“Oh, hush all that noise silly boy, you don’t have anything I haven’t seen a million times before.  Now unless you want to feel all itchy and uncomfortable let me finish cleaning the remaining hairs off your body. Now that all those nasty drugs are out of your system you body is reverting to its natural state, this cleansing wash I am using will soften your skin as well as ensure any last remaining live hair follicles go dormant.  Alphas, love that their ‘O’ boys have such sensitive smooth skin.”
Stripping off his jeans and t-shirt he moved behind Tony pulling him back against his chest, letting his cock rub against his smaller mate’s ass whilst his hands grabbed hold of his omega’s breasts. Breathing in the sweet scent of his omega he sucked on their mating bond growling as his omega mewled and ground back on his cock.  Dipping two fingers in to the folds of Tony’s pussy he stroked and rubbed the soft skin until he found the tiny clit hidden within.
like what you did to my parents,” Tony insisted. He know that was where this was coming from.
Sam and Bruce were going over all the information they had on Set together. F.R.I.D.A.Y. passed on every piece of date she could find and they sifted through it, weeding out the crap from the not-quite-crap.
“Dollar for your thoughts?” Tony’s voice broke into the silence, startling Steve so that he almost fell out of the hammock.
Steve chuckled. “He’s friends with Tony; he’s bound to have some sort of survival instinct.”
Tony laughed harder. “Legendary, huh?” He had a joke about that, he really did, but just then Bucky licked at the head of his cock as though it was the best sort of lollipop. Tony’s hand slackened, dropping away from Steve to gape at Bucky.
It was almost anti-climactic when Thor showed up. Tony had been waiting for him ever since Jane had called to tell him that Point Break was on his way.
Bucky was the first to move. His courage sometimes took Tony’s breath away. He took one step onto the bridge, and then another, and froze. “I don’t think I can do this,” he whispered.
“Stakes?” Bucky asked.  He was just as gullible as Steve, Tony thought. This was awesome!
He didn’t know that voice, but the tone suggested that the owner of the voice knew him. He lifted his head with an effort. The face staring down at him was gorgeous, blue eyes wide with concern.
Fury shrugged, hands deep in the pockets of his stupid long black leather jacket. “You’ll never know.”
Bucky, the other two had already made some sort of deal. “Wait a minute,” he said, balking at the door to his bedroom. “What’s going on here? What have you two been discussing while I was …?”
“You need to play Words with Friends with Sam, he needs real competition,” Dean said.
“I believe if we all sat down around a table, we could come up with something that would work for everyone,” Richards said.
He didn’t dare look at any of his team. It wouldn’t have been pretty.
“Who was it?” Clint asked. Steve was grateful that he hadn't had to. “Who was it in the dream?”
Steve lay there as Bucky pushed Tony to the bed, fingering him open until he was writhing on the sheets like a wanton thing.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. shut up. But her silence was weighted and judging.
“Once,” Natasha growled, poking at Rhodey with a sharp finger. “I kissed him
Steve felt that well of shame sweep over him again. It seemed as though he’d got everything wrong. “No, Tony doesn’t hate you,” he said. The burning behind his eyes had his vision blurring. “He only hates me.”
Bruce does his thing. Steve panics. Tony makes a new friend. Just FYI Jotunheim isn't Earth. Sam is a good bro. Journey to the center of the....realm?
This was all brand new information to Tony. He wanted to quiz Clint more but he could see that was all he was going to get. He made a mental note to get Hawkeye drunk and pry the rest of the story out of him some day.
Wanda sighed. “I must stay as well if I am to help the monster.” She stepped out of the jet, walking over to Bruce.
In a flurry of goodbyes, they were gone.
Tony snorted. “Well, I could have used one of those about five weeks ago when Pepper dumped my ass, but no thanks, Cap.” He sounded bitter and angry.
“A suit of armor around the world,” Steve murmured. “Would that really have made a difference after all?” His face was kind. It was a good face, Tony thought. A friend’s face.
Tony wasn't sure which one of them he wanted to hug more right then.
Steve was dead.
His life was a goddam freak show.
The king looked at Steve until he couldn’t stare into those calm dark eyes any longer. “You turned on the Accords.” Steve’s voice was small.
Thor shook his head. “We don’t have the time. I cannot control the power of the Mind Stone in its raw form the way that our brave friend did. It must be now. Cover your eyes.”
Tony felt as though he was on the carpet in the principal’s office. He loved having Bruce around, enjoyed sharing ideas and inventions with the smartest guy he knew. But Bruce was also capable of making Tony be honest about feelings.
Lots of talking...looooots of talking.
Bucky’s arms tightened around him. “I said I wasn’t ready before.”
Steve glared at her. “I think I preferred it when you were a stoic assassin with no visible personality,” he told her.
“Yes, he is.” Wanda kept remarkably cool under the pressure of Natasha's furious gaze. “But he thinks. So he's a monster but not a killer.”
. All I did was give you a place to heal.”
Tony smothered a snicker, swallowing it whole when Natasha flicked her gaze at him.
Bucky came over to where Tony was leaning against Steve’s seat. “Hey.”
Steve was kissing him like he meant it. A proper, swoony, romancing-the-fuck-out-of-you, kiss that made his knees weak and his heart stutter.
“I’m not an Avenger,” Bucky broke in. “I didn’t sign up for the gig. I’m a washed up, broken weapon that you put back together with metal and patience.”
Tony shuddered. He’d been so eager to make amends for Ultron that he hadn’t seen the similarities. “We can’t let it happen,” he said, his throat very dry.
“I’m sorry, Tony.” Steve knew his words were inadequate.
Tony wanted to stick his fingers in his ears and make ‘lalalalala’ sounds. There were honestly some mental images he didn’t need.
Tony laughed until he choked on his own spit.
“Nothing to do with the gigantic crush you have on a certain boy in red, white and blue?” Rhodey asked.
“Yeah, ditto.” Clint looked as pissed off as Natasha did.
“But I’m right here, brother.” Loki sauntered in behind Thor. Steve’s head turned so fast he gave himself jetlag. Loki was still standing beside Tony with that annoying little smile on his face.
“Still keeping me in line, Buck?” Steve asked softly.
Tony could vaguely recall speaking to someone last night as he was falling asleep.
Pepper stood up suddenly. “I’ve got to leave. There are so very many things I still need to say to some of you, but I have a company to run and, no matter what Tony believes, it doesn’t happen by itself.”
Tony shook his head slowly. “This really isn’t the time, you were right earlier, but yeah, you, me, Bucky…I want it. I want us” He swallowed hard, eyes very vulnerable.
Steve couldn't say a word.
Tony stumbled forward when Bucky nudged him. “Hey!” he protested.
feelings,” Natasha hissed. “Go make it right!”
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out,” Tony retorted. It was Steve’s turn to elbow Tony.
Bucky leaned over and whispered, “Is she psychic?”
be delicate.” he protested.
Clint lifted an eyebrow. “That’s a new tactic,” he noted. “Most everyone else has been telling me that time heals all fucking wounds.”
wasn’t planning on moving.
Laura slipped in, Nate on her hip. “You got a minute?” she asked.
“As the brothers Grimm over here told us, getting in was way easier than getting out.” Tony nodded towards the Winchesters. “I didn’t want to show all my cards at once.”
She sighed. “I wanted to be.” Then she shook her head. “Tony Stark needed to pay for what he did.”
“Fic…shun….” Tony enunciated. “I checked those out. Apparently there is an inappropriately close relationship between the brothers.”
asleep.”
Natasha gave a rueful shrug, “Technically, it's the government's property. Wings, too.”
“It wasn't...the naked...I mean...” Bruce's fumbling attempts to explain Tony's outburst were adorably hilarious.
“We’re going to need a
“Pity,” Loki murmured. “He’s lovely.”
She sighed, slumping down again. “Why are you so goddamn blind?”
“I want you to tell us everything,” Bruce said, eyes bright. “Where did you go? What did you do? Who did you meet? Was Strange any help at all?”
“No,” Clint replied. “Usually it’s much, much worse.” He sounded almost cheerful. Tony wanted to kiss these brothers who had put that sound in his voice again.
It was sort of hilarious, Tony thought. He was in unchartered water now, nothing of this had happened in his previous timeline. Could something as simple as telling Captain America that he had a heart-boner for him be the reason for such a massive shift in his timeline?
Steve rubbed at the throbbing that had set up residence behind his eyes.
“What thing?” Steve asked, coming up behind Tony with Bucky in tow.
Tony rubbed at his chest. His heart was much healthier these days now that the palladium poisoning and its accompanying arc reactor were gone. His heartbeat sped up. “I’m really not feeling the love here, Doc.”
“I'll talk to you soon,” he promised.
Steve stalked into the training arena, mind whirling. He saw Natasha, waved her over. Rhodey looked way too pleased to be left alone. He bent over at the waist, gasping. Sam laughed at him. They were getting better.
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Are any of you ready to see me naked?” She looked around the table. “Because my best scars are in the most private places.”
“I’m starving,” Tony said, trying to stuff an entire Pop Tart in his mouth in one go.
“Oh, that comes later,” Tony assured them.
Tony pressed a soft kiss to Bucky’s mouth. “Then I’m going to love you forever.”
“I will do whatever I can to fix things,” Loki said, tone suddenly serious. “No matter what I have to do.”
said,” Rhodes said, pointing to Natasha. Bruce kept his head down, avoiding Natasha’s gaze as he went to sit next to Rhodes.
It worked this time too as Thor beamed at him. “Mjolnir is a fine instrument,” he agreed. “And you are perhaps correct. It would be better to take my leave outside.”
“Any chance you'll let me in?” Tony asked, purely for form's sake. He doubted things would be that easy.
Dean guppied for a moment or ten. Tony worried that he’d lost the power of speech.
Tony stood as well, remaining at Strange’s side, ignoring everything and everyone around him. It made Steve feel sick. This wasn't the man he knew.
“Perhaps,” T’Challa admitted. “Perhaps Tony Stark had another plan all along. But not one of us thought to ask him.” He watched Steve closely. “You have been friends for several years now. Is he an untrustworthy man?”
“Sure you did.” Clint’s mouth curled in a smug little smirk that Tony wanted to smack off his smug little face.
They all kept their eyes away from the windows, pretending that Clint wasn’t outside somewhere, falling apart.
. This isn’t the time for us to be pissed off with each other. There just
Pepper’s mouth opened and closed again. “Is that…?” She looked at Tony.
“You what?” Tony repeated, sure that he was losing his hearing. Or maybe his mind.
“You called for Captain Rogers, sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “I wasn’t sure what to do until I studied your vital signs and realized that you were unconscious.” Steve hoarded that information like a treasure. Tony had called to him. Not Rhodey, not Bucky,
Thanks for sticking with me.
Steve shook his head. “She doesn’t actually talk to me, Tony. She sends me feelings, reassurance. Not actual words.”
Jörmungandr’s gaze turned to him. “
Vision picked up the crown while they were all bickering. “It is not of this dimension,” he said.
“The Accords weren’t a bad idea, Tony,” Steve said. “It was the execution, the timing, Ross.”
Steve pondered what to say. He knew how fragile Wanda was, there was something not quite stable in her eyes occasionally that concerned him. But, she’d chosen to stand with him and Steve had not thought to ask why. He’d been too happy to have her magic to counter Vision’s.
He propped his head on his hands as he waited for Bucky to move. The first touch of lips at the base of his spine took him by surprise. He was wound tighter than any coil he’d ever built.
“You going up too?” Bruce asked Steve.
Bruce wandered in. “What’s up?”
liked it. “She found a way to talk to us and told us what to do.”
When they got back to the house, they had another visitor
“You publically fought against your friends, resulting in grievous bodily harm to many of them. You lied to and abandoned someone you care deeply for to, quite possibly, die in a frozen wasteland,” Vision said. “And you still believe that was the best course of action?”
Bruce just stared at him, visibly torn.
Steve met his gaze. “You’ll tell me everything?” He sounded skeptical.
Tony flipped him off because of the three of his odd travel buddies, he was least afraid of Strange. “I talk to the treeeeeeeees,” he sang beneath his breath, “But they don’t listen to meeeeeee.” He heard Strange’s muffled laugh.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him, while fighting off a grin. “So sassy.”
Hulk helped him up. “Helped” being a sort of broad way to describe the fact that one second Tony was on his back on the floor of a forest, and the next he was dangling by the wrist. “Thanks, dude. I'm up now. You can put me down.” Turned out, hanging from one arm while the armor dragged the rest of your body down, wasn't so great for the arm.
“Soooo….” Tony drawled. “Your suite or mine?” He waggled his eyebrows at them.
“I don’t count here, hon. This is your family. Your choice. I certainly won’t hold it against you if you take the asshole back.”
Tony just stared at him. And then shook his head. “God, you drive me nuts,” he whispered. “Just when I think I’ve figured you out.”
“You’ll have to move so that we can get out,” Natasha told them with a sly smile.
“Not my place to tell you,” Bucky said. “Just wonder why you never called him the whole time I was there? You being friends and all.”
“Squash?” he bleated as the door closed behind him. “I’m not actually an ant. You know this, right?”
“Yes.” And that was all.
“Are you happy, Tones?” The abrupt subject change made Tony a little dizzy.
“Reed, I think we should give Tony the benefit of the doubt,” Xavier said after a moment. “I trust him.”
a fucking octopus!” He finally extricated himself and stepped out of the shower.
“This isn’t a tactical mission, Steve,” Sam said. “You’re dealing with the fallout of betraying your friends. No amount of planning is going to account for the cost of your actions.”
Tony scowled. “I’m not a
“Sorry,” Tony choked out. “I may have over-reacted and am a
“Tony does.” Clint put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Trust me, Cap. Tony most certainly does.”
Tony looked back down. Steve wasn’t breathing. His blood was sticky and covered Tony’s suit. “He’s dead.” He said it, but he didn’t believe it.
Steve came back inside. “The others are on their way back to the tower,” he said. “Falcon says that it all went well.” He looked between them. “What’s going on?”
Tony waved a hand towards the now arguing gods. “I can’t,” he wheezed. “It’s like the real life version of ‘Who’s Line is it Anyway?’. It’s fucking awesome.”
Loki sighed. “Well, while I’m sure you’ll be the first to say ‘I told you so’, it seems that my taking Odin’s place in Asgard these past several months has weakened the magic holding its bonds.”
“Such an asshole,” Bucky muttered, but it sounded like an endearment. Tony would take it.
“He wouldn’t do something like this without a good reason,” Bruce said. “Steve’s not exactly the impulsive sort.”
It got him another glare. “You're pretty obnoxious, you know.”
life. I honestly don’t give a crap about anyone else but you and Steve.”
Tony sat next to him. “Loki?” he asked. Because, let's be real. It was
“Thank you.” Tony’s words were a whisper as the magic vanished as quickly as it had appeared.
“Babe, we’re the most fucking special of them all,” Tony assured him. “That’s why we’re handling this. Why we’re the only ones who
The errant Avengers arrive. Things aren't quite what they expected. Tony does what Tony does. The Bartons have their moment
“Time-travelling?” Tony stared at Thor blankly. “I’ve never time-travelled.” He looked around at the others. “Have I?”
Bruce pressed the ‘enter’ button.
“Extremis…” Pepper began.
“Uh….” Tony had no idea how much Thor had heard. But he was being so very Thor-like in his exuberance that nobody would be able to stop him.
~o0o~
“He’ll be here in a minute, passionflower.” Tony grinned at the face Rhodey made at that name. “I often wonder why you and I didn’t hook up.”
“I seldom am,” Tony said, stuffing his hands into his pockets.
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “You getting in?” he asked. Tony took a breath. “You think too much, Tony.” He walked to where Tony stood with his toothbrush hanging limply.
Steve was the only one of them that came out of the game sober and with his reputation intact. Tragically, it had nothing to do with the super soldier serum. Steve was an actual real-life Boy Scout. Tony wondered what the hell Steve saw in him.
“Yes.” Thor shrugged. “We must wait to hear from him.”
Natasha ignored him. Tony wasn't going to call her on that. It might end up with him sporting a few less appendages than he currently carried. “Why didn't you stay?” Her voice was low, sad and wistful.
“You a mind reader too, Stark?” Steve was afraid. He still wasn’t sure how it would work. If it
Rhodey shrugged, “It's Thanos.”
“I think I'll have to talk to him regardless of what he saw,” Steve said. “Whatever is going on isn't good for the team. And we need Tony back on the team.”
you’re the one who has game.”
“Sorry, Professor.” Reed appeared suitably chastised.
trouble one day, Dean,” Billie warned. “When that happens, I promise that I will pull every favor that I have to get to be the one to reap you.”
“I’ve taken the liberty of asking Captain Rogers to come to your rooms, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded as shaken as it was possible for an artificial life form to sound.
Yggdrasil said as Tony lifted a hand towards the lights. His fingers trailed with stars.
“If that happened, I’d murder someone just so that I could be with you.” Steve’s fierce tone took Tony by surprise. And to think he’d almost missed out on this.
“Apparently so.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded subdued.
Tony waved a hand at Thor. “Excuse you, fiction sitting right here as fact.” Thor beamed at him.
Steve held his gaze for a heartbeat or two. “You’re a pain in my ass,” he said eventually.
Steve sighed. “I just know this is going to be a disaster,” he muttered.
“Come to Papa, Sugarlump.” Tony crooked his finger at him. “If you can make it here then I will offer said ass for you to kick.”
“When were these taken?” Bruce asked, lifting one to the light and squinting a little.
Steve’s shoulders drooped even more. Tony thought he was going to end up looking like Eeyore if they dropped any lower. “If you, and Bruce, and Thor can’t come up with anything, what kind of plan could I make?” he asked.
“You met him five minutes ago,” Steve said, irrationally angry at Bucky’s calm insouciance. “You don’t know anything about him.”
Her question was a spark of confused light. “Tony, my friend, something happened to him and I want to get him back.” He paused, cleared his throat. “I don’t think we can keep saving you without his help.”
“He has the codes to the nuclear weapons stored around the country,” Steve countered. “Are you prepared to take the risk, because I sure as shit am not.”
“Hitched a ride, huh?” Tony said, ignoring her, mind working at warp speed. “I’m guessing the prodigal children gave you a lift.” He wasn’t sure how he felt about it, but was pretty glad that he’d ripped off the cardiac sensors.
“I thought it was a smartass that I was supposed to avoid being,” Clint replied, a tiny smile on his face.
“Nobody knows how to work that machine.” Clint pointed at the coffee maker squatting on the counter next to him. “I think you need to be an astronaut.”
Tony fell off the sofa he was laughing so hard.
important,” Steve said, dropping an arm around Tony’s waist. Somehow he and Bucky had managed to sandwich Tony between them, hustling him along.
“I’m laughing on the inside,” Tony assured him as he stepped carefully on whatever creature was currently acting as the floor.
“It is I who should apologize, my friend.” Thor’s mouth curled in a tired smile. “I am afraid for my home. For my family.” He didn’t look at Loki when he said it, but to Tony it was almost a shout.
made everyone afraid of us.” His voice was shaky, his hands whirling in a blur of motion.
“And we all listen to the lonely, semi-crazy, Steve-obsessed city of the Ancients,” Bruce scoffed. And stopped when the lights went out in the corridor. “Err... Oops.”
“Can I speak to you about something, Captain?” Vision asked. He’d been so focused on Tony and then Sam and Natasha that he’d completely forgotten that Vision was there.
Tony lifted his hand to brush the hair away from Steve’s face. “I think we’re going to do just fine,” he said.
“The brain has a way of protecting itself,” Bruce explained. He shone the penlight in Bucky’s eyes again but there was no reaction. “It has shut down while the gamma-knife does its work.”
“That is so short-sighted,” Loki spat. “Doesn’t he understand…”
“Ah yes,” Thor said. “We have news.” And stopped.
“Um, anyone?” Rhodey said. Tony shoved him off the jet.
“No.”
“Because I add a secret ingredient,” Rhodey said.
“Where’s Ms. Potts?” Steve changed the subject.
Bucky’s mouth ticked up on one side. “I remember enough about you to know that’s a whole crock of bullshit, Rogers.”
“Not in the capsules, boss,” FRIDAY sounded a little shaken. “But I am picking up one heartbeat.”
Tony held out his fist and Dean bumped it. “Sounds like fun.” He could practically feel Steve glaring at him.
“We’re focused, babe,” Tony promised. “Like lasers. We even have a plan.” He waved a hand at Sam and Dean. “Well, part of a plan,” he amended.
Tony lifted a hand to his mouth. “No.” He wasn't sure what he was saying no to. “I'm good.” He turned to look at Bruce. “I'd appreciate a little advice here, Doc.” He was drowning in an ocean full of feelings that he had no idea how to handle.
a robot! I am a sentient android created with the power of the Mind Stone and capable of destroying you with a thought.”
“While you were downstairs trying to find your big girl panties, the Winchesters were filling us in on demonology.” Clint’s smile was sharp. “Shit is going down.”
Liar.
“Sir,” JARVIS sounded concerned. “There is a great deal of information that has been uploaded onto the World Wide Web.”
Tony was down with that.
Steve glared at him. Sometimes he wished he'd never allowed Clint to come with him to Atlantis. This was one of the many, many,
“Hey!” Steve’s protest was mild as he smiled helplessly back at Bucky. “You still had more experience than me even though you were three years younger.”
Bruce made a scoffing noise. “That’s Tony Stark for you, modest as hell.”
“Fourth?” Sam cocked his head. “So I come in after Steve, Tony and….”
“Why don’t you get some sleep, Tony?” Pepper urged. “You’ve been awake for almost two days straight with the revising of the Accords and the signing of the new draft. I’ll make sure they settle in here. You don’t need to deal with them at all.”
Tony stumbled as he ran, doubled over, wheezing with laughter. “Not exactly, LeeLoo,” he said as he held Vision in front of him like a shield.
So, I've seen a couple of comments about Wanda. Hopefully this chapter clears some of that up.
“You can call me Mr. Rogers,” Steve replied. Tony snorted, and Steve rolled his eyes. Decades, and that idiot still laughed at his name.
He closed his eyes, melting into the sheets beneath him.
Tony glared. “I’ve been working my fingers to the bone trying to save the universe and you want to deny me my Bucky nookie?” He grinned when Steve shoved him off the armrest.
“Please god, just leave me alone.” Tony just wanted a moment to think, to comprehend what had just happened and they were just not letting him be!
“That is still going to come back and bite us in the ass,” Bruce said as he pressed the elevator button.
“He wanted to call you right away,” Bucky confessed. “But I wasn’t ready to see you. Wasn’t ready for you to be disappointed in me.”
The woman in spandex, Carol, Tony reminded himself, said, “So let's get him. We can use the stones to bring everyone back.”
She blinked and the tears spilled over. “This is the life that includes
Tony switched channels so that he and Rhodey could catch up. “So, guess what?”
"Peter…" he gently reached out not wanting this to be real. "No…Peter…baby…"
"What?" asked Steve. "What is it?"
"Tony." he called.
"No, no, no." Steve ranted as he hugged Peter to his chest. "It's okay. It's okay. Stay with me. Stay with me."
It wasn't the best situation and it wasn't the best way for them to find out.
"I'm, I'm, I'm s-s-sorry-y d-dad." Peter struggled. He couldn't get his words to form, His head was foggy and he couldn't seem to remember what he was sorry about but knew that it was the right thing to say.
"No they can't! I have to!" Tony sobbed. "I have to!"
Tony lifted his head.
It's been four months since he beat his first true enemy and lost the Chief of police and lost his best friend/girlfriend. All because he wanted to be the hero and help people.
Nothing.
A failure.
Silence engulfed them for a time. The only back ground noise was the people trying to save Peter's life.
Cupping his cum heavy balls, he gave them a squeeze rolling them between his fingers.  The image of Tony spread out on their bed balless and stubby little cocklet hanging limp and useless soon had pearls of pre-cum leaking from his bulbous purple cock head.
“Yes, my husband was very nearly the victim of an assault by a previous paramour, fortunately I was able to stop matters before Tony was sexually abused, but my poor darling has been mentally traumatized yet again and needed to spend a couple of days as an in-patient again at Mountain View Clinic.
“Such a good omega tonight doll, perfectly behaved and so beautiful.  You deserve your reward, do you want to know what it is, nod your head for yes, well then as you know Bruce has perfected the formula for testing pups to discover their orientation early on, he tested the girls this afternoon and the results show that Maria is an Alpha and Anna and Sarah are omegas.  Wonderful isn’t it, such a clever little bitch to birth two omegas on your first breeding.”
Bending her in half he ravaged her cunt with his cock, he pushed a finger into her asshole, slick dripping from her asshole onto cunt juice, soaked sheets, without any further prep he forced a large plug into her, the swell of his knot tore a scream from her lips as he forced the plug deep in to her asshole.  He could feel his cock running against the hard plug through the thin layer of flesh.  As his cum flooded her insides he bit down on her omega gland, binding her to him forever.  Her blood tasted sweet, the scent of their combined pheromones filling the room  After lathing the wound to close the skin he settled to ride out his knot, watching as her stomach rounded with his cum.  He wasn’t bothered about having pups but he liked that her cum inflated belly gave a curve to her slender frame.
Five days without any word from Steve or any of the other Avengers.  JARVIS would only confirm that the mission had been extended and that Fury after being pressurised had admitted that the Avengers had run into some problems with a Hydra cell and that only minor injuries had been incurred during the fight.
Now this is exactly the kind of behaviour that is not acceptable and shows how immature and selfish you are.
Crawling onto the bed he straddled his Alpha’s thighs and took Steve’s semi-hard cock into his mouth, relaxing his throat so he could take it down to the root. Locking his hands behind his back he spread his thighs, ass up so that his still loose hole was on display for when Winter awoke.  The position was not the most comfortable as his breasts were squashed against Steve’s thighs and the arc reactor’s weight pulled against his sternum, but he found comfort in the routine daily repetition of this act.  He could be in this position for mere minutes, or a couple of hours, but he knew that once both Alphas woke up, he would be fucked and knotted in both holes, cum flooding his body.  It helped especially today with the looming surgery, and the anxiety of being separated from his new- born pups.
“Come on, let’s get you back to the penthouse, time for lunch and then we can announce the good news to the other Avengers about our third pup.”
Tony lay against a mound of pillows in the middle of the large hospital bed, his wrists were captured in soft restraints against the bed rails, his mittened hands twitching occasionally. The pale blue blanket and crisp white sheet ended at his bare chest, securely tucked under the mattress. Steve could just make out the ankle restraints covered by the folded comforter at the end of the bed.  A nasal cannula was clipped to his nose and and IV port taped down on his arm.
I will keep him in my quarters tonight, what time do you want him in medical tomorrow?”
“Does that feel good baby boy? Do you want daddy to make you squirt your special cream?  If you want to please daddy and make him proud, you need to tell daddy how it feels and ask daddy nicely to milk you.
“You are amazing, Steve.”
The Omega Registry have agreed to withdraw their legal right to claim complete guardianship over you as a highly vulnerable Omega, on the proviso that you bond immediately with your Pack for stability and that you live as a Traditional Omega for a period of time, until they feel you have embraced and accepted your Omega status. The Registry will regularly check up on you, to assess you and your interactions with your Pack and with your Alpha.”
“Got to make sure your udders are full for your milking, stimulate your milk flow so your tits get huge and you have enough to feed the pups when they are born.  Big fat tits full of goodness, none of that formula shit, natural as nature intended.”
“Steve, can you come down to my office, no need to bring Tony, l know he is due at a meeting with the R&D team.”
“Do not move until l say you can.”
“Please, please, it’s too much, l can’t take anymore.   Please l will do anything you want if you take them off.”
Bank Holiday weekend with added two days leave next week so hopefully will have more time to write if the my teenagers and the puppy give me a bit of peace and quiet:)
Tony’s breath quickened, he could do this, it was getting easier to sink into his omega ness, he didn’t hate his new body and the ability to breath freely still astonished him. Both his Alphas seemed enamoured with him and even though still harsh disciplinarians had lost, for now their sadistic edge.
Steve couldn’t help but bite again into the healing mark, the taste of lust and desperation pouring of his omega was too intoxicating to resist.  Tony’s broken cries making his knot thicken, locking the small omega on his knot once again.
Happy Holidays.
Steve gave Tony a few minutes to compose himself, pretending not to notice the tears that he was surreptitiously trying to wipe away, he wished he could postpone this talk until tomorrow to give Tony the time to assimilate all the information that he had been given by the doctors and Ms Potts. Unfortunately, time was short and Ms Potts wanted Tony safely bonded within the Pack before her guardianship ran out, knowing Tony as she did, she had advised Steve to lay out clearly what the role of Avengers Pack Omega entailed, the restrictions placed on such an omega, the rules he would have to abide by and what chastisements would be meted out for any misbehaviour that warranted one.  Her advice was to be strict but fair, give clear boundaries and accept no nonsense, or he would find that Tony would find any way to wriggle out of his responsibilities and high tail it down to his work shop.  She has also told him to approach the subject of courting and mating straight away, to make it clear to Tony it was not just out of a sense of duty as pack Alpha but because he cared for the omega.
Odin took his pleasure countless times during the rest of the night, never letting Loki orgasm again.  In the early morning light, he took his leather belt to Loki’s pale, smooth skin, leaving a trail of bloody welts and bruises, spraying his cum over the welts and Loki’s face.
Steve was proud of the fact Tony managed to stay silent and still whilst he shaved and shaped his goatee, although it could have been due to the straight razor being so close to his throat. Patting off the last of the shaving gel he applied aftershave.
Steve gazed down into his omega’s eyes, seeing the panicked realisation in them that he was going to be knotted to his Alpha for the next thirty minutes, mouth and throat full with no means of escape.
“Captain Rogers as you can see your omega’s useless ball sack is just about ready to move up inside, should happen within the next couple of days but if you would like I can manipulate them in to the small internal pouch of skin now.  It may cause some discomfort to your omega but at least the nasty little things would be out of sight quicker.”
Natasha smiled as Andre twisted the length of Pepper’s hair and cut straight through it, leaving the remains length to fall around Pepper’s ears. Pepper’s startled cry made here cunt tighten, it always gave her a thrill to see a bitch lose something important to there self worth. Crossing her legs  she stared at Pepper’s wide eyes as the scissors carried on snipping, faster and faster, enjoying watching Pepper try to hold back the tears at the sight of the colour and the hanks of hair falling in her lap.
Tony whined, overcome by the scent of his Alpha and the soothing endorphins released by his neck glands.  Heat pooled in his nether regions as his arousal began to build, he could feel the cool air on his exposed backside the material barely covering rounded butt cheeks, his swollen nipples ached trapped in their clamps.  Slick was starting to drip down his thighs pushing past the plug that stopped it from gushing out.
Tony heard the works spoken quietly in his ear but he struggled to comprehend what else he need to say, surely Steve wanted to fuck him what more did he require from Tony?
Do not pout omega, we have the perfect gag for you.  Now let me see how hard you can fuck yourself on my fingers, want to hear you screaming before we fit your new gag.”
To emphasise his point he slapped Stevie’s hard little cock five times, only stopping when he leaned over to lick the trail of tears falling from his bitch’s face.  He could see how desperate his omega was to be knotted, how flushed and breathless he had become, the jerk of his hips upward to meet his thrusts, how his thighs were soaked with blood and slick.
Tony’s breasts were small and plump, with dark pink nipples that stood erect the moment he brushed his fingers over them, a further tiny squeeze and a milky pearl dropped onto his fingers, it tasted sweet and creamy, so he lowers his lips and sucked on the hard nub.
The evening he showed the book to Odin, was the first night that Odin did not use his whip to discipline him or make him bleed when he fucked him.  It was a tiny step that might not really change the way he was treated in the long run, but at least the following morning he could walk out of Odin’s bed chamber without needing help.
“Tony remember last year when we finally sat down and talked about the attraction between us? and decided that neither of us wanted the other to be hurt or lose the friendship we had worked so hard for due to our inability to mate fully, as you were base-line and I would eventually need an Omega to mate with and Omega and have pups.
Tony lay in a stupor, exhausted and still shocked by the scan results. How the hell was he going to cope with this pregnancy as well as caring for his three girls, not to mention the impossibility of feeding seven pups.  Tears filled his eyes a sob escaping his raw throat as his body began to tremble.
“Tony you cannot say a word, think you are going to need to be muzzled for a while, just until Petey has birthed Pepper’s pups.
“But l’m not supposed be like this, l would never have let Steve do this to me in my universe, l don’t understand why l am not more resistant to the changes you have forced on me.  Why have l not broken, for Christ sake, dozens of strangers fucked me this morning and l was hard and would have had multiple orgasms if you had not caged me.
Do you want to check on Tony whilst I go get Sarah, I want you to make sure his holes are not too sore after last night, also his pussy walls have some odd tiny bumps on them, I could feel them on my cock when I was fucking him. His wrists are cuffed already but you might want to do his ankles if he is still asleep, just so he doesn’t get startled if he wakes up mid exam.”
“Hulk pleased with his May cow, you full of cum and mooing just as Hulk ordered, gonn’a play with you again soon, bye, bye pretty cow.”
Well good luck on the baby part Tony thought. He knew the chances of conceiving were minimal at his age let alone with all the trauma his body had gone through over the years, a small part of him was sad at this thought.
They were nearly back to the jet when the ground shook and an almighty roar ripped through the air. Widow and Tony were knocked flying as a huge green mass barreled into the Professor.
Tonight, she will apologise to Dr Banner when she returns and then l expect her in my suite at 8pm for training in how to show proper respect to your Alpha and Pack Leader.
Steve was thrilled and by the satisfied look on Pepper’s face she as just as pleased, finally Tony belonged to him completely, nobody would ever be able to take him away and his baby boy would have any autonomy over himself.
Steve and Winter have fun playing doctors.
“Wonderful, very neat and tidy, now let’s do your throat and then a couple of hours in the Cradle and you will be all set to meet the Captain.”
Pulling her robe open he ran the ultrasound over her stomach, her womb and ovaries were small as was usual for a female alpha, but he could see that her fallopian tubes were clear and if he wasn’t mistaken she was ovulating, a good sign that if he placed a slow release hormone patch they could potentially impregnate her once Extremis had been removed.
Once again the music began quieten and he let out a sob of relief, now he would get to here his lullaby and maybe da..Steve? would come and get him and make all the bad things go away.  Steve would never have agreed to this kind of treatment Dr Gottlieb must be doing this without his knowledge, that had to be it or else Steve was being mind controlled.  Oh God! He needed to get to Steve so that he could warn him and they could escape this madhouse. Once they were away from Dr Gottlieb’s influence Steve’s mind would be free and things would return to how they were before.
Winter lay the blanket where the omega could reach it and quickly backed away, there was no way he was getting between a near feral omega and their new pup.
Chatper 46
By the way how is our new omega, what have you done with him whilst you deal with all the transfer of ownership papers Pepper has couriered over.”
Steve lathers up his old bristle brush and coats Tony’s cheeks with shaving cream.
Caught on Thor’s knot he could only watch as the small omega screamed as the first pup’s head crowned, a further ten minutes passed before the pup was finally delivered its cries loud in the now silent room.
His makeup today was all earth tones and shimmering body dust.  He never thought that when Bucky first ordered him to start wearing makeup that he would enjoy finding new and dramatic ways of transforming his looks.  His hair was back to being cropped short at the sides and back, with soft, messy curls on top, he had been so happy when Steve had taken the clippers to his thick long curls, even Winter had admitted that he looked cuter and even younger with his hair short and anyway he had a selection of wigs for when his Alphas wanted him to dress more feminine.
You will obey me and be the perfect omega, just like that Stark bitch.  If not, your brother will find himself in Guantanamo Bay for the rest of his life, do I make myself clear my omega?”
“Beautiful omega, you may come now, l am so proud of you.”
“Omega, spread your knees wider so that you can sink down, lets see how much you can take.”
Steve smiled as he continued to stroke Tony’s pussy and thighs until the omega was squirming and mewling, slick gushing out both holes.  He flicked Tony’s fat little clit, and that was all it took for the omega to climax, his satisfied cries filling the air.
Hands on his waist and shoulders held him still as Steve and Bucky matched each other thrust for thrust grinning at each other as they felt the slide of their cocks through the flesh separating each channel.
“ Let this be a lesson Stark, you are a disappointing excuse for an omega, I should just haul your ass back to the Compound and dump you at the gates for your Alpha to find.
“Tony, let me take the pup, you need to concentrate on birthing his brother.”
Steve continued to fuck his hole hard pulling his cheeks wide apart so he could add another finger, pulling back he slapped Tony’s ass, watching the plump flesh turn pink matching the shape of his hand.  Smacking each ass cheek hard he knew this was how Tony’s ass should look all the time. Switching it up he slapped his hand down on to Tony’s crack, catching his puffy hole, his omega squealed in shock hole clenching tight. Four further smacks saw his omega begging for him to stop, he stilled his hand leaving Tony to think it was over.
Well fuck you, if you think l am going to thank you for that, hell will freeze over first!”
“Mmmmmm oh!! Hmmmm mmmmmm, oh fuuuuck! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh”
Tony blinked sleepily and nodded his head. He drifted off to sleep still immersed in the wonderful scent of his Alpha, his small hand still clutching Steve’s.
In the early hours of the morning Bruce stood with Steve watching the private ambulance disappear through the Compound outer gate,  his alter ego Professor Hulk, had thoroughly enjoyed his time fucking the small doctor, splitting her cunt wide open with his massive cock, then covering her pert breasts with his hot cum, aroused by the rasping cries of agony coming from her abuse throat.  Once sated he had returned control to Bruce who had spent the time before the ambulance arrived removing her back teeth so he could fix a permanent spider ring gag to her swollen and torn mouth.  The bitch had whimpered and whined constantly, until she had healed, he had no further use for her, Professor Hulk liked his toys to be unmarked externally so he could have his fun marking up soft smooth skin with cum burns again.
He could see the flush creeping down Steve’s back, his enhanced hearing picking up the muffled moans and pounding heartbeat as he continued to finger fuck himself, managing to hit is boy clit repeatedly.  Such a little slut, he knew that his boy would bend to his will in the end, there was still some fight left in him and that was fine, he didn’t want to break him completely just yet.
Tony by this time was sagging in his bonds exhausted by the shock and pain, he wanted the oblivion of unconsciousness but his Alpha pinched and twisted his nipples sucking on his mating mark jerking him back from the brink of darkness.
“He is one of the medical cells, I have placed the suppression collar on him and have given him access to a remote computer with all the data and research on how Bruce and I separate ourselves.  He is currently halfway through and making copious notes, it will be interesting to discuss with him what research he has done into his condition.
“Omegas now have a duty to bond and birth pups, to make up for a generation of imbalance in the birth rate caused by their selfish and unfounded need for independence.”
Howard’s research files and Tony’s medical notes told a completely different story to the public one of Tony presenting as an omega as a teenager.  Tony had in fact presented as an omega at the incredibly early age of six years, Howard had been angry and disappointed that his only child turned out to be an omega, however he channelled his anger and energy into developing a serum that would make his omega son only be able to fully bond with the Alpha he had chosen specifically for him, namely Steve Rogers, Howard had never believed that Steve was dead and had spent the intervene years searching for him and still having a vial of his super soldier enhanced blood had injected his son with the results of his experiments.
You will be allowed workshop time if you behave, in addition to the ten mandatory hours work, you have to do for Stark Industries each week.
10.	Discipline third position -Widening his legs he bent forward, hands grasping each ankle.
“Been waiting for this for the last three days, just knew you would be one of the lucky omega bitches that grew a clit along with their cunt. Going to finger fuck your clit whilst I shove my huge cock in to your slutty fuck hole then once you come screaming on my fingers I am going to paint your insides full of cum.”
“Oh Tony sweetheart, look what you have done to daddy, such a naughty boy to get daddy all excited when you can’t do anything about it.  I am going to have to spank your backside when you are all better for teasing daddy.”
Slip your top down, show me them.
The following days were a continuous cycle of feeding, milking and being made to exercise on a treadmill.  The forced feeding seemed to have stopped, so the weight was falling away, at the end of four weeks she could see that whilst still large she could actually move around without to much difficulty.  Her breasts however were still huge, nipples thick and long, tender and red from the constant cycle of feeding and being attached to the milking machine.  Her hair had started to grow in and nobody seemed to care, the blond fuzz soothed her whenever she touched it.
“come on Pep, up on the desk and spread your legs, let me take care of you. You need to relax and take a break once in a while, perhaps you need an omega of your own to relieve all you stress.   Why don’t you speak to Bruce, I’m sure he will have a suitable omega at his clinic that you could foster and train.”
Tony lost track of the times that Steve knotted him and left him hanging, he could feel the burn of the muscles round his hole, the pressure of his cum filled belly against his legs made him feel nauseous, but one to many cries for Steve or Daddy to stop had a large ball gag being strapped to his mouth.
At night in the privacy of their suite he would do whatever he wanted to his sweetheart, Tony would scream and cry, but eventually always rewarded Steve with a blissful smile.
Steve allowed Tony to come see them once they were cleaned and latched on to Pepper’s teats.
Pressing down hard on the small bundle of nerves on the back of Tony’s neck, he waited until his omega shuddered, body relaxing fully against his hand, Stark pad falling from lax fingers.  Tony let out a soft sigh as his system flooded with calming pheromones, turning on to his side he nuzzled against Steve’s chest, looking up to bask in the heated glow of his Alpha’s sapphire eyes.
“Hulk finished milking for now, what do you say Daisy Cow?”
Tony barely help back a sob as Steve’s hand pressed against the front of his pants in full view of the others, a disappointing look on his face.
“I want the beast actor to piss over Tony, and the last shot should be him attempting to push his cock into my little whore’s mouth.  Leave the viewers wondering if it is possible and they will come back for the sequel.”
Go and comfort your omega, l am going to collect Pepper.  I think a little side trip to my Clinic whilst l drop of my two new megs, might make her more amenable to conforming to our expectations.”
Needless to say Natasha slept in her warm Bed whilst Pepper tossed and turned on the thin mattress at the foot of the bed.  She tried to leave a few times, but found she could go no further than the front entrance doors to the Compound. Each time she became anxious and felt a sense of guilt, so she would hurry back to their suite and crawl back under her cover, relieved that Natasha had not woken.
I wish I had never been born, or that I could have grown up to be the perfect partner that you deserve.
“Sweetheart, smile for the cameras, you look absolutely stunning, such a good girl, Sir is very pleased with you.”
“Agent Barton there are a few options that as your pet’s owners you will need to consider and decide on. You can let nature take its course and see what happens over the next few months, the drawback to this is that you will not be able to make full use of your pet sexually as the glands and anal passage will not be able to cope with multiple owners making use of it continually.
A supposed leak to the news networks and papers had hinted that Omega Winter Stark Rogers and his pups had flown to the Malibu mansion so he could spend time bonding with his pups, regain his fitness and loose weight after their birth.  The leaked rumour seemed to have worked, the reporters and public wanting to catch sight of Tony and the pups had dispersed and now seemed to be congregated at the gates of his Malibu home.  Steve and Winter had hopes that any villains or Hydra agents would also follow making Jarvis’s objective of keeping their omega and pups safe a lot easier until they could return.
Did she get to see Dr Cho when she was at the clinic? Yes, well Pepper that is what will happen if you carry on being a disrespectful and aggressive Beta alpha.
Closing his eyes, he just lets himself be still, allowing his Alphas to take care of him. The orgasms he has been gifted are a sign that he has pleased and satisfied his Alphas needs.  His heat has burned out and he knows that he has been successfully bred once again, Steve and Winter will have smelled the change in his scent already.  The omega in him preens at the knowledge that he is fulfilling his role as a bonded omega mate, but each pregnancy takes him further away from Iron Man and being an Avenger, he cannot help the creeping feelings of resentment and anger that his life has been irrevocably changed without him having any say in the matter.
“Aaagh, Aaaagah…Fuu..ck!   Fuu..ck! Aaargh…
Short chapter but necessary as want to skip forward a couple of months after this one.
JARVIS ensure that Tony drinks a cum shake every hour and eats a bowl of omega feed every two hours. Bucky and I will take care the rest of his feeding, our little bitch is going to be so fucked out and full that he will not be able to move or even think of drinking or eating anything that he shouldn’t.”
It was humiliating to be paraded through the corridors naked and leashed, even after the events of the morning.  He could hear the whispers and cruel laughter as he trotted along behind Alpha Steve and Bruce.  Steve’s stern glare stopped anyone from physically touching him, but he could feel all the eyes staring at his nakedness and what was left of his cock.
Thor thought of how much he preferred to see Loki in this more feminine and submissive form, how his omega showed dominant traits when fucking Tony in his Asir form, what alpha tendency would he have as an intact male Jotun, he didn’t want Loki to get any ideas above his new station in life as his omega breeder.
Deep down he knew he was being exceptionally hard on Stark, that he was continuously punishing him for not being his Tony, but he couldn’t stop himself.
“Priyatel now!  Bring my Cyka!”
Hulk wrestled Jella to the floor, using his superior weight and size to keep her beneath him as he tore off her kilt.  Jella bucked and kicked as he rammed four fingers into her cunt, a punch to her left tit had her lay still beneath him for a moment, taking advantage he worked his fist into her cunt. The moment she screamed and tried to buck him off he bit down on her right tit whilst he twisted her left nipple.
He could see the Portal closing, but he was not going to leave without Bruce, he could not lose him as well as Natasha.  With a final burst of speed, he hurtled through the opening as it folded in on itself and disappeared.
Tony was beautiful, his small breasts with their dusty nipples that had nurtured all their children, his body full and round, soft rolls of flesh that provided comfort, security and love.
Jarvis the traitor had refused to allow him to research traditional omega pregnancies stating that his Alphas wanted to teach him themselves.  When he questioned Steve why he had not done this with the first pregnancy he had stated that the traditions involved the omega belonging to at least two Alphas and being connected to a pack.
Thor, smirked as Odin’s hand disappeared in the folds of his robe, the jerky movements that followed were unmistakable, perhaps he would allow his father to spend his seed in Loki’s mouth as a thank you.
Pressing the remote he downsized the butt plug, sliding it out easily before placing it in Pepper’s mouth, enjoying her look of disgust at the taste. Another tap and the plug filled her mouth, her lips stretching obscenely wide around the base of the plug. Pulling her cheeks apart he slid into her gaping hole, the channel still full of his cum aiding his way as he showed no mercy, pounding her hole, fingers bruising her slim hips.
Steve yanked hard on Tony’s hair causing him to gasp in pain then thrust his cock deep in to his omega’s now wide open mouth.
If you are successful in getting back to the penthouse without exposing yourself fully I will consider your punishment ended and we will start afresh with a clean slate.”
“Darcy let’s take our coffee in to the lounge and get comfortable. Would you mind carrying the tray, I hurt my wrist earlier playing tennis, don’t worry about your purse I can bring it along for you.”
Thor watched as Odin stripped his mother of her magic and status as his wife and queen and placed a quickening spell on her womb, he flushed as she was divested of her gown and placed in the breeding stocks at the Palace gates, the crowd surging forward to get a better glimpse of their former Queen.
He wakes from a deep sleep to see Steve gazing down at him, a satisfied smile on his face, his fingers glisten with slick.  He automatically spreads his legs, so his new pussy is on show, ready for his Alpha. He moans and writhes as he is cuffed to the bed, his pussy now dripping.  He watches the intense look on Steve’s face as he pushes his cock passed his tight pussy lips, Tony is not prepared at all for the agony that follows, the pain is indescribable as Steve rams his cock deep into his pussy, ripping through his virgin omega hymen, snarling as he repeatedly forces his cock deep into the tight heat.
“I want you back here sucking my cock in fifteen minutes, at no time are you to stand, you will crawl like the pathetic, dirty animal you are, until I decide otherwise.”
“ How long ago did you bond and was it a traditional bonding as is now the Law, are you intending to breed your omega again on his next heat and will you be giving him the multiple birthing drug that has been developed and released by your own doctor Banner?”
The end.
Steve stroked his cock as he spoke, watching Tony’s hole spasm as the stretched muscles tried to contract.  He could hear Winter’s ragged breaths as he too stroked his thick cock smearing pre cum over its long length.
He will have already sent a small group to study your planet and target any elite omegas and to search for the whereabouts of the infinity stone.
“This kind of thing is not unheard of Captain Rogers, what you have is identical twins who are taking most of the nutrients from your omega’s body leaving the fraternal third as it were to consume what is left, hence the reason for the smallness of this third one and why on the earlier scan it went undetected as it was hidden behind the two larger babies.”
Lydia will guide him to the conclusions we want him to reach and any stubbornness will be met with disapproval and disappointment from yourself."
“There’s a note,” Tony said, without looking away from whatever was in that box. He picked up the thick piece of parchment. “From Odin.”
Bucky whirled on her, hands lashing out. “Fuck you. No.” Natasha took his legs out from under him, crouching over him with a Glock pressed beneath his chin. “Calm the fuck down, Barnes.”
bright here.
“That’s because it isn’t true,” Natasha insisted, following him up with her usual grace. She made the climb look like a cakewalk. Steve knew that it wasn’t.
And the asshole swaggered out of the room as though he hadn’t left Tony in pieces.
Tony held out his hand. “Don’t make me regret giving you this time to sort your shit out,” he said. “Betty always said you were the best dad. Mine wasn’t that great. Honor her memory.”
Lila’s mouth set. “Sorry,” she muttered. “It’s still a stupid name though.”
He followed Bruce’s instructions to lay Bucky down on the long sofa in the corner of the lab. “Everything about this is so experimental.” Bruce seemed to almost be speaking to himself. “I just hope that the calculations were correct.”
Thor picked Tony up, yanking wires and monitors as he headed to the stasis room. Steve, Clint and Natasha followed with Bruce remaining behind to try and figure out what was going on.
Tony blinked. “Oh.” He became the focus of everyone’s gaze. “You’re saying that they’re not human.”
Loki shook his head. “It would be pointless to go back to Asgard,” he said. “There would be nothing to return to.”
She smiled. It was goddam terrifying. Tony was going have nightmares for weeks. “No light. Nighttime. Check this morning. Okay dollar. Still check. Maybe fake.”
He sat.
Clint snorted a laugh. “Nat, you should go out there and show them
“I’m not sure I understand your meaning,” Thor said. Loki sauntered over to where Bucky was leaning against the bar counter, propping his chin on his fist as he smiled at him. Steve decided that Bucky was a big boy and could take care of himself.
getting on in years, Tony,” Vision said as he came over to them. “It’s only logical that your stamina isn’t what it used to be.”
Tony pointed at him. “Just you wait,” he threatened. “I grow on you.”
Tony asked.
had let the Hulk off the hook.
Councilwoman Hawley shook her head. “No, Mr. Stark. That isn’t how we work.”
Strange tipped his head to one side. “But the connection that Asgard has to Earth has resulted in several near apocalyptic events,” he pointed out.
“You got caller ID, buddy?” Tony dropped his arm over his face. The moon was
“I’m standing here in my birthday suit, Steve is on your bed looking like he’s about to start shooting a porno, and you’re drooling over a mechanical arm.” Bucky shook his head. “You need to get your priorities straight, Stark.”
“Bucky said he’d fight to keep us,” Steve told him, heart full and happy.
“The Princess Bride!” Thor boomed. “I recognize that reference!”
Tony gets some answers. And then there's Pepper....
He missed Tony already.
“How far back have you come?” Bruce spoke right over him.
“And I could not tell you in words how grateful I am.” He tried to smile at Tony but it felt wrong on his face. “I lost my mind when I thought that last link would be taken away from me.” He laughed then, the bitterness in his voice a palpable thing. “Captain America isn’t supposed to lose control. Captain America is supposed to make the right choices. Captain America isn’t allowed to make mistakes.” He spat the words out like nails.
Tony rolled his eyes and looked at Steve. “Anything specific for you, oh Captain, my Captain?”
“You did really well in that room full of powerful people, by the way,” Steve said.
He wondered what Tony would do if they came back, handed themselves over, begged for forgiveness. Not that they could. Thanks to the actions that Steve was solely responsible for, Wanda, Clint, Natasha and Scott were wanted criminals. Clint had kids. So did Scott. They had women who loved them. And Steve had taken them with him like a tsunami, uncaring of the consequences.
“I thought you liked Bucky,” Bruce said.
“Thanks, F.R.I.D.A.Y.” Steve wondered what those two wanted this time.
He shucked the rest of his clothes, suddenly desperate for the cleaning warmth of the shower. He turned the water on, enjoying the almost immediate wave of steam that filled the room.
Clint ignored him, focusing on the blinking lights of the chair as Atlantis had her say. Steve wanted to scream at him to hurry up and tell him what he was seeing. This time, Clint was folded over the notepad, almost hiding it away from Steve as he transcribed Atlantis' words. “Call Thor,” he said eventually. “I think he needs to hear this.”
more precious than that.” He lifted a hand to Steve’s cheek. “You know I love you, right?”
He threw his wrists out, calling the armor, or at least a glove with a repulsor to him, but nothing happened. “What have you done to my armor?” He tried not to show how freaked out he was. Apparently, looking at the concern on all of their faces, he wasn’t all that successful.
Tony sighed again, running his fingers over a mark on the table that one of Clint’s kids had made on a visit there. “I should have talked to you first.”
Bucky's grin told Steve he wasn't fooled. “We're both fucking
“With J being back, I just wanted to check if you were planning on keeping me around?”
“What?” Steve asked, crowding Tony up against his door.
“I’m sorry, Tony; I didn’t even notice that he wasn’t with us. I had no idea he planned on coming to see you.” Steve needed Tony to believe
the chair used to condition the Winter Soldier from the Ideal Federal Savings Bank where Alexander Pierce had kindly left it.” Tony leveled a glare at the machine. “I decided that it needed to be put to use for something positive instead of the evil that HYDRA had perpetuated.” He refused to think about who could possibly be watching this. The idea that a certain star –spangled man with a plan and his war buddy might see it wasn’t anywhere near a thought.
Rhodes, the eternal voice of reason broke into the testosterone-filled standoff. “Okay, guys, could we table this discussion right now? The fact is that we have this Stone. We know where it is.”
Steve wanted to bring the conversation back to the reason Thor and Loki had summoned him. “So, the feedback from Heimdall was that…” he prompted.
Steve stared at her. She stared back. And he started laughing, leaning on Bucky while they both laughed their asses off.
The voice in his head made Tony jerk up. “Who…?” Both Steve and Bucky had worried expressions on their faces.
Or alone.
A snort from the other side of the room said that Dean lied. “Sure,” Sam said around a mouthful of food. “You’re a peach.”
Tony stared into the mirror. He looked awful. Stress had clearly not been beneficial to his rakish good looks. “Where is everyone?” he asked.
“He’d cut the wire,” Steve said, looking at Tony with so much emotion in his eyes that Tony had to look away.
“I’m still with you, Cap,” Sam told him. “I’ve got your six.”
Tony had a vague memory of Charles Xavier talking about this dude. “What are you doing in my house?” Tony demanded.
Loki hit the back wall of the room as Wanda strolled nearer. “Stay back!” It was like watching a cat in a trap.
Well, she practically
No Pepper.
“Has been here with the rest of the team, waiting for you to be up to talking to him.” Pepper pulled back. “He’s so sorry for hitting you.”
I come back, then you have to keep Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D. away from me.”
“Buck…” Steve stood too, taking a step towards Bucky.
him. “It seems like there may have been a misunderstanding and one of you,” he cocked a hairy eyeball at Tony, “got a bug up his ass and ran away.”
“Why?” Tony whined. “He’s just going to say no to me. It should be one of you manly men types. He respects the power of testosterone.”
Thanks again for sticking with me. Apologies for the lateness. I am having a really bad week. Hopefully the next part will be up sooner rather than later.
Steve held out his hand. “Thank you,” he said, waiting until Vision took his hand. “You made me face some hard truths tonight. Some that I’ve been denying for a while.”
Steve had another flash of Tony falling out of the sky. “I really don't think Tony is thinking too clearly about going to space.” He met Rhodey’s gaze. “It didn’t go so well the last time.”
“A cock star,” Dean replied. Steve choked on the gulp of coffee he’d just taken. Tony bumped the fist Dean held out.
“Other than that, yes,” Steve agreed.
But...it didn't so I'm back. Hopefully I'll get back to some sort of regular schedule again.
Bruce looked at him. “Are you going to tell me what's really going on?” Of all the Avengers, Bruce was the one who just
Thor frowned. “That seems singularly inhospitable, friend Bruce. Our Scarlet Lady merely wishes to partake of sustenance, and you suggest she hits herself?”
Jörmungandr turned his head, looking down at Tony. “
“So, if I say I’m keeping you both?” Tony tipped his head to one side, his question curious and giving nothing away.
“I shall defend your honor in your absence, friend Tony!” Thor declared, batting at his chest.
“In the shower, Cap. Be right there.”
“What are you two whispering about?” Tony asked, stepping closer.
. It was strangely terrifying.
“I will accompany Wanda,” Vision said. “I will ensure that no harm comes to her.”
Tony raised his eyes to meet Steve’s. “He can’t mean me?”
“Yeah.” He shook with anger. “I really do.” He lifted the paper and read; “Tumultus draconis bestia catena prohibe tribulatione mille anni pacis.”
~o0o~
“My brother isn't the god of birds, Tony,” Thor told him.
Bucky slowly edged him towards the shower, stopping only when Tony backed into Steve. “Hi there.” Tony turned to Steve, loving the sight of that familiar smile.
“All that we’ve talked about is that goddamn formula,” Bucky said. “How does it work? What do we do while it’s being done…worked…calculated…what the fuck ever” He looked more than a little frustrated.
“And the immortal space guy?” Steve asked, wondering just when his world had turned into Loonyville.
He needed to face the consequences of his decisions. Even if it cost him his friends.
Loki grinned. “I can’t help myself,” he shrugged. “It’s a disease.”
The twinge of hurt Steve felt at hearing that Tony hadn’t wanted to see him was unexpectedly painful. “I’m sorry we’re imposing on you.”
Steve flinched, his own balls drawing up in sympathetic pain.
“And yet, as we can see, thanks to Tony's condition, it wasn't,” Steve said. Natasha inclined her head, her mouth thinning the only indication that she didn't appreciate Steve's slightly cynical comment.
“Beloved.” Thor's eyes were damp. “Only my mother ever called me that.”
“Trust me.” Sam held up a hand. “While you were busy chatting up Nat and catching up with your ancient war buddies, Tony didn’t take his eyes off you.”
“Stark.” Natasha replied, watching Steve’s face. “Somehow he ended up at Tony’s place.”
“Holy shit,” Tony breathed. “That is fucking huge.”
tell you, Steve. The reality is that sometimes there are things that I can’t tell you.”
“Unless it was a ‘mergency,” Lila added.
“No!” Tony took the stairs up from the workshop two at a time. “Let him in!”
! Why would you agree to this?”
It was only then that he realized that he was looking at them all through the slits of the mask, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s information stream sliding past his gaze.
Tony nodded. “Vision, we could use your help with this,” he said.
stand up.
Tony was dying to know the story behind that exchange. Sam’s shoulders hunched up around his ears. “You need to stop being so over-protective,” he muttered.
Tony staggered under his weight and maneuvered them to the ground, his back against the wall. Tears ran down his face as he felt Bucky shake apart in his arms. If the only comfort he could offer was this, then his ass could turn numb and he wouldn’t move.
When Tony stepped out of the elevator, Natasha punched him in the stomach. He doubled over, wheezing and clutching his belly.
Thor stepped towards Loki, caution in every line of his body. “Brother?”
“Fuck.” Tony scrubbed at his face. “I’m so fucking bad at this.”
Tony held up a hand. Strange narrowed his gaze. “You wish to say something?” His tone was arch. Tony wanted to kick him in the balls. Magic sucked. He nodded, and Strange waved his hand once more.
Bruce stared between them. “What’s going on?” he asked.
Clint, Rhodey, Wanda and Sam had been watching this. “I swear, it’s better than tv,” Sam said to Rhodey.
“I always say eat, drink and be merry, for today we may die,” Thor lifted the jug in a toast.
Sam just sank down, dropping his forehead to the table. “It’s humiliating is what it is,” he said to the floor.
Fuck him.
“Yeah, not really helping your case here, Stark,” Bucky drawled.
Tony inclined his head. “And I assume these are your new best friends?” He looked around at the three men and one other woman watching them.
Vision’s cool gaze moved back to her and Steve felt it as a physical slap. “Mr. Stark has spent months attempting to make the units smaller and more portable. What you have in here is a prototype.” He looked at Steve. “And a few other items.”
“Remember that meeting I had earlier?” Tony rubbed at his yes. “Well, it was with Thaddeus Ross. I thought I’d managed to put out a wildfire.”
Steve sat on Bucky’s other side this time. “He’s very dramatic.”
“Yes,” Vision said, moving closer. “But perhaps you could…” He pointed at one section of the formula.
Steve rolled his eyes. “You two are so bad at this,” he said.
“Steve.” Sam’s low warning came a moment too late as bloody tendrils twisted around his temples, magic shoving into him like a million knives. He shouted, arching up as Wanda tore into his brain, shredding love and memory in tissue-paper ruby.
“Colonel Rhodes did, boss,” Friday said, sounding far too chipper for this time of the day. “He said, and I quote, ‘get your lazy ass out of bed, Tones.’.”
“Oh my god,” Rhodey’s eyes were wide with horror. “Why is it always me that has to deal with your kinky shit?”
going to forgive me, Tony. I can be pretty stubborn when I want something.”
Steve barely refrained from rolling his eyes. “I’m saying that my mind and body aren’t two separate things, you asshole. I’m saying that if I sleep with you, I’m going to fall in love with you.”
“You been living under a bus, Rogers?” Clint asked, towel swung around his neck as he approached. “The Mandarin is some lunatic who’s bombed a bunch of places. He’s seriously crazy.”
My hand is much better :D So hopefully I'll be getting back to weekly updates. Thanks for hanging in there...I hope you enjoy
“Well, well, I know this road,” Tony mused as he paused on the video. He straightened. “I know that car too.” Steve closed his eyes, braced for the betrayal. “It can’t be,” Tony whispered. “Is that him? Is that really Bucky Barnes?” He didn’t sound angry.
Everyone blanked at him.
“We’ll miss you,” Tony assured him, looking between Thor and Vision. “Both of you.”
Tony glared at him. “You want me to talk to a tree?” And yes, the Avengers had seen a fair few crazy things but so far the other side had been capable of speech.
“It is,” Steve agreed. Sam and Rhodey weren’t even pretending not to listen. Tony watched Steve’s face. There was some kind of inner struggle going on there. Tony had learned to read Steve’s face. It was pretty easy if you were a certified genius who’d spent most of his life trying to be someone you weren’t.
“Rude,” Tony muttered. Then he slumped against the workbench. “Have I been that obvious?” he asked, chewing on his thumb nail.
“You’re being a douche,” she told him.
“Capsicle, your Brooklyn bad-assness is showing. Did you kiss your mamma with that mouth?” Tony chided, but his eyes danced. Steve had missed him
“I was there for a lot of it,” Rhodey reminded him.
“Tony, I’m not ready.” Bruce stood too.
“Rumlow. I want him dead.” Clint’s mouth was tight.
“You speak of the time-travelling,” Thor boomed, coming up behind Clint, Jane and Darcy on each arm. “That was a most interesting few weeks.”
“How come when you make Mama Rhodey’s cure it always looks more lethal than the cause?” Tony complained.
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “I won’t run again, Tony. I swear. Whatever happens from now on with the Accords and the UN and whoever comes through the next tear in space, I won’t leave.”
“Steve?” Bucky put a hand on his arm and Steve froze. It was the second time that Bucky had touched him willingly. Like his smiles, Steve was counting this too.
Steve’s mouth was flat. “Don’t die.”
Tony snorted. “Birds and stones, Charles.”
Tony gave a watery snort-laugh into Vision’s neck. It was a particularly accurate description.
“It was excruciating.” Loki’s voice was dry as dust. Tony really didn’t want to like the sarcastic asshole.
Sam flinched, but Crowley was too busy watching Dean. “Oh, Squirrel, would that I could believe you.” He turned to Steve. “I will allow three of you to get in there and get the job done. And none of them can be a Winchester.”
Steve started laughing at Tony’s chagrined expression.
Steve felt his shoulders loosen for the first time in weeks. “It’s good to see you, Hawkeye.” He shook Clint’s hand. “I hear you’ve missed the action.”
“Like you, we’re an acquired taste,” Clint said with a grin. Dean tipped an imaginary hat at him.
“It’s not a spell,” Tony repeated.
Thor and Loki were at Tony’s heels. “Is that the Aether that you speak of?” Loki asked. “We made sure that it was contained.”
Something moved behind Wanda’s eyes, something dark and angry. “I did what I did to all of you,” she said, tone flat. “I showed him his greatest fear.”
“And?” Tony prompted, still confused.
Tony did
“Natasha, Clint and Sam?” Steve pulled on one of Tony’s t-shirts. It was a snug fit but he wasn’t in the mood to waste time going to his rooms.
, it was the Winter Soldier.”
Her laughter shook the universe. “No, Tony, I am not
And work out a plan of action.
Tony popped a caramel into his mouth. “I’ve got to find out where the President gets these,” he told them, grinning around the sweet.
Bucky opened his mouth and Steve quickly clapped a hand over it. “No!” He glared at Clint who looked like he wanted to speak. “We respect you too much.”
Tony shook his head. “You are such a goddam fake, Banner.”
Thor held out a small silver box. “The All-Father told me to give this to you. His words to me were, “Give the Man of Iron this from me. Tell him that he has no need of his artificial heart.” And here it is.” Thor shoved the box into Tony’s hands.
“There are two of us to keep you from suffocating us with your emotions.” Bucky’s mouth curved in a smirk. “I’m sure Stark and I can manage your clingy self.”
He stared blearily into the mirror. He looked a lot less haggard than he’d been expecting. Clearly that old adage about sleep being good for the complexion was true.
“I was a mess.” Bucky had never been the sort to beat around the bush. “I was remembering things in patches, bits and pieces that wouldn’t fit together.” He took a deep breath. “Tony let me be. He didn’t push.”
The universe blinked, and Steve forgot what had gone before. This was his life now. This time was his created thing. And he was happy.
Bucky didn’t look away from Steve’s face. “I’m fucking broken, Stevie.” His voice broke on a sob. “Such a fucking mess.”
“They all still here?” Tony asked, closing his eyes again, blocking out the light that suddenly filled the room as the blackout curtains were opened.
Tony’s eyes were very dark. “It sounds like whoever messed with Bucky created themselves the perfect sub.” He sounded grimly furious.
what Clint had been trying to say earlier.
She smiled, all sharp teeth and wickedness. “Race you?”
“Assemble!” Tony called, making jazz hands. Natasha’s gaze could have skewered him on the spot. He took a step towards Steve. “Don’t let her torture me before she kills me,” he begged.
“Seriously.” Tony propped his hands on his hips. “Enough with the cryptic and just tell me what to do.”
“You got some sleep.” Bucky’s rumble startled Steve out of his musings.
“Do you have stuff?” Steve asked, eyes very blue and cheeks slightly flushed. He was the most gorgeous thing Tony had ever seen.
Tony’s eyes blinked open, the pupils wide.” What..?” he stared up at Steve. “Cap?”
It was sort of tragically beautiful.
“When he’s ready, he’ll let us find him.” Steve hoped. Prayed. He missed Bucky like a limb. Now that he knew his best friend was out there somewhere, it ached.
Strange lifted his gaze. “And you feel obliged to save the Asgardian realm because…?” There was an intensity behind those eyes.
“No!” Tony wailed. “I’ll dieeeeee!”
He headed for the Quinjet, determined to get the answers to the questions he should have asked a long time ago.
Bucky's shoulders shaking were the only indication that he was laughing.
“Magic isn’t mathematics, Tony Stark.” Strange gestured for him to take his hand again. “Now come, let us get this done.”
“I know,” Tony said. “But I didn’t want it to get any bigger than it was. I thought I’d managed to cut off the head.” He winced. “That sounded way too much like Hydra.”
“Be happy, my doctor,” she crooned. “You shall no longer age as mortals do. Part of my gift to you is the fragment of a star that beats in your chest. You will keep our captain company for millennia to come. You are mine now as my captain is mine.”
“Mr. Stark hasn’t regained consciousness yet, Captain Rogers.” She added, “He has been unresponsive for five minutes.”
Tony did a little jig. Bruce and Bucky looked unimpressed. “Please, you know these moves are smooth,” Tony said.
He put the bottle of water down on his nightstand and turned onto his side, staring out at the endless Malibu night through the wall of glass that made up his window.
well.
“I’m the team leader, sir,” Steve said. “I will always put the safety of the planet ahead of our own. In this case however, nothing has happened yet. All we have is conjecture, bad internet information and some dodgy intel from strangers.” He sent an apologetic look  at the Winchesters. “I reckon the hope of Jane and Wanda discovering something is worth the risk of them leaving for Asgard.” He waited, watching Fury.
“Don’t cheat, you fucker!” Bucky bellowed at him as the metal armor flew towards him, blanketing him in enough protection that even the Winter Soldier wouldn’t be able to get to him.
“You just never stop, do you?” Sam chuckled, running a thumb over the skinny boy almost half the size of the other one. “No wonder they chose you to get the serum.”
Steve laughed. Bucky seemed almost himself here, sparring on a mat in a gym.
The flight across the pit took longer than expected. Apparently time and distance moved a little differently here. Tony wondered how long they had actually been down here.
“On pain of
“Which dickhead are we talking about?” Natasha enquired. “I’m not sure I want to meet any more dickheads.”
“I repeat,
He didn’t realize that he’d asked the question out loud until Natasha replied, “Tony has a way of getting people to think along his lines. And most of the time they end up thinking that it was all their idea anyway.” Natasha still wouldn’t look at Steve.
“Awesome.” Tony was sort of pissed that he’d missed it. That reminded him. “I left a bag full of stuff on the platform.” He shampooed his hair, massaging his scalp. “Make sure that all gets down to my lab, okay?” He hadn’t left Jotunheim
“No matter what,” he promised thickly. Sleep came quickly after that.
“I sincerely doubt it, brother,” Loki dropped his head onto the back of the sofa. Steve really hated the dramatics that seemed to accompany the Asgardians. He loved Thor, but between his booming declarations and Loki’s slimy insinuations, he was about done. “The Midgardians cannot agree that this book is the one true prophecy.”
Thor nodded, smiling back at Tony. “I believe what Tony is saying is that he is an acquired taste.”
Wanda smiled. It wasn’t a pretty sight on that beautiful face. It was malice and hate and vindictive delight. “Why, he killed you all, of course.” Steve wondered how he’d missed this. How had he not seen that this woman still hated Tony?
Tony shook his head. “Not my field of expertise. But I have a friend who….” He thought of mad, sad Bruce. “I’ll have to try find him, but he’s the one who can help you with that.”
Tony looked over at Thor. “Is he serious?” he asked.
“Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck scale, which then triggers the Deutsch proposition. Can we agree on that?” There was a tinge of hysteria in Tony’s voice as he paced the boardroom. Steve watched him as he shoved his hands through his hair.
Clint walked in about five minutes later. “Your lady
Bucky cocked a hip against Tony’s workbench, a subtle alliance with him. “Let’s not forget the assassinations, mass murder and general destruction.”
” Skurge said.
Tony wondered just how much he should tell them. “I first got wind of the SRA thanks to some old school buddies who are part of the wheels of the Congress machine,” he began. “With the whole world knowing that I’m Iron Man and the shitstorm that resulted from Ultron, they’ve tried to keep me posted with what’s going on.”
“You are so full of shit,” Tony muttered, realizing that the asshole was messing with him. “You’re almost as irritating as Barton.”
Crowley indicated his immaculate suit. “Does this look like an outfit to wear in the Bog of Eternal Stench?” He clearly expected an answer.
to you?” Steve repeated, sounding like a stuck record.
The sort of happy ending.....
Thanks for the comments and kudos. I hope you enjoy.
Tony burped. “Bloody Mary without the booze,” he said, tipping his glass towards Bruce. “I’ve not had anything to drink since I got here.”
Thor chuckled. “There is nothing my father likes better than showing Asgard off to visitors.”
“The time for talking was when Tony came to you in Siberia,” Rhodey said. “You left him there knowing that the suit was broken.”
Tony watched him go. It was a beautiful thing. Almost as perfect as watching him come. Aaaaaand he was
Tony wanted to roll his eyes. “I’m going to lock you and Strange up in a room for a week and maybe one of you will come out making sense.”
“You have
Loki took another swig of beer. “Caramel?” he pushed the bowl of sweets towards Tony with a boot.
They all looked at Tony in expectation. “Jotunheim.” He grinned at the surprise on their faces. “Right? I went to the land of the Frost Giants. It was cool.”
Steve stumbled a little. He hadn’t really needed the confirmation of his suspicions.
staring!”
“You’re fucking with me now, aren’t you?” Tony asked, eyes narrowed in suspicion.
“He’s great in the sack,” Bucky slurred against his skin. “Shut the fuck up and let me sleep.”
“What did you do with Rhodey?” Tony took a threatening step towards Loki.
This is therapeutic in a very strange way.
“Again,” Tony sighed. “It’s getting tiresome. We should just let them have it.” He slumped back into his seat.
T’Challa looked at him. “Are you so arrogant that you suppose that you are the only one who feels that he needs to make amends?” He shook his head. “You are a man, Captain. A super-man, perhaps, but nevertheless fallible and imperfect. You have made grievous mistakes in your quest to free your friend from the consequences of his own actions in the past, no matter that he was forced to comply.”
Tony tried to glare. “Fuck you.” He whined when Bucky pushed a finger into him alongside his tongue.
“What the fuck?” It was so unusual to hear Bruce swear that there was instant silence in the infirmary.
going to happen. Not this time.
“That sounds remarkably familiar,” Tony said. He’d had to learn the hard way too. He rubbed his chest, touched the scars left behind from the arc reactor.
real.”
Crowley clasped his hands together. “Well, then. Are we ready?”
He bent down and kissed Tony back.
“How did you do that?” Bruce was on his feet a moment later, running his hands over the armor.
Tony put a hand to his chest. “I don't snore.” J.A.R.V.I.S. might have had something to say about that but J.A.R.V.I.S. wasn't here. In fact J.A.R.V.I.S. wasn't anywhere, Tony thought. He should probably check in on Vision sometime. He was sort of his kid, right?
“I would call myself a synthesized life form,” Vision replied.
“Steve, you are not responsible for the decisions every person on earth makes.” Natasha sounded impatient. “Now step down off that cross and help us figure out what to do next.”
Tony caught a movement from the corner of his eye. Bucky and Bruce stood watching him. “We have company,” he told Steve.
Bruce propped his elbows on the bar next to Natasha. “Hey,” he protested mildly. “I’ve not Hulked out in a while now.”
“You’re the second scariest person I know,” Tony confessed.
Loki shook his head. “We needed the Infinity Stone. I need to atone. The Collector had a price. It is done.”
“It’ll be good to see him,” Steve said.
Barnes. A spiteful thought had been because he was part robot himself, but he’d put that away quickly when he’d heard Barnes scream out at night, woken from some sort of terrible nightmare.
seen him terrified.
“You’re all hilarious,” Steve told them, grabbing Tony’s hand. “We’ll see you later.” He towed Tony behind him, heading for the elevators with Bucky bringing up the rear.
Tony let the faceplate slide back and exchanged a glance with Steve. “I’ve got a bad feeling about this,” he said. The armor slipped back into place, locking into the bracelets with a quiet snick.
“No shenanigans in public places,” Rhodey added.
It was much later that Tony finally got a moment to himself. He left Steve, Bucky and the others in the living room, escaping to the shower.
~~~~~~
“You just saved our world, Asgard, and god knows how many other realms.” Steve shook his head. “When are you going to start believing in yourself?”
“What the fucking fuck just happened?”
~o0o~
“I sincerely doubt that,” Coulson murmured. “If I know Dr. Banner then he’s been trying to figure out how you did it.”
Oh and a kiss
“Would you be happier if I called you JFK?” Rhodey retorted as he man-handled Tony into the limousine.
Tony looked over at Barnes. “Do you even remember them?” He was curious. What HYDRA had done to Barnes was monstrous, evil in a way that even Obie hadn’t ever managed to achieve.
Pepper walked over to the non-descript man. He started speaking the moment he realized he had her attention, “Miss Potts, I’m Agent Phil Coulson with the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division—”
Steve looked at his phone. He’d called up Tony’s number about ten minutes ago. Another two weeks had gone by and he felt like he was lonelier than ever. Tony was the drum that echoed his thoughts. Tony’s cockiness pulled him out of his morose thoughts. He even missed the know-it-all attitude that drove him crazy.
Loki got slowly to his feet, face still white. “I think Asgard will do better to deal with Ragnarök alone. If we were to rely on you lot then we’d most surely die.”
After the fall. After the lie. After the hunt.
Tony scrubbed a hand over his face. “I don’t even know how to start.”
“That is pretty much the hottest thing I’ve ever seen,” Tony admitted. At once, two pairs of blue eyes returned to him.
“We have an agreement,” Sam said.
“Hit you.” Bucky’s words were slurring as he tipped over the edge into sleep. “Sorry.”
“What are you doing out of bed?” Steve demanded, chest tight with worry.
Steve closed his eyes. “Do you love him?” It wasn't the question he'd been planning on asking, but it was the one he blurted out.
Tony grinned. He was right. Bruce was totally his favorite. “Don’t you need me for….” He waved a hand at the screen. “Science-y stuff?”
Steve stared at him. “You need to see yourself the way that I do.” He looked up and met Bucky’s gaze. “The way that
“Tony?” Bruce stood in the doorway. “You okay?”
saying that you never gave any of us a chance to contribute to the Accords. You just presented them to us as fait accompli and expected us to sign them within three days.”
Loki began laughing. ‘Oh gods, this is utterly perfect!” He ignored Thor’s angry glare and took a step towards Tony. “How is it possible?”
“It is a copy of the Accords, with a few amendments added,” Tony said. “I would appreciate your time as I go through my suggestions. The first change is marked by a red tab. If you can entertain me as I sum it up for you?”
“Richards is a fucking hack and if you let him anywhere near my….” Tony stopped. “I hate you.”
shouted at Tony.
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked Vision. “You were nowhere to be found when we left.” He glared at his errant Avenger.
And he stepped into the room with the bugfuck crazy god who he'd last seen trying to take over his world.
“Alrighty then.” Tony dragged the words out. “Since nobody knows anything, may I have this dance?” He held out a hand to Steve.
Shrugging while lying down just didn’t have the same effect, Tony thought. “Eh, as if your life has been so normal.” He watched Bucky’s face shut down. “Hey, no, don’t do that,” he said, lifting his other hand to push Bucky’s hair away from his face. “I’m thinking half-glass full about your sojourn as the world’s deadliest assassin.” He tugged on Bucky’s hair. “And don’t tell Nat that I called you that. She will
of him?” She shoved Barnes hard, taking him by surprise and making him stumble back. “You of all people….”
“Oh that’s a myth,” Crowley declared as he pushed a set of doors open. Bucky’s jaw was set like steel and Tony wanted to put his arms around him and hold him tight. “Not everyone who gets sent down here is a wicked person. Many of them have made deals with crossroad demons and are paying the price.”
hated the know-it-all. Not as much as Reed Richards, but close enough. “Why don’t you enlighten us then, Doctor?” He used the title like an insult.
Tony felt the tension increase in the jet to oh-god-we're-all-going-to-die proportions. Natasha sniffed. “You're all idiots. I'm in the goddam jet. I'm certainly not going to kill myself.”
Steve toweled himself dry, mind racing. “I was always taught that revenge is a dish best served cold,” he mused, shivering a little. “I think I’ll let Tony stew for a while. Let him worry.”
“I’m rescinding your Best Friend status,” Tony informed him. “Bruce, my goose, you up to the job?”
“Director Fury?” Steve sounded surprised.
“So that leaves one of the three of us,” Natasha said, looking at Bucky and Clint. “Should we settle this the old-fashioned way?”
, Steve,” Tony spat the words out, “has approved of our relationship. He says I deserve you.”
Natasha raised one shoulder in a shrug. “Don’t care.” She turned to where Clint and Thor were still struggling to hold the animal. “Just let me kill it,” she said, pulling out her truly terrifying knife. “That’ll stop the blood-letting.”
didn’t want to be talking about this. “Vision says I’m worthy of great love.” His eyes slid to the left, to where Bucky was sitting.
Again? Tony wanted that story.
“A vampire, wendigo, werewolf…” Dean rubbed at his eyes. “Purgatory isn’t the place the church has taught you to believe in.”
Tony threw his hands in the air. “Well, what the hell are you trying to say then?” he asked Bucky.
“You can take one of us over with you.’ Steve’s jaw was set in that delightfully mulish way that made Tony want to kick his ass.
He propped his hands on his hips. “Will someone please tell me what the fucking problem is, so that I can get to work on solving it?”
Jarvis sniffed. “I don’t intend on being a bottom-feeder forever, Tony.” He looked at Pepper. “Don’t you think ‘The Vision’ carries a certain gravitas?”
The Mind Stone popped out of Vision’s forehead, a boom of power laying them all flat. When Tony could focus again, it was to see Vision’s body lying on the floor, unmoving. “Viz?” he whispered. He crawled over to where Vision lay, body cold as always, but the spark of life so very obviously gone.
“That’s the real Tony.” Steve smiled, suddenly exhausted. “Damn. I fucked up. I miss my friend.”
When they’d all eaten and satisfied their various levels of coffee addiction, they made their way to the living area where a couple of battered duffels had been tossed onto a sofa.
Richards shook his head. “There is not enough money in the world to induce me to add you to my team.”
Rhodey kicked Tony hard enough that he knew it was going to bruise. He honestly didn’t give one single fuck.
“Both, I guess,” Steve confessed. “But Bucky is here, within touching distance, and while he’s not conscious yet, at least I can see him.”
“Well, you know it was my Rhodey-bear, but now that he’s not of much use, I’m going to say Bruce.” He ducked a swing from Rhodey with a laugh. “Aw, bubba, you jealous?”
“And that’s why he came directly to me,” Tony said. “He knows where the technology came from. He came to the source.”
Tony gaped at him. “You let them go?” He wanted to shout it at Steve, because seriously, didn’t anyone understand how fucking serious this situation was?
“I know,” Steve said. “But that guy badly wants to make up for his bad choices. So, what do you say?”
many shoes.”
Tony turned over onto his side, grabbing at Bucky’s arm and tucking him in behind him. “Not sleepy,” he muttered.
just Han Solo me.” Tony narrowed his gaze.
Tony felt almost obliged to protest this. “Shut up, Rogers. I am not cute. I am the opposite of cute.”
“They fucked him over,” Steve agreed, arms almost holding Tony together as he shook.
Tony shook his head. “He’s not come up for air since Bruce outed his crimes. I’ve got F.R.I.D.A.Y. keeping an eye on all channels to be ready for when he pops up again. And he will.”
Poor Steve.
“Have you been in Thor’s mead again?” Fury asked. “I have nothing to do with the Avengers Initiative.”
“He hates me.” Steve thought about the kiss and the immediate withdrawal after, Tony walking away as though it didn’t matter. The parallels to Siberia hadn’t been lost to him.
“What?” Tony panicked. “I was just messing around. There’s no possible way I could actually be from the future.” He really needed to stop fucking up.
He started running before she’d finished speaking, grabbing Loki by the arm, naked or not.
man?” Pepper mused.
Steve realized that Natasha’s real regret was that she couldn’t be with Tony right now. That she was stuck here with him and the others because of the choices she’d made. “I….”
“Peeeeppppp…” Tony reverted to whining when Pepper got that intractable look in her eyes. “But Bruce…”
Bucky concentrated on adding syrup to his pancakes. “I’m sure it’ll be fine,” he said, nodding his thanks when Wanda handed him a mug of coffee.
“What about the X-Men and the Fantastic Four?” Clint asked, passing Coulson a plate of sandwiches.
Tony actually rolled his eyes then. “Goddamn, fucking asshole, omniscient, wannabe fuck-with-my-head…” He wanted to kick something.
He rewound the recording of the loud declaration of Tony being Iron Man. It made no sense.
much. He’d never hoped for this. He’d lost his best friend and found him again. Found him in a way that was both new and familiar.
As leaves pour down, splash autumn on gardens
Steve smiled. “How is he?”
“Why do I always forget what an
“So we’re accepting this as fact?” Wilson asked them.
“Yes, mom,” Bucky mumbled around a huge bite. Steve nudged him with his elbow.
She sounded a little sad.
Fury’s eye blazed. “I called you here to have a rational discussion!”
expected you to be perfect.”
Tony sighed, rubbing at his eyes. “Of course I had doubts.” He looked up, meeting Hawley’s eyes directly. “Ross hates superhumans. Actual legitimate hate. He’s a racist in every sense of the word. So anything starting with him was going to raise every red flag in the book.”
“Well then, who have we here?” Loki’s smooth as silk voice interrupted them. Tony abso
“We returned him to the ice he was found in.” Thor met Tony’s eyes. “I did ask if that would be acceptable to you, my friend, but you were not in a position to answer me.”
“And that means Nick Fury as well, do you hear me?”
“Let me help,” Barnes said, indicating the wheelchair. “I want to help. Please.”
“Fuck you, Rogers. I already told you that he was safe with me! I know that he’s been through hell and come out the other side.” Tony spat.
” he said. “
Tony looked at Bucky. “A wager, perhaps?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Can we please get back to the problem at hand?” Bruce asked, clearly desperate to move the conversation to something he felt more comfortable with, like the end of the universe.
Vision shrugged. “I do not have emotions as humans do. Desire is not a thing that consumes me. The Mind Stone is safe within me.”
“Such an asshole,” Tony sighed, dropping his head back down to the pillow. “Have you just been lying here staring at me, you giant creep?” he asked.
Vision nodded. “You are unharmed, Tony. It was an episode of angina, not a heart attack as F.R.I.D.A.Y. erroneously surmised.”
Rhodey nodded. “And what are the rest of you going to do?” he asked.
“I get saddled with the treasure’s other boyfriend,” Bucky fired back.
A perfectly arched eyebrow rose. “You don’t think I can handle more than one thing at a time?”
Steve fell to the floor of the Quinjet, sucking desperately at air. “What…?” He lifted his head slowly and struggled to focus his burning eyes.
Coulson gave him a flat look. “Really, Tony? Magic?”
” His sigh was hard enough to blow Tony several steps back. “
Steve felt his mouth curve. It felt so good to have Bucky with him again. Every minute it felt more like
Natasha’s mouth curled a little. “Laura is going to make him suffer. At least there will be some entertainment.”
“Yet,” Tony added, because he was a petty, petty man.
But he stayed there in Tony’s arms, smiling at him.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Old people sex?” If Laura had any sense of self-preservation, she would have not elaborated.
“And what do you want me to swear to you?” Loki was calmer now, as though he knew what was coming.
Tony’s face sobered. “I know, Steve. I swear, I won’t do anything to jeopardize you or the team,” Tony promised.
Steve was practically seething. “We've been combing the area for hours,” he gritted. “And we're no nearer to finding out where...”
Steve decided not to bring up the last trip Tony had taken to space. He still had nightmares about it. He had no doubt that Tony did too. “So I’m assuming that stealth isn’t really what we’re going for?” Steve asked instead.
Steve lay down next to him, eyes on Tony’s face. “Bucky looks like he plans on taking his time,” he said. His eyes flicked between Tony and whatever Bucky was doing.
Chapter 98
Breathing a sigh of relieve she passed through the gates, waving at her brother who was standing next to their car.  Her smile turned to shock as what could only be part of the President’s security detail appeared out of the darkness.  Sam was quickly subdued, thrown to the ground and handcuffed, whilst she was held tightly by the only two women on the team.
“Andre, Alpha Rogers was kept waiting this morning as Pepper took to long with her hair and makeup, he has left it to us decide on a style but it must be low maintenance, he refuses to be kept waiting again.”
Tony squirmed on his lap clearly uncomfortable, his hands trying to push away from the full diaper, but Steve was not finished with him yet.  Turning him so that he was straddling his thighs he reached down to release his cock, his thick member sprung up to lay against the front of the still warm diaper precum dribbling out.   Pulling off the mittens he placed Tony’s hands over his cock holding him firmly in place against his chest with a strong arm round his waist.
“What are we going to do about Nat, do you think she is even alive?  Are we ever going to be able to find that world again and attempt a rescue mission?  Bruce you dealt with Strange and the science of it all last time, is it possible?  I need to know l can’t just abandon her if there is a chance no matter how minuscule.”
“Bad girl Pepper, you will learn to behave and submit as yourself, or you may find Sex Doll making an appearance at the next board meeting.  You are my wife now and due to the papers that you unwittingly signed without reading as Sex Doll, you have handed all your money and holdings over to me and given me authority to act on your behalf on all matters of personal finance, I am also legally responsible for all decisions with regards to any medical treatment I feel that you require and we now have a dual passport that mean you cannot travel out of the country without me or without my permission.
Several months ago they had made it perfectly clear who they stood by and what they thought about his betrayal they had given him no chance to explain his side, after all once a playboy always a playboy.  There was no possible way that sweet innocent Steve Rogers/Captain America would ever cheat or hurt another person, would deny being in a relationship or fathering a child.
“Thank you Doctor, I want my omega to experience as natural a pregnancy and birth as you can in this day and age.  I acknowledge that medical care has progressed vastly and am willing to use it if an emergency occurs during the birth of my pups.  My mother and Bucky’s Ma gave birth naturally and I want my omega to as well in honour of their memory.”
Mrs Pepper Hogan is indeed carrying our babies, having agreed to being our surrogate.  She is stepping down whilst on maternity leave but will be available is needed.  Ms Romanov has replaced her and I will also be taking an active role in overseeing the running of Stark Industries.  Tony will still be working on special projects, although on much reduced hours, so Stark Industries will continue to be the leading US Company and multinational.”
The second serum that I have developed along with having all the above has some additional adaptations that may be of interest.  Now if you turn your attention to the holo-screen I will go through in detail what you are viewing, and then you can make an informed decision.”
Natasha ran her fingers through Pepper’s long locks before fitting ear buds and taping her eyes closed.  She could still see a glint of anger and fight in Pepper’s eyes and the way her lips twisted as though she was going to protest.  It was going to be so much fun playing with Pepper, the silly bitch really thought she would be able to out -maneuver the Black Widow.  Natasha was a graduate of the Red-Room, Pepper had no idea of the training in mind manipulation that she had gone through.  Mountain Rise was a more sanitized version of the Red Room, she knew Dr Gottlieb had recognized her as she had him and Nurse Meyer, perhaps she’d offer her services when she needed to de-stress on occasion.
You can then fuck and mate him, he will not go into heat for three months so you will have plenty of time to explore your omega’s new body and test the limits of his stamina and flexibility.”
Tony tried to stand up and get out of the bath on his own but after a short struggle found it impossible to lift his leg over the side of the bath without overbalancing and slipping back into the water, the sides of the bath appeared to be a lot higher than a normal bath.  Nurse Mayer tutted as he slapped at the water in frustration, cursing out Steve and herself.
He pulls out allowing Tony to take in deep breaths of air whilst holding the back of his neck pressing on the tight bundle of nerves to calm the panicking omega.
Sarah found her mommy’s nipple easily this time, even though Steve could see that Tony was uncomfortable and winching as she suckled.  Still it would get easier with each feed Bruce said, it was natural and his omega just needed to relax and find the correct position so that Sarah was comfortable and latched onto the whole teat.
“Come along sweetheart Happy is waiting to park the car, also we need to let the press get some good shots of you and a few sound bites.  Now remember to keep your eyes lowered if you are not looking at me and stay close by my side and do not answer any of their questions, leave it to me.”
“Mmmm, mmmm  ohh so good, Steve don’t stop.”
Steve thrusts slowly in to the tight heat of his omega’s cunt, Tony’s juices lubricating his still small channel enough for Steve’s over large cock to move.  Taking his time, he fucks his omega to the brink of orgasm then stops when he feels his knot starting to swell, only to start again when he has gained back control paying no attention to Tony’s sobs and pleas.
“You always have to do everything the hard way Loki, the gag will be removed once the pup born,
"How?" Natasha couldn't wrap her head around this information. She was damn good spy. She was the best of the best. How could this have escaped her?!
"Tony I need you to call for help."
For a single moment Peter's eyes had clarity as he took his final breath.
"Yes, he is!" Tony was cried. "It doesn't matter what the medics do! You saw! He was gone! And I'm the one who did that to him Steve! He has the hole in his chest because of me! I shot my repulser at him point blank! That was no accident! I wanted to kill him. It was my goal. He was a villain who killed people and I just wanted to bring those people justice!"
"D-d-daa." Peter slurred, eyes wondering and unfocused.
"You couldn't have known! He kept it from us! We didn't know!"
Now staring at his creation, he wanted nothing more than to destroy it. He had more than a half a mind to pull the clean slate. In fact, the order was on the tip of his tongue.
He wasn't as good as them, he knew that now. Why else would Shield put a hit on him? He wasn't good enough. Obliviously, he didn't save enough people, he didn't train hard enough, he couldn't be a better super hero. They'll see the failure he was. Peter wasn't ready. The looks of pity and being pathetic.
It's been two months since there was hit put out for his head by Shield. Dead or alive, Spider-man must be brought in. Because of what, Peter didn't know. Spider-man was hunted but not only Shield but the Avengers too.
A mirid of emotions flitted across his omegas face, teary eyes and a small nod of his head gave his acceptance of the truth the he had spoken.
Steve took his time rubbing moisturising cream in to Tony’s skin, caressing and gently squeezing the soft layer of fat now covering his tummy and thighs, he couldn’t resist running his hands back up over the soft puffy flesh of his omega’s tiny developing chest, noting how Tony’s nipples hardened as he teased the tender nubs.  Male omegas didn’t have fully formed breast like females, their pecs were soft and fleshy, nipples sensitive to any kind of stimulation.
“Strike one!”
A few minutes later he watched as the snotty bitch’s eyes lost their focus as she slumped against her husband, the teacup falling to the floor.
“No, Dad don’t praise her, it should be me, it should be me!   Oh god, please, please Dad I promise to make you proud.”
Tony muffled scream could be heard by both of his Alphas as they knotted him mouth and asshole, Steve loved how wanton and needy his omega sounded as his knot swelled, filling Tony’s mouth, his cock unloading thick fast streams of cum straight down his throat.  Winter smirked at him as he grabbed their omega’s hips, slamming his own knot past the swollen puffy rim of Tony’s asshole, knot pumping his own cum, coating the omega’s clenching passage, the force of his thrust pushing Steve’s cock further down the omega’s throat.
“Tony, hands and knees now, sweetheart.  I am going to fuck your hole until you come just on my knot.”
For a genius he knows absolutely nothing about omega heats.
Poor families with an omega child could make enough money to set them up for life if they managed to keep the omega pure until of an age to attend a betrothal market.
There was nothing he could do but comply, in the exposed glass elevator he was fair game to any Alphas that were using it at the same time, usually he took the stairs if it was only a few floors, but he had been so flustered by all the staring and lewd comments that he hadn’t even noticed there was someone else in the elevator.
Steve starts fucking him harder his hand thrusting in and out of Tony’s bent body, watching as his wrist and then forearm disappear into Tony’s body. Rotating his hand, he bumps his knuckles time and time again against his omega’s prostrate paying no heed to the cries for him to stop, he can feel every jerk and grind of Tony’s body as he unconsciously bares down on his Alpha’s fist.
“Captain Rogers, as the primary judge in this competency hearing I declare that Mr Anthony Edward Stark does not have the mental capacity or competency to make decisions in regards to his mental and physical medical needs or in the running of Stark Industries.  It is the decision of this court that he be placed under your Conservatorship with the added caveat that Ms Potts remains as CEO of Stark Industries and signs off on all major decisions you make in relation to Stark Industries.
Tony was nervous as he stepped onto the scales, he was aware that he had gained weight over the last few weeks but at times he still struggled with accepting that it was perfectly healthy for him to have a soft rounded stomach, fleshy hips and a butt that would rival Kim Kardashian’s soon.  His appetite had increased phenomenally from the days when he could barely eat a protein bar and drink a smoothie.
Next chapter  should be the doctor's examination and the Maria Stark Gala Event.
“Hmm you might want to turn the heating up in the communal areas if you are going to keep him naked, also I would suggest that along with the large quantities of cum that he is ingesting you supplement his diet with the same amount of high quality omega meal replacement, especially if you breed him.
“That’s it, be a good little patient and take your medicine, make sure you get every drop, if any escapes them we will need to repeat the procedure again until you have had the full dose.”
Loosing himself in the absolute triumph of reclaiming his omega, his didn’t stop pounding Tony’s holes for hours. His rut made him  almost oblivious to Tony’s screams and tearful begging,  at some stage in the night he caught the scent of omega heat hormones and truly lost all sane thought.
Tony groaned at the thought of forcing down the bland tasting mush and the thick liquid shake but he knew that Steve would discipline him for any infraction in regards to his feeding schedule, having been spanked this morning for pushing away his breakfast he did not want to risk another spanking, whilst the punishments were light compared to pre pregnancy  discipline, it still smarted and made it uncomfortable to sit for a while.
The Quinjet was speeding back to the tower under the expert hands Hawkeye, Steve had been insistent that they return as soon as the latest incursion of Doom Bots had been dealt with.  He was worried for the safety of his mate and pups, even though he knew that between Jarvis and Winter any threat would be swiftly dealt with.
He makes love to Tony  every night, some time’s soft and slow other time’s hard and fast, always plugging his loose hole afterwards, Tony doesn’t question him why anymore after suffering Steve’s sad puppy dog eyes and firm voiced,  ‘because it pleases me’.  He knows that Tony doesn’t even register that Steve uses his Alpha voice on him frequently.
Chapter 73
Now turn slowly, I want to see all of you.
But he has forgotten that is what he did when he first became Captain America, you ever heard of the phrase ‘Fake it until you make it.”?
“Mmmmm, just as tight as I remember, miss the old days where you were a good little cock slut and did everything you were told, perhaps I will take you back, after all Captain Roger’s wont want dirty used goods!”
Steve wasn’t happy that Judge Edwards was going to be alone with Tony, but he knew that if he and Pepper wanted full and final control of Tony and Stark Industries, he would have to allow the Judge some leeway with his baby boy.
“You’re mine now, I own every part of you, mind body and soul, you will do whatever I say whenever I want, an Omega of your status and position should have been fucked, knotted, claimed and kept full of babies, years ago
You are such a sweet little thing, sitting there all dolled up for me, my good boy.
At this point he had lost his temper and told his Alpha he could ‘always fuck off and find some simpering, whiney submissive bitch to knock up and live happily ever after with.’
Is there anything else that l can help you with today, we have finished early so l have 45 minutes before my next shoot.”
Bucky hid his face in Steve’s shoulder after being pulled in to a tight hug, praying that Steve would mistake his shaking for fear and not the laughter he was trying to hold inside, everyone so far was pushing Steve in the direction he wanted him to go without him having to do anything drastic.  Steve was a stubborn fucker and rarely changed his mind once he had made a decision, but if you threatened what he felt belonged to him he would go to any lengths to protect it or them.
“You are going to  remain as Pepper until after the baby is born, no more escaping behind Sex Doll, you have proved time and time again with your body’s reactions that you are a sex slut and get off on being dominated and humiliated.  Now it is just a case of your stupid brain catching up with the program.  Intensive training 24/7 from now on, you won’t fool me again.
“Ummm, Daddy buys them now, but Pepper did.  Happy gets me burgers, I like burgers but Ste ..Daddy says bad food.”
Steve’s burning Alpha eyes that last thing he saw before he passed out.
Steve watched and adjusted his cock as the designer clothes gave way to more risqué lingerie. He could spot the moment Tony became aware that the black mesh thong would reveal to the world that he did not have a cock.
Still tall, dark and deadly, but there was none of the manic and maleficent aura
The nano bots reformed trapping her lower legs against her thighs and releasing her arms so that she could crawl on her hands and knees. The vibrations increased with every step, by the time she was shoved into her kennel, she was keening with need, the smell of her arousal set off the hounds as she curled up on her bedding.
“May, since you profess to wanting to be such a good bitch, Hulk is going to come down your throat and you are going to take every drop without any fuss or stupid meg hysterics. You want to be a pregnant meg, then you will have to earn it, you want what Ben couldn’t give you don’t you?
Now if this were to be removed the bone ends would need to be touching for regeneration to take place and the bones would be shorter by that missing bone length.
“Stop your weeping foolish omega, Odin had the final say in the matter, none of your future bastards will have tainted Jotun magic only pure Asir if the Norn’s wish it.  Thor wanted to allow you to keep your healing magic, but Odin forbade you any magic in case you used it against Thor or your Pack.”
Pepper signed off on the last document a small secretive smile gracing her lips, glancing briefly across at Captain Rogers she noted the slight upturn to one corner of his mouth and the minute nod of acknowledgement.  Placing to platinum fountain pen to one side she slid the documents into their leather case before passing them across her desk to the Centre’s lawyer who had accompanied the Conditioning Centre’s Co-ordinator sitting opposite her.
“As is tradition omega fertility bands must be clearly on display at all times, nothing must cover them. Loki your body is your clothing on Asgard, you may use a carrying sash for the baby but nothing else must cover your skin unless I or Thor allow it.  I can see that your clit is being stretched and am looking forward to the day you can fuck yourself with it.
“Sweetheart you look absolutely beautiful and with this leash attached to your collar you will not be able to wonder off and get into trouble.
Thor you may have your pick of the court omegas to keep your bed warm tonight, Loki will be returned to you in the morning as l understand you have an appointment with the healers.”
Peter tugged at the hem of his dress, but it did nothing to cover up his exposed crotch.  The fine mesh panel on the front of his panties showed off clearly his lack of balls and his tiny stub of cock. He flushed as yet another worker’s eyes drifted from his breasts to stare at his sex as he rushed towards the elevator.  The mirrored doors mocked him as they closed, his dark curly hair had been tamed in to two plaits with blue bows, his blue checked gingham dress covered his backside, but the hem rose up at the front to expose his sheer panties. His nipples were barely covered by the white cotton frill that edged the low neck line, matching cotton frilly socks and red sparkly low heeled Dorothy shoes competed his outfit.
Jarvis do we have time to fuck him full again before he needs to return to his mommy duties?”
He finished wrapping Tony’s feet in the belt webbing made from his security officer uniform, it was crude but at least would protect the soles of his feet. Tony was wearing the t-shirt, which covered his stomach and upper thighs. It was the best they could do as the trousers were to tight round his waist, whilst swamping his shot legs.
Natasha screamed and screamed, her voice going hoarse in terror. Sam and Scott were on the ground, writhing and crying, blood streaming from their noses and ears as the pressure burst in the jet.  Steve couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t move.
“Ross created the Accords under a false premise.” Tony felt the rage welling inside him. “He didn’t want to manage us. He wanted to control us.”
Tony was almost too afraid to hope. He wondered whether he should be freaking out more, but he’d see so much crazy in his life that a time-travelling voice in his head was not the strangest thing to have happened to him.
The voice in his head startled him and he whirled to find its source.
“You left.” Natasha stated this as though it was an answer.
Bucky bit into Tony’s ass cheek with a nip that made Tony groan. He was discovering kinks he had not known he had. The other cheek was given the same treatment, along with a swipe of Bucky’s tongue.
Although having spent time with Bucky, he’d seen chinks in the facade he gathered around him like armor. He could recognize a damaged soul because it was like looking in the mirror.
“Okay then, we’ll play it your way for now,” Bucky said. “Nothing happens until we talk to Steve and figure out what he wants?”
“How do we know he’ll fix Tony then?” Steve edged closer to the bed, ignoring the low growl as he approached.
“You can’t stop it,” Ross stated.
Loki looked startled. “What do you mean?”
Tony cracked up. He couldn’t help it. He didn’t know how it had been possible to be without this, without them, for a week, let alone a year.
Jörmungandr inclined his head in agreement. “
“But you look so pretty in your red velvet suit, baby.” Tony made a kissy-face at him. “The green tie just brings out the color of your eyes.”
“Then it will not work.” Loki shrugged.
of my life choices right now.”
“Now that was unexpected.” Crowley stopped halfway across the gorge. “And very impressive.”
~o0o~
Han Solo.”
“Once I realized that your friend was as much a victim as my father was and that General Ross had ulterior motives in creating the Accords, I could not in good conscience support them.”
“Who are they talking about?” Steve asked Natasha.
“Thanks,” he said.
” The shocked expression on Jörmungandr’s face told Tony that this was a big fucking deal.
“You're a pain in the ass,” Vision interjected bluntly Tony gave a startled snicker. Rhodey was clearly a bad influence on Vision. “We put up with you because we love you.”
Happy America Day my US friends!
“Blackout, J,” he said as the doors slid closed behind him.
“Yeah, Fri?” He got off the bed and headed for the bathroom.
“I prefer the 'Other Guy'.” Bruce said, carefully not looking at Natasha.
Tony wiggled his bare toes. “I'm worse than anyone,” he announced. It was the principle of the thing.
“Tha’s so shad,” Tony mumbled into Bucky’s shoulder.
Tony’s eyes were on Steve the whole time, bright and desperate. His mouth dropped open as Bucky’s thrusts lifted him into the air. He reached out to grab Steve’s hand. The other hand went up and back around Bucky’s nape, pulling Bucky’s face into his neck.
Tony scooted away from him, almost ending up in Bucky's lap. “Jeez, Banner, and you let me hug you naked!”
“You say nothing.” Tony pointed a finger at Loki. “We will solve this when we solve this, or you can just get your ass back to Asgard and deal with your shit on your own.”
“Okay,” Tony said. “Then what?”
“I….” Steve’s face went crimson and then white. “I think I’m going to throw up.”
“Do you want to take this somewhere more private?” Steve asked, the hopeful tone belied by the heat in his gaze.
Tony was impressed with the fact that Natasha didn't stab him. “Come on then, Doc, this is where we get off.”
“You don’t know who gets the ticket for a trip down here?” Tony asked, desperate to get out of this room of rape and suffering.
“I think we should all agree to avoid angering Darcy and her Taser,” Bruce agreed.
It ends, not with a bang, well, perhaps some banging, but with a family.
“Call him.” Pepper came up behind him, put a hand on his shoulder. She’d come in for a meeting with Fury about some new Stark tech that everyone wanted and nobody had. It was good to see her.
“Access to Purgatory?” Steve asked, playing the straight man to Tony’s joker.
Sam nodded. “What he said,” thumbing at Rhodey.
“It hurts so fucking much, Steve!” Tony sobbed and clung to Steve’s shoulders in a desperate attempt to brace himself for the storm that was writhing within him. Steve was grateful for soundproofed rooms. He didn’t want to have to explain this to the rest of the team.
They stood when the door swished open once more and scurried out. Tony ignored the semi-apologetic glance the President sent him. He had to keep his eyes on this slippery son of a bitch.
“Tony.” Steve was literally on his last nerve.
Tony stuck his tongue out. “Denial isn’t only a river in Egypt.”
“You think I didn’t know you were looking for me?” Bucky’s smile felt like a gift. “Rogers, I knew you wouldn’t stop.” He looked out over the cliffs leading down to the sea. “It’s why I came here.”
“I knew about your buddy being the one who killed my parents,” he said. “Found out before you and Fury took SHIELD down.”
“You make a jest of everything, but much of your humor shields deeper emotions,” Vision murmured.
“I’ve always had someone to answer to, Tony,” Steve said, looking up at the blanket of trees as he swung gently in the hammock.
Tony was surrounded by people who were the epitome of cool. Right now he was the utter opposite of cool, with his sweat soaked shirt and his heaving chest. He was the kid that got picked last for the basketball team.
Clint raised a hand. “I can go.” He shrugged. “Not as if anything is happening here right now, and you can always call us back when you need us.”
“Yes,” he said, “How did…”
Tony noticed what appeared to be a light at the end of the tunnel. He ordered his brain not to make asinine comments about walking into the light. He was totally growing as a person.
“Stevie?” Bucky’s voice had him looking up. “You okay?”
“You look as though someone killed your puppy,” Natasha noted.
Steve couldn't suppress the snort of laughter. Clint did have his moments.
“Tact?” Clint suggested.
The small sounds of relieved laughter broke the silence.
“Who do you think chose the tie?” Tony shot back.
After applying gel, the doctor ran the scanner over Tony’s stomach, the 3D screen clearly showing two amniotic sacs each containing two foetuses, the sound of their rapid heartbeats filling the room.
Loki kept his eyes lowered as he stood before Odin, his heart beating fast as he felt old bastard circle him, peering at the baby and then tugging off his loincloth.  Brandt was passed to a waiting milkmaid, leaving him naked before all the court and guests.
Darcy screamed into her gag as her breasts caught fire, she shook with fear as Banner pinched her right nipple and slowly pierced the tip with another wide bore needle, the pain was excruciating as he deliberately took his time to push the needle down through her nipple before releasing the plunger.
Sorry this is not very long, but it has got me back writing.
The forced control training over the last five days has given us a satisfactory base to work with, enough to get us through the Inspector’s interview, no one will expect him to behave correctly when punished for the first time as an omega, so that is one less problem to deal with.  Keep him gagged and restrained and just agree with whatever the Inspector decides as a punishment, so that we can get him gone from the Compound as quickly as possible.”
Now before dinner l would like to introduce you to the new beta alpha of Stark Industry, she has agreed to be part of the ‘Omega for a night’ charitable auction we are holding and the winner will have the pleasure of her company for the whole of tonight, so start your bidding on the Stark pads at your table, the other participants will follow after and once all bids are made and the prizes given to their owner for the night we will sit for dinner after which will be the official presentation of Omega Tony Stark Rogers.”
This kind of behaviour is not acceptable, you will sit quietly and eat everything I give you or you will receive a further ten swats on top of the ten swats you have already earned.”
Wiping away his little one’s tears he placed a kiss on his forehead. After ensuring his favourite blanket was tucked round Tony he began the walk back to the centre. Once Tony was bathed, he would take great delight in showing his darling just how different his physical body was to what it was before.  He couldn’t wait to unveil his tiny cock and impress on him what would happen if he misbehaved.
A statement from Sark Industries was released the following day;
Tony groaned, as another contraction hit, this one longer and more painful, the time in between contractions was down to 3 minutes and he could feel the pressure on his cervix as the first baby moved into position.  Five hours of contractions and finally his body was ready, bearing down he began to push, crying out as the pain became more intense, he was aware of Loki wiping his sweat and tear stained face, slivers of ice being pushed between his lips.  He could hear the muffled sound of voices and laughter from the Alphas gathered round, to watch the birth, Loki’s hands suddenly disappeared, and the sound of slapping flesh and moans of pleasure filled the quietness between his contractions.
He was Captain America, Prime Alpha, Bonded and soon to be Father to a litter of pups. He would embrace the high standards he was held up to and that had been instilled in him by his mother and Erskine. He would ensure that his omega and pups adhered to them as well.  This would be how he atoned for allowing his emotions to over rule his usual sound judgement and common sense.
His girls were growing and the twin alpha boys, would be two in a month.  These hybrid pups were huge and he was in constant pain, due to his small size.
**************************************************************************
Steve spent a few minutes enjoying the slide of his cock between Tony’s slick cheeks as he sucked bruises across his shoulders and neck. Holding his omega’s bound arms with one had he reach between his legs with his other to pull the string of crystal beads back through his cunt lips up to his twitching hole.
Clint pinched and twisted Tony’s nipples, he couldn’t wait for their pet’s tits to be swollen with milk, his stomach huge with the Wolf’s pups.  It was one of the best days when Cap informed him that their suspicions about Tony being a Pet were true.
Steve groaned, collapsing onto Tony, his arms wrapping round him to turn them onto their sides, burying his face into his baby boy’s neck he sucked on the soft skin until a was swollen and bruised.
Within minutes he had accessed the vents and had made his way down to the omega’s workshop, the reinforced glass walls took longer than he liked to break and it was only due to his enhanced eye sight that he caught the movement on the far wall. Barrelling across the floor, shards of glass crunching under his boot he threw himself at the closing gap managing to grab on to the bare ankle.
“Peter get up on the bed, lay on you back, hands above your head and legs spread wide open.  So cute look at him blush Happy, don’t worry Peter I am going to take such good care of you, make you feel special, you want to be my special boy don’t you Peter? Want to be a good omega for your Alpha, yes?
Tony dropped, sheer panic racing through him, he would recognise the Captain’s alpha voice anywhere.
The President thrilled at the panic filled eyes staring beseechingly up at him, he may be the leader of the most powerful country in the world, but nothing beat the absolute power an Alpha had over their omega.
Bruce is going to send up blueberry pancakes and he has managed to hide the whipped cream from Clint, which means you can have it all to yourself.”
There was some concern for the arc reactor moving and making breathing more difficult, but the serum seemed to be slowly repairing his lungs, it could not regrow the missing parts of his lungs or sternum but it was slowly healing all the damage inflicted by hard living and being Iron Man.  The shrapnel in his heart remained unmoving, regulated by the arc reactor, Bruce, was of the opinion that it would be feasible to have the arc reactor removed after this pregnancy, especially as he had been able to breakdown and stabilise the various components of extremis so that the healing factor could be used on its own.
Steve guided Tony to stand in front of the podium, his hands possessively cradling his omega’s bulging stomach.
The formal Gala ended with the President’s speech, he left soon afterwards surrounded by his security detail, eager to get back to the White House where there was a certain young omega researcher on his staff who was about to become the new ‘First Omega.’  The independent, stuck up omega rights activist, who had previously blocked all his advances would pay dearly for all her sharp, snooty, bitchiness.  By the end of tonight she would be riding his knot, begging to be fucked full of pups.  There would be no more ‘I will never bond or let an Alpha knot me, I am a career woman and have no time for pups.  When I choose to find a partner, it will be a beta or base-line who will be my equal with none of that stupid Alpha posturing.’
“ Sweetheart don’t huff and scowl, it’s not as if Happy doesn’t know of your incontinence and that we usually age play 24/7.”
One week later the President introduced the new ‘First Omega’ to the American public. The petite omega with bobbed blond curly hair, was clad in a thigh length diaphanous omega sarong that started just below her ample breasts with their thick pierced nipples and matching brands, stood docilly beside him as the  cleverly edited video of him proposing and her accepting played for all the world to view.  Encouraging her to step forward to the microphone he soothingly stroked her neck as she read out a short statement;
There was nothing for hours but the repetitive thrusting of the dildos, taking him to the brink of orgasm only to stop and wait for his spasming holes to relax before starting the whole process again. When he was allowed to come there was the high of endorphins followed by the utter humiliation as he felt his bladder give and warm piss soak his crotch.
Steve rubbed his hands over his face trying to ease some of the tension he was feeling.
Once she had bottomed out Pepper started to gently thrust, ensuring that she nudged Peter’s prostrate with each thrust, building up the force and speed slowly until Peter was a sobbing and crying mess, begging for her knot, omegas were so easy to train if you were clever about it. Every Sark Industry omega that she picked was partially bonded to her before being fully integrated into the SI Pack, she knotted them all once to assert her dominance as head of the pack and then placed them in various departments, always in a low key role so that when an alpha wanted to make use of them they would not be missed, their silence meant they kept their well-paid job for an omega, and if they stupidly bonded outside of the SI Pack they knew they would immediately lose their job and all the extra benefits that went with it.  Tony had been stupidly blind to it all, to wrapped up in Iron Man and R&D, convinced that his instructions for Pepper to hire omegas and create an open friendly environment were being followed.
Tony had been to the White House and the Oval Office many times, but this was different, he had never before come as a bonded, owned omega, with no right to speak or even look anyone in the eye He walked behind his Alphas with his eyes lowered, ensuring that his leash never pulled taut or he tripped in the heels that Winter had insisted he wear.
