Castiel’s eyes were glazed, but he hadn’t taken any drugs. Even though he hated that boy, he couldn’t help but feel even more betrayed than before. He should’ve expected that much coming from Dean Winchester, the living eye candy everyone loved so much. But… if Dean really was his soulmate, why would he be kissing someone different? Didn’t he WANT Castiel to like him back?
“Dean has a soulmate!” Charlie blurted, covering her mouth with her hands when it finally came out. Lisa looked bewildered and leaned down, meeting Dean’s emerald green eyes. “Is this true? You told me you didn’t have one.”
Castiel sat peacefully beside him and watched as Dean opened his letter slowly. His eyes narrowed as Dean began reading.
Sam threw his phone down at the couch and approached Dean’s door. He knocked a few times and took a step back, the way girl scouts do at an odd-looking house.
He was solving the biggest problem of his life right now and he was starting to not care about finishing his math homework. Therefore, his gradings had dropped to Bs and Cs instead of As, earning him a visit from his teacher. “Mr. Novak, are you doing alright? You seem rather off lately,” the teacher walked up to him and set a paper with a red 69 underlined on the desk. “No, sir, my head isn’t in it,” Castiel answered truthfully with a sad smile.
Dean pulled Castiel along to the men's locker room. “You need to calm down. You're overreacting.” Football players filed in the room, some wondering what had happened to Dean and others just followed. Dean noticed them instantly, and one of his close friends came over and gave Castiel a glare.  “And… I don't know what you're talking about.” Castiel's eyes blazed with anger he couldn't contain. “You filthy liar!”
“That’s not right. The one I talked to in the meeting room isn’t the same person I see now.” Castiel was mostly talking to himself, but he talked out loud as if he wanted Dean Winchester to hear what he was thinking.
“But you proved to me that you didn’t,” Castiel chirped happily. Dean shook his head in disagreement and started washing his hair. “But you’re not real, so technically..”
Castiel felt oddly affected by the use of his last name. He felt as if Dean had used some sort of nickname like his siblings had given him and now it seemed weird to use his last name. “Yes, okay. Tell me why you left. Why you knew I was in the lake. Were you watching me??”
“Yes, you have, and that’s what confuses me!” Castiel exclaimed, staring at Dean. He remembered the many times that Dean winchester and his stupid friends had bothered him over the years, especially in Middle School. “In the meeting room, you were so kind. Now you’re back to being a jerk. Why?”
“Dean, you smell a lot better now!” Sam laughed, patting Dean’s wet hair. Dean couldn’t smile, even though he’d done it countless times before.
Dean threw the top of the box aside and sifted through the box’s contents. Inside was a letter enclosed in a crisp envelope.
The brothers worked together to paint the angel-summoning circle on the floor and Dean spread holy oil around it. He could easily take his lighter and catch the thing on fire, trapping the angel if it proved to be troublesome. Night had fallen upon the town they called home. The air was still cold despite the change of seasons and Sam found himself rubbing his palms together to stay warm.
The jock could’ve decided to meet him there, but secretly use it against him. There were so many possibilities and Castiel wished he could just focus on a positive one.
Charlie gave a Sammy-frown and left, sneaking around the corner so she could watch. Dean stood up and changed from a ball on the floor to a tall, dark, and handsome teenager with a very questioning lady friend on his hands. “Lisa, listen… I still have feelings for you, somewhat…” Dean returned to a middle school anxious boy confessing to his crush once again, “But my soulmate is worth it. I’m lucky enough to have one, and I’m sorry that you don’t, but there IS someone else out there for you. I’m sure of it. I think we should be over. Whatever we may have had is gone and we need to move on. Promise me you’ll be okay?”
Suddenly he couldn't feel his own arms and legs frantically trying to help him gain balance. He could only see a few of his nervously twitching fingers through the murky water. When he glanced up at the sky, all he could see was the darkness growing lighter and lighter. The only bit of sky that he could see with the only eye he kept open was a small fragment, obscured by the snow which had accelerated in its fall over time.
“Call me if it gets any worse. I’ll let you know when I’m on my way home.” Bobby replied, ending the line.
“No.” Dean answered honestly, keeping his eyes transfixed on the grass and snow below his feet. Castiel’s eyebrows showed the limitation of his anger. He had misinterpreted Dean’s reply. “I don’t think you’re crappy, or shitty, and you’re definitely not dumb.” Dean told him. “But…” Dean had finished typing on his phone and finished with, “you do seem like an outcast. According to Urban Dictionary, an outcast is - someone who doesn't belong in his main social area.”
“I’m not saying that isn’t true, but how do you know he isn’t a good person?” Charlie asked in deep thought. She ate some of her food during the long moment when Castiel couldn’t figure out anything to say. “He’s been bullying me, Charlie. Of all people, why the hell me?”
The kiss didn’t last as long as it seemed to, but after Dean gave Lisa a comforting hug he eyed Castiel across the hallway with a surprised look on his face. “I’ll see you around, Lisa,” Dean managed to mumble. She walked away, putting on a strong face for her peers.
“Your soulmate’s an awesome artist,” someone murmured to Castiel, glancing over his shoulder at the seventeen year old’s arm. Unique, beautiful designs worked their way up Castiel’s arm with bright, illuminating colors. Usually his soulmate didn’t write any messages. One or two a month, but each time it was only a word or two surrounded by some sort of design. Once, she wrote the word “exotic,” with wildflowers worked into the letters. Another time she wrote “mi amour” in calligraphy all inside one huge red and pink heart.
'Oh, my… I didn’t mean to write that. Sorry.' Castiel slammed his face in the pillow. How could he be so stupid?
“But you plan to, eventually, don’t you?” Charlie continued, crossing her arms in the passenger seat. “Of course. Well, unless something majorly bad happens. I’ve been planning to tell him at the dance, that’s for my twelfth clue, but I just…”
“That’s for me to know, and you to find out.” Dean winked at her, which hardly felt like charm, and turned his head as someone got into the backseat.
“Charlie!” Castiel whined. “Please, shut up, we’re starting to get weird looks.” He peeled his eyes off Dean Winchester and looked at the girl in a flannel beside him. “I don’t like that dumb jock. I have a soulmate, you know. One who communicates with me.”
Castiel sat on the steps of the large entrance to his school, resting his head between his knees. He made sure to keep his earbuds in his ears, listening to a variety of music from country to pop to rock. Castiel caught a glimpse of his wrist and saw his soulmate’s calligraphy appearing slowly.
“Be careful, Sammy. You know how dad doesn’t like soulmates, especially not dude ones. Don’t get your hopes up and don’t get attached,” Dean muttered under his breath, feeling Castiel clench the hem of his shirt. He rubbed circles in the boy’s back, showing a kind of gentleness he hadn’t shown anyone, not even Sam. It was similar, of course, but it just wasn’t the same. Sam scoffed when he noticed it, “And what are you doing? Not setting a very great example.”
Meanwhile, Charlie narrowed her eyes towards the table of jocks and kept in observation mode. She had a feeling she’d be conducting an experiment this afternoon.
Castiel took a deep breath, his heart racing as he stepped outside. Immediately the cold air stung his eyes and confined his lungs, making it even harder to breathe than before.
“Well, someone must help me set up the Winter Dance in the gym.” Michael muttered in irritation. He was seriously beginning to think of asking other upperclassmen instead of these buffoons. But he could force his brothers into helping him- the others had a choice.
Gabriel was panicking and left the paint right where it was, running for cover, and accidentally leaving Castiel flailing behind him. It was too late for the younger brother. Castiel sighed and stared at Dean Winchester with heavy eyes. “Don’t get the wrong idea.” He simply stated, looking towards Gabriel who gave one of those “whoopsies~” smiles and ran home to Lucifer, presumably to pester him about doing another prank.
“Excuse me, are you Dean Winchester?” Sam shook his head and made a face the person across the line obviously could not see. “No, but I’m his brother, Sam Winchester.”
Castiel gave a tsk, and caressed the scars carefully so not to scare him. “Yes, you were. I was heartbroken when you agreed with them. I still wasn’t sure if it was you, but… I had a pretty strong feeling. Yet that doesn’t mean I won’t still love you. Your father was not honorable, Dean. I understand why you may not have wanted to be bullied at school and go home to such conditions. I just wish it didn’t have to happen.”
“Oh.” Castiel tried to adjust. “Is this alright with you…?” Dean nervously started, showing the other side of himself rarely anyone got to see. “Yes.”
“You spiked the punch.” Castiel finished. “Shh, no! I would never. It’s just got a natural kick to it.” Dean laughed and placed the food neatly on the tablecloth.
“Yeah, but Dad could never afford it.” Dean shrugged and shut his door, walking around the front of the car to the other side. Dean’s suit was crisp and neat-- he had taken both of theirs to the dry cleaner a few days before they found the case. He had grown a bit of stubble on his face and his eyes had a mature glint that made him look years older.
“Aw, but Cassie, it’s really fun!! I even got my soulmate to agree.” Gabriel grinned and sat on the desk where Castiel had tried to get comfortable. He rolled his eyes and looked at Gabe with annoyed eyes. “You have two minutes.” That warning was like setting off a time bomb. He exploded with words, mischievous plots and big, toothy smiles. Castiel managed to understand that Gabriel was wanting to prank Dean Winchester, a complete idiot and asshole in Castiel’s opinion. That stupid jock had gotten into so much trouble and according to rumor, never had a girl longer than two weeks. He knew Dean Winchester liked a girl named Lisa, which wasn’t much of a rumor. Gabriel said that he was practically asking to be pranked.
“Agh, Charlie! He does this all the time. I get one clue, and then he won’t talk to me at all until the next day after it’s too late and there’s already another scar. How can I possibly figure this out if he’s giving me such vague clues and then ignoring me??” Castiel angrily threw down his pen.
“It's nothing.” Dean yanked his arm away and sheltered it with his other hand and wrist. “Hm, and does your SOULMATE have them too? Is this her fault?” Dean shook his head, but Castiel wondered what he could be thinking. “His soulmates’ a boy!” Sam chirped unknowingly. Dean glanced at Sam, probably more like a glare. Castiel thought curses because he knew better. Gabriel looked at Castiel, and then back at Dean Winchester. He also observed Sam in great detail with a sad smile.
“For him, maybe. But I’ve dated my share of women,” Dean responded, ruffling his hair. “Do you think it’s bad?”
“Cassie, what's wrong??” Gabriel panicked, rubbing circles in his back. “Stupid fucking W-Winchester… liar… I hate him…” Castiel hid his face and tried to keep the years away. He knew he was pathetic, he knew he was weak, and he knew he should’ve never talked to Dean Winchester.
Sam pulled into the driveway of a huge, white house with a white picket fence and a bright green lawn. Dean thought it looked beautiful. There seemed to be a pool out back, along with a smaller storage building and a lot of open yard area. Castiel was lucky to have had such a house.
“Oh, umm…” Charlie slammed her locker shut, “No! No, of course not, why would you think something was wrong?”
Charlie seemed almost surprised, and also a little eager, to help him. She hadn’t had much excitement in the past few weeks and was happy to find a task to tackle. “Oh, yeah, uhm… sure!” She agreed with a smile. “What’s the plan?”
Football was great, it was like an escape from reality because the entire game, or mostly during practices, he wouldn’t think about any of his problems.
“So, so- you think that I’m just some… crappy, dumb outcast? You think that’s okay? You don’t think it’s inhuman to say things like that to me?” Castiel’s rage meter was flying up at increasingly high levels.
“Of course it is, you gay shit. How do you think your mother would feel about this?” The man growled, his voice a lot lower than before. Dean glared at him, “How dare you bring Mom into this-” Dean hissed under his breath.
Castiel smiled to himself at the use of the nickname. It quickly dispersed when Dean's football friends found their way to his locker. “Whatcha doin’, Dean-O?” Diego asked with a smirk. Castiel looked at the ground, getting ready to reject his initial plans.
“Cassie!” An unexpected voice exclaimed, jumping on his shoulders. Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin or made a loud noise but thankfully he didn’t. “Gabriel, what are you doing here??”
'If you really knew me, you wouldn’t  say that. Cas, you’re too damn good for me. There’s nothing more to it.'
When he opened his eyes, Castiel felt a mixture of droplets of water and tears stream down his face. He began sputtering and puking up a ton of water, but when he vision cleared, he realized it wasn't on the ground. He Was in someone's arms and that person has a protective hold on him. Somehow the person didn't mind being puked on, and that confused Castiel, but as his heavy breaths became short ones, he decided not to care.
Sam looked uneasily at his brother, unsure whether or not to argue. Dean was fragile in this state and Sam was damn near the only one who could tell, since Dean was very careful to shield his feelings from everyone around him. Sam didn’t want his brother to hurt all alone. He felt guilty that he could have happiness with his own soulmate while Dean suffered from grief.
“The house hasn’t looked like this since… since Dad was here.” Sam noted, grabbing a bottle of air freshener from the bathroom. He sprayed it around the house, spinning in circles, until he reached the bathroom again. He went to put the spray bottle back into the cabinet about the sink, but didn’t like what he saw when he looked down.
It happened so quickly for Castiel that he didn't even have time to take a breath before plunging down, deeper and deeper into the cold darkness.
Castiel felt numb. His mind, his body, everything just felt like it wasn’t there at all. He was thankful for his best friend Charlie and Kevin. The three were usually an inseparable trio but Castiel had a full plate and they hadn’t hung out much since the year began. Castiel was surprised when the two sat next to him at lunch.
“Ah, the Trickster.” Dean Winchester chuckled, but Castiel could see real sadness in his eyes. The car must mean a lot to him, Castiel thought with a sigh. “I apologize on behalf of my brother,” he told the football player, looking at the Impala.
Dean didn’t think much about it, wrapping his thick arms around Castiel’s thin torso. He pulled him closer, almost nuzzling him as he continued to hug the teenager. “W-what are you-”
“It’s worth it!” Charlie exclaimed, throwing her hands up in exasperation. “True love will always be worth it.”
Dean smiled, a happy smile, and nodded before stashing the script into his backpack. “Yeah. Just wanted you to know.” His fingers nervously twitched as Castiel reached out for him. Castiel’s hands found their way unto Dean’s and together they tightened their grasp.
A few hours turned into several hours and it was far past dark. Their father still had not returned after driving off that afternoon. It was mostly quiet in the house until the phone began ringing. Sam picked the phone up off its hanging position on the wall and answered it, Gabriel standing beside him. “Hello?”
Now what was he going to do? He pressed his lips to an especially faded design, not realizing that he had left a visible mark on his soulmate’s skin as well as his own. Castiel let out a long, heavy sigh. He ignored everyone who walked past him, hoping that maybe they’d leave him alone too.
“Yes.” Castiel nodded and watched Dean walk to the truck, pulling it open and accidentally getting paint on his hands. Castiel touched the side of the car, too, and didn’t realize that the paint from Dean’s hands had appeared on his own. When Dean realized the possibility of what was happening, he nervously cast a glance at the other, who didn’t seem to notice, and looked back at the car. “No, no- don’t come over here.” Dean told Castiel as he approached the trunk. Dean surveyed the display of monster hunting weapons all across the trunk. He slammed it shut after he finally found the towels and spray he kept for cleaning purposes.
The meeting continued like a blur until they received a rather unexpected visitor. “Come in,” Michael told the person knocking on the door. It opened quickly and revealed the school’s most popular heart throb Dean Winchester.
“Really? Chick-flick much?” Dean asked in a monotone voice, quite unamused at the nerd’s words. “Well, as of now, I’m pretty sure Cas hates my guts. I wouldn’t be sure of yourself.”
Dean nodded in understanding and stood back up as the Sheriff walked off to another room. Sam had been wandering around the room meticulously eyeing the house decor. There were pictures of the family down at the beach, a couple of school pictures of the kids, and quite a few bible quotes written on homemade canvases hung on the walls. On the fireplace mantle, there was a glass figure in the shape of a cross.
It had been  few hours, really, that the four of them sat in the living room. At one point Gabriel and Sam began playing childish games, like I Spy and Hide and Seek. Dean felt hollow inside, and couldn’t smile no matter how many jokes the two of them made during those hours. Castiel had fallen asleep, curled up in a ball as far as he could possibly get away from Dean. Maybe he felt betrayed, seeing how Dean pushed him away after such a moment of intimacy.
“Well, I doubt he’ll figure this clue out, I’m beginning to see that he’s a little oblivious. The next one’s about Baby here,” Dean chuckled in amusement and patted the dash of the car. “I figured everyone knows I’m in love with this car, but there’s tons of guys who take pride in their cars. I’m not looking to make this too easy for him, I still need to see how far he’s willing to go.” Dean paused for a while, dusting off the radio and then continued, “I’m not going to risk it with my dad or possibly ruin both our lives if I don’t think it’s going to be worth it.”
“Great! I'll call him now. Go pack your bags.” Sam dialed his soulmate’s phone number and walked into another room.
It looked untouched although Dean never had the pleasure to see it before. Dean sat down on the floor beside the bed and rested his forearms on his knees. “Please, come back…” And indeed he did, but this time, Dean couldn't see him due to the alcohol in his system. Castiel's hands traced around Dean's palms and moved them toward the underside of the bed. Dean was too tired and buzzed to realize he wasn't the one moving his own hands.
“Yeah, apparently I’m so much of an outcast that even my soulmate has to pretend to want me.” The message came out wrong. Castiel knew that, but he didn’t bother to fix it. He seemed to have struck a nerve. “It’s funny, really, because for a second I actually thought someone wanted me, but you’ve helped me realize that no one does.”
Dean paused a let out a long sigh. “I wish you were actually here. Did I ever tell you what I went out to get that night?”
Dean snorted. “Sure, Sammy. And say what? ‘Hey, there. Care to tell us why you killed these people? No? You just want to smite my ass too? Got it.’ Dean put his hands up, palms out and fingers upward as if to fake backing off.
Dean opened the driver seat to his Impala and smiled at how beautiful the inside still was. He thought about asking Castiel if he wanted a ride home, but he had already started speaking. “I’ll be going now. See you tomorrow.”
Sam shook his head and knocked even harder; Dean opening the door at mid-knock. “Go shower. Right now.” Sam growled, his eyes burning with fire. Dean trudged through the living room to the bathroom. He turned on the water, watching it flow into the bathtub. Sam had brought a fresh change of clothes and a towel into the bathroom, setting them down as he poured soap into the water.
“Yeah. Mine’s got a lot of issues, and they hurt me.” Castiel sighed, thinking about the moment Dean Winchester sided against his own soulmate. “... But today he gave me an explanation and an apology as well as a kiss.” He looked at Lucifer and smiled sadly.
Sam sighed and went into the bathroom, getting a washrag because he knew he wasn’t physically strong enough to take it back from his brother. He cleaned up the blood around the sink and tossed the washrag into the laundry room. He was smart enough to recognize all the signs. There were barely any dishes, and there wasn’t any laundry… Sam slowly checked the tub, which looked the exact same as it did before he left eight days previous. “Listen, Dean, I think it is my business. You’re my brother.” He checked Dean’s room next. The bed was the only thing that looked recently disturbed, since its covers were spread across the surface. “I care about you. You’ve barely eaten, you haven’t kept yourself clean... What’s going on, Dean?”
He wanted Castiel, with his simple clothes and small smile, enchanting blue eyes and a calm expression on his face as he watched Dean score a goal for his team. Maybe if he was lucky, he’d eventually see Castiel with a huge grin instead of a small smile, chanting his name like he couldn’t be prouder.
A/N:I should really put more triggers because of all the self harm. Oh whale, but warning there is abuse in this chapter. Oh wait, fluff? What's that doing there?
Castiel clicked his tongue, unsure of what to respond to his older brother. “Well, I might try for the lead part, but I’m sure there are more qualified actors than myself to get it.” He crossed his arms for comfort, something he found himself doing rather often. Dean Winchester walked into the room with a few girls trying out for Angelica, Eliza, and Peggy. “Right. Like anyone’s a better actor than you,” Gabriel snorted and sort of stared at Dean when he approached the chairs. “He might be,” Castiel mumbled under his breath, but his brother somehow managed to hear him.
Castiel didn’t hear her. He was too busy counting Dean’s freckles. There were at least sixty three, but Charlie interrupted his counting with, “Oh my God, you’ve got the hots for Mr. Sexy, don’t you?” Charlie almost screamed, excitement sparkling in her eyes. “What? No! The douche called me a shitty outcast the other day,” Castiel admitted with a sigh.
“Because, I can't…” Dean Winchester tugged on the ends of his sweatshirt. He wanted desperately to be able to. He wanted to stay in Castiel's presence and just talk to him, but he couldn't. So he left.
“Fine.” Sam left without another word and went into the kitchen, searching every last cabinet for some food to eat.
Dean finished his shower and dried himself off, already missing his soulmate. If Sam had known, or rather, if everyone had known the things he saw… he’d be sent to a mental asylum. As he thought about it, though, he decided it wouldn’t be the worst thing. He’d get to see Castiel all the time and no one would try to stop him. He wouldn’t have to take care of himself either. The only problem was, they might put him on medication to stop his hallucinations. With his already weak mind connection to Castiel, he didn’t think he could handle medicine.
They both blushed, Castiel more so than Dean. “Castiel, I don’t know what she’s talking about. I’ll just leave you alone.” Dean picked up his books to leave, but Castiel extended his hand, pushing against Dean's chest. “You don't need to.”
“I’ve got a soulmate.” Castiel sighed back. The teacher shook his head, discouraged by the source of the issue. He didn’t think sixteen and seventeen year olds should have to worry about love, he thought they should focus on their studies and secure a successful life for themselves. But Castiel was one of his best students, and he knew he should listen if there was a related problem troubling him. “He’s… troubled,” Castiel showed the teacher his scarred wrist, “and he’s not going to stop unless I tell him I know it’s him, but I don’t want to.”
“Piss off, dork. Dean’s busy. Doesn’t have time for losers like you.” One of the jocks stepped up beside Dean and slung an arm around his shoulder.
Tears fell down Lisa’s cheeks, but Charlie couldn’t hear any crying noises. It made it even sadder, knowing that she kept it all bottled up away from everyone. “Y-yes, Dean, I’ll be okay..” Lisa wiped her tears on her yellow colored sleeve and looked up at him with big, sad eyes. “Will you at least let me have one more kiss?” Dean smiled softly, for he knew it was the least he could do when Lisa had taken the break up so strongly, and caressed her cheek.
Scrambling through his morning routine, he nervously skipped a shower and grabbed an apple on the way out the door. He knew he had to be at school at 7 o’clock so he was only about seven minutes late. Castiel glanced at the watch on his wrist, which turned to 7:13 when he blinked. The watch had been his grandfather’s, and it meant a lot to him, but he rarely wore it. There were too many ink drawings on his arms to be observed, but when he woke up without any, he decided to wear the watch.
During his senior year of High School, he’d managed to live normally despite losing his soulmate the year before. Everything had turned black and white, so he couldn’t tell the difference between the green and red apples.
“That’s Winchester to you.” Dean was looking down at the floor when he muttered the bitter reply. “Yeah- only his friends get to call him Dean.” The other jock scoffed and moved his hands around in his coat pockets. A golden chain swung around his muscular neck.
“No, no, no.” Castiel wouldn’t believe his ears. He wanted Dean Winchester to be as dreamy and sweet as he had been the day before. He received a sudden flashback:
“I can’t stop thinking about the kiss, if you go outside I’ll be hard to miss.” The words delicately appeared on his arm, like the person writing them took the longest time to make sure they were perfect. The last word seemed rushed, almost anxious, and Castiel got a weird feeling in his gut.
“Why not?” The teacher asked with a frown, staring at the marks. “Because I’ve met him. He’s been bullying me, along with his friends. He wants to impress them or something and I don’t like him. I don’t want to tell him I know his name. But if I don’t, then… he’s going to take his own life.” Castiel finished, braiding his fingers together. He was nervous, for being responsible for someone’s life, and for being alone.
Castiel was left to stare out the window. He set his book down nicely on the desk and rhythmically moved his fingers. He took it with him to his locker and finished gathering his supplies for the remainder of his classes.
Dean Winchester continued to read what his phone told him about outcasts but didn’t dare say any of it out loud to Castiel. “...But his heart is mature, calm and kind. He never really does anything big for himself, and most of the things he does are for other people. He's just misunderstood, and people hate him for no reason. He's usually the victim of every negative stereotype and rumor.” (Urban Dictionary)
Castiel walked past the football field, seeing how cold and dead the grass looked. It reminded him of himself. It didn’t snow too often around town, it was mostly fall-like weather in the winter. A few times, it snowed, but that was pretty rare. Castiel thought the snow was beautiful. He wished it would snow more often, and maybe end the football season sooner. That would make the jocks less mean and egotistical.
To be fair, he’s never tried to open a door for Cas before, so he’s willing to admit it’s a bizarre gesture. He coughs and says,
When he comes to again, they are lying side-by-side; he is surrounded by a curtain of oil-slick wings, and being watched by an angel. He faintly notices the soft lamplight illuminating Cas’ face. The light bulbs held through that as well, it seems.
“We’ve catalogued who we’ve got and the overlaps in scenarios, if that makes sense,” says Jack. “I am still overseeing it while I’m here of course. But I’m struggling a little with how we deal with couples where one has been spending their eternity in domestic bliss with their life partner and the other has essentially been reliving one debauched week from the end of high-school over and over. I wanted to speak with Castiel about it. In person. And I thought I would — what is the phrase? — mix business with pleasure.”
Sam takes barely two steps and crosses the room, wraps Dean up in a huge hug. “Jerk,” he retorts. “We’ll see you on Sunday for breakfast.”
,” snaps Dean, and fuck, he didn’t intend for that to come out as harshly as it did. He can’t quite believe it’s only just occurred to him but these are real women with actual lives he’s been using to prop up his bullshit. He’s suddenly furious with himself, with Lee, with fucking John fucking Winchester, with Cassie, even — every person who’s ever pushed him into this role he’s played for years and years.
“Fine!” Dean says, tight. He gets it, he does. Has known for a while that his beautiful V8 502 Big Block wasn’t exactly helping in the whole global warming shindig, but he misses that rumble under him, the sheer sense of power barely restrained. “But you don’t just
Sam raises an eyebrow at the two of them. Dean mentally dares him to make something of it. He doesn’t. Cas sits down next to Eileen, opposite Dean. He nods at Sam.
They talk more about the changes — it’s barely been a month since Armageddon, but there are subtle changes everywhere. Turns out the KKK, the Proud Boys, QAnon and most of the European neo-Nazi groups were run by demons, so they’ve pretty much disbanded overnight, leaving a bunch of very confused followers. They’re mostly being taken care of by hastily set-up deprogramming groups working on connecting communities again.
“I’ll be ready by 6.30 for our date.” Cas leans down again, soft lips against Dean’s own, and Dean opens his mouth, catches his breath when the tip of Cas’ tongue explores the edge of his top lip, just testing the waters and melts into the kiss.
Dean almost pops a blood vessel. “Seem… No, Jack, I’m not upset, I’m damn angry. You fucked with my Baby. No one fucks with my Baby.”
“I’ve changed my mind. You can watch me sleep any time you like.” He shifts slightly, stretches, snuggles back in.
“Okay,” says Dean, tight. But he’s not — okay, that is, and his eyes fill with tears again, dammit. He dashes his sleeve across them and wraps Charlie — this Charlie — up in a tight hug. She pats him on the back.
Dean and Cas sleep together and hold each other every night, these days, but in that moment, Dean realises that this whole time, he’s had a barrier up. He doesn’t even quite know what it was, and he of all people is not saying that it’s not a relationship if it’s not consummated, but all of a sudden he feels this urge to be closer.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Not a euphemism. Actually need him to check the roast.” He holds up the cornbread he has in one hand and the plates he has in the other to demonstrate his current inability to do the task himself.
Cas nods, cups Dean’s cheek with his palm. “Yes,” he says out loud. “I can hear you when you reach for me like that. It feels — like an aching.”
It seriously takes Dean a moment to recover his cool. The kid is the spitting image of Greta, identical but for the close cropped hair and the outfit — white tee, basic jeans. He’s wearing a slim chain around his neck and a little silver hoop in his left ear.
Thank you so much for your support for this version of Dean, from the bottom of my little autochorissexual heart. — Phoenix
Dean rests the last glass on the rack, and dries his hands on the dish towel. “To be completely honest, I don’t know what I’m doing…”
Dean rests his head on his hand, propped up on his elbow to look at Cas. “Well, that was different. My brother was in the room, for one.”
And then the hubbub of the world returns — the hum of insects, the call of birds, the jangle of a bicycle bell, people at the café just talking, like nothing happened. A dog barking.
“Son of a bitch,” he says. He turns the key again but this time puts the car in gear and it glides smoothly away from the kerb. It’s unnerving, the lack of sound and he misses the smooth rumble that tells him his Baby is running happy. He tamps down his freak-out — everything is too damn close to the surface right now, it’s been a
“I thought that at first, too,” says Dean. “But first up, no more shifters, right? Secondly, I’m pretty sure that necklace was silver. And who heard of a shifter just becoming a female version of themselves? Why not become a guard and walk right out of here? It doesn’t add up.”
Dean yanked away his wrist on instinct, being reminded of his father at once. Castiel’s smile faltered and left Dean with a sense of guilt, having glared at him right after the other teen said such kind things to him. “Sorry,” he apologized slowly with a lack of words on his tongue. “My lifestyle is difficult to understand for someone who doesn’t believe.” Dean explained with a frown. He let Castiel take back his arm uncomfortably and watched his every move. “You don’t have to believe it, actually it’s safer that way, but I’d like you to… to believe in me, please.” Dean proceeded to lean his head against Castiel’s, which was something he considered brave. Lately it was tough for him to be close to anyone and doing such a thing with Castiel was a huge improvement on his part.
“Cas, wait, you don’t understand, that was-” Dean panicked, in attempt to protest and work for his case, but Castiel didn’t want to hear any of the lying, filthy words that came out of Dean’s mouth. “I see exactly what that was, Winchester. I see. I know.” Dean approached him quickly and folded his hands over Castiel’s two. “No, you don’t… it’s not what it looks like.” Castiel shook his head, shivering from the sparklike touch. “I don’t care! I don’t want you!” He managed to break free and run down the halls, skipping past eavesdropping Charlie and all the way to the men’s bathroom. Of course, he didn’t hear the bell ring over the sound of his own crying. Why did this matter to him so much? It shouldn’t bother him as much as it was. This shouldn’t bother him, because he didn’t want Dean Winchester to be his soulmate.
The man did not bid them farewell and simply left without another word, getting into the old junkie car instead of the Impala, which was definity a surprise to the Winchester brothers. He drove away fast.
The red liquid was smeared and his fingers began to fade until the only evidence that remained was the red cut on his arm just below the faded pink one. A scar.
“Just thinking,” Castiel responded softly, his eyes still sky-gazing. Lucifer decided to continue asking questions. “Soulmate issues?”
Then Sam walked in alongside Gabriel, holding swinging hands as they peeked through the door. “Ummm… I told you so.” Gabriel laughed and pointed at the two on the couch. Castiel furrowed his eyebrows.  Gabriel must have discussed them with Sam at one point.  And wait… why was Gabriel holding hands with Sam?  Castiel normally would've asked them or showed some sort of interest but he didn't want to leave his position.  He didn't want Dean to assume he cared about anything else at the moment besides their own breathing?
“Even if I did save you from drowning in some messed up fantasy of yours, why would you be mad at me?” Dean asked, playing along for the hell of it.
“I mean, like…” Sam took a huge breath, because he didn’t think he’d ever have to think of it. “Dean’s turning into Dad. When I got here, it reeked of beer and sweat. He’s starving himself, not showering… Bobby, I found a bloody razor.”
Dean’s eyes widened with tears and he blinked them away until they covered the letter he gripped tightly in his hands. The buzz may have prevented him from seeing his dead soulmate, but he imagined the boy clearly in his mind with the last words of the letter.
Today, there weren’t just pictures. There was a really long message in perfect calligraphy starting from the top of his left hand to his elbow. That means my soulmate is right-handed, he thought with a hint of hope. He read it as it appeared on his pale skin:
Dean was quick to throw on a jacket and close the door behind him. He got a few interested glances from Castiel’s family as he walked past the kitchen and out the front door. Dean just rolled his eyes and ignored them. He took the car keys out of his jean pocket and hopped into the Impala. The car came to a rusty start as the engine fired up with a turn of the key. Dean loved the heavy sound of the motor and silently wished he could’ve taken Castiel for a drive so he could hear it too.
Dean looked questioningly up at him and nodded, excusing them both from the pastor’s impending conversation. “What is it, Sam?”
Castiel’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. How did his soulmate know what he was doing? 'What is that supposed to mean?' He wrote back.
Castiel was taken aback. He should’ve been expecting such a statement from one of these idiots but he decided to risk it for some peace of mind. “I believe that is for Dean to decide.” He confidently stated, proud of himself for standing up against the bully. He was only thinking of how nice Dean had been when they were talking in the meeting room the other day.
Dean shot Gabriel a questioning look, which made the boy respond with “Cassie here is in charge of the decorating. Why don’t you help him?”
“Listen, Cas, I appreciate your offer, but you don’t have to help me.” Dean Winchester stated, beginning to scrub at the paint.
“I was kidding,” Dean quickly responded, softening the glares. “It was just a joke. A test, to see which of you support Norris. I was just testing you guys.” Dean laughed to lighten the mood but the guys expected him to insult Castiel to make up for joking and being so sweet.
It was mostly silent. The waters were more quiet than usual, which was odd to him, but the wind was insanely loud in his ears. He liked it that way, when he didn’t want to hear his own thoughts because then he’d probably jump off the bridge.
With the loud knock at his bedroom door, Dean jumped in surprise. He quickly stashed the letter into his back jean pocket and wiped his eyes on his flannel sleeve.
“But still, it doesn’t help anyone to bully him.” Charlie continued as she gave him a motherly expression.
“Is Lisa coming over later?” Sam asked. He liked the girl. She was always sweet to him and she thought he was like an adorable little puppy. “No, Sammy. Actually I’m breaking up with her.” Dean hesitated, only deciding to as he spoke. It would be better that way, maybe help Castiel figure him out.
He didn’t care about what may happen to either of them by going against their fate, and yet… he still wanted to love someone who didn’t have the strength to love themself.
3. Before anyone says anything I would just like to say that I know they're OOC. It's sort of a given, but that's alright. I'm trying to stick to their personalities, but when they're teens, they've got alterations. Keep this in mind if you find yourself thinking that one of them would never do something like that.
Castiel tried not to remember the look on Dean's face when Sam had said their father was dying.  He wasn't exactly pleased; the man was his father after all, but he would be relieved if he didn't have to get daily beatings.
“Hey, Cas-” Dean began, scrambling into the school to find the runaway junior. “I have college courses I need to get to in ten minutes, Winchester. I don’t have the luxury of taking time to talk.” Castiel’s day was already off to a bad start. His father had kicked his brother Lucifer out of the house because he was not only failing his classes and doing drugs but also breaking laws. Castiel knew his brother meant well, but he didn’t believe in rules and often got involved with the wrong people. He knew it wasn’t his brother himself but the people that surrounded him.
Castiel like awake in his bed, with cold sweat dripping down his neck and his back as he stared at the scars that would mark the pain forever. Below the scar, however, was the clue, “I know you were there, now you’ll understand but damn, I do it all for Sam.” An hour later, there came the drawings, all laced into one big heart that said the words Castiel somehow had been wanting to hear since the very beginning.
To his shock, colors splashed onto his skin. That had never happened before, he’d only seen designs of black and white. Sure, there had been a large variety of drawings, but he’d never seen color until now What could it mean?
Charlie shook her head after observing the clue on Castiel’s arm. “He’s a football player.” She told him with a sigh. “Punt is some sort of football term,” she added as she finished her lunch.
He decided to skip lunch and head outside. There was a nice patch of grass under a lovely tree that he could finally relax under with a good book. Except, it was extremely cold outside, and snow covered the ground. Agh, Castiel thought with a groan. Then he remembered- he still possessed the coat that the mysterious green eyed person had let him borrow. Didn’t the person want to ask for it back? He couldn’t give it back if no one asked him for it.
“Come in!” Dean called to the door, blinking a few times and looking into the bright light on the bedside table to clear his eyes.
Sam Winchester had only just reached teenagehood, or at least it seemed like that. He took his headphones off and sighed. “It was alright. Uh, Dean, who’s this? Where’s Lisa?”
Anger flashed in Castiel’s sharp blue eyes. “Yes, Dean! Yes, you are!” He pushed Dean over in the mound of snow and leaned over him. “Sam will always need you, because you are his older brother.” Castiel turned his head quickly and stared at the frozen lake. “And I definitely need you.”
A/N: Hello! Thanks for reading yet another chapter! I'm really starting to get excited now about this story. How'd you like it? What do you think is going to happen next? Oooh I wonder when Castiel will first get an idea of who his soulmate might be. Continue reading to find out!! <3
Dean sat at the small table of his familiar kitchen, freshly graduated from High School. He glanced across the counter at the basket of apples and bananas. They’d all gone rotten, and fruit flies had gathered around them. The house itself he’d known for years, (after all, he’d been there his entire life).
Castiel suspiciously darted his eyes around the area, looking for any sign of a teenage boy. But there were none. 'I do like this book. You’re a stalker, then?'
“You… whAT?” Charlie asked, her eyes widening in surprise. Was it just a joke? Surely. “Oh, ummm…” Dean wracked through his thoughts for some sort of excuse for his innocent brother’s slip up. “He’s talking about video games. We kill monsters in video games.” Dean nodded and pressed his lips together, as did Sam.
“I can see that,” Castiel’s teacher sighed and sat at a desk beside him. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
But Dean thought of Castiel every day--- and his whole world was still grey. His heart was still heavy and his eyes still sore. After graduation, he had taken hunting on as a full-time job. He was getting really good at it, too. He was handy with a knife and even handier with bullets.
“I was kind in the meeting room because Michael was there. I’m not an idiot, I know better than to do anything to you while he’s around,” Dean explained. He crossed his arms to match Castiel’s appearance.
Dean was fuming with such anger he had used as a coping mechanism. He often turned pain or sadness into anger, and when he did, it didn’t end well. With one strike, he pulled a dagger out of his coat pocket and stabbed himself in the heart. Or, at least, his doppelganger. “Damn it,” he cursed to himself, watching the body fall into the snow.
That didn’t make Castiel any more sure of his feelings, but it was definitely a conversation he needed to hear. “You think so?” Castiel asked in a small voice he rarely showed to anyone except his siblings.
“Dean, I’m serious! Don’t let those assbutts decide how you treat other people. Stand up to them, I can assure you life will find a way to make itself better.” Castiel prompted, huffing at the stupid droplets of paint all over the car. What did he get himself into?
“Oh, me too!” Charlie exclaimed, grinning. She was a video game freak and rambled on about several before Sam and Dean could get her to shut her mouth.
There were so many things he wanted to ask this person that if he really wished it, he could cover his entire body with words. Then he remembered something he hadn’t thought about it in a long time. He had looked into the mirror and noticed something that made him question if he meant anything to his soulmate.
Castiel took note of his cologne, the oil and car smells, and even his shampoo. But he tried to concentrate on the smell of the ink on his arms instead, reminding him that he would be cheating on his soulmate if he were to continue with this sort of behavior towards Dean Winchester.
Sam’s face paled and he dropped the phone, leaving it to hang by its twisty, curly cord against the old, dusty wall. His eyes were wide and scared, making Dean immediately worry for him.
The next day, Castiel couldn’t stop focusing on his forearm and he couldn’t stop thinking about Dean Winchester. He wasn’t sure why, because the jock was just a jerk in disguise.
“Possibly,” Sam admitted, hovering over a fragile-looking woman. She wore a cross necklace over her breast. He leaned down and held it between his fingers. “Didn’t that article say most of the bodies were found in churches?”
Now he knew who it was for sure, because he had seen things he could never quite unsee. He heard the old clock in his house chiming regularly, but he found the sound irritating. It was just a reminder that he didn’t have much time to save a life. He had two days left, and the images he’d been cursed with that day were burning his mind.
“What? Dean. He's a big stupid hot jerk!” Castiel alarmed himself. “I mean.. That is.. Agh, you know what I mean! Gabe, what do I do?”
Dean shrugged and looked down at the buckets of paint. “Hey, I guess I kinda of deserve it, don’t I? For bullying you.”
There was something unsettling about his choices, but Castiel had a feeling they’d all be sorted out soon. He glanced outside the door and noticed how dark it had gotten. The sky wasn’t even a sunset anymore, but a reflection of a pool of black. The white snow was the only thing he could really see in the sky because not a single star could be seen among the fog in the air.
“Well, you did bully him…” Charlie dragged out the end of her sentence much longer than she needed to. “He’s bound to be upset with you. Why would you do that, anyways?” Dean looked down in shame.
“Thanks,” Dean thanked him, dealing with the trunk and the back window quickly. The silence lasted a lot longer than either of the two would’ve wanted, but neither knew what to say to keep it from happening. Castiel took the front and right side, Dean the back and the left side. When they had finished, Castiel struggled to reach the top of the car. Dean noticed this, and walked over to him, tracing his fingertips over Castiel’s and reached along with him and both towels. Dean let his other hand find its way to his face, where he covered his rose-colored cheeks.
Turns out, the Novaks’ house was about thirty minutes away in a town called Haven. Dean was pretty sure the town was named after Heaven because of its sacred beauty and he took note of said beauty with Castiel in mind the whole way through town. Dean thought about asking how much longer they had until they found the right house but stayed silent, gripping the knife in his pocket.
He didn't catch the boy's name. But he would be forever grateful and in extreme debt to that person. And in that moment, he realized he really did need saving.
P.S. it's hard to type with my new acrylic nails so forgive any errors and I'm horrible at writing fluff so ignore that.
Bobby nodded, though Sam couldn’t see him. He didn’t know what to say that would make Sam feel better. There wasn’t really anything. “Do you know why he’d be acting like this?”
“Ask him… ask him for the next clue.” Charlie decided, putting Plan A into order. She was going to support Castiel if it was the last thing she did and trust me, it wouldn’t be.
Castiel’s heart pounded in his chest. His eyes widened at the sight of the sentence altogether and he considered the possibility that he had seen his soulmate that day. GREEN EYES! He’d established a nickname for the person that had saved his life. It was an appropriate name for such an attractive eyed person. His soulmate obviously knew the color of his eyes. I mean sure, he’d made eye contact with a few people that day, but none of them created a spark. Not anything like the zap he felt course through his soul while in the lake.
Sam nodded sadly. “I’ve already found him out. He’s always bragging about me to the others, for some reason. I hear him talk a lot.”
“I don't have much right.” Dean began, looking back from the door to the black haired teenager beside him. “I'm giving you the right now. Explain yourself.” Castiel invited him closer, but Dean rejected the polite offer. “I can't. Not yet.”
“Oh, my, I’m not sure what to say. Your father has been in a car accident and is now at Mercy Greene Hospital in critical condition. I’m afraid he doesn’t have much longer. You and your brother should come down immediately.”
Castiel’s angelic heart broke into several pieces. He wasn’t going to find his soulmate? That wasn’t fair! Anyone who didn’t find their soulmate past the age of twenty-one (which barely anyone was unlucky about this), lost the ability to see colors. Their skin turned an ugly grayish color too. He wasn’t ready to face that possibility.
“Ah, having soulmate troubles?” Charlie asked, looking across the table at Kevin who had just taken a seat. He didn’t eat much and had his nose in a book that said ‘History’. Castiel knew he’d have some sort of test coming up and also knew better than to bother him.
“Just listen!” Dean yelled, causing Charlie to squeal and squeeze her lips shut. “You can’t tell anyone. Not a single person. Especially not Castiel.”
Sam was delighted by Dean’s progress and could even be fooled into thinking Dean was back to himself again.
“Well, he’s seein’ black and white, ain’t he?” Bobby asked, Sam replying with a mumbled yes. “That boy, Cassiel-”
“Look, Dean, I already know you’re in love with Castiel,” Sam muttered straightforwardly. “It’s obvious.” Dean panicked a bit internally, keeping his cool on the outside. “And these clues? They’re genius. I just don’t get why a jock like you would bother. We kill monsters for Christ’s sake, why can’t you just admit it to him already?” Sam the shipper is at it again. “Shut up author.” Sam added, huffing.
“Do you know of anyone who has really good artistic skills?” Castiel asked, trying to narrow his search. “There’s Lucy. She’s super cute. Maybe she’s your soulmate.”
The next reply was something Castiel was desperately hoping to avoid. It couldn’t be true. Yet another line of red dripped down his arm. Castiel saw a quick slice horizontal on the base of his wrist, and from it, red liquid oozed up/down his arm. Little splatters of red liquid landed across his arm and his fingers were covered with red stains. Castiel was no fool. He may have missed it the previous night because he was so extremely tired, but this time his eyes were as wide as the moon and his hands started trembling. Why would his soulmate purposely harm himself just because Castiel didn’t know his name?!
“Don't you dare blame this on Sammy.” Dean growled in response. “It wasn't anyone's fault. This is what we do. We hunt monsters and that's what we get for doing it.” Castiel was normally attracted to Dean's muscles, especially when he too off all his layers (which was super rare). But right now he could only focus on the fire in Dean's eyes.
The teenager stifled a sigh and crossed one leg over the other. “I have to find him soon,” Castiel murmured softly. “Before it’s too late.” He kissed the scars gently, and Dean watched a chapstick mark appear on them. He smiled sadly and twirled his pencil in his fingers.
“Yes!” Charlie exclaimed with a huff. She munched on some chips and took a long drink of soda, trying to ignore how pretty Lisa actually was and how sweet the couple looked together.
“What, your constant betrayal to my best friend? Or your current girlfriend??” Charlie asked sarcastically. She kept staring at Dean with raised eyebrows.
“The point of this stupid game.” Castiel continued with a sigh. “I know who you are, Dean Winchester.” Castiel laced his fingers through Dean's rough calloused ones. “You are the only one for me.” Dean didn't say anything even though he felt like he should've. Castiel nuzzled into Dean's chest and continued more quietly,  “I'm sorry I didn't see it before…” Castiel's fingers tucked underneath Dean's sleeve and traced the scars lovingly. He surprised himself by showing such courage, but he knew it was time. He’d waited long enough with jitters and anxious feelings haunting his dreams.
Castiel pushed the worry back down his throat. When his parents had good news, it… wasn't usually good news to him. He took his time changing his clothes and stared at the coat. Now where had he seen it before?? Oh, yeah. It was one of the sports jackets. Anyone who played stupid sports got one of them.
Castiel walked past the row of lockers as students fled to them, putting away their books for lunch. Dean Winchester slammed his shut, making Castiel jump in surprise at the loud noise. Dean’s eyebrows had creased and his eyes were as sharp as his jawline. Upon further inspection, he noticed several marks across Dean’s face.
Dean stood up, and looked down at the box in his hand which was almost frozen shut. He opened it and wiped the water from his eyes to see a ring. A promise ring that he wanted to give his soulmate the moment they found each other. A metal bond that now he’d never be able to give to another person. He choked back another sob and took it out of the box, throwing the box onto the frozen lake. He let the ring slip from his fingers, falling into the snow beside Castiel where it disappeared from view.
Castiel heard a choking noise. He felt tension in his own throat, like he should be helping, but his own feet wouldn’t move. Gabriel looked the same way, so Castiel did not feel as bad as he used to. Dean’s shadow was now raised above the floorboard, but the choking noise had thankfully stopped. Suddenly, Dean got the courage to make a move. He knocked the bottle out of the man’s hands and it shattered to the floor. The man got very angry and slammed his fist into Dean’s chest. Dean held his ground, though, and managed to handle it. He didn’t hit back, even when the man continued to hit him. The door suddenly fell open and Dean let himself fall on the porch, backing slowly away from the man.
“But he’s hella dreamy,” Charlie commented after observing him. She then saw Lisa Bradbury hanging on his shoulder. “Oh, for a lesbian like myself I feel weird saying this but he’s much dreamier than that bitch.”
Castiel shrugged, wishing he had a sweatshirt like Kevin. The colorful drawings were crazily crawling up his arm as they spoke. How on Earth did no one see anyone drawing on their arm like this during school?
Castiel tried to accustom himself to Dean’s harsh attitude but found it more difficult than he thought. “Where are you going?” He asked, confused. It was still lunchtime, but in a matter of minutes it would be time for their next class. “Doesn’t matter.” Dean murmured.
“I’m not in the mood for your games, Gabriel.” Castiel used his formal name, biting back another remark.
“That wouldn’t be good,” The teacher agreed peacefully. “Castiel, you are a bright young man. Seems to me like you’ve got someone whose life you are capable of saving, and whether or not you want to be with them, it would be desirable to keep them alive.” Castiel knew what his teacher meant, he knew what he was being persuaded to do, and it was the first time he had thought about it in that form. He supposed he’d just get through the rest of the day and think about it before he went to sleep as he usually ended up doing. “Yes, I agree with you. Thanks, your help is much appreciated,” Castiel assured him. The teacher smiled and excused Castiel from the room.
The time didn’t matter to either of the two anymore. It had seemed like forever, but it had to of been just a few minutes. “Dean,” Castiel breathed out, his voice much lower than he’d anticipated. Dean didn’t let go yet. “Hm?”
'I want you too. I wish you would tell me who you are. Why won’t you?' Castiel asked, patiently waiting for his soulmate’s interesting reply.
Once there, Dean walked past the guards and eventually found the right room after Castiel had politely asked a nurse where his father was staying. He didn't know the man’s first name but said Winchester and read the name John beside it on the screen list of patients. The three followed Dean anxiously into the room and stared at John who was no longer conscious. The nurse in the room must have been talking at some point, perhaps stating the man's condition but Dean Winchester did not hear a single word anyone uttered the whole time. Castiel paid attention for him.
“We should go back inside, it’s f-freezing.” Castiel shivered, with only a light jacket to keep him warm. Instead of agreeing, Dean took off his sports jacket and threw it over Castiel’s shoulders. He still had his leather jacket to wear so he wouldn’t freeze to death but the gesture was appreciated just as much. “Or, that works too..”
Castiel pondered a moment. He understood the message completely, but he wasn’t sure why his soulmate considered that to be a clue. Maybe he would just have to look for someone who constantly had bruises. It was honestly depressing but the fact that he was keeping someone alive made his heart flutter. He didn’t know his soulmate was someone so close to dying. But what did that mean? Obviously he was suicidal. His father probably beats him, Castiel thought.
A/N: 1000+ views?? Wtf. I'm crying; thank you so much!! I, um, may or may not have forgotten that weekends exist in this story so if someone calls me out on that you're right. I apologize and thank you for reading!! Also, I'd like to hear more of your thoughts. It keeps me inspired and makes me want to continue writing.
“We need to leave.” Castiel could see Dean's gears shifting as he stumbled over his legs to go. Castiel never wanted to leave. But he knew this was an important matter to Dean and he needed to be supportive. So he stood on his feet,  tossed on his jacket,  and stepped outside. “Gabe,” Sam leaned into his soulmate and let out a nervous whine. He was in a similar position to the older Winchester but felt a lot worse because the man hadn't physically hurt him yet.
Castiel wasn’t sure the best way to respond to that statement. That he knew wasn’t necessarily true, but he assumed his soulmate had been through enough and he’d have to bring his whole game to save both their lives.
“Oh, um… I just wanted to ask how you held up last night. Seeing as I wasn't there to… to keep you company, per se. Are you living alone now?” Castiel asked in a hushed whisper although nobody was around to hear anyways. “No,” Dean began sheepishly. “Bobby and Ellen took Sam and I in last night. They've got a daughter namer Jo.”
Castiel got really nervous and scrambled up to the window, peeking inside. Since it was chipped in the corner, he could hear what was going on the house and could see since it didn’t have curtains.
In his hand behind his back, he held a prickly red rose. He beckoned for Castiel to come forward but he seemed surprised Dean had returned so quickly. With a smile, Dean motioned once again and this time Castiel came to him, tilting his head ever so slightly to show curiosity and interest. Dean revealed the rose and handed it to Castiel, who nearly cut himself on the thorns.
Dean laughs at him and cuffs Cas on the shoulder. “We need to teach you sexier words, man. C’mere.” He pulls Cas back into his embrace, feels the moment Cas’s cock brushes up against his thigh, and sees the slight dilation of his pupils, hears the sharp inhalation. “Feels good, huh?”
Dean sits back, thinking, then mops up some of his stew with a hunk of bread that’s mostly crust. He chews, thoughtfully. “I guess I don’t.”
Cas’ eyes widen as he realizes what Dean has said, and he threads his fingers into Dean’s hair, hand resting on his head like a benediction. He rocks forward, experimentally, and Dean stills to be the yielding receptacle to Cas’s thrusts.
When Dean finally finishes telling the story of how they tricked Chuck, they turn back to find Sam and Eileen still standing on the other side of the road, two feet apart and awkward as ever. Eileen signs something to Sam and he turns around as Cas and Dean approach. “Uh, hey,” Sam says. The muscle in his left jaw twitches as he swallows. That’s been happening a lot lately, Dean thinks.
“Love you, doofus,” she says, and then she lets him go. He watches as she and Stevie head up the narrow stairs to the door, juggling babies and an overflowing diaper bag. Dean wouldn’t be them for all the Scooby snacks on the planet. Time to go find Cas again, he figures.
Dean looks down, runs his tongue over too-dry lips, and he looks away. Hearing Cas’ name — he just needs him so badly.
As they leave Lebanon and turn onto the road to take them back to the bunker, Dean thinks about all the lives that might have been, the different versions of the timeline ahead. The ones Sam told him about where they killed each other. The one where they turned into werewolves or vampires and Bobby and Jody killed them. The one where he was stuck in a Ma'lak box for eternity going slowly mad from the Mark of Cain. The pointless one he always feared, dying on some random, meaningless hunt, killed by a rusty nail or falling down a hole and snapping his neck, wrapping up some mess his Dad left unfinished. All of those awful, meaningless ends, performing his pain for someone else’s twisted pleasure.
“Good, Donna,” says Sam, leaning towards the phone. “Everything okay? I’m uh… surprised to hear from you.”
And then he feels — light. Cas’ grace reaching into him from behind. He braces for pain but unlike every other time Cas has touched his soul, this doesn’t hurt. This is — he has no words. He feels wholly loved, as he is, like there is nothing more he needs to do, no one else he needs to be. He is entirely enough as himself.
“What? No! I mean,” Dean tells himself to take a deep breath but it’s not working. He can feel the tightness in his chest, the thump of his heart beating in double-time. “How can you tell?” he asks, only to realize he’s absolutely given himself away if that was intended as some kind of sally to see if he’ll fall into the trap. It’d serve him right if someone took a photo of him right now and captioned it with “bi panic”. Breathe. Breathe, goddammit.
Jack looks — well, Jack looks weirdly calm for a guy who’s just imbibed 300 gallons of God juice. He smiles, closes his eyes. There’s four, five seconds of eerie silence. Dean’s pretty sure he holds his breath.
Cas’ arms surround him, his strength and warmth a balm to his soul. Dean rests his head in the crook of Cas’ neck, cradled, Cas’ fingers at the nape of his neck. The rest of the world falls away, Cas’ solidity the only reality. The hot tears really start to fall now, the ache of what he’s given in the past to get this closeness, the echo of Cassie accusing him of shutting the door anytime he got anywhere into the neighbourhood of vulnerability, the games he’s had to play. And she wasn’t wrong.
“No, not the projection or whatever.” Dean shakes his head, turning away from Cas slightly as memories surface of his time in the boys’ home. “I mean, yes of course that’s a whole thing, but I meant who she is. You see Cas, places like this are…  hard for anyone who doesn’t play the game. If she’s stuck here too long, she's going to have a choice — either come out and get eaten alive, or turn hard and pretend she’s… she’s…” His voice catches as he remembers that choice; of that harsh numbness he carried before his angel laid his hands on him and his light released him. It’s going to be even worse for her, he realises. Dean was a guy who wanted to be softer, who liked looking at the other boys sometimes, liked it when Rhonda let him try on her panties. Greta isn’t a boy at all.
“Good,” says Cas. “I want that too. When I was in the Empty, I imagined holding you. Comforting you.”
“Depends how good you are assembling baby furniture!” she says, and then she laughs and stands up. “Good talk,” she signs and says. Dean watches her walk away and goes back to Sam’s laptop and his list of tasks for the day.
The image switches to the President, standing in front of a lectern, her black hair tied back neatly, her teal suit immaculate.
“Hi, Donna,” Eileen says, once it’s connected. Donna’s outside, next to her car, her uniform neat as always. She waves at them from the small screen. “Nice to meet you, finally.”
“Outback Kangaroo Feast?” Cas says, as they walk back to the car. “Happy Hips? Beaverdam? Where do they get these names? Lamb and sweet potato stew,” he reads. “Actually, that one doesn’t sound bad.”
“Yeah, we do. Supernatural shit is real. Monsters are real. Believe it, because if you don’t you may never understand what Sammy and I have to deal with.” Dean answered. Castiel shook his head, wanting to comprehend what Dean meant. “Then take me on a hunt. Prove it. Let me understand,” Castiel pleaded, sitting beside Dean on the couch.
'I don’t mean to put you in this situation. But… It takes away the pain. I am not supposed to talk to you, my father has forbidden it. Before I let you risk your life by getting close to me, I need to know how much you care. If you can’t figure out my name, you must not care. Not enough. And for this, I need all you’ve got. Because the people close to me always get hurt. I don’t want you to be hurt too. I can’t fall in love with you. Soulmates? Do you honestly believe we’re meant to be together?'
“I quite like the idea of that,” Eileen says, looking up at Sam with a cheeky smile. “You’d make a great teacher, Sam.”
“See you in the morning, Cas,” says Dean, and he wonders if one day soon, he’ll be brave enough to say it back.
, he’s not going to lose it again. He feels — frayed. The whiplash of going from despair to being Chuck’s punching bag to the elation at Cas’s return to fear at Jack’s omnipotence — is it any wonder he’s jittery? He needs a burger and a beer. With a whiskey chaser. Cas puts his hand on the seat between them, like he’s reaching out, but Dean can’t even think about that right now.
hand on Cas’s thigh, Cas’ arm around his shoulders.  Then he feels Cas’s gaze on him, heavy, and sure enough when he raises his eyes, Cas is looking back at him. Cas’s tongue darts out ever so briefly to wet his lips, and Dean knows that if he made some excuse and hinted for the others to leave, they would, but they’d also assume it’s because he and Cas are going to fuck and that’s not it at all. Maybe Cas would assume that too and Dean doesn’t want to lead him on. Sure, he said he didn’t mind waiting but even angels have limits to their patience, right? Fucking hell, but sometime soon, they need to fucking
Cas shrugs out of his trenchcoat, folds it neatly and places it carefully on the chair next to the green sofa. Dean glances around his room, as if he’s seeing it for the first time.
She waves a vague hand at him, encompassing the whole of him, and for a moment he imagines himself as he thinks she sees him, and realizes that at some point in the last decade, he became an adult, that his whole adult life has been rushing towards a deadline, to save the world, to kill the next demon, to stop the next seal from being broken, and that for the first time in his life, he really might have time to just — stop for a while, and focus on the journey.
Dean feels the energy flowing between them like a loop, from Cas’ hands at Dean’s back through Dean’s arm and into Cas’ chest, like their bond made manifest. The sensation of Cas’ grace grows stronger and the air around them seems to shimmer.
They rock together, fused, molten — white heat rising, the scent of clean sweat and his own oaky musk, the slap of skin and the smack of lips, the taste of Cas,
Cas nods, almost shyly, his fingertips running along Dean’s forearm, and Dean is reminded forcefully again of Cas, tear-drenched, saying that being with Dean — like this — was something he thought he couldn’t have.
Their bodies shift in sync, both of Cas’ hands grasping the meat of Dean’s ass, Dean’s arms around Cas’ neck. He moves his mouth on Cas’ again, lips sliding, dips his tongue into that warm haven, feels Cas’ tongue respond, questing, the ebb and flow, withdrawing only to have Cas chase, then turning to meet him again. They draw back, kiss a few times, press of lips on lips, soft touches, his top lip between Cas’s lips, then Cas’s lip between his, damp slide and gasp. He opens again and Cas mirrors him, like it’s a dance they both know effortlessly. Cas’ hands slide up to the sway of Dean’s lower back and he presses them closer together. Dean’s thighs burn, he’s spread so wide, falling into Cas’ mouth again, again, and lower, Cas’ stiff length so wet between them. He gets lost with the man’s tongue in his mouth, falls into it headlong.
Dean kisses the soft skin on the inside of Cas’s thigh. “You can let me be the little spoon…” He just wants to snuggle up now, maybe exchange a few more kisses, and then sleep.
“Time to leave these two lovebirds to their nest.” Cas pulls Dean to his feet. With his back to Sam and Eileen, he raises a solitary eyebrow, and Dean grins. The whole bunker to themselves — he hadn’t actually considered the ramifications of that, but now that Cas has brought it up, he’s on board. “Are you okay to drive?”
He feels Cas shift next to him, turn to face him, but he keeps looking away. The dark and not looking is the only thing letting him say this at all.
When his part of the photos are done, he grabs a moment to himself leaning against Baby, readying himself to play chauffeur and preparing to face the hordes, when suddenly Greta is next to  him, wearing some kind of flowy peach number that makes him feel like he’s too clumsy to be in the same room.
“And yours are equally green, Dean. I love them. I love your freckles too.” He caresses Dean’s cheek, like he’s tracing constellations.
“Yeah, Cas, when you ‘raised me from perdition’, but after that too, over and over. Cas, man, I got layers of crap so deep, it’s hard to find the good under it but you…” He stops, swallows. “Then I started to … feel things for you but I told myself a man like me could never deserve you. And even then, you believed in me. You — loved
It takes a while for a property to come up nearby — Lebanon’s a town of just over 200 souls and even Smith Centre barely has 2000. Bizarrely, Sam and Eileen end up finding a cute cottage in Esbon, becoming the 98th and 99th resident respectively. Baby will be resident 100, if all goes to plan, and honestly, that’s weirdly comforting in its spookiness.
“Okay,” he says. “I think I understand the appeal. It’s about choice again, and comfort.” He sets his recliner to about halfway back, his legs out in front of him.
“Even better,” Dean continues, “he’d be JD for short. Good ole JD.” He turns back to the grocery-unpacking to hide his smirk.
Thank goodness, Dean thinks. This kid really loves her. He wasn’t sure what he would have said to Greta if Carter had reacted poorly.
“We found her…" Dean begins, as soon as they get within earshot. He doesn’t have a chance to finish before Carter hugs him tightly out of nowhere, overcome with relief. Dean hesitates for a moment before he lets himself half-return the hug.
It’s as if Carter makes a decision, his movements suddenly confident and sure. He touches her on the shoulder and she looks back at him. He pulls her in for a hug, and she melts into his arms gratefully. After a few moments, he steps back, holding her away to inspect her a little. “Wait,” he says. “Are you… taller?” She’s still a few inches shorter than him, but now that Carter mentions it, Dean can see it too…
“When humans psychically co-locate, they often appear as an idealised version of themselves,” Cas says plainly, as though that was somehow a straightforward statement.
Dean steps into the room, and closes the door behind him, stands there for a moment with his back to it, drinking his fill. Dean feels warmth welling up in him just looking.
“I know I want to be close with you, Cas,” he says. “I don’t just want this to be some hippy-dippy ethereal thing where we vibe on the same frequency but we never, y’know…”
“Don’t, man,” Dean starts. “I used to like the character I was playing but after a while, I didn’t anymore.”
Dean nods, wordless, and Cas’s hands fumble with Dean’s belt buckle, slip the belt out of the loops, flick open the button on the jeans and gently lower his pants. They both realize at the same time that the shoes need to come off first, and Dean laughs as Cas kneels down to help untie the laces on his boots, and help him out of them. Cas nuzzles against Dean’s thigh as he comes back up and Dean leans down to step out of the jeans. Dean’s standing in his bedroom with a man practically kneeling in front of him, wearing nothing but dark green cotton briefs and somehow, he feels only warmth and reverence for his — lover? Boyfriend? He realizes they’ve never actually discussed it.
“You got it. If you can call that stuff bacon…” Dean throws an arm out to include her in the family hug. Dammit, guess he’s a hugger now. He blames Garth.
“I did,” she says in response. “I have no idea who anyone is or why they’re excited to meet me, but they all seem nice?”
Her eyes well with tears, and she shrinks down. “I’m so sorry, I never meant to mislead you,” she says, her voice breaking.
“Hey, Greta,” says Jody. “Welcome to our humble abode. Come on in and meet everyone — I think you’re going to fit right in. No need to be shy.”
“Better than that ‘Taste of the Wild’ crapola. Thought it sounded okay until I saw ‘roasted quail’ and ‘smoked turkey’. Gimme a break. My dog does not need to eat better’n me.”
“Try me. We know you’re Greta. We know it’s not a wig, or a costume, or some kind of a disguise to commit crimes.”
He teases for a little longer and then finally, finally licks along Cas’ balls, his shaft. It’s been a long time, but this silken skin is so familiar on his tongue. The musky smell of him is reassuring, Cas but earthier. His dick jumps slightly as Dean laps ever so gently against the bundles of nerves under the head.
In the darkness, after, Dean stares at the ceiling, and says, quietly, almost hoping Cas won’t hear him, “I don’t know how Sam can face it, being a father.”
“I don’t know if it’ll work out before then,” he says, “but I’ll be 18 in two months and then I’ll drive out and we’ll be together. You’ll see, it’ll go so quickly you won’t notice.” He holds her tight, then pulls back again, but this time it’s to lean in and kiss her. Dean looks away awkwardly at Cas when it starts to get a little heated. He coughs, low, and they break apart reluctantly, holding hands until the last second, their fingertips trailing against each other outstretched until they finally let go.
“If you need it to make sense, Dean, I can make it some kind of fuel-cell thing with a hydro component. It could even still have pistons. And the exhaust will just be water vapour.”
Dean frowns, derailed from his train of thought. “In a Leviticus way? That whole ‘lie with a man as with a woman’ thing?”
They lie there in silence for a few minutes, just gazing at each other, Cas' fingers trailing lightly up and down Dean's back, and then Dean’s stomach rumbles loudly.
Eileen says, “Who’s the president?” and Dean glances in the rear-vision mirror as Sam looks it up, grins and signs back three letters. He didn’t catch what that meant, but they’re both laughing happily, so it must be good news.
Dean cringes internally. He doesn’t want to explain. Not now, not like this. “Don’t need it,” he mutters. “Just put it back.”
Spoiler: This chapter contains an original trans character but we promise nothing bad happens to her. There are references to dysphoria, references to feared reactions from loved ones that don't occur and references to the issues with being incarcerated in a single-sex institution that doesn't match your identity. The character is loved, has autonomy and choices and ends up being welcomed into a found family.
Jody hands Dean another bowl to dry, and says, seemingly to the dishwater, “So you two finally got it together, huh? I’m happy for you.”
Cas goes to take his own shirt off and Dean stops him. “Let me,” he says, and Cas drops his hands to his sides.
It’s completely automatic now for them to wander to their room together — they’ve been doing it for months — but with no one else in the vicinity, Dean feels weirdly free.
They head to the convenience store, which looks the same as ever. Dean comes out with three different flavours of kibble and has loaded Cas up with a tray of cans, and Sam’s newspaper tucked under one arm.
“Der, I’m psychic?” says Patience with all the disdain of a highschooler with no parental influence to speak of. Dean resolves to have a chat with Jody later. It’s a disgrace. He’s not sure if it’s worse that she caught the tail end of what he was thinking rather than some profound bond that is stamped on his forehead for everyone to see.
show you how that works.” He wriggles up the bed and shifts Cas so he’s leaning back against Dean’s chest, nestled between his legs. He takes Cas’s hand and moves it down, towards himself, and in this position, Dean can whisper directly into Cas’ ear. He feels warm all over.
“You’re so beautiful, Dean. So beautiful,” Cas gushes. He laughs, an edge of hysteria creeping in. “I had no idea you would look even more beautiful on your knees for me. How is that even possible?”
“It’s a steak house?” he says. “So I guess it’s funny? Like, instead of a stag head. Oh, no, wait, there’s one of those too.” He points and Cas looks.
“All that matters is right now.” Dean sounded strict, but certain. Castiel admired that tone of voice; it was so demanding and he liked the way it made him feel. He nodded with no verbal reply and laid his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean suddenly moved and forced Castiel to himself.
Castiel opened his eyes and cast a glance at the clock hanging crookedly on his wall, he adjusted himself to the dimly lit room and sat up straight in his gigantic bed. 7:05am?! He’d slept in hours past what he was supposed to.
“What’s wrong?” Charlie asked as she started chomping on her burger, nearly getting ketchup all over her nerdy shirt.
He wanted to say something sweet, or explain his reasoning but he didn't know what exactly to say. So he didn't say anything and nuzzled Dean's neck. The other Dean seemed embarrassed at Castiel's gesture but he enjoyed the attention.
Castiel flushed the brightest he’d ever known to be possible when he realized he had written what he was thinking.
“Dean, can I speak to you?” Castiel asked upon finding him at his locker. 2263. Of course that was his locker number. Dean's face went deathly pale like a kindergartener going to the principal's office for the first time. “Uh, yeah. Sure, Cas.”
He turned slowly and smirked at the person who had came running back. It was Dean. The REAL Dean. The one whose eyes gleamed whiter than the snow and whose look of anguish couldn’t begin to be described with words. He dropped to his knees at his soulmate’s body and paid no attention to the tears streaming down his face.
Then he printed out a list of all the girls in his year, crossing off all the names he knew for sure wouldn’t be his soulmate. He put a few question marks by the ones that wore sleeves. He sighed as he realized there weren’t very many left on his list.
Dean hesitantly opened the door, blinking as he walked inside. Immediately he knew whose room this was. Or had been. “Cas,” Dean exhaled, breathing in his unmistakable scent.
Charlie continued to show her support. “I understand, Dean, but you’re his /soulmate/. Some people aren’t even lucky enough to have one. Since you do, you need to do everything in your power to make sure that Castiel is happy. And I don’t exactly think he’s content being called a, uhmm.. ‘Shitty outcast.’” Charlie huffed, “Especially by his soulmate.”
“Oh, er, why don’t I just help? There’s not really much to do until Christmas and I’ve been meaning to find a way to occupy my time.” Dean offered, still avoiding Castiel’s eyes. His fingers wrapped around the top of one of the chairs at the long table.
“Cas. Well, I’m about to… so you should probably go away now. Lots of kinky shit happening in a bit.” Dean grunted under his breath with a small sigh only Castiel was able to hear. Diego and the others curled their noses and stared at the two of them. Castiel choked on his own spit but kept himself together. “Hey, Cas, wanna try out those new ropes I just got? Or the handcuffs?”
'Green eyes?!' Castiel wrote in a scramble. Three clear points appeared on his wrist. His soulmate was apparently speechless and it bothered him. He needed to have a beneficial conversation with the person he is meant to spent the rest of his life with. He only has twelve more days.
Across the cheek was the brief outline of someone’s lips. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t wash it away. He didn’t bother thinking about the gender, the thought didn’t even cross his mind once. He remembered feeling such a deep emotion. His soulmate didn’t want him.
“Will you at least come with me?” Gabriel whined, giving Castiel the puppy dog eyes he’d practiced for several minutes before he chose to approach his brother. Castiel rolled his eyes, “Sure, whatever.”
“I can do whatever I want,” the man told him. He kicked Dean more across the porch and out of his way. “Give me the cash.” Dean looked exhausted, and beaten, so much that he caved and stopped being so brave. He dropped fifty dollars in his father's rough hands but no more. The man didn't seem to notice the difference between fifty dollars and five hundred and walked down the porch steps thankfully ignoring Sam.
Dean started gawking around the first sentence and his jaw doesn’t have any wider it can go. He shuts his mouth. “Is… uh. Is there anyone who doesn’t know?”
After Freckles leaves, Cas immediately turns to Dean. “Not entirely human but not a monster either. Obviously. Shifter?”
She asks him a bunch of questions, then says she thinks a guy named James might be a good match, books him in for Thursday a week away, gives him a number to call and tells him again that she’s glad he got in touch. He scrawls the name and number down on a piece of scrap paper, thanks her and thumbs off the connection.
“Yes, it took me a while to understand that one as well,” says Cas. “It’s not literal. Humans are very creative when they swear.”
“So, is there a reason for your call, Donna?” asks Cas. Dean catches himself gazing gratefully at Cas and then realises the irony  — oh no, he is
When they’ve all slowed down a bit, Jody pushes back her plate. “So what’ve you kids been up to, back at that bunker of yours?”
“Yeah, about that. I was just telling Cas. I let her go. About a year ago. It — I — Look, I acted out of grief and I didn’t stop to think.”
going to turn into Sam. Uh uh. He squares his shoulders, and clears his throat. He’s pretty sure no one’s noticed.
“Is Carter okay?” Grant asks, urgently. He’s leaned forward, intent on the answer. “I didn’t mean… Does he know…
Dean reaches out and squeezes Cas’s hand, and Cas squeezes back. Sam raises an eyebrow, and Eileen shakes her head minutely at him. Jack smiles, and Dean keeps his hand where it is, feeling exposed but brave.
It’s the Sunday after they get back from Sioux Falls, and the first Sunday of the month is family dinner. It’s a new tradition, in the sense that this is the first time, but Dean is determined. Roast beef, root vegetables. He even put the vegetables in a different dish so Sam and Eileen can eat them too, and let Eileen make some rice pillow thing that’s yellow and has nuts and fruit in it.
There’s still pie. Good pie. Cherry and apple, today, with a crumbly pastry that has just the right amount of butter in it. He shovels another forkful into his face, and closes his eyes. It’s fucking erotic, that’s what it is. He feels warm all over, feels how good the pie is in his toes. He can’t help the little moan that escapes from his throat but when he opens his eyes to check Cas isn’t judging him, the man is just gazing at him with doe eyes.
Thank you so, so much to Josie for the sensitivity read, and to badrituals and CallenOftheNorth for the beta reads. Obviously any remaining errors are all ours. (Phoenix also wants to thank jad & Huntress on the ProfoundBond server for writing advice that seriously improved the story — thank you!!!)
“Dean, honestly,” says Cas, half-sitting up. “Which bit of Chuck being a giant jerk did you miss? Why do you suddenly think there’s any validity in 613 random rules He put together to dick around with a group of desperate refugees in a desert that He’d gaslit into thinking they were His favourites?”
“It’s a helluva time to bail,” says Dean. “Got a lot of people counting on you. People with questions. They’re gonna need answers.”
“And so, what… you can teleport? How come that doesn’t set off alarms here, when you poof out of existence?”
Dean was right about Sam’s intentions but he’s still surprised about the momentum of everything when they get back. It’s a whirlwind and next thing he knows, a month has passed, there are hunters from all over the country staying at the bunker and he’s got Cas fiddling with his bow-tie and smoothing down his suit. If he were any less nervous, he’d shoo the guy’s hands off him. As it is, the assistance is kinda necessary.
Cas’ free hand squeezes between their torsos, reaching down to fiddle with the latch of his slacks, and eventually it gets so distracting that Dean pushes him away enough to get both his hands in there and do it himself.
phoenix would like to acknowledge that the conversation about the restructure of heaven wouldn't be the same without n_nami's fabulous
Cas looks apologetic, one side of his mouth quirking up, but he pulls a chair up and he sits. Dean can’t help but notice he’s a little closer than usual. And for a man who doesn’t pay a heck of a lot of attention to personal space on a regular day, that’s saying something. Cas is picking at the label on his beer, not looking at Dean. Dean’s still running on adrenaline, or the aftershocks of adrenaline crash, one or the other. He can’t quite stop shaking, and he’s got this voice on a loop in the back of his mind.
you read this. also thanks to the folks in the profoundbond writer's café — your support is invaluable.
Dean’s glad he’s put the bowls down when Greta walks into the room, because he might have dropped something otherwise. She looks amazing — hair still too short, but long, dangly earrings with some kind of light blue stones brush her shoulders and soften that. He was worried that she was going to come down with bright red lipstick or something else inappropriate for a 16-year-old but he should have trusted Claire and Kaia more. The make-up is flawless — he’s terrible at that kind of thing so he doesn’t know exactly what they’ve done, just that her skin seems smoother, and she’s got some kind of light shine on her lips and gold and copper around her eyes. She’s wearing a gauzy loose top over a slender cream cami, with a silver chain belt, and a tan A-frame skirt. She also looks even taller, and suddenly he realises that it’s just because she’s stopped slouching.
"What do you mean?" Carter looks confused again, poor guy. Dean really has to remember not everyone has been dealing with this shit for 15 years.
They drive a little further. Dean remembers this stretch of Sioux Falls; it’s like there’s a church every few blocks. The next one has a classic white sign-board out front with black metal letters spelling out, “I AM IN EVERY DROP OF FALLING RAIN, SAITH THE LORD. EVERY SPECK OF DUST THAT THE WIND BLOWS. AND IN THE SAND, AND THE ROCKS, AND THE SEA. — Book of Jack, 26:8-13”. Cas reads out another one from the other side: “HE FORGIVES AND CURES THE MONSTROUS. MICHAEL 10:8.”
"Don't be angry with her, kid. She wanted to tell you… it's just… hard to explain, ya know? Especially with the whole psychic projection thing." Dean silently chuckles. So much for the idea that maybe life would get a little less complicated post-Apocalypse. Armageddon. Whatever.
“I uh… so, listen,” James says. “I don’t wanna get all starstruck on you, but also, transparency. Obviously, I know who you are. Been a hunter myself, dropped more monsters than I care to think about. And now, y’know, working on a retirement plan.”
Dean’s all set to say that idea can jump in a swamp — Chuck hasn’t given them diddly — when Sam, looking sappily at Eileen, says slowly, “Yeah. I like that one.”
Dean physically aches for that, feels as though every atom in his body is straining towards Cas. He makes himself take a breath, makes himself drink again. And when his heart has slowed down a little, and he trusts himself to speak, he says quietly, “Oh, Cas, I wanted that so much, when I thought you were gone forever.”
, all swoops and swirls, white picket-fence around the open-air seating and the patrons all chirpy with their shakes and the red-and-white paper straws matching the checked tablecloths.
“That is a much more complicated question than you realize,” says Cas, and he looks like he’s about to launch into a rant about biblical genders, so Dean puts a hand on his forearm.
“I think…” Cas hesitates. “I think last time I was too nervous to let myself really feel it. That was — incredible. Can I… is there some way for me to return the favour, Dean?”
“So this some kind of astral projection? Or more like a clone situation?” Dean is trying very hard not to sound as confused as he is, but the logistics are twisting his head a little.
They sit in silence for a moment, and then Dean stands up. “Look, kid. We haven’t got all day. We’re gonna go have a little chat with the warden, and then maybe you and us can take a stroll in the yard. Have a think about what I said, okay?”
“There used to be one prophet per archangel,” Cas says. “Maybe Jack liked that set-up? Or it’s a cosmic prank…”
Cas kisses his shoulder. “I think that sounds like a really good idea. But in the morning, okay? I’ll hold you. You sleep.”
Cas reaches for Dean’s hand, and Dean takes it, almost without thinking. “It’s not your job, any more, Dean.”
He spends a little time reading up on the new fuel-cell engines, and more time under Baby, working out what he’ll still be able to fix himself. She even smells different — electric-metallic instead of the tang of gas and oil — and he tries not to be cranky about it. Evenings are spent having a quiet drink with everyone in the map room, or hanging out with Cas down in the den, watching reruns of Dr Sexy and introducing Cas to the genius of films like
“I still don’t know how to say it back,” Dean admits. “Never been particularly good with words. Don’t think I ever said those particular words to anyone. But I need you to know. Me too. I mean. I feel that, too. What you said.”
“Uh, you,” says Dean, flicking through the clipboard in his hands before he looks up. “Freckles. Paperwork says the kid’s in for theft. Anything unusual about the case?”
roll his eyes at Dean, so that’s a job well done, but then they’re gone, and Dean and Cas are left alone. And, well. Fuck.
“C’mon. You know what? We’ll spruce the place up, we’ll get some recliners. Get you one of those big screen TVs.”
“Are you asking me on a date, Dean Winchester?” Cas’ smile is arcing up the corners of his mouth like he can’t help it, and Dean feels his own smile light up in return.
This chapter is really important to both of us — we promise only lovely things happen but if you're worried or feeling fragile, we've added some spoilers in the end notes.
They don’t take long with the menu — Dean is here for steak, after all, and Cas decides to try the ribs — and after they’ve ordered, they chat, about the bees, and Sam and Eileen’s hunt for a place to live, and repairs to the bunker’s air conditioning system since Mrs Butters left. Dean’s got the TV screen behind Cas just in his vision, so when the news headlines come on, he scans them by default. And then he stops and reads that again. COURT GRANTS MACKENZIE SCOTT FULL 200BN BEZOS FORTUNE FOLLOWING BILLIONAIRE DEATH, reads the ticker, and the closed captions on the news reader are even more astonishing.
Dean laughs at him. They toss the food and the newspaper in the back seat, and pull away from the curb, Baby rumbling gently under his hands, Led Zeppelin playing from the cassette.
“Your Charlie,” she says, and how did she get that from what he let slip? Sometimes she’s spooky. “I know I’m not her… but I think she’s here somehow… and she’s so proud of you, Dean.”
They introduce themselves to his parents, and they’re ushered into a simple lounge with a dark grey sofa and two checkered arm chairs that match the khaki and gold cushions. Dean settles himself down next to Carter and Cas perches on one of the chairs.  Once the kid’s mom leaves to get them all a drink, Carter retrieves a carefully folded  strip of photographs from the inside of his jacket — the kind that comes out of those cheesy photobooths you only find in old malls. His expression sweetens as he passes it to Dean.
Jody comes out of the house wiping her hands down on her jeans. She shakes her head at Dean as he climbs out of the car, then steps up and wraps him up in a big hug, standing on her toes.
“It was like this with everyone,” he sniffles. “With Lee. With Lisa. I’m so screwed up, Cas.” All he wants, all he’s ever wanted, is to be loved, this unconditional closeness and everything he’s been taught, everything his
“To start with, I had to really concentrate to be in both places — like if someone bumped into me here, I’d lose the connection but I got better and better at it. I guess when Carter… I just got overwhelmed.” He — wait, Dean thinks. If the kid says she’s a girl, then he guesses he’d better switch how he thinks of her in his head.
Dean turns on the TV and flops himself down into his chair, and the others find their way to seats as well. Dean fiddles with the remote till he gets the closed captions showing for Eileen, and then he sits back, takes a sip of his whiskey and lets himself relax a bit. Sam and Eileen get lost in the play, cheering when their team scores.
Cas turns his head, kisses into Dean’s palm.  “The things I want to do to you, though…” He chuckles. “I’m not sure all of them are legal.”
He’s as ready as he’s going to be, and if he’s honest, kind looking forward to this, to the sounds Cas is going to make, to that feeling that he’s the one who made those sounds possible. And he’s always had a bit of a thing for oral, let’s not pussyfoot around that.
“So,” he starts, and fuck his nerves, really. He clears his throat and starts again. “You asked me, what now? What do
“Your hair!” Carter exclaims. He bounces on the balls of his feet, like he wants to reach out but isn’t sure what’s welcome yet.
He clocks the moment when the flavour changes, pre-cum getting thicker. He draws his lips over his teeth and closes his eyes. He sinks down as far as he can, relaxing his throat, opening himself, willing himself to take whatever Cas gives him, thinking,
Back at the bunker, Sam and Eileen make their excuses and head to Sam’s room, Eileen leading him by the hand. Sam looks back at Dean for a moment like he feels he ought to be doing something else, or that he’s going to get in trouble or something and it’s all Dean can do not to roll his eyes at him again. He gives Sam a thumbs up and a shoo-ing motion, and Sam
Before Greta can respond, Claire and Kaia come tumbling into the room, talking and laughing. “You’re here!” Kaia exclaims. “Hey, I’m Kaia. I think you’re more Claire’s size than mine — come on…”
he knows. Isn’t sure whether it’s obvious Cas stayed in his bed. Isn’t sure whether he cares if Sam knows that.
“Oh yes. We all are. Not sure why that’s worked for Bess since she’s a purebred. Pretty sure the same has happened with the vamps. We think Jack’s rationale was that if a person started out as a person and they were
“Don’t you start that again,” Dean says, rough, as he swipes at his own eyes. He pauses, looks back towards Sam and — is that Eileen? Huh. He shakes the image of bruised and bloodied Sam from this morning out of his mind, thinks about what he and Sam did to get them here. “I let Chuck live, just now. He said I was the ultimate killer, but I told him that’s not who I am. Because
“Dean! Good to see you!” The voice is high-pitched and at first Dean doesn’t recognise it but then it dawns on him and he turns as Garth’s lanky hand thunks him on the shoulder awkwardly a few times and then he’s reeled in for a hug.
Sam and Eileen are already eating at the table in the nook next to the kitchen when Dean and Cas get there. Dean sighs inwardly. To be honest, he was kinda hoping they’d still be asleep. Or out. He’s nervous about seeing Sam after last night. Isn’t sure what Sam knows, or
“Been talking that through with Donna, actually,” says Garth. Is everyone talking with Donna? The woman does seem indefatigable. Garth waves over a blonde woman. “Oh, hey, you remember Bess and the kids? Little Sam and Little Cas weren’t even walkin’ last you saw them! Lookit ’em now, though.” Two little toddlers look gummily up at Dean, and he gives them a half-hearted wave. The little girl hiding behind Garth gives him a toothy grin. It’s frankly unnerving.
He looks around again, tries to imagine them all in a few years, maybe Christmas morning, a tree in that corner, and wrapping paper all over the floor, kids squealing. Cas by his side. He reaches over and squeezes Cas’ hand. “G’night,” he says, simply. And they leave.
“This generous donation from Ms Scott has been made to the government with a couple of conditions.” She clears her throat. “Firstly, that we immediately move towards establishing a living wage for all Americans. Secondly, that we immediately enter into global negotiations to do the same across all our nations, establishing a global government, which has become possible recently with the remarkable cessation of hostilities across the planet over the last few months. We have agreed to both of these conditions and gratefully accept this donation.”
"Not her body," he repeats woodenly, before turning to Dean with a frown. "That makes a weird kind of sense, actually. I mean, she literally vanished in front of me. Everyone thinks I'm crazy or that I did something or that I'm lying but she really did disappear. I was beginning to think I was losing it."
He turns around to survey the crowd. There’s Charlie and Stevie, each  with a baby in their arms and he’s not sure when anyone had time for that unless Stevie was already pregnant when she was blipped by Chuck and honestly that doesn’t bear thinking about.
“Can I… can I touch? Cas?” His voice wrecked, blood thrumming through him,  his cock harder than he can remember in his life.
On his knees, he prepares to cherish Cas with his mouth. He kisses softly along the line of his belly. He licks down his inguinal crease, runs his hands down the outsides of his firm thighs, presses his thumbs in as he licks back up. He kisses the inside of Cas’ knee and soothes him when he shies away from it. He kisses and nips the sensitive skin on the insides of his thighs. The muscles in Cas’ legs are quivering, and he’s letting out little gasps and grunts like he can’t contain them.
Dean smiles even more widely and kisses Cas again, soft. “No, bro, that’s uh, called a blow job. And, uh, it wouldn’t be my first rodeo.”
hard, just enjoy the kisses and the sensation of Cas, strong, solid Cas, wrapped around him, touching him
Cas bends down and kisses Dean firmly on the mouth, and says, “Yes, Dean. I would like that very much.”
Cas nods, wordless, a shudder running through him as Dean tugs down the cotton boxers. He pulls them down over Cas’ half-hard cock, holds them as Cas steps out of them.
“I don’t know anything about that,” says Carter. He sounds like he’s telling the truth, to Dean’s ears. He’s got a reasonable idea what it sounds like when someone is evading a question about their sexuality, to his own chagrin.
“You bilocate,” says Cas, wonderingly. Grant — Greta? — frowns and tucks non-existent hair behind an ear again, then scratches at one shoulder with the other hand. “You’re in two places at once,” Cas explains. “You’re not the first. Historically, they’ve usually been lauded as saints, not locked up. But, I doubt Anthony of Padua stole dresses…”
Dean grins back, gets slightly stuck gazing into eyes bluer than the sky, and then they both look down, abashed, and take another mouthful.
“What d’you mean, course he’s gonna come back to the bunker,” says Dean. “He’s the man with the plan, he’s top dog, he can do whatever he wants now.” Dean means,
“You say that like it’s a bad thing…” He sits on the edge of the bed, and pulls Dean towards him like he can’t get enough, like that split-second of being apart was too much. With the way Cas is positioned, there’s nothing else for Dean to do except to clamber onto the bed, and straddle him, so he does, one leg to either side of him, ankles tucked against his thighs, their naked bodies touching in so many places, warm skin everywhere. Cas tangles his fingers in Dean’s hair again, tilts his head and devours Dean’s mouth for what feels like the hundredth time tonight. Dean’s lips are beginning to tingle. He’s warm, too warm. His heart is pounding and he’s getting that gentle hum all over. His dick is rubbing up and down the planes of Cas’ abdomen and it feels so nice, everything just buzzing with the sensation of touch and the kisses, still the kisses. He’s hard, but it doesn’t matter, because no one expects him to do anything with that. He can just
Dean looks at his watch, and then at the sky again. “I don’t want to break up the party,” he says, “but if we’re gonna make it in time for dinner, we need to get going.”
“Don’t know if you heard...” Pause for effect. “Sam’n’Eileen are expecting.” He hears her little gasp, and he’s kind of thrilled he’s the one who got to break the news to her. “I figure, Sam doesn’t need a big brother any more, but those kids you’re talking about do, and I’ve got runs on the board, y’know?”
“Sounds about right,” he says, reassuringly. “I would not be your age again if you paid me. Body out of control.” He shudders. “Okay, we’ve got some things to sort out but leave this with us, okay?”
Dean walks over to the fridge and rustles around for the meat, pulls out the milk while he’s at it. Then he catches sight of Cas — in Dean’s shirt, natch; he’s so glad they’re the same size —  pouring them both a coffee, and Dean can’t help the grin tugging at the corner of his lips. Turns out he’s too happy to be nervous, after all.
“Stand up,” he says. Cas swings his legs over the side of the bed and stands awkwardly next to it, one arm slung across his middle. Dean crosses over to stand in front of him. “Don’t be shy,” he says. “You’re magnificent.”
“It’s a possibility,” Cas acknowledges. “But the point is that there is also the possibility of redemption. Otherwise, why bother? Where do you think the word ‘purge’ comes from, Dean? It’s about purification, cleansing your soul.”
“Yeah,” says Dean. “You’re not losing it but kid, the thing is, when you ask to see her — Greta doesn't exactly look how you might remember."
They finish their breakfasts — Cas has a second cup of coffee and generously lets Dean finish off the bacon.
“Hey,” he says softly, when he’s almost there, giving Cas an out, giving him time to say no, but all Cas does is gasp almost inaudibly, and bite his lip, his eyes dark, pupils blown, his cock stiffening against Dean’s thigh.
“The President has signed an executive order establishing basic income for all following a deal with Jeff Bezos' ex-wife MacKenzie Scott,” says the newsreader.
If you are young and trans and need help, here is a list of LGBTIQA+-friendly hotlines around the world:
Cas nods, a shuddery thing, needy and vulnerable. Dean reaches under, behind Cas’s back, feels up to where flesh turns impossibly to feather, scapulars soft against his hands, and Cas shivers, presses both back into his hands and forward, hot flesh against Dean’s belly, his lips falling open breathless, his head falling back. Dean meets him — spark against spark, igneous — and then they are kissing again, hungry, liplocked, grace surging between them, arcing electric, bodies moving without thought, just pure lines of heat melting into each other. Dean buries fingers into feathers and is rewarded with hitched breaths, then finds himself gasping as wingtips caress the small of his back with intent, even as Cas twines fingertips into his hair to tug him closer.
It’s barely 10 in the morning. The sun is shining, the sky is blue — the kind of blue with white clouds that they put in photos in fancy wall calendars. It’s warm, but not too warm. He puts his jacket back on over his shirt anyhow.
Dean sprints towards him, calling his name, the world narrowed to this one point. Cas turns, a frown across his otherwise smooth face.
“Dean?” he rumbles, in his deep voice, and Dean has honestly never been more glad to hear anything in his life.
“Did you hear they cured cancer?” Sam offers, as a startling opener. No, Dean had not heard that. He’s had better things to do than the Internet. “I didn’t understand the details,” Sam continues. “Something to do with dehydrogenase kinase? But apparently it’s a universal cell, reverses every cancer they’ve tried it on. It’s incredible!”
“My vessel would like more,” he says, eventually. “I’m not immune to physical sensation. It reacted in a similar way when I kissed Meg. But with you… it’s different.”
“Well,” Freckles says, leaning forward conspiratorially, “Since you mention it, there was this one thing. In the CCTV footage, I woulda swore I was looking at a chick. Really good disguise! If he’d been less
“Because you're lying to impress these people you call friends! Can't you just tell the goddamn truth?” Castiel asked, slamming his fist into the locker.
Castiel had left Gabriel to think on his own, while he ran across town all the way to the bridge. There was a really old one just outside the middle of town. It had been there as long as Castiel could remember, but he hadn’t seen it in years. He missed it and knew it was probably the safest place for him to go at the time. His parents were just plain assholes, he wasn’t going to them for comfort. He shouldn’t have left Gabriel, because that was the only real person he could really connect with. Lucifer wouldn’t have really cared about his problems, he may not have even listened completely, but he would’ve understood what Castiel was going through. Balthazar wouldn’t have cared, either, but he would’ve probably killed someone to make Castiel happy, and that’s what matters, right?
((A/N: For people that think there’s a mistake with this process- yes, I know it would be much more difficult to clean paint off a car, but this is fictional :P would you rather have some destiel action or describing cleaning a car? Destiel? Yesh.))
Lisa looked at Charlie when she began talking. “But he’s going to keep trying, because this person is meant to be with him. So, is there something you need to say, Dean?” Charlie was on the edge of her seat, feeling both excitable and nervous about the situation.
'You’re… not a girl?' Castiel almost gasped aloud on the steps in front of everyone who passed by him. His head started spinning. All his life, he grew up thinking he’d spend the rest of his life with a beautiful woman. He was not sure if he could love someone of the same gender. Could he? They were still soulmates.
“Okay, well, just know you can talk to me about anything.” Castiel replied kindly, knowing that he at least tried to help her. “You sound like my parents,” Charlie grumbled, shoving her earphones in her ears. Castiel rolled his eyes. “See ya at lunch, Charlie.”
Castiel didn’t expect him to answer as soon as he did, but he was grateful for it. ‘You want it now?’
“No, Sammy. You stay here, okay? I need to do this on my own.” Dean shook his head and got to his feet. The letter, crumpled in Dean’s pocket, felt like a piece of Castiel was still with him. Dean hadn’t known Castiel long enough to be gifted any of his personal items, so this letter was all he had.  It lightened his heart but also burdened his mind like a bag of bricks. He knew he needed to get out of this house and go for a ride in the Impala,
“Anytime.” Uriel paused briefly to observe Dean before exiting the room. Dean wondered how much his suffering had been compared to theirs. He desperately wanted a beer and assumed the older Novak brothers wouldn't let him have one. If they were anything like Castiel, (and highly religious?) they liked to follow the rules.
“Right. He’s been gone for over a year now. Dean’s a smart kid. He knows he’ll never have a soulmate. I dunno about you, but I’d be pretty damn upset.”
“Yep! You don’t honestly think they’ll talk, do you?” Dean crossed his arms and glanced over at the suspicious pastor.
Should I write something back? Castiel wondered, but made sure to keep his mouth shut. He was probably going to squeak like a little girl if he wasn’t careful. He hurried out of the shower and dried himself off, jumping into a shirt. He didn’t bother with pants and brushed his teeth and hair, climbing under the covers of his narrow bed.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Lisa appeared, looking concerned out of a room. She must’ve been doing some sort of assignment with a teacher, because they stepped out too, messy hair and dangling tie (said teached scrambled out of the way anxiously and down the long hallway). Charlie sighed, because she knew what was going on, but Dean was too wrapped up in his feelings about Castiel to notice the obvious. She walked up to him and gave him a simple kiss on the cheek. Dean let her, and didn’t protest, but didn’t do anything in response.
He walked back home alone and ignored the protests of his parents, who only compared his behavior to that of his siblings. He didn’t listen to them complain that he was becoming just as horrible and full of trouble as they were and how they expected more of him.
“God has a reason for everything. It is not our job to question him,” the pastor warned him. Sam blushed and nodded in fair agreement. The pastor led the way to the victims and the brothers noticed that the burn marks appeared the same.
“No, Cas! You died thinking I killed you.” Castiel splashed water at Dean’s face. It was just his imagination. There was nothing he could do to make up for what had happened, he knew that… but he still carried the guilt.
“Play Tryouts 3:00 to 4:00 in the High School Gym!” Castiel heard over the announcements. He smiled, planning immediately to not leave school as early as he usually did. He thought about asking Charlie to try out, but she refused because “the girls were too obsessed with men.” Castiel had rolled his eyes at her and suggested that she join AV Club. She, of course, had already joined and laughed at him.
“Alright, Dean, we're here. I suggest acting happier, for the sake of your judgement,” Sam warned his older brother.
The rest of them didn’t have a clue what they were doing with their lives- especially Castiel. He was unnecessary to them and wished he could just disappear.
“Shut up, Norris.” Dean didn’t meet a single person’s eyes the entire time. He stared at the ground like it was covered in jewels. “You’re not standing up for this fucking retard, are you?” Norris asked dangerously.
“What if… what if angels are real? I mean, demons are, so surely the same goes for angels, right?” Sam’s pupils darted back and forth in thought. He spoke with his hands, contemplating the possibility of his question.
Castiel’s hands were shaking as he observed them. He wasn’t sure if Dean Winchester would even agree to meet him there, and if he did, there was no telling how it would go.
Sam unlocked the door and walked in, smelling the air. He was definitely smarter than Dean despite being younger and knew immediately what was going on. “Hey, Dean, I’m home!” He set his bags down at the door and slid the shoes off his feet.
Both Castiel and Dean had dreamt about that moment, specifically the one with only them. And when they both awoke, they had the images vividly kept in their minds. Castiel was trying to get the one of Dean's lips out of his head, the one where Castiel stared into his beautiful, unmistakable green eyes. Dean imagined what might have happened if he decided to give into his instincts and pressed his lips to the other boys’. But he knew Castiel did not feel for him that way despite sharing a comforting embrace. He didn’t want to upset the only person who might even slightly care for him by kissing him.
Castiel exhaled a long breath. Gabriel did too, pulling a own from his coat pocket. He drew an “X” on his hand and looked up, walking calmly to the brothers. He approached Sam and offered him a hand, to which Sam took thankfully. Gabriel stopped and let Sam get to his feet and then hugged him. Castiel had wandered from around the shadowed corner and had slowly began towards the three of them.
Castiel didn’t speak. There wasn’t a point, especially since he knew he’d wasted too many words that day. He sat on the edge of the bridge, looking out into the vast waters and wondered how he could be in charge of two lives. Not only his own shitlife, but his soulmates’, too! He didn’t want to have so much responsibility thrust on his shoulders without warning. Now if someone died he’d consider it all his fault, and he’d likely fall into crippling depression.
Castiel was extremely surprised by his brother’s beautiful statement. Lucifer wasn’t known to say things like that at all and Castiel didn’t even know he was capable. He was probably good at writing poems, Castiel thought, but that just made him think of his soulmate and the poetic words he so rarely heard anymore. He had received a clue the previous night, “You used to think so badly of me, but I hope that changed under the tree.” And it had. Honestly.
“Why not?” Charlie asked defensively. “She’s really cute!” Castiel groaned and buried his face in his hands. “Because he’s a guy,” he mumbled. Charlie tilted her head and asked, “Sorry, what?”
He skipped his classes for the remainder of the day, staying alone in the bathroom. Charlie managed to find him after a while, and didn’t hesitate to open the men’s bathroom door. “Oh my God, Castiel, you’re a mess!” She offered her hand, to which Castiel took. She led him outside, giving him a tissue along the way out the school doors. “You’re desperately in love, you know that?”
“Hiya, Cassie, how you doin’, little bro?” Gabriel pounced up to him like a fool, ruffling his brown hair. The candy loving class clown had a prank up his sleeve, and Castiel did not want any part in it. He had an assignment. He was already playing a game of life or death.
“That’s nOT ENOUGH!” The voice had screamed, causing Sam to shrink back in what Castiel assumed to be fear. Dean stood strong, almost straighter than before, and lowered his gaze. “I’m sorry, sir. It’s all they would pay me. The rent is only five hundred dollars. We would still have fifty for food and stuff.” Dean mumbled.
Dean Winchester once again pulled his hand away secretly and went around to the other side, fixing the lights on the car which had also been splattered with paint.
Castiel nearly fell off the chair but successfully landed on the ground with a huff. Dean stood behind him, bent his legs, and lifted Castiel up onto his shoulders. The smaller student was blushing beyond belief but kept his composure and hung the streamer. Dean walked to the other side of the room, streamer still in Castiel’s hands and he hung the other side.
After that kiss, Castiel felt conflicted and stared at the sunset on the back porch. Dean’s kiss lingered on his lips, just a faint-like ghost of a memory almost to great to be true. He wanted to experience the sensation again. But the person who had kissed him wasn’t always kind and compassionate. He was a bully, blocked by his own selfish needs and desires.
Castiel knew they weren’t friends, but he assumed he could call one of his peers (no matter the social status) by their first name. After all, they were both the same age, although sometimes teen culture was confusing to him. He honestly felt a bit hurt by Dean’s sudden remark.
When he awoke again and realized it was getting dark, he sat up and groaned. His breathing had calmed down hours ago, as did his heartbeat, but his mind sure as hell hadn’t.
Castiel had an odd thought at Dean’s familiar sounding sentence, but dismissed it as unimportant. “No, it’s my pleasure.” Castiel grabbed the other towel and wiped off the paint.
Castiel didn’t look quite on the verge of tears, but he did look upset. He rolled up his sleeve and took a long hard look at his arm, where the scars could easily be seen. “It’s true, alright. My soulmate would rather commit suicide than be with me and leave the scars as a reminder.” Now he was fighting to keep the tears back.
Castiel smiled brightly and accidentally smudged the word lovely. He sighed and laid his head down on the desk, his entire arm now beautifully designed. That was enough exhaustion for the day. Definitely enough anxiety.
Dean readjusted his position so that he was sitting on his knees and legs in front of Castiel. “I was stupid and blind.” Dean willed with all his might for the wet drops of tears to stay back. “I didn’t want to get you involved in my life because of all these issues but now you are and I’ve put you in danger.”
Dean kept his lips sealed tight and observed the footprints that had been in the snow for a couple days. He remembered the lake incident and wanted to say something but decided against it. Castiel didn’t know what to say, either. It was only the truth.
“Hey, Casanova, whatcha starin like that for, huh?” Charlie asked through a mouthful of burger. “Got a crush?”
“Why not?” Castiel continued, trying to meet Dean’s eyes or at least get the boy to look at him. “I’m not putting my… friend in danger. It’s risky business, Cas, you could die. I won’t allow it.”
But as Dean pulled out of the driveway, he realized he didn’t have a destination. He hadn’t researched a case-- hadn’t even touched his laptop for weeks. All he had the energy to do was sit and think or sleep. Of course, all his father taught him to do was drown his sorrows in beer. He put on hand on the wheel and hit the gas.
Castiel hopped into the shower after he finished writing about his mysterious soulmate and let the water fall down his lean body. He knew one of his siblings was bound to come interrupt him at some point so he tried to be quick, but he didn’t want to get out. So he filled the bathtub and let himself relax with the warmth that the water gave him.
Dean didn’t quite smirk, but his smile was playful when Castiel swore he heard, “What if it’s something I want to hear?” Castiel ignored it and sat farther away from Dean than before. Sam and Gabriel found a seat on the other chair, but since there was only one Sam ended up laying across the other like a puppy. Dean found it a little annoying on Gabriel’s part, seeing how close he was to Dean’s brother like that. He passed it off when he started thinking about how Castiel had closed himself off and raised his walls once again. Dean was so close to cracking them.
Dean sighed and relaxed his arms around Castiel the best he could. “So, you've got a different place to live. That's very good. I'm happy for you.” There was a long pause and Castiel just couldn't take the small talk anymore.
Dean finally looked back at Castiel but refused to meet his eyes. “Oh, you are?” He asked, directing his line of sight to Castiel’s ears and cheeks. Castiel nodded and sighed, “Yes, I’m being forced to-” Gabriel jumped in, “because he’s dateless!” Castiel nearly smacked his brother across the face. It was as if the other teen loved rubbing it in Castiel’s face that he already knew who his soulmate was. Yet his older brother refused to admit who the mysterious person actually was.
Castiel's eyes widened when he realized it was still lying on him. “I don't know.” He took off the coat, revealing his clothes that were only half dry. “Why are your clothes wet?” His father asked, jumping into the conversation. “I fell in the snow.” Castiel fibbed, crossing his fingers behind his back. “Yeah, so I have to go change.” He tried to use any excuse to go to his room.
“Dean, listen,” Castiel began awkwardly, “I know you blame yourself for my death. But there isn't anything you could have done.”
He shook the thought and strolled into the kitchen where a few girls were rolling dough out onto the table. He didn't know Castiel had any sisters. He could probably flirt with them if he gave it a shot but he wasn't in the mood to do anything. “Dean, it's a pleasure to see you,” Uriel welcomed him from behind. Dean instinctively turned around with a devilish look in his eye. “Why don't you follow me to the guest sleeping quarters?”
Absolutely no one. His father was now dead as well as his mother, and Castiel had not heard of any grandparents that may have taken him in. What was he supposed to do, live in the house without anyone knowing?
But there was only one Castiel. There was only one soulmate for him. Only one person that would make him content and save his life. And now, thanks to his own foolish mistakes, that person was gone forever.
Charlie grinned and screeched, “I FUCKING KNEW IT!” She was practically jumping up and down in excitement at her discovery until Dean dragged her into his car. “Shhh!” Dean tried to hush her, but she couldn’t stop rambling on about how she knew it was him and then how adorable it would be. Even though she wasn’t the biggest fan of Dean Winchester.
The absence of air began to claw at Castiel's insides. He promptly became aware of the fact that if he didn't find air soon, he'd never reach the surface. And there wasn't any of that in the dark blue depths of the lake. He felt in shock. His mind had frozen and his entire body felt numb. Maybe his entire life had been a dream- maybe he wasn't real to begin with. Just a fading figure or a truck of the light in the dark blue waters.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Dean responded to her, smirking. Castiel’s heart rate accelerated because he knew they were talking about him. “Come here, Novak. I know something’s going on between the two of you. I’m no guidance counselor, but I think you should sort it out now. I’ll leave two to it.”
Dean looked up at his little brother and began to wonder when he had become so mature. Sam seemed to be the one looking out for him these days. “Yeah. I think I just need to get back into the swing of things. Saving people, hunting things… the family business.
'Your eyes were frozen shut but I know they’ll meet mine again. Do you know who I am? But more importantly, do you know what I’ll do if you don’t?'
“I just do,” Castiel bravely pushed Dean's chin up to meet his eyes. “And I know you're upset. Don't lie to me even if I am just a geek.” Dean closed his eyes but Castiel had seen enough. His heart was racing the way Dean's did before a game.
“Uh huh,” Dean responds. “Heard you didn’t have enough of them, you know? Jody, Greta. Greta, Jody.”
“‘Hi, Donna, how are you?’ ‘I’m swell, Dean, how you doin’ there?’ ‘Just dandy, Donna…’” Her voice is tinny down the phone line but her amusement is loud and clear.
“Mmmm,” Dean says, appreciatively. “Somethin’ smells damn fine, Jody.” He turns back to Greta. “You see why we had to book it, right?”
, then the best thing was to kill the monster but love the sinner, as it were, y’know? That’s probably not a good metaphor. I want to be clear that I don’t think… Oh shoot, I went and stuffed that all up. I do wish you and Cas all the best, you know.”
Dean huffs a laugh. “True. Sexy, then.” Dean licks up the shell of Cas’ ear and the gasp from him makes Dean shudder.
Dean bites his lip before standing up a little straighter. "Want my advice, kid?" he asks, his voice kind but serious. "Don't spend too much time second-guessing. Don't waste your shot. I almost lost mine."
It makes Dean feel defensive, like it wasn’t Dad’s fault that all that went down the way it did. But he’s conflicted, too. All this talk about free will and people pulling strings and playing games with your head and your life. He wills his eyes to see something, to create shapes out of shadows but there’s nothing there but his own thoughts, and the warmth of the angel next to him. An angel who somehow thinks Dean is worth saving, over and over.
One of my secret jams is doing much more research than necessary for tiny little facts, so imagine my joy when I discovered there's a little bar called Sam's Place in a tiny town not 15 minutes drive in pretty much a straight line from the Bunker. Similarly, Buffalo Roam is a real steak house near where the Bunker would be, and they really do have a mighty fine looking huckleberry pie that I think Dean would love.
Dean gets two beers from the fridge, carries them back by their necks and hands one to Cas. He pulls out a chair, turns it around and sits on it, legs spread across it. He leans his arms on its back, bottle dangling from thumb and forefinger. He can practically hear Cas thinking, as he stands there, awkward, holding his beer stiffly.
“No, it’s…” Dean runs his hand across his mouth. “You were a little bit right, earlier. I’ve never kissed a man, Cas. I’ve definitely thought about it. There was an old, old friend, Lee… he and I… but that’s ancient history now.” He takes a swig of his beer, swallowing down memories and old fears, and Lee’s death, far too recently.
Dean raises his hands reassuringly, his face calm. "She will be. She's in juvie right now, but we're getting her somewhere she'll be safe." Dean resists the urge to tell him to calm down; he’d be freaking out too.
They both shuffle back against the headboard. Sitting up rather than lying down seems appropriate, both still shirtless, but with sweats firmly covering everything again. Then sitting next to each other feels too awkward, so Dean turns to face Cas again, one leg slung underneath himself a little, his hand on Cas’s thigh. He tugs Cas around a little to face him, too, and then he can’t help but think they probably look like two teenagers, sitting on the bed like that, a bit too close, but he’ll just have to deal.
The hour’s up much faster than he expected and when James asks whether he wants to chat regularly, Dean takes him up on it. They set up a standing appointment for every second Thursday, and Dean knows there’s a long way to go from here but he already feels a tiny bit lighter.
Castiel glances between the two humans before nodding and walking back towards the car. Dean's eyes follow him for a moment before turning back to Carter.
Freckles comes back with the incident report and it’s pretty much what Dean was expecting. Dammit, they need to get this kid out of here before someone puts him in a coma or before he hurts himself. They get permission from Freckles to take Grant for a walk in the yard, to see if being in a more relaxed environment helps him to open up.
It’s a far cry from El Sol and good ole Winchester surprise — seasoned ground beef and gooey American cheese, baked perfectly till the top was crunchy and he could break through it to dip in and pile a Frito high with casserole, over and over — but it has that same feel of family around the table, Sam laughing at something Cas said.
Sam and Eileen don’t say anything about the new sleeping arrangements and Dean isn’t about to volunteer for that conversation, but apart from that, Dean’s more content than he can remember.
Cas opens his mouth but Dean steps in too quickly. “Just tell us, in your own words. You’d be surprised what we believe.”
if you want to read the other one). What can we say, it's definitely a form of taking care of our teenaged selves who needed rescuing and didn't have anyone.
Heading into the outskirts of the city, there’s a crowd outside a church, protest signs held high. He slows down to decipher the slogans — “THE SON OF LIES TRICKED US” reads one. “TAKE US!” reads another.
“They just weren’t brought back, as far as I can tell,” says Cas. He looks up with a smile as Dean places a plate of bacon and eggs in front of him.
” Grant rubs his hand across his face, back down his jaw and across the back of his neck, one anxious movement that’s clearly well practiced.
“Yeah, that sounds like Claire,” Dean admits. “So you thought you’d come visit me, hey? Couldn’t wait to see me?” He laughs.
Patience and Alex wander in from outside, and hang up their coats. Alex sits down as Patience heads into the kitchen to help Jody. Claire and Kaia are loitering in the door frame, gesturing into the corridor.
“Who cares what we call him,” says Dean. “Is Cas… did you bring Cas… Is everyone back?” He tries to keep the tremble out of his voice, fails miserably.
The reinforced light bulbs do their job, and Cas learns to bite on his own knuckle to hold back his noises when he’s taking care of himself or when Dean swallows him down, the other hand fisted in Dean’s hair.
Cas reaches over to lift Dean’s T-shirt over his head, bumps their hips and bellies together as he does, grins as Dean’s arms come back down and settle over Cas’ shoulders. Cas’ arms wrap around the back of Dean’s jeans, thumbs hooked in the belt loops.
Dean’s eyes are already half-way up their roll before he even notices he’s done it. Goddamn gooey rubbish. He shakes it off.
They walk back to the car, and get in. Greta looks behind them for as long as she can, watching Carter getting smaller as they drive away but once they turn onto Spring Street, the apartments block their view of the waterfront and she reluctantly faces the future.
That night, in bed, Dean snuggles up to Cas, thinking Cas deserves to be happy and Dean’s in a good enough mood. He wants more of that squirly feeling from earlier, and trusts, now, that Cas won’t push him to do something he doesn’t want to do. A tiny part of him whispers that he has to keep putting out or he’ll lose Cas, no matter what he said.
“Then we’re all good. Who’s hungry? C’mon!” He sits down and grabs a large bowl of potatoes, serves himself a few, then takes a third one for insurance, and passes the rest down to Alex. Greta sits down next to Cas and then they’re all seated, a boisterous family sharing salad, and stew, pouring drinks and talking about their days. Dean exchanges a look with Cas more than once when he sees him smiling over something one of the girls has said.
"I kinda like the campground rule, these days. Always leave things better, more cared for, than when you got there. Except she’s not a place to visit, kid. She’s a person. I can’t tell you what to do. Ask her what she needs. It might take her a while for her to know herself... So keep asking, and keep listening.” Dammit, that’s advice he’s gonna have to take himself.
“Nah.” That’s something Dean is pretty confident about; if he’s anything, he’s bi. The gender of his
"Yeah, she wants to see you. Like I said, there's a bit of wrangling that's gotta happen first. But there's something more we need to tell you first." Dean pauses, his gaze darting to Cas, uncertain.
Cas tilts his head to the side and frowns. “That’s very interesting,” he says. “You seem to know Carter but Carter doesn’t know who you are.”
“Did we?” Dean doesn’t mean for his voice to squeak like that and he mentally kicks himself for confirming all of her suspicions in one fell swoop.
Castiel is looking out the window to where Sam is indicating. “I think Sam might be right,” he says, in wonder. Dean looks up too, takes in the 1950s sign reading
Cas is still staring at him. He clears his throat, eventually. “You…” he begins. Stops. “But you like women. You have made that abundantly clear. And your discomfort around men who are… you haven’t exactly hidden your disdain, Dean.”
“Yeah, it’s me,” she says, her voice tiny. Dean and Cas hang back to let them talk, but she’s asked for them to stay, and Dean is feeling protective anyhow.
“Not quite,” says Sam. “There’s something different. Something I’m missing. I can’t put my finger on it.”
Dinner is an experiment he’s had in mind for a while — a supercharged version of Mom’s casserole, with braised pork loin, and sweet corn and diced red peppers, smothered in four different types of cheese. It sounds enough like a fancy pork nachos that he’s coached Cas through making a fresh guacamole to go with it, avocado and tomatoes, just kinda smashed together, topped with cilantro and the tang of lime juice. Every time they’ve bumped hips or elbows in the kitchen, it’s been a little dance, touch lingering a little longer than it should.
Cas is gazing at him, reverent. “You are so, so beautiful, Dean Winchester. Inside and out. I have never met anyone like you.”
Well, stuff all of them. He does deserve more, he realises. He does deserve Cas. He looks across at him, in the passenger seat of his car, and puts his hand between them, palm down, in case he misread the gesture yesterday. He looks back ahead, and doesn’t dare to hope. It takes a moment, but he feels Cas cover his hand with his own, and intertwine their fingers. Dean keeps his eyes firmly on the road and they drive on.
“Sorry, wasn’t aware we knew each other well enough for a heart-to-heart,” says Dean, hoping she’ll catch a hint.
Dean feels like he’s back in high school, a little giddy, if he’s honest. Out loud, though, he just says, “Great. 7pm? And I was thinking, that steak house out in Mankato?”
“Ope, ja. Almost forgot!” she says. “I got a missing person for ya. Thought it was a late report of y’know, when everybody disappeared, but no, this one was just three days ago. But no record of a Greta Olson.  Then I thought ghost, maybe, but we’ve got photographs. It’s a complicated one, that’s for sure. Vanished mid-kiss. Like a reverse fairy-tale. But without the frog.”
“Yeah,” he says. “I’ll do that. Good chat. See you there.” She vanishes — like she turned sideways to reality somehow, a weird twist in his vision — and then he’s alone again.
“I told him about Donna’s support network,” says Cas. “I don’t think the average therapist would know what to say to someone who is grieving the sister they made out of magic twigs after their original sister was murdered by a witch who looked like their mother.”
A few minutes later, there’s a tiny gasp from the back seat, and Greta says, suspiciously, “Are you two
“I don’t know whether this makes it better or worse, and I don’t know how much the wiring of this vessel is your father and how much it is me, but I think he would have understood.” He looks over at Dean, smiles. Dean smiles back, although, did he mention awkward? Like, “hi, I’m in love with someone possessing the corpse of your dad, but we’re copacetic, right?”
Dean kisses the column of his throat, behind his ear, lips against his pulse point and he feels, too much, like he might burst with it, this intimacy, this vulnerability, this
“How do they know what Jack said to us…?” starts Dean, and then it comes to him, just as Cas says it too.
“That’s part of Jack’s plan, actually. Sort of a holding zone for souls to atone for bad behaviour before going to heaven. Something like the original Gehenna project, far as I can tell.”
“It was so nice, trying on dresses. I knew I couldn’t afford them. And I didn’t seem to have a wallet or a bag but I thought it was a dream, you know? But I didn’t want to take it off, it looked so pretty. And so I just walked out. And when the alarms went off, I ran, and I hid in an old, empty house. And when I went to sleep, I woke up in my bedroom again.”
“Good. That’s settled, then,” says Jody. “Claire, can you get Greta situated, please? I already made up the bed.”
Hey lovely peeps. I've had a bit of time lately with the breakup of a major relationship, and some hard mental health recovery stuff. I've now stepped back from co-authoring from this point onwards, but will still alpha read the next few chapters. Writing this fixit with Phoenix has been therapeutic for both of us. For me, exploring how healing can happen in a loving and healthy relationship, and how healing is required for a loving and healthy relationship, has helped inspire me to find the next stage in my own recovery. Thanks so much for all the comments and kudos. Much love x
Cas’s fingers dig into Dean’s lower back, and traverse his spine, up and up, firm strokes that are more than scratches, almost predatory, and the deep pressure is something Dean craves. He pushes back into it, then leans down to kiss Cas again, lips parted, tongue darting out to touch Cas’s own and then they’re kissing for real, deeper, tongues chasing each other, lips sliding against one another, hand tangled in his hair, tugging just enough. Dean reaches down, almost on autopilot, dips his hand beneath the waist of Castiel’s sleep pants to wrap around that hardness he’s been feeling. Without thinking, he swipes up, gathering the moisture there, and then down, spreading it, smooth glide, and they haven’t stopped kissing, and he prays to Cas, tells him how beautiful he is, how beautiful his cock feels in Dean’s hand, how Dean wants to feel him spill all over his hand — and he’s surprised to realise he means that. Cas groans long and loud and then he’s doing just that, pulsing in Dean’s hand and arching up to kiss him more raggedly, nips at his lower lip, half-gasps open-mouthed, and then flopping back, astonished, but still with both hands on Dean’s face, holding him in wonder.
Dean shakes his head — he’s honestly never thought about these social niceties. “Whoever gets to the door first, man.”
"Greta's trans," Dean says, straight up. "The Greta you met was a projection of how she sees herself. Her time with you was the first time she got to be her real self. That photo you showed us — like, that’s her but with long hair and a few more curves, y’know?"
“So, is there a reason for your call, Donna?” asks Cas. Dean catches himself gazing gratefully at Cas and then realises the irony — oh no, he is not going to turn into Sam. Uh uh. He squares his shoulders, and clears his throat. He’s pretty sure no one’s noticed.
They pull into the bunker’s garage and let themselves in through the service door. Miracle is so excited to see them back, she’s yipping and then doing 360s.
Dean: yes I’m a domestic abuse survivor who’s never gotten proper medical care. Yes I glorify my abuser. No I have no frame of reference to understand what abuse symptoms look like. On an unrelated note, yes I’ve been uncontrollably angry since I can remember and I don’t know why. We exist.
And now they’re almost done with it, and the way Cas keeps dropping lidded eyes to Dean’s lips is starting to make Dean squirm.
Before Cas can get too stuck in the misunderstanding, Dean decides to just demonstrate. He leans in and licks up the line of Cas’s jaw, sucks a kiss at the bolt of it, under his ear. “Anyhow, I don’t think that me fucking you is the thing you were thinking about earlier. Tell me,” he murmurs.
Nonetheless, he’s totally up for the conversation about legacy when he and Cas return from the store one day and  walk in on a discussion about naming the kid.
Sam nods. Dean wants to roll his eyes, impatient as all get out, but he holds himself steady, feels a tremor growing in his jaw and clenches his teeth as Jack keeps talking.
“Nothin’ much,” says Dean. “Almost started to think about whether we needed to retire the weapons, you know? No more hunting to do.” He shrugs.
Dean clears his throat. "The thing is, kid, your girlfriend has a kind of… gift. You see, um, the Greta who you met was a kind of psychic projection. She was there, physically, but that wasn't her body."
Their first stop is an address in St Paul. Dean takes the steps up to the porch two at a time and rings the doorbell. The olive green wooden siding is a bit much next to the cream and the dark green shutters kind of clash, if you ask him, but no one did, so he keeps it to himself. It’s not one of those big Victorian numbers you get out here sometimes, but it’s nothing to sneeze at — two storeys, a bay window, double garage. The kid who answers the door seems to be the boyfriend — Carter Larson, according to Donna, age 17. He’s an inch shorter than Dean, blond and square-jawed. There’s a moment where he’s eager, hopeful, his hazel eyes darting between Dean and Cas and then he realises there’s no one else with them. His eyes fall, his shoulders slump, and he shoves his hands in the pockets of his letter jacket as he steps back to let them in.
The three of them disappear, chatting away as Jody and Dean share a proud parental smile. Dean hears Kaia saying she’s a dreamwalker and realises the two of them will have more in common than had even occurred to him. The kids are alright.
“Pie,” says Dean, as he looks over his shoulder to reverse out. “I forgot to ask him about pie. There had really, seriously, better still be pie.”
and the pulsing sense of Cas’ passionate response. Then, a building pressure, as a vast ecstatic feeling washes over him, limitless, inexorable, an eruption, as Cas comes between them and Dean feels every moment of it, grace moving in Dean’s body like liquid fire.
Around 8am, Eileen wanders into the room cradling a cup of tea. She rubs her eyes, and pulls out a chair at a right angle from Dean.
“It’s okay. I get it. I’ve got a baby brother, ‘n’ I’m pretty protective of him too. But if your sister is in some kind of trouble, chances are, we’re her best bet right now.”
“And that’s what they’ll believe in. Well, I’m only as close as this.” Jack puts his hand on his heart and then holds his hand up in that strange way he has, a wave that isn’t a wave, like the toddler he is, just learning how his body works. “Goodbye,” he says, and walks away, fading into light.
Cas twists around to read the screen, and notices a few other people starting to do the same. Someone flicks on the sound.
Cas stands up immediately. Dean throws a few bills on the table, throws back the last of the coffee, grabs his jacket off the back of the chair.
Carter follows Dean’s gaze towards the car, nodding as he joins the dots. "But... how? I want to make this work but we're just kids... how do I not mess this up?
Cas closes Baby’s door and steps up next to Dean. He pulls out his government-issued youth worker ID and checks it’s the right way up, which makes Dean proud in a weird, warm way.
A gentle smile ticks up the corners of Cas’ mouth, his lips ruddy, kissable. Dean leans forward the 5/8ths of an inch required to close the distance between them and kisses him.
It's so good to be able to bring you this final chapter — in the end, it all came together beautifully, no pun intended. It took us a little longer than we'd hoped to get here, but when we think about what we would want Jack to do with god-powers, this is the world we would have liked to see. This is the world where family is more than blood, and where Dean's arc has meaning, and where healing is possible.
Max inclines his head. “Dean. And this is Sivan.” The guy reaches out to pump Dean’s hand. He’s got two inches on him, but the dude is strong as an ox.
Dean is flustered. “We’re not… it isn’t… What do you mean, finally?” He glares at her, then takes a breath. This is Jody. He can say it. “I didn’t even know how
Cas looks extremely pleased with himself, which makes something in Dean’s chest feel warm. He decides he wants Cas to be extremely pleased with himself more often. He snags Cas’s hand and fits his other hand onto Cas’s hip, rucks him back into a weird cuddle from behind. For a split-second, it’s odd, awkward, and then Dean drops a kiss onto the curve of Cas’s neck where it meets his shoulder, and Cas dips his head against Dean’s, melting a little into his touch. Dean is caught between blushing and grinning, steps back and squats on his haunches to put root vegetables into the box at the base of the pantry.
“Oh, hi, girl! Hi. Hi!” He gets down on his haunches to really talk to her. “I don’t even know if we’ve got proper food for you, gorgeous, but I’m gonna find you a steak.”
“Well,” Cas says, after a moment. “I was right. No demons, no hell. There’s still a heaven, and still angels. I mean, apart from me. Although Jack is reorganising heaven and wants to know if I’m interested in being involved.”
“That — huh.” Sam was all geared up for Cas’s lecture, Dean realizes. They’re incorrigible. “Makes sense, actually. We’ll add it to the list…”
He pushes back from the map table for a second, reaches for his coffee and just enjoys that thought.
It’s not particularly a memory Dean wants to think about at that moment, in such a different space, with Cas, but he lets himself be honest. “Lee wouldn’t let me,” he says, and he looks away. “I wanted to kiss him, so bad.”
Dean leans his elbow on the open window as he drives. Cas is next to him in the passenger seat again, and he could get used to that. Greta is behind Cas, still dressed in juvie denim and basic tee, but when he glances back, there’s something subtle she’s done with the way she holds herself, the way she’s leaning against the window, staring at the endless plains, that makes him think of Claire.  State route 60 is miles and miles of empty space, flat green fields to both sides. It’s a kind of peace.
Dean hums into the kiss with contentment when he gets his hand on Cas, the heft of him familiar now.
. And your love for me, what you said to me yesterday — Cas, it was the last piece of the puzzle. I couldn’t — love you, when I thought I wasn’t worth loving.”
“I’m not sure I’ll survive the night,” Cas says, with a soft twinkle in his eye, and takes Dean’s hand again.
Sam squares his shoulders in the face of that, and Dean breathes in deep, notices himself noticing the soles of his feet in his shoes and the sound of the birds and the taste of the beer in his mouth, just like he’s practiced with James, and they exchange a look again,
Jody looks at him askance. “Sure,” she says. “Look, I only met him the once but even then I could tell that angel loved you from a mile away. And then the way you two kept looking at each other tonight?”
The kid balls their hands up into fists, digs their nails into their palms. “You won’t — laugh at me? You won’t think I’m a monster?”
Completely unaware of Dean having a minor freak-out before breakfast, Miracle bounds over to them the moment they appear. Dean ruffles her fur and takes advantage of the excuse not to deal with the inevitable, at least for another minute.
. You hear me, son? This whole thing, the whole show, kid, it was about Team Free Will, and your first act, well.” Dean thinks he hears Cas huff a breath out, and he looks over at him, but Cas shakes his head, gently, gestures at him that he’s fine.
“Let’s just say I’ve gotten out of their way,” Jack says. “Chuck made everything too hard. Towards the end he just dialed up the difficulty level — so many bad things. It felt like he was on his way to his old routine, you know, frogs, murder hornets, plague.”
“Yeah, none of that. Just, y’know. Don’t breach the conditions of your release here and make me look bad, okay?”
“I love —” Dean blushes, breathes. Steels himself. “I love everything about you, Cas. I love — you. I love you.”
Claire’s mouth drops open slightly. “Um, okayyy. I am not sure I needed to know that but also congratulations to you guys. I’m just going to find… food. Yeah.” She backs away.
“Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake. But I learnt from you, and my mother, and Castiel, that when people have to be their best? They can be.”
Dean wipes the grease off his hands onto his jeans, and thinks how much he loves good food. Delicious bacon, good burgers, sweet… and then his brain stutters to a halt in a moment of sheer panic.
As the weeks go on, the relief gives way to boredom. Sam and Eileen spend most days in the library, writing down everything they remember about the chronology of the last few months, what was tried, what wasn’t. The spells they used and where they got the ingredients. Which things worked and which failed miserably, crushed by Chuck with no effect or useless at the last minute because of perverse incentives, crossed wires, false information. They check what they remember with everyone else’s memories, cross-reference with ancient texts, and add cards to the index. After the seventeenth time they’ve had to rip up a card because they both created one, but indexed it slightly differently, Sam starts to talk about digitising the whole shebang and yeah, Dean would do anything not to be involved with that tedious hell of a job. He’s grateful for archivists, don’t get him wrong — accurate information well filed has saved his bacon more times than he can count, but book work is not for him. He’s itching to get his hands dirty.
Dean,” Cas growls. He thrusts in deep again, fucking into Dean’s waiting mouth. When he speaks next, he sounds almost anguished. “Something’s happening, Dean… I don’t…”
Dean folds to his knees in front of Cas, runs his fingers along the waistband of his underwear, smiles as he sees Cas start to plump up under the attention.
She puts a hand on his wrist. “It’s okay, Dean. We’re happy for you. And technically the bunker is big enough and we could just move to a different room, but we want a home. And a yard.”
Cas nods, and flicks his wrist as his hand rises to the engorged head of his dick but shakes his head minutely, gasps out, “Too much…
There’s a moment of silence on the phone and he considers taking it all back, hanging up, saying it’s all a prank, a mistake.
“Did she tell you she had a brother?” asks Castiel. It’s the only answer Donna has come up with, that somehow Grant is Greta’s brother and helped write the note or handled the note somehow.
He realises dimly that he’s not sure what’s next, and then sleepily decides that’s a gift too. He loves that there’s no script, that he’s not expected to perform a series of obvious moves that lead from pick-up to stripping to oral to fucking. It’s been a very long day. Cas is warm. They should probably find a second pillow. Or get under the covers at least. He’s too comfy, though. Soon. In a few minutes.
Dean thinks. And then he spots a third sign, which reads “THE RAPTURE STOPPED BECAUSE OF YOUR SINS!” and he starts to unpack it. It’s echoes of Chuck’s little annihilation party. Some of the signs are wack.
“Maybe I do need to deal with some of this shit,” he says, finally. “Maybe I should give Donna a call after all…”
She looks back at him, appraisingly, far too fucking old for 16. “We’re all a work in progress Dean, don’t get too hung up on the finish line.” She pats him on the shoulder, and looks away, slightly unfocused. “We’re pulling up at your place. I should let you — do whatever you were doing.”
The crowd’s cheering and finger-twinkling applause dies down as they step away from each other, just barely. Dean fidgets in his suit, itching to loosen the stupid tie at least. Jody stands up and reminds everyone how to get to the bunker, like there’s anyone here who didn’t sleep there last night, and that the main wedding party will be along soon, and finally, it’s time for the formalities. Dean waves to Cas, thinks,
“And you say you’re not good with words,” Cas smiles, through damp cheeks. Dean scoffs, runs a brusque hand across his mouth.
“Oh, Dean,” says Cas, and he sounds quietly devastated. “I’m so sorry you felt you had to do that.” Cas reaches out a hand, and lays it on Dean’s forearm. He tries hard to hold it together but that gentle touch tips him over the edge. He shudders, and then Cas is holding him tight in the middle of the damned convenience store, and Dean lets himself feel it, the years of pressure to conform, the sob rising up inside him.
. They hold hands more often than not, and at night, they curl into each other. Castiel kisses Dean on the forehead and says, “I love you,” and Dean looks back at him, every night, and says, “See you in the morning, Cas,” and it means the same thing. Cas still doesn’t sleep, but he’s there when Dean wakes up, every day.
They pull up on Mill Street, a little way away from the Science Museum. Greta gets out of the Impala, and walks them down to the riverside. Dean’s guessing that Carter said to meet where he kissed her as part of a last test that it’s really her, and on one hand he doesn’t blame the kid. On another, he knows that the second he sees her, he won’t have any doubts. It’s overcast, and the chill in the air is hinting at the weather to come.
We hope you've enjoyed the journey as much as we have. We'd like to especially thank n_nami and hanitrash, who have been cheerleaders from the beginning, and lenae for beta-reading this chapter.
shit like that. He is not ready for this conversation, doesn’t know where to start. Doesn’t have his sometimes excuse of too much alcohol. Isn’t at that point where he needs to clean the pipes, and besides, he doesn’t want that mechanical interaction with Cas.
“You could call him Dean,” says Dean, cheerfully, unpacking the pasta onto the shelves. He’s unlikely to have his own spawn, unless there’s something Cas hasn’t told him about angels — and now that’s occurred to him, he wants it out of his head.
“Oh no.” She laughs, and it’s a million years from the kid he met last month, light and tinkly, like a glass mobile. “I’m in the van on my way there right now — with Claire and Kaia and Jody. Claire just commented on how Sam looked more like a deer in headlights than he usually does.”
“Dehydrated what?” asks Eileen. Sam spells it out, fingers flying, and Eileen laughs. “I shouldn’t have asked,” she signs and says.
“I don’t know, Cas. Maybe pie and soda and, and, and chocolate, maybe they’re all gone, in some misguided attempt to make us all eat healthy food, Cas. Maybe Sam ate rabbit food in front of the kid one too many times.”
It rings for just long enough that he’s wondering if he can get away with saying the guy didn’t answer, when a man’s voice says, “James speaking,” and he doesn’t have any excuses left.
Dean laughs and claps Cas on the shoulder. “Just a silly old movie,” he says, and pulls into Jody’s driveway.
“Nah, I’m peachy. I just want to make you feel good, Cas,” Dean says. He hesitates, on the verge of saying more.
Eileen signs something to Cas, who smiles, and responds, “Yes, we did. Thank you.” Dean frowns at him. Since when does Cas read sign language?
He’s perfectly filled by the engorged hardness of him, over and over, and he loses himself in the rhythm of it, cataloguing heat and pulse, the salt-sweet sharpness of the pre-cum. He floats away, worships Cas with his mouth, with his body, with his soul. Dean brings one hand up, half-steadying himself against Cas as his thrusts speed up. His hand is met by Cas, their fingers entwining over Cas’s heart.
upsidedownertron wanted to mention that this story is a reflection of both of our experiences with sex and sexuality, at various times, and that these experiences are layered and not simple. there's no one way to be ace or demi or experience discomfort or pleasure in sex. so, if you see an echo of your story in here, whether you use the labels we're using or not, those readings are valid. unlike certain networks that shall not be named, we encourage multiple interpretations. we love you and we see you.
“Mixed,” says Sam. “All sorts of attempts to explain what happened. Reports of alien abductions, the Rapture, mass hallucination due to the government spiking the water systems. But also the majority of people who were taken on the last day just think they lost a few hours, so…”
Dean hangs his head at that, a bit. That’s absolutely who he has been. “Maybe 15 years ago, Cas. Not gonna deny that. But that was before I met Charlie.”
“Cas, no. Stop.” Dean takes a breath, squares up to it. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything. I’m sorry I didn’t say it back.”
“Congratulations,” Cas is saying as Dean steps up next to him. “Kaia is a brave and amazing person. I’m happy you found each other.”
“You could do that,” says Jody. “You don’t have to, though. There might not be demons and vamp nests any more, but people still make mistakes; there’s still magic and giftedness, and prophets — and human monsters.”
And yeah, wow. That’s actually genius. He surges back to his feet and tells Cas that, then pulls his shirt off over his head and shoves his pants down at record speed, pulls Cas down onto the bed, flips over onto his belly and gets ready for his muscles to turn to sweet, sweet jelly. He can’t remember being more content, more deeply satisfied, in his life.
“Holy shit, you look like your sister,” he exclaims, before he can think of more tactical approaches.
“This is us, taken a week before,” he says. “We went to a movie for the first time. Held hands. It was our first real date.”
He strokes one firm hand down Cas’ thigh, and licks his lips. Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, tightens his grip as Dean breathes warm air onto Cas’ smooth skin. He smiles as Cas hardens more, his dick lengthening, rising, the skin shifting. He looks up, meets Cas’ gaze.
Cas groans, deep in his throat. Dean shifts up, props his head on his palm, drinks his fill just gazing.
“Kaia, can I talk to you about what’s left of the other worlds?” asks Cas. They head into the living room, already discussing the aftermath of Chuck’s destructive rampage through the multiverse. Patience and Alex start to clear the dishes, but Dean stops them.
Dean leans down to unlace his boots, slides them off. He sits next to Cas on the bed, legs outstretched next to him, their hips touching. He wonders, briefly, whether he should have undressed more — left his T-shirt on, of course, but maybe taken his flannel off?  He doesn’t have time to get into overthinking it though. Cas wraps one arm around him and tugs him down, so his head is on Cas’s shoulder. It’s almost instinct to turn his body towards him, shuffle down so his head is on Cas’s chest instead, one leg slightly over his. He can hear Cas’s heart beating, and feel his chest rising and falling.
“Oh, god,” says Dean. “Of course.” There’s a box of tissues in the single drawer in the dresser next to the bed, and he leans over to get them, hands a few to Cas, who wipes himself up, and then looks around for the trash can, aims, throws, misses.
“I’ve been building a beehive.” He points towards the kitchen. “I was just on my way to see if we have lemongrass. Apparently you can attract a swarm of bees to a new hive with that.”
“There’s no hurry, honey. We still don’t know the gender of the kid,” acknowledges Sam. “It’s a 12-week old fetus.”
“So, uh,” he says eventually, soothing Cas back down to the bed, trying to get the conversation back on track. He’s worked it out now, some of it at least. “Back to those things you want to do to me. We can talk about them? And I can let you know what I think. If that would… Yeah.”
The others tip their beers back too, and everyone pushes back from the table a little, bellies satisfied, and they get ready to settle in and chew the fat.
He swallows, gulps down some coffee, and smacks his lips. “Okay, we should start a list. That kindergarten on Chestnut and Railway that you pointed out on our way in.” He pulls over his notebook and opens it, uncaps the pen with his teeth. He writes,
Dean senses Cas looking at him through the doorway, and looks across at Cas. He nods at him, feeling that reassurance. He turns off the burner, and slides the eggs out of the pan.
“So, you haven’t, yet? That what you’re trying to tell me?” Jody prompts. “But not for lack of wanting.”
“Tough if we're not,” she says. And then she’s looking off to the horizon. “Thanks to you, I’m in a better place — emotionally
“And you just wanted to give me a heads up. Thanks. Appreciate it.” He sips his coffee. “Lemme know if you need a hand or anything, I guess.”
“I think a year is just the average,” Cas says. “It’s as long as it takes to complete the program. Bezos will be there until he understands the damage he did, until he understands the nature of the human condition in all its vulnerability and hope.”
“Um,” says Dean, eloquently. “What’s this?” He holds up the familiar magazine that’s found its way into their basket, but he definitely did not put it there this time.
Cas’ tongue snakes out along the rim of Dean’s lip and Dean opens to him, soft, melting into him. He is held tight, in this moment, strong arms wrapped around him, gentle fingertips brushing down his back. He moans into Cas’s mouth, presses against him, hungry for more. Cas squirms and Dean can feel the insistent hardness up against his thigh. He pushes into it, enjoys the gasp he gets out of Cas, and kisses him again, and again.
“Oh, ja,” says Donna. “Sorry, that’s why I called. We think we have a brother in juvie, thought you could come down and do an interview.”
and has to assume he’s heard. He congratulates Eileen and Sam and then they’re sitting down to sign papers while everyone else files out in dribs and drabs.
“And you, kiddo. I was real sorry when I thought we lost you. Our Sam here needs a steady hand, you know? You two been keeping busy with all your documentin’?”
Dean’s fingers start to unbutton Cas’ shirt almost of their own accord, top button first, then the next, slowly revealing Cas’s broad chest beneath it. There’s a freckle just above Cas’ right nipple, and Dean traces his fingers across the warm skin. This time Cas moans out loud, deep and shameless, and Dean’s heart thumps in his chest.
It’s too much. It’s too much. He can’t. He’s not sure how he can hold this much emotion in one body. He’s spilling over. He pulls back to breathe, he needs air.
Surely Cas will come back to the bunker. They need to get back there, so Dean can… Fuck, Dean doesn’t know what the end of that sentence is. It’s contagious, apparently. He points a finger at Jack, grins at him, buries his anxiety.
It’s quiet, in their bedroom, just the two of them. Cas leans in, and they kiss once more, soft. Dean lays his weary head on the pillow, and rests.
“Well,” says Dean. “You think of anything, you give us a call, okay?” He hands over a card, with ‘William Gibbons, youth worker’ emblazoned on it. “We’ll do our best to find your girl.”
“No demons?” asks Cas. “Please hold.” He cocks his head, the way he does when he’s listening, fingers splayed out on the table.
Eventually, Cas’s breathing returns to some semblance of normality. “Can I — is there anything you need, Dean?”
They walk up to the main doors and flash their ID at security, put their wallets and phones into the plastic tubs on the conveyor belt, step through the metal detector. The young guy who’s been assigned to take them down to the interview room with Grant is overly perky, a freckled redhead who apparently wanted to be a youth worker and instead ended up as an orderly. If Dean has to answer one more question about how he got into the career, he might bite the guy’s head off. On top of that, every step into the facility makes it more and more clear that it would have been impossible for Grant to have just popped out for a few dates.
“I, uh. I can’t stop looking at your mouth, I keep imagining your mouth on me,” Cas says, rapidly, like he might chicken out if he stops. His breath hitches slightly, and then he says, blushing fiercely. “On my
Dean looks up sharply at that. “There’s — wait what? Are you serious? No vamps, no wolves, no shifters? No hell hounds?”
“Yes, he was,” says Cas. He looks thoughtful. “So it is acceptable to have this reaction to being near you if Sam is not in the room. Noted. But you are not in the same state. You do not have ‘a boner’.” Dean can feel himself blush, the way Cas just
He watches as Greta walks back inside with the guard, and then stares into the middle distance, frowning. “We’ve got to get her out. Soon.”
Dean leans down, in, and presses their mouths together, kissing Castiel for the first time, the soft, wet warmth of him sinking into Dean’s skin like cherries or peaches, sweet and tangy, slightly sticky, just right. He pulls back, like it’s too much, like he’s imposing, like maybe Cas didn’t want — but Cas surges back up and claims his mouth again, hand in Dean’s hair, kissing him and kissing him and honestly, it’s revelatory. He feels alive all over, tingles in his belly and his toes, delight in his heart and his eyes. He feels like he does when he listens to really good music turned up beautifully loud. He feels — joy; yeah, that’s it. Exultation.
“Makeover time,” says Claire. Jody’s grinning at them both. Cas raises an eyebrow. “What?” Claire continues. “Dean texted ahead.”
“I don’t quite know yet.” He cocks his head, and his eyes lose focus for a second. “It might be because I love you.”
“Actually,” Eileen says. “We talked about this a little last night. Sam and I decided we should document everything we remember about what happened, in case we start forgetting.”
Their meals arrive and Dean tries to work out if there’s a way to eat steak that doesn’t involve dropping Cas’ hand. He reluctantly concludes that there isn’t, and picks up his knife and fork. The meat is absolutely perfectly cooked — medium rare, tender as butter melting on his tongue. He moans aloud, and Cas’ breath catches. Dean knocks his knee against Cas’ thigh under the table.
“So. That crack I made about the Home for Wayward Girls,” Jody says. “Might actually be serious about it.”
Dean swipes the syrup from in front of Eileen and sits down again. He stuffs his mouth full of bacon, toast and syrup, and it’s fucking blissful.
“See you, Jack,” says Sam, but Dean barely hears him. There on the side of the road, looking slightly dazed but otherwise unharmed, is Cas.
Dean boggles at him, trying to work out what on earth Cas is talking about. He has a very dim inkling about it. “Cas, that was
Dean looks out the window and scratches the back of his neck with one nervous hand. “Being an oversexed stud. Being the kind of guy who chases the ladies and jerks off to that skin mag. It was all — cover. Going through the motions.”
Dean looks at the photo of the two kids, and his mouth curves up slightly. Carter is in a crisp button up shirt, smiling broadly. His arm is  wrapped around a beautiful girl, a year younger than him, if that, nothing immediately remarkable about her: green eyes, a pale complexion and long wavy honey brown hair. She’s wearing a mint sweater and a floral skirt. About 5’8’’?  Dean’s no expert, but the dress looks a little dated somehow. She’s smiling too, but Dean notices her expression  is a little far away, like she’s remembered something important just as the photos were taken. Carter, on the other hand, looks like he’s having the best day of his life.
