It was fun, and if he was hard enough to feel his own pulse inside his costume, that was okay too.  It was something… he could have.  …Something he could guide Tony’s fingers to, and probably watch the other man’s eyes darken in covetous glee.
He reached up and pretended to key his left helmet radio.
There was a rattling noise as Tony tried to unhook the locking chain.
“Tis not mine, of that you may be certain,” Thor said, on his way in to the kitchen.
“Why are there so many entries in red?”
A red… grinning… skull.
Peter took the fact that Tony had chosen to eat in the bedroom with Whitney as a hint, and left as soon as he was finished.
“-Told me
Peter came in with an irregularly crumpled brown paper grocery bag in his arms.  There was a fibrous sheen across one mangled corner that suggested it had been discreetly repaired with web.
“I got the T-Rex,” Iron Man decided, looking up.
“Pre- existing technology can be bought, copied, given, or stolen,” Tony reviewed, “-and there’s no way the Goblin’s glider was built by an amateur.  -This soldering’s too clean.  Either Norman’s been dealing under the table, or the Goblin stole something and SHIELD either doesn’t know yet or has decided to cover it up.  And that last one wouldn’t surprise me.  Nick
Steve sighed. “Love you too, sweetheart,” he muttered, before palming a hand over his forehead and leaning back against the wall just as the evac team all jogged through the doors. It was going to be a long few hours.
It was easier that way.
“He’s not even going to be at that party,” Steve blurted irritably, “he said he’d- he’s going to be over here at my place.”
how dangerous he was—
wasn’t coming down, and Steve was seriously considering getting a broom and just dislodging the kid-
Steve knew that Tony had a strange relationship with them, but it was clear to see that at the very least, he’d loved his mother. Howard had been, in Steve’s opinion, a shitty father and a shitty man toward the end, but Tony had always held a strange sort of respect for him, and he’d clearly been a pivotal part of Tony’s life too. It had nearly killed him when they’d died; Steve knew because he’d seen the old news articles.
He needed to find his way back. Or for one of his friends to pick up their damn phones.
Steve’s smile ticked a little, and then he sighed. “I don’t wanna watch a horror movie, Tony,” he said with a note of finality in his voice, “you can put something else on if you want, but no horror.”
“Yes, you did! You made the right call-“
He knew Tony wasn't...it was silly to think like that. It was just him overthinking things. Bucky and Peggy putting stupid ideas in his head. Tony liked to keep things private, so what? Steve didn't care. Well... not really, anyway. He knew that he'd definitely love to let the whole world know if he could- Peggy was right about that much, but if Tony was happier being more private with their relationship, then that was fine too.
“What.”
Behind them, Clint was huffing and complaining as he made his way back down, but he was completely ignored.
” Tony pulled out of Steve’s grip and turned his back, so Steve couldn’t see the traitorous red of his eyes. “You made me worried
Tony looked at him for another moment, surprised, before he too smiled. “I hate to defend him, but he
“Holy shit, you’re so beautiful, you know that, right?” Tony whispered, pulling Steve in again, desperate to touch, to feel Steve under his fingers.
He never knew what triggered it. Never really understood why some days he could get up and live his life like everything was fine, everything was normal, and then other days the pressure and grief just consumed him like a tsunami. It didn’t make sense to him, and it was one of the only things in his life that he felt he couldn’t control. Couldn’t seem to stop, no matter how hard he tried. He just… woke up, and that was it. The day was decided for him.
“Yes,” the man told him, just as firm, “everything. Especially after you rammed your head into the wall for seemingly no reason at all. You’ve been through every machine we got here, and you came up clean. Your wounds have already mostly healed, and we put you on a drip to get you re-hydrated. No lasting damage as far as we can tell.” Bruce’s face went more serious, and he rested his hand against Steve’s arm. “I know what they said they were going to do. We all know. Tony was watching through the hacked CCTV footage. But they didn’t. I promise. They never got the chance. Tony blew through and- uh- took care of them all, before they could lay another finger on you.”
So he took Tony’s foot, very, very gently, and then undid his shoe. The entire time, there was a heavy silence. Tony felt close to tears again, despite the fact neither of them had said a single nasty word to one another. Maybe that was the problem.
Tony smiles at him, because he can’t really form words right now, and Steve’s whole face just splits into the biggest and most genuine smile Tony’s ever seen.
Tony’s thumb brushed quickly over his cheek, and when Steve glanced up, the other boy’s eyes were shining. “I fucking love that blush of yours,” he declared, before turning on his heel and wandering back the way he’d come, waving behind him. Steve watched everyone in the room stare at him unabashedly on his way out.
Steve ran until Tony was right under his feet, and then he sank to his knees slowly, hitting the unyielding sidewalk with a dull thud. There was a commotion across the street as someone or another wrestled the shooter to the ground. Beside Steve, someone asked him a question. He let it drift over his head, meaningless.
extent when he’d actually believed Steve had put him in hospital of his own volition, really. Abuse, like everything else, was just another part of life, and he should have learned how to handle it better by that point. But Tony was just—weak. He cried too easily, always had done, no matter how many times his father had tried to ‘train it out of him’.
“Steve,” Tony whispered against his mouth, “Steve, do you even know-
“It’s cool man, deep breaths,” Sam was at his side, shoulder a constant presence next to him, and Steve nodded again- seemed like he hadn’t stopped since he’d woken up that morning- “you can wait out here and I’ll go get the others. We can find somewhere else to hang out.”
“I know, but it’s not going to be finished when you’re like this,” Steve gestured around the room, “you know it won’t. I shouldn’t have let you go to work this morning in the first place, or at least warned Pepper about it first, and that’s on me. But right now, I think you’ve had enough today. I’d really like to take you home. It’s not going to make any of the problems go away, per se, but I think it would help. You up for that?”
He couldn’t hear a thing, but there was a tiny sound of-
“You’re in shock, honey.” Steve was concerned now, cupping his hand around Tony’s face and moving it delicately until Tony was looking up at him. “I wasn’t there. I wish I had been, but I wasn’t. He just missed you.”
They both paused. “Doesn’t have quite the same ring to it as the phrase you were gonna say,” Tony admitted, a tired grin tugged half-heartedly at his lips. He leaned further into Steve’s side, unwilling to let himself wish that Steve had just said the damn word. Even if it was stupid. Obviously, he hadn’t got it from his dad, because Peter was not… but still. It was nice to deal in hypotheticals, occasionally.
He pulled out his phone and rubbed his eyes, sending off a text to Tony. The response he got was almost immediate.
Pulling out his phone with a sigh and stopping to lean against a wall, he dialled Natasha’s number and waited a few seconds, only for it to go straight through to voicemail. He was about to try Bucky’s when he remembered that none of them were going to answer- Natasha had declared a no-phone rule as soon as they’d all stepped in the door. ‘To appreciate Clooney’s work without distractions,’ she’d said.
A whore. That’s what Steve really thought. And Tony would
did Tony- what was Tony-
Everyone gravitated toward the table, where a holographic screen popped up, showing a rather graphic image of what was a very dead woman, two gunshots to her chest, sat splayed out in a pool of her own blood in a bathroom. Tony winced. “Who is this?”
“Really?” Tony whispered, beginning to smile at Steve’s affirmation, “I mean, we really don’t have to if you don’t want-“
way to make people think you were normal.
So he was now stood outside the gates with what he was pretty certain was a bruised rib, a cut cheek and a few other surface wounds courtesy of Natasha down at the gym earlier that day. He hadn’t been certain Tony would let him unless there were extenuating circumstances. Saying someone had just tried to kill him after working out he’d been digging around in Military files might do the trick though, hence the bruises. SHIELD had offered to fabricate them with makeup, but he’d declined in favour of the real thing. More realistic.
Steve nudged himself a little closer to Tony’s side, looking at Thor over Tony’s hunched shoulders. Thor didn’t look too great either—and Steve predicted if he glanced at a mirror right now he wouldn’t be too impressed at what stared back at him. No sleep and high stress wasn’t a good look on him.
Steve wanted to tell him,
Steve ripped his eyes away from Tony’s face, suddenly feeling a wave of nausea sweep over him. He forced it down, unwilling to make Tony worry about him further. He had no idea what to say. What to do. None of this was right- it was a horrible dream that he couldn’t escape from. His hands were shaking, and he pushed them behind his back and clenched them tight, until it hurt.
Weird. But nice.
“Is this a gentler way of you telling me to listen to you in the field?” Tony asked, settling down into Steve’s hold and tucking his chin against the meat of Steve’s shoulder, “because honestly, I’m liking it better than the yelling.”
Of course, seeing that no fight was to be had, the people quickly began to disperse, most of them shooting curious glances at Steve as they went. He was still holding on to the material of Tony's jacket, pressed up pretty damn close in what had been his attempt at stopping the rampage. Although after the parting words he'd heard from the asshole, Steve was surprisingly ready to go a few rounds with him on his fucking own.
Tony’s beam was getting steadily wider, and Steve curled his hand around the back of his neck, fingers running through his dark hair and pulling him in an inch closer. “So is that… is that, like, confirmation? Is that—do you—”
Clint's face fell. "Oh no." He turned back to Tony, who was now at the counter pouring out a coffee, "no, don't do this. I don't know how babies work!"
Fair point. Tony rolled his eyes and then bent down, hands going under those fat little arms as he lifted Peter up and then raised his eyebrows at the boy. "You know how much work I got done today?" He asked solemnly, giving the baby his most disappointed look as he made a circle with his fingers. "Zero. Nothing. That's your fault, you good-for-nothing vagabond."
, goddamn it.
“We’re gonna need to take a detour first though.” Steve nodded up the stairwell and started moving, Tony following along behind him. “You can’t walk around like that. You’re way too noticeable.”
It just so happened that the moment he set his eyes back on the outside corridor was the moment he spotted none other than Tony himself, just as he was turning the corner and disappearing from sight entirely. Steve caught the flash of half a face before it was gone, but it was enough. He’d jumped from his seat within a second.
Tony just sighed. “Let’s talk about it in the morning,” he said softly, “I want to go do some work before I sleep. I’ll be back in an hour or two, okay?”
,” he told them with a huff, flipping his head and stroking the faded fabric of his favourite yellow and green scarf lovingly, “you just don’t know shit about style, any of you.”
can we?” He asked, his face straight and deadpan as anything.
He turned to face the other man and clasped gently at his shoulders. Tony looked back up at him- still in his business suit, now crumpled and messed from the amount of time he’d spent in it waiting around with Steve at the SHIELD medical unit. There was a strain in his eyes.
Steve sighed, taking another mouthful of cereal. Once Sam was out the door, his mind wandered back to where it had been in the beginning; to a tear-stained faced and a hand holding tightly to his own like it was the only thing holding him down on Earth.
Tony leaned in close. “Then where’s the bullet?”
Tony didn’t want Steve to look at the videos. Steve had a guilt complex to rival Tony’s on a good day, and no doubt as soon as Steve took one look at what AIM had been getting up to, it’d be a battle just to try and keep him from turning completely feral and going on a manhunt for everyone responsible. Tony wouldn’t exactly be opposed to that either- but he knew, objectively, that if they wanted to make AIM pay, they would have to do it in a way that stuck. Find enough information to raze that division to the ground and prevent them from even so much as thinking of trying again.
Unfortunately, Steve wasn’t the only one.
He pulled up into the drive and opened up the front door wearily, the smell of cooking and herbs filling his nose as soon as he stepped over the threshold. Voices drifted through the air too, right from around the corner where the kitchen was, and he heard Tony’s voice as he said “hold up, honey-plum, I think we’ve got company.”
, the doctor had told him- but dammit, it sure as hell didn’t feel that way. The faint nausea roiling around in his stomach certainly seemed fucking real though, and he could feel the beginnings of a headache begin to prick just behind his eyes, so he popped a couple of aspirin and swallowed it down with water, just hoping to God it’d work.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just five more minutes.
“Eh- few hours? I distracted myself for a bit, but then I got bored of waiting around.”
“Marry me,” Tony repeated, shuffling on his butt and taking in a breath, “because you’re the only person in the entire world that I feel like I can bare every single part of myself to. Marry me because we have been through hell together, and we’ve somehow managed to come out the other side together, stronger than ever. Marry me because
“You had one job,” Steve declared, raising a finger at the child in the centre of the group, “put him to bed at a reasonable hour so that he doesn’t get cranky. It was so simple.”
They arrived back home three minutes and fourteen seconds later, and Steve was already opening the door for Tony before he’d even undone his seatbelt, offering his hand once more. Tony couldn’t help but laugh, rolling his eyes a little. “Why, Captain Rogers, you’re
“Not according to him, you’re not.”
“Were y-”
By that point in whatever lullaby it was that Steve was reciting, Peter had gone almost completely silent, his cries reducing to a few muffled whimpers that eventually faded into nothing at all, his eyes locked on with Steve as he sang. Tony could admit, he was doing much the same. Steve
The apple was still in his hands, and his nails had made puncture marks in the skin.
Steve paused, and then he huffed a quiet little laugh. “What if I wanted Polaris? Think you can wrangle that one for me?”
It never changed. The same thing, over and over and over. Tony got into these shitty situations, and whatever he chose to do, it was always the wrong decision. Now Steve and the rest of the team could barely even look him in the eye, and all Tony could think was
He was told to cut the day short by Pepper, in the end. She offered him a weary smile and a soft hand stroking across his cheek, told him it was all going to be fine, and in her head he knew that she was seeing the same headline as he was: ‘Stark’s sex-tape scandal’, bold letters, the blurry picture of his younger face plastered over all platforms of social media.
“Don’t tempt me, Rogers, I’m trying to be responsible here.”
Sat on the bed and curled around his phone as he watched the words appear steadily on his screen in Tony’s familiar style, Steve realized that he’d really like to get used to this.
Peter. Oh God.
God, Steve was his blessing. He just knew- he knew what to do, how to act. He was sat there treating Tony like he wasn’t a freak. And he knew that maybe, afterwards, the rejections would come- the quiet admittance of the fact that Steve just couldn’t do this, couldn’t handle this on top of everything else- but for now, Tony was just glad that he was there. He heard the sounds of the towel slipping off the rack, and a few seconds later Steve spoke up again. “It’s next to your left hand. You can do it yourself, or I can help if you want?”
“It was me,” Steve hissed, “Natasha, I- I’ve been doing that to him for
Then there’s a bad mission.
Tony caught his eye as he made his way calmly down the corridor, and his face lit up at the sight of him; stepping out of Heather Whateverthefuck’s way to instinctively move toward him. Steve couldn’t help but crow a little bit over that- point 1 to Steve.
“Nice ego boost to know that I can help you even when I’m not conscious,” Tony said with a smile, but there was a note of genuine care to his tone, and Steve appreciated it. Tony’s fingers skirted up Steve’s chest, fiddling delicately with the buttons at his throat. “I love you so much, you know that, right?”
The smile on his face died, and Steve swallowed. The room went silent.
Harry reached out to tweak an orchid back into place, and accidentally broke it off the stem.
Harry graduated first, then Peter five students afterwards.  Tony had never noticed how close their last names were alphabetically, but friendships had begun on less.
Iron Man paused, and hurled the ball towards the Warmonger armor with the full force of a hand-repulsor blast behind it.  While the momentary distraction lasted, he scanned his enemy.
Tony felt cold, and sick.  He gripped the edge of the open door hard enough to squeeze the shape of his armored fingers into the metal, and focused on the anger he felt building.
Steve’s loft, 12:40 AM.
“No…”
This background was all wrong.  It just didn’t do, with primary colors.  They needed something harsh, a dividing line just as… not yellow.  Not white, or it would look French, or like a daytime sky-
“Captain America,” War Machine replied, coolly serious.
“Oh, yeah.  That attack only worked on Radioactive Man because- -shit!”  Iron Man dodged a mortar round, just in time.
In college, he had.  In the army, he’d often used his -helmet- for those things.  Avengers Tower was a bit of a puzzle, because though his room was far nicer than many of the hotels the Army had billeted him in while on stateside missions, it didn’t have a sink at -all-.  There were two bathrooms on his floor, a gents and a ladies, both (he was assuming in the case of the ladies) perfectly nice in an upscale private gym sort of way, and cleaned daily by Ms. Van Dyne’s staff.
“What does this mean?”  Steve asked, when Tony paused and looked to the side.
“-He does,” said a calm, serious voice that didn’t seem to belong in a living nightmare.
“Exactly.  That’s why he started trailing half-burned fuel and losing altitude so fast.  The fuel mixture was spraying all over his igniter array, and
Rhodey.  A flash of white teeth in the shadows off to his left during night missions, and a deep, cool voice in his headset when things got hot.  Laughter, and bets won and lost, and something about taking an empty bottle to his copilot’s forehead when Rhodey brought up a subject he didn’t want to talk about one too many times, and being punched unconscious for it.  Long limbs, and flat, hard muscle that could stay still for hours if the story was good enough.  Hauling the man back from a knife-fight in a Saigon club, and feeling the dangerous pulse of rage under his hands.  The glint of the pipe in Rhodey’s hand, and himself yelling over his shoulder at the young Vietnamese man with the knife in his own language, hoping he’d gotten the phrasing right…
“Danny’s company, Rand-Meachum,” Steve replied guilelessly.
the cube instead of wasting time digging it out, and blasted the Red Skull full in the face with webbing.
Steve relaxed, and Tony could feel part of the blonde’s smile against his chest.
his boss was very little good to man or beast.  For one thing, the man smelled like a used bar-mat, and for another he-
“Think it over, and give me your answer by ten AM tomorrow,” Steve ordered.
Instead he took a breath, and knocked.
“Sit up on your knees in the middle of the bed, and close your eyes,” Steve instructed.
He was hard, and hot, and fucking.  Perfect.
What he could see of the room within was two large sets of multi-paned windows, -clearly built into the warehouse’s high brick wall in the first place- and a smooth expanse of old but well well-kept hardwood floor, glowing in the afternoon sunlight.
, still naive enough to miss what was going on right under his nose, still as much of a target as he had been in high school, but now hunted by far stronger, far deadlier bullies, men with powers of their own, from whom Harry could no longer protect him.
No.  Tony hardly smelled like booze at all.  …Yet here he was, racked out on the couch
“So,” he said, “I heard you got rid of the bugs.”
“…What
Could well be the Goblin playing head games with a new persona, but-
“Come on man, get this show on the road…”  Luke said, weighing a heavy duty sledgehammer in one hand impatiently.
Time to find out if he was right, but Steve was looking a little nervous again.  Tony bit the inside of Steve’s right knee through his pants.
…Harry had the feeling a lot of things were going to be like that now.
“Go on…”  Tony smiled.
He wiped off all the paint he could with the side of his discarded paintbrush, scraping, wiping any trace of either of the former designs as clean as he could.
“…Do you get scouted by a lot of communists?”  Steve asked, concerned.
“…Yeah he is, why?”
“Massive structural damage, mostly on the first and second floor levels facing the street.  I don’t know if they will hold long enough to be repaired, but they’ve all been evacuated…  and Iron Man is there trying to stabilize them now.”
“Do I look like a freakin’
His foot slipped on the white enamel of the tub a little, but Steve’s hands had him.  Tony’s entire body tensed, ecstasy and adrenaline together, playing out in a sudden flush across his face and neck as he finished.
for men to be ‘roommates’…
It wouldn’t be long now, and Steve loved watching it happen.
“Hey-” Tony shook him gently, “…didn’t happen, right?”
“Thank you Leonard,” Tony said, standing.
Tony’s high-flying fairy princess was Hank’s Queen, and being cherished that completely
“Cap, what… what
“I’m here because I’ve been seeing one of the Avengers for over a year now.  If you haven’t noticed which one, maybe you should pay more attention.”
Ozzy began, not quite into the microphone.
“Yes, it’s upstairs,” Tony laughed, opening his soda.
Just another mission, and then the terrifying wrench of an impact, followed by the explosion, jerking the Huey right in midair so fast-
“That doesn’t mean I have to like-” Peter began.
They were looting- -or possibly exchanging- -the contents of a large wooden crate, but the moment they saw Luke come around the corner two of the five produced guns, and one was an M-14 machine gun.
“Word of advice, Stane,” Tony said, very, very quietly, “listen close, because I’m only gonna say this once.”
Steve glanced at a clock on the wall as he crept into another section of the freshly abandoned corridor. He’d only been here for twenty minutes, but he had to admit, he was kind of bored. When you’d saved the universe a handful of times and the world a dozen more, taking down shitty AIM bases was just lame.
“JARVIS?” He said, gripping to the wall for support. His mind was offline, so he was not sure what force was compelling him just then, but whatever it was, it decided on a plan of action and stood him up straighter, forced his eyes into focus.
Steve ground his teeth together and turned his head, looking at the dash sullenly. “Just… the way he reacted after,” he muttered eventually, “he was… I dunno. Freaking out, I think. But he saw the state I was in and acted like he didn’t give a shit. Just told me to stay under the bed for three hours until he came back from where Howard had asked him to go. I was- I mean, he didn’t even let me try and talk to him. Just gave me an order and then slammed the door behind him before I could say anything else or even hope to actually have a conversation about it. I don’t know what got into him.” Steve grimaced again, picking at his nails. “It just hurt, that was all. I got pissed off. And my dust allergies kicked in too, so I just couldn’t stay under there.
have been the product of a little too much alcohol and a stunning lack of inhibitions that did it in the end. In my defense- it seemed like a great idea last night.”
Steve watched him begin to wander off, pause, and then spin right back around for a second. “Do you-“ he began- and then cut himself off with a shake of his head and began to walk forward instead. He dug around in the pocket of his jacket for a few seconds as he walked back over, until he was pretty much standing right in Steve’s space without even realising, gaze too focused on the pen he’d pulled out.
Time moved on, the temperature dropping with each hour into the evening they went. The pain got worse. Tony slipped in and out of consciousness, knowing that his friends were still around him, still checking up. He felt something warm and soft slip over him, and blinked his eyes open as Bruce stepped back, now down to nothing but the thermal undershirt he had under his coat. He shuddered a little, although forced himself to stop when he saw Tony looking.
“Why does Tony like him, then?” He asked, but Thor just shook his head and then sat properly again, looking at all of them gravely.
The words were nothing but a whisper in the room, and Bruce’s face fell like a stack of bricks. He looked up at Clint rapidly. “Call him, now,” he commanded, and with a wordless nod Clint scarpered from the room, the door swinging shut behind him. Steve’s whole world felt like it was spinning off its axis; he couldn’t see, couldn’t breathe, this couldn’t be happening-
Tony nodded, and ripped open the envelope. Inside, there were three strips of paper, with hand-written sentences in the middle of them. He furrowed his brow curiously as he removed them, reading them quickly.
“—A good man,” Steve finished quietly, swallowing down the lump in his throat. He looked at his sketch again, thinking of all the experiments that had been done to Bucky before they’d made their escape. Thinking of the lack of a corpse, even though they’d looked for weeks and weeks, Steve putting all his considerable sway into getting a search party out there and helping.
wasn’t that just a punch in the gut to everyone in the room;
Outside the door of his hospital room, he could hear Steve chatting with one of the nurses outside. Since Tony had been pulled out of that HYDRA base and brought back to New York, that mother hen had barely left his side for a minute. Tony thought Steve was overreacting a little bit: he’d only been in captivity for a week, after all. Compared to
Which was quite possibly the furthest thing from the truth that anyone could possibly be, but that was just Tony for you.
Steve had always loved that sound. He always worried one day it would stop, too, but for now, Tony was very much alive, and his heart still beat. Steve could hear it for himself. It was a truly beautiful noise. The sound of life. The sound of everything Steve held dear, encompassed into one person currently drooling lightly against his ribs. He’d told himself to stop worrying so much over the other man after the whole embarrassing ‘I thought you were having a heart attack and crashed through your glass wall in order to try and save you’ debacle- but still. It was so deeply ingrained into Steve by that point in their relationship that he wasn’t entirely sure he’d ever be able to stop. Tony’s body was beautiful- the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen, even- but it was also fragile. Steve wouldn’t be forgetting that fact any time soon.
Steve fast seemed to be running out of confidence, because he was getting smaller and smaller in his seat. “Yes,” he confirmed, “and I know- I get if you don’t feel the same, that’s fine and we don’t have to change anything, I just thought… you have such a low opinion of yourself, but if you saw yourself through my eyes you’d see that I’d never
you for making me say that right now. After everything you’ve done. After you fucking hurt me,
“Guys!” Bruce said faintly from the living room, where he was sat helping Peter build something out of chunky Lego blocks, “I think Peter’s pooped.”
Safe? Tony had absolutely no reason to feel anything but. Why would he? Everything was back to normal now. “Steve,” he chided, keeping his voice warm and fond, “are you still possessed by an alien artefact?”
Like a flash, Tony wasn’t drowsy. In fact, his reactions were some of the quickest Steve had ever seen in his life. He barely even took a breath or looked at Steve at all- but a foot came out and hit him square in the stomach, hard and untamed. Steve wheezed in complete surprise, the power behind Tony’s foot sending him flying off the bed, landing him heavily on the floor below. Something blunt- a corner of a random bit of equipment, maybe- hit him on the nose on the way down, and he barely had the sense to withhold the grunt of pain as he was suddenly brought into close quarters with the bottom of Tony’s room.
Someone had left him on the doorstep of the tower.
Turning it on slowly, he tapped in his password and then looked over to Tony. “So what did you do?” He asked suspiciously, a small smile playing on his face as he looked down.
He realised this was when he said it, right here, right now. The words that altered Steve’s course in history forever.
Steve made a face. “Yes!”
when it was uphill. He tended to get warm far too easily, and so having an easy-access boyfriend to cool you down was truly a wonderful thing. “You seem chipper today.”
But he had a job to do. He was going to have to just suck it up. “I’ll be right over,” he said firmly, and then ended the call without further ado, sitting up on his elbows. He gave Tony an apologetic look.
. He should be at some high-brow school for geniuses, or making his name out in the science world or whatever the fuck, not stuck in some average public school getting high every other week and with no other reputation other than the fact that he was easy. It just didn’t seem fair.
It was a few moments later when she left the room. Maybe she’d said something else. Maybe she hadn’t. Steve couldn’t tell. It was all blurry and cold and wrong. He was pretty sure he was drugged with something or another. He was pretty sure he was dying, too.
Just like that.
Tony just looked at him, shaking his head.
His past version—the one who he had been before everything had gone wrong—would live on. No one would need to mourn him. The universe would right itself, and Steve would simply blink out of existence like he had never been there at all. A glitch. Wrong connection, temporary interference, whatever. It didn’t matter.
She raised her eyebrows and smiled at him. But it was strained. Tony could tell. “How’re you adjusting,” she said as she walked further in and looked at his leg, stuck out awkwardly in front of him. “Bet that’s gonna be annoying.”
“Steve?” Tony’s voice sounded concerned now, “Steve, what’s going on? Why are you whispering? Is something-“
In all honesty, Tony was glad that he didn’t remember any of that.
He nodded at her, and felt at least one worry ease off his shoulders a little. He could check that one off his list, thank God. “Thank you,” he murmured gratefully.
Tony.
“No, no, shit, he didn’t see me,” Steve assured him hurriedly, “I went under the bed. Tony’s… I think he’s fine. I left a little while after.”
He didn’t know if he’d be able to cope with knowing that he was the reason for it.
make an excellent pillow.
months. “I’ll be better,” he promised with a furious nod of his head, “I will, Steve, I swear, don’t go. Please, come on, I’ll do anything, just… please. Please, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to be weak, I didn’t—I’m—”
Gently, Steve let go of him; hands going firmly to Tony’s shoulders and then pushing him further down on the couch, until the back of his head hit the cushions. Their legs were still tangled together and Steve found his forearm ended up trapped behind Tony’s back, but Tony didn’t seem to find it uncomfortable. Just smiled sadly, eyes falling shut.
He jumped at the sound of Bucky coming back into the room in his usual brash manner; marching forward until his thighs hit the armrest and he fell face-first into the cushions. Tony blinked, and then dragged his eyes away from Steve, shaking himself a little. “oh- Figlio di
The first beams of sunlight streamed in through the huge windows, and Tony groaned melodramatically, curling further into Steve’s chest as the light hit his tired eyes.
Tony nodded, understanding dawning. “Oh. Yeah. I figured.” He paused, and then explained. “You sometimes… in the night. I hear you. You usually stop when I-“ he pulled back a little, looking at Steve questioningly before he raised his hand and settled it over Steve’s heart. “I’m here,” he said softly, leaning forward and kissing Steve’s forehead, “I’ve got you. You’re okay.”
Tony shuffled a little, looking apologetic as he said “sorry for calling you… names.”
Well. He supposed, in the grand scheme of things, this wasn’t the
“Of course I do,” he whispered, smiling gently, “there’s nothing I
“You’re incorrigible,” Steve informed him when they shut the door behind them a few seconds later.
“And if you were in our place, would
“No. I’m going to correct the timeline.”
“I love you too,” Tony responded, the words having no difficulty slipping off his tongue. He’d used to think it was so much harder than that, but it just wasn’t. Steve said it so much, so easily, at such otherwise meaningless points, that Tony had come almost to expect it. It was just a fact of his life. He was Iron Man. He was Tony Stark. He loved Steve, and Steve loved him, and said so whenever the thought came into his head.
“It will never happen again, Tony.” Steve whispered, his lips feather-light against Tony’s forehead.
Laughing gently, Tony stepped forward and wound his fingers through Steve’s, leaning into the man’s side. Steve glanced down at him, his lips quirking into an automatic smile. “We’re gonna be late for our 7:20 res,” Tony told him.
you’ve driven me halfway across the state to undoubtedly complete the act you just asked me whether or not I was okay with?”
Really, Steve should have just kept walking.
“Let’s call it a night,” he blurted, standing up very suddenly. “There’s nothing else here of importance and we know it. I don’t… I wanna see Peter again. Just. You know. To check.”
He gripped Tony tighter. Looked down at his lover, who gazed back at him, empty. His soul had gone elsewhere, to a place Steve couldn’t pull him from. His body, underneath Steve, was still warm. Of course it would be warm. Steve had made sure he wrapped up properly before they went out—Tony got sick easily and Steve didn’t want him to have a cold over the Christmas period. It always made him grouchy.
“If you think I’m bad, don’t ever go into Bruce’s lab when he’s stressed.”
“He’d been—
. Wanted to feel Steve’s hands on him, taste his kisses. Steve could even bite him, if he wanted. Tony knew people did it and loved it. And seeing as Steve mainly took animal blood and then substituted the rest of the nutrients with vitamin supplements, that’d probably be great for him as well as Tony.
Who knew baths could be so amusing to babies?
“You were the one who distracted me with your, your stupid mouth,” Steve grumbled as he tossed the charred remains into the trash. “You got any more onions?”
it wasn’t as if he had much room to talk.
He grinned to himself, falling into step beside Tony and then feeling the now-familiar electricity as their shoulder brushed at each stride. Tony turned his head, looking over to him and opening his mouth to say something.
Everything else he’d loved about the future was gone, and now he just had to carry on. Let the months pass by and try to wade through them.
Everyone snorted, and Steve poked the LMD with his foot. “Guess that’s one way of putting it,” he said grimly, looking up at Tony. There was blood all over his face- another sort of terrifying aspect about the serum. He bled more rapidly than other people, thanks to the speed at which his blood cells reproduced. It tended to make him look half-dead every time he got a facial wound, which didn’t exactly soothe many of Tony’s worries. He was going to have to make sure that Steve iced that later on.
“Uh oh,” Tony muttered by his side, hearing the yells down the line, “that doesn’t sound good.”
He broke away, hands leaving Steve’s face in order to flex angrily in his lap. He looked back out to the window, face tight. “I
I love you so much it
Tony lifted a hand and delicately pulled Steve’s face closer, checking out his cut lip and then moving his gaze over to the clock, which told him that Steve was supposed to be in school right now. “Did you go find Ty?” He asked quietly, “dammit, Steve—”
Tony chuckled softly, his fingers moving to stroke Steve’s cheek while Steve simply took him in, allowed himself to reflect and recalibrate. HYDRA had done a number on him, that much he could tell. Everything from the last few days felt hazy and wrong, distorted. But he hadn’t killed Tony. He hadn’t. At least Steve didn’t have to worry about that now.
He had to find Tony. And he
thing that could have happened to them today.
“No,” Steve blurted loudly. He could hear his heart beating loudly in his ears. “No, I have to… now.”
Tony has to admit, he was kind of distracted with the other works of art in the room to look much at what Steve was creating, but once he sets his eyes on it, it’s rather hard to look away.
“Thanks Brucie,” he said, because it was only Bruce who knew how to make coffee just right- everyone else had yet to learn the art.
She, like everyone else, would undoubtedly have seen the news. She’d have seen the footage of Steve Rogers, on his knees, holding tight to the corpse of his lover. That was probably the only reason she humoured him.
It was more than just sick. It was… something else entirely. Something Tony couldn’t even put a name on. Inhumane, maybe. But even that just seemed too trivial.
“Hey Peter, didn’t know you’d be back so ear- oh,” his Pops said, entering the room and faltering when he saw Dad already sat at the table.
Tony opened his mouth, gearing up to reply, but the words never came. Instead, he just slumped a little, sighing. The blank look came back to his eyes, and Steve regretted what he’d said instantly. Tony’s reasons were none of his business- and after all the effort Tony had gone to for him that evening, he really had no authority to be getting high and mighty about Tony’s tone. He was probably just stressed, and Steve didn’t blame him. He knew he was a goddamn handful on a good day.
Steve looked down at his bloody hand as it dripped onto the white tile. “He’s gone,” he said softly, the words edged with a mild disbelief that made Tony think of out-of-season snow showers or sudden deluges on an otherwise sunny day. He turned his gaze to Tony across the room, speaking only to him this time. “They took our baby boy.”
“We’re… I’m going to school, actually.”
. Obviously. But it'd make a good show for him to act like he was. “I… I know that’s a bit of a weird thing to say, right now of all times. I just. Well.” Steve laughed quietly, wincing as it strained his sore lip. “Some things get put into perspective when there’s a man with a knife an inch from your throat. You think about everything that led you to that moment, I guess. Everything that you should have done different.”
There was a glint in Tony’s eye as he leaned back and studied Steve. “Good mood, hmm? That sounds… unfamiliar. What, pray tell, caused this phenomenon?”
“—Then sleeping with me, wow,
you bastard!” Tony screamed, his fist slamming on the table and cracking through the room.
Steve figured the world must be unbearably overwhelming right now.
He stopped that train of thought abruptly and jerked a little. The heaviness inside grew ten sizes.
in the sunlight, with all the colours bouncing off his skin.
He let out a rather ungainly yelp as Thor hauled him up once more, and Steve shouldn’t have been laughing, really, but it was just so amusing to watch someone like Tony being hoisted around the air as if he didn’t weight a thing. God only knew how strong Thor must have been to do that- Steve would probably just crush himself if he ever attempted anything like it.
Steve just hummed in amusement and then moved to the buckle of his pants. Tony would probably have tried a little harder to seduce his boyfriend in that moment had he not been quite so exhausted, but as it was, he was content to simply let Steve pull his pants off without anything coming from it. Quite literally. Hah.
to deny it. Best not tempt the fates, really.
. You lost that ring and I tried to imagine someone doing that to me and I couldn’t- so I helped you. It was the least I could do.”
“I’m a seeker now,” Clint shrugged, before his hands began finding purchase on the vent.
Steve stared blankly at him. “Bucky, I’m gonna ask you one question and I want you to answer me real honest, alright? Brother to brother.”
"I have a potential cure synthesizing for you right now," he added to Steve, turning back to Loki to start cleaning his wound. "I'll compare it against the sample you brought back from Doom, and if they're a reasonable match then it's safe to use. I had to make my own from scratch to be sure, though."
“Should I wake Wade up?” He asked Spider-Man softly, yawning behind a hand.
“Is that Thor landing at the other camp?” Steve hissed in a whisper, stopping behind a short clump of bushes outside of the fancy campsite. Sticking his hands through carefully, he parted the leaves to get a better view.
"Your skin says otherwise," PJ Clint called over casually, wrapping his blanket back around his shoulders. He was still cold and without the blanket—the shaking had come back.
Peter nodded at Lola, stammering, “She’s…uh, your love there, you know she’s actually… Um.” Don’t panic, don’t panic, he told himself. The Spidey Sense was tingling at the back of his neck, and he couldn’t tell whether it was Loki causing it or his own anxiety over this situation.
Clint took Tony’s seat, pressing the coffee pot to his aching ribs. Ow, no. Hot bad.
All of the tears were starting to get to Tony; he laughed through a few of his own and said, “C’mon, it should be me begging YOU to marry me, not the other way ‘round. Also yes.” Lifting Steve’s hands, he kissed them one by one, trying not to sniffle too obviously. “Can’t think of anything I’d rather do than spend the rest of my life with you.”
Bracing himself, he ducked into their cabin. The air had the slight scent of waffles to it, and--YES, there was still some coffee left in the pot!
"If there was another that he would be more loath to part with, then you could go free and they would be captive instead. The archer tells me of a woman called Jane."
"He will not die on my watch," Thor said, frowning and getting to his feet. "Stark, is he correct? Does your life wane as we speak?"
That couldn’t be good.
"Well, you know where the place is—lead the way."
“She’s welcome,” he heard Tony saying, “but it’ll be a tight fit with this many people in the cars. I mean, unless we stick Peter back into the trunk for the trip home.”
Great, just great! Now he had THAT idea floating around in his head! Bruce was probably sitting inside Hulk’s mind, laughing his skinny butt off.
Cap sighed, folding the old recipe card up and tucking it into his wallet for safe keeping, right beside his Avengers Identicard.
“Good morning, sleepy head.” Hopping up from pointless push-ups (thanks super soldier serum), Steve came over to greet Tony with a kiss. He smiled, trying to tame the billionaire’s hair with a hand. “I didn’t think I’d see you until noon.”
"No problem," Peter said, giving him a thumbs up. "Actually, I figured it was gonna be around lunchtime, so I even packed you guys some sandwiches!" He swiped the packed lunch bag from among the shopping bags and turned back to Steve and Tony, offering it to them with a winning smile. "Don't worry, I have everything covered here on land 'til you get back."
"You're leaving?" Bruce's tired, deadpan look made it clear that HE didn't think it was a smart idea.
“Um, thank you,” Cap told Thor, taking the blanket from him and carefully placing it around Matt’s shoulders. “This is Matt, by the way. He’s a friend of Peter’s. Any luck finding him?”
Loki sat up promptly, fixing Tony with a glare.
“See ya!” Turning, Peter dashed off to figure out how he was going to fit in the back seat with Hawkeye and Dr. Banner. He had a feeling the rest of the summer was going to be awesome.
"Geez, don't freak out. I won't attack you and rip your clothes off or anything."
"Stay your hand," Thor told the archer, holding a hand out to him as well. He looked at Deadpool and frowned. Since the man in red had obviously come from the mansion's doors, he said, "Come along and we shall speak--I must seek shelter for my friends."
Bruce looked surprisingly thoughtful about what he was saying. He crossed his arms and looked at Clint for a moment.
Bruce seemed pretty comfortable with Clint hugging him, or holding his hand, or...well, Bruce being naked around Clint that morning, but that was probably a side effect of waking up after Hulking out so many times that it was kind of normal now. Still, it was tough to tell if the scientist liked Clint when nothing they were doing ever seemed to get his heart rate up. Having color-changing eyes was supposed to be a pretty handy way to check.
"What evil?" Thor loosened up his grip and blinked. "And what has become of Captain America?"
If anyone knew how to use a blade, it’d be Deadpool.
Peter snorted and then covered his mouth with one hand, laughing.
“That was a disaster—just like the rest of this weekend,” Cap said, his hand slipping from Tony’s as he paced around the edge of the fire. “I wouldn’t blame Bruce if he never wanted to talk to us again!”
Tony winced and doubled forward somewhat, still holding his chest. He wanted to hold up a hand to reassure Thor, but couldn't quite muster the strength to.
Bruce blinked and—did his cheeks flush a little? Loki might be imagining things. It was an interesting development if it was true.
Had the plan actually worked?
Clint stretched with a phony yawn, tucking his hands behind his head and arching his back. If the stretch was supposed to wake him up, it didn't seem to work. Dropping his hands back into his pockets, he yawned yet again.
Steve couldn't get drunk anyway, Tony figured, but maybe he'd appreciate the thought since he probably WANTED to get drunk after his ordeal with Doom. Tony knew he would want to.
He scratched his head and glanced uneasily over toward the steps up to the cabin. "Anyway, I'm going to just..." With a nod that way, he hurried off. Maybe he didn't want to hear whether Clint had actually been flirting or not.
"By not splitting up constantly," Bruce mumbled, shaking his head. He stepped over and leaned to check on Clint. "Morphine still hanging in there?"
Thor blinked at them, then broke into a big smile. Chuckling, he turned and hugged Lola—Loki—and planted a kiss on top of her head.
"Our comrades are in peril—this cannot be ignored for idle pursuits!" A few moments passed, a bland tune playing as the numbers above the elevator doors ticked down. The elevator door hissed open at last, revealing the underground hall.
Slipping into his room stealthily, Clint rummaged through his suitcase of clothes. He had purposely brought every loud piece of clothes he owned, with logos and colors so bright they burned the corneas.
The glove gave a thumbs up sign instead of either suggestion. Then it went rocketing out the door again.
"It's okay, Cap, he's asleep right now." He turned the marshmallow over, examining it in the firelight. It seemed like he wanted to say more, but he glanced at Peter a time or two and only sighed.
“Uh, I can see that you know what you did was wrong, so there’s no need for…harsh words,” Cap bumbled through explaining, pretending to do some stretches.
From Black Widow to this scrawny nerd, he thought curiously. Maybe the concussions are stackin’ up.
“Oh, I, uh…” Realizing he had better not turn down Loki’s hospitality, Peter accepted the coffee cup with a quick smile. “Thank you. I’m kind of weird for a guy my age,” he told Loki honestly, following him.
He sighed heavily. “I still don’t get it. He’s way too smart for this. Since Deadpool knows he’s Peter Parker, all it would take was for that guy to blab to some super villain and Peter’s family and friends would be targets, Matt included.”
Clint was relieved that everyone seemed to be settling down. The medical room hadn’t seen so much action in...ever. Besides him and Tony, nobody really needed to get patched up a lot. It had gotten pretty quiet.
“How was your first day? I know you don’t get a lot of time to yourself, so I hope it was peaceful. No offense to Hulk,” he added, trying to muster a smile. It probably just looked like a cringe, but that was close enough.
"Then I'd better come along," Bruce said, frowning and starting after him. He snagged the blanket from the bed on his way past, draping it over Clint's shoulders again. "I know you're not a clone."
“…How…?”  Steve stared, hands pausing on the buttons of his trench coat.
“A lot.  Why do you ask?”  Tony replied.
“Have they caught the guys who tried to kill my team yet?”  Tony asked.
Steve ran his fingers through the back of Tony’s hair, and smiled.
Steve gave him a doubtful look.
The clear plastic sheets were practically made-to-order for this.  Technically they’d been covering an order of furniture to his right when he’d walked in the door, but they made great drop cloths, and the one taped around the table Tony had simply left on.  Now an intricate and regular pattern of disassembled parts had spread onto three such drop cloths surrounding the base of the table, and the best part was, he could just pick up all the plastic corners and -run- if he had to.
“Why exactly would they be mad at you?” Peter went to cut the gauze, reconsidered after glancing at the old bloodied bandage, and started to wrap a few extra layers on. “I’m not your responsibility. Unless…” He frowned. “Did Cap send you along to keep an eye on me?”
"You still have the word of Doom!" Doctor Doom insisted from the other side of the bars. He'd said he would let Captain America and the others go, but he hadn't specified when...so for now they were all still in his dungeon. He'd even been generous enough to let them all sit in the SAME cell now...
"I don't know why there are two of you, but you're both Clint to me," he said. "Let's stop the bickering."
Peter leaned and looked at the package of flags.
Okay, so Cap was probably right on that one.
There the kitchen window, which opened and had a wide windowsill, looked out onto a pale wooden deck overlooking the sea with two knotted white roped hammock chairs that swayed gently in the ocean breeze.
“Yes, you know, 'tool' is the right word—because you used me to do your dirty work!” Daredevil grumbled. He puffed out a sigh. “Peter, Deadpool had me convinced that you were in trouble and I may have said something to your girlfriend. I’m very sorry. I should have known better than to trust this idiot!”
“Huh, never thought of that,” Clint told him, grateful that at least a little light made it through the trees.
Loki clutched at her hands, struggling to get free.
Steve shook his head, and Clint saw him silently pressing his Avenger's card in his pocket. It flashed briefly as the arrows lit up to send the signal. Cap slipped the card between the seat cracks.
Bruce put his arm around Loki again, draping the blonde's arm over his shoulders, and helped him climb the stairs again.
“Don’t remember. Hulk was sleeping, then suddenly he’s in the middle of the forest.”
“Is the whole team going to be fishing, or do we have some lake group activities in mind?” Tony asked Cap pointedly. Clint looked like he was about to throw something. He had never had anything positive to say about Bruce’s fishing, and Tony had always assumed that meant Bruce was actually really bad at it.
Clint looked eager to leave, but leaned on Bruce instead. He seemed to be lost in thought for a moment.
Thor was exactly where Steve had left him last night when switching places for his second watch. The lake shore near him had been picked clean of any suitable skipping rocks, and instead he was spinning Mjolnir around a finger idly. As Steve stepped down the trail, Thor threw the magic hammer out above the lake. Rather than fall into the water, it flew in a shining circle and returned to his hand. It was like watching somebody playing with a yo-yo—a yo-yo that could knock trees down.
"This is awesome, isn't this awesome? We should do this, like, every night. Morning. Whatever." Deadpool pulled up his own mask only enough for his mouth to be visible and took a large bite of his hotdog.
"Put me d-down." He pointed to Tony's hands. "Lasers."
The sleepiness was abruptly shaken away, and he could feel his heart thudding in his chest. That...probably wasn't a good thing.
“Like I said, if you want to say we’re a couple, we don’t have to do anything differently. Maybe we could just let Peter and his boyfriend believe whatever they like and go from there. If YOU can mistake us for pretending to be a couple, Wade might do the same thing,” Cap explained quietly, adding with a sigh, “I think Thor might think we’re together, too.”
The last time he felt so hopelessly lost had been when he was captured by the Skrull. Locked in a tiny cell, he never let himself give in to the thought that he may never get to see Tony again. That kind of thought cut into him like a knife.
“Tomorrow. Tonight, I get to spend hours alone with you for the first time all weekend.” He picked Steve’s hand off of his shoulder and held it, brushing the backs of Steve’s fingers with his thumb. This camping trip had gone so far off the rails so fast, but Tony was right—for the moment, they didn’t have to put any distance between them.
"That's right," he began, then held up a hand as he broke into a big yawn. Clearing his throat, he turned to sit sideways on the hammock with his legs hanging over the edge. "A-hem, you got us, I orchestrated sleeping in 'til whatever-o'clock-it-is just to corner you."
"Might I advise you to go tell him yourself, sir?" Jarvis sounded perhaps a little offended that he had to be the middleman (even though he was a computer program, and technically that was his job.) Perhaps he knew that Iron Man was more likely to listen to Thor than to him.
That beeping was still in the background, and the resemblance to a heart monitor wasn't really helping any.
Stupid tequila. Stupid vacation. Stupid perfect Steve, he thought drowsily.
“Do you want some eggs, Peter?” Cap asked, ignoring Wade’s comment and turning his attention to the teenager.
"Let me go. I'll help you find him," Clint offered her. He looked like he would rather be sleeping, too.
"He didn't have to gas me," Pepper mumbled, coughing slightly again. "I-I don't even have any superpowers."
"Let's get you to the couch." Ms. Marvel opened the door for them, beckoning to Steve. She had to come over and help him along.
"Don't you want to go smash stuff? Jeez, you've been in Bruce's head for days!"
"A fine idea!" Thor smiled and looked up at the ceiling as he tended to do when speaking to Jarvis. "Jarvis, have you been listening?"
Quirking his eyebrows, Cap glanced off back down the beach and then back to Peter, rubbing his neck.
“Thor,” Clint said. “We could have Thor mess up the weather on purpose. Are there any small islands off shore? As soon as they get out there, we just have Thor whip up a storm so they can’t come back for a couple hours.”
Clint felt giddy as he took Bruce’s hands in his, sighing.
As he did so, Loki placed a hand on Bruce's arm and stared at him as warmly as he could.
"Occupied airspace," he mumbled.
He sighed, hoping vaguely that Tony had finished whatever he had been working on and noticed that Steve was missing. It was a miracle that the billionaire noticed anything. Cap included.
"Hotdogs!" Deadpool said happily, trying to climb up the wall to follow Spider-Man. After he struggled to find a hand grip, he gave up and followed him on foot. "Why would we eat steak?"
They passed one of many huge umbrellas on the beach and Clint noticed a set of women’s feet resting on her lounge chair, gold toenails sparkling in the sun.
Bruce had turned quickly at the kick, bringing his hands up to shield himself from any attacks purely out of instinct.
"T-then I'll go first," the blond said, closing his eyes. His breathing was still awful, but he managed to speak without too much coughing. "We've been f-friends for years n-now, but...I feel like I've never had s-someone I trust more." Gazing at Tony again with baby blue eyes, he chuckled. "If you were a w-woman, I would have asked you to marry me—but, uh." He shook his head, smiling. "The m-men I've fought alongside w-with, even Bucky...Tony, no one c-can replace you." He frowned suddenly. "So p-please don't d-die."
Peter put an arm around his aunt's shoulders protectively and frowned at the big man.
“That’s not bad,” Clint mumbled, rubbing his head. “We could mess that up to slow them down.”
“Bruce?” Clint called, missing the rock with his hand entirely. The right side of his face connected with solid stone. Was that his neck popping or his jaw? Something really hurt. It could be one of the many bruises adorning his face, freshly scraped up thanks to the damn rock.
That sobered Tony up a bit. He squinted at Steve, trying to decide if he'd heard right.
"Then that can't be the real Clint," Carol groaned, pressing a hand to her forehead. "It's probably a robot or a clone or something. We need to find Bruce!"
Giving Loki a nervous smile and a little wave, Peter muttered out of the corner of his mouth, “I know that’s Loki!” Clearing his throat loudly, he added to the Jotun, “Good morning! Wow, that smells like some great espresso!”
The door popped open, and only after glancing inside did Tony fold the mask of his suit up and look at them both suspiciously.
He'd get to the bottom of it, he swore. Maybe knowing Peter was dating a guy would make them more comfortable telling him if they were together, right? Right. Maybe he didn't know what he was talking about, and they were just friends. Friends who got jealous when the other walked on the beach with Dr. Banner, or got hugged by drunk Hawkeye. Yeah.
"...Hulk says...you had something to give me?" He asked, raising an eyebrow.
There was a long silence while Loki's mouth hung open in shock. He shut it and frowned suspiciously.
Hovering a hand over the shelf as he searched, Clint started to miss his bow. Improvising always made him think of his bow. Most of his arrows were based on something he had to improvise in a fight.
Peter took a deep breath and shrugged it off, plunking down with him and pretending to get wrapped up in picking out seashells to top the parapets. He had his answer, though. Something was definitely bothering both of them, and just as definitely it was something they didn't want to discuss with him. There were only a few things Peter could imagine them wanting to censor for him, and romantic troubles was one.
Loki tried his best not to let himself blush, closing his eyes to pretend to sleep instead.
Hawkeye caught him, keeping him from tipping over.
"You know, it's weird—but I sort of like that first guy." Loki pondered, thinking over his interactions with Hawkeye. The man had an air of mischief about him. "And I think he likes me." He shrugged a shoulder. "I sort of wish neither of us was a fake—I'm cooler than I thought I was."
Hugging the metal detector with one arm, he unwrapped his ice cream and took a bite.
With a roll of thunder, the rain suddenly went from ‘pitter-patter’ status to ‘downpour.’ Peter glanced at the sky as if it had chosen that particular moment on purpose and shook his head, trudging along with Clint. “You don’t think they’d have a problem with two guys together, do you? Because I know they wouldn’t.”
Tony stood up with jeans and a loud Hawaiian print shirt in his arms, blinking.
Cap spun away from the dresser, frowning worriedly at the TV.
"What happened to him?" She asked worriedly, pointing at Clint.
“I wouldn’t make you put up with Wade twice in one day,” he said, smiling. “Never say never, though. Thanks for the chat, and the coffee.” Resisting the urge to make a little bow—wasn’t Loki a prince or something?—Peter turned and made his way out of the shiny expensive rows of tents, walking down the trail toward the curve of the lake. He couldn’t web-sling until he was out of Loki’s sight, and so it felt like it took a long time.
There was a clunking noise from just outside the kitchen door that made them both jump, and then hasty footsteps toward the exit to the cabin. Tony froze, hand still holding onto Cap's on his shoulder, and glanced slowly that way.
Tony had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. Of course Steve wasn't talking about THEIR conversation not going well, that would be too direct and easy.
"Clint. Don't do anything stupid, please? It's the weekend. Just cooperate if you’re really you." Carol sighed, crossing her arms again.
Wow, when was the last time he built a sandcastle?
"Displeased? Hell yeah I'm 'displeased!' Whatever happened to part of 'the team?' Huh? You guys just left me in some creepy warehouse!" As he came closer, they could see that his normal purple outfit was ripped and dirty—like he had been rolling through mud. "Where IS everyone?"
The archer stared at him like his bow had just snapped in half.
Bruce blinked and glanced at him.
If Wade really was up there with the tent, God help him, because the second Matt wasn’t in sight of any Avengers he’d have full use of his fists and acrobatic skills.
"Bruce?" Came Clint’s familiar voice. "Is that you?"
"It's just the morphine talking. Lay still, I'm going to take care of this injury so you don't bleed anymore, okay?"
Thor had a hand on Tony's shoulder, and looked troubled by whatever reaction he'd been having to Loki's odd treatment. Tony thankfully had blanked out a little bit, there, and didn't realize he'd been screaming. All he knew was that now the ache in his chest was much duller and more subdued, and he could breathe easily again.
"...Please tell me the door isn't electric."
"Don't worry, pal—we'll rent it when it's released." Clint quickly unburied a hand to stick it into the popcorn bowl. The last thing Bruce remembered the archer eating was half a donut yesterday.
“Was that Peter’s voice?” Yet another voice asked. A moment later, Steve came around the tree behind Thor. His face lit up with a smile at seeing Peter. “Wow. Funny running into you all the way out here.”
"Keep flashing, big guy—I'll be right back!" Hopping off the log, he made his way to whatever it was.
Seeming a little surprised at being singled out, Bruce raised his hand in a hesitant little wave in return.
Pepper stepped over, too, more focused on avoiding looking at Doom than anything at the moment. She seemed like she couldn't get out of there too soon.
"Uh. I-it's complicated," he mumbled, wrapping his arms around himself. More pointedly, he asked, "You guys know what Daredevil's powers ARE, right?"
"If you don't walk much when you're young, your legs won't stay healthy and strong when you're my age, dear."
“I won’t be long.”
Steve nodded, closing his eyes and leaning against Tony. With a sigh, he went limp, sliding to the ground.
Pepper stepped right past him and hurried to the basement door, pulling it open.
"Bruce, would you step outside for a minute?" Loki growled, circling behind the couch.
“I’d rather be at home, in my room, stuffing my face with a XXL pizza,” Clint said, frowning at Deadpool’s back.
Thor hugged everyone, but he just seemed to be friendly. He hugged Janet as much as anyone else. As far as Steve understood, Hawkeye had been in a relationship with Black Widow, so he probably wasn’t queer either.
“When you put it that way it sounds pretty gruesome,” Tony said, wrinkling his nose. “Bruce is smart—I’m betting he’d rather run to get his heart rate up and Hulk out than just let some bear maul him.” What a lovely conversation topic first thing in the morning… Tony didn’t particularly wish harm on Bruce, but the guy HAD been the one to decide to go camp out away from everybody in the middle of the forest alone. “Maybe we should pull rank on him and make him camp within sight of the tents.”
"That's a giant bottle of sunscreen. Would you mind if I used some, too?"
"Sure." Hawkeye raised an eyebrow, patting Steve's back.
"Oh, yeah. You want something to drink or anything?"
“I don’t think anyone slept well last night. It’s hard to rest when there’s a super villain across the lake.”
Taking the offered hands, Clint got to his feet, dusting himself off and snagging the detector from where he had dropped it.
“You shouldn’t eat and sleep at the same time.” Taking a bite of his own sandwich, the scientist shook his head at his friend. Chewing more thoughtfully, Clint just gave him a nod.
“Er, is there something that you need to tell US, Thor?”
"Woo! POPCORN!" Johnny cheered. He slapped Thor on the back. "Let's do this!"
"He'd never do that, Bruce. Hulk loves me," Clint told him confidently, grinning. “We’re buddies.”
There was some kind of chemical bubbling on a burner nearby. The air had that sharp, acidic reek of burnt mixtures, almost like melted wiring. It was making the back of his throat dry.
"I stitched him up again," he said quietly, feeling weary all over again. This was kind of like sleepwalking...eyes closed and everything. "He's well enough to walk away."
"After you've lived in a few jungles, this doesn't feel like 'hot weather' anymore," he admitted. Clint was pretty sure he was sweating at least a little bit, though. "...I guess maybe I'm just so used to covering up anywhere there are other people, it's automatic?" The scientist offered, seeing that he wasn't buying the first excuse.
"I'm not the best person to watch them," Bruce said pointedly. "They keep...startling me."
Cap quirked an eyebrow at him, but didn't say anything.
"I guess I like 'em nerdy," Loki quipped, smoothing out a wrinkle in Bruce's collar with his thumb. "And those eyes." Leaning in close, he pressed a kiss onto the scientist's cheek. "But I don't know about the beard."
An Iron Man glove came flying inside the room.
“Crime doesn’t take vacations,” the blond man murmured, staring through his reflection in the glass.
Maybe Steve had misunderstood him.
Which he had yet to find. On the beach or in the cabin. Someone else MUST have moved it, and it hadn’t been tequila-Clint. Maybe Hulk would know?
Bruce blinked, obviously not expecting him to notice or care. He was also looking at Loki a little strangely, like maybe he had some running commentary going on in the back of his head and it was awkward or something.
“That’s a great idea,” Cap agreed, smiling in return. “A team building exercise. I like it.”
The Jotun flinched like he’d been hit, immediately wiping off his face and raising a hand out above the water. His fingertips glowed with a magical green light.
"Sure," Clint replied immediately, as it suddenly seemed to occur to him that they were alone now. He rubbed his neck and glanced at Bruce.
"See? No Hulk needed."
“So?”
“Hey other me.” The purple Avenger grinned down at him. “I've got some more of those special arrows, just for you.”
“That sounds great.” Cap rested a hand on Tony’s back in passing, bending to hoist the kayak up by an end. Peter tilted his head, noting that Tony shot the blond a smile in return. Hmm. “Thor,” Cap continued, “Perhaps you can help me return the kayaks? Everyone else, it’s time to pack.”
Peter shrugged.
Clint stepped over beside Bruce, bewildered what he was supposed to say to that. Swallowing his food, he slapped a hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
Rising from his chair, he gave Tony a kiss.
"I feel a little bad for how I got Cap to agree to this," Peter confessed, looking sheepish. "Although Matt's better at improv than I thought. He sure knows how to hit a guy where it hurts--right in the responsibility."
"I know this stand over by that tower that says "Steak" on the side!"
The new cell was an improvement—they weren't in shackles anymore. It was still a cell, though, and it appeared to lock the same way the shackles had.
“If there really was an issue, you’d think Hawkeye would have been hurt by now. I think we should just leave them alone. It’s none of our business.”
"Still in one piece," Tony confirmed, offering him an armored hand. "Hey, hey, sit down, okay? Looks like Bruce didn't make your magic cure before the power went out..."
Iron Man glanced from the prisoners to Doom, deliberating. The villain nodded once, apparently finding the proposal acceptable.
While he was wishing for the ideal, he just wished they were on the fishing boat, alone, and that the Hulk wouldn't tamper with his pulse for once.
“Where did Tony go, Cap?” Peter asked guiltily.
"I do remember one thing about last night," Tony commented, picking up his coffee again. "Besides swimming with you, piggyback rides and mermaid something-or-other, I mean."
Staring from the newspaper to Tony, Cap couldn’t help frowning harder. Pushing away the embarrassing idea, he focused on Tony’s face instead, at the amber colored eyes and the eye bags below them. Hopefully Tony hadn’t been losing sleep over this…
Carol waited there, frowning.
Wishing that the other two men weren’t standing nearby, Cap just gave Tony a small nod.
“I’m sorry for my part in all the lies. Even if we hate who Wade is, it’s your choice if you want to date him or not. We just worry about you. I worry about you. The Avengers have each other and you’re out there by yourself. If Wade has your back and treats you well, he’s certainly got my approval.”
Steve nodded.
“I’ve been struck by lightning!” Wade added brightly.
The two others quickly resorted to childish pushing, which Loki lost, since he was apparently losing A LOT of blood. As Hawkeye gave him a good shove, Loki disappointed himself when he tipped over quite easily, right on top of Bruce.
Both Clint and Loki paused to eavesdrop. The injured Jotun reached to place a hand on Bruce's shoulder, almost pushing Hawkeye away.
"So you finally come to," a low, menacing male voice said from behind him. It was then that Clint realized he was shackled to some kind of bed or examining table type of thing, and wearing nothing but his pants.
"Back, monster!" The Asgardian woman yelled, blasting Hulk in the face with a ball of magic. It didn't do much, but it did help her avoid being caught. She laughed, flying off—right into the shield. Smacking into it with full force, it was a lot like watching a bird hit a window. She dropped Loki as she fell back in shock.
“To the kitchen!”
"Okay, ow. You better watch your head!" Seeing Cap heading for that side, too, the billionaire crossed his arms. "Okay, I'm pretty good at frisbee, but not three-on-one good. A little help, here?"
“What? Seriously?” Hawkeye complained, spinning around.
“All is well—do not trouble yourself, Banner,” Thor said, stepping along after the two of them. “If indeed we are finished with the archery, though, perhaps we could return to the s’mores?”
"You're in bad shape, Cap. I won't drag you all over the mansion with me."
"You'll be alright, but only after I put some pressure on that. Sit."
"Uh..." Peter brought a hand up to rub the back of his mask. "What do you mean?"
Bruce blinked, then looked off into the woods. Clint thought maybe mentioning bears made him worry about them coming back, but after a minute he realized Bruce was shaking his head.
Besides, what was the point? Anyone Steve dated, he would outlive. Especially someone like Tony, who lived a very fast and dangerous lifestyle. The billionaire wasn’t queer, anyway. He was a known flirt and while he and Cap had one picture together in a newspaper, there were hundreds of pictures of Tony with random women.
A few tries at wriggling free quickly proved fruitless, so Spider-Man just tried to look up at whoever had tackled him.
Tony had come THIS close to blurting out how he really felt, and suddenly he was grateful for Wade's tendency to interrupt them in the middle of a sentence. Thank GOD he wasn't having to backpedal right now and downplay his own feelings while Steve was all apologetic that he didn't feel that way, himself. Just the thought was mortifying.
How many secret relationships were going on, here? Loki thought, shifting to sit up a bit.
“Tony, I think we should try to sneak over there and spy on him. If we can figure out why he’s here, we can stop him before he hurts anyone.”
“Loki!” Thor’s voice boomed loud enough through the sky that there was no way Steve and Tony couldn’t hear it. The big blond came flying in and landed beside the campfire, whipping the flames up in the wind. “And Peter, I am glad to see you have returned!”
"How exactly are you planning on catching Thor? I know you got Cap, but Thor's a little harder to hold on to. I don't know if you know this, but he's sort of a demigod."
“He wants to be a better person, so that’s what I’m helping him do.” The redhead placed a hand on Peter’s shoulder and gave him a charming smile. “I promise we’ll be waiting for you when you get back.”
Movement across the bonfire caught his attention. Cap and Bruce had both just stood, and were heading off down the beach toward the water. Tony squinted after them. First Bruce wanted to sit over there, then he went off with Cap on the night time tropical beach alone? What was up with that?
On instinct, Steve pulled Tony around behind him. Upon seeing the hand, he relaxed, though, smiling back at Tony.
“Peter? Bruce?” Clint shouted over the rumbling thunder. It was pouring hard enough that he couldn’t see all the way up to the cabins from where he was.
"We'll be back soon," Tony promised. "Don't wreck my living room, the new TV JUST arrived. And Hawkeye?" He waited until both of the blonds glanced. "Stop fighting or I'll assume you're BOTH impostors. Got it?"
"Bruce! You out there?"
“I don’t understand what you expect me to say! This is it. This is how we are,” he gestured between himself and Tony. “We can agree on everything but us!”
Thor blinked, his eyes flicking toward the trail back to the Avengers’ camp. He seemed to be choosing his words carefully a moment later when he replied, “Perhaps you should speak with him on the matter, friend. It is true that he was not in the best of spirits yesterday, but our conversation was a private one.”
Bruce stared at the two in front of them, stunned. The other two Clints had been...Amora the Enchantress...and LOKI?
"This isn't y-your best plan, Tony. What if the mansion gets struck by lightning?"
"How about that pizza?" The blanket wearing Clint added, ignoring the frown that his twin had aimed at the back of his head.
“Talk of what town? Your work retreat imitation of actual camping?”
“No luck,” Tony said, looking down at his phone with a frown. “I tried calling, I tried texting. My phone’s working just fine, so either there’s no reception where Peter is, or the kid managed to break his phone.”
"We're going to go clean up his lab. Catch you later."
Shaking his head, Steve stepped  to the other side where Wade was supposed to be. It didn’t bother him if they changed places, except for the fact that Tony was right in front of him.
Clint glanced at Cap, who had beat him to the punchline.
"It's okay," Peter sighed, shoulders slumping in relief. "I know this's probably really awkward for you to talk about, so thanks for listening to me. Hey, what did you mean earlier when you said other Avengers are gay?" Hawkeye for sure, Peter thought. Like, one hundred percent bi, at the least.
"Uh...I thought you were needle-proof," the mortal man muttered, watching as Loki leaned on the couch, still trying to wrap his mind around actually being injured.
And why was the Hulk so NOT? He hung out with the huge green guy all the time, even though the world at large was terrified of him. Maybe it was just a matter of who Clint knew better, though. He didn't feel like he DIDN'T know Bruce, though...
Bruce immediately went back to his needle and thread, fidgeting with the tied tip of the latter.
"You mean the tatters of my research all over the floor?" Bruce replied dully, dumping the water glass in the sink. He sat the empty glass on the counter, looking around at the messy kitchen. There was still bow-tie pasta all over the place.
“You can’t go out there! We’ll find him. Don’t worry.”
“Interesting—who’s Matt?” Steve asked, stepping into position.
“Someone say food?” Hawkeye asked, wandering out into the room. He was wearing a pair of purple pajama pants and a white shirt that simply read ‘dunno’ on the front in bold red letters.
"You know that metal is ALL over his body?" Clint chimed in.
"Yeah, tell me about it," Tony said over her com. "They went inside and Hulk didn't even rip any big holes in the walls..."
"Oh you know." Johnny leaned back in the air like he was relaxing on a lounge chair. "Savin' hot babes from traffic jams and stuff. You?"
"Hmph...what papers?" The Hulk snorted one more time, then planted both fists on the floor and began to rapidly shrink back down to Bruce's size, closing his eyes as his green skin faded to gray and then began to turn a more peachy shade again.
"Then let me HELP and you'll feel better," the Hulk said stubbornly, scowling down at him. "Can't turn back into Banner right now—I'm all you get, Cupid."
“Hey, calm down buddy—I'm just going to get rid of the fake mes.” The glowing Hawkeye pulled another arrow from his quiver, aiming at the injured—and strangely unaffected—Clint.
Peter put his hands on his hips.
The blond wrapped an arm over Tony's shoulder instead of Carol’s, coughing. He looked pale.
"Lock them into what? Cap could bust through most walls," Peter said sheepishly. "That, and that would be kind of mean. We don't want them to think we're being attacked or that anybody is in danger, or they won't relax."
“There’s a waterfall and a bunch of caves and I heard there’s treasure from an old man that died a long time ago sunken in a boat in the bottom of the lake and we’re gonna go find it, but Hawkeye said he saw a monster in the lake, so we’re on a mission to save Captain America and the rest of the Avengers, which hopefully will make them realize that I’d also make a great Avenger—”
Hank shuffled into the kitchen just then, looking the least gloomy Cap had seen him since they'd arrived. Now he just seemed preoccupied with something as he walked right past everybody and to the coffee pot, pouring a mug full.
“Not much we can do about the Hulk. It’s alright. Hey,” Matt lowered his voice, turning away from Deadpool and the tent. “Maybe I should go. Wade’s right. This trip was for you two, not me.”
“I put you on speaker so we can both hear you, Matt. Uh…Hawkeye’s here, too, just so you know.”
"Yay. Right wandering person. The last one I ran into didn't talk. They just ran off!" There was a pause. "Hey, where are you at?"
He settled for standing beside him and dropping his voice to a whisper as soon as Clint marched off indignantly to find more rocks for the ring.
Captain America's continuing efforts to escape his shackles were interrupted when the door slammed open and Clint was tossed into the cell on his face. Doom himself was looming in the doorway, his metal mask scowling at Cap.
"I honestly don't know," Tony admitted. "I mean, maybe he was just with Steve at the time and got swept up, but...with the way Doom operates, if he doesn't see somebody as necessary he'll probably either kill them or just leave 'em behind. Unless...hmm."
Peter perched on the wall just below his window and looked down at Deadpool smushed one story down.
“Inform Iron Man of this crime. I shall go and search the premises!”
Clint cleared his throat, turning quickly to walk to the fence.
“You’re not a normal woman, are you? You’re quite…exceptional.”
The uninjured Hawkeye ran out into the hallway, bow at the ready. He spotted Thor and grinned.
He’d just thought of dating Tony. They worked together well enough and sometimes it certainly felt like they were the parents of the Avengers.
The merc flinched, almost rolling down the roof.
Maybe he would turn back into Bruce, though? Bruce was a doctor, sort of.
"Cure?" Carol asked, looking at the handkerchief. "Was he poisoned, Tony?"
Steve hurried to get Peter a cup of coffee, handing the kid the plate with two fresh waffles on it as soon as it was ready.
"Ah, so it WAS pity." Loki nodded, ignoring Thor for the moment. "But you are lying, Stark."
A distant crash sounded in the trees up the hill. It was in the direction of Wade and Peter’s campsite, as a matter of fact.
Frowning, Cap shifted in his seat to frown at the backseat.
"Huh. I bet he does. He probably just sneaks 'em when nobody's looking. You know, last time I swung by his house, there weren't any flies there," he muttered suspiciously, rushing down the stairs with surprising ease. They arrived at the basement door and he sat her down gently, still talking. "...Aunt May's tuna salad."
And Loki.
Peter and Wade were laughing again down the beach. It was like life had its own laugh track, Tony thought bitterly. Oh yeah, ha ha.
He tossed it to Cap, who flipped it like he often did with his shield, before throwing it over to Peter. Despite the joking tone, Wade looked a bit on-edge now.
Bruce stepped after him.
“Jeez! They don’t bother us this much when we’re at home!”
Clint suddenly wanted to know more about him, suddenly wanted to go somewhere without the others to hang out...and even wanted to spend time with the Hulk, of all people.
Matt’s eyebrows perked with surprise.
"He's been up there for hours," Loki added.
“I…” Cap mumbled, trailing off and shaking his head. “Let’s just focus on the task at hand. The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can get back to shore and keep those three from tangling up their friendship even worse.”
The driver was punching more buttons on the dashboard, catching the rattling driving wheel. The taxi, while it steadied out, was bouncing over some sort of bumps on the ramp, rattling Clint’s teeth. The ramp seemed steeper with each passing minute, and there was some kind of ominous greenish glow in the distance...
“Your cabin—that’s why I felt like I should tell you why I’m here before I break in and start a fight.” Daredevil slipped off the side of the car, landing gracefully on the bumper and lingering there to peer down at them. “I just want to talk to Deadpool. He sort of…left me to clean up his mess. A bus driver almost died.”
"Cupid's not coming outside with me," the Hulk said firmly. He looked around the kitchen, seemed annoyed that whatever he was looking for was not there, and headed for the living room.
“Hey boss,” Peter greeted him, looking up.
“May I?”
Tony motioned Steve over, and pointed.
Central Park, NYC.  2:28 PM.
“Yes, sir,” said Lt. Farrell.
My pretty child, my sweet one.
Would knowing that the only reason Peter had never asked out MJ was because he was a
“God…
“Nhh.
“…Have you decided, then?”  Steve asked, looking into the shadowed eyeslits of War Machine’s helmet as though he could see through the rest of the metal as well now.
“What do you know ‘bout it?”  Luke asked.
Wait.
Steve groaned, and pressed his face against Tony’s abs in denial.
“-M’good,” Tony panted, “-p- -please continue…”
Steve had the desire to reach back through time, and put that right.  Hank was a stubborn man, but Steve felt sure he could have-
“Uh-huh,” Tony agreed pleasantly, eyes flicking to the clear plastic ID holder clipped to the pocket of her sharp blue blazer.
all that goddamned gel that now covered the carefully sealed connectors- -without electrocuting him outright.
“No, it doesn’t.”
War Machine’s helmet came up off the ground slowly, and- …the big gray suit’s weapon systems lost power.  All of them at once, leaving only the internal power-assist/articulation servos and life support systems up and running.
Steve’s noticed. And now they’re probably going to have a long and awkward conversation about boundaries, where Steve tells him he needs to stop wearing his clothes, which will suck, because Tony
He was just thinking about it. In an objective sort of way.
Steve continued to glare at the two brothers for a moment, before turning back to Tony and helping him to lie back down on the couch without another word from his pursed lips. If hospital was off the cards, then Steve needed to get to work. Tony’s face was at least clean of blood now, so he could start on sticking butterfly bandages to the worst cuts. “Thor, get some ice,” he ordered bluntly, “Loki, get Tony fresh clothes. These are—” he looked at the blood splatters that covered them and swallowed down the bile that he tasted on the tip of his tongue. “These are ruined.”
He sat down beside Steve, quiet for a moment. Steve didn’t fill it with anything. It hung in the air like a disease.
“Race you there,” he said to her, and then flexed his palms and shot off into the Swiss sky without another word. In his mind, he saw the blank screen of his phone, the lack of a heartbeat that should have been there.
. And Goddamn it, Steve knew him. He knew, in his heart, that Tony could never be the man everyone at SHIELD said he was, no matter what he’d been accused of doing. Steve had watched him tip waitresses a thousand dollars, watched him go to orphanages and hold babies just for the sake of letting them feel loved. He was a good man when Steve had left him, and people didn’t change that quickly in a year. They couldn’t.
goddamn naïve about how you think the world works. This won’t just get magicked away. That boy could have brain damage.”
“Steve?” Tony asked softly, and Steve jumped a little, realising he’d been staring for a while. “What's up?”
“I think you’re a fucking asshole, yeah,” Bucky said, and something horrible clenched down over Tony’s heart until he added, “and it’s the only thing that kept me sane, some days. You never walked on eggshells ‘round me. You gave as good as you got, teased and made fun of me and brought me outta my own head. If you hadn’t treated me like I was any other human, I would never have actually believed I was.”
Except a hand suddenly swung up and rested on his chest gently, blocking his path. Tony followed it with his eyes until he rested on Steve’s face, shooting a questioning eyebrow raise his way.
“You have no idea,” Tony breathed against him, eyes shut- and Steve watched the way his shoulders were bunched up, tight with tension and heat, “
God, they were going to kill him. He had to build their missile or they were going to kill him, they were going to keep doing this and he couldn’t keep doing this-
“Okay okay, you win. Just keep moving, soldier.”
Steve was stood there in the alley, looking down at the blinking red dot beneath him. Tony was still talking through the speaker; mundane, rambling things, the way he always did when he was exhausted or nervous. Telling Steve the next time they woke up together it’d be better. That Tony would cook him breakfast and do everything in his power not to burn any of it. That he’d explain everything properly when they got home.
Bucky looked gobsmacked for another moment, before something clicked on his face and the expression turned to one of outright fury. “Where the
the evil robot. So this excursion hardly made any sense. Why would Tony even care that there was something tearing up a city when he was known to do the exact same thing?
“That is not a childish action, that’s just basic relationship requirements!”
And nice. Really, really fucking nice.
“That’s not how it works,” he told him, every line of his body gentle, soft, as if Steve was just another frightened civilian, “if you went back and changed it, the two timelines would collide with each other. They would not diverge like this,” Reed waved to the crude diagram, “they’d just—they’d crash into one another, and it would be because of you. If
“If you keep making friends with the popular kids, you’re gonna push us up the hierarchy without even meaning to, Rogers,” Clint kicked him again, and Steve jumped, swinging back around to level Clint with a glare.
“JARVIS,” he called, shoving Steve off him and then blasting a safe distance away, watching Steve pursue him like a predator would its pray. Tony mentally calculated the height of the roof, wondering whether Steve could jump up and grab him if he just flew to the top. Possibly. “What can we incapacitate him with?”
He was inordinately pleased about that.
“Um, excuse me?” Bruce said, just as Steve opened his mouth to object. “how come Steve gets away without diaper duty and not me?”
Steve nodded and squeezed his thigh again, and for the rest of the trip he made sure not to go over the limit. He was good at the little things like that.
“I…” Steve began, voice hoarse as he turned his hand over and clutched desperately to Bucky’s, “you…I’m sorry-”
But Tony’s hand snuck around his jaw, pressed into his face, directed his line of sight back to Tony. His face was serious, and his eyes looked down at Steve desperately. “That part of our life is over,” he declared with vigour, the words hissing around his teeth, “it is
stuck around with were either people we were dumb enough to trust or-“ Rhodey’s face turned sour, and the muscle in his jaw twitched a little.
“Home sweet home,” Tony declared, cutting the engine and sliding off. Immediately, his hands went out to Steve, “now, are you gonna fall on your ass again, or have you learnt how to dismount a bike properly?”
He blinked rapidly and looked down, blinking back the stinging tears. No, no, he was being irrational. He’d probably had that one coming. He knew if the situations were reversed- if he’d watched Steve flirt with someone in front of millions of people, he’d feel humiliated and angry too. And he and Steve... they weren’t like normal couples. Their relationship wasn’t normal. Tensions were always running higher, and Steve was just used to solving things with his hands. It wasn’t like Tony couldn’t handle it anyway. He was strong. He was a superhero.
“I thought that was just Natasha plotting his murder, to be fair,” Sam said, “she does that sometimes. We’ve all gotten used to it.”
When he felt Steve’s teeth scrape along his shoulder, run up his neck to clamp down in a bloodless bite right over his jugular, Tony came. He felt like Steve was going to laugh at him for that later, but he didn’t care just then. And neither did Steve, seemingly— he sped up, movements more erratic as he tried desperately to chase the feeling while continuing to suck a messy hickey into Tony’s skin, his hands roaming freely until they settled on Tony’s small waist, hitching him up without even thinking about it. Tony bit his lip, his arms wrapped around Steve’s neck, talking without knowing what he was even saying. He wanted to feel Steve come undone above him.
When Steve remained silent, Tony placed a hand on the back of his neck and smiled. “It’s okay. I’m here, baby. And I’ll stay as long as you want me. Just…let it go.”
She raised her eyebrows and then her hands followed in a show of surrender. “Alright, alright- my lips remain firmly shut.”
Tony wasted no time. He vaulted the table, scrambling for the closest sharp object he could find, which just so happened to be a screwdriver. “Steve, hold him down!” He yelled, jumping back over and then watching the other man roll back onto his feet and pin the LMD by its arms to the floor. The robot struggled and twitched violently as Tony got to his knees and leaned over the thing’s head.
They’d seen him and Tony together. Pretty much everyone had seen him and Tony together at some point. It had been a month, now, and Steve knew about the rumours that were flying through school about them both. Steve had come to find himself at the center of way more attention than he was used to- everyone was suddenly very interested in his life, his background, who he was. He’d heard one person talk about how he was actually even richer than Tony, and so they’d become friends in order to set up a huge business together that was going to take over the American economy. Others had been talking about his ‘mysterious background’ and the fact it meant he was probably part of a gang and actually caused more trouble than Tony did. Very few of them actually landed on the simpler explanation of ‘they’re dating’, which kind of pissed Steve off a little, he wasn’t going to lie.
“It was me,” he said, using his voice this time, just because sometimes holding conversation inside his brain just gave him headaches, “all this time. When we first talked after the battle of New York, and I saw Loki’s duplicate of me, he told me that Bucky was alive. It was the thing that—well, began our friendship, I guess. I’d always thought it was Loki.”
Tony always did so much for him. Steve just wanted to return the favour. “Come on,” he whispered encouragingly, squeezing Tony’s hip, “say yes. Let’s fuck off to Ohio for a bit, forget everything else.”
“Oh, shut up,” Steve shoved him sideways and then huffed irritably when Tony barely even flinched, “I am not adorable. I will kick your ass, alright? I will. I don’t care.”
Tony just looked at him blankly, and eventually Steve sighed in defeat. He keyed the ignition. “Fine. But you’re buying me one of those salted caramel ones while you’re in there.”
“What did he show you,” he eventually said, crossing his arms and standing up straighter.
Of course, though, Tony was nothing if not tenacious. Often to the point of intolerability, actually, as his father liked to point out. But either way—Tony had decided that he wasn’t going to give up. He could get his friends into the Halloween spirit, for sure. All he had to do was introduce them to the fun.
“Shut up,” Steve mumbled through the fabric, feeling Tony’s hands gently work the stupid stupid piece of stupid material off his head, “it’s just- you. You make my head get stuck in things.”
“We have to be up early tomorrow for the New York schools tour. How are you gonna cope with that on three hours of sleep?”
This was a man who
”  Fury reviewed, gesturing skeptically across the Avengers conference table with the end of his cigar.
Steve waited.
“Come again?”  Jerome replied, now
“Okay, thanks.  Nice to finally meet you, Tony.”
“I didn’t bet,” Misty replied frankly, “-but Colleen won a hundred and fifty bucks.”
-Thwip!-
Wait… WHAT?  Why were they talking about his-?
this?
Peter caught it, passed it from hand to hand for a moment, and dove into one of the kitchen cabinets for a jar of peanut butter.  He slathered one entire side of the large pancake in the crunchy brown paste, rolled it up like a tortilla, and ate half in two bites.
“Yeah, a black helmet with a visor that hides his face, and leathers like wunna them street-racin’ biker punks,” Paulie elaborated.
“Oh.  Yeah, I, uh… I’m fine…”
War Machine did seem dazed for a second after that one, but Tony guessed that this was the pilot inside, not the armor itself.  It was the plans for the Mark II that had been stolen from him, and though Morgan’s engineers had clearly made some upgrades since, if they hadn’t found a way to lick the insulation problem, he could rattle this guy like a rat in a tin can… the analogy pleased him.
Steve awakened to the sound of metal pans being moved.
“Are- -you okay?”  Harry asked, hand on the brick wall beside him.
had no idea that Tony was anything other than an unusually gifted inventor and Iron Man’s one-man pit crew…
“AH!  THERE-FUCK-FUCKFUCKFUCK-YES-GOD-DAMN-YESS-”
Steve replied in his earpiece.
Inside, the garage floor was covered with bright metal shavings, and a series of what looked like replacement slats for the damaged garage door lay half-finished on a folding table to Steve’s right.  Tony tugged off his gloves, and pushed his safety goggles up.
“Where?”  Tony asked.
The Iron Horse Garage, 2:40 PM.
“A little after two,” Peter replied, letting out the breath he’d taken.
that it would kill-”
“Honey, if I had, how would I know?  The man has a secret identity, same as most of the capes in this city…”
As things stood…
The bird of prey perched on his muscular shoulder fixed it’s small, sharp eyes on the man it’s human partner didn’t like, and hunched its wings out at the stranger pointedly.
than that of his sword, or the sword would wield -him-.
.  Most civilians don’t have access to things like that in the first place, let alone the knowledge of how and why to use them on a building that was seventy-five percent concrete and steel.  That tells us we’re dealing with a professional, or a scientist.  The Green Goblin also still
The faint rushing noise grew louder, and over the last few chords of the song, a sudden primal roar went up from the crowd.  Matt swallowed.  The DJ swore on-air.
“They’ll
it, and oh,
He tapped the base of her wrist judiciously with the butt of the screwdriver, and dropped the screw that fell out into a small plastic bowl on the table in front of him.  Tony bent her wrist forwards ninety degrees, and undid a second, somewhat heavier screw now exposed along the back of her wrist.
A project he… …might be able to repair, but which he’d much rather destroy.
Tony was still smiling sleepily, and watching him from between not-quite-closed dark eyelashes.
Steve sighed again, and reached for his pants.
“How long has it been since Harry was exposed to the Green Goblin’s formula?”  Hank clarified, looking over at him.
“Hey-!”  Steve glared, surprised.
Steve came back in from setting the table, paused, went back out and tweaked a few things, then put on a jazz record, and stared out the high windows at the darkly overcast sky for a while, arms folded across his chest.
“You have a rat problem,” Tony interrupted him, pointing down at the glider significantly.
Downtown NYC, 4:40 PM.
Tony sighed,
“Nobody said being your bodyguard was going to be easy,” Steve smirked.
“I- want to try something,” Steve swallowed, eyes still shut.
“Just the ones you already know about.  Oh, and a museum, if you haven’t talked to Wanda and Pietro yet.  That was taking place across town while we were busy with the disco fire.”
“-You okay?”  Tony asked, hand on Steve’s shoulder.
“…I know,” Tony admitted, with a sigh.
“-But if heroes today can represent all the things Hitler hated most, I think I can live with it.”  Steve asserted.
“Can you never, ever smile up at me like that again, and we just, ah, forget this conversation ever happened?”  Peter asked, hopefully.
That was when it became real.
Tony smiled sleepily.
He couldn’t process that just yet.
“Look man, Tony’s my
“Not very well,” Tony admitted.
Tony dropped his helmet onto the floor with a spinning crash and shoved the couch out of the way a little too hard, adding yet another rip to the green leather as it struck the corner of a bench-vice against the opposite wall.  His fingers fumbled with the catch of his red breastplate, and he swore, putting one armored hand against the wall as his vision tunneled momentarily.
“Well… when the Green Goblin was arrested yesterday, my dad found out that the Goblin had been using his technology to do all those horrible things, and he… kind of had a nervous breakdown at work.”
, and…  You
Steve froze with his key almost to the lock of his door, listening.
‘Lynden Johnson Told the Nation’ played through, and Steve listened with mounting consternation.
“It’s cool, don’t worry about it,” Peter assured him.
Steve watched as Harry was dragged into the huddle and introduced as well, as Peter’s best friend.  Harry’s good manners were automatic, the trained, insincere camaraderie of New York high society, overlaying a very young and nervous eagerness to please.  Jarvis handled the young man with both care and skill.  -But then, if War Machine had dropped him the first time, Harry wouldn’t have been there at all…
“Screw YOU, man!  What if that fire had spread, huh?”  Paulie shot back.
“I think you should sober up first,” Steve decided, and gave him a frustratingly chaste kiss.
It was as good an answer as any of the rest he had gotten lately…
“I’m doing my best, Spider,” Tony assured him, slightly touched but mostly just annoyed by the remark.
Hunting and being hunted, pursuing and controlling the chase with contemptuous ease, the Goblin kept -just- out of range, intent on taking the Midnight Racer apart, slice by slice…
Steve had to smile, at that.
“Who else, what are the teams?”  Tony asked, looking for a dishtowel.
“I told you, I’m not
“War Machine is out of your league, Whit.  Stop asking me that,” Tony said, annoyed.
“…I was at MIT,” Tony replied carefully, “-I dropped out to manage S-the family business.”
Steve relaxed, unlocked the door, and went in.
Power Man and Iron Fist arrived at a dead run.
“Mm,” Tony nodded again, wryly.
“I’m worried about Harry,”  Steve admitted,  “-Hank says there’s probably no way to reverse what he did to himself with the Green Goblin’s serum… not now that it’s- -precipitated, I think is the word.  The chemicals are spent, but they’ve already changed the way his body works.  Forever.”
Tony knelt by the foot of the bed, and put his arms around where he judged Steve’s head and shoulders to be.  Steve’s scale-mail armor clinked a little under his hands.
“I’m going to be out of the shop most of the day,” Steve added, reaching for his coffee cup.
“Nope.  …Try again.”
“I know.”  Steve put a red-gloved hand on the fireman’s shoulder.
Then she had needed an ‘and guest’ for some high society function, and asked Tony if he felt like causing a scandal for old times’ sake…
Inside the mall/Steve’s loft, 1:45 PM (same day).
, a couple of
“I’ll take care of it,” Tony promised, adjusting the shoulder-strap of the hockey bag momentarily.
He hit ‘I-PLAY’, and stepped back.
“-Yeah…”
…” his fingers flexed against the material of Steve’s lapel.
Cut to a young woman in a knitted green hat.
the heckler yelled back, angrily.
Harry and MJ ducked into an alley to catch their breath, still shaken.
“-Either way, the Avengers already voted to help out no matter what Colonel Fury says.  Whoever was behind Centralia was counting on the confusion of the crisis in New York to cover it, and now that-”
“Maybe, but you just got upgraded to breakfast in bed,” Tony pointed out, picking up his red bathrobe.
Time narrowed to ‘not now’, but not forever.
“Thank you,” Tony said, and meant it.
Tony glanced at the weight rating sticker on the platform’s frame, then touched down beside him.
“Sir, may I speak with you in private?”  Steve asked, as professionally as he could.
Tony listened, surprised.  He’d been adding records to the three that had survived the fire here and there, but this was one Misty had brought over earlier on Danny’s behalf.
?         School’s Out                      Alice Cooper
Tony smiled at him.
“-You’re not askin’ for a nuke, are ya?”  Fury asked, dubiously.
“You were following the Racer to get to Norman, weren’t you,” Tony stated.
It was a moment, one of hundreds Tony had seen through iron eyeslits over the years.  They were there- -and gone- -and if he could remember them at the right times later, it was moments like that that kept him from going mad.
“So, Steve, um… what are we doing tonight?”
They got Peter into the bathtub and turned barely lukewarm water onto him, half-frozen costume and all.  Peter bent his head under the spray of the shower and hugged his knees, thawing slowly.  After a while he peeled off his mask, took a deep breath, and rubbed his face in his hands.  Tony turned the water temperature up a few degrees and waited, watching him attentively.  There was a fleck of frostbite on the end of the young man’s nose, and two small dots high on his right cheek, but nothing serious.
“Tony, how are you?”
“BULLSHIT!  You just burned down my HOUSE!”  Tony snarled, throwing the gun aside and charging his right hand repulsor in front of War Machine’s faceplate, “-and MORGAN doesn’t have the BALLS!  Now- -WHO?”
“Will that be all?”
Pause.
Steve paused, glancing over at Tony’s face just
Pause.
They shook hands, Tony’s work-roughened one to Leonard’s ragged brown glove.  Then they let go.
Steve looked a little wistful, but didn’t ask.
He saw smoke in the garment district, and the soggy, charred backdrop of a museum lobby… though that
“This can’t go on,” he stated, flatly.
The Green Goblin hung insensible in the grip of Tony’s gauntlet, and after a long moment, Tony realized that the man wasn’t faking.
He hit the round red button on top of the black box with his palm- -it was designed to take such abuse- -and shut his eyes, swallowing.
“Shut your %*&*! mouth, Paulie.  We don’t owe this guy -nothin’-,” the forklift driver snapped.
“I’m not after anyone’s queen,” Tony promised, meeting Hank’s gaze levelly.
?”  Tony demanded, setting his coffee cup down and coming closer.
Tony became aware of the fact that he’d leaned his ass back against Steve’s hands at some point, and that Steve was holding him from falling further backwards without apparent effort.
“Would you like some ice cream?”  Peter suggested, innocently.
Peter opened the door, and stopped short.
A shot of himself as Spider-Man, swinging off one of the steel supports that now formed a hard, complex latticework between the buildings of Wall Street.  Two police cars and a dump-truck hauling rubble drove on the cleared street below him, and an American flag had been hung from one of the beams that ran across horizontally.  …Someone had even found the time to spray paint
He hated wondering about things like that.
“I mean seriously… what does you building a new suit of
Then again… after a day like the one they’d had yesterday,
“Harry wasn’t given the Goblin serum either,” Tony argued, “-he
Tony glanced over at the door quickly, then back at the small TV at his elbow, split between four grainy black and white security camera images.
“Who, Wanda?”
“Goodnight, Harry.”
“No, War Machine.  Are you still flight-capable?”  Steve asked, looking up at his huge, heavily-armored teammate with no fear whatsoever.
“What was the first one about?”  Steve asked.
-stopped, stunned, and let go.
“…Not really,” Steve admitted, uneasily.
Tony reached over left-handed, unfolded Peter’s little finger into a full salute with an affectionately muttered,
“You’re just saying that because the North Vietnamese never actually invaded US soil,” Tony accused, without rancor.
The man in the box regarded him for a long, silent moment.  Then he grinned, opening both eyes and arching his shaggy eyebrows.
…Yeah, if you go back to being the head of the
“You were waiting for the part about couples racing naked on the beach?”  Steve asked.
“Um… hi.  -I could go,” Peter reflected, conversationally.
“I- wait, I haven’t even introduced you- -Jarvis, this is Steve Rogers, Steve, this is Edwin Jarvis, the last man in the world you should make an enemy of.”
“-Was there a battle?”  Steve asked, quickly.
“That’s s-SO not funny…”  Peter muttered
“Yes,” Steve put a hand on the hard red curve of Tony’s shoulder-armor, “-there were witnesses.”
“Do you think Mr. Osborne would-?”
“What for?”  Steve asked.
The man repeated, smirking,
“Uh-huh,” Steve replied, still studying the other titles.
“I don’t know where he hangs out man, that guy’s a freak!”  The thug who’d surrendered first yelped quickly, “-he keeps to himself, and who tha hell wants him, yanno?”
“Okay?”  Tony asked.
to get off…”
Tony’s mind disappeared in a sheet of white flame as the high-voltage charge hit him, and he screamed.
He re-packed the lower half of the jukebox with quick efficiency, then stood up, helmet in hand.
“What’s the matter?  I thought you said Elektra was hot…”  Tony teased.
“FOOL!  Did you
Steve let him go, and Tony spread himself back over the hard, smooth curve of the shield.  There were slight breaks in texture between the different colors of the shield’s stars-and-stripes design, but the skin on his back wouldn’t be sensitive enough to- -oh goddamn, he
“I- -set up a few things…”  Tony shrugged vaguely, “-just… damn it’s good to see you.”
Tony came over, unsnapping his field jacket.
…Sweet Jesus.
Steve’s loft, 5:01 PM (same day).
“You’ll see,” Tony promised.
“Uh… yes.  But they would
“What would you have done?”  War Machine challenged, carefully.
He appropriated Tony’s (his) battered desk instead, and went over this week’s accounts.
“…You have to know where it’s been.  You have to understand that it’s saved my life.  You have to know that men have
“The Red Skull was left sealed in a high-pressure barometric chamber, sir,”  Steve translated,  “-if he’d managed to get it open from the inside, the pressure change- -well, he wouldn’t have survived.  The garage was broken into before the police arrived though, so we think the Red Skull had an accomplice who came back for him just after Spider-man and Tony left…”
“Colonel Fury can be a very… difficult man sometimes,” Steve sighed.
Steve’s blue eyes weren’t quite focused yet, but there was something
Steve felt around carefully under the tank where Tony was pointing, then nodded silently.
“But- -That doesn’t make any sense-!” he protested, when it was over.
Tony came fully awake suddenly, eyes open.
“Harry?
Tony’s kitchen, 06:40 AM (same day).
“Thanks, Pete-” Harry paused, then looked over at Tony.  “-Hey, can you guys see if you can find my car?  It’s parked not far from where I was.”
Tony lay on his right side and stomach feeling warm and sleepy, right forearm tucked under his chin while his left hand played.
“I, uh…” (ahem) “-pardon me.”
Near the Iron Horse Garage, 12:07 AM (same night).
this because nobody was-
“Fury also radioed in to tell to tell you ‘kiss the little mechanic for me’.  …Any idea what he meant by that?”  Warbird asked, archly.
Steve lay awake in the darkness, his thoughts drifting.
looking like he can’t control his own weapons…”
“Good morning,” said Steve, smiling.
“Good,” Tony smiled, “-because from what I hear, that stuff is a
“You’re right, that’s a problem,” Tony agreed.
“It looks like you and Steve are really getting this place sorted out,” she observed.
, and gave him an inquiring look.
want this war to end?”  He asked.
Leonard’s open eye narrowed thoughtfully.
“You’re… good at keeping secrets, right?”
The heavy, silver-gray armor was bigger than Tony’s, slower.  At eight and a half feet tall though, the War Machine was by far the smallest and best designed of the ‘knockoff’ suits.  Tony wasn’t sure -what- its power source was yet, but he was
“Oh.  Well, that would be all right,” Steve agreed, with a relieved smile.  He patted Tony’s hip one-handed.  “-Scoot.”
“Where do I start?”
“-You planned this,” Steve realized.
Suddenly aware that he was openly
“Yeah…”  Steve nodded, wryly.
“You have- -hah- -this is open…”  Tony grinned.
“Yinsen.”
Steve moved closer so the current cord would reach, and Tony re-settled himself with a quiet sigh.  Steve pressed a kiss to his temple, then lay back against Tony’s pillow and shut his eyes.
, that thing had sucked power.  -He’d spent as much time skating as he had flying.
Tony’s apartment above the Iron Horse Garage, 6:46 AM.
“-Can you be blown around by the wind?”  Tony asked, turning back to Jerome for a moment.
“-Yes,” MJ nodded.  “Harry- -
“-Oh…!”
Tony asked.
Good, but… no.
A motorcycle roared to life outside, and faded away into the flow of early morning traffic.  The garage door rattled down, and Tony came back upstairs.  He dropped into his chair at the kitchen table, finished the dregs of his coffee, and sighed distractedly.
Had he been chasing the Green Goblin at all?
He walked up to the neon glow of the red and yellow jukebox against the back wall in just his boxers, and pressed ‘F-11-PLAY’ on the selector keypad.
week,” Tony said loudly, “-I told you last Tuesday I couldn’t fit you in before the- -hangonnasecond…”  Tony covered the mouthpiece of the receiver with one hand, and glared at the covey of teenagers clustered around the jukebox.  “OFF,” he ordered, pointedly.
-When his headache had begun to fade he wasn’t sure, but it was almost gone now.
“Mmm.  Must have slipped my mind,” Tony reflected, and bent down to give Steve a good-morning kiss.
“Okay, I’ll ask it,”  Peter said, eyeing the string of red plastic disks that hung suspended from the garage ceiling like a bizarre clothesline, “-what’s with all the hole-punched Frisbees?”
“It closes doors, Peter.  The more unusual an occupation is, or the more rules of society you have to break to get into it in the first place, the better the chances are that you had to look at what you -really- wanted instead of just copying everyone else.  And costumed heroes… you follow me?”
“I’m… just glad to be home,” Steve swallowed.
And if course, he saw from the red monitor light, it was.
Tony blinked, and jerked awake a hundred feet lower than he’d been a moment ago, adrenaline flooding his system.  He opened the valve on his oxygen system a little wider, and took deep breaths.
Shake dreams from your hair
“Okay…”  Tony did it.
“So,” he said, picking up Tony’s right hand and looking at the ring, “-that is yours.”
“Where did you sleep last night?”  Hank asked, disgustedly.
Tony turned up the collar of the army field jacket he’d gotten that morning, and crossed the street.  The name tapes on the jacket had said ‘Kroger’ before he’d removed them, carefully cutting each olive-colored stitch with the tip of an Xacto knife.
They all looked unspeakably young, Tony thought.  He -saw- kids of this age, saw them daily in and around the village, and dotting the sidewalks and public parks when he was out flying… but it was different seeing them all
“…Why do you like it like that?”  Steve whispered, after a while.
Steve opened his mouth to say that it didn’t matter, and couldn’t do it.
“Check, please…”  Peter said in a small voice, sticking to the half-broken closet door as he had impacted against it, diagonally and upside down.
“Because of the super soldier serum?”  Tony guessed, fascinated.
The Red Skull was frozen, face contorted in rage, arm still outstretched from his throw.
Goddamn sun, and dawn’s early light in general.
There was always an open space in front of the jukebox Steve noticed, no matter how many motorcycles the garage held.  He knew
Had it burned before the upper wall caved in, or after?
Pause.
War Machine replaced his helmet with a noise like the bolt of a rifle being drawn back, and a magnetic-sounding ‘chunkt’.
The kiss finally broke, and Tony breathed, eyes shut.
The web, weakened by its passage through the drywall and the slipperiness of the cube itself,
“I guess I’ll just have to take your word for it, then.”
D-1      Lynden Johnson Told the Nation    Tom Paxton
The fingers of Steve’s other hand shifted, the first two curling a little.
He was also perfectly willing to inject his girlfriend’s back and forehead with untested biochemically reactive cells from an entirely different
“Yeah, I think that should do it,” he said, “-just go easy until you finish breaking it in.”
“That was recent, wasn’t it?”  Steve guessed when the song finished.
There was a handwritten sign taped to the freezer door.
“You’re welcome, Tony,” Steve replied, with a tired smile.
“Listen, this road trip… you wouldn’t be planning to start it tomorrow morning, would you?”  Tony asked.
Peter demanded, with a noise in the background that sounded like wind.
Wanda Maximoff… just her profile and the edge of a fire escape railing in the background, as the late afternoon sun painted her in all the colors of warmth.
“Until recently,” Steve observed.
the window-washer breathed, sliding down with his back against the window glass, as far from the edge of the platform as he could get.
“-I don’ feel cold,” Tony noted, snuggling against the front of Steve’s coat.
At Steve’s side, Thor moved with an air of quiet competence, as befitted a slayer of giants.  In the stories often he’d told, there had been other fumes, other mists…
“No kidding?  Last time I saw it, it was-” another man began.
“S- shit…”  Tony shuddered, more from fear than pain this time.
“Best of luck, Pete.”
A huge mob of dead lava-men in an intersection near the theater district, still coated and anonomized by the glistening coat of unnatural ice that had frozen them in mid-charge.
Tony completed the loop at barely three hundred miles per hour, and did a barrel-roll over the Village just because he could.
Janet was out of her goddamn
“I should have hauled him in days ago,” Tony sighed, running a hand back through his helmet-mussed hair.
Hank Pym was a scientist.  He didn’t -need- to work out every morning.  From what Steve had gathered, Hank had been casual about PT even as Ant-Man.
“…Understood,” War Machine nodded once.
just made you breakfast?”
-hot… that had to be the magnesium alloy wheels stored in the broom closet upstairs, Tony thought, detaching Peter into a side-street two blocks out.  Peter cut his momentum by webbing off a lamppost, and vanished into shadow.  Then he was just a silent red dot, shifting up and down Tony’s right-side tracking indicator lights as he swung between buildings.
“I have my ways,” Tony shrugged.
Tony’s eyes flicked to the Red Skull, who was instantly encased in something like a giant iron coffin.
“Yeah, he was,” Tony nodded fondly, “-Professor Yinsen.  I’d actually read some of his papers, from before the war-” he began, flipping the pancake with a spatula.
One of Steve’s hands closed over the warm disk of the arc, and his fingers brushed the slightly uneven skin around its base.  Tony squirmed a little and caught his breath, breaking the kiss.
“But Luke was there when I signed the lease,” Steve frowned, “-I would have said he looked
Lt. Grady snapped.
Tony took the ensuing silence for the blessing it was, and ignored him.
“Those,” Cap pointed to two loose ends of heavy cable ripped out of the gray metal box on a nearby railway signal light post.
“-Why don’t you start at the beginning, Peter,” Steve suggested calmly.
“I love this city,” Tony decided, grinning.
“Nope,” Tony swung his legs over the edge of the bed, and ran a hand through his hair.
“Come on, babe.  …I just want to see for myself that you’re really okay,” Tony explained, “…you’d do the same for me, wouldn’t you?”
Ben gave Peter a look that Peter didn’t understand at once.
“What?”
“…Okay,” Tony nodded once thoughtfully, and put his hand on Peter’s shoulder.
“Come take a shower with me?”  Steve asked, abandoning both logic and subtlety.
Centralia, Pennsylvania had become a gaping hole into hell.
“I want to…”  Steve began, and though he managed a wild glance up at Tony’s face for a moment, the rest of that sentence wouldn’t come.
Steve ordered.
Outside the mall, 1:35 PM (same day).
It was his signet ring, the one he’d inherited from his father.  Gold with a dark red stone, and the capitol letter ‘S’.
for it, webbing the Red Skull’s right elbow and yanking it forwards, while throwing out another line for the cube itself.
It had been
“S’up, Spider,” Luke grunted.
The fire could be seen for miles.  It wasn’t big, but -damn- it was bright, cooking off white-hot in the center of a block the first explosion had plunged into darkness.
“What can I do then?”  Peter protested, “-I can’t fly…”
Steve glanced up dubiously.  Tony kissed him.
“Ohmygod don’t finish that thought,” Peter pleaded.
“-You’re braver than I thought,” he realized, aloud.
Tony took another pull on his beer.
“…I don’t know yet,” Steve admitted, and some of the tension seemed to lift from around his eyes.
-!”  Peter began angrily, as the first three names matched.
he thought darkly.
"Excellent," Doom said, and snickered in his low, sinister way. "Thor will be MINE!"
Glancing back at the kids, Peter opened his mouth to just agree distractedly, but then the words sank in. Eight beds, and how many Avengers? Thor, Jan, Hank, T'challa, Clint, Dr. Banner, Tony, Steve...
"I'm not this kind of doctor, you know. I'm actually a physicist."
Thor tilted his head, looking the Jotun over. Loki’s dark hair was absolutely soaked with the rain, and he was still dressed in earth clothing—a stylish polo shirt and expensive-looking pants that reminded Steve of something Tony would wear. His boat shoes were a strange reminder of the 1940s, too.
Pepper stepped out of the cell like getting close to Doom was dangerous; Tony put an arm around her and an arm around Clint—which probably felt pretty cold to the shirtless archer at the moment.
“Has it really been that long?” He frowned and glanced back at the shore. “Good thing Hawkeye’s along, or I’d really be worried what Peter was up to with that Wade guy. At least they can’t do anything too wild and kinky with a chaperone along.” Jeez, the word ‘kinky’ didn’t belong anywhere near Peter. The kid was 17 years old, and Hawkeye was babysitting. Tired and grumpy as Clint was today (and Tony could really relate to that), armed with the knowledge that his arrows couldn’t actually kill Deadpool? Yeah, Wade was getting shot if he tried anything.
