And Dean's head filled with tar, and he was drowning in it. "What the hell, Sam?"
“I dunno, Sammy,” Dean mumbled, shy after being caught off-guard with a question he couldn’t answer. “Maybe like a baby.”
to know him. The presumptuousness made him scowl.
Cas lifted his head. His blue eyes were red-rimmed, eyelashes all clumped, and his face was all red from crying. “Who are you?” he demanded, his voice shaky but firm.
Sam stayed quiet, but in that loud way where Dean could tell that thoughts were churning in that whip-smart brain of his faster than he could verbalize. Sam was really smart. He could probably get into university. Dean was lucky if he could make it to a GED.
“Did you mean to do what you did last night?”
“But it’s yours,” Dean said weakly.
as he remembered the night before.
“It’s not—”
The baby bird
and stood in silence watching the neon-lit numbers slowly tick downwards.
“I’m…” Dean looked down at himself as if he didn’t know what he was wearing. “Oh. This is yours?”
“How is it? What did he say? What did he do?” Dean grabbed Castiel’s hands in both of his and forced them still, pressed them against their chests like a knot.
Castiel breathed carefully, and then opened his eyes. He stared at the flowers in the bushes—tons. More than the last time. Almost exponentially. He didn’t think it would be this bad; didn’t know it could get this bad.
Castiel’s face hardened and grew cold.
From down the hall, the faintest echo of voices and footsteps. Metal against metal; guards.
“Hey,” Dean said, composure slightly regained. “Gotta make up for the practice somehow, right?”
“But you had it,” Castiel said, because he knows this. Because his mother had spoken of it at the dinner table before kissing Castiel’s father with a laugh on her lips.
“You can call me Dean,” Dean said, smiling so wide his cheeks hurt, and she called him
"Okay," Dean said, pressing a hand to his chest to stop the frantic, deathly pound. "Okay. Good. That's—good. I mean, that's obviously not good, but. Shit. You know what I mean."
“An idiot with faster reflexes than you,” Dean said, and winked before he could stop himself because he really was, truly, an idiot. “By the way, no punchbacks.”
“Yes, it is,” Dean said, oddly insistent. “You’re my—my—”
“It’s a book about astrophysics,” Castiel finally said.
Cas sat up. Dean stayed kneeling, so that he was eye-level with his stomach—could see the faint up-and-down movements as Cas breathed. "You're drunk," Cas stated.
“It is,” Castiel insisted. His hands, so warm, running up and down Dean’s back. “Don’t you see? We can start again. Do it right this time. Trust our feelings, not the flowers.”
"I know."
“I know,” Dean muttered. “But—I talked to Bobby, and—”
“You’re lying. Please, just tell me the fucking truth—tell me if you’ve been lying to me this whole time, Cas—please, I—”
I know, Castiel wanted to say. I know you care about me. I know you want me to be safe. I know you love me. I know you don’t love me back.
The man turned to peer at Castiel over his shoulder, and again was that infuriating smile. “I could have let you fall,” he said. “I didn’t, though.”
(Of course not like
“Good luck with that,” Dean said, because he could sooner say a word that didn’t exist than remove a colour from another.
“Like the sunset,” Dean supplied.
“I guess people like to believe they’re being introspective themselves,” Dean mused, and Castiel laughed.
sign Castiel insisted on placing across the license plate on the trunk would probably discourage any cops. Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s hand the whole time, one hand on the steering wheel; he can feel the grooves of their rings digging into his fingers the harder he squeezes.
The idea suddenly sprang into his head, fully-formed, and before Dean knew it he was loping into the living room, saying, “Hey, Cas,” and Castiel was looking up from the couch where he was reading a book. “You know that flower journal thing you showed me once?”
There’s flecks of glitter in Castiel’s hair. Dean kisses him back, right on his temple. “Love you,” he whispers again, so softly there’s barely any air. Just because he can.
“Meg. I don’t—thank you,” he said, almost angry that it wasn’t enough, all the implications brewing inside him and close to bursting.
“Why flowers?” Sam queried. “And how do they grow inside you? Like a baby?”
“I think you love the old me,” Castiel said, and his voice was suddenly weak.
Castiel chuckled. “Well, for starters, the obvious: that he once scaled the highest tower in the castle and refused to come down until they let him have dessert for breakfast.”
“I have a better idea,” Castiel said.
A shrug. “I can just wait for it to stop.”
“Dean?” he piped up ten minutes later, when their pyjamas were on and they were settling into their respective beds on opposite sides of the room.
Like the way Dean liked how Castiel looked in his dark-green jacket, all wrapped up and cozy. Like the way Dean would try harder than anything he'd tried for in his life, not his SATs or his Chemistry midterm, to make Castiel laugh in that uncontrollable, wild way of his—snorting in a way that would make him blush afterwards with embarrassment, but Dean loved it. Loved it.
Thirty minutes later, when Dean wandered over to peer over his shoulder, all the tabs had been deleted and Castiel was typing up his essay for Literature.
—and nearly fell over trying to get the coat off of him. “Yeah, of course, sorry, I forgot I was even wearing it.”
Dean stood on his tiptoes and leaned over to stare at his baby brother. “Hi, Sammy,” he whispered.
people touching him. He didn’t even let Miss Penny touch him, always tying his shoelaces by himself, even if it took him a long time and half a dozen tries. Dean wrapped his arms around himself instead, drawing his knees close to his chest and frowning at Cas.
“You’ve been keeping track,” Castiel muttered.
Castiel nodded, and Dean felt his heart give a wrench and spit out a floral-flavoured cough.
In the end, it was a girl. They didn’t even know her—Castiel saw her face as vaguely familiar, maybe from the coffee shop or the library or somewhere else in the campus. They were walking to their shared Economics class together when she had run up to the two of them, breathless and pink-cheeked.
at him, tilting his head back, running his thumb along his jaw, his fluttering pulse.
Cas stretches as much as Dean’s weight on top of him allows, holding Dean even tighter against him. “Good morning,” he says, voice muzzy from sleep and deeper than should be legal.
“I understand if you don’t see it,” Cas adds, after a moment. “But you are, to me.”
and he thinks he gets it now, that Dean will use his words bluntly, that when things hit too close to home he’ll harbor his own shame and then turn it around on nearest target when he can’t deal with it anymore. But that shame is dissipating fast, and Castiel sees the genuine excitement in Dean’s eyes, not completely veiled by his flippancy. Castiel feels it too, the anticipation of
Dean used to feel uncomfortable when Cas scrutinized him like that. It was always just… too much. It still is, actually, just in a very different way. “Cool,” Dean says, starting to back towards the bathroom. “Thanks, dude.” He’s well aware of how unnatural he sounds, but it’s too late to do anything about it now.
Cas hums in acknowledgment, leans up for another brief kiss. “Is there?” he asks, as patient as ever, looking at Dean intently, running a hand up and down his spine.
They often make almost a game of it, playing around like it’s their little inside joke—exchanging knowing looks when someone makes eyes at Dean, both of them thinking about what’s gonna happen the second they find themselves alone. Cas clearly doesn’t seem to mind having the excuse to stake his claim on Dean. He’s almost brazenly self-indulgent about it, a sparkle in his eye when someone makes a pass at Dean that says he can’t wait to get Dean into bed and remind him how good he’s got it – or, depending on the urgency of the situation, sneak into the nearest spot that’s even remotely secluded to make out and then some. The car’s backseat has definitely been seeing a lot of action lately, and Dean’s lost count of how many times they’ve been on the job and needed to drop everything for an ‘emergency’ trip back to their motel room.
Dean doesn’t quite know what to say to that and simply snorts in response, just grateful that he and Cas seem to be on the same page. He has the urge to squirm under Cas’s stare again, weirdly nervous all of a sudden.
As he waits, Castiel is awed anew by the idea of what they’re doing. It shouldn’t even be possible for Dean to take him like this, and it’s incredible that Dean would even want to try, would want to do it
with Dean. Castiel’s not ashamed or embarrassed of these feelings, not exactly, but he’s beginning to understand why humans are guarded about such strong emotions, why they hold things back out of sheer doubtfulness, content to suffer on the precipice of a risk, of change. There are some things that one can’t come back from. There is some fear, perhaps – appropriate, Castiel thinks, for this situation – but the urgency, the
outpouring of emotions for a change, and he can’t find it in him to be ashamed of that.
“Douglas fir.”
He’s almost taken aback by Dean’s reaction – the palpable excitement, and what is perhaps a sense of relief that he’s being offered something he secretly craves, something he might have a hard time asking for.
Dean sighs heavily as he slings his duffel bag into the trunk. He knew they couldn’t stay forever, but there’d still been that part of him that was willing to try, that honestly entertained the idea of just leaving everything else behind and permanently living in the woods with Cas.
“You love this,” Cas rumbles, pausing to stroke the sore skin of Dean’s ass again. His dirty talk is always just a bit offbeat – the words are more or less the same but without the typical corny sleaze, colored with an odd sort of sincerity and reverence. “I can feel how hard you are.”
“Like that?” Cas asks, fingers delicately tracing the back of Dean’s neck, and Dean can tell he’s legitimately seeking confirmation, making sure he’s giving Dean what he wants.
He shakily returns Cas’s smile and takes his proffered hand, letting himself be led to the bathroom. His heart is thundering in his chest by the time the door closes behind them, Cas kissing him brief and chaste before reaching past the shower curtain to turn the water on.
,” Cas replies, voice dangerous.
, for god’s sake, but wanting what he had in that last dream is what feels like a violation, like too much to ask.
But just this is intoxicating,
a long time ago, and that woman at the check-in desk undoubtedly fit the description. Then again, so does Castiel.
Dean tries to ignore it, and Cas doesn’t acknowledge it out loud, but he takes hold of Dean’s hand the second they climb into the car, away from onlookers, and broodingly stares out the window. He doesn’t let go the entire ride home.
Cas just sighs, eyes rolling towards the ceiling. “Well, smiting them isn’t an option, unfortunately.”
Cas eyes him for a moment, a faint smile on his face that could pass for a smirk. “Noted,” he says, setting off up the path while Dean hastens after him.
The second Dean hears his voice, he remembers the way they’d
It’s pathetic, mooning over Cas the way he is, clinging to fantasies because he knows that’s the best he can hope for.
But the part of him that dares to hope recognizes the promise Cas is making to him. Being with Dean doesn’t have to mean that Cas gives up his freedom, or that Dean has to feel abandoned, as long as Dean trusts Cas enough to believe he’ll return. Cas has earned that trust by now.
He and Cas are finally stopping for the night after a long, rainy drive and Cas is restless at his elbow when they step into the office to book a room, no doubt just as anxious to crash until morning as Dean is. Dean’s strongly considering indulging Cas in his habit of excessive sleeping in, even if they are trying to get home sooner rather than later. Dean finds himself less inclined to leap out of bed at the crack of dawn when he wakes up next to Cas anyway.
, he’s starting to lose steam here.
Dean chases him when he withdraws this time, evidently not through. His hands are fisted in Castiel’s collar and he pulls him close, right back where he was, where he
Charlie’s often right about things, more often than Dean cares to admit, actually, and this time is no exception. But he’s not just gonna come out and say it like that, especially after giving her such a hard time. He shrugs, frowning. “I guess.”
Castiel is so aware of what he’s being let in on, being invited into the sanctity of Dean’s room like this, so aware of Dean’s presence beside him in a close, private space.
He turns Dean around and slots in behind him, one arm wrapped tightly around Dean, the other manifesting his blade, ready to fight. There’s a blistering heat where Cas’s hand rests against Dean’s arm, cradling Dean to his chest, but it’s not painful. Cas is nothing but warmth and light, more intense, more beautiful than anything Dean has ever experienced.
things with him, thinks about their future.
, might be different than what he likes people to think.
“I know,” Dean admits sheepishly. “Just seemed easier.” The more accurate explanation is that he just didn’t know how to do it. He’s usually good at this kinda stuff—though that’s the problem, isn’t it, because this thing with Cas isn’t anywhere close to
Dean startles as Cas suddenly appears behind him while he’s perusing the breakfast foods. Dean had lost track of Cas when he’d wandered off somewhere near the packaged cookies two aisles ago, and now he’s back just in time to police Dean’s shopping.
“Like what?”
“Yeah, yeah,
He goes all gooey inside when Cas chuckles behind him, a low rumble that Dean can feel vibrate through him. “No,” he says, smile in his voice. “You’re not.”
“What do you want, Dean?” Cas asks, not trying to tease, just warm and encouraging.
Dean turns with him, twisting around as much as he can manage, enough to rest a hand on one of Cas’s wonderfully solid thighs and nuzzle against Cas’s cheek, murmuring into the scant space between them. “Where’re you going?”
There’s something in Dean’s eyes too, Castiel’s sure of it, the same yearning, the same hesitation. Castiel steps forward, sways in close, much closer than he usually gets before Dean starts making noise about
“I couldn’t decide,” Dean admits with a grin, producing a second mug from the bag. “So I got two.”
“I could always fact check you,” Dean insists. “I know how to Google.”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, relaxing and smiling again. “Lunch first though.”
“Yes, I’m aware.” Yeah, there’s a strain in Cas’s voice, a certain storminess gathering behind his eyes that Dean is downright
and he doesn’t want to let it go. And in bed with Cas, warm and content, basking mid-afterglow, it makes him bold enough to try seizing the opportunity before it slips away.
He snags a bottle of water from the fridge, downing half of it in one swig and leaning against the counter while he catches his breath. He presses the cold plastic to his forehead; it feels ridiculously good against his flushed face, but it doesn’t do much to calm the rest of his body down. Last time a dream got him this worked up, he took the edge off before he even had the chance to think about it. This time he just has to… wait it out.
, Cas,” Dean replies, more forcefully than before, looking like he wants to escape, but Castiel is standing in the doorway, blocking his exit. Dean looks like a cornered animal, and Castiel hates that he was the cause.
Castiel reflects on what Dean had said the other night,
Now Castiel knows better—he’s learned to work with Dean and do whatever he can to make things easier for him, methodically chip away at his armor and let him give into what he actually wants. Dean, as Castiel understands it, is grateful that he’s inquisitive, attentive, but always mindful that he can’t push too hard. Castiel is unshakably aware of how fragile this is; it’s more solid by the day, which is humbling and amazing, but he’s not willing to risk it.
on Dean and his pleasure, but yes, it might be nice to feel Dean’s skin against his own. “Sorry.”
by refusing the offer. The latter is worse, that Dean might think he deserved that kind of treatment, that it was his fault somehow.
He realizes exactly what Cas is doing, targeting all of Dean’s weak points to remind him – and himself – that Cas knows his body better than anyone, that he’s a fucking pro at getting Dean off. Dean might resent Cas playing him like a fiddle if he could form any coherent thoughts, but he’s already right on the brink, desperate for release after only a few minutes of Cas’s deliberate, devastating attention.
, lost in sensation, nearly starting in surprise when Cas suddenly speaks behind him.
the risk of being caught, the possibility of being watched. So many of the images that spring to mind would be unthinkable for him to go through with in reality, but the
Dean sighs as Castiel caresses his chest, tapering off into a hiss as Castiel swipes his thumb across one of Dean’s nipples, lingers there and rolls it between his fingers as Dean stifles a curse. Castiel wastes no time trailing lower, pressing a gentle kiss to Dean’s stomach, the delicate skin of his inner thigh. Dean squirms at the brush of Castiel’s unshaven cheek, parting his legs wider to encourage Castiel’s attentions. It isn’t always easy for Dean to admit that he’s allowed to feel good, to want something like this and to have it, so Castiel is pleased to see Dean letting go and so openly enjoying himself. Castiel is rather enjoying himself as well.
Castiel draws back and pulls his hand away as gingerly as he can, seeking out some tissues to clean up. He gives Dean a moment to compose himself but returns to him quickly, knowing Dean needs that closeness too, far more than he needs space.
Castiel swings his legs onto the floor, but before he can get up from the bed, Dean reaches out and touches his arm, shockingly quick for how close he was to falling asleep mere seconds ago. “You don’t have to.”
“Why don’t we enjoy it then?” It’s so beautiful, so serene where they are, a far cry from what they’re used to, and Castiel’s itching to take advantage of the opportunity while they can.
when someone makes advances towards him, knowing what might happen when the two of them are alone. What undoubtedly
Yeah, Dean’s painfully aware that the denial shit doesn’t fly with Cas. He knows Dean too well and he’s not afraid to remind him. And Dean makes that pretty easy for him, goes pliant and lets Cas haul him around and push him onto the mattress, legs splaying wide so Cas can slot in between them.
“I don’t think mine fit very well anymore,” Cas says, as if answering Dean’s thoughts, pulling contemplatively at his collar.
Dean’s heartbeat picks right back up at the sound of Cas’s voice. “Yeah?” he asks when he remembers to breathe, mind racing and throat dry, painfully conscious of how Cas is only a few feet away.
Cas shoots him a look that falls somewhere between skeptical and amused. “You consider yesterday a date?” he asks, a grin creeping onto his face. “You spent most of it complaining.”
Cas doesn’t really answer verbally so much as offer a vague noise of affirmation, a look on his face that says it all.
in Cas’s eyes, his snarky comeback dies in his throat. “Uh,” he mutters, coughing awkwardly, averting his gaze and letting it land on a non-descript green shrub. “What’s that?” he says, pointing to it.
“Cas,” Dean says, meant to be admonishing, but it just comes out as a laugh, because it’s honestly hilarious that Cas thinks he can try to deny this. “C’mon. You think I don’t notice how you get if someone makes a pass at me?”
Dean manages to distract himself for the rest of the day – Cas doesn’t try making any
He remembers what it was like getting tipsy with Cas before this spark was something he felt he could act on, what torture it was to want Cas so badly, both of them relaxed and happy and stupidly hot for each other. But Dean couldn’t allow himself anything more than that, even when they both knew exactly what was going on between them, when they went out and got drunk together knowing full well it’d make things worse. It was always tempting enough even when Sam was around, but it was complete agony when it was just the two of them, a single hotel room, and a dwindling list of excuses. Even an innocent, friendly touch was dangerous,
He could lose himself in those eyes, most likely would have if he weren’t interrupted by a voice beside him.
nights. Cas offers often enough, like the first time, blurting out some new discovery he’s itching to put into action. Sometimes Dean gets impatient, gives in and just goddamn asks for it, albeit in terms no more explicit than a furtive
Cas just smiles at him, tender and serene. “I want that too.”
, it’s nothing short of remarkable. “No more livin’ in sin, huh?” Dean says with a faint chuckle and a forced smirk, trying to clear the hoarseness in his throat away, blinking rapidly.
Dean’s not sure, actually, but— “I did with Rhonda,” he admits on a breath. He’s mostly trying to be honest, but if it has the added effect of playing to Cas’s competitive streak, that wouldn’t be the worst thing.
“That, um,” Dean attempts, eyes glassy and voice hoarse. “Yeah,” he says at last. “Okay.” Another moment passes before he clears his throat, looking at Castiel with a lop-sided smile. “I’m still making breakfast though.”
attention was exactly where it needed to be to catch him in the act, but he squashes the urge to shoot him a disapproving glare. This is someone they should maintain a good rapport with, and he can’t let his irrational passions get in the way of saving lives. Which is, of course, more important than asserting his relationship with Dean, standing between him and anyone else who might drift a bit too closely in his direction, but often, at the time, it can be hard to remember that.
and they were (mostly) still dressed – and he’s never let it go since. Dean rolls his eyes. “We’re not—” he stops and lowers his voice when the clerk returns and hands them their keys, “We’re not going to…
“We aren’t actually federal agents,” Cas points out after a brief pause.
. He’s not used to desire that runs so deep and intense, mingles so seamlessly with actual romantic feelings. Maybe he didn’t think about that part too often, always more hung up on emotions, but now it’s impossible to ignore how attracted he is to Cas. He’d never think that after ten years that anything could feel like rushing, but he’s such a mess for Cas that every tiny thing is overwhelming, and he’s not sure he can handle it without losing his damn mind.
Dean gasps and swears as he spills onto his stomach, digging his fingers into Cas’s back and fighting the urge to hide his face because he knows Cas wants to see him. Knowing he’s the subject of Cas’s intense, wavering devotion always makes him feel desirable,
Either way, that’s not why they’re here.
Cas smiles in understanding. “We could do something else.”
Cas doesn’t respond immediately, just makes a soft noise that Dean can’t interpret, and Dean barely has a chance to register the plush give of Cas’s lips or the scratch of his stubble before he realizes what he’s doing and pulls away, mortified. “Um,” he says, worried that he may have miscalculated, that he’s projected his own desires onto Cas and acted without thinking it through. “That—” Oh god,
And if Sam does come running and he’s got a problem walking in on them making out, he’s just gonna have to get used to it – Dean can kiss his… his
It’s not the first time he’s thought about it. Normally, he’s hasty to bury that inclination before he can dwell on it, but right now, Dean lets himself get lost in the fantasy, dipping down to kiss Cas, whimpering into his mouth as the pleasure spikes just from the ideas circling his mind, coming sudden and
Or sometimes Cas keeps him restrained through his own strength, like one afternoon when he’s seated in a chair in the war room, holding Dean’s wrists behind his back as he’s perched in Cas’s lap. Dean’s precariously balanced, wearing nothing but a pair of newly-procured panties – that’s one accessory, at least, that’s managed to make it into the mix; Dean’s more inclined to steal or buy himself a little something now that he’s got Cas to share that with, seeing the hunger in his eyes as he tells Dean how good he looks. Dean’s supposed to get himself off just from grinding against Cas’s thick thigh, and it’s easier than he thought with the way his dick’s straining against the lacy fabric, well worth the burn in his muscles when he finally comes, muffling a sob against Cas’s shoulder.
, nearly purring as he pets the sweaty nape of Dean’s neck, kissing his hair, reeling him in to slot their mouths together when Dean lifts his head and catches Cas’s eye. It makes Dean’s stomach flip to see Cas looking so relaxed and satisfied, a perfect reflection of how Dean feels himself, sagging into Cas’s embrace, lulled by the steady pulse of his heartbeat.
Castiel is overcome with the need to ease those insecurities, feeling his own breathing speed up as he steps closer. He tentatively reaches up and takes Dean’s face between his hands, giving him plenty of time to pull away. But the cautious excitement radiates from Dean like a tangible thing, and Castiel knows he no longer has any excuse not to kiss him.
hanging from the doorjamb, one that doesn’t have any warding or protective purposes that Dean knows of –
Dean has trouble wrapping his mind around that, that this is something he might get to have, but he knows obvious signals when he sees them. And that’s really something, isn’t it, that Cas was so confident that this would work out for him. But even then he still gave Dean a choice, gave him an
Cas just shrugs, looking innocent, and says nothing.
Stolen moments aren’t impossible to come by, like when they’re late picking up Sam from the library one afternoon because they end up fooling around in the Impala, parked in the woods and fogging up the windows like a couple of teenagers. They scarcely have the presence of mind to get their pants undone as they urgently writhe against each other, rucking up their shirts to get at more skin – and to minimize any unsavory stains – Cas’s firm grip guiding them into a rhythm that they’re both too far gone to keep up with for long. Dean’s just glad he’s started planning for that kind of thing, pocketing wet naps each time they stop by a barbecue joint and stashing them in the glove compartment, just in case.
“It’s got—” Dean glances at the nutrition facts and stops abruptly. Oh for fuck’s sake, sugar’s the first damn thing on the list. “Uh,” Dean stalls, skimming further down in search of something less incriminating. He’s usually better at lying, he swears, but any skill he has in deception always seems to fly out the window at the most absurd and inconvenient times. “It’s got, uh, wheat fl—”
Afterwards, Dean admits that they should probably get back to the motel, but there’s no way they’re not taking a quiet, close moment together first. It’s hardly the best place for it, a tangle of limbs and awkward maneuvering that finally results in Dean tucked against Cas’s chest, wrapped in his arms—not that Dean’s complaining.
it all is, hopelessly in love.
He shifts to cup Cas’s erection through his pants, and the angle’s kind of awkward but it’s so fucking worth it, his own cock throbbing in sympathy at how
their tongues.
all the time,” Dean confesses without entirely meaning to, mumbling as he feels a blush coming on. His verbal filter has been slowly eroding ever since he and Cas became a thing, and right now it’s nearly obliterated by alcohol and growing arousal.
and oh, it is so,
But then Cas touches him again properly and Dean sucks in a breath, struggles not to thrust up into Cas’s fist. “Tell me if you’re getting close,” Cas rumbles.
and yeah, that’s… yeah.
*   *   *
Dean is both an enigma and almost comically transparent. He can project his desires like a beacon but be so vehement in his denial that it even seems convincing. At first.
and Dean comes so hard he almost passes out. He’s a mess, tears prickling his eyes, physically and emotionally overstimulated, trembling in Cas’s arms. He clings tight, murmurs
inside him, stretching him wide, filling him up so thoroughly. They’ve never done that, never even talked about it, but of course Cas doesn’t miss Dean’s reaction. Cas’s expression turns calculating – Dean can sense his intrigue – but he lets it be for now.
“Okay,” Dean says, deceptively upbeat, making a show of placing his coffee cup on the roof of the car. “I’ll come to you then.” He barely takes one step in the dude’s direction before he visibly recoils, damn near tripping over his feet backing away and scrambling into his car.
“You can move now, Dean, it’s all right.” Dean hadn’t even realized he’d been perfectly still this whole time. His surprise must show on his face, because Cas adds, “See? So good,” smiling as Dean arches up into his fist.
, officially now, according to his watch. The dishes can wait. He’s ready to turn in himself, but he can’t ignore the fact that Cas is lingering, hovering in the doorway, seemingly lost in thought. Cas is often preoccupied, but Dean still worries as he always does, approaches him slowly, brow furrowed in concern.
He shivers at the fire in Cas’s eyes before he slams his own closed and tips his face up, licking his lips in anticipation, arousal spiking so sharply when Cas tips over the edge that it makes him whine, squirming at the sensation as hot stripes land on his cheek, his chin, smeared across his panting mouth. Maybe Cas didn’t mean this as
Cas hums thoughtfully. “What’s different?”
He makes another attempt at something lighthearted –
, how can Dean possibly stay away?
“Hey,” he says, diving into things without really thinking it through. “Uh. I was just— wondering,” he trails off vaguely, realizing he has no plan of how to approach this. There’s a reason he never talks about these things. Then again he’s never had anyone in his life who’d actually understand. He’s still getting used to being able to discuss this stuff with Charlie, that there’s so much more to delve into, so many questions he needs answered.
That night, he dreams that he and Cas are in a vast meadow, a sea of bright flowers stretching out endlessly around them. Dean can smell their subtle fragrance, feel the sunshine on his skin and the gentle breeze in his hair.
“It might not be,” Sam admits. “But if it is, getting the chance to nip it in the bud
“Hey,” she says as he walks over to the fridge for some eggs and milk. “Did I ever tell you about the time a girlfriend took me to her cousin’s wedding and it ended up a full-blown riot?” she asks. “Not because she brought me – it wasn’t my fault. Well, no, it was my fault a little bit,” she concedes. “I’m still not super welcome in that part of Pennsylvania. But I’m jumping ahead.”
Castiel takes a steadying breath and puts the strawberry back down. He takes Dean’s face in his hands until Dean’s eyes meet his, holding his gaze for a few seconds before leaning in to kiss him.
“Okay,” Cas concedes with a chuckle, kissing the top of Dean’s head.
, molded itself to Dean’s tendency to go pliant and needy when pushed, weak-kneed for a bit of direction.
In his periphery, Castiel can see Dean stretch out on the bed, making himself comfortable. “Wake me up if you find anything,” he says, words half-muffled against a pillow.
, touching himself with more urgency. Castiel keeps at that spot, curling his fingers and marveling at the way it makes Dean arch his back and whimper, cock leaking onto his stomach. There’s a heady kind of power to it, more than he’d ever felt flaunting his grace, being able to drive Dean to madness with just the pressure of two fingers.
Well that’s—that’s just—
to have them, too stupid with lust to take everything off properly, but the truth is that even during a hookup with a stranger it felt too exposed, too difficult to make the inevitable quick getaway. It’s almost enough to dredge up some self-consciousness, but the look in Cas’s eyes tells Dean that he’s got nothing to be embarrassed about. Dean’s mostly used to the way Cas looks at him – even in a romantic way, by now – but Cas turning that intense gaze on him when they’re both undressed is an entirely different story.
“Seems solid to me,” Cas says, voice noticeably lower than before, and it takes Dean a second to realize he’s talking about the fucking
It turns out to be a short search, because the minute he rounds the corner, he finds Cas by quite literally walking into him.
Once they left town, he brooded in near-silence for the entire day’s drive, renting a separate room for himself as soon as they arrived at the motel and holing up inside for the rest of the night. Castiel never likes leaving him alone when he’s like that, but he wasn’t about to deny Dean his space.
They fall into a silence that Dean knows would be comfortable if he let it settle in. He really likes having Charlie around. He’s still pretty private about things with him and Cas, but it’s nice to talk about it with someone who isn’t a close-minded asshole. Someone who’s, well… like him. It strikes him then what an idiot he’d been for trying to deal with things like last night’s
reveling in it instead of stewing in guilt – that’s an appealing prospect, in Dean’s book.
,” he hisses, irritated, “He—”
“Still,” Dean snorts, the mock outrage on his face abruptly melting into something that Castiel can’t interpret – maybe Dean doesn’t know what it is either. “At least say good-bye next time.”
Dean’s never been great at leaving well enough alone, and this is clearly not an exception.
“Night, Cas,” Dean murmurs, sleepy smile widening as he dozes.
Dean clenches his jaw, fighting off the mental images that Cas’s wording brings to the surface. He’s not sure if Cas is deliberately fucking with him. He’s certainly capable of it, more than Dean gives him credit for, which is exactly how he manages to get blindsided when it happens.
,” he repeats, hesitating for another moment. “Remember when we, uh…” He idly strokes Castiel’s arm, fiddling with the cuff of his sleeve. “With your hand?” He meets Castiel’s eyes, though Castiel can see that it’s not easy for him, fighting a grimace when a blush begins to stain his cheeks. Castiel knows that that reaction often embarrasses Dean, but Castiel can’t help but be taken by the picture he makes.
But behind closed doors – in their bedroom, in a mutually agreed-upon setting – all bets are off.
“They’d
Castiel takes his time working in a third finger and a fourth. So often this is just means to an end, but Dean is obviously enjoying himself. Castiel is also content, for now, to indulge in it for its own sake. He watches the width of his knuckles pressing against Dean each time he moves his hand forward, so close to slipping inside. He keeps at it until Dean’s pliant and open and it seems possible to continue, though he’ll still have to be careful.
Cas mercifully gives Dean a break, teasing his own cock with the tips of his fingers instead, swiping the fluid beading at the head onto his thumb. Dean watches with undisguised interest, licking his lips, opening his mouth eagerly when Cas offers his hand, lets Dean have a taste. Dean moans when his tongue touches Cas’s skin, and he’s sure that doesn’t escape Cas’s notice, the way Dean chases his hand when he lets it fall away, desperate for any part of Cas filling him up, gaze helplessly drawn to Cas’s enticingly hard cock, wetting his lips again.
“Maddie Larsen ‘luvs pancakes,’” Castiel deadpans, ignoring the repeated exclamation marks in her Instagram caption. “Pancake emoji, pancake emoji, heart eye emoji.”
Dean shifts into a better position and tries to take Castiel deeper, nudging his soft palate – he’s talked before about how he wants to
Cas’s voice stops Dean in his tracks, and again he’s weak, glancing back in Cas’s direction.
But Castiel still worries that Dean’s patience might run out eventually, that this routine will get tiresome, even aggravating for him, and his built-up resentment will drive a wedge between them. Just the thought of that is more than enough to make Castiel vow to do better, make a real effort to stop acting like a barbarian at the slightest provocation. Dean’s forgiven him for far worse transgressions in the past, sure. They’ve worked through their almost irreconcilable differences and come out stronger on the other side. But Castiel would much prefer that they avoid going through that process to begin with.
“Anyone ever—” he attempts. He sighs, takes a moment to collect himself. “Anyone ever, y’know, look at you funny? Like, if you’re out with a… girlfriend or something.”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “I had it under control.”
Now Castiel understands what Dean’s referring to.
in a promising murmur that reminds Castiel exactly who Dean’s going home with tonight.
That’s probably not a good sign.
That’s not even a question, but Dean mutters another
. He’s been increasingly intrigued by the thought that there really is more to that sparkle in Dean’s eye when Cas acts on his base instincts, that what he’d taken as playful amusement is a bit more complicated than that.
This is what Castiel always wants for him, his worries alleviated and his mind set at ease. Castiel’s glad he can provide that, humbled that the confirmation of his feelings can put that look on Dean’s face. “I think we both could have moved a little more quickly,” Castiel replies, smiling indulgently.
Dean’s more than willing but his sated body is sluggish to obey. He rolls with it when Cas maneuvers him onto his stomach, parting his thighs so Cas can climb between. “C’mon, Cas, c’mon,” he mumbles into the bedspread, won’t really be satisfied until he feels Cas coming inside him.
Jones sniffs. “Kid from the next town over buys himself a brand new Mustang and slaps one of them
If he has a plan at all, that is. Dean’s not sure which prospect he likes better – Cas mapping this all out, putting time into
Someone nearby in the bar doesn’t seem to be quite so impressed. There’s an audible scoff to Dean’s left, some rumblings of distaste. Suddenly, he’s having a much harder time relaxing.
It’s invasive, the way Cas looks at him. But it’s not like those unsubtle glances before a bathroom hookup, not like the attention he used to attract just for being a pretty face. That intensity is because Cas knows him,
Dean hands Cas a freshly-washed glass and watches with interest as he methodically dries it with a dish towel. Dean’s distracted by the way Cas’s hands move, his sleeves rolled up to the elbow, forearms flexing. Maybe Dean can convince him to “turn in” early tonight—speaking of things Dean never thought he’d get to have. Waking up next to Cas every morning is… yeah, that’s really something.
“But—”
on a phone call with Sam – Castiel is still keenly aware of just how much the band around Dean’s finger means to him. Castiel could swear to Dean a thousand times that he’ll always be by his side, but now Dean has the tangible proof on his finger, something he can look at and remind himself of their promise. It means the same thing to Castiel.
Of course, now that the suggestion’s been made, any patience Dean had been trying to rally promptly flies out the window. They keep crossing paths as they go about their separate business during the day, and Dean can scarcely resist the urge to grab Cas by the arm and ask if they can just
Dean’s glad that Cas takes his babbling for the positive affirmation it is, the tension easing from him as well. Good. Dean wants him to enjoy this too.
For the moment, all he manages is making moony eyes at Cas over his sandwich the entire time they eat lunch. He’d feel worse about that if Cas weren’t doing kinda exactly the same thing. It strikes Dean that it’s not all that different than how Cas has always looked at him. He can’t believe he ever convinced himself that it didn’t mean anything.
Cas hums in response, closing his eyes. “You’re a sappy everything,” he says, teasing and affectionate even as he’s clearly starting to nod off.
He strokes Dean’s face, apparently convinced that Dean will stay put for now. “Show me.”
now, which is just excessive, if you ask Dean. Not that he thinks about that too much. Well, if he’s being honest with himself about that kinda stuff now, maybe he’s thought about it, uh… a few times.
Charlie shoots him a look that’s both suggestive and annoyed. “Yeah, I heard. Thanks for that, by the way.” Right, Charlie’s only clued into the part of
“Hey,” Dean says, plopping into a chair across from Sam in the war room. “You ever hear of anything that can give people visions?”
– especially after, when the rush of orgasm has faded, his mind still fuzzy but able to focus on something other than spine-tingling bliss, dazed and sated, Cas right there to see him through it.
Castiel smiles at him. “You’re always so concerned about taking care of everyone else,” he adds, waiting until Dean looks him in the eye before continuing. “Did it ever occur to you that maybe someone should take care of you too?”
seen that in an ad on network TV), but it’s subtle, not too preachy. He even notices Cas smiling in his peripheral vision.
“Not even close,” Dean sighs, finally giving into the urge to arch forward and kiss Cas, groaning in satisfaction when Cas immediately reciprocates with the full extent of his enthusiasm, coaxing Dean’s mouth open with his tongue. He pushes Dean backward—though Dean’s not sure it even counts as pushing when Dean goes along with it so eagerly, baring his neck for Cas’s lips the second his back touches the wall, planting his feet wider so Cas can slip one of his thick thighs between Dean’s, give Dean something warm and unyielding to grind against.
“Was kinda into it, actually,” Dean admits after a beat, partially muffled against Castiel’s chest. Castiel can understand the appeal of that, Dean bare and vulnerable but still safe in Castiel’s hands, trusting that he’ll be taken care of. “I mean, don’t get me wrong,” Dean says, a grin slipping into his voice, “I like you naked too.”
. Cas is probably just wondering why the hell there’s a
Dean’s breathing has audibly sped up, body shaking when he finally pulls away again with a choked sob. He buries his face against Castiel’s hip, fingers digging into the muscle of his thigh – Castiel can hear and
Dean whimpers as they work together in a steady rhythm, loosening him up with careful, teasing motions. Before long Dean adds another finger – too soon probably, but he’s thrilled by the burn, hissing through his teeth and arching into it and fuck, he really can’t wait anymore.
, he’d really only planned on sucking Cas off, was gonna get his in the rough palm of Cas’s hand – or maybe just riding one of those thick thighs, lord knows he’s worked up enough for it – but…
– thrusting into his own touch, moaning because it’s so good but not nearly enough. He gets his belt open, unzips to get a hand around himself and gets lost in the sensation, Cas filling his mouth, his own fingers firmly circled around his cock.
“Hmm,” Castiel said, interest piqued by the way Dean squirmed. “I doubt that.”
has him weirdly skittish, feeling exposed.  “Leave it alone?” he mumbles to Cas. It comes out as more of a plea than a stern suggestion. He’s shamefully cowed in situations like these, afraid if he gets too defensive then people will
Castiel reaches out to brush his fingers against the drying tear tracks on Dean’s lovely face, admiring the smattering of freckles, giving him a sly smile. “Of course not.”
and never leave, instead of bailing at the first opportunity and never looking back – sometimes wanting to stay, but knowing it was better if he didn’t. Nothing about staying feels wrong now.
Dean feels Cas’s palms settle on his skin, massaging the tense muscles in his back and shoulders.
When Castiel reaches Dean, his form is no longer blinding and ethereal. His arms are solid and real and surprisingly human when they encircle Dean—arms that have held Dean before, all too briefly, that Dean hopes never let him go.
Cas laughs, looking almost sheepish for someone who’s effortlessly lugging around a giant bundle of wood. “I got a bit carried away.”
Cas leans on the surface of the counter, looking at Dean intently. “Anything I can do?”
“Yeah, that’s—” Dean’s voice is suddenly shaking, palms sweaty, as he realizes the position he’s just put himself in. “That’s uh, weird,” he says faintly.
together, he finds himself struggling to maintain that cool façade.
“It seemed like you needed it,” Castiel offers, not sure what else to say.
they can still only afford one room. Dean’s irritable about being stuck here, when they could be on their way home, and he gets Cas to join him in hitting up the local dive. Sam claims he’s too tired to come along, but it’s more likely that he can read Dean’s mood well enough to know he should steer clear for a little while.
level of sophistication,” Cas replies with amusement.
Dean doesn’t even
Dean finds himself pressed against their bedroom door as soon as it closes behind them.
“Another?” Castiel asks almost immediately. His motivations aren’t entirely selfless, but he suspects that Dean doesn’t mind.
Cas only spares him a disdainful glance, looking haughtily down his nose at him, straightening his tie. He faces Dean again. “I’m ready to leave now,” he announces, adjusting his shirt-cuffs and striding purposefully towards the car. Cas has always had a knack for making an exit.
to see Dean get there first, murmurs his name in encouragement while Dean shudders beneath him, chest heaving.
Dean clears his throat, smile slipping away. “You know I’d never…” He trails off, eyes cutting towards the passenger’s seat.
Cas is, straining the fabric against Dean’s fingers, hot beneath his palm. He pushes into Dean’s touch with a sigh that turns into a low, rumbling moan, tilting his head to let Dean’s lips brush against his jaw.
Cas’s eyes flash, a smirk gracing his lips as he recognizes the challenge in Dean’s words. “Not too winded to make you regret those words.”
,” Dean says, sounding strained.
for him, something Dean is willingly sharing, giving himself over to it so completely, and Castiel is not about to squander the opportunity, the gift he’s been given. He tries to move a bit faster, fascinated by the high, frantic moans torn from Dean’s throat before he slows Castiel down – too much too soon, perhaps – coaxes him into something gentler, a more languorous pace. He searches for a better angle, knows he’s found it by Dean’s strangled gasp, eyes slamming shut, head thrown back. Castiel is helplessly enticed by the smooth expanse of his neck, kisses each freckle still visible in the dim light. Dean’s eyebrows are knitted together, lips bitten, parted on a moan that he raises his hand to stifle. Castiel can’t stand for that, wants to hear every exquisite sound he can draw out of Dean, wants Dean to feel comfortable letting go.
That Dean falls asleep in record time doesn’t escape Castiel’s notice for a second. But it’s not until he finally tears himself away from the peaceful picture Dean makes that he spots Dean’s gun resting on the tabletop in front of him.
uptight always signals a good time for Dean, so he’s pretty proud of himself for getting Cas to lighten up about this. Besides, it’s not like Dean doesn’t understand where Cas is coming from. He knows all-too-well what jealousy feels like, how much it sucks and how hard it is to turn off. He figures if you can’t avoid it, you might as well find a way to make it work to your benefit. He can do that for Cas, offer a convenient and enjoyable outlet for all his caveman behavior. Because he’s so selfless, of course.
Dean snorts in amusement and doesn’t argue, falling asleep within minutes.
, Dean can feel it. “I’ll never get enough of it—you letting me make you feel good. You make me feel good too.”
no matter what they do – this is just a sign that he wants more right now, wants to be closer to Dean in a very literal sense and
hill on the way back,” Cas says patiently. Dean can see that he’s trying not to roll his eyes.
“Like what?”
Dean works him over with perfect speed and pressure, that devastating combination that makes Castiel swear under his breath, rolling his hips up to meet Dean halfway, chasing the bliss of Dean’s slick, soft mouth.
Even he can’t fully grasp why he’s so eager for more, how there’s something almost addictive about being reminded just how badly Cas wants him. He gets into some absurdly
“It’s possible,” Cas says, and Dean’s impressed by the feigned nonchalance in his voice. “I can take a look.”
For a split second, Dean feels bad for making her worry, but Charlie’s his friend – she’s supposed to be concerned for him. Honestly, it’s nice to be reminded that she cares so much.
Cas waits patiently while he adjusts, kissing whatever skin he can reach and rubbing soothing circles against his back. “Are you all right?”
*   *   *
“Yes,” Castiel promises, again opting for sincerity in the face of Dean’s teasing. His thumb traces Dean’s cheekbone, and Dean’s still smiling even though he’s almost shaking with emotion. “Of course I will.”
It’s late into the night when Dean starts to yawn sleepily – another thing Castiel is terribly charmed by – posture slumped as he fights to stay awake.
He feels Cas huff against his neck. “
Dean had always known he couldn’t keep up this song and dance forever, but he’d hoped he would hold out long enough to at least
Castiel crooks his fingers and watches in satisfaction as Dean’s cock twitches against his stomach, starting to drip. He does it again and again until Dean’s panting and pushing back into the pressure, letting out an uninhibited groan as he chases the sensation. Castiel wonders if this feels better for Dean than it usually does or if he’s just letting go, liberated for once. It’s a pleasant thought, one that makes Castiel feel freer too.
“I’m not leaving you,” Cas replies, more forcefully. Then, quieter, “You deserve to be saved.”
Castiel tugs on Dean’s hair again, just to watch the way his skin breaks out in goosebumps. “Go on then.”
Dean nearly deflates with relief when he notes that Cas is being genuine. He
Dean shrugs. “I mean, I thought it was possible, but I wasn’t really convinced it was our kinda thing. And I can’t say I’m more convinced now.” He pauses for a second and Castiel can see the gears working in his mind, the seriousness taking over his expression. “Though I guess I’m not any
“Thought you were never coming back.”
Sometimes, like tonight, it’s none of those things. They’re just enjoying each other’s proximity and vitality, no need for sweet nothings or dirty talk, for hushed confessions or charged eye contact. There’s no connection necessary beyond the touch of their bodies intertwined – Cas rocking deep and slow, holding him aloft with huge, powerful hands on his hips, making a space for himself between Dean’s thighs. Dean cradles him there almost covetously, every limb wrapped around him, fingers tangled in Cas’s hair. He keeps Cas close, his face pressed to the nape of his neck, soft exhalations warm against Dean’s skin, his stubble scratchy. His other hand greedily grips the solid muscles in Cas’s back, urging him on. Holding Cas and being held by him, completely in tune with him even though his mind is far away. Giving himself over, able to utterly surrender to bliss, to close his eyes. Not to blot anything out but to experience it more fully, knowing it’ll be amazing, exactly what he – what both of them need in this moment.
Dean’s almost embarrassed at how difficult this is. He’s always liked to think of himself as the sexually adventurous type – and he does have a few memorable encounters under his belt after all those years on the road – but he’s not usually the idea guy when it comes to experimenting between the sheets. If he ended up with someone who was a little on the creative side, he’d be more than okay going along for the ride because, hell, he’d be gone before morning anyway. He’s not used to voicing what
into. It was there all along, maybe, that part of Cas that might find something like this kind of enticing, just kept in check until he’s assured himself of Dean’s well-being.
Cas squares his jaw, still defiant, but doesn’t say any more.
That’s not exactly news to Dean, of course, but he’s always been quick to dismiss what it seemed like Cas was doing on his behalf, what he
“I know, right?” Charlie says playfully before redirecting her attention again, looking determined.
Castiel has no need for such things, but with Dean so eager to include him, he’s hardly inclined to refuse.
His heart still hasn’t settled, and when he looks in the mirror, he’s slightly dismayed to find that he’s noticeably frazzled.
And for all of Dean’s uncertainty, he knows without a single doubt that Cas’s murmured
. Dean’s expecting Cas to join him any second, climb onto the mattress and press him down. Dean’s looking forward to that, traces his fingertips up his thighs again, eyes slipping closed, imagining Cas’s solid weight on top of him, anticipating his hands touching Dean all over. It’s a beat too long with nothing, and Dean’s wondering what the hell the holdup is when Cas chimes in again. “Let’s see it.”
That night they eat together at the tiny kitchen table, settling into easy conversation. Dean loves talking to Cas – not about monsters, or angels, or demons, just stuff that doesn’t really matter. The movies Dean wants to show him, the book Cas is reading, whether cheesecake is considered a cake or a pie. (It’s definitely not a pie. Dean
“You’ve got a great smile.”
Cas decides to be even more of a little shit and throw Dean a look that says they both know exactly how untrue that statement is. “I can come back for you if you can’t go on.”
He’s an adult. He can handle this.
Dean seems caught off-guard, and Castiel watches, fascinated, as his cheeks start to turn pink. But he brushes it off quickly and pastes on a grin. “Whoa, slow down buddy,” he says with forced joviality, a carefully crafted hint of a laugh. “Coffee first. And breakfast,” he adds after a beat.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean says, shockingly not denying it. “This is more important.”
But that’s just it. That’s what emboldens him: Cas making him feel so utterly, unconditionally wanted. Dean’s never exactly had a hard time coming by that kind of attention, but no one’s ever been as into
Dean didn’t really think things would be so solemn, but he doesn’t mind. He feels safe being here like this with Cas. They’ve had their trust issues in the past, but they’re in this together now.
Cas stops everything, no way he’s missed the sudden tension in Dean’s posture. “We could move away from the window,” he offers, clearly concerned.
There’s a part of him that resists it, that tells him something must be missing if he’s not constantly on his toes, accustomed to relentless… excitement, for lack of a better term. He’s proud to say it didn’t take him too long to realize how wrong that instinct was. He’s not “settling,” as the term is commonly used, not grimly resigning himself to accepting the bare minimum; he’s
It’s less mortifying to admit that than he would’ve expected. It’s a little exciting, honestly, because Cas has already seen some of his more secret desires, and it turns out he easily mistook them for his own. He definitely looks intrigued when Dean doesn’t deny his interest.
something that he wants absolutely no part of.
He averts his gaze and scowls, because Cas is too obnoxious for him to look at, and the sight of Cas's exposed body, his tan skin glistening, is
After they’ve eaten, Cas clears away their dishes and lingers by Dean’s chair. “How are you feeling?” he asks when Dean turns to him, wrapping his arms around Cas’s middle.
For a moment he and Cas just look at each other, before Dean breaks the silence. “That was quite an impressive performance,” he says with a cheeky smile. Cas is even more mesmerizing up close. Dean isn’t a stranger to wearing armor himself, but there’s something about the way it looks on Cas that stirs up a secret pleasure in his stomach.
are, exactly, how they’ll get to them, how long it’ll take. Though he does have some ideas. Dean took a huge step, or at least what felt like one to him, but they’ve got a long way to go. How things play out from here, he can’t really say.
Jones lets out a nasty little chuckle, clearly directed at Dean. “Don’t want your partner in the loop, huh?” he sneers. “He know you can’t keep your eyes to yourself?”
“Why not? Isn’t that where you keep your clothes?”
A sex dream about Cas as a
in Dean’s words. “You said I had to catch up before the new season started.”
He still flushes at the compliment and pastes on a grin, hoping to deflect focus from his burning face. “Not so bad yourself,” he replies. He was aiming for a sort of flirty, casual confidence, but his words come out breathy and sincere. He doesn’t even mind; being emotionally honest isn’t scary anymore either. The way he feels about Cas isn’t exactly a secret. Dean reaches out and lets his fingers brush against Cas’s jaw, relishing the scratch of stubble. Five o’clock shadow looks damn good on Cas.
“Dude,” he exhales on a weak laugh. “We kinda crossed that line together. You didn’t do anything that I didn’t—” He pauses, reconsiders his wording. “You’re good, Cas. We’re good. It’s fine.”
“Awww,” he drawls, leaning close to Cas and watching eagerly for a reaction. “Wasn’t that nice of her to offer a reward for a job well done?”
Dean can’t resist the promise of friction, Cas’s body warm and firm and
Kissing Cas never gets old for Dean, that underlying thrill rekindling, sparking to life each time, leaving him dizzy with the lingering disbelief that he gets to do this now. And when the heady rush fades away he’s left with a calmer, simmering burn, one strangely comforting and familiar, some corny and impossible feeling like
“Will there be trouble for us if we can’t get rid of the footage?” Cas asks as they wait for the doors to open.
Against his every conceivable expectation, those grim thoughts are starting to fade, and he’s settling into a quieter domestic life with something that feels like contentment.
After a couple of weeks, though, those touches are as much of a tease as they are a comfort. Dean can tell even Cas is on edge, at this point, casting him looks heavy with an underlying
For the rest of their stay at the cabin, most of their time is spent, well… predictably. Dean can’t keep his hands off Cas and it’s insanely flattering to see that the feeling is obviously mutual. They’ve got a lot of lost time to make up for, and they’ve barely scratched the surface of exploring everything Dean’s been wanting, everything he’s fantasized about when he’s dared to let his mind wander.
“I’ll make a note of it,” Cas says, sounding distracted.
But this
“I can shave.”
Cas keeps his pace nice and easy, steadily rocking into Dean, his unshaven cheek rasping against Dean’s neck as he buries his face there. Dean gasps right along with him as he tips over the edge, muscles flexing beneath Dean’s hands, growling into Dean’s ear.
“Can you, uh—” he says, not sure how to indicate that Cas should probably let him down from the countertop.
,” before Cas is backing off and Dean’s left trembling on the mattress, a long whine escaping his throat before he can stop it.
“That’s— I’m not making that up, all right?” Dean cuts in quickly, before Cas can reply, on the defensive. “That’s the tradition, it’s just a thing you do, it’s… it’s
Dean’s phone buzzes loudly and breaks their comfortable silence, skittering across the surface of the table. Dean picks it up and glances at it, face lighting up as he scans the screen. “Hey, they found the kids,” he says. “Just got lost for a couple days, but they’re all back home now.”
Like the time Cas decides he’s absolutely determined to make Dean come without a hand on him – he’d been fascinated ever since that time in Missouri, greedy to see Dean do that again, to experiment and improvise until he can replicate it whenever he wants. Dean ends up face down on their bed with three of Cas’s fingers inside him, Cas responding to Dean’s pleas for a hand on his cock with,
Dean only gets an indecent groan from Cas in response, one he swiftly echoes when Cas’s cock slides inside him
“You’re so beautiful.”
“You close?” Dean asks, and Cas hums an affirmative against his throat. “Me too.” Close is a generous way of describing the way he feels right now, teetering on the edge of climax and eager to go over it. But right now, he wants Cas to get there first. “C’mon, Cas, just… inside me, you can—” Dean breaks off on a choked moan. “I want it,
Castiel pauses thoughtfully for a moment, not wanting to give away his suspicions too soon, giving Dean a chance to say more. “Did you find something?” he asks, when Dean offers no additional explanation.
The silence sits heavily for a moment as Dean mulls over Cas’s words and decides that yes, he knows exactly what Cas is implying here. He winds his fingers tight in the fabric of Cas’s shirt, leans in, and kisses him.
cold?” he asks eventually.
,” he spits with undisguised contempt. “Ain’t fuckin’ right if you ask me.”
that demanded his attention with striking urgency. In time, he learned how misguided he was to even want to ignore it, and how foolish he was to try. Castiel was inexplicably drawn to Dean when their paths first crossed, was led to rethink, to rebel, to change his entire world view. But the more time he spent with Dean, the more Castiel realized that his compulsion to be near him had strengthened and transformed into something else, something beyond anything he could have prepared himself for. A bond unlike what he had with others, a captivation that easily turned romantic once the conditions were right. He’d set himself up for it almost unconsciously, he understood upon later reflection, seeking close proximity to Dean in their less dire moments, already so weak for him that it wouldn’t take much – the bright flash of his smile, the joyous sound of his laughter, a brief glimpse of the freckles on his cheekbones – to have him falling beyond recovery.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I musta made a great first impression,” Dean quips, but he’s fully appreciating it now, that Dean was at his absolute lowest and Cas still saw something in him.
Dean obeys as readily as he would any commander; Cas has done more to earn his trust and loyalty. He smiles to himself as Cas presses in behind him, humming and kissing Dean’s cheek, apparently pleased.
Castiel only lets out a low hum in reply, admittedly lulled by how soft and warm and comfortable Dean is.
Cas’s sharp eyes don’t miss a thing, and one of his hands curls under Dean’s chin. “That can wait,” he implores, voice still soft, not a definite order yet, in case Dean’s really gonna be insistent about doing the damn dishes first, but Christ, the choice here is obvious.
Dean flinches. “I
“We could’ve,” Dean says, although he’s not so sure about that.
he was doing for Dean; when he allows himself to think about it, he’s floored by the weight of it, by how far Cas has come, and that Dean was part of it. “Did you— all that stuff you said you did.” Dean pauses and swallows, hopes this isn’t a stupid question. “Did you really do it for me?”
And denial just happens to be an old favorite of his. Always there when he needs it.
But Castiel doesn’t want to let Dean walk away from something he desires, and sometimes making this easier on Dean means not just being passively open to his wants, but actively encouraging them. Castiel cups Dean’s cheek in his hand, looks at him until Dean meets his gaze instead of glancing away self-consciously.
Castiel pauses to think, making sure he’s reading Dean correctly. They’ve done many things involving his hands, and he’s enjoyed every last one, continually amazed by all the ways he can bring Dean pleasure or comfort just from touch. Castiel’s not sure he’s ever felt more powerful, so in control and trusted.
pie. Cas does make some compelling arguments, though.)
Like when he’s got Dean bare and spread out on the bed, taking a long moment just to drink him in, and Dean obviously has no issue with Castiel
Castiel smiles gently and leans in to kiss him slow and indulgent. Dean hums happily and lets his tongue flick against Castiel’s, starting to shift restlessly, pushing into the pressure of Castiel’s hand. When Castiel pulls back and looks at him expectantly, Dean nods and says
“Hell yes,” Dean replies with a breathy laugh. “Last night was fun,” he mumbles after a few beats of silence, closing his eyes and leaning into Cas’s touch.
,” he suggests,  and Castiel watches in fascination as he draws his lower lip between his teeth. “It is our wedding night, and all,” Dean adds, low and intimate, melting into a grin that seems almost shy considering that this is far from the first time they’ve gone to bed together.
“I love you,” he whispers, not wanting to disturb Dean, hand resting heavily against Dean’s heart.
Cas is quiet, pensive, the atmosphere thick with something nebulous but exhilarating that Dean can’t possibly leave alone. “So,” he drawls once they’re properly on the road, needing to pipe in when the silence gets to be too much. He turns towards Cas as much as he can safely get away with, lips quirked. “We gonna talk about the jealousy thing?” He supposes they did talk about it, a little, but Cas kind of dodged the question, and Dean wants some real answers this time.
Dean’s always liked kissing, and it’s only gotten better with Cas. Cas has a certain focus and finesse that Dean’s not used to but is quickly getting spoiled by. Cas always devotes one hundred percent of his care and attention to the task, even on a lazy afternoon like this one – TV watching that turned into a complete disregard for personal space that turned into Dean spread out on the couch cushions, Cas settled on top of him, their legs tangled together. Dean can’t get enough.
“Hey,” Dean protests weakly, but the way he rocks his hips forward, grinding his erection against Cas’s thigh, gives him away.
Cas pushes himself up to stare down at Dean, eyes wild and rapt, trained intently on Dean’s face. That puts Dean right over the edge, knowing how enthralled Cas is, how much he enjoys this; he’s never tried to hide that making Dean fall apart,
“Whatever makes you happy,” Charlie replies with a satisfied grin, fondly patting him on the cheek. “I mean it though. It’ll be fun, I
Now his arousal feels almost inescapable, but he lets that desire spur him on instead of leading him off course. There will be other times for that—staying grounded and in control is what’s important.
Cas has already proven to be a force of nature, running on libido and instinct, even when he was apparently trying to keep himself in check. Dean can only imagine what it’ll be like when Cas finally has the opportunity to really let loose—in fact, he’s
Cas pulls back a bit and studies Dean’s face, a slight tilt to his head. “Really?”
Cas starts to find a rhythm, tiny undulations that are driving Dean fucking insane, a gentle, minute back-and-forth that’s just enough for Dean to be constantly reminded of how ridiculously huge Cas’s hand feels inside him.
There’s even an actual kitchen with an actual stove – not some dinky wood-burning thing, but one Dean can really do something with. He’s glad he had the foresight to stock up on as much food as he could fit in the cooler. Sure, there’s a general store not too far away where they could grab some essentials if they need them, but if Dean has any say in it, they’re gonna leave this place as little as possible.
Cas’s strength is, yeah, okay, a total turn on, but it feels like more than that when Dean’s wrapped in his embrace. It keeps Dean grounded, gives him an unshakeable safe place to take shelter in. It’s a reminder that Cas is committed to this body, to this life, to
Dean wakes up to Cas’s steady breathing, chest rising and falling beneath Dean’s cheek. He snuggles in further just to feel Cas’s arms tighten to pull Dean more securely against his body, and he closes his eyes for another moment, soaking up this feeling of safety and contentment, savoring for all it’s worth. He never gets to have anything like this, was never even on his radar of absurd and embarrassing fantasies because it seemed too farfetched to even think of hoping for, but there they are.
Dean twists away from the pillow, finding Castiel’s eyes and blinking slowly. Castiel can’t help but be charmed by the sight of his unkempt hair, the lingering sleepiness softening his face.
Dean only has a minute or two of peace before Cas comes sauntering in, and Dean almost asphyxiates himself on a spoonful of milk.
. He sighs, circling the tip of one finger and sliding it inside, not at a great angle and not nearly what he needs but he could damn near cry at how good it feels after a couple weeks without this.
, voice still shaky but with an audible trace of a laugh.
like this, if he has his way – but Dean’s pretty sure he can get used to it.
do anything scandalous or illegal, I’m sure he knows how to get people to look the other way.” Dean’s trying to summon up some kind of response, but Sam barrels on anyway, now that he’s picked up on something
For a moment, that confuses Castiel. But then he starts to think about the faint bruises on his hips and shoulders, evidence of Dean’s clutching fingers. He could have easily healed those too, but he wants to keep them for as long as possible. It gives him a fierce sense of pride and self-satisfaction to know that Dean wants to keep his marks.
“Are you all right?” Cas asks, one warm hand on Dean’s shoulder.
He can barely take his eyes off of Cas, clutches desperately at his shoulders to pull him closer. Dean lets out an unabashed moan as Cas rolls his hips—the feeling of Cas’s cock against his, the thought of it, the
Cas smiles at him, slow and indulgent, and Dean feels arousal spark anew in his belly, even though he’s too wrung out to even consider doing something about it. Cas hums, hand resting against Dean’s neck, thumb tracing along his chin. “That was fun,” he says, a bit smug, but Dean thinks he’s earned that.
Cas has tuned them out, already busy poking around, sitting at the giant carved-wood desk to look in the drawers, rifling through files.
, never with Dean so starkly aware of how things stand between them. There as a time when Dean could easily brush something like this off, but there’s no way he can ignore it now. Abruptly he’s even more anxious to wrap this up, not just to put this arduous hike behind him but to get back to the cabin with Cas.
He wakes up before it gets any further, feeling cold,
If he really thought about it, he’d probably figure that things between him and Cas would escalate pretty quickly once they actually took that leap. Which they
But he's made it this far being able to maintain his self-control, and he’s not about to let it crumble now, no matter how many vivid images his mind conjures up. He turns off the water instead, stepping out and drying off before seeing what he can do about breakfast.
Before Dean can interrogate him further, he’s distracted by a brown and white rabbit scurrying across their path. “Who’s that guy?”
When one such lead brings them to the hotel the victim was staying in before he disappeared, Dean’s anticipating a standard, and likely brief, line of questioning that probably won’t pan out into anything useful. What Dean isn’t expecting is the woman at the front desk – Shannon, according to her nametag – taking an immediate and obvious interest in him.
*   *   *
Cas draws back and reaches for the lube as Dean turns onto his stomach. He stifles a gasp, the soft drag of the blankets on his erection fucking
as he reaches for Cas’s belt. “I—” he attempts, heart about to beat right out of his chest. “Uh—” It’s all too much for a second, the reality of the situation catching him off-guard. But before he can start spiraling, Cas’s gentle touch on his shoulder brings him back to earth. The amused smile on Cas’s face elicits an embarrassed laugh from Dean, grin widening as Cas leans in to kiss him on the cheek.
He doesn’t miss the dark excitement in Cas’s eyes as he says, “Yes, like that,” apparently distracted from his own question as well, hand balled into a fist in his lap. “What else? What would you do if I weren’t here?”
Castiel doesn’t have much experience splitting wood, but it’s hardly difficult, and once he gets started, he easily settles into a rhythm. That’s often the case for him with monotonous things like this, activities that seem boring for those who are used to it but for Castiel are far more appealing than the alternative – it was different when he was an angel with a single-minded focus for carrying out heaven’s mission, but now he has actual leisure time at his disposal, and he finds the repetition soothing, almost meditative.
It’s one of those too-rare evenings where Dean seems infinitely more at ease, the set of his shoulders less tight, the furrow in his brow softer. He laughs at something that, apparently, was far more hilarious than Castiel had intended. Castiel never fails to experience a surge of vain satisfaction when he gets Dean to laugh like that, even if doesn’t quite grasp how he’s accomplished it. Often enough it’s a feat he manages without trying, but the urge to do it deliberately gets stronger by the day. He wants to do everything in his power – not as an angel of the lord, but as Castiel, as
It turns out that a little compromise is a good thing; working together, they have a passably sturdy shelter constructed before sundown.
He can’t believe they’re even having this conversation. Dean had been innocently minding his own business, putting laundry in the dryer, when Charlie had suddenly materialized beside him with a
“Worked out okay in the end though, didn’t it?” Dean replies once he’s curled up to Cas again. “Got me here. I’ve—I’ve been through a lot, but fuck, I wouldn’t have met you if I hadn’t.”
feel so good too. There’s something about seeing Dean sated and relaxed, or lost to the throes of passion, that gives Castiel a strange rush of power that’s all too infrequent, nowadays. But there’s more to it that’s beyond Castiel’s grasp, some inscrutable element that might not ever be fully clear, no matter how much he experiments and explores.
Castiel feels a pang of guilt at that, realizing how the last few minutes were a bit of a blur, just how far he let his control lapse. “I got carried away again, didn’t I?”
Dean even starts to purposely avoid cooking anything that could constitute a “family dinner” —people mooching off his hard work and taking advantage of his charitable nature, is a better way to describe it—because the last thing he needs is to be stuck sitting down for a meal with Cas.
*   *   *
certain about: no matter the outcome, this is going to be one hell of an interesting trip.
Dean knows Cas is looking at him, and he has to fight to keep his fingers steady enough to get the bandage on straight.
Dean’s spending a lot more time with him than he ever has, is learning all kinds of stuff about him, the things you can only discover about a person when you’re in close, extended proximity with them. Cas is a night owl, for one, which is interesting. But that also means he’s a complete grouch in the morning, heavily reliant on coffee to get him to a point where Dean can talk to him without getting a grumble and an eyeroll in return.
Dean with a greater knowledge of his needs, to go forward together, knowing they’re on the same page. The unpleasantness between them was hard to bear, but the ultimate results could prove to be worth it – suffering through a rough patch to forge a stronger bond, a clearer connection.
He’s a bit startled when Cas sets his hand on his shoulder and presses him back down onto the mattress, pins him to the pillows with one taut muscular arm and fuck,
Castiel’s seen that side of him hiding beneath the surface for years now, has caught all too fleeting glimpses of it, eager to peel back the layers and see more. But to Castiel’s surprise, Dean’s shed those layers himself, like he’s been just as anxious to bring out that side of himself as Castiel has, even if he didn’t know it at first. Castiel feels incredibly lucky to witness such a transformation.
Courage eventually finds Dean one night when he and Cas are lying in bed together. Dean is
true.”
He comes back from the bathroom when Cas is still changing, and he stops in the doorway and stares before he can stop himself, watching with sweaty palms as Cas unbuttons his jeans and slides them down. It shouldn’t matter. This isn’t anything new, just like countless experiences he’s had hunting with Cas, staying in motels, but the difference given their context, the state of things now, is huge.
The sincere smile on Dean’s face doesn’t settle Castiel’s heart at
“Oh,” Cas says, glancing at his arm, disinterested. “That’s nothing.”
“I’m going to put these bags down,” Cas announces, brushing past him to duck into what Dean can only assume is the bedroom. It takes Dean a couple of seconds too long before he realizes he should do the same.
“Good night, Dean.”
Castiel chuckles at Dean’s phrasing. “That’s not—”
When he comes back, he pulls up a chair next to Cas and gets to work.
,” he says, leaving no room for misinterpretation now that he’s feeling bold enough to say it. “Fuck, I want it.”
, but he did. And he still would, every time.
. But the simpler fantasies haunt him too, visions of them waking up together tangled in the sheets, of them taking a long drive just for the sake of enjoying each other’s company. Those thoughts have always felt more off-limits than the dirty ones.
But Cas simply cups Dean’s cheek in one large hand and reels him in for a heated kiss that leaves Dean’s pulse pounding when he pulls away. “Goodnight,” he says with a slow smile before sauntering out of the room.
Before Dean can tell him they aren’t staying, Cas chimes in with a blunt, “Yes,” looking like he’d be happy to continue this very second.
.” Dean protests, curling the box toward himself protectively, but Cas is too fast.
happy by the end of it.
“That probably just encourages you,” Cas muses.
They’ve kept things relatively tame so far, no excess tongue or hands wandering to scandalous areas, but that doesn’t mean Dean isn’t thinking about the possibility of more. It’s never
, he needs to see how much he means to Castiel.
, that escalated fast.
“No big deal,” Cas echoes, and he’s tough for Dean to figure out even on a good day, but there’s no way in hell Dean can interpret any part of what’s happening right now.
Dean can’t resist anymore, dipping lower and fitting his palm over Cas’s growing erection. Dean loves this, getting Cas all riled up, feeling him stiffen further in his hand, strain against the fabric. Cas guides him into another kiss as Dean squeezes him through his pants, coaxing him harder until Cas is bucking into his touch, writhing with impatience.
for allowing me to share this with you.”
“In that case, I’m looking forward to that
Dean hasn’t summoned up a response yet, and Castiel can’t quite be sure in this light, but he thinks he catches a hint of a pink blush beneath Dean’s freckles as he traces them with the tips of his fingers – and isn’t
“Are you kidding me?” Dean grumbles, lifting the box up, scanning the carpet around them to no avail. So much for there not being any losers.
right now. He buries his face deeper against Cas’s shoulder. “I’m workin’ on it,” he mumbles, swallowing past a lump in his throat before composing himself, injecting some levity into his voice. “But you’ve got my back in the meantime, right?”
“What on earth was
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asks, too out of sorts to try sounding casual.
He shifts Dean onto his back, and Dean’s heart pounds at the feeling of Cas’s huge hands on his thighs, coaxing them apart so Cas can slide between. Dean didn’t need convincing to stay right where he is, Cas’s warm, solid weight on top of him, but Cas is very persuasive nonetheless.
“The hell do you know about this stuff?” Dean mutters before he can stop himself. He expects an eye roll for his incredulity, but it seems like Cas just barely manages to restrain himself.
, really, and definitely can’t get drunk on it – but he likes feeling included in the ritual of the whole thing. It also gives him something to do with his surprisingly restless hands, picking at the damp, peeling label to center himself when he finds himself distracted by the long column of Dean’s throat as he takes a swig from his bottle, his thigh pressing against Castiel’s on the couch cushions.
if I asked you to. I trust you,” he adds, surprised at the depth of his sincerity.
He might not have as much experience working cases like this as Sam and Dean do, but the more he digs, the less convinced he is that this is even “their kinda thing” at all. Maybe Dean just jumped the gun, or he decided to be overly cautious. Or maybe, as he so often does, he just needed an excuse to get out on the road for a while. There are all sorts of plausible explanations for why Dean was so eager to pursue a case that doesn’t seem much like a case at all, but Castiel can’t help but wonder.
So Dean doesn’t stifle an appreciative noise when Cas shoves him onto the mattress and looms over him, blanketing Dean’s body with his own, pinning Dean’s wrists beside his head. “Like that?” Cas asks, making sure, and Dean nods immediately, wrapping his legs around Cas’s waist and rolling his hips up, drawing moans from both of them. Cas rests heavily on top of him, grinds down in sinuous thrusts, and Dean nearly loses it from the friction, tantalizing through the soft material of his panties.
Okay, maybe that’s not being entirely direct. Dean knows for sure he’s never mentioned her name to Cas, or most of the details of his time with her, but what he doesn’t know is if Cas has managed to clue himself in through other means, how deep Cas’s knowledge of Dean’s personal history goes from a time when he had enough mojo to see right through Dean in more ways than one, if that’s the kind of background information Cas would’ve been interested in delving into.
Dean’s a little surprised to hear that. Charlie’s always been so open with them about who she is, but maybe it spoke more to the kinship among them than he’d realized.
“Deal,” Sam says with a pleased little half-smile. Cas, meanwhile, has already found them somewhere to stay for the night.
He might think Cas has gotten it out of his system, but he can feel the lingering, restless energy just barely being kept in check, and he knows that the last few days of watching another man show obvious interest in Dean has gotten under Cas’s skin exactly the way Dean had secretly hoped. He also knows that Cas is holding himself back from acting on those possessive feelings the way he so clearly wants, and Dean’s having none of that, won’t be fully satisfied until Cas’s usually ironclad control starts to slip at least a little.
Dean’s pleased that, even when caught off-guard, Cas doesn’t hesitate to throw himself into this, curling his fingers around Dean’s jaw, nipping at his lower lip. He doesn’t question Dean or try to stop him, just returns his enthusiasm, makes Dean feel wanted too, long fingers wandering up Dean’s thigh, insinuating himself into Dean’s space like he can’t possibly get close enough.
that washes over Castiel nearly sends him to the floor.
A fight could be satisfying in its own way, another option to work that itch out of his system, burn off the restless energy that’s got nowhere to go. He and Cas could probably take anybody in here, no sweat. But Dean doesn’t bounce back from an ass-kicking like he used to, even if he’s the one dishing it out, and when he
*   *   *
Cas looks at him, head tilted thoughtfully, and in a blink, he and Dean are lying in a meadow, surrounded by colorful flowers.
, bring it on, but with this… right now he just wants to take his keys and get the hell out of here – or find somewhere else to stay. Cas snatches the keys and the silence lingers as they trudge out of the office.
“Uh, yeah,” Sam says, trailing off uncertainly, eyebrows knitting together.
Dean didn’t need much more coaxing than that, kept his hands to himself, so to speak, though Castiel could tell that even the pressure of his clothes stretched taut where he was hard and aching was almost unbearable. Like he could tip over the edge from that alone, and maybe he
* * *
And if Dean truly doesn’t have an issue with it, if this is something of an open secret between them, one they’ve at least addressed enough to know it doesn’t stem from a troubling place, then… Castiel’s staring to wonder what the harm is in indulging. If the opportunity keeps presenting itself, he’s not sure how long he can last without taking it.
. They don’t sound like much of an invitation, right now.
—” crying out, nearly frantic when Cas complies. Dean’s not usually this vocal, used to hiding or playing it cool about how into this he is. But that’s what got them into trouble in the first place – maybe Dean could stand to let go a little too.
Dean almost chokes on his tongue, a strangled noise escaping his throat voluntarily. “Oh for fuck’s—” Like, come on, seriously, is this a joke or something?
Dean’s hands are shaking as he reaches for the bottle and uncaps it, coating his fingers sloppily before abandoning it, still open and likely oozing onto the bedding, but he couldn’t care less right now. He inches his feet further apart, all too aware of how exposed he is like this, and reaches between his spread legs, barely stopping to circle the sensitive skin with one finger before pushing inside.
So when they do end up at a bar with Scott, Dean can’t help but wonder how exactly they got here – and what exactly Cas has planned. Because he knows Cas by now; Dean hasn’t figured out what it is yet, but Cas had a reason for choosing this option.
“None of your business, Sammy,” Dean replies, voice muffled through the packet of Pop-Tarts he shoved into his mouth when he realized his hands were full.
Afterwards, right as they’re about to drift off, Dean asks, “Did you like it, Cas? Before?” just a whisper into the scant space between them.
things he’s been itching for that Cas hasn’t brought up, might not ever even attempt if Dean doesn’t intervene.
be worried about replenishing their shared supply so they don’t go completely broke, but he makes no promises not to pocket whatever he earns and spend it all spoiling himself and Cas. More drinks would be nice, for starters, or they could even go somewhere nice for dinner, like – like a real
“God,” Sam says, rolling his eyes. “I don’t want to know, do I?”
, doesn’t get greedy with it and try to take more than what he’s given. It’s not easy for Dean to follow through with that demand, vibrating with impatience as Cas fucks his mouth almost lazily, doing his absolute best to hold himself in check until Cas spills down his throat.
, Your Highness,” he drawls. He gives her an exaggerated smooch on the cheek, and then another, and another, until he’s obnoxiously peppering her face with kisses. “You’re so kind and smart and pretty and—”
“Anyway,” Dean says, cutting Castiel off before he can stumble through some sort of apology. “I’m pretty tired.”
“We can leave if you want,” Charlie offers gently. “I don’t wanna make you stay if it’s too weird for you. But I remember what it was like when I was in your shoes, learning how
And he’s not letting Dean push
Castiel longs to reach out to him, to fix things, but he’s deterred by the defiance in Dean’s eyes, the bluntness of his words.
“I’ll tell you,” Dean says, too quick. He appreciates the concern, but all he wants is for Cas to keep going. “Just— Please—” Cas has to trust him too, that he’ll communicate what he needs to.
Dean can’t keep it together sometimes, when he’s on the other side of things, loses himself so completely in the way Cas takes him apart, can’t do much more than hang on for the ride. He’s more present this way, able drink in the look of bliss on Cas’s face, his parted lips, the hint of a grin still lingering at the corners, his body firm and
“You just gonna stand there and
rising within him and
Dean cuts off abruptly at the sound of Sam swinging the motel door open. He huffs out a shaky laugh and doesn’t say anything else, another inscrutable look on his face as he claps Castiel on the arm, an ostensibly friendly gesture that lingers then slips away, quick but almost reluctant, as Sam joins them.
Cas shoots him a funny look. “This is reality,” he says, expression of confusion taken over by dawning concern. “Unless you don’t want it to be.”
But his mind wanders as he drives, falling into uncharacteristic silence, pondering the state of this
what’s bothering me? Why would I have been avoiding you if I thought you’d
look, but Dean just shrugs. “Lotsa monsters out there,” he agrees. “Duty calls.” He makes a point to sound apologetic, kinda hoping it’ll bug Cas just a little bit more if it sounds like Dean’s just too busy with his very important work to spend the night with her, rather than uninterested or already spoken for.
Cas turns to him at last, and
wants it, instead of entertaining Rhonda’s whims. “…In a good way, though,” he adds, reminding himself that the thudding of his heart, the tension settling in his belly, are only part of what makes this so rewarding in the end.
, exactly. Maybe he just needs to take another shot at uh, getting it out of his system.
things have been… strained.”
“Morning, Cas.” Dean shifts around so he look up at Cas. “You feeling okay today? Didn’t go overboard last night, did you?”
“All the more reason we don’t want our asses plastered all over the internet,” Dean says, as if that explains anything. He honestly doesn’t know what the repercussions would be in terms of them posing as FBI for cases. He’s more focused on the personal humiliation aspect, for the time being.
, and god knows he’s not one for taking initiative when it comes to talking about personal stuff, but it’s just… it’s exciting, like they’re on the precipice of something, and it feels weird and scary and
“Damn, Cas,” Dean says with a self-conscious chuckle, finally letting his hand fall away. “You been working out or something?” he asks, and immediately winces. If he’d been trying to run his mouth to distract from the way he was practically
But even then, when Cas herds Dean up onto the mattress, Dean’s expected not to squirm, not to thrust down against the bedding, not to arch up into the touch of Cas’s mouth along his shoulders, down his back and lower.
“A tease, huh?” Dean grins at him. “C’mon, Cas, you know I always follow through.”
have happened, before Castiel found the fortitude to control himself.
*   *   *
In another lifetime, before he and Cas were a
it, and Castiel’s greedy for the way he’s putting himself in Castiel’s hands, looking flushed and almost dazed, torn between letting his eyelids flutter closed and watching Castiel with rapt attention.
As if on cue, Dean hears footsteps outside his open bedroom door. He lifts his head off the pillow just in time to see Cas walking past with nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist, apparently fresh from a shower himself.
Dean knows what that means, hours upon hours of thorough exploring and experimenting and yeah, he likes the sound of that. “We’ll get there,” he promises. “Now are you gonna come help us out with this case, or what?”
pretty strong to begin with.
Dean can’t stand it any longer. He reaches out and pulls Cas’s face towards his, letting out a satisfied groan when their lips meet.
Charlie reaches out and squeezes his hand again. “Well, it hurts when people wanna hate you for who you are. It
, I don’t know where it came from,” he says, almost panicked and
, and he feels a possessive flare of lust at the idea, one he now knows complements Dean’s own desires. Castiel eyes a lovebite near Dean’s shoulder, mind suddenly taken back to the handprint he’d once left. He hadn’t meant to stake a claim of any kind at the time, but he finds himself missing its presence. He wonders if Dean does too.
“Not as nice out as I thought,” he complains when they step inside, pulling his jacket tighter around himself.
Castiel stops immediately. “Are you all right?”
That’s always intriguing, Dean’s desire to prove himself and accept everything Castiel has to give. “I know,” Castiel reassures him. It’s surprising how much Dean asks him for sometimes, that he wants his limits tested, likes it when Castiel isn’t as gentle with him. He likes the gentleness too, of course. Castiel’s partial to both himself. It’s mystifying how that works – they seem contradictory, but each has its own undefinable appeal.
Dean walks away victorious with a nice wad of cash, sauntering over to the bartender and slapping a few bills on the counter. He can feel Cas’s eyes on him, but he keeps his own gaze trained steadily ahead. In his periphery he sees Cas rise to his feet and step away from the bar, and Dean takes his drink and settles in, ready to observe as Cas takes his turn, not even exchanging a word. Lately they’ve been in the habit of pretending not to know each other when they’re out like this, looking to make a few bucks – they’re less suspicious, less likely to attract negative attention for cleaning the place out if they work more discreetly, separately.
“You mean like a monster or something?” Sam asks. Dean was hoping Sam would take the nerd-bait and dive into research mode, but he doesn’t even look up from his laptop, the twerp.
Castiel looks on, enraptured, as Dean flips open the lid, slight tremor in his hands, slicking up a finger and reaching down between his spread legs. He draws a few teasing circles before he slowly slipping it inside himself, eyelids fluttering, cheeks pink. He’s so
Dean will never understand how Cas can pack so much sincerity into those two words. “That’s…” Dean swallows. “That’ll work then.” It’s probably okay for tonight. “For now,” he adds, unsure of where this boldness is coming from, his fantasies spiraling out of control now. A proper “safeword” doesn’t feel totally necessary at this juncture, but he’s compelled by the idea that it could be, that Cas could get him to a place where it all gets so overwhelming that he could mistake pleasure for discomfort, that he might hiss out a
about it.” He scoffs again, makes no attempt to mask his disgust. “But that’s how it is with your type, ain’t it? Always with the dramatics.”
Castiel lets his hand rest low on Dean’s stomach, sliding over the temptingly bare spot where his shirt’s ridden up. He knows that Dean is awake too – knows from the outward physical signs, the way he stirs slightly, the rhythm of his breath faltering before evening out. But he knows it on a deeper level too, the part of him that’s still an angel and in tune with these things, especially with Dean.
kind of trouble, but Dean’s not optimistic about his odds at the moment. Cas crosses his arms and Dean’s attention is helplessly drawn to the way his biceps flex, pulling the fabric of his sleeves taut – god, that’s one of Dean’s old shirts, and it actually looks a little tight on Cas, which is so unfair on so many levels. Dean tears his gaze away and catches the tiny smirk on Cas’s lips, realizing Dean’s distraction may have been intentional. That sneaky bastard.
Once the thought entered his mind, he was determined to dissect it, to parse it into tangible pieces: the way his heart pounds when Dean comes into a room, the pleasant flutter in his stomach when he makes Dean laugh or smile. The abject terror that overwhelms him if Dean’s in danger.
“You should fuck me,” he says before he can change his mind, licking his lips and holding Cas’s gaze.
She hums an affirmative that Dean
Dean feels an absurd sense of loss just from Cas walking out of the room.
Dean bites back a whimper at the sound of his name, arousal suddenly spiking. It startles him out of his rhythm and he scrambles to pick it back up again, eyes opening and seeking out Cas’s face.
“Feels good, Cas,” Dean breathes, so quiet and slurred with pleasure that Castiel almost misses it. “You feel so good.”
picky. The time when he would’ve been right there with Charlie, ready to throw out a cheesy line, feels like a damn lifetime ago. And he can’t lie, he doesn’t miss it. “Well, you’ve got good taste.”
Castiel doesn’t dignify that remark with a response, still transfixed by the sight of that lingering reminder of what they just did. He could get rid of them, of course, have Dean’s skin pure and unblemished again in an instant, but… maybe only if Dean specifically asks him to. He can admit he likes the idea of leaving a bit of
Dean gets the sense that Cas is leaving the ball in his court. Dean could follow his base lust right now, and he’s certain Cas would readily accompany him down that path, but he’s already made his decision. And if this shower is really not going to lead to anything other than showering, Dean figures he might as well do just that.
Dean glares. “I know that, asshole. This is different. It just keeps
“Cas,” Dean gasps, sounding strained, and Castiel’s concerned for only a second before he realizes that Dean’s just pleading with him to get on with it.
Dean’s laid bare in every sense of the word, Cas touching him reverently, murmuring his name with utter adoration. This is it, Dean realizes, the sense of fulfillment and contentment that he was missing, that he thought he could only have in his dreams – and he’s gotta say, with Cas’s mouth on his, his words of praise hot in Dean’s ear, their bodies intertwined, fantasy’s got nothing on the real thing.
“It would take a lot more than that to dissuade me,” Cas says.
more than anything. He leans back and picks up his pace again when Cas starts to squirm impatiently, and Dean can’t help eyeing the mess on Cas’s hand until he lifts his fingers towards Dean’s mouth. Dean takes them in eagerly, licks them clean, shuddering in filthy enjoyment at the taste, the pads of Cas’s fingers pressing down on his tongue. He feels himself approaching the precipice, his deliberate thrusts stuttering, turning frantic. “Fuck,” he hisses when Cas’s fingers slip free, “
When they turn in for the evening, Cas is settling in the bedroom while Dean shuts himself in the bathroom, brushing his teeth far longer than necessary, mind working overtime wondering what’ll be different about tonight. If anything.
Dean tries to ease Cas’s (not totally unfounded) concern by taking initiative, trying to convey his assent despite the way his hands are actually
“I mean,” she says eventually, “I’ll be honest, I’m not
There’s still a part of Dean that doesn’t think of himself as the settling down type, but if there was ever anything to prove what total bullshit that is, it’s how he feels about having Cas beside him right now – and, well, probably forever.
As he lets his hand flop back onto the mattress and his heart rate settles, reality starts to set in. “Fuck,” he mutters again, feeling his skin flushing from embarrassment instead of arousal because shit, what the hell is going on with him? It’s not like he’s never had an unexpected, slightly baffling sex dream before, but these are about
At a rest stop in Ohio, Dean disappears for a few minutes while they’re waiting in line for food. He returns with a shopping bag, looking smug. “Look what I bought,” he announces, holding out a coffee mug with
He reaches for Dean’s hand and moves it away from his face, lacing their fingers together, and presses it down beside Dean’s head. Dean’s eyes flutter open and Castiel is lost in them, glazed over but watching Castiel raptly too, shining with interest when Castiel groans, bites his lip. He takes Castiel’s face between his hands and pulls him down to kiss him. Castiel can tell how badly he needs that intimate contact, is glad he takes it for himself. Castiel doesn’t want to deny him anything, but he’s so focused on the task at hand, self-control fraying with each passing second. He’s accustomed to keeping his strength in check, but he’s never felt such a strain on that before. It’s hard to rein in these urges now that he’s been allowed to explore them.
Dean gasps at Cas’s touch, relief and
imagining it almost non-stop since he gave Cas the green light, practically giddy with anticipation, desperate to see what Cas is capable of when he breaks free of the boundaries of civility and gives in to that unbridled intensity that comes to him so naturally. Dean can’t fucking wait for the next time someone looks at him funny.
“We’re on our
Cas tastes like rum and cloves and he
it so much, even without any X-rated scenes to offset how sickeningly romantic it was.
“I don’t recall,” Cas replies, expression calculating, letting a few beats of silence pass. “He’s just… a
Castiel pointedly leaves another love bite on Dean’s thigh before shifting back up so they’re face to face. “Don’t rush me,” he murmurs into Dean’s ear, tugging his hair in playful chastisement. It’s not an actual reprimand, but Castiel never fails to be enthralled by the way that makes Dean break out in goosebumps, a flush starting high on his cheeks and spreading down to his chest.
Dean doesn’t know how long Cas plans on avoiding him. He could come strolling into the room at any moment and oh, shit, Dean kind of
Castiel squints at the screen. “…So we should skip it?”
, the person he gets to be – the person he actually is – when he’s allowed to put his guard down. He wakes up smiling, reaching for Castiel instead of reaching for a weapon.
He lets his hands and mouth continue to wander, mesmerized by the sight of Dean so aroused beneath him. He snakes a hand down Dean’s abdomen to touch him properly, thrill by how hard he is in Castiel’s grasp, by the urgent noise he makes when Castiel gives him a few firm strokes.
“Good for you,” Sam replies with a tight smile, bordering on a grimace. “Could you at least put some music on, or—”
It doesn’t take much for Cas to go rigid, biting Dean’s shoulder, groaning through his own climax with a few frantic snaps of his hips, filling Dean up just the way he wanted.
Dean, and he must hesitate a second too long, because Dean pipes up and breaks him out of his trance.
“Oh, no,” Dean fires back, pointing an accusing finger at Cas. “You ain’t getting rid of me that easy.”
Cas hitches him higher, pulls him closer so he can circle his tongue around each of Dean’s nipples in turn, taking them into his mouth and biting down until Dean cries out, pitching forward and bracing himself against the backrest. Dean leans in for more kisses, Cas’s arms wrapping around him more securely, holding him in place as he languidly pushes his cock inside, steals the breath from Dean’s lungs.
Cas lets out a pleased hum and leans in to kiss him on the mouth again. “We did,” he says with a faint smirk as he abandons his gentle teasing in favor of a rough pinch. “That was the first time I got to touch you like this.”
“Cas?”
So he did what he usually does and dragged Cas out here, claiming he’d found a job. Except, well, maybe he wasn’t being entirely truthful about that. Sure, a couple of unexplained disappearances always has the potential to be
When they look at each other again, Dean’s more awake, the expression on his face inscrutable. Castiel freezes, afraid of ruining the moment, equally wary of pushing too far and of pulling away from what could be a long-awaited opportunity.
Cas leans forward and kisses him.
Castiel can’t resist letting his fingers brush Dean’s face, thumbing at the stretched corner of Dean’s lips, ghosting along his cheek and sliding into his hair – petting gently, at first, then winding into the strands, drawing a whimper from Dean.
Victory is a heady feeling, one Dean will never tire of, no matter how many times he experiences it anew.
in Cas’s kiss, Dean can’t pretend otherwise anymore, can’t help but greedily soak it up either, revel in it and repay it in turn instead of convincing himself he doesn’t deserve it. If he gets to wake up with Cas in his bed like this, touching him gently and looking at him like he’s something precious, he must have done
“Would you like that?” Cas prompts him after a few beats of silence.
“True,” Castiel considers aloud, undoubtedly interested in what he and Dean could do if they stay inside. “But we could do it anyway.”
with Dean, nestled under the blankets, dressed down to what Dean has deemed an appropriate level of comfortable.
He’s not usually fluent in the dirty talk, despite his bravado and tendency to run his mouth, but he might have to do it more often if this is the effect it has on Cas, scraping his teeth along his shoulder, driving into him harder and more sloppily than ever.
The problem in the first place was that Cas’s jealousy was strong and he’d had no practice at handling it like a semi-rational person. Now he’s had plenty of practice. He wasn’t coping with his feelings well, and Dean went and gave him a vital tool for doing just that. It’s starting to sink in for Dean that it doesn’t matter whether Cas has Dean’s blessing or not, or if Cas feels freer to ‘express himself’ than he did before: This stuff just doesn’t get to him the way it used to. It’s not that Cas doesn’t have to try so hard to contain himself because Dean told him it was okay, he just literally
“Yeah, I heard you the first twelve times,” he grumbles under his breath.
, Dean’s ready to get this show on the road.
He just has to cross his fingers that it’ll be soon. Because every time they do this, every time he experiences the addictive rush of Cas desiring him so fiercely and unapologetically staking his claim, the whole
, how lucky is Dean that this is what Cas chooses to apply his skills to nowadays.
Looks like he doesn’t need to get into the sordid details for her to know what he’s getting at. Should he be scared that she can read his mind? Between her and Cas he’s got no damn secrets left. Then again, maybe that’s not such a bad thing. Keeping everything locked up tight gets exhausting.
we’re also not gonna throw down every time some pissant gets hammered and starts talkin’ smack.” Dean sneaks a glance at Cas, finds him frowning. Dean sighs. “It’s not worth it.”
Wait.
Castiel quirks an eyebrow, a smirk threatening to form on his face. “Watch over you, of course,” he replies, hoping his tone is flippant enough for the sentiment to pass as a joke.
Dean’s enjoying the chance to take advantage of their extended solitude. There’s a heat behind each kiss that Dean definitely wants to explore, but they’re still feeling it out. And despite Dean’s eagerness he actually doesn’t mind going slow – not because either of them has to, but just because they can. They’ll get there, and everything before that point is basically… really drawn-out foreplay. That concept is a complete novelty to Dean, and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t kinda fucking thrilled by it. He’s never really had the luxury before.
*   *   *
He understands how much physical affection means to Dean – it’s easier for him, simpler to process and reciprocate – but he’s amazed by the intimacy Dean allows, that he thrives on, beyond what Castiel would have thought to expect.
He knows he’s pushed Cas away so many times, and he just hopes it’s not too late to pull him back, that he hasn’t fucked everything up beyond repair. But Cas has never given up on him entirely, and that, at least, is an encouraging thought. Dean doesn’t know what he’s done to deserve Cas’s devotion, but he’s over trying to fight it, wants to show Cas that his affections aren’t misplaced. He’s just gotta figure out how.
Sam sighs. “He said he was
Dean expects Cas to cover his mouth to muffle his moans, the way they’ve had to do in the past, the way that gives Dean a secret little thrill, but instead two of Cas’s thick fingers slip past his lips. Cas may have initiated it but Dean’s the one who eagerly sucks them into his mouth, probably not doing much to quiet him down with the way he whimpers around them, loving the feel of Cas’s calloused fingers pressing down on his tongue, filling him up.
Dean swallows hard. He knows she’s mostly joking, but the question hits close to home. Dean’s never really examined things with Cas in exactly those terms, but now that he has, the answer is ridiculously obvious.
So lately, he’s been cutting corners to save energy: taking the car instead of zapping off to their destinations, letting their less life-threatening injuries heal the old-fashioned way, keeping up with basic hygiene like the rest of the mere mortals. Sleep, that’s a thing Cas does now too, and though he frames it like a strictly utilitarian tactic, Dean suspects he just likes turning his brain off for a few hours like everybody else. Finding Cas napping on the couch was downright jarring the first time. Dean figured if Cas was gonna be conking out randomly, he might as well have his own place to do it. Dean needs to sit on that sofa.
until he gets his hands on Dean properly, re-asserts his place in Dean’s life and demonstrates exactly what he has to offer. At that point, any hope he had of hiding what’s on his mind, of pretending to not be bothered by even the simplest offenses, slips away completely.
Cas smiles, tender and delighted, and it’s easy enough for him to slick himself up and push inside, hot and unyielding and right where Dean wants him. The stretch is exquisite, oh so gratifying even without the immediate promise of orgasm, and Dean’s heart pounds knowing how good it is for Cas, thrilled to be a part of that.
of it, his own hands on his slick, bare skin. Falling for Dean had proven that he wasn’t as numb to emotional needs as he’d initially thought; more recently, he’s discovered he’s not immune to physical needs either.
Castiel happily complies, sliding forward the slightest bit and then a little bit further, trying not to succumb to the overwhelming sensation of having Dean like this.
Dean rode shotgun on the way over – criticizing Charlie’s music for the whole drive and trying to fuck with the dials no matter how many times she slapped his hand away – but now following Cas into the backseat seems like the obvious choice. He knows he’s made the right decision when he’s pulled into another kiss almost as soon as the door closes behind him.
“It bothers
With nothing else keeping them here, Dean’s quick to suggest that they make their way back down the mountain. It’s a more leisurely trek on the way down – Dean’s exhausted but he doesn’t feel like he’s about to keel over anymore – and they speed things up by cutting through the trees instead of following the trail.
surging through him at the sensation of skin on skin. He stretches a hand out behind him, fumbling for Cas’s belt and tugging at it until Cas gets the hint and unbuckles, lets Dean help him shove his pants down his thighs. They’re
, his words falling on deaf ears.
Even so, he dresses and saunters into the kitchen for food more confidently than he has in weeks because he figures, hey, how much worse can things possibly get?
For a moment they just look at one another, clearly unsure how to begin. Dean cuts into the silence with a self-conscious chuckle. “So are you gonna ask me for my safeword or something, Mr. Expert?” he teases, needs to lessen the tension a little, even if it’s the
What Dean seems not to realize – what Castiel has obviously failed to make clear – is how much Castiel would prefer to never leave his side. Business simply takes him elsewhere, sometimes, but he spends all his time away longing to return, to be where he really wants to be.
For a while, Dean does whatever he can to clear his head – watches Game of Thrones, cleans his weapons, fruitlessly scours the internet for a job – but eventually he realizes his mistake in sequestering himself in his bedroom with only his thoughts for company.
Dean stares at him for a second before breaking into a wide grin. “That’s so cool,” he gushes, gratified when the compliment makes Cas smile too. And as much as Dean pokes fun at people for being
Dean stays behind to clean up, stacking up plates and glasses, piling them into the sink for tomorrow. It’s
“Yeah,” Dean says, swallowing past a lump in his throat. “Me neither.”
“Love watching you come. Love feeling it when I’m inside you,” Cas practically growls, diving in for a kiss that’s deeper and more aggressive than anything so far, but still a far cry from what Cas is capable of. “You’re so beautiful when you let go, so amazingly gorgeous when you succumb to pleasure. I’ll never get tired of it.”
Not until he met Dean, anyway. Castiel’s comment about how this wouldn’t be a problem if Dean weren’t so attractive wasn’t entirely a joke or flirtation. There’s just something about Dean that draws people in—his eyes, his smile, the way he can be magnetically personable and charming, especially when he wants to be. Every so often, Castiel wonders if passersby are genuinely helpless to resist Dean, just as he’s always been himself, and perhaps he can’t really hold it against them if they fall a little bit in love the moment they meet him; a split second later his higher reason gives way to pettiness and he decides that no, he absolutely
Dean laughs even louder this time. “Don’t you dare.”
orgasms out of him in the space of a couple hours. Dean’s a sobbing wreck by the end of it, almost in more discomfort than pleasure but absolutely loving it either way, and Cas is angling for one more round, but Dean’s got to call it off for real this time. Dean’s in disbelief that he managed to even make it to this point, shaking from overstimulation, muscles still twitching.
“I could certainly eat,” Cas says with a casual enthusiasm that makes Dean chuckle.
with him for the night, but he’s not sure if this is part of it, making him wait here by himself, filthy and vulnerable, or if he’s just taking a moment to cater to Dean’s fastidious side before they continue.
“Yes,” Cas says again, voice almost infuriatingly neutral.
Dean laughs again and twists in Castiel’s hold, playfully pushing him away. “Go drink your coffee before you pass out on me.”
To Castiel’s surprise, Dean’s feeling forward enough to scoot closer, letting his head rest against Castiel’s thigh. Castiel reaches out tentatively, slowed by lingering fear that he may be crossing a line, but they both sigh in relief once his hand settles on Dean’s head, tenderly stroking his hair.
Dean takes a moment to reflect on how human that complaint is, before reaching out warily to take the remote.
Okay, yeah, so maybe Dean does have kind of a
Dean follows Cas’s line of sight, and sure enough, there’s a cave visible through the trees, the kind of place a monster might lurk in. But at the moment, Dean’s more taken aback by the feeling of Cas’s hand on him. It’s only a casual, friendly gesture, the kind that used to not mean anything – or at least that’s what Dean always told himself. But now just the idea of Cas touching him is rendering him stupid, mouth dry and palms sweaty. “Yeah,” he says after a suspiciously long pause, finally managing to snap himself out of it. “Let’s check it out.”
“Well,
beneath Dean’s. He’s rocking forward to meet Dean’s careful thrusts, broad hands roaming Dean’s skin, combing through his hair and slipping down his back.
Cas pulls back, still affectionately running his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Are you warmer now?”
Dean takes a moment to compose himself. Not that he needs to compose himself, of course. Nothing weird about that encounter at all. Just business as usual.
nervous as he sets the dripping plate aside without drying it, wiping his hands on his jeans (even though the towel is
Cas is quiet for a second, maybe allowing Dean the chance to explain himself. When Dean doesn’t, Cas’s frown deepens. “Who was that?”
Cas doesn’t answer him, just quirks an eyebrow in a way that Dean’s getting better at reading, but this is untested territory. He’s probably gauging Dean’s reaction, and he’s not sure what Cas is hoping for, but he can’t contain the kneejerk pang of jealousy, that sneaky sense of insecurity that takes over swiftly without his permission.
“Awesome,” Dean says around a yawn, eyelids drooping as if his sleepiness is hitting him all at once now that Castiel has given him permission to feel it.
Castiel is undoubtedly open to trying it again. Often enough he’ll be the one to bring these things up so Dean doesn’t have to – that always seems to be much more of an undertaking for Dean. Castiel has no issue with asserting his interest if it can help put Dean at ease with his own. But Dean’s surprised him this time. The fact that Dean was willing to broach the topic on his own says a lot, not just about his personal growth, but also how profoundly the idea still appealed to him.
If Cas has picked up on how weird Dean is being, he mercifully doesn’t let on. He sort of shrugs, and Dean’s eyes are helplessly drawn to how his shirt buttons strain at the movement. “I can’t rely on my grace to maintain this vessel anymore,” he says, glancing down at his body, prompting Dean to do the same again, which—nope, bad idea, keep your eyes to yourself, Dean. “I have to put in some of the work myself to take care of it.”
Then he settles back onto the pillows and gathers Dean in his arms, Dean curling into him readily, burying his face against Castiel’s chest. Castiel has missed this, was denied this intimacy, one he especially favors, the last time they were together. He feels a surge of pride and relief that Dean feels comfortable enough to do this.
, to push harder, wring every ounce of pleasure he can out of Dean, leave him a spent, shaking mess. Those thoughts alarm him sometimes, always aware of the otherworldly strength he possesses, constantly fighting to keep it in check, especially as he gives himself over to this, as he does ever more easily each time. The carnal sensations are enjoyable but oh,
, and something about your dreams must have called to me, so—”
Castiel knows he’s not imaging the fact that something feels different between the two of them once they get back to the bunker. He misses it shamefully, the convenient excuse he had when they were on the road to spend as much time with Dean as possible, that unspoken intimacy that came with Castiel maintaining a steady presence even while Dean slept.
“Dean? I thought I might go start the coffee.”
Dean’s definitely experienced a weird sort of catharsis, there’s no doubt about that. And being fucked so good he came all over himself untouched probably has a lot to do with that, leaving him wrung out but pleasantly drained, hopeful on the other side of it. He blushes at the memory, squirming in his seat. God, he can still feel Cas inside him.
“This one’s free,” Dean says, gesturing stiffly to one of the spare bedrooms. It’s not much in the way of décor or amenities, though Cas isn’t known for being picky about that kind of thing. What it does have is four walls and a decent mattress, which makes it pretty damn good in Dean’s opinion. It’s also two doors down from Dean’s, not that he’s keeping track. “You know,” he mumbles, as Cas steps inside and looks around. “If you want it.”
Dean continues. “Guess we’ll find out, huh?” he says with a too-loud laugh, pulling out his cell phone.
Right, saving the mojo for emergencies. Looks like an emergency came up. Cas would’ve been a lot worse off if he’d spent energy patching up minor lacerations, no doubt, though the thought of that makes Dean’s stomach turn.
“Right,” Dean says awkwardly, too quick. “It just— it kinda sounded like you were asking me to—”
all day, the kind where every time he glances in Dean’s direction it sends a tingle up his spine – lingering, heated looks that seem to promise
awesome,” Dean fires back, feeling slightly idiotic but not caring one bit. He darts in for a kiss before his loses his nerve. It’s pretty tame, although not exactly graceful, and he breaks away almost as soon as he started. Yeah, that was definitely fun. When is kissing Cas ever
Cas tenses for a second and Dean knows he’s about to get what he wants, whimpers in desperation when Cas starts to come. Dean shudders at the feeling of Cas’s cock pumping inside him, hot and wet, filthy and wrong and he fucking
It’s definitely the best Christmas he’s had in as long as he can remember, good food and drinks with the people he cares about most. They even catch a showing of the Grinch while they’re relaxing and channel surfing, Charlie treating them to a tipsy rendition of the musical numbers. It’s not much longer before she’s conked out against Dean’s shoulder and Sam offers to get her to bed. “Santa?” she mumbles as Sam helps her off the couch.
“Let me talk to the guys in security and see what I can do. I won’t be long,” she says, walking off with a smile and a sway.
“Good?” Cas asks, pausing to knead the sensitive flesh with his fingers, soothing the sting and aggravating it all at once, his other hand between Dean’s shoulder blades, keeping him anchored.
But Cas just frowns, gaze dropping to the ground for a moment before rising to meet Dean’s. “If I crossed a line the other night,” he says, careful but resolute, “Then I apologize.”
He’s never really thought about it that way. Then again, whatever experience he does have with those kinds of places is a far cry from what Charlie’s describing. Those were different circumstances, and he can’t say that his memories of those excursions are completely positive. He can’t recall one instance where he wasn’t just…
Cas teases a fourth finger alongside the others; he hesitates in a silent question, proceeds when Dean sighs
At first, Cas has Dean do the work, pressing forward, taking Cas as deep as he can go, cock aching in sympathy each time he slides Cas into his mouth. Then Cas takes over, setting the pace, gently holding Dean’s head in place and thrusting inside at his leisure and
Dean lets a beat pass, waiting for more, but Cas stays silent. “That’s it? Not gonna give me the technical term this time?” he teases.
Whoa, okay.
, and it’s almost always amazing – the insidious hints of doubt get blown out of proportion when they manage to sneak in.
“Do you need a break?” Cas asks, pausing to run his hand over the crown of Dean’s head. Dean twists around enough to look at Cas, and he can see the concern there, the tips of his fingers wandering down to brush away the tears on Dean’s cheeks.
Whatever jokey intent Dean had with that comment instantly evaporates under the heat of Cas’s gaze and the sentiment of his words. It’s not like he didn’t kind of know that already, but the spoken confirmation still makes him shiver, Cas’s open admission of those feelings putting a pleasant warmth in Dean’s stomach.
After he’s clean and dressed, he trudges back to his room and flops back onto his bed, distraught, wishing he could have a do-over on today—or the last several weeks, ideally.
It’s not like he regrets it, exactly – nothing to complain about, in his opinion – but it’s bound to open up a lot of uncertainty going forward.
“You’re so lovely,” Cas sighs with a faint smile on his face, tracing Dean’s cheekbone with the pad of his thumb.
Dean pulls back and raises an eyebrow, obviously picking up on the light note of teasing in Castiel’s voice, but his unimpressed look almost immediately softens. “You did too though, right?”
Dean’s jaw tightens, and Castiel braces himself for the inevitable bull-headed protestation. But almost immediately Dean seems to relent, his expression softening as he pushes a book towards Castiel.
Dean complies, another low whine escaping his throat at the burn, grip tight on his cock, moving faster now. Cas doesn’t try to slow him down this time.
But then, of course, there’s the fact that Dean
Cas barely takes a moment to collect himself before he’s shifting further down Dean’s body again, stretching out on top of him. One large hand rests firm and reassuring as he cradles the back of Dean’s neck, leaning down to kiss him filthily. Dean’s crazy for the taste of Cas on
Cas shifts his hips just the slightest bit then, reminding Dean how closely they’re pressed together, the sensation on his neglected erection surprising and intense.
they’d be that way, though he had some suspicions based on compelling evidence. Now he knows that any inklings he might’ve had were spot on but fell comically short of how good the reality would be. He also wasn’t sure how interested Cas was in this kinda stuff in general, but he should’ve known better than to underestimate Cas’s interest where Dean is concerned.
,” he concludes, a giddy laugh bubbling up from his throat.
Castiel can’t help but smile, warm with the knowledge that Dean seems to like being affectionate with him too. He pours Dean’s coffee and sets it in front of him, pleased with himself for not having to ask how Dean takes it. Castiel pays attention to those things, is even more dedicated to that now that he can picture the life they’ll spend together. He covets every potential piece of knowledge, wants to know everything he can do to make Dean happy. The most amazing discovery he’s made is that it seems like just being here is enough for Dean.
As enjoyable as their time is spent indoors, when it’s bright and sunny enough for it to be worth going outside, they try to take advantage of it, bringing their coffee out to the porch swing one afternoon. It’s still a bit cold, enough to justify bringing a blanket, and Castiel smiles to himself at how readily Dean moves in close once they spread it over themselves.
Dean almost chokes on his drink. Cas doesn’t swear a lot (outside of the bedroom, anyway) but he sure knows how to use those words for maximum impact when he does. And yeah, Cas has a couple of beers in him by now so he’s
he is – and smirks in Dean’s direction. “Would you like a shower?” he offers.
Cas can say this kinda stuff more easily, but most of the time he doesn’t even have to. He just looks at Dean in a certain way – like right now, eyes fond, fingertips gentle on Dean’s cheek – that means
the way Dean pants and whimpers, swears and gasps Castiel’s name against his skin, hips twitching frantically before he tenses on a punched-out groan, rides it out with slow rocking motions before stopping altogether.
,” Dean gasps, letting out a sob when Cas stops, much closer to the precipice than the first time. Cas gives him a minute to breathe, kissing his temple and stroking his hair.
“Awesome,” Dean says with a grin when Cas reaches him, hand warm on Dean’s lower back. “Thanks.” He presses a kiss to Cas’s cheek, feels Cas’s smile beneath his lips before he even sees it.
“I know. It doesn’t mean we have to put up with it.”
,” he moans, burying his face in his folded arms again, shamelessly rocking his hips as Cas gives his ass another squeeze, chasing the pressure beneath him, arching into Cas’s hand. His touch is almost blisteringly intense now – Dean can feel every rough callous and something in him breaks in the best possible way, his vision blurring, cheeks damp, nearly out of his mind with it when Cas’s palm comes down hard on the oversensitive skin of his upper thigh.
Cas snorts. "Don't play dumb with me," he says. "You're too smart for me to buy it."
. “We could really use some help with this case,” he says, changing tack. “You think you could meet up with us? I hate to ask, I know things have been, uh… kinda weird between us.”
, but in Dean’s opinion, it’s just as likely to be some lightweight teenagers getting shit-faced in the woods and stumbling into a ditch.
“The best,” Cas agrees vaguely with a lazy grin, and while Dean’s sure he’s sincere, at the moment he seems more preoccupied with getting his mouth on Dean’s again.
I hope this chapter caused less anguish than the last two!
They zig-zag their way out to the east coast, and it’s a much more leisurely trip than Castiel’s grown accustomed to. They spend far more time exploring tourist destinations or seeking out hidden gems of American culture far off the beaten path – places they’d only ever discover in pursuit of a hostile abomination or restless spirit, never for their own enjoyment.
They join Jones and examine the car, taking a close look at the surroundings, although there isn’t much to see. A disappearance could be caused by any number of things out here by the water – water wraith, kelpie, even a straggler leviathan – but there’s nothing that looks off to Dean, no traces of anything sinister, human or otherwise.
It takes some maneuvering and improvisation before they manage to make that happen. Dean’s stripped down to his socks, but Cas is still mostly dressed, shirt hanging off his arms, fly unzipped. He still has his damn boots on, watching with that same lazy self-satisfaction as Dean slowly sinks down on his cock, humming in approval when Dean rises up and pushes down again, builds up a rhythm. Dean meets his eye, not forgetting Cas’s challenge. If Cas wants to see some riding, Dean’s happy to oblige.
going on here. “Why do you care, anyway? This is actually helpful for us.”
If Cas is thrown off by the question, he doesn’t let on. “That won’t be necessary. Not tonight,” he replies smoothly. “I had no particular number in mind,” he admits. “I thought we would keep going until one of us is ready to stop.”
Dean glances at Cas again, stomach twisting pleasantly as his plan starts to come together. This might not qualify as a “good” idea by most definitions, but that’s not about to stop him. Hell, the precariousness of his next steps is probably what makes them so appealing, the unpredictability intriguing rather than deterring him.
he’s after, Dean’ll give him one. Cas is looking at him expectantly, and, well, Dean doesn’t like to disappoint.
“Always.”
“Hey, let me buy you one,” Scott cuts in, leaning close to Dean, fingers curling around Dean’s forearm.
Castiel leans in and kisses Dean, slow and thorough, humming contentedly as their lips meet. He stays close when he draws back, still cradling Dean’s face in his hands, thumbs tracing his lower lip, his cheekbones. “I like making you feel good,” he says, responding to Dean’s question, if not exactly answering it. He suspects it was mostly rhetorical anyway. “The way your body fits against mine, the way you moan for me. It’s a thrill to watch you fall apart, Dean,” he says heatedly, reveling in the spark of desire evident in Dean’s eyes. “I like knowing I was the one to do that.”
Cas’s fingers graze Dean’s nipples and he sucks in a breath in response, realizing he needs to stop Cas before he gets too worked up. He’s too anxious to return the favor for Cas anyway, and he leans in closer than necessary so he can snatch the soap back. It’s encouraging how easily Cas welcomes his touch, hands low on Dean’s hips as he pulls them flush together.
Dean tries to keep it together, to focus on his breathing, on the taste of Cas’s mouth, his fingers tight on Dean’s wrists, but he only lasts a few moment before he has to pull away from the kiss, a desperate, “
It’s only from years of experience dealing with surprise appearances that Dean manages not to drop his spoon when Cas sneaks up on him.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that – accepting compliments has never been his strong suit – but even he has to admit that there’s some truth to what Charlie’s saying. He can’t imagine himself having this conversation even a year ago. But it’s hard to accept that so much of this is still hard for him. He heaves a sigh. “I just don’t get it,” he says, deflating. “I mean, I’ve been through batshit insane, end-of-the-goddamn-world kinda stuff and handled it no problem, and
Castiel feels his jaw clenching when he sees Dean say something to her, closing the distance between them in order to be heard, but he stifles his annoyance when the two of them rise from their seats. He knows it’s time for him to do the same and slip outside before them, unnoticed, while Sam hangs back in case she has any friends nearby that they overlooked. Dean’s doing his part, and Castiel’s job is to lie in wait, hidden but strategically positioned so he can observe and step in if Dean needs help. Simple. Nothing Castiel can’t handle.
Dean’s idly wondering which one of them is going to lose it first, but then Cas, the filthy cheater, slips a hand between them to wrap his long clever fingers around Dean’s cock, and Dean knows he’s done for. Even a little drunk, Cas still knows the perfect pressure, speed, slickness—everything he needs to get Dean off with relentless precision. Cas was determined to learn him from day one, thorough and attentive and dedicated to applying each new discovery with care and enthusiasm until Dean’s a sobbing wreck.
“I’m nowhere near you, sunshine,” Dean said, and aimed for Castiel’s ankles, where his jeans rode up enough to expose a sliver of bare skin above his boots. “Thou art more graceful and—oh so charming.”
Dean grumbled. Looked away. “That was a fluke,” he said.
“Bullshit,” Dean said. “Tell me the truth? It’s my flower, I deserve that much.”
Carmen was perfect until her boyfriend came to the restaurant they were at and punched Dean so hard he chipped a tooth before dragging Carmen—not really a nurse, turns out, although a night-shift nurse was what she told the other one—out the door.
“Are you serious?” Castiel asked.
“Them’s the rules, Cas,” Dean said, ducking. “Take it or leave it.”
“And now we’re going to be cold and wet throughout the entire class.”
The clinic was dimly-lit, the low buzz of the fluorescent lights irritating. Castiel sat in the waiting room watching someone he guessed was an Arts student (judging from the canvas bag and the jacket) nervously scan through a brochure.
"Oh," Dean said, waiting for the flood of disappointment to hit him, but, surprisingly, all he felt was a bit of resignation. "Well, that sucks. I'm sorry."
Dean frowned, thinking that
Dean had gotten so used to being loved, he realized staggeringly, that he hadn't even noticed it until it was gone.
“Hello, Dean,” he said, and Dean could cry.
“Well, it’s his first time, alright?” Dean hissed.
“Yeah,” Sam breathed. “Ms. Penelope said that orange was red and yellow mixed together.”
Dean patted Castiel on the shoulder before getting off him, offering a hand to help him up. Castiel was still trying frantically (and futilely) to remove the snow shoved down inside his jacket. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Castiel glared.
Dean’s mouth was dry. “I’m so sorry,” he said.
“Fine,” Dean said shortly. “Cas, get up here.”
“Why’s that?”
Cas nodded and got up.
For Cassie, Dean was red, and Bloody Marys quickly became their tradition, even though they both hated tomatoes—it grew on them in time.
“Red,” Dean said, and that became her nickname for the rest of their time together, whispered against kisses and grins.
It was just. Castiel was just. Off. And Dean knew perfectly well he had no right, absolutely no fucking right, in goddamn complaining about it, like he wasn't the cause of all this pain and suffering and everything else Castiel went through, but it nagged at Dean every time he saw Castiel or even thought of him. It had been a full week now, since the surgery, but the feeling refused to fade.
and was just about to open his mouth and crack a joke about bad timing when Cas’s mouth was suddenly right on his, and all traces of conscious thought dashed clear out of his mind.
On the way back, Cas was clutching his hand, holding it close to his chest. Every few steps, he would run a finger over his pinky.
Sam scowled briefly at the nickname before lowering his eyes to the ground. “It’s just that she’s, um,” he said. “She’s orange. Her colour, I mean.”
Instead of responding, the man bent over to reach his backpack, and began rummaging around in it. Dean watched in a blur of confusion as he straightened with a pen in his hand. Then, he smoothed out the bright-green sticky note onto the front cover of his book (now closed), and began to write on it.
“Hey!” Dean yelped.
“Punch buggy!” he blurted, yelled when he heard it, saw the familiar round headlights, and jabbed Cas sharply in the arm.
“So did I,” the girl said, raising her eyebrows.
Exactly two months later found them at the clinic again for Castiel’s final check-in, too-bright lights flickering and the sharp sting of antibacterial wipes tickling Dean’s nose.
Bobby made a move as if to shake Dean’s grip off, and then changed his mind. “He’s fine,” he said, and Dean let out a barely-there sob and if he hadn’t been holding on to Bobby, he would’ve sank onto the tiled floor. “He’s recovering right now, but he should be awake, unless he fell asleep in the two minutes I left him for.”
“Welcome back,” Dean said.
The crying stopped for just a moment. It was like Cas was trying to catch his breath before starting up again. Dean frowned harder, and before he knew it his legs were moving, striding towards Cas as fast as he could.
"Stage two," Dean said. "Nearing stage three."
“Don’t bother,” Meg said. “My parents would kill me if I got this dress wet.”
Isobel
“That doesn’t make sense, Dean.”
The man’s footing stilled for a second, and then resumed. “So you’ve heard about that.”
“Ugh,” Sam said. “Shut up.”
Dean was smiling right back. “Anything I can do to sweeten the deal?”
Dean talked about how he hadn’t heard anything from John in over a year, and Cassie talked about how she wished Dean would stop drinking so much before bed—talked, and then insisted, and then pleaded. And Dean tried, but the harder it got the easier it got to drink the days away, until he woke up one day alone in bed with a nasty hangover and a signed note from Cassie on the bedside table with a tablet of ibuprofen and a glass of water.
“As will Dean, I’m sure,” Castiel said.
She tutted sympathetically. "Don't worry—Dr. Singer will give you a quick x-ray, and we'll see how bad it is."
“It’s been five minutes,” Cas finally said, and Dean exhaled, slow.
“Oh! How lovely.”
“Is green all you can see?” he finally asked. “I mean, am I the first one?”
"Sorry," Sam said, not sounding very sorry and sounding very grim. "It was alcohol poisoning. The doctors said he'll be fine."
“I can turn the volume down.” Sam’s voice was nothing more than a murmur, now, and Dean could hear the impending tears in his voice. Dean sighed and tried to put on an encouraging tone.
"Thank you," Castiel said. (He didn't need luck. He needed self control, and discipline, and he needed to stop loving Dean in that blossoming-pink way of his that was eating him from the inside-out.)
Castiel turned his eyes to the parking lot, blurry and warped with the rain that drizzled down in rivulets off the glass of the door. Immediately looking towards the far corner
“Like the midday sun,” Dad would say, now. Like the colour of the peeling labels on the alcohol bottles, or the spider webbing-cracked wallpaper.
“After the surgery,” Dean said, speaking into Castiel’s hair, his voice trembling but trying valiantly to hide it. “You were so—withdrawn. And distant. It hurt so much.”
“Did they ever find out?” Dean seemed genuinely curious, all his attention poured onto Castiel, and it felt—good, but terrifying at the same time. He had these green-green eyes, like jellybeans or something equally sugary-sweet and artificial.
Meg looked beautiful, she really did—her glittering red dress and drop-dead stilettos turned crowds when they walked into the rented dancefloor, arm-in-arm. She turned and grazed her lips to his ears to be heard over the clamber of the crowd: “Dance with me?” and Castiel smiled and dropped a hand to her soft waist, entangled the other hand in hers. Swayed, nice and slow. The music was something old and upbeat, saxophones crooning through the speakers.
“Sure,” Dean mumbled, suddenly all-too aware of his bow-legged sprawl, crooked bump on his nose, the uneven knuckles on the backs of his hands.
Dean’s expression cleared, replaced in a split second with a disarming grin that Castiel has seen work on dozens of girls and guys equally. (He never thought it would work on him.) “It would be my pleasure.”
Still, though, he stood there for another moment—and then the AC kicked on again with a depressed creak. Dean rolled his eyes up to the ceiling as if he could stop it with a dirty look, cast his gaze outside to the steadily-darkening sky, and then, with resolve, snatched the coat up.
“Oh, Jesus,” Dean said, “don’t give me those eyes. You know I can’t stand those eyes. Okay, okay! I can’t stay mad at you, I swear.”
“Cas,” Dean managed, little more than a mumble.
“You got over Benny? Or he—y’know. Loved you back?”
"Aha!" Dean said, pointing a finger at him. "So it's someone you see often!"
Reds, yellows, greens, purples, and all of the shades—they were beautiful, striking and gorgeous in their singularity, but every few pictures was nothing but grey. Grey speckles, grey spots, grey stripes, grey people. He didn’t even want to see the Abstract section.
“I’m fine,” Castiel repeated, if not a little quickly. He never realized how much they touched each other. How tactile Dean was. It had just been a trait of his that Castiel had filed as Normal Dean Things, just as he filed the way he smiled or the way he laughed or the way his eyes slanted when he was about to make a dirty joke, except now he was seeing all of these things from a completely new perspective, and each flicker of memory just made the tightness in his chest worse, the urge to cough unbearable.
Dean wandered his way into the Great Hall as everyone else hurried by—he wasn’t looking for an autograph or a high-five or a smile; in fact, he was hoping to take this chance to snag a line-free checkout at the visitor’s shop—but as he stepped into the ruckus and clamber of the hall, the artists each in their own little section and podium across the expanse of space, he found his steps faltering, and before he knew it, he was making his way towards the end of the hall, near the exit doors, to the podium marked with a large, bold-black CASTIEL.
Dean shrugged. “Pretty much. Now it’s your turn. You can ask me or Sam.”
Cas didn’t respond, but his crying got quieter. Like he was waiting for Dean to finish talking.
Sam rolled his eyes. Dean grinned back, and picked up his pace down the greyscale streets. At this rate, they were really gonna be late.
Castiel was dressed in a grey blazer and a dark-brown tie, and he was smiling a little sheepishly as the cameras clicked away, but he wasn’t looking at the lenses but rather the guest who had asked the question. He had black hair, tousled like he hadn’t bothered to style it before coming on stage.
"I just have to have you near," Dean said, still, because he was a selfish son of a bitch and even thought Cas was hurting so much he just needed to hurt him more, because he was so greedy that he couldn't let Cas have even an inch of leeway, and Cas was in love with him. Cas was in love with him. Cas was—
The man paused, and then, instead of putting his coat on, extended it back to Dean. “In that case, you may borrow it.”
“My true form most likely adheres to the description in your lore,” Cas said. “It would also blind you permanently.”
The next morning, Castiel woke up with a relentless headache dully throbbing at his temple, which was just unfair, because he hadn’t had a
“Kind of,” Dean said.
"Say it," Dean singsonged, his fingers now running their way through Castiel's hair and probably messing it up horribly. Castiel couldn't care less.
Cas said, “Dean,” and Dean opened his eyes, saw him looking down with a hint of trepidation, face flushed pink.
“Um, Darcy. Magnolias. She was, um. My babysitter. Dean, stop smiling. Stop it! It isn’t funny. I was in grade four!”
“Jesus,” he heard Dean murmur, alarmed. “It’s alright, that’s alright, Cas, you’ve got it, just keep breathing.”
Cas inclined his head. “Is that it?”
This time, he sighed and tightened his arms around Castiel.
he said, and grimaced while wiping his mouth. He flushed the toilet and watched the contents of his stomach swirl away.
And besides—if this was an ambush, Castiel supposed it was better for a soon-to-be knight to engage in a fight than anyone else in the castle.
He saw Miss Penny do this before, plenty of times. Scraped knees and clumsy falls and too-fast corners. His mom did it when Sammy tottled off of her lap and tumbled onto the floor, wailing. Dean could do it too.
"Today?" Dean echoed dumbly, and then it hit him so hard his knees buckled.
Robin didn’t seem like the type to be in detention—straight, sleek hair and not a wrinkle out of place. When Dean whistled quietly at her to get her attention, she turned and smiled like they were at the library, or a cafe, or any place in the ordinary at all, and then suddenly the blouse she was wearing shimmered and shone a deep, devastating red, like blood, Dean remembered from all the posters, and he didn’t even know
“Hi, Cas,” Dean replied, trying to hide the smile leaping its way onto his face. He shoved the sticky note into his jean pocket and took the coat from Castiel’s hands. “So, I’ll call you later?”
before?
Dean said, “Jesus, just come here,” and reached over to pull him into a hug.
“Sure, sure,” Dean said absentmindedly, dragging out a chair and falling into it.
It was dark and late by the time Castiel finally packed up his things and began to head back to his residence from the library, which was allocating its flexible opening and closing times as exam season drew everlastingly near like a tiger stalking a campus full of terrified, sleep-deprived baby lambs. Castiel was tired and cranky from the coffee that burnt his tongue that morning and the skidded patch of water on his way into study hall that afternoon to catch up on all his Monday-due assignments, and he hadn’t even had the chance to go back to his dorms even once since that morning, and to top it all off, his group project partners (teacher-picked and assigned, which
