“They don’t spring fully formed from eggs, or whatever they told you in the war. They don’t reproduce the same way we do. But yeah, they have families.” For some reason that makes Greg blush even more. “Most of the families have familiars, like me. People who have, for whatever reason, chosen to become involved with a Dominus. Sometimes… sometimes we are bred for it, sometimes we choose it ourselves.” He levels a look at John. “I fell in love with Mycroft, before the Dominii announced themselves. I’ve been his familiar for 13 years now.”
Murray’s hand is hot against the short cropped stubble of John’s hair as he holds John’s skull against the door, holding him tight even as he backs away enough to flip John around. John’s moan is cut off when Murray’s hand covers his windpipe, just enough pressure that John is gasping, mouth open and something that isn’t sound escaping his lips.
“Ah, that’s good. I’ll bring you some tea, and your supplements.” She slides the gate open on his cell and gestures at the rack behind her. “He wants you to pick something to wear, says he’s taking you to the Yard.”
He’s dressed, looking, he thinks, like the middle-aged GP he thought he was going to be before the war. Mrs. Hudson comes back in carrying some oatmeal topped with fresh fruit and a cup of tea on a tray.
.” Sherlock leans forward in his chair, letting his eyes roam over John’s body, looking for the clues he’s missed. “Tell me.”
“John... amazing… let me…” Sherlock breathes against John’s mouth.
The second bite is deeper, the Dominus locks his jaw and twists, tearing the skin of John’s shoulder and drawing a long low cry from John. It should hurt, and it does, but it also feels like the morphine injection he’d given himself on the field, if morphine felt like the aching burn of molten metal, like sparks from an anvil, or a volcano.
Murray is in cryosleep on his way to Pharrus 7 for all John knows, and it seems unlikely the Dominus will see fit to answer, even if John bothered to ask.
John lifts his hand to the clasp at his shoulder and unfastens it. “How much is necessary?” He pulls the robe off his shoulders and balls it in front of him.
Relief washes through Sherlock again, sourceless and nearly shattering in its intensity. “I’ve no idea.”
John stoops and pulls up his own pants and trousers. “You’ve actually ruined my trousers.” Murray had managed to rip the button hole as well as snapping the button off.
John moves down Sherlock’s body, carefully spreading the glamour as his fingers trace over Sherlock’s chest and skirt around his cock. He can feel Sherlock’s pulse slowing under his fingers, see his breathing even out to approach sleep. But he’s careful, and he has actually gone to medical school in this lifetime, so he doesn’t push Sherlock too far down. Just enough that Sherlock will wake rested and refreshed, even if John leaves him on the sofa for the night.
Sherlock tries, studies the way John’s sock has bunched around his ankle, the fine hairs on his leg showing beneath the hem of his trousers, tries to hold onto something of John so that he will know after and be able to find John again, restore his memory and make John see the truth.
“I’m not sure, but I think you have no idea what you are talking about.”
The Dominus drags his fingers over John’s arse, the blunt/sharp sensation of well groomed fingernails dragging over John’s skin bringing a small sound up from the back of John’s throat. “There, let me see.”
Something different for John's third morning.
The room is still too bright, and his body feels numb and prickly at once, as though he’s waking up from a full body local anesthetic. Or cryo. He inhales sharply and forces his eyes open. The last thing he remembers is the look of anger on his Dominus’ face. Maybe he’d failed so spectacularly that he’d been sent to Pharrus after all.
John takes the bundle from her carefully, and drops it onto his cot to sort through. Pants, loose jogging trousers, and a towel, no shirt. He pulls the pants and trousers on under his robe, swings the towel over his shoulder and turns to see Mrs. Hudson standing with the door to his cage open.
If Greg goes about making toast and coffee with a little bit more violence than is usually necessary for such actions John decides to pretend not to notice. He’s hovering in the middle of the room. Uncomfortable in his own skin but unsure if he should offer to help, or just go back to his cell and wait. He doesn’t think he should sit in the Dominus’ chair, but it feels weird to kneel in the middle of the floor with Greg being the only other person in the room.
The Dominus’ cock hardens in John’s mouth, sliding over his lips and tongue, pushing against the back of his throat. John strains against his gag reflex, feeling blood rush to his face as his breathing becomes intermittent. The Dominus curls his hand in the ties of the blindfold, holding tight and pushing John’s head down. John tries, tries to relax and let himself be forced deeper. There’s something in the way he is being held, the texture of the air, that tells him he’s nowhere close to taking the length of the Dominus’ cock into his mouth. He tries again, pushes himself closer, scoots forward on his knees to be closer to the Dominus’ body.
“What… have Lestrade round for another drugs bust?” John smiles as he says it, feeling around the edges of the conversation they are
“Here you go, dear.” She passes a bowl and spoon through the bars of his cage. Granola, yogurt and fresh fruit. “What do you like in your tea?”
Many thanks to consultingsmartass for the beta.
I am the actual worst. This chapter is only 3 years overdue. This story hasn't ever really left me. There was so much I wanted to do with it. But ugh. Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson nods at the treadmill when they enter the room. “45 minutes at whatever pace you like, dear.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m not going to hurt you.”
John nearly misses the feeling of the Dominus sinking his teeth into John’s shoulder; the bite feels more like pressure on the scar than anything sharp or tearing, really only feels the Dominus sucking on his skin.
“You can fix my trousers. And if you find some lube, you can fuck me in the morning. Now get out and let me sleep.” John gives up trying to hold his trousers up with just the zipper and lets them hang open. He pushes off from the door and opens it to retrieve his doss bag, holding the door open for Murray.
John draws himself up, clenches his fists against the cuffs and clears his throat, embarrassed by how quickly he’d fallen under the Dominus’ powers. “There’s a part of me that wants to not want what you are going to do with me, Dominus. I know… I know what will happen. I know that there is something about the Dominii that’s addictive, I don’t want to... to not have a choice.”
He has to close his eyes against the sudden realization that he can’t do this again… as much as he wants to accept the tentative, fragile offer Sherlock is making…
“Gods, Watson!” Murray slides back on the desk and palms his own cock through his trousers.
“Iron, he says you’re anemic.”
Think about John. Think about John wanting you.
“Nice of you to say, but there’s nothing
John’s body tenses, mirroring the pulses of the Dominus’ orgasm into his body. This,
“Shouldn’t you be…” That’s all John manages before Murray has crossed the distance between them and pushed John hard against the doorframe.
John puts the plate down on the coffee table, next to a bowl of apples that make his mouth water. Toast first, if he keeps that down he can ask about fruit. The first bite is crunchy and scrapes against the inside of his mouth.
“Yes, Dominus.”
But then there is Mary, perfect beautiful Mary. The lies she tells and the mystery of her. She’s just exactly like John, and she
“Obvious from the size of the room and the placement of the windows.” Sherlock stammers a bit and the red in his cheeks deepens.
It's more difficult than he imagined and he has to breathe in deeply through his nose. He presses his eyes shut tight and draws in air, trying not to sob around his fingers.
His cock is already mostly hard by the time John flicks out his tongue out to taste the tip. Sherlock closes his eyes and lets his head fall back as John takes him into his mouth. “Oh god, I’ve missed this.” John hums around Sherlock’s cock and sucks him deep into his throat.
Greg comes back with a small plate of dry toast and offers it to John. “I feel like this would be easier at the table, but Sherlock will have a fit if we move his equipment. Couch?” He tips his chin and moves to sit on the long leather couch along one wall. Greg flops down on the couch, only careful enough not to spill his own coffee.
guess on the size of his shirts. Although he’s noticed a trend, when asked for descriptors of John, most people seem to assume he is slightly out of shape, short and dumpy. Only proving that everyone is an idiot. John is lean, trim and more muscular than Sherlock.
He very nearly gets away with it too, months pass, cases and chases and blog posts that don’t always get actually posted. Cups of tea and take-away meals and shifts at the surgery. Everything is as normal as life with Sherlock Holmes can possibly be.
to John… but only… and it doesn’t really bear thinking about because it won’t happen.
John swings his feet over the side of the cot, staring at his clean skin and the spotless floor until the housekeeper/prison guard brings him his breakfast.
John whispers the last part; hating himself, the Dominus and the bloody fucking war that had brought him here, but he knows his body well enough, knows what he needs for this to work.
John fists his cock and lets the force of Murray fucking him push his cock into his hand. He comes with a low garbled cry, any words he tries to form blocked by the pressure of Murray’s fingers against his tongue. Murray doesn’t stop fucking him, pushes John through his orgasm and past the point of sensitivity until John is sucking desperately on Murray’s fingers to keep from crying out.
John sighs, holds his breath on the exhale and basks in the warmth of Murray’s body pressing him into the floor. He’s so deeply satisfied that he’s unsure of where his body ends, as if the chemical bonds holding him together have loosened into a sort of oneness with the universe… or at least with Murray’s cock and the filthy floor under them.
The Dominus’ nails scratch along John’s shoulder. “The lesser of evils?”
Think about standing in front of him, about how good it would feel to look down and see him waiting there for you. Think about taking that final step forward, that moment when there is nothing else that could be happening between you. When he leans forward, and you reach down to card your fingers through his hair.
The next morning doesn’t start with an explosion, or a mad dash around the city. There’s still nothing worthy of Sherlock’s time. John calls in to the service and puts himself back on the rotation, but there’s nothing for him either. John goes down to Speedy’s for a take away breakfast sandwich and the papers and settles in to try and find Sherlock
Murray releases John’s arm, grinding his hips hard into John’s arse. “Like that, don’t ya?”
She looks away and clears her throat. “I’ll take that as a compliment, dear.”
” Murray whispers in John’s ear, hot breath sending thrills through John, making the hair on the back of his neck stand up straight.
, John left behind in his room.
The first thrust is almost gentle, testing John, pushing deep until he bumps against the back of John’s throat. John swallows hard, fighting his gag reflex, feeling his face redden. Murray’s hands come up to cup John’s head, pulling him down until John’s forgotten to try to breathe.
“Yes, Dominus.” The answer feels thick on his tongue, warmth spreading through him, tension bleeding from his shoulders. He’s safe and warm, the motion of the Dominus’ hand over his scalp sending sparks through his nerves. John sways slightly, pushing into the contact.
“It’s a side effect of the glamour... you not being able to imagine me naked.” John shifts the paper, pulling it tighter. “I’m... not entirely human... and my true form tends to bring out the mobs with pitchforks and torches.”
The hallway is quiet and the floor is hard under his knees, making him more conscious of the fact that under his robe he is naked… well, he’s wearing a collar and cuffs around his ankles and wrists, but nothing that could really qualify as clothing… as such.
The Dominus stands still, clear grey eyes watching, looking deeper into John than anyone’s ever bothered. “You were a doctor, and a soldier. You’ve been in danger, held the lives of others in your hands.”
The cock that slips between his lips isn’t fully hard, John suck on it reflexively, habit pulling his lips down over his teeth. The temptation is there, in the dark to imagine that this… this isn’t what is happening. That he’s back in burned out buildings with his unit, fighting a war he will eventually lose. Easier still because he’s never actually seen the Dominus naked, can’t picture the pale skin under the Dominus’ clothing.
“I did… what would you have done if I hadn’t found any?” Murray tosses a small, more-empty-than-full tube at John, exchanging it for John’s trousers.
She stiffens, turns on her kitten heels and storms off. John leans his head against the wall and tries not to think about how stupid he is,
“Stay with me, little soldier. Here’s your reward.” The Dominus groans, and pulls himself tight into John’s arse.
He falls asleep with the mass of his tentacles blanketing him, the weight of them nearly tricking his brain into believing that Sherlock is wrapped around him.
John feels the blush that starts in his hairline and cascades over his shoulders. “I don’t mind… I was in the army, it isn’t my first time…” John ducks his head. “I’m sorry, Dominus.”
You wouldn't have to tell him that he's yours, he knows.
Chapter warnings for breath play, rough sex and some more dub-con.
“That’s lunch dear, nice big salad. You rest now. There’s cardio scheduled this afternoon.”
This chapter is almost entirely a_xmasmurder's fault... because she squeed over Murray
, fucking tease, here’s your damn trousers.” Murray tosses them on the floor beside John and starts shucking out of his own clothes.
"Have you figured it all out yet, Sherlock? All the pieces and all the moves....” Moriarty crooned, with his head tilted back rolling from side to side with each statement, “and how early oooon in this game you lost?" He drew out the last word, enunciating the ‘t’ loudly.
Sherlock was powerless. Truly powerless, as it appeared they all were. Moriarty giggled, as he leaned forward to run a finger through the blood. His hands came away crimson and he gave another delighted chuckle, as he brought the fingers to his mouth. When his lips parted this time to lick the fingers clean, like a child might lick ice cream from their hand, the teeth were more vampiric, no longer clustered needles, but straight and perfect, barring the elongated eye teeth. He savored the taste of the blood, slowly pulling back on each digit, his lips making a loud satisfied smacking sound as he did so. He purred like an excited child, his eyes screwing shut as though in ecstasy.
“Mary Morstan, indeed.” Mycroft confirmed, with an advocating nod of his head.
The woman froze for a second in her work, a plate half way out of the hot soapy water, and then she dropped it back in and turned round just enough to face him at the table behind her.  She looked utterly flabbergasted, edged with a deep sense of anger and deceit, and those wide eyes narrowed on him.  She looked quite beautiful then and he wondered if her ex had thought so when he had provoked such a look out of her.  It was obvious that most people would find any such expression similar to this to be somewhat threatening but the detective always enjoyed a good challenge.
Sherlock hated to feel useless.  Mycroft had always made him feel useless, inferior, a waste of a sibling.  He had used that to drive himself to become better and still, when his friend and former lover had needed him the most, he had needed his pretentious brother to further his investigation into what had happened to John.
"I need to temporarily relocate John Watson and Sherlock Holmes, preferably somewhere far from London." There was no point in not making Armand entirely aware of the plan.
Sherlock watched the vampire disappear in seconds, vanishing in a blur of motion that was becoming positively loathsome to tolerate.
The doctor’s blood was comforting within his mouth, on his tongue, and his lips, almost sweet and incredibly alluring.  John’s body had relaxed into his grip, as Louis drank his first little bit, and the vampire had arched over the slump of the mortal now beneath him on the plush cushions of the couch.  It was hard to focus, hard to resist the urge to indulge in the delicious liquid hot on his tongue, especially as the man let out a gasp that was more moan than breath.  Louis felt his body respond in kind to the mortal man’s own reaction to the bite and as he took just that little bit more to weaken John’s apt ability to rebel, he positioned himself fully over top of the man, spreading his legs to kneel on either side of the man’s hips, as his mouth worked the gentle connection they shared.
“I’m not stupid, Sherlock.  I’ve already heard this piece.” John informed him, sounding slightly more agitated, before he lifted his chin and quietly amended, “I owe it to myself.”
"That was an unwise decision." The voice sounded like it was underwater as his head spun and he lost his balance. A strong arm gripped his own just long enough to steady him before it let go and again the pale tall man stood in the same place he had just been, as if he had never moved at all.
John's brain registered this new information and turned his head back to the woman, who was pointing in the opposite direction down the sidewalk, from where Sherlock was fast jogging towards a waiting taxi. The doctor saw the figure of a tall dark-haired man walking towards the flat in a mid-length coat, very close to the same style as his newly reanimated friend’s. The man gave a polite wave.  He was ghastly pale but yet incredibly handsome and appeared to have been on his way in when he heard the commotion of Sherlock and John's exit, as well as the announcement by the land-lady.
"Like you are almost the centre of my universe Dr Watson."
The End
There was something in the way John asked which caused Sherlocks stomach to flip in an uneasy manner.There was something about the way that John was now anxiously biting his lower lip when looking at Sherlock, that made his words catch at the back of his throat.
"More than...when you say more than...."
The warrior (hearing that the wizard had told the Prince to risk his life in such a manner) raced to the tree . He got there just as the Prince reached the top.
"Uncle Sherlock you nearly died!"
John was thoroughly at a loss to comprehend what was going on.
"Dad is he okay…what’s wrong with him,…it’s getting…..weird…."
My brother defends queen and country.
Sherlock
John cautiously lifted his hand and gently stroked Sherlock's temple until he faced his friend and mirrored his gaze.
"When I write this case up, do you want me to describe your cock in detail or just say it’s both big and amazing."
"All right Sherlock.You need more ….data.Okay.Lets continue then."
I guess what I am trying to say is i’m sorry if I ever come across as not caring for you as much as I care for my dad because that’s not the truth. I love you.Uncle Greg,Uncle Mycroft,they are special …..but you’re not like them ..,you’re even more special.You’re my dad.My other dad.I desperately want to call you my dad.I should have had the guts to ask you sooner.I want this to be the last time I say Uncle Sherlock to you.”
They had been sitting on the sofa that night with Cheryl drowsily slumped between them.Sherlock had offered to put her to bed for the first time since they had both moved to Baker Street.He lifted her gently from the chair and cradled her,lovingly shushing her to sleep as he walked carefully towards her bedroom.He lowered her into the bed and brushed her hair from her face with his hands and then bent down to place a kiss on her forehead.He whispered in her ear as a final gesture and then began making his way back to the living room.When he turned John was standing staring at him in shock at the doorway.
Sherlock Holmes:
“I don’t know who that is, John.Is that Madonna’s husband?”
"Plus he didn’t take it further John.He didn’t sleep with any of them.He made excuses not to sleep with them.Tell me what you think that means?"
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEE ....VIOLENCE....
"Yes John."
This is the order I questioned them in. Just joking….I never bothered asking Mycroft.
It’s mine now.Things have changed.”
"So it must John and yet in this Instance you are my exception also.I shall therefore need more substantial and solid proof of your feelings, than you merely stating my own utterances back to me as explanation for all of this."
"Maybe he is like you? Doesn’t understand that he’s the type of person the whole rooms eyes fixate upon the minute he enters it.Oblivious to the fact that everyone is absolutely desperate for him to shag them,if he could only notice them long enough to realise it."
I'll not make you tea tonight.
Sherlock’s face remained unreadable as he listened to both Watson’s simultaneously answer him. Sherlock thought that if he wished to remain in John’s good books,it would be best to reply to his response and not the girls.
John I have to say this is the best blog entry you have written.Keep up the good work.
"Yes."
“Absolutely not.It is half seven on a Friday night.I am sitting here with you and getting drunk.It’s what I said we’d do, so it’s going to happen.It’s my birthday and it’s what I want to do.”
“How could I marry her after what you..l.after what we’ve done?”
“Story…John…you wanted me to tell you a story ….”
"What do we do now then?"
I’m going to go down there and strangle the old…your mum was a great woman she was not…NOT..a serial killer.Your mum was working for the CIA before you were born.That’s all anyone needs to know.”
She raised herself from the floor and wrapped her hands around him burying her head in his neck.Sherlock in partial shock, had become stone in front of her.Ceasing eye contact had not changed this in the slightest.She barely whispered her question into his ear but it had the effect of having him finally move his arms to reciprocate the hug.
The Prince of Fire
John Watson:
We didn’t have the talk that night.
"Yes John."
SO......-JW
Especially when the majority of phones ( your archaic model the exception) now have Internet capabilities and can easily access websites like facebook (if messaging others in such a precise and calculated manner is required).-SH
"WELL IT’S NOT BORING NOW IS IT!"
How he missed you.
Cheryl stood from her seating position and walked round the table slowly until she was directly in front of Sherlock.She leaned down so they were eye level.They only indication that she was nervous about this was the deep breath and pause before the next words came tumbling out at speed.
"Very well....."
Mycroft Holmes:
John Watson:
You know that thing facebook has?The thing when a person writes a message. You can see if they’ve read it or not and what time they read it at.Phones should have that.-JW
After a very stressful few months,it's nice to get some routine and normalcy back into our lives.Stop laughing!Baker street (weirdly enough) has helped to do just that.
Harry Watson:
Can you guess which one?
"My half of the stone represents my heart, which you alone have transformed.I now give my half of the stone to you as my gift for your friendship. I hand you my heart tonight. Do with it as you please, because it's yours...you own it now"
"I was only adding to my own drink because my stag night was becoming boring,but I got so pissed,I mixed up what one was mine and what one was yours."
John lifted his laptop, opened the tab and began typing a sentence before clicking a button on the computer that allowed the draft copy of his blog to start printing. It was now Sherlock’s turn to wait patiently for John to explain what he was doing.
Sherlock threw himself down onto the kitchen chair in an obvious impatient huff at not understanding.His case hadn’t been going well and John inwardly scolded himself for choosing to do this now.However since it was February the 14th, a date with a significance Sherlock had clearly and thankfully deleted,John and his romantic nerve only had tonight.
I don't doubt that you love John but love doesn't keep my brother and my niece safe from murderers and mad men.
Yes John.I have the papers that were signed off.I can have Anthea bring them over.
SLAM!
" I bloody knew it! Didn’t I always tell you two boys you where mad for one another!"
"You took me out to dinner during that case."
"They wouldn’t even think about going to those lengths.There are easier ways.There are places online you can go with lots of willing participants."
" We can do anything you want together you know. I’ll take anything you can give me Sherlock.It’s all fine."
Sherlock finally stopped trying to talk past Johns mood and addressed it instead.He ceased pacing to loom down at the man lying sleepily on the cell mattress.
"That club we were in earlier…"
" That before or after she shot Uncle Sherlock?Got that little gem from Aunt Molly."
Again their eyes locked but as quickly as they did Sherlock turned away again and Spoke his next words towards the wall.
Sherlock body jumped up more eagerly than his mind would have liked him to, causing John to inwardly laugh. Sherlock pressed himself firmly against John until they were aligned and slowly used his hands to slide Johns pants down,never breaking the closeness except to free him slightly.As he slid them down,he ran his fingers underneath the briefs and along and down Johns bare arse cheeks.He pressed closer into his naked flesh, their cocks teasing and touching one another’s skin, Johns through the red fabric and growing harder again with every press.Sherlock began to kneel in front of John.He smiled as he took John’s pants into his mouth,biting the elastic on them.He began to ping it against Johns skin, sending a jolt of pleasure along his cock every time the material made contact and thudded against it.When he felt he was beginning to exhaust that move, he lowered the red briefs towards the ground with his teeth until they were able to drop unaided.John had been struggling to prevent himself from screaming Sherlocks name repeatedly and so welcomed the chance to finally use his voice when his friend asked a question of him.
Bloody hell John! It's always the quiet ones you need to watch.
Excuse me...what?
"...but it didn’t change until we started caring for you together."
Sherlock was fully aware now that this wasn’t normal behaviour from John.John had always been the one who was mortified at any suggestion of them being, ‘together’ and yet the impression he just gave Angelo was definitely not one of  platonic friendship.His thoughts were stirred by the voice of the person who sat gently smiling at him over the dancing heat of the candle.
John brushed past Sherlock to retrieve two wine glasses from the cupboard.Sherlock quickly noted, between wide eyed blinks of incredulity,that the kitchen table had been laid out to look like Angelo’s restaurant .He noted Angelo’s smirking face as he prepared the food and he noted the unnerving calmness of one John Watson.He noted all of these things, and yet all of his deductions would not piece together effectively to give him a clearer indication of exactly what was going on.This angered him.
“Ahhh. Right then. God I feel like a massive dick now.I must have read this wrong…well of course I bloody did….you would never make that mistake….sorry about bloody confusing you like this.I thought…Christ…the problem is I wasn’t thinking or if I was it wasn’t with my brain.I thought you’d be ready for this.God how pervy I must look right now,forcing myself at you like this.You didn’t need to feel like you had to participate in what we’ve just been doing.I didn’t want you to feel forced into doing that.”
"Debatable."
"Thank God for that."
Yes I will marry you-SH
“You could never be a one night stand to me Sherlock Holmes.The wedding is off.”
"Then please make me understand John.Explain to me what I did to you.How I made you feel.Why you continue to be so bitterly angry with me,even after i’ve explained time and time again that all I was ever doing and thinking about the whole time, the whole two years,was keeping you safe and trying my hardest to protect you.Show me why this bothers you as much as it does?Why no one else I know is this effected.We need to sort this John.It’s ripped us apart.We are not the same anymore and I need to know why.YOU NEED TO SPELL IT OUT FOR ME JOHN BEFORE I GO MAD TRYING TO FIGURE IT OUT.WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH?"
"Sherlock began to run his tongue all over John’s cock.It was not long before he became very aware of his own need and so decided to problem solve a solution using the cell bed.
“John ….I think you should consider going to bed.Use your night without Rosie to get some rest.”
“I’d be insanely jealous of him. A bit like I was with Irene and Janine.”
The Pope
Until Sherlock Holmes has lifted a gun and charged through a minefield, not knowing if he'll live or die, all in the name of his queen and country like my brother has, don't even speak to me!!Typical over privileged elitists,living off their name and inheritance .I wondered how long it would be before breeding and money were  mentioned.John this Mycroft one is probably trying to steal her to sell to some wealthy couple he knows in his fox skinning group!
Not that I think that you have saw my messages and are ignoring them.Or that you are now arranging (through Mycroft) to leave the country,rather than have to talk to your mental stalker and likely ex sex pest best friend ever again.The tosser who has just admitted to his only proper friend that he fancies everything about him.-JW
“It’s difficult.I find it all really difficult to say.”
I started laughing again.I started laughing again and then I kissed him.
Sherlock Holmes:
"You don’t need to ever feel uncomfortable with me.You don’t need to ever say whatever it is.You just need to understand that what I did,I had to do John.I had to protect the one thing in my life above all else,including my work, that I value.I would do it again if it meant you would be safe.I would do absolutely  anything to ensure your safety in life Joh….mphhhhhh..”
No...he's right...Twice? Why?
"Yes,I did."
OHHH OF COURSE YOU BLOODY KNEW!Thanks for telling me Sherlock.Nearly keeled over there thinking Greg would be at the door to handcuff us!
“Sounds like a Kevin Costner film.”
Mycroft Holmes:
"Right. Well definitely not allowed to retell this part of the story to Rosie then. It needs to end at the kiss in front of the fire."
Sherlocks eyes snapped back up at these words and they almost begged John to elaborate.
That’s who he really is.
Cheryl’s eyes went saucer wide and her cheeks grew red.She began to sweat and fidget in her chair and Sherlock continued to observe every note of interest in her behaviour as he carried on his deduction.
And you must be the anally retentive,sexually ambiguous,tory,control freak brother of Sherlock?
"Ohhhh..you mean...I mean..do you mean?"
Triumphant, Sherlock realised he no longer needed to physically carry out what he was mentally implanting into John’s brain but when John gripped his hips and forcefully twisted him round, he thought he daren’t deny this because John looked crazed with desperate need of at least some of that fantasy becoming true.Sherlock lowered his mouth onto John and John somehow angled himself to do the same to Sherlock.They moved together as rhythmically and powerfully as the kissing of their mouths had been.Quick movements back and forward, back and forward.They came quickly and swallowed at the same time.Sherlock was glad John pushed for it. Sherlock raised himself and turned to face his doctor who was clinging to the hair on his head and still twitching to the touch from the orgasm.
"Do you have a boyfriend then?Which really would NOT be fine with me.I would mind."
"Shut up and listen to me...I'm in love with you, you daft sod! Now in all these bloody stories that Rosie makes me read, there is normally a kiss at the end. Do these characters kiss in your story? Do they enjoy kissing? If they dont, it's okay.It's all fine..."
Harry Watson:
BLOG CONVERSATION (Continued)
"Listen, contrary to what rain man over there says Dad,THAT’S WHAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED!"
MYCROFT I WILL END YOU IF YOU DON'T SHUT YOUR FAT CAKE EATING MOUTH!
Lestrade has said Molly’s name three times in his sleep.The last one sounded sexual in nature.What do you think that means John?-SH
I knew Sherlock would want dinner with you eventually.I told him you liked him even more than I did.I told you as well remember?I'm never wrong with these things.
Mycroft Holmes:
Hear that John!He thinks you are poor!
"I stand outside your door doing absolutely nothing about it."
Well John is still living with a psychopath as far as I'm concerned,just not that particular one!
Mycroft Holmes:
"Our sixteen year old daughter…..mentally adding that to the yes section ."
"How…how did you possibly know he stopped me walking home with a boy from the party and helped me sober up.How did you get all of that from the state my clothes are in and the smell of Uncle Mycrofts car?It’s not possible!"
John turned and sat back down again,resting his head in his hands for a moment and taking a couple of deep breaths before answering.
"Why in Gods name do you want a candle ?"
Sherlock incase it wasn’t clear from the last three over the top soppy texts I sent you,what this all means in a nutshell is,I’m as in love with you as one human being can possibly be with another.-JW
“God helps us all.”
John if it hasn’t been clear from the texts I’ve sent you,what this all means in a nutshell is….I’m equally as in love with you as you are with me-SH
Mycroft Holmes:
Harry don't do this to me.
Cheryl in that moment averted her gaze from Sherlock.He assumed it was because of the tears that had began to pool at her eyes.Something he had said had caused a very emotional response.He concluded it must have been the realisation in her that she would never be able to trick and manipulate him like so many of her peer group could with the adults responsible for looking after them.She composed herself in the space of a few seconds and spoke once more.
"Then you’ve not observed correctly.Cause there’s a pretty big arrogant exception to your perceived pattern.You are seeing but you are not observing."
"She’s like her father…shout and react first…think later…much later,then feel remorse and guilt."
“Yes. Seemed more fitting.”
We could see about that.
Sherlock:
Sherlock began to slowly run his fingers up and down John’s wrist as he traced circles on his skin.It reminded him of all the times previously that their hands had touched.In friendship, tragedy, anger and love. He was eventually pulled out of his thoughts by the soldier who was nervously licking his lips whilst impatiently staring at him.
"I remember the salient points, however if you would rather we stop?"
As quickly as he had said it they were fervently kissing one another.John’s hands had now slid to Sherlock waist and he was gripping at the fabric of his lilac shirt and leather belt as their bodies melded into one.As John clung to Sherlock’s back and Sherlock to John’s head, it was easy to forget the thing that stood staring at them in exasperation at the entrance to the kitchen.It was less easy to forget that thing when it coughed several times to gain their attention.
“Yes.”
"What makes you so sure?"
" No...I don't."
"I have understood since the minute you began talking about ‘other departments’.Understanding is not the reason this conversation is continuing.It’s continuing because I am finding it difficult to believe what is currently transpiring between us.I am finding it even more difficult,as you are the one suddenly and unexpectedly initiating it.Things were normal yesterday.Why now?You,who has spent our entire friendship,correcting anyone who you felt had misunderstood our relationship due to its seemingly ambiguous nature."
"Awww I’m ever so pleased for you both…FINALLY!..when’s the wedd…"
Harry Watson:
Other than kissing him, Sherlock had not touched John in the same manner, in any manner other than when he stroked his face before this started.He remained pressed up close to the wall, palms of his hands melded into the cool surface.
John Watson:
"Say sorry to me and Uncle Sherlock."
Moran trying to blow up parliament and us with it was a catastrophe.You making me watch that horrendous Essex programme with you on Tuesday night was a Catastrophe.This is Nowhere near as upsetting as those things-SH
Sherlock sauntered into the living room in his housecoat,looking like he had just been woke up and therefore inconvenienced by this newest Watson argument playing out in front of him.He flopped himself down on his chair and rested his arms on his legs, whilst looking from one to the other but not really seeming all that interested in the topic being discussed or what one if any would answer his query.
As if to make his point even more obvious, as he spoke,John craned his neck until his nose was completely submerged in the crook of his friends neck.He took a long inhale which seemed to suck up every ounce of pheromones that danced on that exposed piece of naive flesh.Sherlock shuddered and hissed at the contact to his starved eager body.
John refrained from making eye contact with his friend and continued to focus all of his attention on their land lady.
Did you tell him I came onto you on my stag night-JW
“What did you say?”
Harry Watson:
Sherlock
“SHUT UPPPPPP”
When all I have to go on is the two Holmes I see from the messages in front of me,then yes,I would question a Holmes's  ability in that area!And I  hardly call removing the dead body parts from view and putting the acid higher on the shelf,'baby proofing' the house.
As Sherlock began to shut the door,she pushed her head back in between the open space.
Mrs Turner
John wrapped his hands around Sherlock until they were pressed firmly on his arse and kneading it slowly.He began kissing Sherlocks inner thigh, moving teasingly around the one area that was fast becoming on fire with desperation and desire to be touched.Sherlock ,who had been watching up until this point, slammed his head back against the wall and began looking upwards as if to some divine presence that could be responsible for helping to facilitate all the sensations he was having.He never felt anything like this.What his friend was doing to him was merely stimulating a biological process and a drive inherent in most species when copulating.It should not have felt this wondrous or this satisfying.
Every one of the real suspects provided good reasons/alibis as to why it wasn’t them. All except one.
So that's it.Me and baby Cheryl have officially moved back in to Baker Street.Well I have moved back in.Cheryl has never lived here before properly.I mean she has stayed once or twice but now it's official.We are both living with Sherlock Holmes.
It’s not upsetting to me at all-SH
Sherlock averted his gaze from John and focused his attention back onto the criminal mastermind in front of him who he noted now owned a coat strikingly similar to his own.However he could not fathom why she would purposely choose to adopt his style of dress.
Harry Watson:
"John if you want me to disappear from both of your lives.If you’re trying to tell me that me being here is not working anymore for you, then I can do that."
"Nothing I have ever personally witnessed deviates from the pattern John."
John stood with hands on hips and a steely stare that focused on the girl in front of him.The girl with dip dyed hair and a concealed tattoo only her and Sherlock knew about.
"Yes of course it was.John what is this nonsense all about?"
"NO!GOD! WHY SHOULD I?IT’S IMPOSSIBLE TO HAVE ANY PRIVACY WITH ALL OF YOU BREATHING DOWN MY NECK!ESPECIALLY HIM!"
"Stop being so damn cocky."
Sherlock continued circling ‘the assailant’ as they talked.Cheryl noted that anytime Uncle Mycroft was mentioned,Sherlock would bristle and flinch, his tone would change to ice and his eyes would narrow.Today was not the exception to that rule.
"Do shut up John."
John removed his suit jacket and slid a little closer to Sherlock before answering.
HARRY PISS OFF!
"You don’t love like that.You’re not programmed that way.You said it yourself."
"Would you like me to lick that clean for you?"
I love him because that is who he really is.
Harry Watson:
"I’ll get Mycroft to find me something to do in Eastern Europe.British government have been pestering me for months to carry out a series of assignments for them .I’ll accept.Give you time and space with Mary alone."
"Do you love me Sherlock.Like you love my dad?"
Mycroft Holmes:
“Before I delete it from existence, I’m firstly going to print it out, frame it and put it in our bedroom. For our eyes only.It’s my valentine’s gift to you.”
"Because …I …would do absolutely ….anything …anything…to ensure your …happiness in life John Watson."
Do shut up Mycroft!
The Prince finally decided to take the pebble to a wizard to see if he might be able to solve it's mysteries. The wizard saw the value of the pebble and wanted it for himself. He knew (if allowed to grow and transform) that the pebble would be powerful enough to defeat him and his dark ways. So the wizard tricked the Prince. He told him that unless the pebble was transformed before the end of that very day, it would kill the person who he received it from. Shocked at this news, and determined to save the warrior at all costs, the Prince was willing to do whatever the evil wizard told him to do. So the evil wizard told him to climb the highest tree in the forest of St. Bart's and throw himself to the ground in order to save his warrior friend. Only this would make the pebble transform and ultimately save the warrior who he vowed to protect at all costs. Losing hope, the Prince did indeed climb a tall tree in the forest of St Bart's but just before he threw himself from the tree, the pebble slipped from his hands and fell onto the ground instead.
Mrs Hudson appeared to tell us that Lestrade had tried to phone several times but there was no answer. That’s when the laughing quickly stopped. The game was on. We could never discuss this whilst the game was on.
"Oh God she will be insufferable."
"And how do you look at me Sherlock Holmes?"
"I have someone assigned to me.Doesn’t that only happen with royalty?"
Sherlock Holmes:
I can and I will...with Sherlock.TOGETHER.
Sherlock warmly smiled at the man in front of him who was now pouring them both a generous amount of whiskey into two glasses.He hesitated on his next words before finally deciding to voice them.
Sherlock scraped the chair back quickly and jumped from his seat.He strode towards the wine on the counter and shaking, fidgeted with the cork.He poured another glass of wine and finished it before he had even reached the table.He never even tried to offer John any.John didn’t look interested anyway.His only focus was the detective emotionally crumbling in front if him.John stretched his hand across the table but quickly retreated before he made contact with the man who now had his clasped hands laid out in front of him.The whites of Sherlocks knuckles began to dig into the table cloth.John cautiously spoke like a hunter calmly trying to ensnare their prey rather than startling it into freedom.
John smiled warmly at Sherlock and it never ceased to amaze him how much one little action could cause his breath to catch in his throat.
John had heard drunk and zoned out of the rest of the conversation.Sherlock quickly considered the possibility that he should have ( like the tattoo and piercing now) omitted that from the deduction conversation but decided that it was something John would never forgive him for not revealing if it came out in future in a negative manner.
Christ! We go out on one case,come back and it's world War three on here!Can you both delete this stuff from the blog please?You are going to get us all arrested!Then there will be no one to look after Cheryl!
Cocky to terrified in 0.5 seconds Sherlock noted but said nothing.Until she started lying that was…
Harry Watson:
The words were like an ice bath to them.They flung themselves apart, John looking anywhere but at his daughter and Sherlock jumping off the stool, touching his head and spinning around a little before striding to a cupboard and pretending to look for something important.John eventually decided someone would have to speak.
"Sherlock cut John off by pulling him up into his lap, cupping his face and crashing their lips together in a heated embrace. When they finally broke apart, Sherlock gasped for air as he spoke."
Where would you rather she stay?In the off licence you call a flat?
"You’ve yet to see what I have John Watson.Three words for you.Not.A.Virgin."
"Sorry…sideki…."
“Tedious.”
"You’ve changed since I …went away…you become completely detestable at the least little thing now."
"Me and Brianna said GOODBYE to one another then I went to Rosie’s."
Must you keep denying that you are in love with one another?
Sherlock threw himself down sulkily on the bed and turned towards the wall,curling himself up into a ball.He craned his head and coldly threw his next words over his shoulder.
"People might talk John."
Amazing that he can remember what he says word for word really,otherwise I couldn’t have put this in the blog. I was too busy having a complete moment of clarity/internal crisis , to pay full attention to what he was saying.There he was, standing there pleading his case like an accused would to the jury, and all I could think about was that he had just admitted how much he loved and valued me.
Johns head snapped up from the floor as quickly as Sherlock had said it.
Sherlock gripped John’s shoulder as the calmly spoke his next words.
"I've adapted it."
I am so grateful that is who he really is.
John was now purposely kneading Sherlock knee and ever so gently grazing the side of his thigh, moving further and further up his inside leg.Sherlock’s breathing increased as he leaned further towards John until their lips were almost touching.He moved his hands towards the doctors greyish hair and cupped his head in his hands.When he finally answered his doctor,it was with an honesty and exposed raw passion that John had come to love about him.
"John, do you require more alcohol or would you prefer a cup of tea before retiring to bed for the night?"
"What?"
It worried me that he actually thought I was viewing the whole situation negatively. He couldn’t see how absolutely moved I was that he’d taken the time to help my daughter do something like that for me. Nobody else had even thought of doing that. For all of their goodness, friendship and humanity, not one of my other friends realised that I was getting to a point were I actually needed to be reminded that I was loved. Not one person except Sherlock Holmes understood that.
Mycroft Holmes:
When I got round to questioning suspect number four, he ( like the rest of them) was adamant that it simply wasn’t him. He casually suggested that it must have been ‘Hudders’ and she’d just forgotten in her old age. Well, he actually blamed something else entirely but I don’t want to repeat that here! Let’s just say he blamed her pressure point and leave it at that! Anyway, after Sherlock started frantically finger pointing in everyone else’s direction, I knew for definite that it was him.So I lied to him.I lied to the worlds only consulting detective and he fell for it hook, line and sinker. I told him that I had Greg (Lestrade) run the card for fingerprints. His face! His actual face when I said that! He actually asked me if Rosie’s finger prints were in the police system! When I started laughing he didn’t join in. He was being serious.
Sherlock was now the one continuing to ignore John as he anxiously paced up and down the small stretch of cell.John noted that in times like this Sherlock only registered him if he actually said something that he considered was of value.John was spam in Sherlock’s inbox right now and not making it to a red flag priority anytime soon by the sounds of it.
“Let’s go pick a spot for this.”
Harry Watson:
"Not so bad yourself Watson.When you have the right partner to bring out he best in you."
Not denying it then little brother.
My brother did that because there was a sniper aiming a gun at your brothers head at the time!He 'killed' himself to protect John! Two years in the most dangerous conditions imaginable.All for John Watson.What does that tell you!
. “Do it”
John looked miserable and slightly on the edge of something. Sherlock could not quite figure it all out when he was looming this close and staring at him with this much intensity.Sherlock desperately choked back all of his own inner emotions in regards to John Watson,as he uttered his next words to the man who stood heavily breathing and panicking in front of him.
“Nothing.”
"This time."
Sherlock was standing there giving his big drama queen spiel and all I could think about, was if he knew exactly how much he was loved and valued. Did he know that everything he had done ( particularly in the last three years) was appreciated. The man who stayed up all night and shot holes in the wall, was now ( mostly) going to bed at reasonable hours so he could get up and give Rosie her breakfast in the morning if I had to work a nightshift. The man who had eyeballs in his fridge and forensic slides everywhere, suddenly had spaces full of stuffed toys in his living room and he had willingly put them there.The man who would spend hours on his science of deduction website was now cutting it short to watch YouTube videos about sewing, cooking and how to do braiding, buns and French plaits.I suddenly, in that moment, needed him to know how much he was appreciated for all of that. The only problem with that plan was that there was no time to find the pink glitter and Rosie was down for her afternoon nap. So I had to improvise. I had been moving steadily closer to him during his rant and was mere inches from him when insanity finally took over.
Sherlock had catalogued what he needed to and was now moving to stand beside John in the kitchen,his aim being how to safely remove the cleaning products from his bloggers hands.
John chuckled a little before finally deciding on the activity of the night.
You actually dare to question a Holmes's ability to rare a child up from infancy, when the alternative  is a Watson! While my brother was baby proofing the house today,your brother was once again  arguing with a chip and pin machine because his funds are low.
Mycroft Holmes:
John suddenly stood up and rounded on Sherlock.He had a steely determination in his face and his words came out clinically and authoritatively.John pointed at Sherlock as he spoke.
"I love you Sherlock Holmes."
SO?-SH
The Centre of Me
Mycroft Holmes:
Molly Hooper
"I’m tired John.Are you tired?"
"That’s debatable!Lying here, nowhere to escape to,whilst you are going on and on about some sad cases one night stand abandoning her.NOT EXACTLY THRILLING STUFF IS IT?"
When she was gone Sherlock threw his head back against the door and began to giggle.John soon did the same against the wall.
The Case of the One Night Stand (To Breathe Again)
Mycroft Holmes:
I love you-SH
John stood up and walked towards his daughter,leaning at her side to smell her jacket.Sherlock was at the other side staring at John and willing him to come up with the answer he had already found.Cheryl could only sit deadly still,mortified at the thought of what these two oddities in her life would discover but equally disgusted at their behaviour.
“John, I don’t want to be Madonna tonight.If you insist on us playing a game can it be something else?”
"Do one thing for me Sherlock,one little thing.JUST SHUT YOUR MOUTH!Switch the lights off in your mind palace,set the alarm on the door and go to sleep before I come over there and shut your mind palace and your mouth for you."
"I know about stuff now, no thanks to you two!Thank God for Aunt Irene."
Sherlock Holmes:
"Story...John...you wanted me to tell you a story ...."
MOBILE PHONE CONVERSATION
Harry Watson:
"I’m not looking forward to breaking this to Mary.What a complete scumbag I am."
"You're mum did not tell you that story, Sherlock. You are making it up."
John sat up defiantly and fixed his eyes on Sherlock with a determined glare.
"I need to ask Sherlock something important."
I’m glad you did not send an email or put these messages on facebook as I rarely check those mediums.The likelihood would have been that I would not have read them for at least a week and in that time you would have assumed I was simply ignoring the situation through indifference or fear.Ridiculous really John,as I can assure you that when it comes to my feelings for you,I feel neither emotion. -SH
"You want to repeat a conversation we had eight years ago?For what purpose?It sounds unnecessary and tedious."
Oh please!
"Anyone at anytime could pull down the latch on that door and see us doing this.Lestrade or Donavan could push that slot to the side and watch as I undo you like this with my mouth.If they do,I’m telling you now,they can watch for all I care because I’m not stopping until I’ve made you scream like I’m murdering you in here."
Sherlock turned to John and nudged him.
Shut up about the bloody tea!
John Watson:
"You don't know what, Sherlock?"
"What?"
"I did have quite and interesting and intense life before meeting you, you know.Well until I got injured that is."
John......about what was said.I think we need to talk about it properly-SH
This is Mrs Hudson by the way.I'm on Mrs Turners computer next door.
"Don’t be outrageous John.No.You know I don’t.You know I’ve never.You know all of that."
Mycroft…
So John this is your idea of family now is it?THESE TWO?Well that's just great!Expect your daughter to become as fucked up as  everyone else in this conversation then.Goodbye!
"Okay dears, see you tomorrow.Come and have some dinner.I’ll make your favourite."
It was several seconds before Sherlock was aware that they were now kissing one another up against the cell wall and that John had initiated it.The kiss started slowly, tentatively ,their lips almost crackling as they fused and continued to rhythmically move together as one.They quickly became more intimate, more passionate as they tasted each other fully With their tongues. After a while,John’s roaming hands began to become more focused,pressing firmly against the younger mans hips.He seemed to be clawing at Sherlocks clothes now,pushing his suit jacket from his shoulders and tugging his shirt up violently over his belted waist.When it was free, it was not long until the detective heard a popping sound and then a clatter on the concrete floor.His buttons.John had actually ripped the shirt from him.
"So you are not going to Marry Mary?"
"What do you mean he is cooking us dinner?Has your restaurant finally been seized by environmental health?"
"Ahhh.Quite.She’s completely and utterly stark raving mad.Only person in London to ever let me away with shooting walls when I was bored or inviting serial killers into Baker Street on a whim."
"What like mum you mean?"
"No John i’d rather we kept her out of it,it’s already weird enough."
My niece absolutely cannot stay at Baker street.It's an unsafe environment for a child to grow up in.Victor Frankenstein is a liability,with his science potions and seedy clients turning up at all hours of the night.
This was enough to cause Sherlock to twist himself round on the bed and stare angrily at John once more.They had been arguing on and off for a full hour now and it was becoming more heated not less.
Sherlock Holmes:
Sherlock defiantly stepped forward and pushed himself into the doctors space.
Not the whole night.But some of the data I have gathered,suggests the answer to that could be yes.”
"That was fucking amazing Sherlock.Your are fucking amazing.How did I not know you were capable of all of this?"
Then he latched on again and unlike the last time he was now simply sliding up and down and up and down quickly.He was putting the whole of Sherlock into his mouth somehow and gorging on him until the penis tip hit the back of his throat with each throb.It didn’t take long after this for Sherlock to come.And like John predicted he would, he came loudly and he came hard.The hardest he has ever came in his life.He could not control himself when he screamed out.
John Watson:
John shakily rose from his chair and moved slowly along the floor  on his knees until he was resting between his friends legs. He clasped The detective's trembling thighs in his hands and hoisted himself up until they were eye level. When he spoke, he chose to do so by leaning and whispering into the crook of his friend's neck.
John Watson:
"How do you know that’s my only department?"
"It was?"
JOHN?-SH
No...yes...shut up Harry!
"Yes…yes you can take over my job tomorrow.I’ll inform Lestrade. Now Off you go to bingo…"
"When he saw them he didn’t fancy them."
Harry Watson:
So you are living with that freak properly now are you?And with my niece in tow!Bloody Fantastic John!
The same reason that you jumped on Moriarty with a bomb strapped to you, or remained in the carriage with Sherlock underneath parliament or  came onto him when you were drunk at your stag night.Or moved back into Baker Street..
For today perhaps but what of tomorrow?
“John”
"Ahhhh so that’s why it’s now John …."
During the following months the Prince set about changing who he was into someone that he truly wanted to be. He devoted his life and his wisdom to separating what is truly valuable from what is unimportant. He completely gave up his loneliness and some of the self centred  and selfish actions of his previous life. He did this to focus on the things and people that truly mattered to him. So many people came away from their interaction with the Prince enchanted by his new character. His  mere presence now transmitted such human warmth that they started to call him 'The Prince of Fire'.
"i know and we’re still angry with you."
"What are you both talking about?"
"Oh believe me I have made deductions about you.Many deductions.This is by far the most serious thing you have done to date though, therefore your father has permitted me to voice this one out loud.Your father you see wouldn’t let me before.He said the less he knew the better.I on the other hand have always felt that the more I know the safer you’ll be."
After a while both men pulled away from their embrace.They smiled downwards at the floor,as they clung to each others shirt collars and caught their breathe by resting their foreheads together.
Harry Watson:
Sherlock excitedly pulled the paper from the printer and couldn’t help but notice an obvious change to the piece that he had read only moments before.
John raised his hand to silence Sherlock and brushed it along his cheek.
The Queen
"Twenty bloody mins they’ve said! Mrs Turner will be ever so mad.Now what was it you wanted to tell me John?"
Sherlock became very aware that John was now sliding down his body to the floor.He had all but assumed John was fainting through the sheer shock of it all,when he felt John’s tongue running itself down the lower region of his chest and into his belly button.As Sherlock struggled to keep coherency and control, one of Johns hands tightened on his bare hips,whilst the other quickly and clinically removed his belt,undoing his buttons and zip in the process.A forceful yank brought Sherlock trousers tumbling to the ground, leaving him fully exposed and completely at the mercy of the man kneeling down in front of him.John was eye level with Sherlocks throbbing penis when he finally chose to break the silence and speak.
Before John could apologetically dig himself further into an emotional crisis, Sherlock literally pounced at him,cupping his shocked friends face in his hands as he backed him up towards the kitchen table.John half collapsed onto the table top,as Sherlock leant in with one leg pressed between both the doctors.
"JUST REMEMBER THIS IS YOUR FAULT JOHN WATSON! The minute I could not adhere to the alcohol plan I set out for myself was the minute the onus of this night fell on you.So I’d appreciate you listening to me just now as I don’t have my skull and it is you who owe me."
As the lustful haze from my wreck less decision cleared, and just before the guilt of my actions began to form, I fully expected to be pushed away and reprimanded for selfishly violating him and his trust.I expected to be looked at indifferently and told in no uncertain terms that he was still married to his work. I did not expect his hands to find their way to my neck, or his tongue to be the one to push itself into my mouth. I imagined the noises from him to be protests rather than the guttural and raw moans of my name filling my ears in bursts of pink glitter. I never expected his body to be completely receptive to my touch and willing to press itself so intimately and tightly against my own. I expected it to be over in 30 seconds, not reaching well over five minutes of nervous fumbling and slow caresses.
John grabbed Sherlock by the hand and began leading him towards their bedroom.
"Stop fucking thinking while I’m using my methods to physicaly overpower you."
He got drunk every night and he'd phone me and cry.
"Will we call that a draw?"
“Why not?”
Your brother lured  John  to a giant bomb that was strapped to a train carriage.He then pretended he hadn't disabled it to get John to forgive him.What does that tell you?
The Prince revealed that he, and not the stone, was meant to drop from the great height in order to save the friend that he loved. To unlock the mystery of the pebble he would have to be brave and tell the warrior this. So he did. The Prince rubbed it around in his hand, fully expecting it to transform but nothing happened. He looked to the warrior who sat smiling before him.
Because I knew!I just bloody knew the hold this lunatic had over you.I knew he was always the one.I knew you and him would eventually end up standing here one day like this.Together and all officially domesticated.He's trouble John.I worry about you more now than I ever did when you were in Afghanistan.He attracts trouble.He'll be the death of you.I don't want him to be the death of Cheryl.
John watched as his daughters heart was crushed in front of him.A millisecond more hesitancy from Sherlock would have been enough time for John to have wrapped his hands round Sherlocks neck and strangled the life out of him for wounding her like that.Thankfully this was not needed because as usual,Sherlock was nothing if not surprising.
Go on John the cat is out the bag now.You might as well admit it. Tell him what you did every night after he died.Tell him the main reason I'm so pissed off with him.
Baker Street is not the proper place for her.He isn't capable of looking after an infant.
John sunk into his worn and tattered chair.Next to him, the fire crackled and roared.He watched the flames dancing and gliding against the blackness.He watched until his eyes grew heavy. As he began nodding off to sleep, the sound of Sherlock approaching him, was enough to bring him back from his dreams and into their sitting room.
'One day, when the Prince ventured out of his tower to the forest of St. Barts, he met a Knight called Staningford, who was travelling with a fearless young warrior. Sir Stanford told the Prince that the warrior was alone in a new land and needed somewhere to stay. The Prince (who was growing tired of being alone himself) felt unexplainably connected to the warrior and so agreed to let him live and work beside him in the tower.
…..I see….well this is ….unexpected..-SH
"Seriously DON’T push me tonight Sherlock.We are in a confined space,I’ve had too much to drink and I don’t know how much I can stop myself from kicking your arse for what you did to me,what you are continuing to do to me, so don’t push it!"
As Sherlock prised her away, he began to gently guide her towards the door.She continued to prattle on nonsense in his direction.
“Thank you John.Thank you.Though always remember that I would be nothing without my blogger.”
"I'm glad you've been entertained John, but your birthday is over, therefore so is your source of amusement for the night. Goodnight John..."
So.It finally happened.Me and Sherlock had sex.Hot,steamy, scream out loud sex.It was fantastic.Oh and the kissing.The kissing was like nothing i've ever experienced in my life.His tongue.That mans tongue.The things it can do.I could spend an entire day describing the things that it can do.Has done to every inch of my body since last night.God he has stamina.Hours we were at it for.He even had me in the shower this morning as well.
Harry Watson:
How he wished he would have told you how much he loved you.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------MOBILE PHONE CONVERSATION
Charming!
"Look, It’s hardly my fault you have these charges against your name John.You didn’t have to touch that man when he gripped my throat.It’s not my fault you decided to be Mr Heroic,defending my honour.I didn’t ask you to."
"But you never liked him putting candles on the table in our dinner outings together.Not once were you comfortable with that John.You worried constantly that people would stare and think…things….about us."
Oh good they have finally found some common ground John.
Shwerlock I MIT ave gotted a wee but druk wif Grog-JW
I’m just surprised she hasn’t mentioned it sooner,she’s been thinking about saying it to us for three months now but something’s been holding her back.”
"Exaggerated somewhat by Aunt Molly.She does that Cheryl."
Sherlock Holmes:
John Watson:
"Sit down Sherlock and I’ll explain."
"Excuse me John but consulting detective is a very real job and I’d thank you to stop insisting your job holds more value than mine.Especially when you insist upon interfering in mine all the time."
Mycroft Holmes:
"I’m 16.I’m an adult."
"Yes start as you mean to go on I suppose.You know where the door is."
"No his restaurant is still intact"
Anyway.Enough rambling.Cheryl needs feeding and Sherlock keeps calling for me in a panicked manner.He hasn't quite mastered that skill yet.He is trying though.He is becoming quite fond of her I think, though he'd never admit to it.
Harry Watson:
John was ferociously scrubbing the kitchen table top now as some sort of anger deflection tactic.
Do not call me stupid Mycroft. I did not write the thing.John did.He is the stupid one.
"it seemed logical.More so than Molly."
Sherlock Holmes
MYCROFT Holmes:
Tediously dull isn't it?-SH
Consulting detective.And what does your brother do?He follows him around and blogs about his adventures!
Oh do go on Harry.
" As you wish, my warrior....as you wish."
Mycroft Holmes:
John was now directly behind were Sherlock sat and leaning closely to whisper in his ear.
"You’re a Holmes now, you ARE royalty."
John Watson:
Obsessed with your brother?Well he's not the only one that is obsessed here is he?
I do not mean that for friends to develop feelings for one another it should always be considered dull,obvious and inevitable.-SH
"JUST SO YOU KNOW….Adding this to the very top of the list"
Sherlock smirked as John began to go red with embarrassment again,as he incoherently stuttered out another pathetic response.
"Simple logic.In this instance there was also the matter of the (at the time) cryptic note ,’you’re welcome’,left by Andrea at the front door today at five.Hate when Mycroft does me a favour.He never asks that I return one but he knows I can’t possibly stand being in his debt for long.Expect me to be gone for a few weeks overseas in the near future."
"Listen you cock, we are currently sitting in a jail cell for being drunk and disorderly because you thought It was a good idea to go to a crime scene pished to look for clues."
Says the man who talks like a villian in a Jane Austen novel and carries a brolly on the driest days of the year.Tim burton called by the way.He was wondering if Danny Devito could have his penguin costume back.
He must have grew to care very deeply about her over their acquaintance -SH
Harry Watson:
When I think about it, I don’t know why I asked the others first. It should have been obvious who helped Rosie from the moment the postman handed me the card. Sherlock’s always doing arts and crafts with her. He secretly loves glitter. Mrs Hudson is forever moaning about the amounts of glitter being sucked up into the good Hoover. Sometimes I’ll get in after a long hard shift at the surgery and when I enter Baker Street, there they are, my daughter and the ‘mad man’, lying there on the sofa, sprawled out, their exhausted sleeping faces caked in all the sparkling colours of the rainbow.
John was now looming angrily in front of his daughter at the client chair.
Harry Watson:
Minutes went by of tight hugging but no reply had fallen from his lips,though a few stray tears had pushed themselves to the surface of his facial skin.He continued to hug Cheryl tightly.Finally she had began to get worried because not a thing had been said.She craned her neck towards John and spoke in a muffled manner.
"I’m still angry with you two.Not just about today."
The Prince, though terrified of the these strange new feelings in his heart, bravely met the warriors gaze. He understood what he must do with the pebble. Still unsure but finally willing to risk everything, the Prince spoke softly to his warrior.
John chose this moment to French kiss Sherlocks neck.He could feel the pulse of the man throbbing quickly on the tip of his teeth,as his words and tongue slowly travelled from neck to jawline.
Haven’t written in my blog for a while but I felt like now was a good time to start it up again. You see, the strangest thing happened to me.I received a Valentine’s card in the post six days ago. A Valentine’s card from my three year old daughter. A Valentine’s card in a red envelope. It had little love heart stickers dotted all over it and pink glitter spelling out my name.Now Rosie’s pretty smart ( for a three year old). Even Sherlock thinks she has masses of potential. He tells me that all the time. However, she still hasn’t mastered the art of formally posting a letter. She also doesn’t usually address me as John. Someone therefore had to have helped her to make and post the Valentine’s card in question. The list of suspects for me to choose from was very limited.
"Perfect.I just click with him.i’ve always just clicked with him.’
John took a deep and relieved breath.
--------------------
“What do you think?
“Which you are.”
"TRY TO GET…GET PAST THIS!….Get past the fact that the one person…I ..the one person that…made me feel…that I cared about…was lying in front…you were everything to me do you even…all those memories of dead friends in the war when I saw you lying on that ground…I had nothing when you…so alone and you just…SCREW YOU SHERLOCK BLOODY HOLMES!…You still don’t get it.You don’t get what you did that was so wrong ….you don’t get why it’s such a big deal to me…is still a big deal…you heartless insensitive prick."
I think they got on quite well overall....-JW
John suddenly realised that all of this was not helping them get to the bottom of the present mystery they were faced with.
“Why not?”
So you are the alcoholic,lesbian sister of John are you?
Both men began to laugh in unison as they finally separated.John lifted his hand so that it rested on the detectives cheek and used it as a way to lock their eyes together and keep them momentarily and intimately connected.
"Clearly from the mood she arrived here in today,it wasn’t by choice to stay detained by Mycroft. So Mycroft or Andrea forced her to get into the car"
"Oh God back to that are we? Can I just ask, will this always be an issue now?Anytime I happen to screw up or say something dick like, which will be lots by the way,will we be revisiting the whole me faking my death thing,because that could get so boring very quickly John.Try to get past it!"
I love you too-JW
Mycroft Holmes:
"Me and Sherlock are just having dinner together."
Mrs Turner
"No...Sherlock..this story isn't finished yet...sit down....SIT!"
They stared for a few seconds before John’s eyes broke away first.
They soon fell back into their comfortable routine of working together during the day and sitting with one another at the fire at night. On one of these occasions, the Prince ( not being able to stand a mystery that he could not solve) pulled the stone from his pocket and asked the warrior why he couldn't transform it. The warrior pulled his half of the stone from his pocket and clasped it in his hands. It was then, and only then, that the warrior finally revealed the secret of the pebble to the Prince.
That first kiss was like nothing either had ever experienced before or would again.A lifetime of love,want, passion and loyalty poured from them until their legs became weak with the strain of it all and they collapsed down onto the floor of the nursery still holding one another.They held one another for what seemed like hours that night.This moment reminded John so much of that.It had been enough to bring them together, to know that he could actually really feel things like that for another human being.This was another of the many reinforcements of that .
Mycroft Holmes:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John Watson:
John looked quizzically at Sherlock before managing to successfully regain some of his emotionally repressed self. Less dangerous, Sherlock thought.Safer territory.The doctor leaned back in his chair and silently motioned with his hand for Sherlock to begin the tale.
Harry Watson:
That's it both of you...I'm logging off. Gits the pair of you.Absolute Gits!
You still haven't made me tea John.
Anyway, you might still be wondering what happened after my finger print lie forced a confession from Sherlock.He was affronted about the whole situation obviously. Couldn’t look me in the eye. I was (admittedly) being quite wicked about the whole thing.I really enjoyed making him squirm. However, as he gradually became more uncomfortable, I almost felt bad…almost…
Harry Watson
Sherlock
"I’m flattered by your interest Sherlock ."
"John we can keep this quiet …for a while at least.You tell Mrs Hudson and we might as well stand with a megaphone and shout it from the rooftop.Are you sure John?"
A noise at their door alerted them to the fact that the biggest champion of their relationship was now entering their flat.
THE THINGS WE HAVE TO PUT UP WITH MYCROFT.
It was Sherlock turn to bury his face into the greyish hair of his friend and seductively breathe in his smell.The Doctors body responded by pressing itself intensely closer until each of them ached.His next words came out strained.
Seriously John who is this guy!You can't raise her in that warped environment!
Two days later and the case was solved.We still hadn’t talked about what happened in our kitchen.I went straight to the clinic after we left the crime scene and Sherlock agreed to go home and see to Rosie.It was a further 16 hours before I entered Baker Street again.
MOBILE PHONE CONVERSATION
Very Enlightening actually.You lied about that 6 month mission.That's big Sherlock.That changes some things-JW
"I’m getting married to the most beautiful and kind and loyal women in the world and we could have been so happy if you had stayed dead."
"The danger of it and the thought of being watched.Anyway it wasn’t just for you.It got me off to.First time that’s happened since I was about sixteen and it’s in a jail cell with no access to a toilet or shower.I’m in for an uncomfortable night But it was worth it."
Harry please I'm begging you.
Can we really be sure you do not have a similar plan set up to obtain a bottle of vodka.You are completely ridiculous Miss Watson.
Harry Watson:
John Watson:
Mycroft Holmes:
"You googled me.You know my methods.What I am.What I do.Therefore entirely possible."
The Personal Blog Of Dr.John H.Watson
Harry Watson:
John Watson
John Watson:
"Lie down John."
""Mycroft!s car?What were you doing in your Uncle Mycroft s car?"
John began to slowly and sensually dig and run his fingers from Sherlocks naval all the way up past his nipples to his neck.Scratch marks would form in the morning and would be a very real indication that this was actually happening.When John got to Sherlocks neck, he wrapped his frenzied shaking hands gently around it and suddenly broke the contact of their lips.Neither spoke or locked eyes.It would have been too much, too awkward to have to explain themselves and what this was half way through it changing.They could talk afterwards.They would absolutely need to talk afterwards.John began lowering his mouth to the nape of Sherlocks neck and slid his hand to rest at either side of his temples.He lightly stroked the edges of his friends dark curly hair as he tongued and sucked the sensitive spots and finger bruised areas of his neck were the landlords hands had been.
John choked a little at this causing Sherlock to grin from ear to ear.
Harry Watson:
Ohh pop culture references...how quaint.I assume I'm meant to be deeply offended by the insinuation that John mocks me to you.
John....John just leave it.Make the tea instead-SH
The young girl smirked as she casually thumbed through the mail that rested near the entrance to the flat.Her distraught looking fathers face had changed from anger and worry to absolute confusion.
Cheryl stuck her hand out towards Sherlock and waited for him to shake it and finalise the deal.He stared at John and upon seeing his silent nod and waiver,extended his arm out to complete the contract.
The warrior quietly vacated the room, leaving the Prince both surprised and captivated by the mystery that he now held in his hands.
"I spend my life staying at Uncle Greg’s and Aunt Molly’s cause you two are constantly away on ‘business’ .I’ve heard them talk.I’ve heard everyone talk about everything.I’m old enough to read and see the papers and google stuff.I know more than you think about who you both are,who mum was and what you all get up to.I’m too old to hide it from now.I’ve grown up.Not sure I can say the same about you two.Bounding around London, playing cops and robbers to all hours of the night.I don’t get to stand at any doors tapping my feet and worrying about you do I? Hypocrite!"
"I don't know what the warrior's response would be! I only know what the Prince would say.....how he feels about the warrior."
John reddened in the face as his next words tumbled out much too quickly.
John stood up and moved away from the bed.He walked towards Sherlock and pointed at the spot he had just left,ushering him towards it and half forcing him to sit down.John then put as much distance between them as was possible in such a small space and with back to the wall,slid down the prison door to kneel and face Sherlock,who was narrowing his eyes at him in a challenging manner.
"I ….John what is all this about?"
"Why?"
“Tell me a story, Sherlock.I’m sick of being the storyteller.Always telling the stories about our adventures together and reading Rosie bed time stories.Just once, I want to remember what it’s like to have someone tell me a story.”
Obviously Mycroft.
Sherlock popped his head out from behind the cupboard to reply.
"The one I had to man handle you out of for arguing about tobacco ash you mean?"
Harry Watson:
"You don’t want a girlfriend then?…EVER?"
“Trust bloody you to think tonight is some sort of mid life crisis, Sherlock.Look, it’s my birthday and I just want to spend it getting drunk with you.Now can we please get started on that.”
I am bloody poor!And can you two stop arguing on my blog please!You don't even know one another!
Mycroft Holmes:
John faced away from his friend and balled his hands into fists.He was close to smacking his hand off the cell wall,when Sherlock jumped up.Sherlock had noted there was two possibilities, flight or fight.Flight would mean trying to pacify John to calm him down and put him and this situation they found themselves in back in its shell.Fight would be to continue to stir up his emotions so that finally the elephant in the room that had been crushing them all night and since he got back,could be dealt with and set free, allowing their relationship to breathe again.As dangerous as it was, he chose fight.
"Oh you think."
"I have feelings of a somewhat identical nature."
Sherlock was about to answer with something much more sincere.He was about to talk about curing limps and personal acceptances of sexual identity, when a clang of cutlery reminded him of the fact that there was a third person in their kitchen with them.His mask was firmly fixed in place once more.
Harry don't be like that.I want you to be a part of our lives.Lets all give each other a chance here and calm down shall we.We all think that Mycroft is a bit of a tosser sometimes,including Sherlock.
Each were left with one half of the stone. Each were separated. Each would have a long and lonely journey back to each other and their home...
Shit!Would anyone believe me if I said I'd been hacked?
"Oh John what are you like.Im passed all that nonsense now I know you two aren’t at it.Though you really aren’t doing anything to help these rumours yourself dears by having romantic looking dinners like this together on valentines."
Oh please!
“What’s the story called?”
Her personality must be very agreeable to him though-SH
"I’ve always said … find the person you click…wi……him?"
"So Eight years later you’re returning the favour during this case?John there are no murderers to catch tonight from Baker Street.Other than the ones standing in this kitchen that is."
Mycroft Holmes:
Lol.Harry calm down.Stop being silly.
I've set a reminder for that also-SH
Harry...
“Yes.”
Do you think it means Lestrade ‘fancies’ Molly now.How dull and obvious for him to pick her to be the object of his desire-SH
Or what?
Mrs Hudson had a quick scan of the scene of them both standing there looking flushed and slightly sheepish, before brushing it off and impatiently tapping her foot.John moved himself closer to Sherlock before replying to her.
--------------
Or what?
Charmed.So what seems to be your problem with Sherlock and John's current living arrangements Miss Watson?
"If you were to take your trousers down and remove your red pants,conceal them inside your suit jacket, that might make your night more ……comfortable."
"Interfering in yours.I DIDN’T WANT TO BLOODY INTERFERE WITH IT TONIGHT,IT’S YOU DRAGGING ME IN WHEN I WAS TRYING TO HAVE A QUIET NORMAL NIGHT BEFORE I GOT MARRIED."
John finished wiping the tears from his mirthful eyes and leaned across the space between them.He reached for Sherlock’s hand, which Sherlock willingly gave, then patted it soothingly.
Sherlock Holmes:
After you ‘died’,it wasn’t the running around London late at night that I missed,it was the person whose footsteps I couldn’t hear next to mine anymore.After I got married,it wasn’t the thrill of the chase or the blood pumping trough my veins that I longed for and even dreamt about. It was just you who I desperately wanted to be standing next to,fighting against the injustices of the world.You keep me right Sherlock Holmes and I will remain by your side.Not until the day you decide to hang up your deerstalker and magnifier for good but until the very last day.-JW
Harry Watson:
"What?"
“Okay, Sherlock. Okay.I won’t publish it.”
Mycroft Holmes:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John giggled and swirled his whiskey as he did so.
MYCROFT Holmes
"How do you do it so well?"
I'm sober.
Realising that the topic of conversation was now focusing on her sex life, or lack of one,she became livid at her dad and Sherlock.
Sherlock had been perched on the seat next to John the whole time he was reading his blogger’s newest creation. The only indication of how affected he was came from the roughness of his voice when he finally decided to reply.
The fact is that Sherlock is dangerous!He shot a man because he flicked my brothers face!
This is a magical pebble. When it softens it will transform into the most powerful force on earth. Whoever solves the mystery of the pebble and transforms it, will hold a great treasure in their hands. I give this pebble to you as my gift, in the hope that you might be wise enough to transform it.
"I know but ….Jesus…it’s disturbing and amazing all in one."
The last time Rosie and Sherlock had the paints out, Mycroft had shown up unexpectedly. Rosie accidentally tipped a red paint pot over his fancy shoes and Sherlock gave her a biscuit as a reward. When Rosie toddled over to Mycroft with the splatter painting she had made and offered it to him ( her version of a sincere apology) Sherlock just glared at him until Mycroft reluctantly accepted it. Sherlock took his hesitation as a personal insult to my daughter’s artistic abilities. God help Rosie’s future teachers! I could only laugh as Sherlock demanded that his brother leave, whilst mumbling something under his breath about the painting being better than some of the pretentious rubbish Mycroft had on his walls at home. Funny because it’s actually true!
Hours after leaving the man Louis’ thoughts were interrupted by a sudden shift in the mental happenings of the mortal man’s own mind, of which he had been half-heartedly tapped into since leaving 221B.  The sparse thoughts that seemed to revolve around the vampire’s sudden and unexpected appearance built in volume and clarity as they transitioned, like a radio station tuning out the static, and his immortal mind was captured.
His vision misted and blurred, going in and out of focus, as the detective felt his fingers unclench, forming the shade of a spear. The feeling of his hand climbing up past organs, coring deeper into the vampire, made him gag on bile. His bicep flexed and he shoved his hand further, the rapid thrumming of the reanimated heart coming into contact with his fingertips.
Figuring out Mary's death was what he wanted. He felt it might bring meaning to her altogether needless murder, but as John watched Sherlock working as diligently as he had on any other mystery he began to worry at his bottom lip with his fangs.  What was Moriarty?  How did he come into this kind of supernatural power and what kind of power was it?  Could John really keep Sherlock safe?
The truth was, he was disparaging—a truly useless emotion that only proved to serve oneself with the even more infuriating result of self-defeat.  The detective emerged from the bedroom of the flat like a zombie.  His bare feet shuffled across the floor boards, barely enough energy expended to lift them, as he made his way past the bathroom he was still ignoring to the kitchen beyond.
“A terrible use of the English language that word is.” He condemned in his cool tone, as he sipped from his own tea.  This was not the kind of entertainment he had intended when he had allowed this conversation to start.  Somehow she had a means of turning the tides on him and he would allow it to bowl him over.  That was not like him and when he considered why this might be, he came up empty handed.
The bustling scene of the cafe was suddenly shattered by a violent crash, as John’s fist hurtled past the detective, straight into the perfect white teeth of the vampire, Lestat.
Mycroft had to clear his throat before speaking, as the throbbing between his temples increased a notch.  He gazed calmly across his desk at the deadly creature in his office.  Confidently he answered simply the truth, “It is true that there are not a great many that know of your true identity.  A closely guarded secret your kind is.  However, your reputation precedes you.”  Mycroft knew how to play this game well and he deftly countered the question with one of his own.  “Pray, enlighten me as to what I owe this truly remarkable introduction.”
The second place on their list turned out to be a dead end as well, the two found nothing out of the ordinary, and after moving on to the third the night was waning, leaving them both irritable with their lack of success.  The cab ride to the next location was slightly more silent than those before it, as Sherlock mulled over everything again and again, trying to find the holes in his research.
John’s eyes narrowed at his flatmate. He was not about to let Sherlock leave, not until they had figured this out, whatever this was. John moved forward quickly, reaching out to snatch the man’s wrist in a tight grip. He pulled, spinning Sherlock back into the door and stepped in so that he couldn’t so easily escape again. “No, we will talk about this now.” He growled out.
He coughed and waved his hand in front of his face when he drew in a breath of the sweetly scented smoke. He’d had enough. John turned to face the man, intent on telling him that he was going back to the house. Another cloud of sweet smoke wafted over him. Unable to stop, he coughed, though they were weak, the bloody corset containing him.
For the second time that night a surge of adrenaline began flooding his system, as his training took over and exhaustion was lost in thoughts of an intruder. Fear gripped him and he quickly channeled it. Breath held, he listened, hearing nothing the door was slowly pushed wider and he paused again for a second. Nothing still, he quickly slipped inside.
His eyes opened, as his body constricted, and he was suddenly bolt upright in the bed he had laid down on, in the upstairs bedroom of the safe house.  His chest was heaving, his breaths panting, as wildly he came back to his senses.  The pain in his shoulder was still a blistering memory, his hand running the length of the muscle to ascertain that it was in fact still intact.
With his affairs well managed and tended by his own maker, Marius, Armand was free to do as he wished. Quick calls were made, arrangements finalized and when he stepped into the entry of one of his preferred London properties it was as if he had only just stepped out for a night at the opera and was returning now. He was a man of means, after all, and those means meant that he would never again linger in dusty tombs when he could have oil lanterns lit for him and the plush comfort of well dusted libraries with leather chairs.
Sherlock turned back to see that the vampire was outside the enclosure and that he had John around the ankle.  Unceremoniously, he towed John up to the alter, the younger vampire still unable to fight back against the indignation.  Once at the front Lestat picked John up, holding him upright, with his arms restrained behind his back.  John’s head dangled forward, his legs unable to support his own weight.
It only lasted a moment or two, twenty-two seconds at the most, this brief interlude from the drama of the past few months allowing the two men to feel slightly normal again.  It felt good to laugh.  It was warm and familiar.  Sherlock cherished it, for it was over all too quickly.  John rose from his chair and paced back towards the door.  His hand was rubbing his other temple and it seemed that his discomfort had raised a notch.
"London, Ontario? Or—London, London?" the other girl, asked mockingly for clarification.
“Relax, John.” His voice was soothing as he spoke the words, his other hand tightening his grip and twisting around John in such a way that it left starbursts behind his eyelids. John tried, forcing his tight muscled to release one at a time. All the while the detective’s erection brushed and teased at his entrance. It was distracting, it felt good and it was terrifying all at once.
Armand felt like he could listen to the velvet tones of Louis moan for all time. The low rumble in the beautiful man’s broad chest made his own erection twitch with excitement. The muscled and lean body was a feast for the eyes and the thick length of the shaft in his mouth was something that left him pleasantly surprised the first time they had an intimate encounter centuries ago. His skill had been learnt early in his sexual life, being able to bring another fully into his mouth, regardless of the impressive length Louis provided him. It was something he happily utilized when it came to the pleasures of his bedfellows.
Sherlock did not move.  This was quite possibly the closest John had willing come to him without some ulterior motive of restraining or removing him.  The answer was clear enough and he had not thought to remove his scent from the room, nor did he have any means of doing so.  As he was lost in this contemplation, he felt a hand come to the collar of his dress shirt.  As their eyes met yet again, John quietly asked, "May I?", as his fingers hovered over the top button.
His fingers tightened their hold on her upper arms, almost painfully.  “That’s impossible.  I just saw him, outside, as I was returning.”
“So Sherlock is…is not a vampire then?” the question came out surprised and quiet with his realization.  He had hoped as much, but it was certainly another thing to have it confirmed.
John screwed up his nose at his friend, looking across the luxury vehicle at him like he was a nutter.  “You telepathic now, are you?”
Lestat let his finger trace lazily over the headlamp and the front fender, as he mused aloud, “What a pretty gift.”  He rounded the second headlamp and with a loud screeching sound, dug the tip of his steely fingernail into the perfect black paint.  The other fingers joined the massacre and with three strokes of his arm sparks and paint chips were flying through the air.  He stepped back and admired his handiwork and then hit the back wheel well and fender as well, shattering the rear light casing.
He grinned slightly at the thought of using them on the man, but in the end just shook his head once more. Maybe next time, right now he had no wish to leave this bed for any reason, not even for the chance to tie the detective’s hands to the headboard. He turned his attention back to the man he was straddling and began a slow rocking of his hips, feeling the thrill of the detective’s straining erection beneath him.
John obliged, continuing to thrust in that perfect position, pace slowly increasing as his need grew more intense. The sounds dripping from Sherlock’s lips were music in his ears. He pressed further, deeper, wanting to crawl inside the man, mark him as John’s for all eternity. He ached, not just for this but also for the blood he could almost taste just under the surface of the skin he was kissing.
“Maybe he had a snog prior,” John suggested, with a contrary shrug of his shoulders.  He was challenging but with little effort.
When it had finished, the air settled, and silence filled the room.  The body was left, lifeless and suddenly overcome with decay, a rotting pile of flesh and bones, putrid and foul smelling. The gun wound inflicted on the roof, so long ago, still evidently the vessels demise.  Moriarty had never truly lived after that day. He was dressed by the dark magic of the demon to appear that way. Sherlock still questioned, in the end, who had been the true puppet, Moriarty or the demon?
It bothered him that his dreams were filled with Sherlock and not her.  The fact that it made him ill at ease made his stomach twist into a knot and then it gave a long loud groan.  His hand moved from between his knees to rub his abdomen.  There was a dull ache in his lower half that made him wonder when and what he had last ate.  He wasn’t sure.
Lestat gave a subdued chuckle, from behind him, coming around to sit on the couch opposite the two of them as Sherlock knelt and gently slapped at his cheek uttering, "Come on, John," before immediately checking his pulse.  His heart sank as he felt the cool flesh, noting not just how pale the man had gone but how smooth the pours of his skin had become.
Sherlock looked incredulously between the small folded paper in his hand and the girl. He bit his lip.  As enticing as it may be to exact revenge on Mary’s murderer for John and forfill his promise to his former lover, this little adventure may also conclude his tie to the man. He could tell that Marisa could sense this. She shrugged at him, conveying in that shrug that it was a risk he would have to weigh.
“Ass.”
“I’m sorry, Greg, but I can’t tell you.  We are not sure yet exactly who these people are and the government is involved.  There’s red tape everywhere.” John glossed over that part to stop any more questions.  He wanted to see that card.  “Do you happen to know where this card is now?”
Marisa stepped closer and smiled warmly at the trio on the floor.  She reached out a hand, steadying Sherlock’s shoulder. “He will be alright,” she said, reassuringly. She knelt down and leaned in, kissing his cheek chastely, as she whispered, “It looks like you got what you wanted afterall, Sherlock. You two deserve to be together…forever.”
Coming in from the rain, John shook himself off and slicked back his wet hair, annoyed that his date had gone so miserably and that trusting the weather report had left him drenched by the sudden downpour. He tromped up the steps to the flat, his sodden loafers squishing uncomfortably, leaving wet prints behind on the worn wooden treds.
John had stopped backing away when he had reached the first stair of the landing, as did Lestat, just a few feet away from him. He swallowed hard to make sure his voice didn't crack as he answered.  He didn't need to sound as scared as he felt but there was no doubt in his answer. "No thanks. Not interested."
Covering her mouth and nose with the sleeve of her rose colored jumper she backed out and into the parlor, where she found the younger man.  A head of dark unkempt curls was pressed into the union jack clad throw cushion on the nearest end of the long couch to her right.  Just the tip of a nose poked out between the dark mop of hair and the bunching of the blue house coat, where his shoulders were hunched forward.  His long lean limbs were pulled into a comically childish fetal position, pink bare feet fidgeting over one another.
She didn't take it.  With cool resolve she tipped her head towards his and chided, "God help us both."
He, John Hamish Watson, was wearing a puffy-sleeved dress. How had his life become like this? Where had he gone so wrong that he had begun travelling down this road? John shook his head, trying to rid himself of the self-pity. He grimaced at the feel of the wig’s hair brushing over his cheeks and exposed shoulders.
John paused for a second to return the gesture when the demanding voice of his rueful friend snapped at him, “Quickly, John!”
"Hmn." It was all Louis could say before Armand’s lips were against his and the light frame of the smaller man was straddling his lap. The gentle rocking of the ferris wheel car was easily fading away the outside world, as bodies pressed and rolled with the rhythm.
"Well now, Sherlock." The blond was standing over him, looking triumphant and self-satisfied. "You still have a choice."
Clearly demonstrating his inability to brook a withdrawal from their competition, the blond tried a second attempt at persuading his partner to yield. "If you understand that much of me, chéri, then why won't you just appease me?"
“You're being childish.” The way the words rolled off Louis tongue were scolding and demeaning.
“It is rather curious,” the vampire mused, propping his chin in his hand, as he reclined in the leather seat of the private jet, crossing his legs casually, “I have come across very few mortals who are able to keep me out.  You should feel privileged.”  Sherlock received the most wicked of smirks from across the isle and then the vampire changed the subject.  “If you want to help your doctor then the best thing that you can do for him now is to help him accept what he has become.  It is really a gift.  A gift for both of you.”
… “L-louis?!”
The detective’s lips pressed into a thin line on instinct and to combat the sudden reflexive emotional reaction he shoved the cigarette back between them and took a long hard drag.  The inspector’s eyes never left his face, still watching, and after he had released the deep inhalation of the smoke, Sherlock snapped back brusquely with a defensive spur.  “Very astute deduction, Lestrade, your skills have improved considerably I see.”
“That little shit is here, isn't he?” Lestat sneered, back turned towards his lover as he scratched a nail deep and effortlessly into the top of the well worn white-wood mantel above the fireplace.
He had taken the car Armand had left him on his outing, the sheen of the perfectly contoured body of the Ferrari in comparison to the derelict surroundings of the run down wharf was a sharp contrast. It had been an excellent and accidental bait for his evenings hunt. Roaring the engine to life he felt a somewhat giddy and wicked satisfaction in the sound of gravel kicking up under the powerful torsion of spinning tires as he sped back towards the Baker Street Flat.
In the darkness of his minds eye, he could see the detective. A loan figure in the darkness, but a speck on a nonexistent horizon, flanked by two other imposing figures. One blond and one dark. Both dangerous, both desirous of possessing the man. Moriarty and Lestat. He ran to Sherlock, calling his name again. Sherlock looked up at John, acknowledging his concern, as he was seized under the arms by the beings on either side of him. The detective whispered his name and something else that was lost in what became a torturous wail, as his arms were tugged upon by the vampire and the demon. John called out to him again, but before he could reach the man, his body was torn in half. Sheared right down the middle from top to bottom, as neatly as one might tear a piece of paper. The halves fell to the floor, melting into the blackness of this place, as cackling filled the air.
His agreement to allowing Sherlock into his space to observe him was quickly becoming another one of those things he wished he hadn’t given into. But his eyes were already heavy and the tingling heaviness that accompanied the beginning of his decent into the death slumber was strong. He knew there was no chance of winning an argument at this point. Instead, when the detective returned, stepping through the doorway with a glass of water, John warned him.
This is not where the vampire wished to dwell.  He was having enough time swallowing this information himself, he really didn’t need to regurgitate it with Greg here and now.  “More people are going to get hurt, Greg, if Sherlock doesn’t fix this.” John redirected, quickly adding, “What about Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock hunched his shoulders as he walked down the cold London streets, the mizzle from the afternoon now a full on drizzle that had wet his hair and the shoulders of his jacket.  The detective had stepped out of the flat to stretch his legs and take a distracting but necessary bathroom break—he still refused to enter the bathroom in the Baker Street flat, the memories of his last few encounters with John there too powerfully disabling to chance.  His feet moved over the cement below him at a swift pace, pushed to return home to the dry confines of his parlor, even though the man was sure he would only find more disappointment upon his return.
"His strings are easier to pull than yours." Moriarty commented snidely, as the blond vampire’s arms flexed. John winced, and a painful moan hissed past his lips, as his head lulled up to look at Sherlock. With his body weak beyond reasoning, the soldier’s will was faltering.
"Quitter!" the other man retorted succinctly, over top of the pillow just under his nose that he clung to.
Maybe they had always been heading towards this? After all Jessica, no Janice, maybe it had been Jesse’s statement of John being a good boyfriend and Sherlock being a very lucky man had struck a chord in him. He hadn’t dated anyone since; a hint from his subconscious perhaps? At the very least he had become more aware of his flatmate from that point on, but would never have done anything about it. Hell, he’d tried to stop what had happened between them. Well, sort of.
“Oops, forgot to mention,” Moriarty announced, leaning down towards John’s hunched form on the ground, “Demon blood can certainly pack one hell of a punch.”
Armand’s small mouth parted slightly in a soft smile that was teasingly alluring, as he tipped his head up, brushing the tip of his cherub nose against the others chin.  In a satiny voice, he whispered, “I wish that you would agree to be my happenstance… for but a while.”
“The date?” he reiterated, peevishly.
There was another long lag in the discussion. John waited as Sherlock scrawled in his notebook, eventually going back to his keyboard. An answer finally came, minutes later. “I tried,” the detective succinctly confirmed, “but it didn’t work.”
The hand that gripped his wrist so ardently thrust him forward, his face nearly slamming into the collar of Sherlock's coat, as a quick hissed question met his ear, "Did you feel it?"  John obediently answered, shaking his head no, and slowly the other man pulled back, only enough for their eyes to meet.  It was a calculating sweep of his face, John just didn't know what it was that the detective was looking for.  Then a small turn quirked the corner of the man's full mouth and he was being pulled in another direction, with only the classic quick demand, "Come, John."
“Christ…” Armand hissed, his head falling back, as his whole body suddenly went limp except the proud erection that remained wet and ready for more attention. Louis couldn’t hold back a triumphant chuckle at the spectacle of his lover. He wallowed in the feeling of power he possessed in their dynamic.
“You’re late, John.” Sherlock stated, eyes never leaving the article he wasn’t reading to begin with. Teacup returning to his lips as he took another sip and placed the cup down on the small table to his right, “I’m afraid too late to be of any help and so I will have Mrs. Hudson post some condolences to the poor family.”
“I’m sorry if I’ve upset you, Lestat, but you don’t exactly get abducted every day, so of course I have questions.” David’s tone was calming, his gesture defensive as he moved casually away from the woman, his body language directing them both away from the now scrambling woman.
Coughing and waving the smoke away she glared up at him in angry bafflement.  Her small mouth drawn into an angry purse of lips.  “How…can you talk of him that way?” she remanded, pointedly, “John and Mary are missing!  Do you care so little for your friends?”  She looked as though she regretted that last remark, but at least the detective was certain it was how she truly felt.  That he did not care a piss about John
The detective’s teeth gnashed together. He was about to correct the blond, when he suddenly recognized the predatory smile.  The vampire’s mouth grew wide with delight, as the detective startled backward.
John often wondered why he still dreamed as an immortal blood sucking vampire.  Not because he believed that his brain had made any crazy fundamental changes physiologically, but rather because it did not coincide with the definition of 'vampire' that he had grown up with.  Now, being one and having dreams as regularly as he ever did, it always seemed odd.
He still hadn’t figured out how to formulate a proper response to the harshly demanded question when Sherlock flung his scarf to the ground and stalked the last few feet forward. The detective crowded him, forcing John to retreat until his back hit the wall. “What do you want?” His voice was lower, deeper, the tone sending delicious tingles dancing along his skin.
John’s teeth gnashed together in a snap, keeping a curse at bay.  He raked a frustrated hand back through his hair and after a moment of deliberation, he sighed, and growled, “Well…what do you want?”
Louis stared at the illuminated screen of the mobile in his hand and stood another long minute, tapping errantly when needed to prevent the phone from locking, while he procrastinated activating the call he needed to make. Regardless of how much time passed and how tenuous his connections to the mortal world felt as their preternatural powers increased, the most basic feelings and emotions unique to humans remained. Nervousness, regret, annoyance, frustration and all the churning tightness in his belly and chest that accompanied those emotions. While there came strange detachment with the world of which he was no longer a part, in its place was growing the ever deepening experience of his own feelings, almost as if one compensated for the other in a fashion. At times, he had sat for hours and contemplated his reactions to situations, as if he would be able to pluck out the exact trigger for a feeling and knowing it, could then master it. Yet when the moment was upon him again, all that he had dwelled on was absent from his mind and so all his pondering was for not.
His eyes left the others face, drifting down to his own cup that he twitched from side to side with his fingers. He had been thinking more and more lately, trying to understand what would become of him after he returned to London, after Louis left him. It was not as though things could ever return to normal. Not even close. He would have to make a new normal. It would have to be different. It could not be this and could never be what it had ever been before.
"Sher--l-- I... I can't..." There were scarlet tears welling up and clouding the mixed reflection of colors in John’s eyes as he grabbed at the detective’s lapels. One in each hand, he was suddenly and strongly reefed toward the gaping mouth of his lover. John’s cheek aggressively knocked against his own, shoving his head to the side as the eyes were locked not to his lips but to his exposed collar.  Sherlock felt the swift rough rent in the flesh of his throat, as sharp incisors tore through him.
When the feet of the immortals touched down in a dark corner just off Baker Street.  The Taxi with the flats primary occupants, was just skidding to a stop on the icy street in front of the black door. A small white car blared its horn at the Taxi's sudden attempt at breaking given the current road conditions, before skirting around and disappearing into the night. The back door of the Taxi nearest to the flat, swung open and the tall dark figure of the infamous consulting-detective emerged in a smooth motion. He straightened his coat in a very proper fashion and scanned the block around him, before turning back towards the car. The other occupant slid towards the open door only to grab the handle rather than step out.
by the crushing pain of the impact that wracked his back, his ribs, and his lungs, by the need to just breath that left his head back, mouth open and gasping.  It was hard to think beyond the essential, as his vision adjusted to being flat on his back on the floor, and he could see his assailant still on the other side of the room, grinning wickedly.
All eyes whipped to see a thin man striding towards them.  His shoes made no sound on the marble tiles as he casually approached, hands in the pockets of his neatly pressed trousers, his teeth gnawing a wad a bubble-gum.
The vampire cursed the bloody man’s name, as he gave the lower half of his face a cleansing swipe.  It was a double-check habit that he knew would be difficult to break.  As he passed under the lights of the street lamps he caught a glimpse of the light reflecting off of his nails and pushed his hands into the pockets of his jeans.  He kept his eyes lowered, disliking how the mortals stared.
John drew a deep shuddering breath which ended in a moan when he felt Sherlock slowly pull out, leaving him feeling cold and empty inside. He rolled onto his side to face the younger man, his body still shuddering on occasion with small aftershocks.
Without even turning to address the man that had cornered him at the end of the hallway outside his door Louis was surprised to have his nostrils assaulted by another wave of the dreadfully tempting smell of fresh blood.  This was not mingled with bleach or water.  The alluring smell beckoned to his taste buds and palette, as potent as a pregnant woman's hormones induced insatiable cravings, mingled provocatively with the sweet odor of sweat, saliva, and stress.  If Louis had not fed recently the desire to pounce on the almost seductive offering at his door may have been too much. Clenching his teeth together the vampire straightened and setting his jaw he turned in a slow trained movement to greet the tall thin detective.
As he examined the wound his mind could not help but long for the healing touch of his doctor.  In his mind’s-eye he could clearly remember the expert movements of John’s deftly agile fingers at work whenever he had needed them.  The thoughts brought more than he wanted to remember, the memories of John’s hot hands frenziedly running the length of his back, his bottom, and his thighs—electrifying his skin even now, as he stood starring at himself in the café’s bathroom mirror.  The heat of the hauntingly tempting recollections had risen up from his collar, his cheeks pink and hot.
His thumb swiped across the screen and he opened the phone to inspect the thumbnail in full view.  When the picture was enlarged, it was obvious that it was not a message from John, yet he was propelled into motion all the same.  He frantically dashed to the bedroom, shedding the blue house coat and struggling into clothes.  The shirt and pants were rumpled but he had them on and was out the door to the flat in record time.  The phone pinged again, as he flagged down the closest taxi he could find and bellowed at the driver to take him to the address provided by the texter.
Once there John turned the rumpled bed covers down, grabbing his friend by the shoulders and pushed him to sit down on the edge of the mattress.  He didn't fuss with the clothes.  He simply laid Sherlock back and helped him swing his legs into the bed, before pulling the covers back over him.  Christ, he really did feel like he was caring for a child.
The yellow hand towels of dear Mrs. Hudson had been stained crimson, nearly black in places where the old dried blood had been cleaned away from the wound before John’s expert hands had taken to his skin with a needle and thread.  The movement of the needle passing smoothly through his skin was dulled to an uncomfortable tingle thanks to John’s on hand medical supplies, freeing more than just the pain.  Words and phrases came tumbling out, mostly tangled and incoherent, even though he still felt he was in complete control of his faculties as he did so.  The concern on his friend’s face transitioned to that baffled smile, accompanied by a ruddy color that rose on the sandy blonde’s cheeks, which made a warmth bloom within the detective’s gut.  The warmth had been addicting, a sensation that once experienced was consuming, which Sherlock hated to have dwindle and disappear.  Yet this had not been as stimulating as it had been to feel his mouth pressing firmly against the doctor’s, as his arms entangled the man greedily, wrestling the other down into the hot water of the bath he had been cleansing in.  Both soaked and cramped within the confines of the ceramic tub John had relented his struggles to Sherlock’s advancing touch, to the rapid aggression of his hands, mouth, and thrusts.
It was like someone had hit the delete key and erased everything.  Like the computer had for no apparent reason whatsoever simply shut down.  The power went out.  His mind was black and empty.
Casually reclined in a chocolate-toned leather chair sat the handsome figure of David. Forever locked in the Anglo-Indian body that had given him a new lease on life, a mortal life cut drastically short and replaced with immortality from Lestat. David was torn between amusement and annoyance at the elation his maker displayed in shouting his name through the glass that divided him from the warm aromatic coffee house and the chilled London street. Sighing deeply, he motioned for the energetic blond to come in and take the vacant seat across from him.  Lestat made his way into the coffee shop and David rose to greet his maker with a warm embrace.
They were useless thoughts that did little to quell the questions and the rage that was growing inside of him.
Sherlock was an arse.  A prick.  A giant dick.  What man really thought that he could so selfishly consume another person and then just as ruthlessly disappear?  John had been lost without him.  Lost and terribly wounded.  Sherlock had wanted so much of him, had given so much to him, and then had taken it all away, leaving the soldier more trauma than the war had sent him home to deal with.  Mary had helped him find himself again, to forget about the consulting detective, and learn to breathe again.  Sherlock had ruined that too, hadn't he?  By simply reappearing, like a magician in a damned show—poof!  Well, John hadn't thought it was very magical, even if Mary had thought it was rather entertaining.
Thanks to a_xmasmurder for looking this over for me.
“The state of you! Eat this, you’ll need a shower, before.”
“Lights to four.” The room dims by an order of magnitude and John pries his eyes open. “Better?”
“John, it’s fine. Sit. Eat your toast.”
The not-salt musky taste of the Dominus’ precome sends a jolt of pleasure through John.
He’d given up trying to actually keep Sherlock out of his room because every lock he installed seemed only challenge to Sherlock.
She smiles a bit and hands him a solid mug, plain and sturdy. “Don’t get any ideas, they are all unbreakable.”
The paper crumples. “Did you just ask me to fuck you?”
Home. Mycroft doesn’t do sentiment, even when he does. Sherlock hadn’t realized how much home sounds just exactly like John Watson’s name.
John rolls his head away, stretching out his neck and trying for an angle where he can push back into Murray’s thrusts.
Please don't hate me that there is no porn here. This has been floating around in the back of my brain for literal years and I finally wrote it all down but what are tenses and it hasn't been beta'd or anything.
Sherlock sags into the sofa, boneless and relaxed. John catches the side of his head and lowers him gently onto the pillow, manhandles him slowly out of his trousers and pants and lifts his legs onto the couch, trying to arrange his limbs in something like a comfortable sleeping position.
they need. They don’t produce any of the chemicals for emotion we do, hormones, adrenaline, serotonin or dopamine. So if they don’t feed… they don’t feel. Which if you asked Sherlock is fine and dandy. Ew,
The Dominus takes a step towards him, making John shiver and lick his lips. “You understand that your life belongs solely to me now?”
It is not difficult from there to deduce that John would be an enthusiastic, if not… perhaps practiced, or adept practitioner of felattio. A scenario which features regularly in Sherlock’s masturbation fantasies. Early on Sherlock experienced something that might resemble guilt about John’s appearance in his fantasies; with John’s constant reminders that he’s “not gay.” John’s mouth, his willingness, however fictional and fantastical, the beautiful idea of it wins out over any objections Sherlock’s conscience can raise. Tedious that “not gay” should mean “you’re not allowed to think about me
He lets himself brush a stray curl off Sherlock’s forehead before he pulls away finally and nearly bolts up the stairs to his room.
“I thought people would come after them, the whole pitchforks and torches mob. You haven’t met Mycroft. I couldn’t let that happen to him, I tried to stop them from going public. Turns out I was right, but that’s…” Greg rolls his shoulders back, visibly letting go of an argument he’s had more than once. “They think they are smarter than us because they live so much longer than us. It just makes them blind.”
John's cock is painfully hard and it’s a relief to wrap his spit-soaked fingers around it. He slides his hand down and cups his balls, tugging them up because all he wants to do is come.
“You’d rather it was me… what?” John shifts slightly and Sherlock’s stomach rolls, nausea rising up unbidden.
“Yes, Dominus.” John watches the Dominus move around the room, gathering items and putting them in the pockets of his overcoat. His movements are quick and sharp, nothing like the predator John’s been confronted with the last two times he’s been in this room. Still dangerous… but not… hungry. “Dominus, if I may, what am I supposed to do?”
“This was delicious, thank you Mrs. Hudson.” He pops the last bite in his mouth and scrapes the spoon around the bowl, catching stray bits of yogurt before licking the spoon clean.
John shakes the paper but doesn’t lower it. “That’s good to know. Neither can any of my
John groans, wishing that he had something to brace against as the Dominus starts to move, pulling almost all the way out before slamming back into him. “
“Need to taste you, good little soldier.” The Dominus pulls free from John’s mouth, and hauls John to his feet, hands wrapped around John’s wrists.
They’ve shared the bottle around, and there wasn’t enough for anyone to be really drunk, just… loose, and the stories start tumbling over each other around the fire, bragging and exaggerations of epic proportions. John’s heard all of Murray’s stories before so he stops paying attention, daydreaming instead about the way Murray’s hands would feel…
“Mrs. Hudson.”
John shrugs under the blankets, unable and unwilling to sit up to speak to her.  “Just bright.”
“Crude.” Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “And I was rather hoping for... a more mutual arrangement. I can be... versatile.” The look in John’s eyes makes Sherlock want to crawl across the floor and prove how versatile he is, but John still hasn’t said yes.
Time moves only in increments measured by Murray’s breath in John’s ear, the slow softening of Murray’s cock in John’s arse, and perhaps the slight brightening of the sky outside the dirty windows. John feels himself coming back together, the slight trickle of come down his thigh turning into something that he’d rather clean up than allow to continue. He shrugs his shoulders under Murray’s weight. “Oi, where’s my breakfast?”
John rides the last of Sherlock’s orgasm, letting up on the pressure of his arms a bit to allow Sherlock to fuck up into his mouth, and then he sucks hard as Sherlock collapses back onto the sofa, drawing another full-body tremor and a deep groan from Sherlock.
I love each and every one of you, thanks so much for reading... I seem to have worked out a timeline, so maybe... I don't know if we are going to do the thing. canon divergence... it's what's for dinner.
to one another. Do you have a preference?”
It matters a little that you would be naked too, not to start out, but maybe it is morning and you are still in your pyjamas. Impossible to guess, to think about what would have brought you here. That doesn't matter, he's there, you both are… he wants to be and…
He almost missed the snap of a latex glove, but not the sound of a lube bottle being opened, and definitely not the cold sensation of lube spilling between his arse cheeks and down over his hole. The Dominus circles his fingers once over John’s hole and then pushes in, two fingers robbing John of the ability to breathe for an instant. The Dominus waits just long enough for the discomfort to fade and then pulls out, pushing in again with three fingers. John’s back tenses and his head snaps up, an involuntary whimper in his throat.
***********************************
“Indeed. I will explain rules only once, you will obey them. If you do not obey there will be consequences.”
women friends thanks to you. Perhaps you are immune to my more manly attributes.”
“Someone else would have noticed that they weren’t on their assigned beat. The bodies were all found in different districts. So someone with access to transportation, but that wouldn’t stand out… someone people would naturally want to go with.”
“So no death wish then?” Greg raises an eyebrow slightly and moves back so John can leave the cell.
John groans but rolls, tilting his arse up and trying to hold himself up on his elbows. He gives up when Murray slides into him and lets his upper body collapse onto the floor. If Murray wants to fuck him this way Murray can do the work of holding John’s body up. He sighs, letting the sensation of Murray fucking him become a warm background of pleasure that doesn’t require any action on his part to sustain or complete.
Briefly, Sherlock had wondered if there had been some hearing damage, if John’s conversational fascinations were, not merely, but in part an attempt to read lips. John’s wound was never fully explained, perhaps there had been an explosion as well. The idea is quickly discarded, John doesn’t miss words when Sherlock turns his back, understands when Sherlock talks with his mouth covered or full of toast. In the end, it is much preferable to be able to watch John watching him, fascinating to catalogue John’s reactions, because over a long enough timeline John forgets that Sherlock is watching him back and just… watches, reacts and… licks his lips.
Think about John.
As always Consulting_Smartass is my most amazing beta and support. I'm honestly not sure I would still be writing if not for you my dear.
(See the end of the chapter for
way.” There are lines, even Sherlock can grasp that… but what happens in the bedrooms of Sherlock’s mind palace stays in the mind palace.
John inhales sharply through his nose and grits his teeth as Murray pushes into him. “Fuck
But then she’s gone, and Sherlock has to put John back together again. As much as he… he wants to make things better for John, but it is hard to mourn a woman that murdered you in cold blood. Sherlock almost thinks that he should be grateful to her, giving him a chance to bleed out in John’s arms, giving John a chance to try to save him. She could have just shot him in the head, ended it instantly. And Sherlock doesn’t want to think about what that would have done to John. Both of them selfish in the end…
The fingers in his arse close, but twist and thrust faster than before. John groans at each brush over his prostate. The moment when his body tips over from pain into pleasure is palatable, his head drops between his shoulders.
raw… see how...” The rest dissolves as Murray fucks into John, short sharp thrusts that only end when Murray bottoms out.
Which doesn’t actually happen for some time. He’s left to wait long enough that he considers calling out, wondering if the Dominus has forgotten about him. Or if he’s been left outside the wrong door. His eyes are drooping when the door opens and he recoils in surprise, stopping short of pulling on the chain.
“John.”
you. Your body will let me in like I belong inside you, I will be a part of you… you will feel my loss as emptiness, accept me filling you as… but now you fight,
“The jumpers purchased for you by your
He’s hauled back to his feet, the button on John’s fly popping off and skittering across the room as Murray pulls at his trousers. He actually manages to help Murray as he pushes down John’s trousers and pants past his knees before he’s facing the door again and Murray is kicking his feet apart.
Harry mocked him, spewed the same drivel about being more than humankind. John reminded her that humans had managed to put both their grandfather and Father in the ground. “We aren’t going to win when they decide to come for us, Harry. The only thing we can do is make sure they don’t bother coming at all.”
I'm sure no one will mind... but the next chapter is going to be pretty heavily pornographic... and kinky.... all the kinky.
Murray drops John’s left leg and reaches down, pinching John’s nipple through the thin cotton of his t-shirt, enough pain that everything lights up and John comes, upper body contracting around the point of contact.
“Did you even try?” Greg pushes himself up, bare feet making a quiet sound on the floor as he moves over to his cell door and pushes the bars open. It swings out without even a whisper and John has to close his jaw with a snap.
“What is it?”
John rolls his face against the door, trying to get an angle to see Murray. “What the hell?”
He pinches his eyes shut again, trying to make his heart rate settle down, to stretch slowly to regain sensation in his limbs.
“There’s time… He’s out. Just… eat.”
John has a moment of irrational jealousy. “So he feeds off you? I thought you said… who’s Mycroft?”
Mrs. Hudson comes up later with tea and a rather obvious flush of victory. She smiles at John and pats his shoulder.
And then Sherlock is away, and he tries not to think about John too much, because… well because the space beside him is empty, and there is so much to do that poking at the empty space distracts.
Sherlock bounds to his feet already digging in his pockets, searching for his mobile, the rug still over his shoulders. “He left me this way, how should I know how long it has been?”
“That’s it, baby. Come for me, come because I’m fucking you.” Murray’s voice is low and deep and John thinks… maybe… maybe he could get off just listening to Murray talk about fucking John six ways from Sunday.
“No. Fair enough, you wouldn’t.” Greg looks away and takes a step towards the blank wall opposite the door. It slides open soundlessly to revel the Dominus’ bedroom and John balks slightly.
Post-case sit down meals, always in a different restaurant, one last chance for Sherlock to show off how brilliant he is before he’s off looking for the next case. John enjoys the ritual of it, the bickering over the menu, the way Sherlock leans in over the table to explain the finer points of his deductions, whispering to John in confidence. Sherlock always bolts his food, he eats after cases the same way he does everything else he finds tedious, as quickly and efficiently as possible.
“Something… will happen eventually. I’ve known that for ages. I’d rather it was you.”
John considers panicking again, but the truth of how he feels overwhelms him. “Like someone put me in cryo and then beat me with a rolling pin to see if I’d bruise.” John finishes stretching out, and tries to prop himself up on his elbows to look for the source of the voice. He expects someone at the door to his cell, but is vaguely distraught to find the man sitting on one of the other cots. “Are you the fresh meat?” John winces and gives up holding himself up, falling back onto the cot.
“I know very little.” She said.
Any inhibitions that he’d had left had been washed away by the taste of the other man’s essence on his tongue. His teeth threatened dangerous promises along Sherlock’s torso while his fingers traced down, seeking and finding the other man’s straining erection. The immortal gripped him and began to stroke in a deliberately slow pace, fingers shifting and wrist twisting as he worked his way up and down the length.
“Hmm?” came back a quick response that set the vampire at ease. He was distracted but as he had calculated, the man was still with it enough to drive safely.
"We all want something, Lestat. What exactly is it that you want?" David’s calm demeanor was beginning to annoy his maker.
David waited as a quiet moment passed before he asked, “Is that it, then?”
Sherlock was not in the mood to entertain an uninvited guest.  Picking up his violin he began to make himself busy, first adjusting the pegs, before bringing the instrument to his chin.  He drew the bow across the strings in a few quick strokes, testing the pitch, and adjusting where necessary.  Lestrade was not deterred.  The man crossed the room and planted himself in plain view.  Then he cleared his throat in an authoritative manner, jutting his chin ever so slightly, as he dug his hands into the pockets of his trousers.  Sherlock drew his bow across the strings, playing a long slow A.
John had never let himself loose like this.  His body moved more like liquid rather than a solid physical force.  The world rushed past him in streaks of light.  His arms and legs pumped, his muscles moving his body in an unnatural way.  His nostrils flared as the scent of the man he hunted grew stronger and suddenly he stopped.
Sherlock found that he really was having a hard time reading her, deducing her.  It was aggravating and irksome, so he reverted to direct questioning.  “What exactly did he tell you?”  It was said in a darker tone than he had intended and her eyes snapped up to meet with his, immediately suspicious.
This did keep the detective distractedly busy for most of the day.  As he worked his mind was plagued by bothersome remembrances of what he must have dreamt that night prior.  Thoughts of the doctor, of what they had shared, how they had been together, and more disturbingly of something dark and fearsome stealing the man away.  He tried to dispel the disconcerting thoughts that interrupted his preparations and drew his attention elsewhere with little success, proving only to annoy him further.  He took little stock in such dreams, such rampant emotion tinged thoughts, and therefore was irked by the power he required to rid himself of their pestering nuisance.  It had grown dark outside by the time he had completed his endeavor and everything was set.
"Angelo is cooking us dinner tonight."
John squeezed his friends hand and Sherlock noted that there was now an unguarded and somewhat passionate warmth in his friend’s glazed eyes. Sherlock believed this must now be mirrored in his own gaze. Such was the feelings bubbling to his surface, feelings stirred by the loving and affectionate words he had been gifted from his friend.It scared Sherlock. Scared him that this fascinating and idiotic man in front of him could unknowingly elicit such feeling from the depths of Sherlock’s soul.Images of the stag night fleetingly burst forth into his mind.Dangerous territory.He gruffly spoke whilst quickly pulling his hand away from the danger in front of him.
P.s if you agree to this then come into the living room and wake Sherlock up with a kiss.
"ANGELO could we have a candle on this table before you leave?".
"There are nightclubs to pick up women or men.A man of reasonable attractiveness like yourself could easily have any partner in that situation."
Which one?
"That’s something someone like me would do to achieve it,but ordinary men like yourself."
This is why I bottle up my deepest emotions.I remember why I do it now.It’s to prevent catastrophes like the one developing in front of us because I don’t know when to keep my mouth shut -JW
John swirled the cold,congealed food around on his plate,long forgotten by both men.
“You changed the title, John”
John moved his hand to lightly touch Sherlocks.The action surprised both but neither flinched nor backed away from the sensations the touch brought.It merely served to spur John on in his quest for answers.
"No Sherlock,I mean she will start to go completely mental when she finds out about us,and if we make even half the noises we made tonight when we do that again,she will find out really quickly".
"All that sodding intelligence coupled with your super powers of deduction and yet you....I thought you ....but you had no ....you never saw...ohhhh that's about right though...that just makes about as much sense...all this time I was thinking that you worked it out and chose to just ignore my feeli...stupid git....stupid gits actually...a story...it's all came tumbling out in a drunken fairy story....
"That’s another thing.I’m named after you aren’t I?Cheryl…Sherlock..Another example to add to my,’are my uncle and dad secretly shagging one another?’list.My yes column is bursting to capacity by the way …."
There was no unravelling of shirts as they thudded against walls towards the nearest bedroom.There was only clasped hands and gentle caresses,as they walked quietly towards their future together.
John swung round from the cell door and flew at Sherlock with a ferocity the detective had never witnessed before.Just when Sherlock was convinced he may have underestimated John’s current abilities and would have to fight him just to stay alive, a very different outcome from the one he was predicting began to take shape.As quickly as John lunged at him, he seemed to stop dead right in front of the detective.So close that his breath was gently gliding around Sherlocks skin.When he spoke next it sounded pained,weak and defeatist.
"What?…….John what were you saying just now? …I was….."
"We had a conversation that night that I want to have again."
Harry Watson:
"You say sorry young lady before…"
The blush in Sherlocks cheeks slowly rose and he dropped his eyes to look away from the doctor.
"No….no…Sherlock is my date tonight Mrs Hudson."
"Didn’t want you panicking."
“shut up Sherlock”
"We are not repeating the conversation of eight years ago John.Not as I remember it anyway."
Just a bit....-SH
Mrs Hudson looked at him for a second before bursting out laughing.She was wiping tears from her eyes as Sherlock was entering the kitchen again with his phone.He tossed the phone at her before putting his hands in his pockets and resuming his position next to the flustered doctor.
Obviously Sherlock is equally as besotted. He ran into a bonfire to save John.
Sherlock turned his head to John who was looking more and more like he was drowning in the whole conversation.It was either that or the sad expression on his face was him trying desperately to picture the little girl he once knew with the pigtails, comfort blanket and a teddy called Morty ( they had tried to stop her in every way possible but she insisted her teddy was to be called after Moriarty for reasons which were never explained to a sulky looking Sherlock that day).Sherlock was stirred from his thoughts when John roused himself enough to join the present day and focus his eyes back upon Sherlock.
—————————————————————————————————————————
"I’d hardly call this little but yes.Maybe I am less willing to put up with some of your shit now but …Well ….that happens to you when the person you care about most in the world fake dies on you,then casually reappears TWO FUCKING YEARS LATER with a lousy French accent,a bad attitude and a mascara moustache."
BLOG CONVERSATION
Upon those words falling from Sherlocks lips,John had unconsciously moved closer to him until their lips were only inches apart.John flicked his eyes from Sherlocks mouth to his eyes and a predatory mischievous smile flashed across his face.He was suddenly becoming aroused and Sherlock was very aware of it.Their legs brushed together under the table as John slid his hand down towards Sherlocks knee and gave it a loving squeeze.They had momentarily forgot about the teenage daughter sulking in the room not far away.John’s voice was rumbling and low when he next spoke.
And there it was.A face turned from disappointment and heartache to elation in the blink of an eye.From John almost wanting to kill Sherlock to having to restrain himself from hugging him.A weight lifted from Cheryl, she seemed to become more confident to proceed with whatever this was all about.
"He does like to stick his fat belly in where it’s not welcome.He clearly was removing her from a particular situation he deemed dangerous,so a boy then.Early hours of this morning.Well before five,i’ll explain that later.Probably one of his drones assigned to her saw something on the security cameras he didn’t like and informed Mycroft.He picked you up but didn’t take you home .Gave you a chance to calm down and sober up clearly."
“Yes, John…”
With his mouth now free from being consumed by John,Sherlock could finally utter all the incoherable sounds that John was swallowing before.He still hadn’t touched the doctor and he was not entirely sure why.The only thing that came to mind was that if he touched this man who was clealry confused and about to be married, he might never want to let him go again but John might want to let him go when the reality of this became apparent.
"I’m aware of what I’m doing…so let me get on with it."
" How did you know that would completely get me….ummmmmmmmmmm."
Harry Watson:
This is hardly a ‘catastrophe’ John-Sh
Tell me how he couldn't stop thinking about you.
"John....you don't have to pretend..."
"And why was I sick again? Who increased the alcohol dosage of the evening without telling me?"
"Fuuuuuuuuck"
Sherlock lifted the glass that John poured for him and swirled the golden liquid a few times before lifting it to his lips and swallowing it whole.He stuck out his hand and wordlessly requested that his glass be replenished.John was only too happy to oblige. Five empty glasses later and Sherlock was still perceptive enough to notice the sticky notes and pen sitting next to John’s feet.
"How does she know about us Sherlock?We’ve been careful and we…"
Harry Watson:
"Sherlocks right.Whoever the lucky girl is she’d be crazy to say no.So what’s she like?"
Mycroft Holmes:
Cheryl bounded across the living room pushing past Sherlock as she went,her long black coat flapping in her wake.John with lightning speed followed quickly behind her raising his voice with every stride.
John stood up once more and began to point in Sherlocks direction again.He was becoming more and more agitated as the conversation continued.
"We’ll if you keep unnecessarily pushing me,we’ll find out won’t we."
"Where have you been? We’ve have been worried sick about you."
John eyed Sherlock in shock for a moment before shaking it away.He slowly stood up and as Sherlock keenly watched,John removed his belt and then his trousers,all the while never taking his eyes off the man on all fours in front of him.When it got to the point for John to remove his pants he stopped.
"Do you need to tell her.Can you not just conceal it."
"Only if you knew my methods to disable you."
Calm down John.Currently this blog is invisible to everyone other than the four of us.Not even Mrs Hudson can see on Mrs Turner's computer.
I made my way into the kitchen and was met with a tea tray of biscuits, a vase with a single red rose and a red envelope with dad/John written on it.Intrigued, I opened it and this is what was inside…
It's good to be home.
"We’ll go and bloody get it then."
"Well if you don’t shut up and go to sleep you will."
"No, but we are adding eight years worth of friendship and love and feeling to it now.We’re changing it for the better.Do you understand what I’m trying to say here Sherlock?"
The discussion was interrupted by the anger erupting from the doctor smashing pots and pans around in the Kitchen.
Harry Watson:
"No problem Mrs Hudson,Sherlock do you have your phone?"
"Wrong."
February 19th, 2019
"Obviously John."
The ex-criminal wished them goodnight and exited the flat leaving them completely alone.Sherlock,who up until that point had his piercing eyes firmly fixed on the crook restauranteur ,snapped them confusedly back to John the minute he heard the door click shut.
Sherlock
"Thought you’d never ask."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and strode towards the hall  to find the means of getting the cause of this interruption to the night, out of their way.As Mrs Hudson and John stood smiling at one another and waiting in the kitchen, the landlady looked around her,noting the candle and the romantic music.However she said nothing.
Hold on...love ...partners? Me and Sherlock?That's not what is going on..We....we are not...we are not together like that ....
"What you and ‘Uncle’ Sherlock.I’m sure you had other things to amuse you both in my absence."
"No. I don’t have a boyfriend.There is ….someone..he’s a bit annoying but incredibly loyal.He hangs on my coat tails and follows me around like a little lost puppy dog at times, but he’s alright I suppose.If you are into that sort of thing."
Sherlock ignored his queries and continued on his train of thought.
John Watson:
"You’ll do no such thing John Watson.Mad woman or not we both know what I did to the last person who tried to hurt her."
I used to think it was the lure of the case that kept me at your side.I used to tell myself that you were the means to a dangerous end.A way to satisfy the unquenchable thirst of the soldier in me.It’s taken me a long time to come to terms with the fact that you are not a means to an end.You ARE my end and my beginning.It’s you that makes me live Sherlock Holmes.You really bloody do make this world worth living in,NOT the cases you dangle in front of me like bait because you’re terrified if you don’t keep supplying my fix,I’ll leave your side one day.-JW
John removed his head from his hands and began to become much more interested in the conversation.
WE DESERVE A  MEDAL MISS WATSON.
Stop being so horrible about Greg ( Lestrade).
Mrs Hudson practically ran towards them,throwing herself in between her two boys.Her two stupid boys who had FINALLY saw sense.
I retract my initial statement.This is not boring at all.It’s wonderful.I hope they marry-SH
As if to prove his point, he reached for John's hand and placed it between his legs...
John Watson:
John I am going to bed now.I have left a glass of water and two aspirin on the table next to your chair.Gavin can get his own.-SH
Mycroft Holmes:
My brother put a death sentence on his head for your brother,his wife and that child!If it hadn't been for Moriarty returning,that Eastern European mission would have killed him in six months as I told him it would!He willingly went to his death to ensure Johns happiness in life.So don't try and play the whose brother is the more committed game.You'd lose!Especially when we consider the fact that your brother chose to marry a psychopath who then preceded to shoot Sherlock.A Psychopath who helped him spawn that niece you are so concerned about.
"Just like that?"
Harry Watson:
Me and Sherlock care about one another deeply but we have never.We are not together like that!
"Wouldn’t it be amazing if we could screw one another at the same time in a prison cell that anyone could walk into at any moment? would it be great to take each other into our warm wet mouths and screw one another senseless? You want it don’t you? You want your mouth on mines and mines on yours.Maybe you want Lestrade to walk in and watch us?Maybe you want that John.Tell me what you want John?"
Many thanks again to Consulting Smartass for being the best friend and beta a dirty minded fan writer could ask for
I feel like I should warn that future chapters of this, which are not yet written- and thank you for staying with me so far- contain multiships and partner swapping. I'll warn for it when we get there... but... it is definitely happening... probably sooner than later.
Sherlock is not nice, and this chapter is meant to explain why Sherlock is not nice but not to excuse it. John is still here fundamentally against his will.
“I missed… in the hospital, a lot has happened.”
Maybe it is the wine, but Sherlock blushes, just a hint of red in his cheeks, and spilling down his neck.
You could pull back, ask him if it was alright. "Like that?" He'd nod or grunt or just push his face back down on your cock.
John stares at his hands for a moment, remembering how Sherlock had felt in his grip, and then he raises his left hand to his mouth and licks between his first two fingers. The scent and taste of Sherlock is faint but its there, and before John knows what he is doing he’s sucking hard on his fingers and trying to get himself out of this clothes with his right hand.
It hangs over Sherlock’s head, the expectation that he will go too far and lose John for good. The worry that John’s drinking will slide over the edge from soothing to dependency, the desperation to find enough cases going to keep John interested, keep him working and
He breaks away reluctantly… he’d like nothing more than to wrap himself around Sherlock and sleep himself. Alas the temptation to get off on Sherlock’s sleeping form is far too strong; he wants and if Sherlock is sleeping he doesn’t trust himself not to take. He rips himself free and retreats to Sherlock’s room, pulls the duvet off the bed and bundles it in his arms, resisting the urge to bury his nose in it and inhale.
John stands and picks up the pill, fingers barely touching the warmth of her hand. “I remember something about leafy greens.”
“Only three percent of your fellows felt the same way. We’ll be able to expand the mining operation with the number of volunteers. Oh course, we have to watch them… rebels. Tedious.” His fingers trail over John’s hairline, running against the grain into his military haircut. “You’ll have to grow this out a bit, I’ll want something to pull.”
It worked just fine on Mrs. Hudson, nothing to cause her concern, just enough to keep her prying to a minimum. They should have worked on Sherlock, and probably would if the man had any sense of self preservation at all.
John follows the tug, stumbling as he adjusts to the Dominus pulling him across the room. He doesn’t balk when they enter the Dominus’ bedroom, not even when they angle away from the bed towards a frame of steel bars and suspension chains. His hands are released and repositioned over his head, maglocks engaging with the chains. His collar is attached to a shorter chain, forcing him to stand on tiptoe.
The last waves of John’s orgasm pass, and he’s falling, no longer supported by the Dominus’ bite, and unable to hold himself up.
John sighs and sits down on the edge of the cot, balancing the tea at arms length. “I told him I don’t have a death wish.”
Sherlock’s heart contracts, leaps against his ribcage. “There is no need to mock me, John. A simple no would suffice.”
It shouldn’t shock Sherlock as much as it does when she kills him, shouldn’t surprise her as much as it does when Sherlock shows John what she is. The three of them could have been perfect together.
“No, Dominus. I don’t have a death wish.”
The Dominus gestures at the floor in front of him. “Kneel, hands behind your back.”
The sound of the door lock engaging puts some tension in John’s shoulders.
“You knew! You knew before they started all this? Why didn’t you stop them?” John is glad the coffee mug is unbreakable, or it might have shattered in his grip. He can’t bring himself to throw it at Greg’s head though.
” John inhales sharply through his nose, eyes screwed tight shut under the blindfold. “
“You have cardio scheduled every day, workout and cardio every other day, they rotate morning and afternoon. I wouldn’t know really, I just follow the schedule in the mornings. He also wants you weaned off refined sugars and carbs.”
The Dominus’ left eyebrow rises and his eyes flick away, searching for a com device. “Computer, run a search: private and public taxis and rickshaws with logged destinations or unscheduled stops at the sites each body was found, cross reference with the established TOD. Forward the result to Dimmock with instructions. Quote: “I trust you can arrest the one that matches all four deaths.” Unquote.”
“Okay. So.” Greg pours whiskey into his coffee mug, stops for a second and then adds a bit more, refilling the mug. “Dominii, they are like the old stories about vampires right? They need to drink our blood to survive, but they can go out in the sun and don’t give a damn about holy symbols, or silver bullets or whatever crap the old stories say. Only it isn’t
There’s a long moment of silence. John doesn’t turn to try to look at the Dominus, knows better just on basic principle than to speak until spoken to.
John lets the babble of the news wash over him, carrying him through until lunch, with only a tiny corner of his mind paying attention to the time display in the corner of the screen. As promised Mrs. Hudson arrives with another bowl, this time containing salad, with an excellent vinaigrette.
Sherlock looks nearly presentable with the duvet tucked under his chin. Mrs. Hudson won’t be shocked if she comes in before Sherlock wakes in the morning, and it won’t be the first time Sherlock has wandered around the flat without his pants.
“I do, Dominus.” His cock twitches, remembering Murray holding him down, fingers stuffed in his mouth to keep John quiet, taking him quick and raw in their foxhole.
“I get to run?” He smirks a bit at that. Knowing he wouldn’t get far if he tried to run away.
“C’mon, let’s go put the kettle on. I might need coffee for this.” He moves to stand in front of John’s cell door. Waits for him to unfurl himself out of bed. “If we are
John’s head slips to the side as Murray crushes him into the corner, pushing deep and hard until he has to gather John up and pull him back across the floor and into Murray’s lap. John groans and Murray slaps his hand hard over John’s mouth. The edge of Murray’s pinkie finger presses against John’s nostrils.
John shudders at the idea of Mrs. Hudson in his room, scrubs his hands across his face. And that is a mistake because his skin reeks of Sherlock, faint traces of sweat and come lingering in the spaces between John’s fingers.
“Probably.” The Dominus watches him for a moment and then licks his lips. “Disrobe.”
, enough please.”
“All the same to you, I don’t think I will risk it.”
This is another John/Murray flashback chapter. Warnings for rough sex (and barebacking) and not-great sexual etiquette.
The top part of the vest peels away as it loosens, first one then three of his tentacles slipping loose and sliding up the back of his neck and into his hairline. He shivers and pulls at the lacing in the last two loops. His tentacles push against the vest and it falls to the floor with a damp sound and the cool air of the room slams into him. He’s soaked, sweat and tentacle-slick trails down his back and over his hips, cool trickles over his super-heated skin. He pushes aside the thought that it has been so long that he’s not even trying to seek out another person, his body is automatically seeking to pleasure itself… and maybe that’s because he knows there’s no one else in the room… but it could also be that the animal part of his lust has forgotten… “
“Good morning.” John tries for light and carefree but even he can tell that his voice sounds rough and… well horrible.
If you couldn't you'd push him down, prop him up against the bed and fuck him hard and fast, or maybe slow and smooth. You'd fuck him until he was boneless and you'd come inside him. Then you'd pull him back and kiss him. Kiss the lips that opened for you when you asked because they wanted to.
“Fucking… tight little tart.” Murray pushes John forward, pulling out and splashing come over John’s arse. He slicks his cock with it and pushes back into John.
*************************************************
“No… oh no. I have work to do. This place doesn’t keep itself tidy. Try not to worry, he’s… it isn’t as bad as all that.”
, the near conspiratorial tone that makes John’s pulse quicken and the tiniest flush of colour rise in his cheeks. Unseen behind the paper.
“It’s so big…. oh gods… gods… I can’t…
John swallows hard and nods, looking down at the bowl in his hand and remembering he is supposed to be eating.
John responds by moving his tongue, hauling in air through his nose whenever Murray pulls back enough to clear John’s airway. His mouth and throat relax as Murray fucks him, and it is all so
“Did you just solve four murders?” John watches the Dominus drop the com unit back onto his desk. His heart is pounding, and he has to consciously relax his left hand.
So you'd whisper in his ear while you touch him. Tell him how tight and wet he is, how good he makes you feel. "Are you close, John?"
John presses another kiss against his lips, exhaling against Sherlock’s mouth, radiating warmth and sleep, the heavy weight of post-orgasmic contentment. Strokes his fingers over Sherlock’s temple and down his jaw, even as Sherlock makes an effort to lift his hand and pull John closer to him.
Murray pulls back, swiping his spit-slick fingers over John’s fist and cock before taking hold of both of John’s ankles and holding his legs apart.
John shakes out his shoulders and settles in to wait as Mrs. Hudson turns the far corner and vanishes. The white, cool quiet of the hall settles around John like a deep layer of snow. He thinks that the Dominus must either enjoy making him wait, or he’s still out doing whatever it is that Dominii do.
Think about him naked. Think about him naked on the floor of your bedroom. No, not like that… Kneeling, hands behind his back… ridiculous pink plastic handcuffs around his wrists. The kind they give as gifts at hen nights to make boring vanilla women giggle behind their hands. The kind John could break like a twig if he tried. All he'd need to do is twist and they would snap apart in an instant, fall away and he'd be free.
Everyone knows John Watson is… well, orally fixated. It would take someone even more dense than Anderson to miss the way John licks his lips, the fact that John doesn’t make eye contact so much as stare at the lips of the person he is talking to.
“Delicious, so much better than the synthetics. Are you ready?”
The sound of the lock turning on the door answers him. John can feel the click of the bolt through the wood, the faint grinding sound of unused metal sounding loud against the pounding of his heart.
are always two sizes too large.” Sherlock wonders how these women can hope to have any claim on John at all, when they can’t even make an
“Something about consent... apparently it’s fine for you to consent to be the object of my sexual and dietary needs in public. But I’m not allowed to assume the consent of…” he gestures vaguely at the area of the room that doesn’t contain John; “other people.” He wrinkles his nose, making the words sound like the worst sort of insult.
John uses his free hand to make sure the button is actually sewn on before pulling his fingers out and spreading his legs further for Murray. “Use the rest of that on your cock, or you’re fetching my rations for me… actually I think you
And then there was sex
“Nowhere to go. But I’m not in a hurry to try the big sleep either.” John shuffles out, resisting the urge to lean on the bars of the cell. He pulls down the edge of his collar, showing off the metal band around his neck. “Didn’t figure I would get too far.”
John’s stomach felt empty, with the vague sort of nauseous that could go either way. If he ate something now he might feel better, but he also might be violently ill afterwards. “Toast?”
John hums to himself, enjoying the little bursts of sensation along his nerves as his cock fills. “Are you finished?”
A tear slides down Sherlock’s cheek, he knows what happened... everything is still there, except the mysterious death of the cabbie is actually a mystery. Chunks of dialogue missing from the screenplay of his memory, a meal eaten alone and in silence. “Please, John. I don’t want this. I need… I’d rather it was you.”
