“You want to fuck me.” Sherlock was blunt, accusing. “You want to bite me and breed me. You’re an animal! You don’t care about me, not really, I’m just a hole for you to use. That’s what your beta thinks. Obvious again. She’s prejudiced but you won’t let yourself see it. She’s jealous because I can give you a dozen pups while she might only ever manage one. Stupid. I don’t want babies. Why does she hate me then just because she does? I’m probably sterile now, how’s that for a laugh? Why do I even bother, you’re not listening again, you’re too busy imagining what it would be like to knot me.”
“Shit.” The doctor was sitting in the back close to Sherlock and was frowning at the abrasions he now saw, “Fuck. I realize it’s against the law to sell you uncuffed, but do they damage merchandise on purpose?”
She came to him, her face a mess of tears, her arms extended as if to embrace him. John held back a stomach-churning retch and stepped away from her. “John, no! I love you, John, don’t leave me! We can work this out, I’m clean, David is clean, we’re normally more careful than this but I know you helped Sherlock through his heat and I just wanted someone to be with.
. Serendipitous as their meeting was, Sherlock planned to take every opportunity with Danny. He’d help him solve his case, have sex, learn how to be in a relationship, and do everything that he’d never get to do with John.
They smoked in silence for a minute, “She’s my friend’s daughter. My god-daughter.” He didn’t know why he was explaining anything to a stranger. Danny was comfortable to talk to, and he reminded Sherlock a bit of himself. He had high sharp cheekbones, and everything about his body made Sherlock recall his days of drugs and living rough on the street. Their bench-neighbours eventually got up and wandered away, but the detective made no move to take advantage of the greater space now available.
Two weeks later, Sherlock was shouting at the nursing staff, texting his brother, his mother, the prime minister, and even the Queen on one audacious occasion, ordering all of them to let him leave. “Stop it, Sherlock! You’re going to get arrested.” John snatched Sherlock’s mobile away but gave it back almost immediately when Sherlock made a sad face. He had no ability to deny his omega anything and he was so grateful that Sherlock was still with him that he had begun allowing his omega to indulge himself as much as Sherlock wanted. He even filtered who had visitation access, blocking people like Lestrade and even Molly, mainly because their visits immediately resulted in Sherlock trying to sneak off to the morgue or worse, to demand to be wheelchaired over to a crime scene so he could check things over.
John looked up and seemed startled but then a large warm smile spread across his face, “Starving. Where?”
He went back downstairs and went to his room. He wasn’t entirely sure why he’d just told John to do this but somehow, he knew he’d made the correct choice. Sherlock hadn’t forgiven John, and wouldn’t forget what had happened, but the doctor’s words at the dinner table had had a certain impact that he couldn’t define yet. He heard John descending from his room and leaving the flat. Perhaps he’d be back, perhaps he’d stay away. Sherlock closed his eyes and willed himself to sleep. It was impossible to keep thinking and feeling at the same time.
“I feel the same about you, Sherlock, you’re amazing. I’ve always thought so.” The air seemed perfumed, and it was deliciously warm. Sherlock was sprawled over John, and their bodies were writhing against each other’s. John couldn’t get enough of the feel of Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock seemed to be having the same problem. They struggled to keep kissing while at the same time, hungered to explore each other’s bodies with mouth as well as hands.
John was still using his crutch and almost fell over when Donovan stepped into the room. “Watson?” She looked back and forth between them, “Glad you worked things out.” She didn’t pause and simply turned to speak to Sherlock, “We got the call, and I’ve been sent ‘round to take your statement. Care to tell us what happened?”
Anthea smiled gently, “I imagine it’s because he was your friend first and he’s a bit protective of you, after everything. DI Lestrade is a man with a rather stern personal code.”
. He has seriously abused suppressants as well as other pharmaceuticals to make it this far, and he can’t do so any longer without increasing the risk to his life. He needs to go through this heat with
There was a fresh flurry of texts at 2 PM which he deleted unread. At 3, the bell on the front door rang. It was Anthea, and she was holding his violin case and skull. “Where would you like your bags to be taken?” Sherlock nodded toward his room, and a short line of energetic people carrying reusable totes entered. In 20 minutes, they managed to unload all of Sherlock’s clothing into the empty wardrobe and dresser, filled the guest bathroom with his products, and stowed boxes of his books and equipment in one of the spare bedrooms, setting up collapsible tables to house everything else until Sherlock had the inclination to use any of it. Obviously, Mycroft had ordered his people to retrieve
John wink saucily at Sherlock and it made him feel sick inside. John was obviously a very knowledgeable physician because he made Sherlock stand right in front of him, tugging his slave’s pyjama bottoms down. In no time at all, Sherlock was hard. He’d never had someone’s mouth on him before, but John just sucked him like he was dessert. The doctor had no trouble taking Sherlock down to the root, in fact, gagging himself on Sherlock’s cock seemed to arouse him, “I love doing this, but I think it’s my turn for a little ride around the sheets.”
Sherlock gave him the name of the street he was on but kept walking. There was a distinct lack of messages from John for the entire time. Mycroft had three homes in London; one that he lived in, one that his colleagues thought he lived in where he took important meetings, and a guesthouse for their parents when they came to Town. Sherlock a room in each of them, a space set aside permanently for him whenever he needed it.
Ideas percolated slowly through John’s much-diminished consciousness. He wasn’t so much generating new ideas as he was responding to the stimuli he was presented. If his omega wasn’t happy then John had to try something different, or maybe, he thought, he should try something the same. Sherlock would lead the way, so all John had to do was emulate his omega.
Sherlock just shrugged. “We’ll figure it out. It’s already the best Christmas I’ve ever had and it’s not even midnight yet.”
Dark blue eyes looked up at him and then down, slowly. Sherlock grinned when the soldier paused deliberately when looking at Sherlock’s crotch. The other soldiers were sniggering and already elbowing each other, “Go on, doc, get some!”
With a hard look, Sherlock scowled at the short man in front of him, saying sharply, “Long enough that we are now living together. Danny just brought his things in today.” Graciously, Danny allowed Sherlock to also wrap an arm around him, “I’ll just be a minute, my darling, all right? I just need to get Rosie’s things and have a word with her father.”
For a horrible moment, all the monitors in the room produced a single flat note. Sherlock’s heart had stopped. John felt faint as if a gaping chasm had opened in his soul because his mate was technically dead. The doctors scrambled to restart it, succeeding one long minute later, and the ache in John’s chest burned like new fire. He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s ear, whispering words of devotion and love, making promises to his beloved omega, recklessly swearing to never clean the fridge again unless Sherlock said it was okay, and that he’d allow as much dust as Sherlock wanted to accumulate in the flat without a word of protest, or how he’d take all of Sherlock’s clothing to the dry cleaners instead of throwing most of it in the wash with his clothes. John was willing to promise anything at all if it meant Sherlock would just stay.
will. You know John better than he knows himself, and John is here as your doctor, as your friend, and
John rather liked them. He knew that Sherlock was completely capable of dressing like a lady when he needed to for a case but the presence of this style of bespoke shoes was making John think that perhaps Sherlock liked prettier clothing for wearing when he
John felt his jaw swing open a bit and hurriedly closed his mouth. Sherlock was plainly asking him on a date and blushing while he did it. He’d never seen the normally self-possessed man look more uncertain. “You want to go out on a date...with me?”
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look hard, “I am excellent at what I do, even if I haven’t been very appreciated for my skills of late. I don’t have a partner currently, so my schedule is wide open.”
John was still down deep but managed to respond to the part of the unintentional command he’d been given that was within his scope, “These days, Anderson would likely be on the floor next to me, hoping that you’ll allow him to serve you as I would.”
“I love you too.” John felt faint now and his cheeks hurt a bit from the amount of smiling that he was doing. They both stood there staring at one another, grinning. “I don’t know what to do now. I didn’t really plan this or anything.”
This time their cab had no other destination but home, but Sherlock wasn’t disappointed. The garlands and ornaments were welcoming instead of garish and off-putting, and their flat smelled like vanilla cookies and joyfulness. When they entered their flat, John laughed and pointed to their entryway. Mrs Hudson had strung up a large mistletoe on a bright red ribbon and they were both standing beneath it, “Yeah?”
“Where is it, John? I kept the backup for my research on there, and I want it.” Sherlock had. He hadn’t thought about that until now.
Sherlock flittered around nervously. He didn’t have a clue what to expect from John. They hadn’t discussed last night at all and every minute that passed took Sherlock further and further away from his comfort zone. By the time John emerged from the shower, cheeks pink from the steamy heat, Sherlock had wound himself up into a state of almost catatonic worry. He stood frozen by the very same fireplace where John had done things to Sherlock’s body that he’d never even once contemplated doing, his eyes wide and unblinking as the doctor approached. John’s face was a study in amusement as he shocked Sherlock by coming right over and wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s unmoving waist, “Breath.”
John seemed to know just what to do to soothe him. Using his right hand, John reached around to grasp Sherlock’s cock, smearing the pre-cum that wet the head along his shaft until he was slick enough to stroke. Sherlock felt his whole body respond. This was what he’d wanted for so long and it felt incredible. Only John could do this to him, only John had the right. Sherlock groaned again and it triggered a reaction from John. Deep inside himself, Sherlock felt John swell and jerk right before he pulled almost completely out from Sherlock’s body. John pushed forward again and together they groaned. John did it again, only faster, and he kept doing it.
.  They were ushered to a small private table where their seasonal drinks were waiting for them, and their server assigned. Sherlock looked around at the understated room, and then over to John, “So?”
“Three, John. I can feel them already. Two boys and one girl.” John was almost delirious with happiness. He had everything and more. He was the happiest of people because his mate was brilliant, beautiful, and pregnant. Their lives were just beginning, and they would have a full and loving adventure together. John and Sherlock stood in the middle of their home, their eyes locked together as they kissed once more and began to plan. Together, they could do anything, be anything, handle anything, because together, they were perfect.
Sherlock pretended to be thinking hard before continuing as if David hadn’t said a thing, “Let me amend my earlier statement. It would be like sitting on a cocktail wiener attached to two peas. You
“I don’t want to hurt you. I want to make you feel good. I want to make you feel better than anyone else ever has.” John’s voice was strained, and Sherlock realized that he was holding himself back. It as rather thrilling to know that John’s hands were lethal weapons and that if he wanted to, he could really hurt Sherlock. It made him harder than ever when John was slow and gentle.
Sherlock was outraged but also embarrassed. They’d run through more than one dank alley and his shoes had finally become saturated with malodorous liquids. The detective had done his best to save them, since they were the pair he’d owned the longest, and had decided to ignore their ever-increasing stench in favour of keeping his sentimental favourites. John knew that he’d pay for days for pointing this out, but it would be worth it if the air in their shared living areas became non-toxic once more.
Sherlock nodded, “This wasn’t an accident. We have to get out of here.” John glanced around. The vehicle that had struck them was nowhere in sight, and the streets were suspiciously empty. The seemed to be surrounded by offices, no storefronts or residential buildings anywhere near enough to be gotten to discretely. John pulled the lever on Sherlock’s side of the car since the door on his side was wedged against the side of a building. A few more pounds of pressure and John would have been sliced in two. He was grateful for the miraculous lack of injury though he suspected adrenaline was keeping him from feeling the almost certain muscular over-strain he likely had. Sherlock managed to unclip his own seatbelt as John fumbled for his, and both men exited the driver’s door and stumbled slowly to the building nearest them.
happy, and when he was this upset, there was only one person to shout at. Calmly, Sherlock took out his mobile, and hit speed-dial #2, “Mycroft? Can you explain to me why we have
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand reassuringly, “I was very moved by every article. It’s clear that you spent a great deal of time selecting each thing, and invested a good deal of thought as well as energy in making your choices. The entire ensemble is a testimonial, a declaration perhaps?”
One night, John was particularly loud, and a series of softly grunted noises aroused Sherlock so intensely that he found himself biting his forearm as he made a mess on the insides of his pyjama bottoms. He wasn’t wearing pants so when come escaped his fingers it dripped then ran down his thigh. It took all his self-control to keep silent as he made his way to his bedroom, mopping up the mess on his skin with the now soiled leg of his jimjams. John’s sounds had been so arousing. Sherlock startled himself with a second almost immediately aching erection. He stroked himself with his own mess before coming a second time, now spilling his spunk onto the lap of his abused pyjamas. Sherlock had to strip to clean up properly but he managed, falling asleep naked directly after.
“Couldn’t take anymore.” John’s eyes were closed, “S’good. Perfect. Just what I needed.” He lay there on his belly, his thighs still spread, his arse opened just enough for Sherlock to see the thick white remains of his own perfect moment leaking out a bit. “I guess that’s it then? Together forever?”
Sherlock tried to smile but his face was as sore as the rest of him. He felt lightheaded as if he could drift right up to the ceiling from the emotional buoyancy.
Later on, they returned to the Yard to process their prisoners. Sherlock was muttering over his laptop, seeking to make a connection he knew had to exist now that he had the information he didn’t previously have access to. He ignored everyone’s attempts to console one another regarding their shared experience, but Sherlock had no time for it, and his unwillingness had caused John, gentle caring protective John, to lose his temper and call Sherlock a heartless machine because he hadn’t stopped to spare a moment of kindness on a distraught child. It made Sherlock angry.
He didn’t get further. John swatted the phone out of his hands, and it shattered on impact with the curb. John looked shocked at his own actions so Sherlock took advantage of his stillness to punch John as hard as he could in the jaw. The soldier was staggered, stumbling backwards, and Sherlock took off running, not looking where he was going, just desperate to get away from everything that hurt. There was a moment of white-hot searing agony, and then, Sherlock stopped feeling anything at all.
“No need, Mrs Hudson. I am leaving for a time. John will remain, and he may have a female companion joining him. Please, do me a favour and don’t let me know what is happening. I don’t want those images in my head. I’ll have Mycroft’s PA contact you regarding my expenses and possessions.”
“Sherlock. Stop. I want to get laid, but I don’t want to try and find a girlfriend. I just want to come inside someone without feeling obligated afterwards. I’ll risk the STI.” John cursed his own angry reaction. He hadn’t placated Sherlock a bit and had obviously made the already tense situation worse.
One hour later he was sitting on the familiar Lilo and holding a steaming cup of tea. Sarah sat on a plush chair, her back straight, and her face calm. John noticed the ring on her finger even as he scented her pregnancy on the air. A bit of a mark was showing above her robe collar, confirming what he’d sensed. Sarah was mated, expecting, and married to boot. “Carl is at work for another six hours, so you can sleep here until then. He’s not going to be happy to smell that you’ve been here, so you’d better be straight with me. What’s going on, John?”
It didn’t stay tender for long. Sherlock demanded more and more. John had never fucked anyone like this and it was mind-blowing. He’d never been with someone where he hadn’t need to move with caution, prepared to pull out the moment he was too much for his lover. Sherlock wanted every inch, demanding that John bury himself right up to his knot as hard as he could. John’s alpha took complete control and he was gone. “I need you, my alpha, been waiting so long for you. Yes, yes my beautiful John.” Both of them orgasmed soon after, their limbs trembling as John spent deep inside Sherlock’s eager body. Nothing else mattered.
He couldn’t tell, his mind wasn’t clear right then. A steady beeping was speeding up and it seemed to be getting louder. Sherlock was coming around and he wished he wasn’t. He hurt everywhere, inside and out. His heart was as sore as his back, his head, his legs, and especially, his arms. He heard someone groaning in misery and eventually realized that it was him. “Sherlock? Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s confidence in him was puzzling but like everything else about Sherlock, John was unable to resist. Each minute that passed took him further from the anxiety and stress he normally felt, and into a deep calm that he’d forgotten. He was not only a doctor, but he was a soldier. He had been known for his steady hand and his unwavering courage. Yes, he was a ridiculous fool who had made every mistake, but that was behind him now. Christmas with Sherlock’s family was a gift, one he would do anything necessary to be worthy of. John smiled up at Sherlock and it wasn’t a strain to do so, “I guess we’ll need to find a present for your mum.”
“I know, my dearest, I know you are and you’re doing so well. I’m very proud of you.” Mycroft was taller than Sherlock, so it was very easy to put his head on his brother’s shoulder and weep. “Let it out, love, let it all out. I’m here. We’re here for you.”
Sherlock stood still for only a moment before he realized that he was just standing there grinning. Jerking into motion, Sherlock grabbed John’s jacket off the hook and presented it to him, “Shall we?”
was enchanting Sherlock in his own home? Despair filled him. The sprig was too far for him to yank down if he could even touch the poisonous greenery without having an instantaneous negative reaction. On top of that, there were at least six berries on it, which meant he needed not one, not two, but six actual kisses with romantic intent in order to break the vegetable’s magical hold on him.
How? Since when?” John was now staring at Danny’s arm around Sherlock’s waist, and his voice was clipped and full of sceptical incredulity.
“On our way now.” Sherlock was grateful that Lestrade understood his needs so well. Being alone right now was the worst choice Sherlock could make. Left to his own devices, he knew it would be only a matter of hours before he found a dealer, a den, and oblivion. “When did you get the call?”
Sherlock looked dazed. His eyes were locked on John’s small soft prick and he wasn’t blinking. John wondered if disappointment had paralyzed him. He wasn’t expecting Sherlock to collapse to his knees, his eyes still fixed on John’s little penis, “Oh,
got an invitation! We’re still divorced, you know? What was it all about? Even after, you didn’t tell us,
“No, you don’t,” Mycroft said sharply. “I think you should just go.” Sherlock didn’t say anything. He was curled up into a tight ball and John saw his shoulders shaking as he wept further. John hated himself.
“He doesn’t want to be anywhere else.” Mycroft was serious, “I wanted him to be admitted to a hospital. His bloodwork is incomplete. He won’t submit to an exam. He seems healthy enough to recover from his ordeal, but he is also a master at hiding his hurts.”
“It’s not for me, you arse. Sherlock is going into heat, do you not understand? Does he have an alpha?” John checked Sherlock’s neck and swayed in shock when he saw the bite-mark on Sherlock’s beautiful neck. It was well-healed but ragged, the teeth-marks showed that the flesh had ripped. Most alphas made their bites cleanly so that their dental pattern was clear, this alpha had not. John felt a shameful jealousy because their union was obviously very passionate if they sealed it with such a brutal bite.
Sherlock spun around, stunned. John was standing at the entrance of the office. He looked as tired as Mycroft sounded, the dark circles beneath his eyes blatant testimony of his unhappiness. With the turmoil of the last few weeks undergoing a mental reset, Sherlock had very few resources left in which to construct anything clever to say. Instead, he invested everything he was feeling into the most important sound of all, “John.”
They went shopping, and Sherlock made note that John filled their cart with food items that Sherlock liked the best but bypassed the many items that John normally preferred. Sherlock backtracked through the store and put them in. John didn’t protest, it wasn’t his choice. They checked out together, and for once, John had no trouble with the chip and pin machine, smoothly concluding his transaction.
“Is that so?” Sherlock was thrilled that John hadn’t moved away, not the tiniest bit. He was in fact, leaning so close now that Sherlock could feel his body almost pressing against his.
. The door clicked quietly shut and Sherlock walked quickly away. He just needed to find a little something to sooth his frayed nerves. The streets all looked the same but after three or four blocks, he came across a small hole-in-the-wall shop that was still open. The golden glow of the shop’s lights cut into the dimness of the night, but only a bit. Sherlock had to argue with the man behind the window before he got what he needed.
The rest of the day was quiet. John read some more before calling in for dinner. He and Sherlock ate together in the dining room, and that’s when Sherlock met the housekeeper, Mrs Hudson. She didn’t seem shocked that her employer had purchased a slave-boy, nor that as a master, he was sharing his meal directly with his property. She made tea and brought dessert before taking their filthy dishes away. After their meal, John got Sherlock to sit on the floor in front of him while he watched movies, petting Sherlock’s curls, or bending down to kiss him deeply for a minute or so. When he was tired of that, John checked Sherlock’s arse to see if he needed another suppository, which he did. Sherlock was still quite sore and to his great relief, John wanted Sherlock to fellate him to sleep. They climbed into bed where John fucked Sherlock’s face a bit more gently than he’d done previously, but still very clearly using Sherlock only to get himself off before he dozed off. Sherlock was impressed with how many orgasms John seemed to require on a daily basis and understood in a new way how John would never have found the same relief with a regular partner or spouse. No one married to become a sex-toy, and that was exactly what John Watson wanted at his disposal.
“It was a terrible price that I did not set,” Sherlock said softly, “I know the consequences of my actions but none of it was intended. John isn’t the only one paying a price.” It made John feel bad to hear Sherlock say the words. His omega was suffering, and it was all because of John. He had to try harder to satisfy his mate.
“Both?” Sherlock felt his heart fill with contentment at the happiness on John-his-friend’s face. Still, for a dark moment, Sherlock recalled
“You’re out for dinner with a man wearing women’s clothing. No one is ever going to look at me and mistake me for female.” Sherlock sounded faintly bitter.
Sherlock turned even more brilliantly pink and seemed to be literally squirming in his seat with discomfort. Drawing a deep but shaky breath, Sherlock finally managed to meet John’s gaze, “John, I want a beginning.”
body slave. He is not for anyone but me. If I find that you’ve helped yourself to so much as another glimpse of him, I will terminate your position with this clinic instantly and you will never find work in London again. Do you understand? The law is entirely on my side, so don’t test me, Nurse. Leave. Now.”
Sherlock felt another pair of arms encircle him and knew that Lestrade was there. He wasn’t ashamed of his tears. He was hurt,
Harry threw her hands up in the air with frustration. “At the time, the man described himself as a sociopath and
“It’s okay, I know, you’re probably filled with questions and have no idea where to begin or what to say?”
John lay in the bed, sweat drying on his brow and guilt eating him alive. Another day used up, another hour where he was painfully aware of how much time he was squandering on his empty pursuits. It wasn’t often that he got as far as someone’s house, normally, John just found a relatively quiet spot somewhere discrete and went at it. Going to someone’s home always ended awkwardly, like now. The woman beside him was already growing restless, silently urging him to just grab his kit and go. John didn’t argue, rolling silently away from her and yanking on his clothes as he made his way to the door. She was already heading the loo, her back to him. He didn’t need more of a hint than that, he’d done what she wanted, now it was time to leave. They’d both gotten off, he’d made sure of that
They kept cutting each other off but John didn’t mind, especially when Sherlock’s next words were, “Take me to bed, John. It’s been years, I’ve been waiting years, and I don’t want to wait one more night.”
For once, Mycroft set aside his normal condescending and often mocking tone, speaking to Danny with a straightforwardness that startled Sherlock. “I have been working for one government organisation or another since I was in university,” he began, “More than long enough to become acquainted with and versed in all the intricacies of the unspoken world that has our entire society at its beck and call. It’s all about knowing the correct people, not necessarily the upper echelons of society, no, that is a vain and pointless endeavour, rather, I knew it was necessary to establish connections with the people who would be the focal points of influence for many social domains.”
Breakfast was eggs and toast for each of them. John made him eat two eggs, and then made Sherlock take vitamin tablets as well, “You’re underweight for your height.” Sherlock had never needed a hit so badly. John waved around a nicotine patch, patting his thigh to call Sherlock to him as if he were a dog. Sherlock obeyed, holding out his arm so John could stick his
How could John deny Sherlock time with his own family, “No, ignore this. I’ll be fine. It was just a surprise.” A surprise that was going to make him sick again in a moment. He’d have to see Mycroft, he was certain, and probably other family members who would know how awful John had been before.
going to cheat on Mary. That it was Eurus I was thinking about, even though I didn’t know it was her, doesn’t matter. It could have been anyone, your point still stands. I was a married man and I wasn’t being coerced into behaving as I did. I wanted to step out on my wife. I made a promise to her, a vow, and it shouldn’t matter how she behaved or how she acted; my vow and my word are
Enraged at last because her now-obvious bluff had been called, Mary pulled out a small hand-gun and aimed right at Sherlock’s chest. Ignoring her boyfriend’s disapproving hiss, she snarled, “You ruined my fun, so goodbye, you slut. You should have stayed dead.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John’s heart melted. He didn’t want to be angry with his omega, so he wasn’t, but he was relieved. “You know I’m going to fuss over you forever, there’s no need to behave like I won’t. Bond or not, I’m not going anywhere. I’m yours.” Looking after Sherlock was a privilege. John didn’t resent it a bit.
The doctor had stripped down to his vest, pants, and socks, but was sleeping on top of the covers. Sherlock swallowed hard as he witnessed the verification of a dream detail – John was extremely well endowed, terrifyingly so. For a brief moment, Sherlock was tempted to leave the bed, to hide in the bathroom, to be anywhere but where that monstrous penis was. Sherlock made himself look at John’s face, his real face, and reminded himself that this John was no danger to him. He would never hurt Sherlock as he had inside the nightmare. In a flash, all the mistrust and fear was gone, replaced with a deep affection because John was snoring in an inelegant way, and managed to appear chilled. “John, get under.”
When he was done, John sat on the edge of the bed, staring at Sherlock as he slept. Suddenly, John felt supremely guilty for removing all trace of their union. He felt even guiltier when he thought of Mary, the feeling causing him to check himself over for incriminating marks and to scrub himself down one more time to get rid of any telling scents. He agonised over it all while he did so.
Sherlock still looked angry, but instead of leaving, he came around the table, grasped John’s face in his hands, leaned down, and kissed John hard on the mouth. It was invasive, full of passion, fury, and infused with something that made John’s hands shake,
“You hardly argued when I did,” Mary said flippantly but there was a barely hidden thread of anger in her voice, “You were as hot for him as I was. Don’t try to tell me you didn’t want a piece of his arse.”
Sherlock had never had to deal with a maelstrom of positive feelings before. He didn’t do feelings, or emotions, or relationships, but here he was standing on the cusp of a whole new lifestyle that would potentially involve lots of all those things! “You’re sure?”
Sherlock led John to his kitchen chair and made him a cup of tea. While John drank it down, Sherlock set about packing John up. “The movers will come round tomorrow and pick up the books and your bags. We’ll take the overnight with us back to Baker Street. Mrs Hudson has the bed made up for us in our room.”
It began to rain. There was no place dry to hunker down that didn’t already have someone in it, and no one was inviting him to share their meagre space. It was humiliating but John searched his contacts for a number he hadn’t called in ages. “Hello, Sarah?”
“What if you can’t solve it?” It was a valid concern. Sherlock had taken apart Moriarty’s empire, but it had been disadvantaged by its wide distribution. Here in England, everything was much more entrenched, much more difficult to change or fix because of it. He may very well be unable to help Danny, but he could at least look, and help where he could. It was likely that he’d get Mycroft involved. His brother was just as much a spider that Moriarty had been, he had his own net in place, his own traps to spring. If anyone could help Danny get his life back, it would be the Holmes brothers.
. How was I to know? I was out of the country, being tortured to save you, but what does that matter? You have your scentless bland boring beta. Go back to her John, don’t pretend to choose me, you chose her already and you’ll stick with it, won’t you? That’s all you want, just to be a stereotype, to be an alpha who breeds, and she wants it too,
The doctors kept John in the hospital for two days before releasing him. Sherlock remained by John’s side the entire time, breaking up the tedium by accepting examinations of himself since he needed them. They were eventually allowed to leave, the doctor giving Sherlock a folder filled with helpful pamphlets and business cards of medical referrals and exam results for both of them.
John forced himself to get up, groaning a little as he peeled a sheet off his calf and nearly fell as his weak legs attempted to get him to the loo. Sherlock’s snores were uninterrupted as John wobbled his way to the bathroom. Once there, he gingerly relieved himself, wincing as his very chafed penis silently complained about overuse. John brushed his disgusting teeth, and then managed to get into the shower. The first blast of ice-cold water shocked him the rest of the way awake. He washed himself carefully, his strained muscles and empty belly making him feel queasy.
Mycroft was silent for a long moment, his face an unreadable mask. “Very little,” he replied tonelessly, “Sometimes, nothing at all.”
Moving back to 221 B Baker Street was the most uplifting thing John had ever done in his lifetime. Sherlock explained that he’d finally received his entire inheritance and that was why he was able to spend so much on furnishings, rent, and other expenses. John had some income, and it wasn’t paltry, but Sherlock wouldn’t hear of him laying out any cash for the core expenses for the flat.
. Growling softly, he clenched his fists and took one step toward Sherlock’s brother, “I am here of my own free will.”
“The specs on your bill of sale say that you’re a virgin but forgive me if I don’t take the word of a junkie and his slavers. I am a doctor and we’re going directly to my clinic where you will undergo a full physical. I have plans for you beginning as soon as possible, and I need you in perfect health.”
“Thank you, Molly.” Sherlock gave her one of his infrequent one-armed hugs. Molly deserved all his respect and affection, especially after what his sister had done. After what had happened with his sister, Molly’s crush on him had fizzled out finally but that only impacted the depth of their friendship. Sherlock liked Molly and she liked him back. She cared about him in ways almost no one else did. She wanted Sherlock to be happy, just for himself.
“Doctor Watson, if I might have a word with you?” Sherlock looked dark and forbidding, not exactly glaring at
She laughed in an ugly manner, “Yeah, he’s a good loyal dog, isn’t he, so ready to sniff after his bitch! Always ready to heel and obey. Fucking stupid alphas.”
“Yes, John.” The name was as boring as the man appeared, but Sherlock couldn’t shake the impression that it was all a mask.
. Sherlock had to get high right afterwards. Sherlock blocked any contacts who might reach him on John’s behalf, before going the extra distance and getting himself a new mobile, with an entirely new number. Now only Mrs Hudson and Mycroft could reach him. It was just easier.
Sherlock’s heart melted even more. It was awfully dangerous to remain with John. Sherlock could feel the bonds beginning to form already, not that he was trying to stop them. His older brother had already made the attempt, but John had rebuffed his offers despite Mycroft’s powers. “Just name calling, John, nothing important.”
“I know, Sherlock, but I’m asking anyway. Please, my dear, do me this favour?” She was smiling so tenderly, so earnestly.
job to help, not yours. Sherlock is being childish, spoiled, and entirely selfish by forcing you to be the sole recipient of his ceaseless demands. There is no reason you cannot be afforded some time to eat a hot meal, to take a proper shower, or to be allowed to retrieve clean clothing. My brother is being abusive toward you and I will not allow him to continue doing so. The few hours it would take to accomplish these things will not cause him medical distress.”
. Distantly, Sherlock could see the appeal. Both men represented different styles of power, and both men wielded that power with competence. Neither was afraid of a challenge, and both lived very complicated lives. They were well-matched, so despite his personal heartache, Sherlock silently wished his brother well. “I’m tired.”
Sherlock blinked and tried to focus once more but he was not able. His knees were wobbly and he finally understood that John was doing his best to assist Sherlock in sitting down. “Did you just ask me if I wanted to
Cooking was unnecessary because Mrs Hudson came up the second the bedroom door opened. She bore a large over-filled tray of fresh scones, hot cereal, fresh fruits, and clotted cream, “Yoo hoo, boys!” Even Danny blushed when she smiled at them proudly, “You two both need feeding up. I won’t always be doing this, you know.”
Sherlock didn’t answer him with words. He folded back the covers, enjoying the crisp clean smell that arose. He lay down and pressed his nose to his pillow. It smelled of detergent and fabric softener, but also faintly of himself and of John. There was nothing else there and it made Sherlock feel good to have proof that John had not shared his bed with anyone at all, “Come here.”
“Seriously, John,” Sherlock twisted his head up to look at John, “It’s not the worst fetish to have, I’m hardly the only person in the world who prefers their bedmates to be...fun-sized.”
he’s an omega to boot? He sees you as his alpha. Even when you thought he was a beta, you treated him like your omega. I’m not sure what you want from me regarding this?”
. No one knows exactly how it got there, there is speculation but no actual proof. It could have happened any number of ways, we’ll never know for certain. Imagine, John, all this just sitting in what amounted to a hole in the ground, and who knows for how long? I mean yes, you can date the objects by their material and form but that’s not what I mean. How did it all come to be together? There are so many places these things came from and yet here they are, siblings from the same nest of mystery. It’s marvellous.”
. If John wanted to slowly torture and kill Sherlock, he might get a few black looks from those who knew but there would be no legal repercussions, slaves had no rights or protections in place. “She’s interested in you.” He wasn’t certain if it was imprudent to let his master know that he’d noticed such a detail or if John even wanted to know.
John seemed a bit upset and Sherlock was surprised. Most humans would love it if they could make someone love them forever without having to do anything to earn it. “That’s not what I would ever want with you.”
“You are,” Sherlock kissed Danny once more, letting the heat between them building until they were rutting against one another. The desire between them was simple, natural, and instinctive. His body was telling him what to do so boldly, Sherlock hauled Danny into his arms and stood, walking them to his bedroom. Danny just wound around him like a vine, his tongue still deep inside Sherlock’s mouth. It was so easy to shrug out of their pyjamas and fall into bed together. Danny’s mouth was everywhere, and his hands were devilish and teasing. Sherlock was hard once more and found that Danny responded brilliantly to being sucked. He made a mental note to purchase a larger supply of condoms soon because he planned on going through Danny’s small supply very fast. Sherlock enjoyed the flare of Danny’s cock, and suddenly, things weren’t going quickly enough. “I need you to fuck me.”
He didn’t mind when Mycroft made him bare his inner arms for inspection. He was an ex-junkie, a relapse was always possible, especially now. When he was found to be clear of blemishes, Mycroft hugged him hard, “Little brother.”
John knew that his omega was still sad about something, but he couldn’t figure out what. He was doing everything within his power to make his beloved Sherlock happy but all he was doing was making him cry. He wished he could show Sherlock how he felt about him, but they hadn’t laid a finger on one another that could be deemed anything but chaste. They shared space intimately but had never once crossed the border into sensuality. Sherlock would not initiate anything, and John was unable to, putting his hand out just now had taken everything in him. This was the most he’d managed since he’d submitted himself to Sherlock. They were still sharing the same tender glance when the entire world went sideways as a vehicle rammed them from behind, forcing them off the road and partially into an alley.
Mycroft wasn’t giving John choices and oddly, it made him relieved. He just had to do what he was told and for John, it was like being back in the military, predictable, almost comforting, and natural. He knew how to take an order, and how to follow through with it. Like a good soldier, John set aside his personal feelings about the situation and got on with it. He had a mission so like the soldier he was, he prepared.
been shagging strangers for months now! You probably have a callus on your dick from all the new holes you’ve put it in. That reminds me, we have to schedule a health check for you. I hope you used condoms but we’re checking you for STIs. Oh, don’t make that face, remind me of the last long-term relationship you had?” Harry had started quietly but by the time she got to the end, she was shouting. John was silent, guilty as accused. “Exactly, John. Yes, you missed the boat on with Sherlock, but there’s always tomorrow so just in case, let’s not give him the clap, okay? So, proving your love to Sherlock, what have you tried apart from anger and physical abuse?” John visibly cringed now, and Harry’s voice grew hard, dripping with disappointment as she shook her head slowly, “I’d never have thought that you’d be the one to behave like dad.”
A muscle in Sherlock’s jaw worked as he pressed his own lips into a flat line. He seemed to be struggling to stop himself but speaking, but lost, “You are suffering from depression. Knowing you, you have refused to follow the advice of your therapist, and likely your doctors as well. You have accepted medication, but not the ones that would properly address your problems. Instead, you mask the symptoms and ignore the issue. Why?”
Sherlock looked down at him solemnly for a long time, silently considering John’s words. John’s knees hurt as he knelt, but he’d stay there until he died if that’s what Sherlock wanted. Mycroft didn’t need to bother looming threateningly behind John, but the doctor supposed it gave the older man something to do while they both waited for Sherlock’s decision, “How do I trust you, John? You made promises to others and broke them. You made promises to me and you broke those too. Your word doesn’t seem to mean much, so how do I know?”
“How is that relevant to me? It’s hardly the first time Watson contemplated the irrelevance of vows and honour.” Sherlock sneered as best he could. His face hurt, though, and his lip was swollen on one side so it came out as more of a lisp than anything.
Sherlock understood that he previously had an insatiable curiosity and a very scientific approach to life; once he knew that recreational drugs were available, he made a very comprehensive effort to experience them all. He’d been making inroads on his comparative analyse when he’d been arrested for the last time, and not even his older brother and all his hidden power could rescue him from himself.
“It’s how I like it, I like hearing my bedmates moan.” John was particularly good at sex, and just because the woman was renting him her body didn’t mean that John wasn’t going to deliver his lifetime guarantee of at least one screaming orgasm per. He had a reputation to uphold, and even when he was the shittiest boyfriend alive, he was at least a good shag. He hadn’t actually dated in months, and he loved sex too much to give it up entirely. Once a month, John treated himself to some paid fun, hiring someone to ride his cock all night without guilt or obligation being involved. It was very relieving, especially when he lived with temptation 24/7.
While the elder Holmes departed, the younger lay back on his hospital bed to gaze up at his lover, “I’m a terrible man.”
“That’s why you were so scared when you woke up because, in your mind, I’m some kind of monster.” John sounded blank. He had let go of Sherlock’s hand too, and Sherlock could feel the warmth by his side moving further away, “I’m sorry. I’m making you…I’m sorry.”
Sherlock felt his face heat with a blush at the coarseness of John’s words but also with more than a hint of arousal. “Really, John,” he scoffed.
John seemed to run out of words and stood there, slightly deflated, and sorrowful looking. He didn’t wait for Sherlock to respond, instead, he marched himself away, and took himself upstairs to his bedroom. Sherlock heard John shut his door softly but firmly and heard the creak of the bedsprings as John sat down but then nothing.  Sherlock went to the sofa and sat on it. He looked around the flat. John’s chair had a paperback open on the armrest, the spine a little broken from numerous re-reads. There was a neat pile of mail on the mantle next to the skull. John had been paying the bills and leaving the records where Sherlock could see them if he’d bothered to look. He left them there. John was still using his RAMC mug, even though the lip was chipped from where Sherlock had once dropped it in the sink. John’s coat was hanging next to Sherlock’s. His shoes were neatly set beneath them. Sherlock recalled the loaf of bread, and the container of milk in the fridge, and the small white plastic container that had all of Sherlock’s medications in it, and the fact that their old med kit was back under the sink in the loo where it always used to be. 221 B Baker Street felt like home again and it was because John was here.
He’d bungled it, in his view. Not only had it been humiliating to make his request in front of a stranger, but Danny had made it worse by being supportive and helpful. John hadn’t really considered the physical effort it had taken to contain his reactions towards the man. He felt the almost visceral need to remove Danny’s hands from Sherlock’s body, to stand up and make a claim that no one could refute, but he didn’t dare do anything of the sort.
. Sherlock loves you. You know he does. I know he does. All of fucking England knows he does.” Harry emphasised her words with a sharp slap across his face. John jerked back in surprise, “You are pathetic!” Harry’s voice was accusatory, “You are just flailing about, refusing to look at the big picture because
Throwing down a towel to sit on, Sherlock sat several different ways before he found a pose that was semi-comfortable enough for him. With red cheeks, he squirted a swirl of lube onto his hand and reached down to finger himself. It felt cold and strange, but he didn’t try to draw it out or enjoy himself. He just poked and prodded until he was able to fit three fingers into his hole. He felt stretched out but not in pain, not really. He found that the plug was quite heavy for its size and made sure to slick it heavily before trying to figure out the best way to insert it. He tried holding the base and pushing it inside himself, but he couldn’t quite get the widest part to go in. After fifteen minutes of pressing and twisting, his arm was sore, and his hole was aching more than ever.
His intentions were thwarted when his chamber was flooded with a smoky gas that drained the strength from him, bringing him low. As he lost consciousness, John saw the other man approach their dividing wall, his face filled with sympathy, and his eyes filled with far too much understanding. At that moment, John knew that he’d lost the same thing John had just lost and that these people had done it. Reality slipped away but John hung onto the one feeling that burned unquenched.
“My homeland never changes. You won’t age there. You’ll never be ill there. Everything is perfect all the time.”
Sherlock felt his mouth hanging open, but he wasn’t in control of his transport any more than he was in control of his mind palace, “Mycroft made sure you were arrested and kept in custody for as long as possible.”
“You smell so nice, my little cookie.” John’s temperature was being stubborn but how could he resist the deliciously complex confection right in front of him?
“Why?” Danny looked so surprised, so hopeful, so grateful, that Sherlock knew he would do anything he could to help him. It felt fantastic to be looked at like that once more, to have someone see him as something good in their life instead of as a problem to be dealt with.
“Yes, yes, yes, you’re pissing your pants over Mycroft, I remember.” Mary scoffed openly, “He’s the real reason you want to run, don’t even pretend that it’s because we needed to kill Holmes and Watson. You seem to forget that we work for someone more dangerous than the Holmes brothers could ever be, so now that we’re on the job again, can you fucking find your testicles and put them back on again? I haven’t even got a cock and I’ve got a bigger pair that you do. Check that basement stairwell, they could have ducked into one of these closed businesses easy. Go on, move it.”
Sleep was difficult. Sherlock was lonely all the time. He’d shut his old mobile off and left it in the bathroom drawer of the first of Mycroft’s homes. He used a burner phone instead, and only had Mycroft’s, Lestrade’s, Anthea’s, Molly’s, and Mrs Hudson’s numbers programmed into it. He didn’t bother checking up on John, convinced that his ex was happily shagging the new person in his life and having a grand time of it. Sherlock’s sexual side had perished with his relationship. He didn’t even masturbate and never felt the need for orgasm. Just thinking about it made him queasy. All of that business had been fascinating when he’d been John’s lover, but any suggestion of it now made him think of the man who had broken him so completely, and he simply could not deal with it. He’d asked his brother and Lestrade to keep information about John to themselves. It wasn’t likely that John would leave them alone, he
“I’m yours too,” the detective replied quickly. Sherlock then looked up before he reached out to take John’s hand, “Go home, John. Order out, have a bath. Sleep there tonight, and I’ll see you in the morning. I love you, and you deserve more than what I’ve been offering. I’ll miss you, of course, but it’s not like you can’t come back later. I’ll be fine.”
“To serve and protect your majesty, to defend your maidenly honour, but also, to offer you this tea which I have carefully made by mine own hand.” John sounded dramatically courtly and against his will, Sherlock laughed. “Come on, get up, Princess Sulky, drink your tea. I brought biscuits, too.”
Sherlock read all of Rosie’s favourites, making the faces and doing the voices as she smiled and watched intently. John wrestled her into her pyjamas and fought to get her under her blanket, his baby intent on being awake as long as she could see Sherlock. The detective gave her a stern look and shook his finger at her when she kicked her blanket off one more time, “This is the end of operational hours for today, Watson. Time to maintain your transport which, as we know, requires an adequate amount of sleep. It is now 8:30, well past your optimal bedtime. Don’t argue, we wouldn’t want to deviate from your ideal schedule. First eye. Second eye. Good.”
Sherlock stepped back, self-consciously smoothing down the front of his firmly buttoned-up jacket. It was new, and felt a bit odd because of it, even though it had been tailored at one of the finest discrete men's clothiers in London, “Uncertain.”
Years passed. Sherlock gave up club life almost immediately because his soldier had raised his standards far too high. He let his natural hair colour come back, much to Mycroft’s relief, mostly because Sherlock just didn’t feel like making the effort to be eye-catching. The men he took to his bed after that were tepid and boring, hardly worth the effort of pulling a condom out, so Sherlock stopped picking them up. Anonymous sex was dull now. He took up detective work more seriously and even gave up drugs in order to focus on his Work. More time passed, and he gained the reputation for being austere but brilliant, a cold unfeeling genius who solved crime but only because the puzzles captivated him. His shitty flat on Montague street palled, and so Sherlock went to visit his old friend who had just moved back from the Americas. She offered him a space to rent, a much better location, but he needed a flatmate.
They stood. John sat there simply holding his now empty cup as Donovan leaned in, “John if you can understand me, blink once if Sherlock is drugging you.” John scowled at her and did not blink though his glare was intense. “Fine. Blink twice if he’s compelling you to stay here in this cesspool.” John upped the intensity of his glare and continued to not blink, “John Watson, are you here of your own free will?”
“It really is Christmas.” John laughed softly before stepping back, drawing Sherlock after him as he walked to Sherlock’s room.
, Sherlock realized. John just brought Rosie over whenever he needed to and assumed that Sherlock would just take her in. He had.
“Talk to him. Work things out.” Mycroft sighed and sounded exhausted. “I judged him as harshly as you did, brother mine, so let us give him the chance now that we did not then.”
John’s eyes were becoming red and tear-filled as his face twisted in a combination of happiness and misery, “Sherlock,” he began. He interrupted himself with a kiss, “I
. He didn’t want to go and there was only one way to stay but there was a cost. Sherlock had long pondered the value of paying it if he could even find a way. He really didn’t want to go back to
“I told you, I have very specific tastes. Today is a very good day for me, so sit still a little while longer like a good boy, and I'll get you some nicotine patches as a treat.” John was making note of the marks inside Sherlock's elbow, going so far as to take his mobile out to make a photographic record of all of Sherlock's parts. John took nearly two hours to complete the exam to his own satisfaction and Sherlock's cheeks burned crimson at the mere memory of having John's latex covered finger checking the condition of his prostate. The medical lubricant had been mostly wiped away, but Sherlock couldn't ignore his awareness of how some was still inside, and that no one, not even he, had ever touched that part of his body before. “Ours
Years ago, Mycroft had purchased 221 Baker Street from the pair of seniors that owned it, compensating Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner handsomely from Sherlock’s portion of the family trust fund in exchange for the deed. Sherlock had technically been dead when he’d done it, and part of the terms was allowing both old ladies to have their suite of rooms for themselves for the remainder of their natural lives. Mrs Hudson was no longer Sherlock’s landlady though she still acted a great deal like his housekeeper, no matter how the scientist protested. Mycroft was the official manager of the entire building, so if Sherlock wanted to live by himself, then it was in his brother’s power to make it happen. Sherlock’s mobile cheeped as Mycroft sent a reply, “
Sherlock was dry-mouthed and nervous and would never ever admit that Lestrade had to push-start him to get him walking. Holding himself stiffly upright, he proceeded forward carefully. It wouldn’t do to make a careless mistake. The music swelled and crested just as he reached John who had stopped speaking the moment Sherlock had come into view. It was very gratifying to witness the dumbstruck expression on his face. “Begin,” ordered Sherlock.
Lestrade was at breakfast the next day, and he was relentlessly cheerful. Carelessly, he bussed Mycroft noisily on the cheek before setting a large plate of fried food down in front of Sherlock, “Eat up, big day.” Sherlock didn’t feel like eating, but then, he never did when he was depressed. Still, Gregory had punched John on his behalf, so gamely, Sherlock managed to find room in his tummy for a generous percentage of what had been offered. Lestrade looked proud and Mycroft looked grateful. “Go on, wash up. Once you’ve showered and dressed, we can go.”
of John, and despite his social short-comings, Sherlock bolstered his odds by applying his many skills to calculate the path to successfully obtaining his goal of
. It made him angry, and these days, when John Watson was angry, he acted out and then hated himself for it. The first couple of times had been magnificent, but the glorious feeling of contented release quickly became harder to obtain. Each tryst became emptier and emptier, the pleasure, fleeting.
Two more weeks went by and Sherlock’s energy output only increased. He obeyed Danny implicitly when it came to food and rest, but otherwise listened to no one about how hard he was driving himself. His entire focus was on tracking John down, Sherlock wasn’t interested in anything else. Sex was no longer a part of their lives, not even kisses or cuddles. Sherlock and Danny slept together, but that was it, neither man seemed interested in physical gratification when there was so much information to sort through. They were driven. When he had enough information to act on, Sherlock began to do what he did best – legwork.
John was a bit surprised when Sherlock pushed back firmly and stood. He knew it. He’d pushed too fast, had hinted at too much. Now Sherlock was going to storm away and hide in his mind-palace as per usual. John tried not to feel rejected. There was some hope, after all. Tonight had been a very good beginning. He shouldn’t feel….
, Mycroft? Is keeping secrets so very important to you, even when they shouldn’t be kept? Look at what it’s all come to. Was the endgame worth this cost?” Sherlock sounded angry and upset at the same time.
Danny leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s mouth firmly again. It was warm, friendly, and as comforting as one of the lovely hugs that Danny was also giving him. “Well, now you know. Come on, beautiful. I’m bloody starving now. I haven’t felt properly hungry in I don’t know how long, and I haven’t slept this well since I don’t know when. Gives a man an appetite, it does.”
The case wasn’t terribly huge, but it was filled with dozens of small dark bottles with tightly screwed caps on them, “None of these are poisonous, are they?”
John was loving every minute of the evening. Sherlock was one hundred percent focused on him, and it was fantastic to be the centre of such attention.
“A printed collection of your cases; an expanded rewrite of all of John’s blog posts. He’s had his notes transcribed and has turned the blog into a volume of your successes.” Sherlock didn’t know what to say. Stricken, he slowly opened the book and turned the pages. John had included photographs. He recognized many of them, they’d been posted online. Their cases were there, all carefully arranged in chronological order. Sherlock’s eyes grew blurry and they stung in a new kind of way, “He’s been working on this for some time, apparently.”
John then worked out a deal with the doctors and Mycroft, arranging special deliveries so that the soft meals that Sherlock was required to consume were made up of foods that Sherlock didn’t mind. No energy was lost in fighting to get dinner in, or flat-out refusal to eat. The first time it had happened, Sherlock had looked hard at John, wondering what he was about. “I know you who are,” said John, carefully feeding Sherlock one soft spoonful at a time until he was done. After the meal had been cleaned away, Sherlock stretched his neck a bit and turned his face in what he hoped was an appropriately demanding gesture. John smiled before he leaned over and carefully helped Sherlock lift and turn his head just enough to kiss his lips, “You’re the person I care for the most.” Sherlock smiled, having gotten what he’d wanted, definite romantic physical contact.
Sherlock was almost unhinged with passion. He licked John everywhere he could reach until he made his way back to John’s arse. Making the older man kneel, Sherlock used all his considerable skill to tongue John open. No one had ever lavished such attention on John before, it had always been him doing whatever he could to keep his date in his bed. Sherlock was holding him open, his long fingers spanning their entire surface easily as he kept his cheeks wide apart. John couldn’t help moaning, it all felt amazing. Soon he was loose and extremely wet, the saliva from Sherlock had been spread around generously.
Sherlock seemed to be in good spirits, his eyes bright and his face filled with subdued pleasure. His mouth lost its smile eventually, and his fingers squeezed John’s a tiny bit harder, “I know you are reluctant, John. I
John was in raptures. His omega was so happy, so content, so needy. It was heaven. Sherlock was all over him, rubbing their bodies together, kissing him deeply, stroking and fondling his aching cock, rolling his bollocks gently. It was exciting, thrilling, delightful. “You’re so…”
Sherlock felt awkward. He knew that he was a big man, there was nothing he could do about it. His hands were big, his head was big, he was just…big everywhere. John was better. He was just the right height and just the right weight and just the right everything else. Sherlock coveted and lusted after John’s body. He wanted to explore it everywhere and learn all he could about John’s delectable body.
Sherlock managed to open one eye but he wasn’t interested in bothering with the other one. “I hate you.”
. Sherlock began rocking steadily, and soon, he was snapping his hips as quickly as he could, his thumbs pressing his cock tight between his lover’s cheeks while John moaned softly. “That’s it, all over me, I want to feel you owning me.”
for you, and way more than as friends. He now understands that he could have had you if he hadn’t spent so much time being a dick. He’s
“Ugh,” Sherlock’s arm had stuck to John’s ribcage and both men winced as he peeled it off, “As enjoyable as that was, I’m going to agree. Come along, John, let’s clean up.”
. This was better, and who knew what he’d spot? Every pair of eyes he could commandeer was for the better, in his opinion. If he could, Sherlock would co-opt the entire country if that’s what it took to get John back.
“Are you hungry?” The shaking stopped but Sherlock’s hands remained on his shoulders, “I’ll cook if you’re hungry.”
He didn’t need to say more because a much-sobered doctor now spoke with chagrin, “Sherlock, I apologise. You’re right. It’s none of my business, after all, I hardly call you when I’m going to…”
The scent was what he noticed first. All the other alphas in the room had also noticed it as well, he wasn’t the only one lifting his head to sniff at it. It was the most compelling scent he’d ever come across. There were heart-breakingly rich strains of a long-lost scent; cedar, rosewood, ocean surf, and so many other wild untamed things. It was richer, fuller, more pungent than he recalled as if someone had taken his aural memory and jacked it up from black and white into technicolour. There were other scents mixed in, something like old blood, or foetid flesh, but just a distant hint, and definitely not enough to keep the rest of the scent from being completely alluring.
John picked up his first surprise, “Huh, looks like your name actually is on this.” He smiled as Sherlock actually wiggled with excitement before tearing into the present.
Mycroft sighed, “Flattering as it is that you deem me omnipotent, I am merely human. I’m not the only clever man in Whitehall. There are many who have the sway, resources, and ambition to manage a black site. We could be following a false trail, the description seems correct, but the timeline isn’t. My sources report of a blond military man with blue eyes that is being held but insist that it’s been a good year or more. John hasn’t been gone that long, and the description is far too vague to assure me that it is
“Maybe a lot?” Sherlock wasn’t interested in hiding his emotions from Danny. He’d hidden his emotions his entire life and all it had gained him was misery. He’d known Danny for only a day, and so far, every moment had felt right. Even thinking of John had become less painful, though the tremendous love he had for the soldier was as large as it ever was. Danny was soothing, a panacea, but he wasn’t John and he never could be. That didn’t mean he was
A short while later, Sherlock was extracting a wiggling bundle of energy from the pram. Rosie was layered up in what was possibly far too many clothes, but Sherlock didn’t like taking chances with her. Still, she was happy enough to toddle away to play with frozen twigs and icy rocks, and bits of dead grass, chattering to herself happily as she rolled around and explored, wobbling back to give Sherlock handfuls of organic matter that he bagged and stored for later examination. He wasn’t worried about her socializing opportunities, all it took was a little bit of time, and collecting samples occupied her until the inevitable happened. Soon enough, other children came by and within thirty minutes, a conglomeration of adults and toddlers stood around and let time go by. Sherlock sat on a dry-ish bench to keep a close eye on his now distracted god-daughter. It was a bit crowded by now, all the benches full, so Sherlock wasn’t surprised to hear a deep voice ask, “Is this seat taken?”
John was the one holding Sherlock’s hand now, “I know we can be off our game with one another, but I don’t want to go, Sherlock. I know we make a right mess of things repeatedly but we’re getting better, I hope.” Sherlock smiled, his eyes a bit teary, but he was listening intently, “Sherlock, I love you. I want to be with you. I want you to be able to rely on me, to know that your trust in me is well-placed. Yeah, I could have done without some of the shite we dragged ourselves through but…better, yes, we’re getting better. I’m not so off my head anymore and you’re…well, a bit more perforated than you were before, but you’re still the same insane madman I fell in love with all those years ago.”
Just as he was done smoothing down the fresh sheets and duvet, John felt something tug at him. The warmth that he’d felt for so long was almost a physical thing now. Without a word, he left off what he was doing and went to the living room. Sherlock was just waking up, his hand splayed across his chest, his eyes moving unerringly to meet John’s. There was shock there. “I feel…” he began uncertainly.
John fumbled before finding Sherlock’s cock and fisting it, “John!” It was too much. The tight feeling he was experiencing was now body wide and the stimulation John was providing was almost more than Sherlock could deal with. “Yes.” John was thrusting fast and steady now, not trying to stimulate Sherlock more, but then, he didn’t need to. Sherlock felt his entire body tighten, squeezing John tighter than ever. Sherlock heard John groan and felt his penis begin to contract. The first bloom of warmth inside him was all he needed to complete his own journey.
“Clearly I’m not since you’ve already spotted it.” John just sipped his cup of non-herbal tea and nudged Sherlock’s to remind him to drink it, “While it’s hot, I’m not making you another one because you let this one go cold.”
“Looks like Mrs H has been decorating.” John was sipping his tea and absently reading the paper on the counter. Sherlock looked up and swallowed hard.
. “Are you having me on? You told me I was the most toxic person you’d ever met. You called me a faithless slut, and an unevolved animal. You...you...you said...you said being my friend was the biggest waste of time you’d ever endured, that being with me was mundane, illogical, and pointless.”
you want me back. If you don’t, then that will be completely fine. I’ll be your best friend, regardless.”
Once he was dropped off in front of his house, John decided to walk the cold dark streets, making his way without thinking. John felt increasingly emotionally separated with each day that passed. He couldn’t seem to get himself together. He didn’t need to grieve any longer. Sherlock Holmes was alive, well, and waiting for him at Baker Street along with Rosie. He should be happy, ecstatic even, but he wasn’t, he couldn’t seem to manage. He should be mourning his late wife, but he wasn’t. After a few days of initial upset, John had somehow just gotten over her passing in a way he never had when he’d thought Sherlock was dead. Mary being gone was more of a relief than it was a burden, and feeling that way made him queasy, but she had an entire museum’s worth of skeletons in her closet, and all of them had been lethal. Their lives were safer with her gone. He should have done something with that gift but instead, John wasted his time having an endless string of meaningless affairs, and achieving nothing, and ignoring his daughter.
committed to surprising you with a finished result that I drove you away rather than just fucking admit that I was writing a book about you. Lisa is my publisher. We’ve been meeting so her photographer could take shots of all the places that were special to the two of us. We’ve been all over London as a group. She was tracking our daily activities,
John was so tight, so smooth inside, so warm. Sherlock kept pushing until his not inconsiderable length had been swallowed down to the root. John was shaking a bit, his arse clenching as he reared back reflexively, rocking himself on Sherlock’s cock in little jerks. Sherlock held onto John’s waist and bucked forward, wringing an eager gasp from the small man beneath him, and that was all it took for Sherlock to lose control.
Interesting question. Sherlock couldn’t be compelled to return, not now, but because of the bond, John could now go with him. “We’ll stay as long as you want. When you’re ready, but only if you truly want to, we can go to my homeland. It’s called The Green.”
Sherlock felt a deep need to comfort this man. He wanted to reach out the way he so often wanted to reach out to John but could never figure out how. Sherlock recalled the numerous times he wished he’d had someone to lean on, so he encouraged his new friend to do so with him. Collapsing into his arms, the younger man sagged heavily against him for a long minute, then Danny sniffed hard, wiped his eyes once more, and smiled at Sherlock. “Here, budge up.” They shifted positions until Sherlock’s head was on Danny’s lap, “Relax, gorgeous. I’m going to touch you and show you how to touch me back. Just relax. Let me do this.”
. John was frozen on the spot, holding in Sherlock’s lifeblood with his bare hands but doing nothing else. He leaned forward, pressing their foreheads together and willed all his life-energy into his lover. He had no idea if such a desperate gambit would even work, it was all wishful thinking, but he had to try. His chest was burning, his body was aflame with anxious terror. He could not lose Sherlock. He could not.
He listened intently and heard the wet slap of John’s fist on his cock, “How am I going to get through tonight without fucking that pretty mouth? God, I’ve wanted your lips on my cock for years.” John was trying to stay quiet beneath the spray and obviously didn’t realise that his nosey flatmate could hear him clearly. Sherlock wondered if John could hear how hard he was stroking himself, and it made a surge of exhilaration rush through him. John wanted him...
“Yeah,” John proved his point by drinking more water, successfully swallowing without making a fool of himself, “Let’s go.”
Hours later, the last of the alcohol had worn off helped by many glasses of water and several cups of tea. John was ready to sit down and share a very late meal with his sister. He felt better than he had for months now. His head felt clearer and he felt a little more able to deal with reality. He watched his daughter for a moment. Rosie was in her highchair, earnestly colouring an entire sheet of paper blue. She’d worn her crayon down to the nub and showed no signs of stopping, “She’s fed already, I gave her a bath. All you need to do is read to her and get her ready for bed.”
John burst in and saw a tall ginger alpha pressing Sherlock against the wall, rutting his massive erection against Sherlock’s thigh like an animal. The man was rugged and heavily muscled. He reminded John of some of the people he’d served with, subconsciously John recognised the military training the man had had, but he tore his eyes from the alpha to check on Sherlock.
“John, I’m hurting you again. How do I stop hurting you?” Sherlock sank deeper into his bed, covering his face with trembling hands for a long moment. He let them fall and looked up at John, his eyes full of confusion. “Yes. I felt it. It was like all the warmth in the world was draining away. For a moment, I knew I’d never feel true happiness ever again.”
. You don’t have sex with anyone. We’re drunk right now. Having sex would feel great but I don’t want you to hate me in the morning.”
. Sherlock was reckless, but he wasn't entirely a fool, he was in a different sort of danger now than what he'd been in while at the facility, he needed to bide his time and make observations before he could make any kind of plans.
kisses. I can break a simple magic bond with one person’s kiss for a single berry, but six, six will bind me to you forever.”
He had nothing to fear. John was ravenous, but his appetite was tempered with a self-control that Sherlock had never needed to learn. In no time, Sherlock was aroused almost beyond reason but John kept his head, slowly guiding his friend away from the living room, kissing their way unhurriedly up to John’s bedroom.
Sherlock was smiling down at him, “I know you don’t, John, and I’m very happy for it. Still, the coffee is very good, and please, never mention my brother’s arse for any reason ever again.”
There was an odd expression on Sherlock’s face, something that looked a lot like regret as well as disappointment. “Exactly so, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock gracefully unfolded himself and stood beside the bed, his face an expressionless mask. “You had a brief but lively fever, it seems to have broken. I’ll go make some tea, you could probably do with something to drink. Fancy breakfast? I’m not certain what your post-illness protocols are.”
Sherlock leaned closer but then, so did John. Their mouths met a bit awkwardly at first but they soon had themselves sorted, their first kiss a brief but meaningful one, interrupted due to the arrival of their order. John felt impatient at first, but then, he realized that there was nothing to rush home for. Every minute was to be enjoyed, lingered over, and savoured, much like their meal. Sherlock was an engaging date, easily maintaining his half of the conversation between lazy bites of food. Both men were just happy to be out together, finally free to be open with one another. John found the entire evening to be one filled with delightful conversation, a lot of laughter, and an incredible degree of ease an compatibility.
, John. When you go out with Lestrade or Hooper, you just tell me. You don’t make secret assignations with them and then never mention it to me. How often have you seen this woman? How far has it gotten already? Have you had sex yet?”
an idiot. He walked for an hour before he called another cab. He checked his wallet but his credit card wasn’t in it. Cursing, John recalled that Mary had used it to order some bedding and he doubted that she would give it back without more fuss. He’d have to cancel it tomorrow, but it meant that he could not get a hotel tonight. He didn’t have much more folding cash on him, so he found an ATM on the way and withdrew the maximum amount allowable. John divided it into three parts, kept some in his wallet, some in his duffle, and some in his left sock. He’d been around the world enough to know that a person on the street was a target, and he had to prepare himself for the possibility that he might be out on the street for good. He’d burned every bridge he’d had. John was so unhappy. Everything in his life had changed from being full of healing hopefulness to complete emotional disaster.
“Oh, my pretty boy, I want to. Oh, I’d love that, to fuck my come into you, and leave you wet and wanting more.”
Sherlock sniffed delicately one more time, then pulled a face as if he’d scented something rank, “I estimate at least five, but only one has been her lover long enough to dispense with condoms.” Sherlock sounded bored now, and John wondered if punching David in the face would amuse his omega. “I’m not slut-shaming or anything because Alphas
Sherlock sighed again before performing the required ablutions. When he was done, he went to fetch the lube so he could see to the rather large plug that John had set on the bedside table.
Sherlock had never experienced such unabashed coddling, not since he’d been a new-born infant, and even then, not for long. Mummy wasn’t one for extended physical contact, handing Sherlock and Mycroft off to their
fighting for your attention, John Watson. If I cannot provide that which you seek, then I am going to end it with you before I become a cautionary tale about infidelity and broken trust.”
“He is. I do.” John took a deep breath before scrubbing his fingers over his eyes, now exhausted and blank feeling. “I’m just done in.” He had a weird craving to go find one of his regular pubs, just to enjoy the generous attention he always received and a stiff drink, but he couldn’t, not tonight, maybe never again.
It helped. John slowly sobered up, just functional enough to be able to tell the difference between things that had been his in his
John left Rosie on the large area carpet in the barely furnished living room surrounded by a corral made of toys to entertain her while he busied himself. The last of Mary’s personal things had been boxed up for donation already but he felt the need to keep going. John concentrated on the mundane details of his immediate world, getting a wash bucket and a rag so that he could carefully scrub down any surface he came across, cleaning away all traces of his life in that building. Harry startled him by knocking sharply on the door, jerking him out of his nearly meditative state. Dropping the cloth in the bucket and ensure that Rosie couldn’t reach any of it, John let his sister in. “Erg, it smells like disinfectant in here!”
. She smiled brightly at the doctor, and Sherlock noticed that she discreetly tried to catch John’s eye, smiling extra hard whenever John even glanced her way. The doctor was either blind to her clear flirtations or incapable of multitasking because he was beginning a chart for Sherlock’s details and appeared to be completely focussed on filling out the paperwork as fully as possible on his own. Dismissing his nurse, John himself weighed, measured, and evaluated Sherlock’s health. He noted down everything, including Sherlock’s birthday, commenting, “I’ll remember to get you the dessert of your choice.”
about your active sex life? Maybe I need to ask about how many women you’ve bedded over the holidays, or even just today?” John’s face darkened, and Sherlock’s impatience grew, “As for Rosie, she is
“Then why was he so scared to see me?” John sounded tearful, “You saw it yourself. He went from being nearly asleep to almost hyperventilating in mere seconds. He just had a heart attack! He died on the table earlier today! He can’t take a shock, I can’t be here if I’m hurting him.”
,” screeched Harry. Sherlock gagged one more time as the much-hated name was hurled at him, his entire body tensing into a tight curl.
John felt like shit again and did the one thing that made him feel a little bit okay, he checked his dating app. Sure enough, there was a small collection of hopeful messages. They made him smile before he finally fell asleep.
John went through the motions of being functional for the rest of the day. When Harry texted that she was coming by with dinner, he didn’t respond. He took care of his daughter with almost exaggerated cautiousness, blank inside as he attempted to focus, to pay attention, making sure she was as happy and comfortable as he could make her. John was afraid he’d made a terrible error by inviting Sherlock and Danny there today.
Once a week, John went through Sherlock’s possessions on the search for illegal narcotics. The detective had fallen prey to his addiction more than once since he’d come back from the dead, and he had ample reason to try and dull his memory and senses. John didn’t berate his friend, even though he’d found some on three different occasions. Sherlock had thanked him every time for taking them away. His addiction wasn’t something the detective had wanted ruling his life, but he was weak, sometimes caving enough to purchase if not use them, and relied heavily on John to keep him right. They were a mess, but they were a mess together. During his last search, John had happened across a rather posh looking box that was just the right size to hold all the accoutrements of Sherlock’s bad habit, so John had opened it only to find a pair of high-heeled shoes instead. They were red, the heels long and narrow, the toes closed, with great wide ribbons in matching shades to go about the ankles. They were the fanciest shoes he’d ever seen, and big.
John was methodical about it all and Sherlock managed to stay silent while his small plug was removed. He was glad John had him face down on the bed. Tears were falling from his eyes, soaking into the pillow as John immediately began to use two digits to finger him, applying a large amount of lube, but not slowing enough for the sting of entry to fade entirely. It seemed to turn the Captain on to hear Sherlock’s small gasps of agony. In a short amount of time, John used three fingers right up to the second knuckle. Sherlock grunted out in shock and a small amount of pain. John groaned deeply, “I’m so fucking turned on. Listen to you! I love how deep your voice is.”
Harry sat back and considered what she’d learned. She brewed tea this time, making John sip his with sugar for once though he normally didn’t bother sweetening it. “Okay, let me get this straight. Sherlock Holmes faked dying, for you?” John nodded. “He spent years running about the world taking down a global underground criminal organization, to protect you.” John nodded again. “He was tortured.” John nodded, a tear dripping down his cheek. “He came back to England for
John’s shoulders slumped, and he stopped moving. He stood still for a long minute before sighing, “It went really well. Danny convinced Sherlock to let me stay.”
There was an explosion of scent as the omega did everything in his power to win John over. The room smelled of so many things, the dust and detritus from years of disuse were now becoming saturated in a heady mix of cedar and jasmine, of musk and something dark and faintly reminiscent of formaldehyde. John recognised his own odour mixed in with the lot, noting the hint of the desert he’d picked up when he’d been deployed for so long in the heat of foreign lands. It seemed to match well with the oak and moss base he was known for, the metallic tang of steel and the dusty flavour of gunpowder.
“Yes, dear, you must. Right now.” Mrs Hudson stood up, “Come on, boys. I’m not getting younger, you know.” By sheer force of personality, Mrs Hudson managed to make Sherlock get his Belstaff, and put on his shoes. The detective was followed by his brother, as well as Lestrade, and all of them were soon on the road, heading to central London and 221 B Baker Street.
“Yes.” No more words were needed. Suddenly, the room blossomed once again, rich with the pungent complexity of Sherlock’s natural scent. The foul stench of illness and despair was pushed away and replaced by it. The doctor breathed it in, tears filling his eyes as he recognised the gift he was being given. When John dared to raise his eyes to view Sherlock, he saw that the visual signs of illness draining away. The fever was obviously gone, and Sherlock was already looking flush with health. Sherlock may not have verbally taken John back, but his body was recognising his alpha’s legitimacy and sending out as many signals as it could manage to let that alpha know that he was ecstatic.
John himself made no protest because he didn’t think to. It was a problem distant from him and therefore nothing to concern himself about. The alpha was once again caught in between the bizarre submissive headspace he’d put himself in and his normal persona. Sherlock was shamelessly exploiting it to get his own way all day long, but John didn’t protest even once. He fetched and carried, changed the channel on the telly on command, hand fed and sponge-washed Sherlock whenever he wanted it, spending his every moment doing nothing but catering to Sherlock’s slightest wish.
John looked hard at him, considering the request. “You will have at least soup. It’s not heavy but you are seriously underweight, and you will use a lot of energy keeping up with your duties. Sex takes a lot of calories. However, I see your point. We will share breakfast and dinner every day, but you can opt out of lunch if you feel you really don’t need it. Understand me though, if I decide you need to eat, you will eat, or I will feed you, and you will not like that. I’m entirely prepared to treat you well if you abide by my requests. If you deliberately defy me, I will punish you, and I say deliberately because you will make many mistakes, and I understand that. I don’t punish for ignorance. I will correct you when necessary, but I will also punish you if you are being defiant or purposely difficult. I can still take you down several pegs if I feel you need it, so mark my word, pretty boy. Mind me, now.”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock’s entire body was agony. His skin felt like he’d been flayed alive and his arse burned from the lack of lube.
He felt consciousness leaving him but as the blackness began to take him, Sherlock could hear someone frantically shouting, “We’re losing him! Do something! Help him!”
free to spend some time? Seriously? I don’t even know you, but I’m telling you, you’re coming off as kind of an arsehole.”
Carefully, he cleaned his plate of the meal his sister had provided, took up his baby, and put her to bed, reading book after book to her until she was hard asleep. Finally, John went back out to face Harry. “She’s out.”
She was weak and compliant now, so John took the opportunity to indulge himself while she recovered. He fucked her deep and hard, imagining another arse, another body, another gender. He’d almost bought a boy this time but couldn’t bring himself to do it. He could fuck a woman, but choosing a man felt a little too much like cheating, even if he wasn’t exactly in a relationship. “You’re going to wear it out.”
Her name was Kiran. She gently led John toward the section of the store containing an assortment of outfits. When asked what he was looking for he shrugged helplessly, “Something to go out to dinner in?”
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of his bed and he looked anxious. He took a long look at the expression on John’s face before he shuttered all his emotions away, “You don’t want to do this.” John’s mouth opened but nothing came out.
“What of it, Mycroft? What does it matter what the third party does for a living when the only part that matters to me is her fucking John practically in front of my face?” Sherlock was livid all over again.
“I’m happy, too.” John realized he wasn’t lying. The last few weeks had brought him such change. He’d gone from being completely miserable to being on the path to utter happiness. He had been given a second chance! His endless upset had faded each day until he barely felt the discomfort any longer. He’d put on a couple of pounds as well, something the tailor had been advised about. John’s new suit was cut in a way that would continue to flatter him as he slowly regained his previous physique.
It was nearly Christmas. Every shift, he enjoyed a complement of home-baked treats from various co-workers, contributing his own sadly deformed but well-intentioned chocolate cookies to the offerings. He began to walk back to Baker Street in order to keep his weight down a tad. On his way home one night, he came across a front window display where the mannequin was wearing a loose-fitting and broad-hooded coat that was thick with brown and black faux-fur lining. John couldn’t resist, purchasing it with the last of his spare holiday money, and even paying to have it wrapped as a gift. In his greatest dare ever, John managed to squeeze the last box into the bottom of Sherlock’s wardrobe, now stuffed blatantly full of new things, all while Sherlock was in the shower. John was out of his room and into the kitchen just as the water was turned off. When the detective emerged a short-while later wearing a clean suit and demanding tea, he didn’t say a word about what was in his wardrobe.
“What kinds of things?” John’s body was so warm, even through the layers of wool and cotton. Sherlock immediately began to calculate the potential increase of heat with every layer removed.
“Cuppa?” John offered. John knew that Sherlock loved tea and that it was his go-to comfort drink under all circumstances. Sherlock nodded and John looked satisfied with his opportunity to fuss over the man he’d declared his best friend. It had made Sherlock’s hidden heart swell with sentiment when John had said so. He’d never had a friend before, not once in his long life. John seemed very pleased. John was only human though, and eventually, he’d find out. It was inevitable.
There were no circumstances under which John would allow anyone to be assaulted, even if they were once-best-friends who had been dead to the world only one day ago. That it was Sherlock made all the most primitive parts of John’s hindbrain kick into action, and he stalked forward threateningly, “You had best back away from him right now, boy. Only warning.” It was easy to load menace as well as contempt into every word. As far as John was concerned, rapists were low and deserved the kicking they were going to get if he caught them. Adrenaline rushed through his veins like liquid heat, making his body ready to pounce, his pheromones full of warning, “He’s not yours, he’s mine.” John meant it. Sherlock had chosen
If John had been stronger, he would have lashed out at the beta doctor who scolded Sherlock for allowing his partner to go hungry for so long. Sherlock swore up and down that he didn’t realise that John was denying himself food, then castigated himself for not paying closer attention. He then promised to attend John’s every meal
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He wasn’t hungry even though he hadn’t had a proper meal in days, nor had he been fed regularly while he’d been held for sale. No one cared for slaves. Once the judge had stripped him of his citizenship, Sherlock had been locked in a cell on his own to preserve his virginity and then had essentially been forgotten. John gave him a bowl of hot bowl of vitamin infused gruel and a large whole grain bread-roll, setting a steaming hot cup of unsweetened black tea beside it, “All of it, you need to keep your strength up.”
Sherlock’s argument was weak as well as ridiculous. “What would you have me do then, Sherlock? Lead someone on? Pretend that I care when I don’t, just so I can get off in her? That’s pretty low, don’t you think? At least the ladies I pay aren’t expecting dinner and flowers, I’m just a job to them.”
Sherlock had been truculent at first but as Danny spoke, his dismissive arrogance dissipated, “Yes, Danny, for John.” Sherlock was determined. He’d been close to unravelling something with Danny’s case, he knew it, and he was very nearly certain that John’s abduction had been triggered by their trip. Guilt ate at him.
. John knew he’d practically invited Sherlock to make those last steps toward the complete severance of their friendship.
“May I enter?” John blinked up at the last person in the world he’d ever expected to see again. “John?”
as soon as she could to facilitate her return to the Society life she preferred. Papa was absent most of the time and when he was around, he seemed bemused by his children, unable to understand the torrent of questions and complaints that poured out because both boys knew they’d only have their father’s attention for a quarter of an hour at best before he disappeared for weeks of work yet again. Mycroft did his best to give Sherlock attention, but he was as crippled as his brother when it came to parsing out exactly how to show his feelings. Now, John was giving his best friend an experience in affection that Sherlock had always thought had been a fictional construct and not a potential reality.
, John Watson.” Sherlock scrambled for his mobile after kicking John in the stomach, causing the soldier to gasp for air and go to his knees. Stabbing the keys, Sherlock shouted into it, “Police? I’m being assaulted. Help! I’m on Baker Street...”
“Certainly, sir, allow me to show you some potential fits.” The young man reminded John of Kiran, pulling out almost a dozen different lengths of fabric. John felt anxious, but the young man was sympathetic as well as gentle with him, “What colour is the outfit?”
He walked for a long time before all the noise in his brain settled down to a disgruntled murmur. John forced himself to look at how he’d behaved since the day Sherlock Holmes came back to life. John did not care for the man he saw, and no amount of mental editing could hide from John the revelation that he’d become a bully as well as an ungrateful
Sherlock paused for a long moment before looking at his lover in the eye, “I am 80% certain that this particular group of people are the gateway to the actual persons in power. I believe that they are harvesting people for a larger purpose, likely something nefarious, something that benefits only a chosen few, and those few have little or no interest in the laws that rule this land. I believe that you and I are both victims of these people, but I also believe that they do not realize that we have made a connection with one another and are now working against them. I believe that Mycroft is our best primary weapon and that using his contacts and resources just might be enough to topple this hidden empire. Regardless, they have John, and I will destroy every last one of them for taking him from me.”
“I do need him, he has to know that.” John felt Sherlock’s hand card through his short hair. It felt nice but John still did not move. “I need you, John, don’t disappear. We can fix this mess, together.”
Sherlock needed to come, he wanted to stop, and he wanted to know it was over by feeling John come inside him. “Alright my beautiful pet, I’m going to come, I’m going to fill you up, but I’m not going to do it until after you make a mess of the bed.” John began to fuck Sherlock steadily, brushing against his prostate every few strokes until Sherlock was keyed up to a fevered pitch. “That’s it my beauty, come for me, come for me now!”
“I’ll hurt you too, and make you angry, and probably a thousand other negative things. It doesn’t matter, John.  We can begin with a clean slate, just...a brand-new beginning, and nothing from our toxic horrible past. I need this. I need
John and he couldn’t just decorate the flat and then try to re-surprise John with a tree later. He compromised and had purchased an artificial tree that came with fibre-optic lights built in. John’s shift wasn’t a full one and he knew he wouldn’t have time to fuss with stringing lights.
“I just knelt there.” Sherlock wasn’t unaffected by what they’d done together, and he didn’t regret it either. He felt relieved, content, and pleasantly weary. His heart had raced, his breathing had become laboured, and all it happened without a problem. Fleeting regrets that John wasn’t his first were just that, fleeting. He hadn’t been John’s first, after all, and if they did ever manage to become lovers, Sherlock wouldn’t even be within double digits of John’s first time at anything. It was what it was.
Mycroft sent a car and gifted them with his absence. John wrote all the necessary scripts for Sherlock’s recovery and found a chemist who filled them. The driver had presented John with a credit card in Mycroft’s name, and with that, the doctor purchased all the items necessary. With the same card, John shopped for groceries and necessities, filling the capacious car-boot to the top with everything they could possibly need.
“Didn’t. Mycroft handed it over. His people had been called in because one of the partials is a government employee that they’ve had their sights on. Here’s the file.” Greg fished out a file from the bag on the back seat. He didn’t look, driving with one hand on the steering wheel and his eyes glued to the road. “Said it was right up your street.”
The omega looked faint and dazed, and anything but consenting as a trickle of blood from a ragged cut on his forehead spilled over his nose. His arms were twisted up behind his back so that he couldn’t use them at all, wrists secured by his own scarf which was still wrapped around Sherlock’s neck.
professional. He distributed his care unstintingly, but minus even a hint of familiarity. John could have been one of the faceless interns that had tended Sherlock in the past. The ever-changing rota of the hospital had held no interest to the suffering detective, but he’d had no cause for complaint. If under the strictest of medical reviews, John would have passed with flying colours, and entrusted to handle clients of the highest status.
, “Yes. Come along, Danny.” There was something about this man that he liked, and Sherlock wanted to discover exactly what that was. They left the park together, their bodies closer to one another than strangers ought to be comfortable with, but neither man made any effort to move further apart.
being out of control like this but he just couldn’t stop it any longer. There was too much there, too large a strain had grown over time. He had to release it somehow or be torn apart forever.  “It’s okay, gorgeous. It will all be okay, I promise. He’s coming back to you, I swear, I swear, I swear.” Danny kissed Sherlock’s face all over, “I know this was hard, beautiful, but John’s not going to get it through his head unless it hurts. He’s obviously even more of an idiot than you are, utterly hopeless, the pair of you. You deserve each other.”
. To him. That man there. Can you see him? He is a human being and a citizen of this country, as am I, and you’re saying that not only can we
John went to Sherlock’s wardrobe mirror and looked at himself, “I am fine.” His voice was a bit wooden.
The blush on Sherlock’s cheek was startling to see. John was used to Sherlock being calculating and precise, but now he stood in front of John, almost wiggling like a puppy, his long toes drumming on the floor before Sherlock turned away and busied himself making notes on his laptop, but John wasn’t so unobservant as to not notice that Sherlock had to correct several entries, fumbling at the keyboard. Sherlock was flustered! John scented the air but he could sense no discomfort.
“Sherlock,” Lisa trilled, blindly happy as she swanned over, her hips wagging back and forth in gross exaggeration, “We finally have a chance to see each other face-to-face!” She was in front of him now, her lips puckered as she went for his cheek. Repulsed, Sherlock jerked back and nearly bashed Mycroft’s face with the back of his head. She tittered and stepped back, “Oops, I forgot, girls aren’t your area.”
“No, though it was brilliant, and we will be repeating it as soon as I can handle it. What I needed was you, by my side. I can feel you, smell you, touch you. You make me feel safe, and when I feel safe, I can relax and rest. You do me good, just by being here. I do love you, John. You are every good thing to me. Merry Christmas, my love.”
Mrs Hudson and Sherlock both looked at John who swallowed hard, “If you could forgive me, Mrs Hudson. I was quite the idiot the last time we spoke. I can never apologise enough. All I can do is to try and be a better person than I was.”
“Who are you, Sherlock Holmes?” Danny’s voice was soft and full of wonder. So lost were they in their conversation that they hadn’t heard someone trudging up the stairs. “Visitor,” whispered Danny, cutting his eyes to the door before going back to gazing at Sherlock intently.
After dinner was cleared away, Harry went home while John continued his task, sweating as he persisted in giving every square inch of the place a surgical scrub-down. Everything that remained to be donated was boxed up and stacked in what had been the spare bedroom. John’s personal possessions had dwindled down to a steamer trunk, two suitcases, a giant tote filled with kitchen things, and the large stack of collapsible plastic containers that were tightly packed with Rosie’s unusually large collection of clothing, toys, and accessories. Most of her possessions had been gifts, and John had no idea what he was supposed to do with it all now, but they’d be safe enough in the basement suite on Baker Street until he had a better personal situation sorted out.  Rosie had already outgrown most of the outfits, and hardly played with the toys. She just enjoyed being around them, so John had packed every item.
“Well, what do you want me to say, John? From what you’ve told me you have acted like the biggest arse on the entire planet. For fuck’s sake, John, what more can someone possibly do to prove how much they care for you? I don’t understand, I really don’t. This isn’t like you at all. I
Suddenly John found himself being closely examined by the elder Holmes. John didn’t resist as his eyes were checked, his neck gently palpated, and his pulse taken. “You two never make things simple,” he groused. “John’s in an alpha version of subspace. He’s submitted himself entirely to you. At this depth, he’s practically a hair’s width away from needing you to command him to keep breathing. He’s turned all his free will over to you as a gesture of willing subservience.”
He got to his feet, stiff from laying on a hard surface for who knew how long and explored the space he was in as best he could. He found a toilet along one wall, and some further careful touches taught him that there was a tiny metal sink not too far from it. When he twisted the tap, a thin trickle of lukewarm water ran out.
When it was time to leave, John absently paid for their meal while gazing up at his very significant other. Sherlock was so tall in his heels but John found every long lean inch to be enticing and hard-to-resist. They strolled out of the restaurant after John helped Sherlock into his long fur cloak, “Cab though, I think.” They looked at Sherlock’s feet ruefully. His lovely fancy heels were gorgeous but there was no way he could keep his pretty toes from freezing, not in the winter chill. Still, John enjoyed helping Sherlock into the taxi, enjoying how his legs looked as he demurely draped the corner of his cloak over them after he was seated, and how he held his knees genteelly together.
They went through several different samples, a process that went much faster after John pointed out a mannequin that was dressed in a sleeveless top. The assistant draped their new model so that John could see how the garment would look when worn, and finally, he settled on a sheer but tightly woven one that had delicate branching patterns worked into it. It was made of a metallic appearing thread so that it shimmered in an understated way, it was perfectly rectangular, apparently would work with a number of colour combinations, and so forth. John watched attentively as he was quickly shown a few different ways it could be used. After he paid for it, John took the surprisingly small box it was in and returned to 221 B Baker street to hide it away.
He woke early in the morning, flat on his belly the way he normally slept because John was extracting his plug, “Pull your leg up.” Sherlock obeyed, pulling his left leg up toward his chest as John fit his own body tight against Sherlock’s back. “Good boy.” John wasted no time replacing the plug with his penis, not giving Sherlock any time to wake up or respond. He pumped vigorously for almost twenty minutes, huffing and groaning his selfish pleasure, stabbing Sherlock’s sore hole with his thick cock without care for the additional pain he was causing. “This is just perfect, this is just what I need to start my day.” John seemed to enjoy laying on top of Sherlock, his hips moving with unhurried motions as he used Sherlock’s body. “Mmm, this is so nice. You are so tight, I really like this.”
Sherlock was able to totter to the loo on his own, and with relief, evacuated his bowel and bladder in turn. He ached but it wasn’t impossible to move about. The doctor agreed, and with very little argument, wrote Sherlock a script for pain relievers, and signed him out. Anthea arrived moments later bearing a garment bag. Inside was a brand-new suit from a tailor that kept their measurements on hand. Mycroft must have ordered him a new suit as a gift when he moved away from Baker Street. She waited discretely in the hallway while the nurse helped him dress, then drove him slowly back to his brother. Sherlock scowled, “Why didn’t you come to the hospital?”
Sherlock was horrified to find that his cock was responding to John’s arousal. Ashamed, he tried to hide his erection, but John noticed immediately, “Oh yeah, pretty boy. There’s lube in the bathroom, go get it right now.” Sherlock hurried away, his cock jutting ignominiously out in front of him. John was going to fuck him, and his arse was so sore already, he just didn’t know how he was going to handle it. He rushed back to John who was laying on the sofa fingering himself lazily while he stroked his still hard cock. “Sit down in the middle of the sofa, put this cushion behind your back.”
Sherlock blinked in surprise at the offer. He hadn’t considered that John might still want to help, and it still felt very strange attempting to do the work without him. He thought for a moment but there really wasn’t much to think about. His hurt feelings and pride simply did not add up to the value of the lives being lost, “Wiggins is still at the same spot, begin there. I haven’t heard back from him today, so perhaps…”
“Daddy,” Sherlock couldn’t help himself, calling out for what he most desperately wanted, “Take me, daddy, I need it.” That big fat head was popping in and out of his hole in the filthiest of ways, making him stretch and burn more than ever. The soldier was toying with him, extending the burn, and Sherlock felt his mind slipping away faster than normal as his senses were aroused by the mix of pleasure and pain.
can’t. It’s…complicated.” Sherlock scowled at the reluctance in his brother’s voice and it was as if Mycroft could sense the negative expression, “I’ve made assurances, Sherlock, promises. Lives hinge on me keeping my word.”
Sherlock seemed to find John’s body delicious, he kept mouthing and kissing every part as it became exposed, pausing only when John’s cock was finally revealed. Before John could say a word, Sherlock was leaning over him, his mouth already swallowing him down, “Fucking fuck!” John shouted. Sherlock was a genius, of course he was! He was sucking exactly right, not too fast, not too rough, but eagerly enough that John momentarily worried that he would spend himself before they got any further.
Mary delivered their child and almost immediately ran away. John chased after her with Sherlock, abandoning his new-born with Molly Hooper who knew nothing about children but who also was incapable of saying no to either of them. Things got messier and messier. Villains seemed to grow on trees and all of them had a vendetta against Sherlock, throwing John into the mix just because they could. The worst of it was Sherlock, his descent back into drugs, the sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of Magnusson, the way he nearly died via Culverton, the way John himself beat Sherlock nearly unconscious. Sherlock had almost lost an eye, and John had certainly lost the respect of everyone they knew. He had been out of control.
. Taking their clothing off was a good idea, Sherlock’s body was long and cool compared to the stouter firebrand that John currently felt like.
John felt odd. He was alone in the at 221 B Baker Street, not even his daughter to distract him, and he felt awkward. At first, John tried to watch some telly, but he felt uneasy, as if he were in a stranger’s home instead of his own. He thought of his sister’s plan and sighed. There was no time like the present, so John got up, and did an inspection. As he’d suspected, the cupboards were rich in tea and biscuits but little else. Rosie couldn’t live on the same few things Sherlock did, a shopping trip was necessary. He peeked outside and saw the same car from earlier though the driver was different. He was watching Baker Street, so the good doctor sighed, turned away from the window and went back to his task.
Sherlock still had to go out for Petri dishes the next day, so, hungover and miserable, he made his way to another supplier. He was just leaving the store when Sherlock was taken completely by surprise when a short, sandy-haired, and sturdy woman strode up to him, cocked her fist, and let fly with a blow that rocked him back several steps, “Excuse me!” he shouted, “What the devil is wrong with you?” She’d gotten him right at the top of his jaw. His ear was ringing.
Sherlock began combing through his memories of what had been, at the time, the very happiest time of his entire life.
The words just rolled off of John’s tongue as if he said them every day, as if they were words he heard often, and was comfortable with them. Sherlock was shocked to his core because it was true. He did intensely dislike eggnog at the moment and he did indeed love John so he agreed by merely saying, “I stand corrected.” Sherlock heaved himself up, stuffed a pillow behind his back, and took the cup of tea from John.
for them, and sort-of-kind-of but not exactly outright saying that they were finally together. John didn’t want to date someone who wasn’t the love of his life, and Sherlock stopped pretend-flirting for cases because of John, and in every observable way, to outsiders at least, they were a proper couple at last.
John felt ridiculously proud of that fact and went to bed feeling deeply content. He slept deeply that night and woke greatly refreshed in the morning. He went to the kitchen to make tea and found that Sherlock had put together a hearty bagged lunch for him to take with him, and had even found their missing flask. John filled it with tea and took his toast to eat on his way to work. Many hours later, John made his weary way home once more, cold and tired from his long day. Sherlock greeted him at the top of the stairs, and he was holding a steaming mug once more. “Perfect. I factored in extra walking time from the station to Baker Street, accounting for the light snowfall as well as the possible density of riders within each train car. I wanted your mug to be just the right temperature, hot enough to warm you but not so much as to scald you. Your lips are probably cool from the brisk air outside, and you will be more sensitive to heat against them. I don’t want to ruin your ability to taste dinner, it’s nearly ready.”
“Maybe?” His voice was thick and broken when he answered. Danny’s tears ran anew, telling Sherlock that his new friend had cared for his late lover deeply. “Never got the chance to really find out, did I? We weren’t together for very long, and I guess you could say it was love at first sight, but there was so much that was hidden. I’m stuck now, caught feeling this way for a dead man, trapped by all the secrets he kept and all the lies he had to tell. I was his first…his only. Alex never had a chance either, and it was his love for me that got him killed. They killed him for having emotions.”
John was still smiling as he stepped forward. It was so easy to bend down to meet John as he stretched up the tiniest bit so that their mouths met. It was brief, only a moment, then John was reaching up and tugging off a berry from the sprig. Both of them felt a tension they hadn’t immediately noticed, fade away. Their second kiss lasted a bit longer, their lips sliding sensuously back and forth over each other’s, familiarizing themselves with the feel of the shape of their lover’s mouth. When the second berry was tugged off, the tension lessened more but the men stepped closer despite that. Their third kiss lasted longer still, a gentle movement from John became a silent request for entry, one that Sherlock granted. They groaned as they let the kiss linger as they tasted each other. John’s free arm found it’s way around Sherlock’s waist, his hand splayed over the small of Sherlock’s back to keep their upper bodies tight together. It was a while before the berry was recollected enough to be plucked.
Sherlock felt cold inside, and without realizing what he was doing, spelled it all out for John who sat there with a look of astonishment on his face, “Do you want me to go check anything out?” offered the doctor instantly, “I can see if I can treat some of the ones who haven’t made it to hospital, or at least, get them there if they’re ailing.”
“I’m leaving.” Sherlock turned to go once more but for the second time, Mrs Hudson had his wrist in her startlingly firm grip. He whispered, “Please, I beg you, just let me go!”
“I told you it would sound ludicrous, but yes, just like in the movies. They’ll check on us in a while. They don’t say much but from what I gather, we’re still in England. We’re trapped. I can’t figure out how to escape.”
John had the grace to look ashamed of himself even if his fists remained clenched tight but all that did was cause Sherlock to feel annoyance
He was the most surprising human that Sherlock had ever come across. “I did, I do, I mean, I want to tell you. If you really want to know.”
“Well, no, you can apply to have medical authorities too, but only if you’re both orphaned or do not have siblings to undertake those duties.” The official looked a bit more nervous now because Sherlock was glaring at him intently.
“Yes, sir.” Without further conversation, Anthea brought him back to Mycroft’s. Once there, Sherlock had a small bite to eat, a large glass of milk, and made himself ready for bed, though it was too early in the day. He wasn’t tired, but he knew the shock of the breakup had not yet worn off, and that he would be better equipped to deal with things if he allowed his transport to just rest. He missed John’s warmth, his softness, his steady presence. Sherlock’s bed was cold and empty, and he was lonely enough to bring his skull to bed with him, curling around it as he made himself drift off to sleep.
“I’ll only ever talk about your arse then,” John winked at Sherlock who was rolling his eyes and huffing but also blushing a tiny bit.
“Indeed,” Sherlock seemed to relax, losing the tension he’d been carrying since the envelope had been delivered, “How shall I RSVP?”
“I don’t either. You’re a total arse, John.” Sarah was glowering at him, “I used to think you were a stand-up man, John, but I’m beginning to doubt it now. Let me get this straight. You’ve never been bonded to Sherlock, but you treated him like your mate in public so often that everyone who saw you thought you were a proper couple, even me. John, you grieved like he was your mate when you thought he committed suicide. Now, to recap, he came back to life but instead of going back to him, you got engaged to someone you admit you can’t even really be with, shared his heat
Rosie was laughing maniacally and running away from the group as fast as her tiny legs could carry her. Sherlock jumped right up and darted after her. She was a Watson though, and short legs or not, she got a fair distance before he managed to retrieve her. “You are a dangerous creature, Watson.” Sherlock pretended to be angry, but she wasn’t fooled at all. Exuberantly, Rosie threw her arms about his neck and kissed his cheek, grinning madly the entire time. With a laugh of his own, Sherlock turned to go back for the pram but discovered that he had no need to.
Slowly, Sherlock turned, and for the rest of his life, he would be grateful that both Gregory and Mycroft had their arms about his back, their solidarity firm and unshakeable. Lips pressed tight together, Sherlock managed to look directly at John and ignored Lisa. His ex-lover looked trim and more fit than ever. His stomach had lost that soft swell that John had been fighting with since he’d left the army.
John saw red, and nothing could stop him, especially when the intruder spat out the words, “Fuck off, short-arse, this wet cunt is mine.” The man raised his fist, clearly readying himself to strike Sherlock once again, possibly attempting to render him unconscious so that he didn’t prevent the newer alpha from getting what he wanted.
situation. Danny sat on the sofa, one leg on the cushions, and pulled Sherlock down with him, arranging them so that Sherlock was resting against Danny’s narrow chest, their fingers tangled together. “Tell me yours and I’ll tell you mine.”
John felt his great sadness begin to melt away. He kept his eyes closed and mutely accepted Sherlock’s caresses. Carefully, the omega peeled them both out of their clothes, shifting John’s body as necessary before pressing close the moment they were both naked. “Sherlock.”
“Well, from the bits of last night I recall, you told me that you’ve been in love with me for years now, right before I told you I felt the same way.” Sherlock blinked down at John.
It was the worst possible luck that manifested one sunny afternoon. Sherlock was walking with Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson, all of them rapidly going over the facts of their latest matter when they passed a partially full restaurant. Everyone had divided up the job of verifying Sherlock’s theories, and they were discussing where to go from there. There in the window seat sat John, and across the table from him was Lisa. She was smiling broadly and clutching John’s hand, her painted nails vivid as she gripped his fingers in hers. She patted it affectionately before withdrawing it and standing up to give John a very lingering kiss on his cheek. Just as she sat down, John looked up, his mouth dropping open as everyone he used to work with glared at him before closing up as a group and herding Sherlock away. Anderson sent John a two-fingered farewell that Donovan matched, all of them closing ranks about the silent and pale detective in front of them. The unstable shifting-ground feeling had returned in force, and all Sherlock could say was, “I’m...just...good-day.”
“Yet look at the clues I am giving you.” Sherlock kissed the corners of John’s mouth gently before kissing the tip of John’s nose, “What might you deduce from my actions?”
“Go on, John, touch me.” John reached out and cupped Sherlock through the stockings and they both gasped. “Take everything off of me, John.”
Sherlock was a bit sad that it was all over but they both knew what they had been getting into. “Be safe, soldier. I hope I’ve ruined you for anyone else, you’ve certainly ruined me.” It would be a week or more before he could sit easily, and for the next day or so, he’d be staying at home to heal.
“Time to go speak to the Queen, love.” Their old joke didn’t even put a dent in Sherlock’s fury as John drew him away to go speak with his brother. If anyone could find a loophole, it was him.
. Danny broke down completely, and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to hold him for as long as necessary while he wept his grief out.
John didn’t need to dig far to recall that not so long ago, he was busy deliberately ignoring everything that Sherlock did. “You’re amazing. That’s just, amazing. I don’t know that it would work for me, but I may give that a try.”
John had the grace to flush, “No, but it doesn’t hurt to be polite. She’s a long-time fan. She’s interested in what we do.”
He let out a deep breath before continuing with the last of it, “I need to make so major changes in order to get myself straightened out, so, I’m selling this house. I can’t live here any longer. Living here isn’t healthy, I’ve become too circular in my thinking, it’s poisoning me inside. I've lost track of who I am and how I want those closest to me to see me. I'm...not good, and I think that staying here is part of the problem. I have enough issues to handle without continually making things worse by keeping this place. The sale is happening a lot faster than I imagine it would, it was put up officially only this week, but word got out even before that, so I’ve already got bidders that far exceed my requirements. My agent and I are looking over offers, so it will be gone by the end of the month.”
“Sherlock!” Despite his concerns, John didn’t hesitate to come right over. Carefully, he covered one of Sherlock’s hands with his, “Don’t move, Sherlock. You’re recovering from serious burns as well as some other rather unpleasant injuries. You’re here, in London. You’re safe.”
.” Mycroft walked over the John and stared down at him coldly, “Where is your spine, man? You used to possess one, and it is one of the characteristics that made you a suitable partner for my brother. Do not continue allowing Sherlock to run rampant over your needs and emotions just because you feel deeply for him. You are in the private care ward of a fully functional medical facility staffed with the most highly trained personnel I could find. It is
Both men were smiling at one another, their faces filled with love, commitment, and trust. They weren’t letting their history prevent them from having a future. Both men were dedicated to the task of bettering themselves in order to be a better partner to the person they had cleaved to, mind, heart, and soul.
