at this.  “Darling, I
“Like I want you to do something about it,” Tony told him, rubbed the back of his fingers against Steve’s jaw, took a deep breath.  “C’mon, come inside me.  Use me. I got all dolled up for you, so come on, soldier, use your pretty little doll.”
, he’d imagined being in Agnes Ayres’ place.  When he’d watched
That was even probably true, Steve reflected.  Tony was such a sweetheart.  He curled his arms around Tony’s waist and closed his eyes, pressing close, letting half of his weight or so rest on Tony.  Tony just laughed and scratched at his hair some more, and Steve let his eyes slide closed, as Tony scratched his scalp, petted his hair, rubbed the back of his neck. Tony always made him feel so good.
Tony’s lashes fluttered and he looked down, off to the side, bit his bottom lip.  “
“Shh,” Steve said, stroking the back of Tony’s neck.  “Shh, sweetheart.  That was so good.  You were so good.”
A warm, aching wave of fondness rose up inside Steve, tender and tight in his chest, and he felt himself smile fondly, crookedly.  “There you are, sweetheart,” he murmured, just to himself, and moved forward to snag the fleece blanket folded up on the back of the sofa and shake it out to tuck it in around Tony.  It was just like him not to reach for it, really, whether out of forgetfulness or absorption in a project or exhausted absent-mindedness or whatever other reason.
Steve smiled, kissed his lips again, softly, and pulled his fingers out of Tony. They made a wet, squelching noise, and Tony immediately felt a hot flush travel over him from his head down over the back of his neck, feeling very aware of the cool wet feeling of his hole.  He felt—open, ready for Steve’s cock, the way Steve liked him before he’d even consider putting it inside him, soft and open and dripping with lube.
Brock’s breaths were growing uneven as he tugged Steve’s hole open roughly, ignoring his prostate, as he grunted about Steve’s hungry pussy, and Steve closed his eyes and breathed out hard.  That meant there wasn’t going to be much stimulation for him tonight.  That was okay.  That was fine with him.  He didn’t want to—to think about Tony when he came, and he was afraid if he was allowed too much pleasure, he just might.  And that wouldn’t be—fair.  That wouldn’t be right.  It was just that—he’d just seen Tony before he came there, and if he shut his eyes, he could still smell a touch of his cologne, the scent of rose and sandalwood and something spicy and intoxicating, even over the grit of the floor and the smell of beer.
Then it struck him that his head really, really hurt.  His arm—didn’t, but it felt strange, like he couldn’t have moved it if he tried, and he didn’t want to try, but his head was a sharp, heavy, throbbing mass of pain.  He took a sharp breath in through his nose at the pain—bit the inside of his cheek against making a sound.  It made opening his eyes a lot less attractive a proposition, but he wanted to see if Tony was really there.  He felt like he would feel better if he could just—see Tony sitting there, rest his eyes on him.  That’d be better than any painkiller, he was pretty sure.  It might even make his head hurt less.  He wasn’t sure how that would work, but he felt like it would.
“You just let me know,” he said, and stroked his hand down over the back of Tony’s hand, his forearm, stroking at the hair that prickled over the skin, down to rub at the sensitive skin at the inside of Tony’s elbow with his thumb, watched Tony shiver, because he liked that, liked strokes to his sensitive inner elbows, the inside of his knees.  Steve loved touching him there, seeing him breathe out, twitch his hips lightly, squirm, the light trembling shudder that would go through every inch of him.
Tony gave him an incredibly—pained look, almost sad.  “Yeah, okay, whatever,” he muttered, dismissively, Steve thought, looking down and away, then reached out, slid one gauntlet around Steve’s shoulders.  The other reformed around his hand.  Steve stared at it.
Steve felt . . . he felt helpless, overcome.  Saliva drooled out of his mouth as Tony pulled away, pressed a wet kiss to his cheek, then slapped at both of Steve’s broad pecs, grinning as he gasped and they jumped under the heavy slap of his hands.  He squeezed against the nipples and Steve shuddered down to his toes.  “Such pretty little tits,” Tony said.  “Well, not little.  Not little at all, really, are they, slugger?  They’re huge.  You’ve got a rack and then some.”  He tugged on Steve’s nipples, and Steve gasped, groaned, felt tears of sensation stinging at his eyes, overwhelmed in the best way.  “How’s that warming oil treatin’ you?  Making you feel really nice?”
“Honey, the bed is filthy, and you’re covered in welts and oil that’s going to work into your skin, and—no, I’m getting you cleaned up.  You need a shower.”  Tony’s voice was implacable, even as he slid his arms around Steve’s waist, kissed his temple.
Steve pulled back, off his cock, slid his thumb up, right under his cockhead, just at the spot he was most sensitive, rubbed there in a slow circle, and Tony felt himself go hot all over, felt his hips jerk up helplessly, abruptly, toward Steve’s mouth.  Steve licked his bottom lip, looked up at Tony.  “That’s good?” he murmured.  “Yeah?  You’re liking that?”
“Yeah,” Steve said, smiling. He reached around, deftly slipped the ribbon loose on the babydoll, opening it up and pulling it back off Tony’s shoulders.  Tony brought his arms back to help him, sighing as Steve folded it and laid it on the floor, kissed the back of his neck again.  “You really did look so pretty in that,” Steve murmured.  “Loves the way it shapes your body, so you look really kind of curvy.”
The tone still made Steve flush.  “I—just thought,” he said, and swallowed.  “You seemed like you were here alone, so.”
“And here I thought you had a good imagination,” Steve said, smirking a little, and Tony shivered, smiled down at him, ran both hands through his hair, carding it back off his forehead, rubbing both thumbs against the hot skin there, along his hairline, along his temples.
—lasted until Steve got back to his own place, and then, as the door closed behind him, he sagged back against it, closed his eyes.
Steve nodded, breathlessly.  His eyes were closed, even as he tilted his head to one side, rubbed his open mouth, his parted lips, all over Tony’s cock, licking softly and gently at Tony’s cockhead in a way that had him shivering.
Tony blinked at him as he swung toward the side of the ice and saw him there, waiting, and an unreadable expression went over his face.  “Hello there, big boy,” he said, almost a purr, as he swung off the ice and Steve held out his arm to help steady him, but there was something uncertain in his voice, the way he tentatively gripped Steve’s arm.
“Miss you,” Steve said.  He let himself grab at Tony’s wrist, hold him, rub gently against the bone of it.  He swallowed, made himself say it aloud.  “I—want you.”
Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s sore rear, against the red, welted skin, and Steve shivered with it all over, even as he started to move his fingers, to work him open.  Tony was always so careful, getting him open and wet and slick, and he was still tender inside, sensitive, from how long Tony had spent fingering him earlier, teasing his pleasure out of him.  Steve shuddered, heaving for breath.  Tony was talking, he realized, voice a warm, constant presence, rolling over him like a blanket, constant praise, as warm as a touch over Steve’s whole body.  He called him beautiful again, wonderful, sweet, so sweet and good, praised the flush of his rear, his aching tits, even his muscles inside, how they felt against Tony’s fingers—God—and the way Steve relaxed to let him in, the obscene aching bob and drag of his cock, how red and flushed it was, almost purple, until Steve had his head down, dizzy with the praise, the detail of it, eyes closed, hot with the obscene knowledge of it, the awareness, and that just went straight to his cock, too.  Tony’s words were quick and rambling and warm, his other hand stroking the soft hair at the back of Steve’s neck, rubbing gently against the damp downy hair at Steve’s hairline, the base of his skull, even as he praised the width of Steve’s trembling thighs, the curl of his toes, the shape of his ears, the helpless flexing of his shoulders and back, and Steve felt himself go hot all over all over again.
And then sometimes it was like afterwards the crushing despair would get even worse, like the grey cloud would turn into a black cloud of crushing agony, and he’d wonder why he’d even bothered to open his eyes that morning, he’d wish the serum had let him die when he’d been meant to, he’d wondered what was so wrong with him that he needed this, that he craved it, that he let his subordinate slap him around and got off to it, that he needed someone to tell him when he was allowed to come to the point he didn’t even jerk himself off at home in his apartment anymore—it felt too wrong, too unfulfilling, without Brock there to tell him whether he was allowed to come or not and spank him red and raw and bruised if he came when he shouldn’t so it hurt to sit down, and he flinched when he settled into his chair at the briefing table, without someone to tell him he’d done it right after.  It was pathetic, but there it was.  He’d used to jerk off every night before bed—now, more often than not, he went to bed hard and aching, unless Brock had given him the word that he’d be welcome at his place.
moans, moaning Tony’s name, both hands in his hair now, stroking and gripping, and it felt so good, so, so good, that Tony’s cock felt hot and damp in his panties, against his hot skin under the garter belt.  Tony felt warm all over, and every tug or squeeze or stroke of Steve’s hand in his hair made him shiver with that warmth as another wave of it passed over him, pooled in his cock, flushed warm in his face, in the ache of his jaw.  Tony let himself settle into that warm, loose, easy feeling, fuzz out on that pressure and ache, the feeling of Steve warm and hot and heavy and pulsing down his throat, lost himself in that heavy drag, the hot slide along his tongue, in and out of his mouth, in working his tongue, hollowing his cheeks, sucking, the way Steve’s hips juddered and worked under him, until he was pressing his lips to Steve’s base, into his pubic hair, against his skin, in a wet, red kiss, closing his lips firmly around Steve’s cock so Steve would be sure to notice, to remember the red lipstick stain, the releasing a bit as he let himself drag back up.
Tony grinned back at him, feeling it loose and light on his face, soft and wide and easy.  “Naughty boy,” he said.  “Fooling around while on duty.  Weren’t you on those posters with all the condoms?  Scandalous.”
“Feels
, where all he could do was gasp and moan and pant against Tony’s skin, rolling his hips helplessly as his cock jerked and pain washed through him beautifully, pleasurably, like fire from his buttocks.  He was so, so close to coming, his cock throbbing, could feel his balls hot and hard and high and tight, tightening every time Tony pinched his rear or slapped it lightly.  Tony ignored Steve’s hole just as much as he did his cock, but Steve could still
But he really was the best. He was.  He seemed to know just what Tony wanted from this, just … gave it to him, no questions asked, even as Tony did his best to serve him.  It was so perfect, every time they played like this.  Tony had only had to give a stumbling, awkward explanation of why he liked this, why he even wanted his cock locked up sometimes, once.  It was like Steve just … got it.  Tony sighed, pressed close, gave Steve a hug with one arm around his back as he pressed up against him, and Steve smiled against his forehead, almost shy, Tony could feel it, nuzzling sleepily closer, breath warm and damp against Tony’s temple.  Tony wanted to tell him that, how good he was, how he was the best, the best Tony could have ever asked for, but he wasn’t sure how to say it without sounding—without sounding needy, or stupid, or just weird, so he figured he’d wait until tomorrow, because Steve deserved to hear it from him, but he was so, so sleepy, and he couldn’t think how to say it, and he just felt so good and tired and relaxed and exhausted, couldn’t think at all.
Tony opened his eyes and smiled at him.  “No,” he said.  “Thank you.” And he leaned in and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips.
Steve did his shoulders for a long while, watching them turn even redder under the soft white tails, letting them caress his skin in between, slip and slide over his shoulder blades, between them, down his spine before he brought them back up in a slow rhythm he kept purposefully uneven.  He watched Tony’s hands tighten in the blankets, twist, his strong wrists working, the muscles locking up along them under the cuffs, before they’d relax again, go limp, and Tony would relax, face down in the pillows, panting, working his hips in little needy twitching rolls forward every so often. Eventually, Steve pulled his arm back, stepped in, ran his hand over the warm red skin of Tony’s shoulders.  He shuddered, gasped, and Steve turned it over, ran the backs of his fingers along Tony’s skin.
“I love you,” Steve choked out over his suddenly tight throat.  “Thank you so much for this.  For—for being here.  For doing this for me.”
nice.”  He leaned down, kissed him, gently, enjoying Tony’s soft little moan, the way he arched up into it, all eager, giving and sweet, tasting like sugar and spice and chocolate.  “And trust me,” he added in a whisper against his lips, “the old in and out?  That’s a sure thing.  Tomorrow morning.  That can be your first Christmas present.”
clearly being Steve in this context, Tony thought with undeniable fondness.  He was glad Steve was enjoying it—he’d put in a lot of effort to suck Steve off effectively, to make it good for him, and it was nice to think all that effort had pleased him, hadn’t been for nothing, even though Steve expected so little from sex he’d probably have been happy with Tony jerking him off night after night, so it didn’t say much, either.  Steve was tragically deprived in the department of sensuality, more than sexuality, if you wanted Tony’s take on it.  He’d had plenty of sex, as far as Tony could tell, he just didn’t expect much, and especially not slow touches and being lavished with attention, so of course that was what Tony had committed himself to most of all, whenever they were together.
“Your wish is my command, o Captain, my Captain,” he said, and kissed the back of Steve’s head, and Steve hid his suddenly bashful smile in the towel.
Steve went—somewhere else for a while, somewhere where he was hanging on with his fingernails and gritted teeth through the pain, just trying to stick it out.  He could feel himself panting, the little gasps and whimpers that he put all his energy into holding back behind his teeth, the way he was sweating, but he wasn’t aware of much else.  At some point he thought he might have heard Tony speaking into his comm—something about getting Steve off the field and back to real medical care, he was pretty sure, and he wanted to apologize to someone for having to leave them, and taking Tony with him in the process.  He was sure the others could have still used Iron Man with them.  But he was sure that if he opened his mouth he’d hurl, and he didn’t want to do that all over Tony’s armor, and everything hurt so damn much that he stayed quiet.  He wished he was at least standing for Tony to hold him up, though.  That’d have a little bit more dignity than the good old princess carry Tony had him in.  Then something jostled his arm, and Steve was aware of clenching his jaw, swallowing a—loud—sort of noise, and that was all there was for a while.
Tony smiled down at him.  “Well, no, you didn’t, my dear,” he said.  “Are you planning on doing something about that?”
He couldn’t help the thrill of excitement that admission, that request, sent through him, either. As much as he liked it slow and soft, there was something about Tony taking some of their harder implements that just—it was incredible to watch, him writhing and gasping and gripping at the blankets and sheets with both fists, mouth open on a whimpering, groaning moan as he struggled to stay still, even to push his rear out for it, to be good, as rosy, stinging welts formed dark against his olive skin.  Just to see Tony so
Steve sucked in his breath.  Tony grinned, and then poured some of it into his hand and traced it down messily over Steve’s left pectoral, smearing the oil over his already sensitive skin until it gleamed.  He felt the warmth almost immediately, and Steve gasped as his sensitive skin began to prickle, to throb, raw where Tony had already worked it pink and red, but in the best way.  Tony poured more oil down, over Steve’s front, so it dripped down over his collarbones, and started to rub it in, over Steve’s, his, his heaving chest, his
“Good, good,” Tony managed to get out, swallowing hard just so the words came out clearly without spilling saliva all over his beard and the sides of his chin.  Steve always came quickly, and it was pretty apparent—from the flush of his face, from the leaky mess his cock was making on the coverlet, all over his fingers, from so many other things—that this was turning him on even more, so Tony didn’t expect him to last much longer.  “Are you gonna come?  Come while you’re sucking me off?  Rub yourself off with your mouth still on my cock?  You want to?  You want to come with my cock in your mouth, knowing how well you’re sucking me off?”
Eventually, Steve gave a satisfied sound and one last lick to Tony’s damp, saliva-wet hole, rubbing his hands gently over his thighs, up along his hips, and straightened up.  His mouth was even puffier, wetter, than it had been before, and Tony swallowed, feeling a twinge of hot, needy, wanton self-consciousness pulling tight in his belly as he watched Steve wipe his mouth, wet and glistening.  His face was so spit-slick it really did look like he’d been eating Tony out, like he’d gotten wet for him somehow, and Tony groaned, feeling his gut tighten, his cock throb helplessly, for some reason, at the thought.
“Last time I threw in a quad to cover up my, uh, bobbling on the choreo,” Steve admitted, “and everyone seemed to like it, so I thought . . . it might be good to throw one in toward the end again.  Keep things exciting.”
“Exciting,” Tony said, “Well, it was for me.  I’m jealous, Steve.”
“Wh-whatever you want, sir,” Steve managed to slur out, wet against his forearm, and there was silence for a moment.
“’S not flattery if it’s true,” Steve said, still smiling at Tony and not caring how dopey or lovestruck it looked.  “You already know I think you’re just about the best-looking guy on the planet.  That a surprise?”
Tony bit the inside of his cheek, Steve could tell.  “I know,” he said, “and you were so good for them, too, sweet stuff, for me,” and at least gave Steve a quick smile before he got back to work.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured.  He rubbed a finger over Tony’s newly waxed hole, sensitive and tingling at the touch, through the lace of his panties.  “Gosh, these are so pretty,” he said.  “They make you look so pretty.  So perfect against your skin.”
“Do great out there,” Steve said, flailing for something to say again.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, and Tony’s eyes filled, with liquid emotion, with fondness, with love.
“But Steve, honey,” Tony gasped, and lifted his head.  “You, you haven’t.  Can I. Can I make you, you come first? Please?”
“I can take it,” Steve gasped.
“I know what you need,” Tony murmured against the back of his neck, soft and dark and knowing, and Steve shuddered all the way down to his toes, felt the muscles of his hips and back and behind flex as he gasped, the way his thighs worked as he bucked up.  His skin was burning and hot all over, little pinpricks of sensation.  He felt so hot.  He let his head fall back, hang back and rest on Tony’s shoulder, and he could feel the wet slide of his hair.  He needed to
“What?” Tony said, on his feet now.  He shoved his hand back through his hair again.  “Why?  Oh.” He seemed to notice he’d dropped his tablet.  “Whatever. Steve!  You’re awake!”  He blinked, seemed to register what he’d said, and shoved his hands in his pockets, rocked back on his heels, and gave a little laugh.  “Well, that’s pretty obvious, I guess.  You knew that, anyway.  But—you just stay there—how are you feeling, huh, big guy?”
Steve nodded, heard himself sniff a heavy breath as he struggled to keep his eyes from stinging further because of the pure sensations of it.  “Yeah, good,” he slurred, and hardly recognized his own voice at all.
Steve gave a low grunt, sounding satisfied, squeezed his balls lightly, gently, then pushed Tony’s cock up toward his belly again, leaned in and in and down, shimmying up a little between Tony’s legs on his stomach, and pressed a hot, wet kiss to the base of his cock.  Tony heard the moaning little noise he gave, found himself covering his mouth with his hand again.  Steve shot a quick smile up at him, and the sight of that bright, crooked grin on his face made Tony’s chest twinge with a tender, pleasurable ache, like a bruise on the inside, tightened up his stomach—and yeah, made his cock twitch, too.  Steve’s face was red, but he was still smiling when he dipped his head and took the tip of Tony’s cock back into his mouth.
Tony tugged on the weight at his nipple again, and Steve’s whole world turned inside out with sensation again, hot and white and bright, and then Tony started rubbing his finger over the peaked nub of it, and Steve could feel himself panting loud and heavy in his own ears, feel the way he was twisting and shivering, whimpering, under Tony’s arm.  Tony smiled, pressing it in against Steve’s cheek, and then he was doing something—tugging Steve’s leg back up onto the bed, for one.  It made his dick bob in midair, and he groaned at that, too, but then Tony was somehow behind him, tugging Steve into his arms, both hands pulling at the clamps, playing at his tits, and everything went hot and bright again, and Steve felt himself huff out a loud breath, arching forward and up against Tony’s hands, as if he could escape, or earn himself more, or break free somehow.  Tony bit down gently on his ear, and he heard the loud moan he gave, the heaving gasps, even as he fell back down against Tony’s chest and Tony squeezed at his nipples again until he rounded his shoulders with a helpless whimpering noise he felt in his chest, in his throat.  His back, his shoulders, were prickling and sore and raw against Tony’s warmth when he leaned back into him, but it still felt good, somehow, from the discomfort to the steadiness of Tony’s body behind him, the way he felt curled over and around Steve’s torso, his body, warm against Steve’s overworked feverish heat.
“Oh,” Tony heard himself moan.  “That’s so good, sweetheart.”  Steve was sliding his tongue over the tip of his cock, dragging it down and then back up, sliding his tongue along the slit just like Tony had suggested earlier, up and down in a teasing, impossibly good rhythm.  Tony gasped, felt himself roll his hips up until his ass left the bed.  He was panting.
, Steve thought, unfocused, but then he thought that no, that wasn’t it.  He needed whatever Tony wanted him to have.  He pressed his face closer to Tony’s jaw and just breathed him in.  He could still smell his cologne.
Steve scoffed, ducked his head down, his face, his ears, his neck going red down under his shirt.  “I did not,” he said.  “I—I choked and—it—I made all kinds of a mess, and you had to kneel down and wipe my face, you sounded all—all
Only the fourth thing he noticed was the fact that he recognized him.  Tony Stark.  He’d beaten Steve at U.S. Nationals earlier that year.  Come in third at Worlds and shocked everyone.  He hadn’t been supposed to make a comeback, not after—well, everything. Steve hadn’t realized he’d slowed down at first, watching him as he bent forward to shrug out of his jacket, revealing the loose red-button down shirt he was wearing—he was in his performance gear already.  His dark hair fell over his forehead.  Steve still wasn’t used to the mustache.
“Oh, I try,” Steve said, settling his hand at the small of Tony’s back, making sure he had a good grip to hold him steady on his lap.  He pushed his mug into his hands and pulled the plate of cookies over, then picked up his own mug, held it toward Tony’s.  “To your health,” he said.
“Nuh-uh,” he said.  “None of that.  Do it naked, All-American.”
“For now, maybe,” Tony said, but he lifted his head, looked back at Steve, and he was pink in the face and glazed looking and grinning, the soft bright happy look on his face one that made Steve’s heart squeeze tight and thump in his chest, that he would have given anything to see there on Tony’s face more often.
“My pleasure,” Tony purred.  “My almond-banana cupcake.  On your back, stallion, and I’ll keep you warm and do this at the same time.”
“I’m not so sweet,” Steve said.  “You’re the sweet one.”  Tony made a face at him, shook his head, because honestly, that was ridiculous.  “But I do want to make you feel good,” Steve added, then bent his head again, licked at Tony’s cock, licked it back into his mouth and sucked wetly, messily.
“Come on,” he said. “Shouldn’t you be warming up with Bucky?”
When Steve was done with the dishes, he turned around and put one arm around Tony’s shoulders, and, when he didn’t pull away, slid the other under his knees and picked him up.  He knew Tony had seen him telegraphing it when he just laughed and didn’t seem startled or pull away, just squeezed his arms around Steve’s neck.  “You big dork,” he said.
Steve shook his head, still watching Tony—Stark.  He had turned to the TV cameraman and was now arguing with the reporters in short, quiet tones.  Before too long one of them threw up their hands, and the whole lot of them left, TV camera and all.  Stark replaced his earbuds and started to stretch out over his legs.
Stark was giving him a wary look, though the smile stayed steady on his lips.  “Well, thank you, Mr. Rogers,” he said.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Steve said, catching Tony’s hands with his and smiling ruefully at him.  “Sorry, should’ve been clearer.  Good as new.  Not a scratch.”  He tugged Tony’s hands down over his chest illustratively.  “See?”
, he thought again.
“Swap spit on it?” Tony asked, and waggled his eyebrows.
A firm, callused palm cupped his cheek, and Steve gave a heavy breath through his mouth, a dizzy, needy puff of air.  Tony was there kneeling in front of him a moment later, his palm sliding gently along Steve’s shoulder, cupping it where it was raw, then both hands dropping to Steve’s knees, sliding up along Steve’s thighs.  He shivered.  He could feel his cock jerk, bobbing wet and needy between them, precome dripping off of it to splat on the floor, just at feeling Tony’s thumbs traveling up the insides of his thighs, warm and knowing.  He wanted to be good, but even with that he could feel the muscles in his arms, in his shoulders, bunching and straining as he pulled at the titanium magnetic cuffs thick and heavy around his wrists.  He was so grateful that Tony had made them so strong, so strong that even if he was disobedient and bad and let himself pull he wouldn’t break them, they wouldn’t come loose.
“He says he’s dry,” Steve said firmly.  “I believe him.”
Steve worked him up to three fingers, kneading his ass with his hands as he did it, spreading his cheeks wide, tugging on his hole, then sinking his fingers in deep, twisting them gently, fucking them in and out in a slow, hot, wet rhythm against Tony’s prostate, until Tony was panting, and there were desperate, pathetic smears of his precome all over Steve’s belly where his caged cock kept rubbing, dripping and damp.  Then Steve sank his three fingers deep, rubbing them along inside him, and got his other hand up, dragged Tony down into a kiss.
, faceplate pushed up to reveal his features.  Of course any way Tony looked just then would probably have looked great to him.  Tony was there, and present, and apparently real?  Was he real?  Anyway, that was . . . incredible, almost impossible to believe.  The words came out of him very, very slurred and slow, and Steve frowned.  That wasn’t right.  Was it?
“That’s the point, lunkhead,” Steve said, grinning.  “Now c’mere, my very lovely, very clever fella, and take me into the kitchen to get some cocoa.”
“Shh,” Steve said, and pulled his hands free, put them both on Tony’s face, covered his lips with his thumbs.  “Shh, babe.  Love you.  C’mere.”
, and that was all that mattered.  It was like being in a, a perfect dream, the way he was bound and helpless, prickling with pain, with welts, from shoulders to rear, the way Tony was talking to him, was touching him, and he was so gone, he was
Steve kicked his bike into park and sighed, slipping the keys into his pocket.  He was already hard, unbearably, desperately hard, and he was painfully aware of it as he jogged up the stairs to Brock’s apartment, aware of the sweat of anticipation beading on his hairline, down his spine.  He never used the elevator—it was embarrassing to think that he might expose someone to the state of him, if they noticed his needy erection, and someone might actually need it, and it was more exercise, and, well, he usually felt like he needed the physical exertion to get the anxious sparking bugs out from under his skin, and besides that, he didn’t really know that he wanted anyone to see him there.  He didn’t really know if Brock wanted that either.
Steve wanted to say yes, yes, it was so good, it was so, so good, but he couldn’t seem to string words together, or think to speak.  Finally he managed to groan out, “Yes, Tony, please,” his voice a slurring, rasping mess, and he could feel it as Tony moaned with pleasure, felt his cock twitching and hot inside him, because of course Tony always wanted to please him, nothing turned Tony on more than hearing he was doing a good job for Steve.  God, he wanted to please him, he wanted to feel, hear him come, he wanted to make him come with his body, he wanted that so bad.  He felt himself moan, rocked back against Tony’s cock even as it made the weights swing and pull on his tits, made his muscles squeeze down around him, and he was rewarded by the way Tony’s weight came down harder against his back, the way he moaned and rolled his face against Steve’s raw shoulder with a moan of his own.
Tony opened his mouth, let Steve’s cock slide wetly from between them and flop back to lie wet and making a damp spot against the thigh of his slacks, then laid his head down on Steve’s thigh, gasping.  Steve sighed, leaned back against the headboard, and stroked Tony’s hair with one hand, just enjoying the soft thickness of it, even wet and heavy with sweat as it was.  “That was incredible,” he finally breathed. “You’re so good, Tony.  Such a sweet, perfect mouth.  You’re always so good.”
“Are you ready for something a little harder?” Steve asked.  “Just for a while.  Not so awful, I promise.”
When Steve woke up, he was aware of the incessant sound of beeping and the hum of electronics, the scent of disinfectant in his nostrils, the scratchy bleached feel and smell of hospital linens.  It struck him first that he was in a hospital of some sort, and second that it was a twenty-first century hospital, third that he was cold, and clad in an embarrassing hospital gown, fourth that he could curl his bare toes in against the flat mattress and scratchy sheets without any pain, and fourth that he could hear familiar breathing and a heartbeat he knew better than his own in the room with him.  Tony.  A familiar pleasant tightness curled in his belly, a familiar warmth spread through him, a familiar ache twinged in his chest.  Tony had stayed with him.
That didn’t necessarily mean he wouldn’t be disgusted, though.  That just meant he’d have already made up his mind on it.
“Good,” Tony breathed.  “Want you to feel good.  Want you to feel good sucking my cock.”  He found himself caressing the side of Steve’s face, rubbing his fingers into the hinge of Steve’s jaw, up over his cheek.  Steve shivered at the touch, gulped, turned his face toward Tony’s hand, pressing in against it without moving off his cock, his eyes just fluttering open slightly.  Tony let his hand slide over, let his thumb rub Steve’s lower lip, feeling it wet and swollen, stretched around his cock, and it was Steve’s turn to moan, to press his face closer into Tony’s hold, even as he lapped at Tony’s cock lightly with his tongue, dragged it over the tip of him.  Tony moaned at the wet, soft pleasure that tingled through him, lifted his hips into it, and Steve smiled, let him push further into his mouth, then bobbed his head, pulling back and then taking Tony in shallowly in again.  “Oh,” Tony gasped, rubbed at Steve’s bottom lip, pushing his thumb in against it convulsively.  “Oh, that’s good.  You’ve got it, darling, that’s it.”
“No!” Tony gasped.  “Not that.  Never that.  You were amazing.  You were
“I’ve gotcha,” Tony murmured again.  “That’s it, go on.  You gonna come for me?  You gonna come for me, sweetheart?”  He gave Steve another light slap to his pectoral, against his nipple, and it sent the weighted clamp swinging, pulling on his nipple, his muscle, as it swung, rubbing painfully up and down as it shifted the balls against his skin, dragged them along sensitive flesh, and he almost came right then.  “Shhh,” Tony murmured, clever fingers still playing at Steve’s nipple, back up over his, his heaving tits, squeezing, kneading like a massage, until finally he traced them back up to Steve’s collarbones, ran his fingers along them gently, almost delicately.  In another moment, he had a hand on Steve’s belly—holding him, he realized, holding him steady—and had the other behind him, on Steve’s bound wrists.  They were free a moment later, Tony pressing his thumb into the hollow that would read his thumbprint and unlock them, and then Tony was pulling him back, both Steve’s wrists in his hands, dragging them upward.  Steve let him, relaxed into him with a heady sigh and let Tony do whatever he wanted with his hands.
what I wanted you to do and gave me a stupendous show.  I’d be happy to watch that any time at all.”
“Cap,” Tony said, in a falsely shocked voice, grinning hugely.  “Tsk tsk, was that an innuendo?”
“Mmm,” Steve said, gently stroking his thumb over the slit of Tony’s cock where it was just able to be touched through the cage, through the soft silk.  Tony had chosen a soft shade of lavender-blue silk, because it was a color Steve liked to see on him, because chastity always made him feel like—like he should play it up, with soft chaste colors, like being locked in the cage somehow made him purer, pure for Steve in a way that hardly made sense at all.  Tony moaned, feeling pleasure shiver through him, from just that, down through his cock where it was held snugly in the metal.  Steve rubbed at him until he was leaking precome, panting, shivering as his cock wanted to get hard and couldn’t manage it, then subsided, feeling the clinging wetness as he leaked precome out of his slit, bleeding through the silk, making it wet and sticky until he could feel how wet the fabric was under Steve’s thumb, feel the wet spot he was making in his own panties.
“Good boy,” he said, “there’s my good boy, yeah, so good for it, aren’t you sweetheart?”  He moved one hand away, squeezing Steve’s left pectoral with his other hand until he was whining through his open mouth, and wiped it on the rag he’d left on the bed before he slid it up, cupped Steve’s jaw—Tony’s hand felt warm even against his hot skin, warm and prickling with sensation that lingered—and slid his thumb into Steve’s mouth, against the side of it, holding it open as he kissed him again.  The oil was an edible one, tasted like almonds and cinnamon and a little like peppers, and Tony’s mouth was hot and sweet and wet and the kiss was messy, leaving saliva spilling out over his chin, his jaw, against Tony’s lips, the noises wet and soft as Steve’s eyes slid closed and he pressed into the kisses, as the wet sound of their tongues and lips against each other, Tony sucking kisses into his mouth, filled the room.
What?  No!  How could Tony think that he’d neglected Steve at all, he was shivering, floating on the pain-pleasure Tony had already given him, how he’d marked his back and his rear until they were glowing with pleasurable sting, worked him inside until his inner walls felt slick and tender and not quite sore and his cock prickled and ached, raw and hot?  He’d
Steve nodded his head, jerkily, eyes still fixed on Tony and hot, hazy with desire, his pupils dilated and lashes heavy enough to make them look darker than their normal light blue.  Tony found his attention fixed on the golden tips of Steve’s dark blond eyelashes, where they’d picked up the sun and gone red then bright as gilt.
“Okay,” Tony said, and smiled.
and then that that was something he would have thought Tony wouldn’t have minded too much, because, after all, from Tony’s point of view he wasn’t really needed too much, was he, and then Tony was taking off into the air, and oh, it was—cold.  It was very, very cold.  Steve held on tighter and tried not to shiver, tried to breathe evenly, tried to—to just breathe.  He didn’t have time for any of the rest of it right now.  He probably didn’t have time for any of the rest of it ever.
“Oh, honey, I’m so glad,” Tony said.  He rubbed his hand through Steve’s hair, scratched at the back of his head, down over his neck.  “Want you to feel as good as you’re making me feel.  Are you feeling good?”
Tony groaned at the idea. “Sure thing, slugger,” he murmured. His own cock throbbed now, aching, as he turned around, shuffled forward and gripped the sides of the mirror with both hands, steadying himself, very aware of how the position pushed his ass out toward Steve as he squeezed his thighs together, unable to resist rubbing them together as he pressed them tight, feeling the silky softness of his stockings, the gentle tease of the lace over his thighs.
“No,” Steve murmured, stroking his hair, “that’s all right, that’s fine, that’s just right—just there, Tony, just angle me a, a little—”
“Tony?” he said, and it came out of his mouth sounding very, very hazy, thick and hitching in his chest.
, very clearly.
Well, Steve would take care of him now.  That was his job.  That was the best part.  The best part of all.  “So good, sweetheart,” he murmured to Tony again, as he got him lying down in the bed, stripped off his own clothes, grabbed a spare blanket he’d set out earlier and a bottle of water, and then got back down beside him, shaking the blanket out over them, uncapping the water and holding Tony’s head up to help him drink, which he did, bleary-eyed and obedient, clearly soft and sleepy with the space Steve had put him in, until Steve took it away and recapped it, setting it on the nightstand, stroking Tony’s throat with his thumb. “Not too much?” he asked, hoping for a little more—reassurance, he guessed, to settle the alarm that turned over and over in his stomach now, the uncertainty, that that had been too much, that he’d really hurt Tony when all he’d wanted to do was make him feel good, send him flying high the way he always did for Steve.  He reached down, unbuckled the cuffs, massaging Tony’s wrists as he set them aside.
flexible, and the way he shook his hips and twisted his body around was something to see for—well, for sure.
“Oh, pull the other one, Cappy,” Brock said.  “I’ve seen the way you fucking pine after him.  Like a goddamn puppy.  Your face, I swear to God.  You’re the most obvious slut on the damn planet.  Might as well write an engraved invitation on your ass.  ‘Iron Man’s dick welcome here.’  Not that I blame you; the man’s a gorgeous piece of ass himself.  I’d tap that, if I had a chance.  Can you imagine how he’d sound with a cock in him?  Or choking on it.  Jesus.”
in the back of Steve’s throat, the way he’d screwed up his face, shut his eyes tight—he was almost there, had to be.  He set his bare feet on the bed, put both hands on Steve’s head, running his fingers through his hair, tugging gently at the soft strands to pull Steve a little further down on his cock, softly, but just firm enough that Steve might feel it.
“Shh,” Steve told him, his chest twinging with that soft, warm, tender ache again.  He rubbed at Tony’s neck, nuzzled in against the side of his head, pressed a kiss to his ear, his temple.  “Shh, you were.  You were just perfect.  Do you want to come, sweetheart?”  He used his other hand, felt down Tony’s side, the front of his body, until he could close his hand gently around Tony’s cock.  “You want to come, beautiful?” he asked, practically whispering now, lips feeling damp against Tony’s sweaty temple, smearing wet against his skin.
Steve’s head really did hurt, but he didn’t want to sleep again just yet.  “I don’t want to sleep,” he said.  He lifted his hand, not quite knowing what he wanted to do with it until Tony had it in his again, squeezing it lightly.
“Yeah, I’m good,” Tony said then, after a moment, still low and soft, breathy.  “’m good for more.  Go to town, sugarpie.”
beautiful, Steve thought, painfully.  He was so beautiful.  He was the most beautiful person Steve had ever seen.  Of course Brock would take Tony over him.  Anyone would.  Steve would never have had a chance with him.  Even if Tony hadn’t already had a gal.  He knew that.  “You shouldn’t talk about him like that,” he said, swallowing.  “He’s not—”
.  Steve wondered what Tony would make of what he’d been getting up to in his free time.  If he’d be disgusted.  If he’d heard of this kind of thing before.  Sometimes it seemed to him like Tony had heard of
“Like—like what, honey?” Tony asked, and it came out on a groan.  God, Steve’s mouth was all red with Tony’s lipstick now.
“At the Grand Prix Final?” Tony’s eyes went a little wide.  “Jesus,” he said under his breath.  “And then I beat you out of your well-deserved, got-it-on-lock, straight shot to your National title.  And then I beat you again at Worlds.  And golden boy Mr. Rogers, what, doesn’t hold a grudge?”  He laughed, and it sounded bitter.  “You have more reason to hate me than anyone.”
The whispering around them immediately stopped.  Stark turned to look at him, and then he stared at Steve for a moment before his eyes widened.  He dropped his leg and pulled one earbud out, looking up at Steve.
Steve’s mouth felt around his cock.
His legs felt weak, when Tony got him up to his feet, and he leaned on Tony, let himself, let himself moan.  “I like the bed,” he said hazily.  “I can just lay here.”  Honestly he didn’t even mind the come covering him, but he knew Tony would never stand for that.  “Get me a towel or something.”
He was looking up at Steve with total adoration in his blue eyes, and he was warm and real in his arms, and trusting, and Steve just had to dip his head and kiss him again.  “Unless you had anything else you needed to do,” Steve murmured against his lips, when he finally pulled away.
“You feeling ready?” Steve asked, and Tony tensed a little more, but then he relaxed again as Steve kept rubbing at the small of his back in slow, deep, easy circles.
“Yessir,” Steve said gruffly, even as he tilted his head back for Tony’s finger, a beautifully, unselfconsciously giving gesture that made something hot and shivery go through Tony’s chest.  “I surely would.”
“Nice and spread,” Tony told him, sounding hot and breathless himself, as he sat up between Steve’s legs.  Steve looked up at him, but he couldn’t see much through his wet, blurry vision.  That was okay, it didn’t matter—he could feel Tony there, and that meant he was safe, always safe like this, with Tony.  “I love seeing you like this,” Tony said, and now his voice was soft and low, warm and fond, almost gentle.  “Spread out for me, hands cuffed and bound, cute little titties all red and bruising up, cock so hard you look like you’re gonna pop, so wet you could be a water slide, all marked up—helpless, for me, huh, Steve?  Just for me.”
“Oh, you sweetheart,” Tony whispered.  “How the hell did I get so lucky with you, huh?  I’m so lucky you—you want to—” he had to break off, overcome, feeling his throat close up stupidly, his eyes sting.
After that, he had the rhythm of it, and it was easy to rock forward, take Steve even deeper with each bob forward and down of his head, playing gently with Steve’s balls in between with one hand, tugging them up toward him with every pass.  Steve kept gasping, shivering, gave low wet grunts and needy, gasping,
of Steve inside him.  He had to reach back, steady himself with one hand on Steve’s hip, writhing over him, and feeling that huge length just so hot and deep and throbbing inside him, like he could feel Steve’s heartbeat all through his own body because of it, because of that heat nestled so deeply in his body, immovable and impossibly, it felt like, large.
Tony smiled a little more. “That was the idea,” he said.  He reached up, fingered one of his own nipples idly, sucking in his breath at the dual stimulation.  They really did look—pretty striking like this, sexy.
“Takes one to know one,” Tony responded, and rubbed one lotion-y finger on Steve’s nose, then slid his lotion covered hand down the front of Steve’s throat, wiping off the excess and making Steve shiver all over at the sensation as Tony rubbed it in.  “Mmm,” Tony said, throatily husky, clearly reading the expression on Steve’s face.  “Now that’s better.  Warming up, huh, stud?”
“Yeah,” Steve said, and smiled a little, because Tony knew him so well he could see it on him, just like that.
He did, Tony knew that. “All right,” he finally breathed, trying not to squirm, and spread his legs obligingly for Steve, feeling very aware of his hot, damp thighs, a little sticky from Steve rutting back and forth between them, and leaned forward, bracing both hands on the mirror again as he started to lick up Steve’s spend with his tongue.  He did have to be careful, like Steve had said, not to smudge it with his lipstick, and that meant sticking his tongue out, dragging it against the smooth cool surface mirror, getting it all wet with his spit, laving his tongue against it.  He felt intensely, vividly aware of the way Steve was touching him, pushing up his skirt, caressing his thighs, up over his fabric-covered ass, rubbing gently, before he gently unfastened the garter straps, three of them on each leg, rubbing at Tony’s skin under it every time, then stroked the front and back of his thighs, pushed the garter belt up, bunching it and the skirt up around his waist. Tony groaned, moaned, squirming as his cock was released from the tight pressure of the garter belt and sank down to bob more naturally between his legs, just constrained by the soft pressure of the fine lace panties, which had plenty of stretch.   He badly wanted to get a hand down to touch himself, squeeze and tug and press at himself through the panties, rocked desperately on his knees, but made himself keep both hands on the mirror as he kept licking at it, feeling something inside his belly go soft and liquid as he did.
Steve got his hand up, started stroking through Tony’s hair again.  “You were so good,” he murmured again, just to see Tony’s trembling little smile, the way he pressed his face into Steve’s shoulder, against his neck, and blew out soft, trembling breaths.  That was the best part of doing this, the way Tony would go so soft and liquid afterwards, all open, permissive warmth, curl up against Steve and—and show Steve that sweet vulnerable side of him Steve knew was in there, that he tried so hard to keep contained, show Steve the deepest part of him, the part of Tony that maybe loved Steve most of all, or at the very least, was the most eager, the most willing, to show it, all affection and sweetness and devotion and so much of it Steve felt like he’d never even be able to process it all, like a starving man sat down at a great feast, a poor man offered all of Tony’s own vast fortune, and more.  Steve rubbed his hand at the back of Tony’s neck, massaging gently, rolling Tony mostly over on top of him, looking down at the shoulders and rear he’d turned so hot and, well, a little bruised, definitely, at least, that backside, but Tony liked that, didn’t he?  He asked Steve for it so much, and—
Steve found his lips tugging into a smile, even dry as they were and as much as his head hurt, and lifted the hand with all the tubes taped into it, waggling it equivocally back and forth.  “Been better,” he managed.  “Been worse.”  His face felt tight and hot, probably from whatever parts of the explosion had managed to reach him.  “Feel like maybe I hit my head,” he managed.
“Th-thanks,” Tony gasped. His mouth felt very wet, saliva prickling in it as he kept licking at the mirror.  His head was spinning.  It was true that he’d chosen almost his most delicate, pretty pair of panties for this, soft silky lace in delicate patterns.  He was just glad Steve liked them as much as he’d hoped he would.
“I like it when you sound like that,” Steve murmured, lips against the soft skin of Tony’s cock, and Tony shuddered, felt himself trembling in his thighs, down to his toes.  “When you let me hear you.”
“Yeah,” Steve said, and smiled.
And here he was again.  For his
, how he turned into a wounded, snarling bear who lashed out at the people who cared about him the most, but he didn’t want to do that this time.  He really did intend to do his best, try to be patient, let Tony tell him what to do for a few days.  Well, maybe one day.  Tonight and tomorrow morning, maybe.
.  Brock slapped his rear and he clenched down on the cool glass and a little beer slopped out and ran down his thighs, and oh—Steve pressed his eyes against the muscle of his arm and gasped for breath.  He didn’t know if he hated it or if he was turned on, he didn’t know—much of anything at all.
And then he came.  The pleasure crested, went hot and incandescent, radiant, perfectly, like the perfect swing into motion when Tony put his arm around his waist in the armor and Steve put his foot on his boot and they were flying, but while that was perfect and cold and clear and bracing with the wind on his face, stinging and bright, this was hot, all-consuming, nothing but pleasure, sensation, all through his body, lighting him up as he arched his back, cried out, barely aware of how hard he was shaking, of how his fingers were curling tight, fisting in Tony’s hair, of the way Tony was holding him, body supporting him, wrapped around him, the only he was really aware of how every shake, every violent shudder, made the weighted clamps on his nipples swing, ratcheted up the sensation inside of him, so perfectly intense, so painful and yet burning with pleasurable sting, that it just made him come harder and harder, made the overwhelming hot bright agonizing splendor of his orgasm go on and on and on.  He was barely aware of his dick pumping out come, hot and messy, except for when some of it splattered up over his own mouth, over his chin, and he felt so amazingly, humiliatingly debauched, so gorgeously filthy, that it just made him come harder still, and then when Tony’s hand curled over his dick, rubbed at the tip, and he felt how messy his callused fingers had gotten, covered in Steve’s wet messy spend as he rubbed at his cockhead, down his shaft, and it was just—Steve kept coming, stayed in that hot bright place for a long time, such a long time.  When he finally came down from it, he felt warm and . . . and soft, floating, the inside of his head fuzzy.  There were tears in his eyes, and his throat felt raw whenever he gasped, dragged in a heavy breath, like he’d been running, except for him to get that raw ache in his throat and chest he’d have to have been running for, for
Tony smiled again, and it seemed even softer and sweeter than before, somehow.  “Not the point either, slugger,” he said, and his thumb was rubbing a soft path along the side of Steve’s hand.
Tony wasn’t sure how long it took after that—he couldn’t have said, really.  He had a vague impression that it hadn’t been much longer at all, but for all he knew it could have been hours, he was so lost in the pleasure of what Steve was doing for him, running his hand through his hair, and rolling his hips as softly as he could he manage and gasping his breath between babbling words of praise for Steve.  If someone had told him he’d been there for hours with Steve’s mouth on his cock, he’d have believed them.  Everything sort of spun out and solidified, like strands of sugar, going amber and gold all around him, perfect pleasure as he was suspended there in the midst of it, hanging by a thread that was his cock in Steve’s mouth.  Steve balanced his cock on his tongue, slurped around the head, wrapped both his hands around it and got his knees under him and suckled, bobbed his head, clearly losing his inhibitions a bit now, getting the hang of it, pushing Tony higher and higher, dragging his mouth down over the tip and playing his tongue against the slit, covering the whole head with the warm wet drag of his tongue then balancing it on his tongue again to play gently with his tongue, licking it gently all over, going down far enough to nuzzle and suck on his balls then back up to suck at the tip.  Tony thought his brain was probably drowning in endorphins, neurons going off in little fizzy sparks, spinning all around, he thought fancifully—his brain probably hadn’t produced so many endorphins at once, so powerfully, for months.  Steve was always good to him in bed, but this was something else, the pleasure so pure and powerful Tony found himself hanging onto Steve’s hair for dear life, shaking against the bed, his thighs shuddering, twitching helplessly as Steve sucked him higher and higher.
.”  Steve sank down against him, let his head settle onto Tony’s shoulder, roll into the hollow of his neck, let Tony wrap his arms around him.  Tony stroked his hands down over the vast, muscled expanse of his back, slid them down far enough to find bare skin, just a little damp with sweat and pebbled with gooseflesh now that the action was over, and rubbed his hands up and down over the bare skin, before he pulled Steve’s t-shirt down.
Tony moaned, now, and twisted against the bed, rubbing his hips inward, rocking his chest down against the pillow, trembling, his shoulders pulling tight, then relaxing again, as he buried his face in it, panting.  Steve dragged his hand slowly over Tony’s warm, hot buttock, already starting to show the mark of his hand, a slow, heavy caress, stroked his hand back and forth, until Tony’s breath was coming deep and unsteady in his throat, then hauled back his hand again and gave Tony a nice hard swat on the other cheek, made him gasp, buck up, one hand tightening in the covers as his breath hitched. He could feel the tight muscle as it smacked into his hand, the slight bounce of the round, sweet layer of flesh Tony carried on his rear, the way it fit just into his palm, pressed down with his thumb, digging in, dragging it down until Tony was shivering, groaning, then squeezed and smacked him again.
“See?” Steve murmured.  “And I don’t want you to be a better boyfriend than I am.  I want you to have a good boyfriend.  The best.  Because the best is what you deserve.”
And then Tony’s fingers pinched at his nipple again, and he gasped as it woke up his numb tit, and Tony circled his fingers in, and
Tony flipped him a little mock salute.  “Understood,” he said.  “Steve it is.”
Steve smiled against his forehead.  “Mmhmm,” he said, curling his fingers in Tony’s hair and tugging lightly.  “Tomorrow.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured, leaned forward, covering him with his warm strength, his sturdy body, again, kissed his shoulder, the back of his neck, and then he was reaching back, had to be angling himself, and there was the wet sound of him adding more lube, slicking himself.  His fingers brushed more gently over Tony’s hole, pushed just inside with a big squirt of it and twisted, painting it along his inner walls, and then Steve was pushing into him.
Tony smiled at him a little more, and Steve felt his skin heat and redden, knowing that had come out a little clipped and short.  He didn’t mean to be that short with Tony.  There was no call to snap at him just for being concerned.  He took a deep breath, blew it out.
“What was that,” he finally managed to slur out.
“I won’t,” Steve assured him.  He blinked, because his eyes were watering in the bright sun, and squinted up at him.  He still couldn’t hear his own words.  His lips felt very dry, when he ran his tongue over the bottom one.  It was cracked, bleeding.  “I’ll be good.”  He still wasn’t sure if he’d said that, either, but Tony’s face did something strange at that, so he figured he must have.
, and oh, God, maybe he could come from that, maybe if he could Tony would let him come again . . . .
Brock pulled his fingers out of Steve and slapped him hard, over his loosened, wet, slickened up hole, and laughed and called it his sloppy cunt, spanking him hard, and Steve welcomed it, welcomed him making him raw and hot and painful and tender, even as he shoved in, hard and thick and long, because it pulled his thoughts back to the present, to
“My pleasure, big fella,” he murmured, and his voice sounded hoarse, and then his hands were back in Steve’s hair, massaging shampoo into them, and Steve sighed, let his eyes slide closed, let his head rest in Tony’s hands as he rubbed them through his hair, over his scalp, over the back of his neck, massaging in the shampoo, then rinsing it out.  There was some kind of conditioner, or something, next, but Steve didn’t argue, just let Tony do his thing.  Everything was a pleasant haze.  Tony was the only solid thing in the world, Tony under his hands, Tony’s hands in his hair.
“Oh, God, Steve, darling,” Tony panted.  “Liking isn’t the word; it’s,” he couldn’t get a breath, “it’s so good; it’s so good, cupcake.”
Tony was being generous; Steve knew how difficult he could be when he was hurt, how good he usually
“Yeah, honey pie,” Tony said, hand gently stroking over that shoulder, making Steve shudder at the touch to the still-sensitive, welted skin.  “All without any attention to your cock.”
“You can always make me,” Steve murmured, catching Brock’s mouth with his again, biting down on his bottom lip, curling one hand in his belt loops and the other around his shoulders.
“I know you will,” Steve mumbled, or he thought he did.  He closed his eyes, and his head hurt so badly he thought he might have imagined the pressure of a soft kiss against the top of it before he heard the door swing closed.
Somehow that triggered the thought that there was something he needed to be doing, a sense of urgency, and Steve tried to lift his head again, instinctively pushing down against the heavy weight covering him, tried to roll to one side.  The pain shot through him again, bright and overwhelming and
“Right here, sweetheart.”  Tony sounded breathless, almost as hazy.  He pressed a kiss to Steve’s shoulder, and he felt it go all the way through him again, a warm wash of sensation that swept over him down to his toes.  He petted lightly at Steve’s side, just above his hip, fingers rubbing into his skin again and again, uncoordinated and soft.  Steve sighed and let his eyes slide closed.
“Gingerbread
“I’m going to go a little bit harder,” Steve said.  “That okay?”
Steve swallowed hard, eyes suddenly stinging, feeling utterly overcome by those soft words, the heat of the water, the feeling of Tony’s hands on him, his soft kisses.  Tony pressed another soft kiss to his cheekbone, his jaw, the side of his nose, and then he was washing him, and Steve—he must have just fuzzed out, somehow.  Tony’s hands on him, Tony’s kisses, the way it felt—painful, yes, but painfully, brightly, excoriatingly good, too—as Tony sudsed up his back with soap, dabbing very gently at it with a washcloth, rinsing him thoroughly, back and front, no doubt to get the oil off, very, very gentle around his nipples, though at one point he did thumb gently at one until Steve was crying out, then lean in and close his mouth around it, tonguing and sucking at it until Steve had both hands tangled in Tony’s wet hair and was panting for breaths, then moved away and started washing him down again.  He felt warm, inside and out, and the water was hot, the room steamy.  Tony’s hands were so gentle.  Steve let him wash him down, rinse him off with one of the hand-held sprayers, do the whole thing again, then, when Tony ran his hands, wet with Tony’s shampoo that smelled like sandalwood and limes, up into his hair, he sighed and sank down to his knees the way he’d wanted to do the whole time, swayed forward and let his face rest against Tony’s chest.
“Mission,” he managed to say, finally.
Steve felt himself getting closer and closer—he was sure he’d come before Tony did, he almost always did—but it wasn’t quite enough to tip him over the edge.  Everything felt hot and soft, all through him, his head was a soft, hazy place, and everything felt right and good, every burst of sensation, every swing of the clamps or trickle of sweat, sending him higher, firing in his brain like pleasure, even as his cock ached and throbbed and he gasped with need with every thrust of Tony inside him, every rock of his hips back onto Tony’s cock.  He stayed there what felt like a long time, teetering on the edge, the plateau, and he just couldn’t seem to get there, couldn’t seem to reach the peak—even though Tony was praising him, constantly, and every word of it sent pleasure arcing through Steve’s body like an electric shock, made him feel warm and good and honey sweet and hazy from the inside out; “Good boy,” he said, “God, Steve, so good, you take it so well, so, so well, yeah, that’s it, that’s it, honey, are you feeling it?  Is that good?”
, a little more had escaped.  He’d praised Steve for not touching himself, and it had felt so good, so—so sweet, like he was made out of warmth, like he had stepped into the heady, hazy air of a sauna, warmth and cotton candy all through him, sweet and soft.
“Yes, sir,” Steve said, fervently, feeling—light, light and relaxed and almost like air, like a burden had just melted away from his shoulders, just then, and then Brock’s fingers were inside him again, back on that same spot, rubbing and working and thrusting, and Steve was riding them and gasping as pleasure built and built and built inside him, and then he’d come, face pressed into the blankets and without a single touch to his cock, fists clenched and face wet as he gasped for air.  Up until then, it had been the single best orgasm of his life.
“Gonna taste like me,” Tony said, and winked at him.  “My favorite flavor after yours.”  He slid his arms around Steve’s shoulders and kissed him, deep and sweet and long, tasting himself on Steve’s tongue.  When he finally pulled away, Steve was shivering, his eyes glassy and glazed, hazy with pleasure, and Tony skimmed his fingers gently over his lips, which made Steve shudder against him, breathing unsteadily.  “Tastes great,” Tony said, and Steve smiled.
that.  He got off on it.  He just didn’t know what—what that made them to each other.  Not at all.
“You’re such a good boy,” Tony breathed.  “Just whatever I want, huh, hot stuff?”
“’Course,” Steve said.  “Hell, Tony, I’m sorry I left you hangin’.  Just let me—” —he stopped, because Tony’s hand was pressing gently against his chest, and looked up at him in surprise.
“You like that?” Tony murmured, and it came out breathless, gasping despite himself, but he was supposed that was good, if Steve wanted to see his effect on him, if that was doing it for him.  “You like how I respond to you, big guy?”
it,” Tony corrected, and ran the backs of his fingers along Steve’s cheekbone, back into his hair, where he gripped firmly, steadyingly.  “Wanna shower together, sunshine?”
things like that,” he muttered.
“I won’t tell,” Steve said, with a little bit of a chuckle that hurt, even as faint as it was.
Steve thought that if he weren’t already so hot and flushed he’d be flushing even darker.  It went straight to his cock, curled hot in his belly and made it jump and throb.  “No, sir,” he managed.
“Mmm,” Steve said, and pressed his hot cheek close against Tony’s shoulder, against his warmth.  “Real, real good.”
What was he
So even though Steve had known it was the wrong thing to do, that he shouldn’t be sleeping with a subordinate, part of his team on STRIKE, and certainly not after he’d been drinking (his mouth still tasted of beer), he’d let Rumlow slide his hands down the back of Steve’s jeans, into his back pockets, and squeeze in lewd gropes, let him rock the hot hardness of their erections together through belts and trousers, let him bite bruising marks down the slope of his neck and mourn aloud that they were already healing, running his thumb over them, over Steve’s slick, gasping mouth.
“My quick learner,” Tony said, with a sighing smile, still petting one side of Steve’s face.  “That was
“It’s true,” Natasha said. “A grudge isn’t like you.”
“Are you ready for me to get started?” he asked.  His own dick was already aching, rubbing against his briefs.  He could feel the wet spot where the head was leaking precome already.  This always turned him on, even as it made him worry, take deep breaths to try to prepare himself, ready himself, be the best he could be for Tony, all that the same time.
—“Good little fucksleeve, ain’tcha?”  His hand came up, rubbed loosely over Steve’s face, thumb tugging at his lips, and then fell to his belly.  He tugged the blankets up over them when Steve was still blinking, trying to process what had happened.  And with that, he was asleep, still in Steve’s body.
Tony’s fingers slid down over the bottom of Steve’s pec again, teasing gently where he was already sensitive, and then he squeezed, hard, hard enough that Steve could feel himself bruising under his thumb, his fingers, and he was so close, he nearly came, he saw stars, but—but it wasn’t quite enough, not quite enough.  He could feel his dick throbbing, aching, he was straining, so damn close, and he made a helpless noise, pitiful in his own ears, twisted against Tony, jerked his hips despite himself, despite how badly he wanted to be good, felt his fingers clenching in Tony’s soft dark hair and panted against his jaw, soft breath and messy wet from his mouth hanging open, gave a whine through his nose that sounded high-pitched and desperate even to him.  Tony squeezed again, and oh, oh, if he could only come from that—
“Get into bed and I’ll do it as long as you want,” Steve promised, and kissed him again.
Tony was still talking to him as he led him out of the shower, and Steve just let it wash over him.  It was all praise, sweet wonderful things about how well Steve had done, how good he was—how good he was at holding still, every little thing he did, and all of it made him feel so good, made inexpressible fondness and warmth well up within him for Tony at the same time.  He knew he was smiling at him, probably stupidly, dopey, as he rested his hands on Tony’s shoulders and Tony dried him off with one of his big, huge, soft as anything fluffy white towels, gentle, so gentle, over his back and his buttocks, before he had him lie down on it, spread out over the floor.  The floor of Tony’s bathroom was heated, so Steve lay down on the towel willingly and let himself just enjoy it, the warmth of the floor under him, the pleasure of being prone, the pricking throb of his pecs against the towel, the gentle way Tony cleaned the welts on his shoulders and back and spread ointment over them.  He would have put gauze, too, and taped them up, like a battle wound, but Steve laid a hand on his wrist, smiled up at him and shook his head, and Tony just grinned ruefully and put the gauze away again.
But then he could see Tony, and that made it worth it.  He usually tried to keep his feelings to himself, to keep from making them obvious, tried not to show them, because he was sure Tony didn’t feel the same, but he couldn’t help his breath from catching in his throat just at the sight of Tony sitting there in some battered old chair he’d pulled up beside Steve’s hospital bed.  He had his head resting on one hand, elbow propped on the wobbly arm of the chair as he tapped at a tablet he had resting there, too, his fingers pushed into his hair, mussing it so it curled around them, tousled wildly and falling over his forehead like he’d been running his hands through it a lot.  Tony was, he noticed with some surprise, wearing a Captain America t-shirt and an old, torn pair of jeans.  He was as handsome as always—Steve always loved seeing him like this, less than put together, casual.  It always made him feel like he got to see the real Tony, behind the flash and glamour.  Steve felt something inside him go warm, something that had been knotted tightly relax, and he let out a sigh as he let himself relax into the bed.  If Tony was there, he could relax.  Tony wouldn’t be lounging there like that if they’d been captured or anything else had gone terribly wrong.
“Hell, Tony, of course it did,” Steve said, sounding gruff and annoyed and adorably flustered.
.  He could kick through a stone wall with one foot, braced properly, but he felt weak and stumbling and clumsy as Brock slid his fingers through Steve’s belt loops and pulled him in against his chest, toward him, and toward his bed.
The kiss went on for quite a while after that—Steve didn’t really know how long, just that he got his hands under Tony’s sweater and Tony put his mug down and started running his hands into Steve’s hair, all over his neck, up and down his shoulders and his chest, kissing him deep and slow, and by the time they stopped and rested their foreheads together, panting, Steve’s mouth was stinging and swollen and beautifully sore, and Tony’s looked wet and swollen, and Tony shuddered and groaned and threw back his head and laughed breathlessly when Steve leaned forward and dragged his tongue over that shining wetness on Tony’s bottom lip, swirling it to the side and over, one last time.  Steve smiled and thumbed at those puffy lips, wondering if they were as tender as his felt, and Tony shuddered for him.  Steve stroked his hand down his neck and smiled at him again.  “God, you kiss like a million bucks,” he said.
“Are you kidding?” Steve breathed, fingers dipping down and running over the delicate lace as he looked up to the mirror again, watching it.  “I
“No, no, that’s high praise,” Steve said.  “I’m honored.  Stick out your tongue, mister.”
.  “The fight’s practically over anyway,” he said.  “Thor and Shulkie are just mopping up now.  With Carol’s help.  Looks like they’re having plenty of fun.”
Steve was very flushed, and he smiled, ruefully, sheepishly, shaking his head, and Tony just reached down, stroked his cheek, his jaw, cupped his hand against it, figuring that, well, though he was certain Steve had always been handsome, he hadn’t been born with the extravagant beauty of the body he had now, and maybe that made him feel awkward when Tony praised it.
Steve took a deep breath, felt a moment of indecision, but then remembered how seriously Tony took being able to make Steve come, being able to give him pleasure, and directly, with his hands or mouth or thighs or deep inside his body, how much it could upset him, especially when he was down, if Steve didn’t let him.
“C’mere, mister,” he said, and pulled Tony a little closer, on top of him, between his legs.  “We’re due some cuddling time, I think.”
Brock’s rough fingers pinched his sore, stinging buttock a moment later, and Steve quieted his gasp.  “Sweet, sweet sub,” he muttered.  “You’d make some soft asshole the sweetest service sub on the planet.  Well.  Anyway, sweet little sub.  Service slut.”  Another rough, almost cruel little rub into Steve’s soft hole, where he was wet and messy with spunk, deeper, against that spot that always felt so good, that made Steve swallow back a cry and clutch harder at the coverlet.  “Got to fill up this,” he gave a harsh tug, “needy,” another tug, “sloppy,” another, until Steve bit down on his hand, “hole.”
It took a strange, herculean effort to push his eyes open.  Tony’s face was there—wow, was it really him, really Tony? But it looked like him, his beard was neater than ever—the faceplate open, and an entire world of concern there in his eyes.  He had one gauntlet off, because his bare thumb was still resting on Steve’s neck, tucked under the protective band around his neck to rest warm where his pulse beat.  Steve felt like he could feel it in his heart.  “Lookin’ sharp,” he said, or tried to say, because Tony was, he looked
Finally Steve surged forward, squeezing at Tony’s cock through his garter belt, and grabbed hard onto the mirror himself, bit down on Tony’s shoulder, the meat of it, and gave a low, stuttering cry as he thrust hard between Tony’s thighs one last time and it spattered all over the front of the mirror.  Tony moaned at the sight, watching it hit the mirror and run down it, over the image of his own body, shivering under Steve’s warm strength as Steve groaned, bit and sucked at the bite on his shoulder, breath hot on his skin, still rubbing at Tony’s cock until it felt so—so hot and needy and tight and desperate, itching for something to really thrust against and aching trapped tight against his belly, and God, it was such a turn-on, the way he felt helpless and trapped and Steve’s big warm hand felt so good, and Steve was huffing and panting and whining as he thrust between Tony’s legs, riding out his orgasm, painting the mirror with his come, nuzzling and sucking at Tony’s throbbing skin where he’d bitten him like he wanted to bite a big obnoxious mark there, like his initials or something.  Tony’s hands were sweaty and trembling on the mirror and he couldn’t seem to do anything but push himself back against Steve’s slowing thrusts, riding against his cock with his thighs squeezed tight, and roll his hips forward against Steve’s warm hand where he was rubbing at him, the image of his hand rubbing under Tony’s little skirt insanely hot, insanely lewd, in the come spattering the mirror.
They were harsh, tight ones, with tips ending in balls on each side, and Tony tugged his nipple out, twisted until Steve was whining as he panted, groaning, his dick jerking and leaking at the painful pressure, and clamped it on so the balls dug into his areola, deep into the meat of his tit muscle, pushed out the tight peak.  He moaned, gasping, and Tony rubbed the nub of his nipple, back and forth with his fingers, made it prickle, made Steve’s dick jerk at the sudden burst of sensation, of pleasure-pain, as the soreness tightened and deepened in his tit, around his nipple, until it was tight and prickling and felt so hot, so alive and sensitized to every sensation . . . .
“Good, good, ‘s so good, honey,” Tony mumbled, quick and breathless.  “Felt really, really nice."
Tony felt himself laugh, delighted by the gruff, grudging way Steve had given him that compliment.  “Why thank you, darling,” he said.  “I could say the same about you, gorgeous.”
“Mmm,” Steve hummed.  “I like that one.  Like the idea of, of.”  He flushed and ducked his head down, into Tony’s hands.  “Of pleasuring you,” he whispered.  “Of making you feel good, serving you, until you’re, you're . . . satisfied. Relaxed.”
Tony was shifting over the bed again, pushing his chest down into the firm but fluffy pillow that lay under his torso and up under his head, twisting his bound hands in their soft leather cuffs above him, pushing them down against the covers, the mattress, breath coming soft and fast and low in his chest.  Steve set down the flogger he’d been considering, stepped forward, around the end of the bed, to lay a hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeeze, stroked down over his back, feeling the warmth of Tony’s skin, the goosepimples that were sweeping down along his shoulders and back, over his spine.  He stroked his back again, felt the cold sweat starting to gather at the dip of his spine, scratched his nails lightly, gently, teasingly, over Tony’s shoulders, down along his back, and felt Tony shiver under him, blow his breath out softly, saw his muscles starting to relax in his shoulders, so that was good.  “You doin’ all right, fella?” Steve asked.  “We don’t have to, you know.  If you don’t want.”
“Just let me repeat,” he said.  “It was plenty good before, my dear.”
Tony dragged in a quick, hard, shaky breath, pressed his face against Steve’s back, between his shoulder blades, so that his forehead pushed into the muscle between Steve’s shoulders as he gasped unsteadily, then his hands came up and both arms squeezed around Steve’s chest in a kind of hug.  “Just glad I can do you justice,” he said, and it came out breathless and scratchy.
Hell, he hadn’t even had sex until the 21
“Nothing so pressing I can’t stick around,” Tony said, which was probably a lie, but Steve let himself believe it.
“You always make me feel good,” Tony murmured, because it was true, though he knew what Steve meant.  Sometimes what you wanted was to lavish your partner with attention, concentrate on them, their reactions, rather than on yourself, and the satisfaction of pleasing them was more than enough.
It was one of Brock’s favorite things, to have Steve on his knees in his bed, face down and rear end up, naked, as he idly toyed with his own belt and just watched him.  This time he made Steve spread his cheeks apart, tease at his own hole with a dry finger, and Steve just—just sucked in his breath and
Steve nodded, or tried to.  His head hurt.  He swallowed, took a breath.  “S’—” no, that was too much trouble to say.  “Yeah,” he finished.  He’d had to set it, before he could try and walk on it, gritting his teeth and bracing himself against a nearby tree trunk.
“You’ve barely started,” Tony mumbled softly, and Steve thought he might have been smiling. “Yeah, ‘m fine.”
Tony smiled, a different smile, though still oblique, a little hard to pin down.  But this one was softer, seemed more real, even as crooked as it was.  “Maybe not,” he said.  “I mean, it’s possible.  I’m not ruling it out.  But I have this feeling that you’d stand out anyway.”
“I know,” Steve said, and stroked it gently.
He tried to say something—something about how Tony could chew him out for being stupid for not seeing it coming, but not for being reckless, because he hadn’t been reckless at all, and he could show Tony reckless if Tony wanted, but he couldn’t hear the words coming out of his own mouth and that left him not sure if he had actually said them or not.
Tony felt himself turn even hotter.  Okay, so maybe Steve was right about that.  Tony liked to be … clean, inside, when they did this, and this time, well, it had seemed fitting that he make extra sure.  So yeah, he’d spent a lot of time on it.  “Okay,” he said, and it came out all breathy and soft, “sure, I, yeah, I did do that, but.”
“Um,” Steve managed. “Of what?”
“S’not so pretty,” he said.
Tony huffed.  “That’s more like it,” he said.  “Don’t worry me like that, Winghead, you hear?”
It didn’t seem to be—Steve was moving with him, rocking his head back and forth over Tony’s cock like he’d been doing this for years.  Tony had known he’d pick it up quickly, he thought again, the quick thought feeling like all he could spare, his mind scattered, jumbled, by pleasure.  “So good, darling,” Tony heard himself groan.  “So good for me.  That feels so good.  You’re doing so beautifully.  It’s so perfect.”
Tony hugged Steve tighter to his own body.  “It’s a new one on me, too, big fella,” he murmured, and kissed the hot curve of Steve’s ear.  “You’re a new one on me.”
It only lasted a moment, though, a split second, and then he was left bereft and moaning again, missing the touch, the friction, the pleasure and heat of it—but then Tony’s fingers skimmed back and touched his still-sensitive rim, callused fingers gentle and wet against his hole, and oh,
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured.  That felt really good.  He . . . felt really good.  It was nice to lie here like this, warm like this.  His injuries throbbed dully, but it was a low-grade background sort of pain, easy enough to ignore with all the practice he’d had.  Tony’s hand stroking through his hair seemed much more immediate, much more vivid and important.
Tony panted.  He wanted to say yeah, Steve, he could tell that, thank you very much, but he couldn’t seem to find the mental or physical coordination.  Taking Steve was always just so—overwhelming.  He was so big, and Tony swore he barely fit inside him, spreading him apart the way he did, until Tony was left trembling, gasping, barely able to stand the overwhelming heat and just, just
The pleasure swept over him and just washed him away.  It was like a white-out.  Steve Rogers didn’t even exist for a few seconds in there, just pleasure.  Pleasure and that beautiful peak that crashed over him like ice breaking away, like coming into the sunlight, like opening his eyes, and Tony was still fucking into him, Steve’s body rocking with each thrust, his head was lolling against the bed, mouth open and wet in the covers, and oh, oh.  His cock was jerking.  He was still coming.  Steve floated away on it again.  There was so much pleasure.  It was so good.  He was coming all over his chest and belly and the bed; he was a mess.  He didn’t care.  That just made it even better.
“Well,” Steve said fervently, “it worked.”  He smoothed his hands down Tony’s sides, then Tony helped him unfasten the garter belt, leaned back into Steve and let him work his panties down over his stockings, off over his feet.  Steve stroked Tony’s cock idly as he worked them down, making Tony shiver in his arms, then lifted his feet gently, pulled them off.  He ran his thumb over them, as if appreciating their softness, before setting them aside, then returned to Tony’s legs, rolling down his stockings gently and tugging them carefully off his feet.
“Sorry, sweetcheeks, but I thought you were with someone, too,” Brock said, and Steve flushed, because he still didn’t know what was between the two of them, Brock and him.  Brock stepped forward, ran a finger along the inside of Steve’s collar, and he took a shuddering breath.  He was about to ask if Brock would say they were together; it was right on the tip of his tongue, he could taste it on his breath.
Tony was clearly feeling good with this one, soft and loose and lost in it, so Steve kept it up for a while, sliding the tails down Tony’s back again, then back up over his rump, then starting in there, too, bringing more of that deep, rosy flush up the surface, down over his thighs, then back up.  There was no rush, and if Tony was feeling good, Steve wanted to prolong that as long as possible.  A lot of people would have been constrained by their arm getting tired, but that was something the serum had done for him, at least.  He wouldn’t be having that problem.  And it was easy for him to calculate the power behind his blows, pull them just enough that he could keep going at this soft, even pace without making Tony’s skin start to really burn just from force or friction.  Tony started to twist his hips, panting, rub himself forward against the blankets, after a while, and Steve smiled, let the soft tails slither softly, intimately, between Tony’s legs for a moment, with no force behind it, just to make him shudder and gasp, grip tightly at the blankets above his head, buck his hips up and down, his rump back, before he twirled the tails up again and hit them solidly against the center of Tony’s rear cheek, made him gasp and moan out low and deep again.
“I know,” Tony said.  “Jarvis outdoes himself every year, somehow, doesn’t he?”  He hefted the large cookie in his hand.  “Mind if I have a bite, too?”
,” Tony said.  “I wanted it to feel good.  Feel
“C’mon, princess, don’t be a pussy, I didn’t tell you to stop,” Brock said, and so Steve kept working his finger in deeper, shutting his eyes against the dry burn, sucking grit off his lips and tongue, even as Brock started to beat him with his belt in earnest.  The pain built, grew bright and brighter, stinging and hot, throbbing all through his hand, up and down his wrist, across his rear cheeks.  When Brock finally told him he could stop, opened the belt, Steve dropped his hand, almost in shock at how badly it was throbbing, how little it wanted to hold him up.  He curled his fingers into the covers.
“Yeah,” Steve breathed, “I can tell, sweetheart.”  He rolled Tony’s wet, sticky cockhead between his first two fingers, tugging at it gently, then getting his thumb up, rubbing it into the slit.  “You’re all sticky and wet for me, aren’t you?  Hard as a rock from how much you’re liking this.  How much you like having me work you over.”
“We both need to clean up, I think,” Tony mumbled.
“I can take it,” Steve said, and finished the bacon before he stepped into the shower.
Steve laughed.  “Of course there is,” he said.  “I know I’m good.  But having an inflated sense of my own abilities isn’t going to get me further with my skating, is it?”
“The white knight,” Natasha said, her lips curving into a smile.  Steve felt himself flush.
“No, I,” Tony said quickly, his voice a little shaky and quick, “I want to.  I want to, honey.”  He pushed his hands down, got his head up, looked up at Steve.  “I want to,” he said again, and there was a pleading tone in his voice, shaking a little, not quite like he was begging, but close, like he was scared Steve might back out, but, probably, didn’t want to be too obvious about how much he was wanting it.
Steve moaned around him, and his lashes fluttered closed.  He sucked a little bit harder, his tongue swirling around the head of Tony’s cock with increased determination, and his hand sped up on his own cock.
It didn’t take all that much more time before Steve was coming, pulsing and hot and throbbing inside of Tony’s hole, filling him up with more wet heat.  He jerked his hips back and forth, rode out his orgasm, making Tony moan and shiver at the sensations that filled him, and then they just lay there, together. Steve didn’t move to pull out, and Tony still against him, just relishing the ache, the weight, of the metal around his cock, his tight, needy balls, the quiet ache and pleasure thrumming through his entire body, soft and low.  It felt even better as Steve rubbed the back of his neck, down over his shoulders, his back, slowly stroking him with both hands, tilting his head down, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead, kneading at his ass with one hand as he stroked him, big warm hands sliding over his entire body, like they were luxuriating in Tony’s skin.  “Mmm,” Steve said.  “So good. You feel so good inside.  So velvety and hot and tight, your tight little rear clamps down on me so perfect.”
“Yeah,” he breathed.
Sure there wasn’t. Steve sighed, let his head rest more solidly on Tony’s shoulder anyway.  It felt … good, to lie here like this.  They were tucked up in bed, and he was wearing a soft t-shirt, lounge pants.  Tony was dressed similarly.  Steve didn’t really remember changing his clothes or getting into bed, falling asleep, just the relief of putting his arms around Tony, resting his head on his shoulder.  He must have been really out of it.
Tony wasn’t sure how long it was until Steve stopped, drew back, just that he felt like he was dripping by the time he finally did, and he felt like he had licked up all the come, even down along the frame, and was just holding onto the mirror by then, trying to stay still for Steve.  Steve drew back, blew soft air over his hole, and Tony could hear him wiping his mouth, wetly, before two lube slick fingers slid deep into him again, and he jerked, gave a soft cry at the sudden sensation, the openness and quick easy slide of them, the pressure against his loosening inner walls, panting.  “Oh, yeah,” Steve said, and rocked his fingers gently, curving them, making Tony moan, “that’s it.  I think you’re nice and relaxed now, huh?”  Tony just gasped, blinking, tried to think.  “You feel relaxed?” Steve asked, softly, crooking his fingers, making Tony writhe, push back against them instinctively, seeking that pressure on his prostate again, the way it lit his world up with pleasure. “Shh, I’ve gotcha,” Steve murmured then, and his fingers curled, rubbed against it gently, stroking Tony inside the same way he was stroking him gently along his cock, until Tony was writhing, sweating, losing himself in pleasure for long moments.  “Does that feel good?” Steve murmured.  “There, just—just feel, for me, that’s so beautiful, Tony.”  He leaned forward, pressed kisses over Tony’s sensitive shoulders, along the bite he’d left there earlier, over skin that something felt very sensitized now and tingled at the slightest touch, both underneath the lacy lingerie and along his bare skin, making him shiver and writhe. Tony had no idea how long Steve spent touching him like that, but it felt like a long time.  “How would you feel about having me inside you?” Steve murmured, after a moment, gently letting his hand fall away from Tony’s cock, but not moving his fingers away from Tony’s prostate, still gently stroking, massaging, there, sending low waves of pleasure rolling through Tony’s entire body.
Brock’s belt snapped across his rump, across his hand, a moment later, and the pain of it bloomed in Steve’s palm, up his wrist, over his rear.  He heard himself gasp.
And then Steve was kissing him, and Tony forgot all about everything else except kissing back. When he pulled away, Tony felt dizzy and soft, breathing heavily, and Steve looked almost as dazed, but he still wiped Tony’s makeup off his face, washed it gently with a wash cloth after, rubbed the rouge off Tony’s nipples in a slow, gently massage that left him gasping, then stroked his hands up into Tony’s hair and rubbed, gently.  “You’re a lot more comfortable with this than you were,” he said, smiling, as Tony groaned, let himself lean into Steve’s firm touch.
, with a vengeance, even as it made something inside him go soft and hot all over again, his mind relax into that strange slow, hot space it got when he was like this.
“I was just worried that—” well, that he’d been horrified, and had been reconsidering this whole
“Mind if I use your shower?” he asked, and the words came out of him slower, softer than he’d been expecting.  His mind still felt soft, dazed and hazy and permeable.
“No one needs you to go into another deep freeze, Captain Courageous,” Tony said, and Steve thought
“Okay?” he murmured, kissing Tony’s temple again, his forehead.
“Sure,” Brock said, and bit at his bottom lip.  “You know how to make my eggs just right.  Now get in that shower.  You messy boy.”
Steve whimpered, gasped out hard around Tony’s cock, and then he was coming, coming with a stifled, strangled cry that could have been Tony’s name, but could also have been anything really, spattering the bed, his chest and his belly, all the way up to his chin.  He always came a lot, a whole lot, and this time was no exception.  Tony watched with dazed awe and pleasure as Steve kept rubbing himself through it, writhing against the bed as he came and came and came, covering his own hand with it, his strong forearm as the pearly droplets slid down over his hard muscle and clung to the hairs on his arm, slipped down the inner skin to his elbow and pooled there.  Steve’s legs were shaking, those sturdy thighs the size of tree trunks and muscular calves trembling like a badly engineered bridge, and finally they gave out and his knees fell together, to one side, pressing his thighs together as he whimpered around Tony’s cock, still pulling at his own dick as he shivered and drooled wet and messy around Tony and shook through his orgasm, panting.
, and nothing else.  Tony kissed the back of his neck, and it was like someone had set off little fireworks all through Steve.  He felt so warm.
“God, you’re so good,” Tony moaned, mouth hot and wet against Steve’s spine.  “So, so good, sugar, yeah, God, you’re sweet, those inner muscles, the way you clench up on my cock, God, the way you work me, damn, peak human is right, but no, I bet it’s just you, isn’t it, Steve, you’d clench up on me, work me like that, no matter what, serum or no serum, wouldn’t you, you’d work as hard as you could to do it, because you just want to make me feel good that badly, huh, sweetie-pie, huh, peaches?”
His hand was big and warm and covered more than half Tony’s cock, and Tony bit his lip, let himself moan, moan and let his head tip back against the pillows.  Steve rubbed his thumb along the underside of his shaft, and Tony shivered.  His own breath sounded loud in his ears.  After a moment, when not much else happened, he lifted his head again.  Steve looked like he was concentrating, a wrinkle between his brows, his forehead creased.  Tony propped himself on the bed, reached down and ran his fingers over that crease on Steve’s brow, back up into his hair.
“Yeah,” he rasped out.
.  “I,” he managed after a moment, vividly aware of how his chest was heaving, how it made his rounded pectorals, red and hot all over, jump under Tony’s hands like his tits were bouncing, “I, yeah?  What—whatever you want, Tony.”
But that was Tony for you, so Steve had just kissed him, warm and deep and lingering enough to make it last, to make Tony melt into his arms and press his body into his and for both of them to start to get hot, hot enough that Tony pushed him away with a laugh, caressed his face, and said, “Go on, get out of here before I forget all about having work to do.”  Steve had gone in for one more quick kiss, lingering wet over Tony’s lips and grinning all the while, raised his hands in surrender as Tony took a mock swing at his arm, then grabbed his face in both hands and kissed him one more time.  Tony had swatted his rear as he went and made Steve feel even warmer.
.  It always made him dizzy when Steve did that.  Just a little.  Even now, when Steve did it practically every day, all the time.  And then Steve bent down again, and he nuzzled at Tony’s thigh, pressed little kisses along it, and Tony couldn’t help the tight, high-pitched noise that wrung out of him, as Steve’s wet mouth traveled down the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.  “Plus,” Steve said, barely a mumble now.  “I like it.  Like the taste of you.  The feel of you.  Like it when you—when you—fill me up, just like you said.”
“Tony,” Steve gasped.  He squeezed his eyes shut, and another overwhelmed tear escaped, ran down the edge of his cheek, so hot the tear almost felt cold, as Tony kept teasing his cockhead, playing with it, rubbing his fingertips over the hot, sore, sensitized head, smearing his wetness all over it.  “Tony, p-please.”  The touch of Tony’s fingers to his sore, raw cock was so different from the touch of Tony’s foot, and it was the first time Tony had touched his cock with his hand what felt like
“I know, peaches,” Tony said, voice low and gravelly, and his lips pressed a gentle kiss against the spot behind Steve’s ear.  “I know.  Lie down; I’ll be with you in another second.”
And then Brock backhanded him across the face.  It hurt, of course it hurt, a hot bright sting across his face, and Steve thought it might have split his lip, it felt so hot.  Brock grabbed his chin, forced his head up again, rubbing his thumb in against the sting until Steve could feel it bruising.  “I don’t want you thinking about Stark,” he ground, and it was gritty, like gravel over a wound.  “I want you thinking about me.”
“Okay,” Tony whispered, and did, he obeyed, just went loose all through his muscles, his body, soft and relaxed.  He wasn’t sure if it was because it was what Steve had told him to do, and he felt so—so obedient, sweet and soft and wanting, like this, or because of the wonderful way Steve was rubbing his back, or just that he was already tired and felt so floaty, but he felt himself relaxing, the tightness just ebbing out of him as Steve spread his legs for him gently, hands on his thighs, pushed Tony’s knees up along his sides, then gently, slowly took over thrusting, rolling up easy and deep into Tony’s body, all soft, slow, deep pleasure that settled in his gut, made his caged cock ache, but more than that, too, spread through Tony’s whole body.  Tony let his eyes closed, just let himself lie there against Steve, his hands loose against his shoulders, draped one arm around the back of Steve’s shoulders and hugged tight and just let himself feel it, Steve deep inside him, his heavy weight, each deep, easy thrust, the pleasure it sent rubbing, dancing along his prostate, warm in his body.  Steve was stroking the back of his neck with one hand now, squeezing, massaging, and it felt so good, it felt perfect, made Tony twist his hips and rub his caged cock up against Steve again, not chasing anything, just feeling it, reveling in it, the deep thrusting pressure of Steve’s cock inside him.
swallowing,” he said bluntly.  “But not everyone does.  If you want to spit, spit.  I’m going to have the sheets laundered anyway.”
“Yeah, well,” he gasped out.
“God, it was years ago,” Tony said.  “For it to be a walk in the park, I’m sure.  I was an insufferably arrogant teenager.  The reality was quite different.  I ended up with come up my nose and a sore jaw.”  He winked at Steve.  “And look at me now, darling.”
He heard Tony’s breath stutter in his throat, heard him swallow, and then he murmured, softly, thumbs drawing soft, tender little circles on Steve’s sensitive, stinging tits, over the warm curves of his pecs, “Yeah, good boy, gorgeous guy, so sweet, you’re so sweet for me, Steve, honey.  Such a—such a good boy for me, aren’t you, handsome?”
“Just as long as you know,” Tony said, softly, sounding a little unsteady, his fingers curling gently in Steve’s hair, tugging just a little.
They kissed, breathless and soft, and then Steve pulled away, stroked his jaw some more.  “I want you to do something for me,” he said, and Tony nodded.
“Like the stockings?” he asked, and it came out husky and low.
Tony pressed lightly, and Steve felt dizzy, barely recognized the high whine that came out of his mouth.  It struck him that this was the most attention Tony had paid to his cock this entire time, ever since Steve had first gotten undressed, and his cock throbbed desperately as a heavy, needy noise escaped him quick on the heels of the first one.
He could
, because he did the same thing again, stroking and tugging gently at Tony’s balls all the while, and oh, there was no way Tony was going to last.  Steve’s mouth was wet and so, so hot, and his hand was warm on Tony’s cock, on his balls, his breath turning the place between Tony’s thighs humid and damp and hot, and everything felt so good.  Tony knew he was babbling, but he had no idea what he said, other than a vague concept that it had all been praise for Steve, how good he felt and how perfect he was, because that was the only thing he was thinking about, the only thought in his head other than the pleasure of it all, how
Tony reached out, picked up his lipstick again, twisted it open, looking up at Steve through his thickly lacquered eyelashes as he did, then applied another thick coat over his already ruby-red lips, purposefully over-applying, then pressed them together the way he’d seen a girlfriend do it a thousand times and closed the lipstick, putting it back on the table on the other side of the mirror.  Steve was watching him, breathless, his mouth hanging open, and Tony could
Tony smiled and touched his mug to Steve’s.  “To you, and me, buster,” he said.  “And
“No, I—” Tony blew his breath out, trembled under Steve’s hands.  “I want that.  The, the, the strap. Please. I.  I do want it. Honey.”
“Stop that,” Steve said.  “I’m gonna eat cookies with my sweetheart right now.”
Steve nodded shakily.  Tony’s fingers stroked through his hair again, then gripped it firmly, pulling tight as he rocked back up to his feet, tugging Steve’s head back just a touch until he was looking dizzily up at Tony again.  Just being put in that position made heat swoop in Steve’s belly and pull tight, made his cock jerk and throb.  Tony pulled his head back a little more, braced himself with both arms on Steve’s raw, tender shoulders, sending a shivery burst of sensation all the way down Steve’s spine to his cock, making him gasp.  Tony was grinning down at him, bit his bottom lip, then licked at it in a movement that set even more heat twining in Steve’s belly, then, before Steve could even so much as think about what he might be about to do next, he slid his beautiful dress shoe—black Oxfords, calfskin leather that felt cool against Steve’s skin—up along the inside of his thigh, pressed it under Steve’s cock and tilted it up until the sole was resting against the base of him, against his balls, and Steve was panting, gasping just at the sensation, the promise in it, the heat that had prickling at the back of his neck, in his stomach, in his balls and cock themselves.  Sweat trickled down the side of his face, he could feel it, down the back of his neck.
himself bruise, then pushed Steve back, put one hand on his chin and tilted his head back until his back was arching, presenting his sore, throbbing
“Damn, I wonder if you could get off like this,” Tony murmured.  “Yeah, that’s it, sweetheart,” he added, as Steve practically sobbed out a breath, pushed back into his glorious, painfully squeezing hand.  “Just me massaging and pinching your pretty, marked up ass.  Here, lean on me,
, and he flinched away, yelped despite himself.  He wouldn’t have done it if he could have helped it, but it wasn’t all bad, because then Tony’s other hand was stroking his jaw, petting his face, gentle, soothing touches, like he needed them.  And that was
Steve managed to raise a hand, wobbled it back and forth.  He had a feeling he was smiling in an unforgivably dopey way.  “S’okay for now,” he said.  “Under control, Iron Man.”  He reached out, patted the shining metal arm of the armor clumsily.  “Good to see you,” he managed to say, and had to blink.  His eyes felt very, very heavy.  He was so tired.  But it was, it was
“Oh, yeah,” Tony said, breathlessly.  “You are, huh?  You’re getting so hard from this.”  He blinked through the haziness of the pleasure, the starry dazzle of pleasure over his eyes, and glanced down toward Steve’s dick, where he was sprawled out over the bed, saw the impressive erection tenting his soft workout pants.  “Look at you, huh?  So damn big, slugger, filling up your pants up so well, straining at the seams.  That’s all for me, just from sucking my cock.  Look at that.  So big, so needy, so hard.  So hard, aren’t you?  You could pound nails with that thing, just from sucking me off.  From sucking my cock.  You like it, don’t you?  Like sucking my cock like this.”  Steve moaned through his nose, panting, and his eyes slid closed.  He let go of Tony’s cock, just long enough to slide his hand down and palm his own dick.  Steve’s big hand made his bigger cock look even more obscenely gigantic as he cupped it, shaped it through the soft fabric, made the rigid length of it even more obvious against it.  “Oh, yeah,” Tony murmured, his voice going soft and gentle, somehow, as he gripped Steve’s hair, rocked his cock gently between his lips, into his mouth, watching as Steve’s saliva spilled over, trailed down one side of his jaw, as he drooled messily around him, his eyes closed as if in bliss.  “You do love that, look at you.  You feeling good, handsome?”
Steve gave a little humming noise of acknowledgment, tugged gently at Tony’s cock with his hand, stroking as he sucked on his tip, wet and messy, slid his tongue over the head again, letting his tongue go sloppy and wet and warm before he sucked again, then slid his tongue up against the slit, just like Tony had suggested.  And oh, God, that felt so good, the way he lapped at him, fucked at him gently with his tongue, then slid his tongue up over the top, once, twice, then swirled it around, lapped at the underside, playing his tongue right where Tony was most sensitive, until Tony was really whimpering, thighs flexing helplessly as he tossed his head back against the pillows.
“I had things to do,” Steve said, and swallowed.  His mouth already felt dry with anticipation, and he knew he was red in the face, flushed, already, with the awareness of how his erection was tenting his slacks.
, so gorgeous.  Next time you’re away I’m going to think about this while I bring myself off, I swear.”
to him, and they pressed into that place inside that always had Steve seeing stars, once, twice, three times, and Tony was pressing kisses along his neck again, along his jaw, warm and wet, and the pleasure—from his sore nipple, from the way Tony would flick the weight on the other one, set it swinging until Steve was gasping, then go back to tugging on his nipple, his fingers rubbing and rubbing and rubbing against Steve’s sweet spot inside and the pleasure that flared and spread inside him with every knowing rub of Tony’s fingers, spiraling high and tight until he hardly remembered how to breathe, and without even really realizing it he was spreading his hand out wide in Tony’s hair, against the back of his head, hand loose and fingers messy in his soft curls where they twined around them even as his face lolled against Tony’s neck, half shaking his head just out of pure overwhelmed pleasure, the messy smearing of his mouth against Tony’s skin, his throat, the pounding of his pulse under his skin.  He was gone, lost in it, in another moment, the only things that felt real to him the heat of his skin, the solidity of Tony under him, his warmth and the smell of his cologne, the scratch of his stubble, the ache of the clamps persistent on Steve’s sore, aching tits and the constantly circling rub of fingers deep inside coaxing the pleasure inside him higher and higher and higher, around and around, over and over.  He lost track of time completely, couldn’t have said how long it had been, how long he spent there, shaking against Tony, caught up in that high bright spiral of sensation.  Tony was murmuring, low and hot and probably wonderful, but he couldn’t have understood it for the life of him.  He was shaking apart.
Would Tony mark his chest, his shoulders, like he’d done his back?  Did—did this mean his cock?  More abuse to his cock?  Or did Tony have something else in mind?  Steve’s sore cock jumped, jerking, aching, and he heard the splatter of more of his precome against the floor.  He breathed heavily, excitedly, into Tony’s stomach, shut his eyes against the anticipation.  He felt so soft and slow and floaty, but the anticipation was new and hot, jumping inside him like lightning, like fire.  He knew Tony would probably focus on his—he liked his—his sensitive nipples, the size of him, his—
Tony’s hands slid down a moment later, curled around Steve’s knees, then pressed them out wide, looping his legs loosely over Tony’s own, spreading them apart and exposing him in a new way, splaying him out, his hands rubbing up and down Steve’s inner thighs again, as if to expose his hot, hard, aching cock to the room at large.  Steve caught his breath on a moan.  He was suddenly very aware, not just of his cock, but of his hole again, aware of how Tony had worked him open and to orgasm on his fingers earlier, how he was still tender there and smeared and wet with lingering lube.  By the time Tony’s fingers came back up to tug on the weighted clamps on his nipples again, to massage Steve’s tingling chest muscles, he was shivering all over already.  He wondered if Tony would make him come again.  Sometimes Steve felt a little guilty over how eager he got to come, how much he loved it, when Tony could put his own orgasms off for hours and not even seem to mind—hell, Tony
,” Steve said, laughing, but he caught his face in his hands, and kissed him deep and slow, until Tony was arching back into the pillows and gasping, his eyes falling closed and Steve’s hands in his hair.
, and Tony had, had
Tony kept at it for a—a long time.  Steve wasn’t sure how long.  His sense of time had completely dissolved, washed away by pleasure and pain and the constant wonder of Tony’s hands on him, Tony’s hands on his chest, his pecs, teasing at his skin, at his nipples, pulling on the weights until Steve was gasping and his face felt sweaty and wet.  Tony even reached up after a while, playing with perfect, insistent, pleasure with his fingertips at Steve’s nipple, setting the clamp, the weight, swinging with his other hand, and pressed the backs of his fingers to Steve’s cheek, rubbed where his skin felt sweaty and damp, wet, then turned his hand over and stroked it there gently.  “Shh, big fella,” Tony murmured, soft and warm and low and soothing in his ear, and Steve was too far gone to even speak, just gasping against him, squirming, breathless, “shh, sweetheart.”  He pinched at Steve’s almost numb nipple, and Steve gasped, arched back against him, couldn’t help it, and then Tony slapped at his tit again and Steve almost came all over again.  He could feel the way his toes clenched tight in the covers of the bed, the way his back arched and the hoarse cry that tore out of his throat.
Tony had been on him lately for being reckless.  Steve personally didn’t think he was being that bad—he was just doing what he could do.  The team had plenty of heavy hitters on it right now, way heavier than him—Thor, She-Hulk, Tony himself—and Steve wasn’t team lead anyway, so he wasn’t needed back to coordinate things, and being point just made sense.  Tony called it “throwing himself into danger,” but honestly, he was one to talk.  Steve could check things out and their hardest hitters didn’t get tied up with anything minor, that way.  After everything, Steve thought it was the least he could do.  And he could take a lot of hits before they laid him out. Sure, he wasn’t the toughest on the team, not by a long shot, but he could stand up to a lot.  That was something he could do.
, Steve, you’re so good at that.  Just look at you, you’re so good at that.  Perfect mouth, perfect tongue, you feel so good on me, hot mouth, you’re so good with your tongue, getting all wet and sloppy, huh?  That’s good, sloppy’s so good.  Feels so nice, so nice and wet.  So hot.  Not afraid to get wet and messy, are you?  That’s perfect.  Yeah, yeah, kiss it.”  Steve was ducking his head, kissing at the head, swirling his tongue around it and then going back to sucking softly, kissing against it, tongue against the underside, catching it between his lips, even as Tony groaned and rocked his hips forward, sliding his cockhead back and forth, in and out between Steve’s soft lips and hot tongue.  “See?  See, you have the instincts for this, big guy.  I knew you did.  I knew you’d do great.  Knew you’d do wonderfully, be wonderful.”
“Yeah, ‘m good,” Tony said. The words were slurring a little.
“Aww, yeah, that’s it,” Brock said from behind him, and Steve could feel the slick sound of him palming himself for a moment before the weight of his cock came slapping down on his rear cheek again, leaving a damp, hot trail.  “Should’ve known you’d be a slut for it, huh, Cap?  Got it written all over you.”
It was as if Tony read his mind, the way he started to stroke over the rounded curve of Steve’s rear (nothing like as lush as Tony’s, he thought, but at least the serum had given him a little bit of curve for Tony to squeeze and mark and smack) until his hot backside was stinging, then pinched again, tugged at the hot, sore, sensitive flesh, until Steve was gasping, quivering until his cock swung in midair.
“C’mon, Tony,” Steve said, sounding flustered.  “I’m—okay, I’m not bad—”
“That feels really good,” Tony told him, and it came out soft, low.  He knew he was still floating, stupid with sex and the way Steve had used him so perfectly, so exactly how he’d wanted, by the fact that he’d said it at all, but he couldn’t find it in himself to wish it back.  “You have about a million years to stop.”
“Tony,” he said again, a soft, contented, sigh, because it was all he could think of to say, couldn’t think of how to express the affection, the love, the gratitude, his satisfaction and fondness and everything else welling up in him any other way.  Tony kissed his shoulder again, the back of his neck, reached up and curled his fingers around Steve’s, sliding their hands together.  His thumb stroked over the back of Steve’s hand where it clasped loosely around it, over his wrist.  Tony’s cock was still inside him, nestled inside his body, warm and very present, and oh, that was good.  Steve tried not to squeeze down on him, knowing he had to be oversensitive, but he couldn’t help the urge just a little, and Tony gasped.  More come trickled out over Steve’s rear, his thighs, and he sighed.
But that was
, Steve,” he huffed, a little hotly, but his voice was all breathy and low and cracking, too.  Steve smiled.
“So good,” Steve told him, with a little more emphasis, then caught his breath raggedly, on a little thick drag in of that breath, and then he was fucking him again, back to those little rolling thrusts.  They put pretty much constant pressure on Tony’s prostate, and Tony was just gasping, writhing, whimpering at the impossible fullness, the pleasure that undulated through his body in constant waves, until he realized his cock was hard again, and then Steve had his big hand around it, stroking gently.
“You started it,” Tony said, and fluttered his eyelashes.
.  His hole prickled and stung sweetly, neglected now, but still worked open and relaxed, butter-soft from Tony’s sweet, insistent fingers and wet with lube.  He felt so wet, smeared and sticky.  The head of his cock throbbed with every breath, every beat of his heart, feeling hot and raw, aching and flushed, even though no one had so much as touched it, not him, not Tony.  His whole body was . . . warm, felt like it was glowing all over from the oil Tony had rubbed on him, inside him, keeping him tingling, making him feel warm from the inside out, radiating into him, flushing him hot, making the sore places, the melts and marks Tony had left him over his back and thighs, prickle and tingle and warm with the kind of hot, tickling sting that kept Steve aware of them, reveling in them, in the marks Tony had left.
“Like what?” Brock drawled.  “Making eyes at Stark?”
“Feels really,” Tony groaned, “really good, Steve.”  He whined a little, pushed his hand forward into Steve’s palm, rubbing back and forth, desperately.  “Really good.”
good, somehow, “still feels good, honey.”
He still wasn’t even quite sure how it had started between him and Rumlow.  He’d gone out with the STRIKE team for drinks, one night, because, well, because he’d just been so . . . he hadn’t been able to face going back to his empty room and reading another history book, or just staring at the wall for a few hours before his mind finally slowed down enough that he could sleep, or he headed down to the workout room in his building to tire himself out.  He’d used to go out drinking with the Howlies, though it wasn’t like he could get drunk.  That wasn’t the point; it was about showing them he was one of them, he’d thought.  Well, he still thought that.  And then Rumlow had stayed later than the others, until it had been just him and Steve shooting pool, trading drinks.  Steve thought Rumlow might have been getting a little tipsy.  He should probably have gone back to his own place, but he’d been having a good time, and he’d felt comfortable, not out of place, for the first time in what felt like—well, since the last time he’d been in the field, if he was honest, and it had been so good, to feel at home when he wasn’t analyzing a mission or hitting someone with his shield, and Rumlow, with his attitude and his jokes and his dark eyes and friendly camaraderie, had reminded him a little of Bucky and a little of, of Tony.
Steve flushed a little darker.  “Yessir,” he said, low.  His eyes flicked from Tony’s face to his lips to his chest to his dick again.
“Yeah,” Tony murmured.  “Does that feel good?”
“Hey, honey, hey, look at me, huh?” Gentle but insistent fingers on his jaw, tilting his head up. Tony’s voice was demanding, pushing into Steve’s consciousness, sweeping over his skin like a prickling touch. Steve blinked stars out of his vision, took a breath. “How are you feeling?” Tony asked. His eyes were soft, deep blue like the ocean, but safe and warm, not like drowning, not like ice. He was smiling down at Steve, and it was crooked, sweet, so sweet it made Steve’s stomach clench and twist tight with feeling, something in his chest twinge and throb, even on top of how it felt to be kneeling naked at Tony’s feet, Tony still fully dressed, or nearly, looking only a little rumpled in his waistcoat and rolled up shirtsleeves, even if Tony’s fingers were sweaty and damp on Steve’s sweaty skin, just as hot as Steve’s flush.  He hadn’t even taken off his expensive polished shoes.
Steve picked up the elk flogger, tossed it back to get a feel for the weight of the tails, then picked it up, let it fall heavily onto Tony’s shoulders and linger there, let him breathe in the scent, shudder under the heavier thud, watching him for how he reacted, the tremors in his muscles, the gasp that caught in his chest, but it seemed good, everything seemed good, not too hard, so Steve dragged it down, let Tony get used to the heavy, chocolate-pudding slide of it, the velvet richness of the leather, then threw it again.  This had more thud, but it was still soft, caressed the skin, the leather soft and rich and squishy.  Steve let Tony feel it, really feel it, luxuriate in it, then threw it just a little harder, enough to feel as well as hear his breath catching under him, then moved down to his rear, to let Tony feel that rich deep thud there, too, against his thighs.
Tony nodded, groaning, rubbed one hand over his mouth, smearing his lipstick across the back of it, but God, God, it was true; he’d never opened up like this, let anyone take him like this, as willing, as
, insistent and real and, and wonderful with it.
“Thank you, fella,” Steve said, and let his own voice go soft, even as it wanted to slur out into a mumbled mess.  That earned him another soft smile from Tony that made him go warm all through, and that was worth anything.  “Y’take real good care of me, y’know?”  It seemed suddenly important that Tony hear that.  “I appreciate it, ‘ve always appreciated it. So much.”  His throat was dry, but at least he’d managed to get that out.
“Oh, hey,” Tony said, warm and soft.  His fingers carded through Steve’s hair again, and he smiled back down at him, so that it crinkled around his eyes, turned his features soft.  “There you are.”
“But I’ve been neglecting you,” Tony purred.
Tony grinned.  “You won’t drop me, don’t worry,” he said.  “So?  How about it?  Am I on your naughty list, sugar?”
God, it felt incredible. Tony’s mouth was always incredible, so hot and wet and perfect, and he knew just how to suck, just how to use his tongue, and—this time around it was hot and wet and messy and sloppy, Tony was clearly all over the place, just suckling wet and sloppy and hot at his tip, sucking and wet, then bobbing his mouth down over him, down and down until Steve was in his throat and he was swallowing and choking wetly, and Steve almost pulled him off despite the brilliant, unbelievable wet pleasure, before Tony swallowed again and the choking eased off and there was just the tight, soft, velvet clench of his throat, dragging along him before he pulled back again and mouthed all sloppy and wet at his tip, sucking on it like it was a popsicle, dragging his head back and forth, thrusting it in and out of his own mouth like there was a prize for most determined cocksucker on offer and Tony was goddamn determined to get it, before he went down on him again.
He let it bump there one, two, three times, then was confident in his ability to open his throat, take it deeper, and shoved himself down further over Steve.  Steve gasped, trembled under him, jerked, but not hard, not shoving himself up into Tony’s mouth, a low, gasping groan escaping him as his hand tightened in Tony’s hair, and Tony let out a gurgling sigh at the pleasure of it.  He kept Steve’s thick heat down his throat as long as he could before his eyes would start to water, then slid off again, sucking and licking and making love to the head, really, with his whole mouth, lips and tongue and everything, as it lay in his mouth.
“Yes,” Tony said, softly. “Yes, I, I thought about you, Steve. Thought about you, like this, just like this.”
He realized as soon as he looked around the living room, though, that Tony wasn’t in his workshop.  Instead, he was curled up on the sofa, head sprawled over the back of it, arms wrapped around one of the decorative throw pillows, fast asleep.  He was the only one in the room.
“Well, thank you,” Tony said, and winked.  “I try, darling.  I try.”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed.  “Long as you’ll be here when I wake back up.”
Steve moaned again at that, sounding happy, and his eyes squeezed further shut.  His hand sped on his own cock.
He’d regretted having to answer the call from Fury, regretted it more when it was basically just answering a few questions about the missions he’d been on in the last month and a milk run mission to take Hydra tech out of the hands of a bunch of homegrown domestic terrorists who wanted to blow up the tree at Rockefeller Center.  They’d been so haphazardly set up it had felt a little like taking candy from a baby.  He hadn’t wanted to be out on Christmas Eve, hadn’t wanted to leave Tony, especially—it was only their second Christmas together as a couple, no matter how many jokes Tony made about them being like an old married couple already—but duty was duty and Tony, in between making him promise that he’d call for back up if he needed it, had assured him about a hundred times that it would be all right, that he had to work late anyway and it would make him feel less guilty about it.  Working late on Christmas Eve.  Jesus.
Tony nodded, sucking on Steve’s thumb a little more assiduously, playing his tongue over the nail, against the pad, grateful for the weight on his tongue, the soft way Steve’s thumb pet over the top of it in Tony’s mouth, as Steve picked up the lube from beside them with his other hand, leaving Tony’s rim feeling tingling and sensitive from Steve’s earlier massaging.
“Yes, sir,” Steve mumbled.  He felt a pang of loss even before Tony shifted his weight, but he knew he couldn’t stay there forever.  He still appreciated the way Tony kissed his shoulder again, wrapped his hand around Steve’s arm at his elbow, as he moved back and the warmth of him inside left Steve, pulling out of his wet hole with a soft noise and a sense of sudden emptiness and a few trickles of Tony’s come.  Tony’s thumb brushed over him there a moment later, and Steve gasped, wished he’d put his fingers inside, stroke him where he was wet and dripping, push them deep and stop him up, tease him, but Tony just stroked gently over the wet, tender rim.
“Pretty scandalous,” Steve said cheerfully.  “I used one in those days, though.  Never wanted to get a gal pregnant.”
He hadn’t moved much, though he had scrunched down under the blanket, his head lolling forward, pressed into the top of the pillow he was holding.  Steve sat down on the couch beside him and blew on his hands, rubbing them together until he was sure they were warmed up, then leaned in, stroked his palm up over Tony’s bicep, up to his shoulder.  He was wearing some kind of soft steel-blue sweater that felt like goose-down under his hand.  “Hey there, Shellhead,” he murmured.  “Want to wake up a little?”
Steve gave a little hum and pushed his cock up with his hand, laving his tongue down the shaft until it met his fingers, then dragging it back up.  Oh, oh, that was good.  Pleasure shivered through Tony, building irresistibly.  Steve’s tongue was warm, so warm and so perfect, and his grip was firm and certain.  Tony heard himself moan again, felt it in his chest, as Steve dragged his tongue up over Tony’s cockhead, swirled it around, licked up and down each side.  He was definitely taking Tony’s advice, listening to him, obediently stroking his tongue up and down each side of Tony’s cock, over the head, let it get wet and messy, licking eagerly at his tip.
“All yours,” Steve breathed.  “All yours, always.”  Tony was right where Steve wanted him now.  He wrapped his arms around him, smiled up into his gorgeous face.  “There’s my pretty honey,” he murmured.  “My pretty fella.”
The grin Tony gave him in response to that made him shiver all the way down to his toes, made his cock jerk almost painfully, hot and ready, made it leak.  “Thank you,” he said.  “Thank you for telling me.  You did so well.  Oh, you sweetheart, Steve.  I’m gonna have so much fun with you.”
“Well, thank you, darling,” Tony said, and smiled at him. “I do try my best.  I appreciate the compliment.”
“All right,” Tony said.  “But I promise, this is going to blow my mind.”
He knew he had let out a soft whine, was panting, and he felt himself flush.
Tony frowned.  “Well, I do like whatever you do,” he said.  “And you’re never inadequate.  You’re wonderful, all right?”  He was lucky to have Steve.
“Jesus, he does all the work and then complains about how he didn’t take them all out down to the last guy,” Tony said, but the look on his face seemed incredibly fond to Steve, and his voice was affectionate, too. “Captain Heroism here’s out to give me a complex.  Oh, I just scanned the facility and shot down some exterior defenses, I’m useless.”
When Tony pulled away, finally, Steve was breathless, even more so as Tony pulled away slowly, brushing hair back from Steve’s face, caressing his cheeks, his jaw, running his fingers across his lips, and the way he smiled at him—his heart throbbed in his chest, oddly painful and quick, like he was still arrhythmic, like his heart was too big for his body, too big to be contained in his ribcage.  Tony’s thumb gently traced his bottom lip.  “Sunshine,” he said, thickly, but God, no, his smile was the sunshine, leaving Steve warm, warm from the inside out, as brilliant as a spring day without a cloud in the sky.
Steve went bright red all over—he could see the flush on the tops of his bare feet, even—and his hand tightened around the top of his cock, the big blunt dark red head of it.  He was already dripping, of course—he always got so wet, wet and leaky, and his hand was already slippery wet just from touching himself.  His mouth went loose around Tony, and he gagged just a little, his saliva gurgling up wet around Tony’s cock.  Tony reached down, caught Steve’s jaw in his hand, stroked it gently, eased his mouth back just a bit, Steve’s saliva slipping down over his thumb, his hand, as he dragged in a deep breath.  Tony slid his thumb up, let it just slide into Steve’s mouth where it was open and wet, just over his lips, alongside his own dick, slipping over Steve’s tongue.  Steve moaned, his eyes going even more dilated, and sucked wetly, messily, at his cock, at his thumb.  Tony groaned himself, as Steve’s throat worked and his mouth sent shockwaves of pleasure up his cock.  He rubbed his thumb along Steve’s tongue, feeling the thick slide of saliva under it, the heat of Steve’s tongue, his swollen lips, cupped his chin and lifted his hips just enough to push deeper into Steve’s mouth, then pulled back.  Steve’s eyes fluttered shut and he moaned again, sucking harder.
“Okay,” Steve said, feeling his face break out into a smile, brushing Tony’s hair back off his forehead again.  “Okay, it was good.”
“I’d say you always please me, handsome,” Tony purred.  “I mean that.”  He did, too.  Steve was a—a gift, precious and incredible, awkward and strong and brave and noble and unutterably perfect.  He was a little clumsy in bed, at times, sure enough, more because of his own self-consciousness than anything, but he was also a quick learner, physically gifted, with enviable stamina, endurance, and a recovery time that would be the envy of any man.  He was also sweet, giving, with a soft shyness and a gentleness that had surprised Tony, when he was offered tenderness in return, respectful and so damn steady it took Tony’s breath away.  He slid his hands up to Steve’s neck, leaned up and pressed a kiss to his forehead.  “Whatever we do, I guarantee you I’ll enjoy it.”
“St-Steve,” he stuttered out, feeling his hands slip down the sides of the mirror, sweaty and desperate, but then Steve was slipping an arm around Tony’s middle, one over his hip, down along his thigh, rubbing a finger gently under one loose stocking, then gripping him gently and pulling him back, and back, until his back was to Steve’s chest, and he was cradled in his lap, against his thighs.  The movement pushed him back on Steve’s cock, and Tony cried out, arched his back, gasping, but didn’t fight it.  Steve was sliding inside, deep and inexorable, and it felt—good, overwhelming, overwhelming heat and fullness and depth, like his whole body felt the sensation of being spread open on Steve’s big cock as he sank down on it.  Steve rubbed his belly, murmured endearments to him, kissed at the side of his neck, down over his shoulder, bracing him at his thigh, fingers gripping tight but not painful just above Tony’s panties where they’d slipped down his thighs slightly. Tony thought he probably looked incredibly wrecked, if he’d had the energy to look up at himself in the mirror, but the sensations were just too overwhelming, and he couldn’t help throwing back his head, gasping, eyes shut tight just in order to process them.
“You mean that?” he asked hoarsely, finally, his voice gruff, harsh, but shaking under it.
to.  I still want to.”  Tony could see the stubborn set to his jaw, even with the way he was caressing his thigh with his lips, his face.  He pushed his face in between Tony’s thigh and his cock, against the crease there, and left a kiss, then pulled back, enough to kiss Tony’s thigh lower down, closer to his knee, the top of his leg.
“I remember,” Tony said, and ran a hand back through his hair. “You do look a bit …” he smirked, again, and raised one eyebrow “. . . taller.”
“Yeah, I figured,” Tony murmured, after a long moment.  What Steve kept doing to his prostate, how he kept rubbing at and stroking along his inner walls, was incredibly distracting.  “Your dick, am I guessing right, here, tiger?”
“Mmm,” Tony said, his hands flexing softly under Steve’s.  He curled his fingers up, rubbed them against the sides of Steve’s face, and Steve shivered, just a little.  He got wind-burned easily, and it was cold outside—the serum hadn’t yet healed it, though in a few hours it would be gone.  Tony rubbed at one cheek with a thumb, then, abruptly, wriggled out from under Steve’s chest, dug in his pockets or sweater or something under the blanket.  Steve blinked, surprised.  “Aha!” Tony said, a moment later, and pulled out a little tin of what looked like lotion.  “Now c’mere, lover,” Tony said, and turned quickly to sit sideways on the sofa, trapping Steve between both of his legs.
Steve didn’t throw that one as long, worried about overtaxing Tony’s endurance, but he went long enough to see Tony’s skin go deeper red both over his shoulders and back, to hear Tony moaning under it, mouth open and panting, drooling into the pillow, see the way he started arching back into it, rolling his hips as if desperate for more, before he set it aside, ran a gentle hand down over Tony’s rear again, testing, seeing how Tony sucked in his breath and trembled under his touch, how raw his skin felt.
How could he not feel better, with Tony here?  With Tony here, holding him, petting him like that, keeping him safe and warm?
“I never imagined anything like this, Tony,” Steve mumbled, after a moment, into Tony’s neck, a hushed, quiet confession as their racing hearts began to even out, slow from their rapid pounding, and the room had grown quiet.  “Never imagined anything like being with you.”
Tony moaned, gasping, rocked his cock forward against the covers, whimpering deep in his chest, rubbing his cock against Steve’s fingers as Steve teased him.  Goddamn, that was sexy, seeing Tony react like that, whine and whimper and press back against Steve’s fingers, against his hand.  Steve teased him for a long while, feeling Tony’s half-erect cock hardening, thickening warm and heavy under his fingers, before he trailed his hand back between Tony’s legs, stroked first one thigh, then the other, gently caressing, until Tony was shivering, his legs spread willingly wide, and then he trailed the flogger over the sensitive skin again and brought it down first across one of Tony’s thighs, then the other.
Tony’s head snapped up immediately, so he must have heard Steve sigh, then he started violently enough to knock his tablet to the floor.
The doeskin was soft, supple and smooth, and Steve could see Tony shiver with each smooth, creamy slide of the falls down over his back from the warm mark it had left on his skin. Steve let it linger, slipping down softly over his skin, dragging smooth and soft and just a little heavy over his back, each time, before he brought his arm back and swung the tails back down again.  Tony was really getting into it now, Steve could tell, the way he gasped and moaned with each soft tease of the flogger down his back, could see his hard length between his legs whenever he shifted, thick and ruddy and fully hard now, leaving sticky little trails of precome on the covers when he shifted, rolling his hips every so often, breathless little pants escaping his lips without him even seeming to realize it.  That was exactly how, where, Steve wanted him (and he could feel his own cock, hard and throbbing and hot between his legs, give a needy throb every time Tony made one of those soft little sounds or bobbed his hips, all lithe, rolling enticement, but it wasn’t time for that yet), and it made him feel good, not just turned on, but good, tender and soft and tight and warm in his chest, to watch him like that.
Steve gave in, letting his eyes slip half-closed and just enjoyed the way it felt as Tony carefully, oh so carefully, let his fingers, coated in silky lotion, rub in gentle circles over his raw cheek.  Tony’s fingers were warm on his skin, the lotion silky-slick and creamy, and Steve let his breath out at the intimacy of it, felt his cheeks going warm.  Tony just smiled and rubbed soft cream up over his cheekbone.  Steve sighed, closed his eyes, and let Tony tilt his face the other way, rub the cream on there, too.  It felt cool, calming, easing the ache and fire of his raw skin away.
“Good,” Tony managed on a tight groan of his own.  “I want you to feel good.  You’re doing so well for me.  Doing so good sucking my cock, huh?  Just look at me, huh?  Look what you’re doing to me.  Is that turning you on?”
He was rewarded with Tony’s face, the way it lit up, transported with the praise, the way he bent his head, buried it in Steve’s shoulder, chest heaving.
“Okay,” Steve said. “You still okay with going up to the strap, still?  If you’re not, just let me know.”  He stroked one hand down over the beautiful, luscious curve of Tony’s rump, rubbed gently at the warm skin.  “I’m fine with just taking it slow and soft, if that’s what you want.  I’d like that, too.”  And he would.  He loved slow, soft, gentle impact scenes with Tony, slowly working him up with nothing but pleasure, sensation, pressure, no sting at all, using only their softer floggers so the whole thing was more sensation than anything else, until Tony was a warm, blissed-out puddle the way he only really seemed to get after a long, gentle impact scene, and Steve would just sit there and touch him after, running his hands all over him, luxuriating in the relaxed slump of Tony’s muscles, the glowing warmth of his skin, so sensitized wherever Steve had worked him that Tony shivered and blew out his breath at every touch.
It felt so good, letting himself sink into that rhythm, and Tony felt his self-consciousness at the silky stocking on his legs, the strange clinging softness encasing his feet and his toes, the lacy lingerie clinging to what curves his body had with every movement, fade away, until there was only the heat and ache and pressure of Steve’s cock in his mouth, the wet slickness and slide, the way Tony had to pant, drooling around it, as he dragged in air through his nose, opened up his mouth for it. Steve’s hand was tugging gently, so gently, at his hair, petting and gripping and stroking like he couldn’t stop, like he had to keep his hand moving, groaning nonstop now, and Tony let that spur him on, opened his mouth even wider, somehow, and let Steve’s massive cock slide in to the back of his throat, a test run, letting himself get used to the heavy girth, the length.
“That’s for sure,” he breathed.  Tony was so good with his body, he’d turn himself over to Tony any day of the week.  He’d never known anyone, been with anyone, who knew his body like Tony did.  “You’re . . . you’re good with your hands.”
“So let me, Tony,” Steve said, and kissed softly along his shoulder, licking, sucking over his pulse, too lightly to leave a mark, kissed the underside of his jaw.  “You know I like doing it.  Love it.”
He’d always intended to go the longest with this one, so he used all the tricks he knew—speeding up the pace, slowing down, going lighter and lighter then back up to his usual weight, watching every one of Tony’s reactions as he did, as he moaned and shivered and bucked up back against it, as his mouth sagged open against the pillows, open and wet and he moaned and pressed his head down into it, tossing it back and forth.  He was down in it, now, so the sounds he made were more open and unrestrained, soft little yelps and gasps and oofs of effort, groans, as Steve coaxed sensation after sensation out of him with the flogger.
