, and Steve straightens to kiss him, an obvious apology in the way he does it. Tony moves back when Steve gets up and bodily lifts Anthony further back onto the bed; Steve follows closely after, settling between Anthony's thighs as he kisses him again. When they break the kiss, both of them look at Tony in question, but Tony just gives an offhanded wave before crawling over to rummage in the bedside table drawer.
"God, Steve." Tony pauses for a moment, hands gripping tightly at Steve's hips. "I forgot how badly you always wanted it."
Tony pushes up from the pillows and rolls them over deftly, to settle between Steve's legs. When his fingers press between Steve's thighs, they're already slicked; Steve isn't sure when that happened, but he doesn't have time to wonder about it, as Tony begins to ease a fingertip inside.
While they're preoccupied with each other, Tony grabs the lube and a condom from the bedside table, before settling back to his previous position, content to simply watch until Steve finally pulls away from his kisses with Anthony.
Steve frowned, looking down at his pizza. Ordinarily, he would have inhaled the slice by now, but he found himself sidetracked by the conversation and its implications.
A sleek red car was parked in the other space, while a motorcycle that probably didn't get much use in this weather was propped a few feet further in. It seemed as if much of the house's square footage on the first floor was actually divided into the garage, as the typical parking and storage area sloped upward and expanded into a clean, warm space that could only be described as a workshop.
“Whether the numbers you ran matched up to the scenario you expected,” Steve answered patiently, “the outcome was still in our favor.”
Steve grunted softly when Tony’s weight left his back; he rolled over and propped himself on an elbow, waiting until Tony was settled onto his back and looking at Steve to speak.
“So,” Tony said after a moment, breaking the silence. “… can I come read reports with you more often?”
Shutting off the shower, Steve steps out and towels off. Just as he opens the door back to the bedroom from the en suite, the sound of crashing glass from the front room reaches his ears.
"And exactly no one walked in," Tony said, rolling his eyes. "The security camera over there in the corner might be a problem, but it’s okay - what is that, tech from the 90’s? It’s not even digital, I could disassemble that in my
Steve still had a few hours until the party, and a little longer after that if he didn't want to show up in a weirdly punctual fashion. He almost never took naps during the day, but decided as he stretched back out on the couch that it wouldn't be a bad idea. He hadn't slept particularly well the night before, and he would probably need that extra energy to cope with tonight.
Steve supposed that was true, just not in the way she was thinking. Whatever it was, they needed to work it out. They had a little time before they would be back in England. Steve steeled himself and went to knock on her cabin door.
Tony laughed, accepting the help as he lurched back up to stand. “Why, thanks, Cap,” he said. He patted the edge of the shield that was still strapped on his right arm. “You know, I almost don’t want to give this back. I’m thinking about adding a shield onto the armor, what do you say?”
Steve tugged off his gloves and tossed them onto the coffee table, then he was returning the favor, fumbling at the buckle of Tony’s belt like an excited teenager. Tony’s zipper went down, followed by the rip of cloth and an apologetic, embarrassed “sorry” from Steve.
“Great.” Tony sighed, flopping down onto one of his workbenches, and he pitifully whined his mantra of the last few days: “
Steve laughed at the easy banter, the lighthearted insult; he felt a warmth blossoming in his chest that reminded him of his friendship with Bucky (and wouldn't Natasha have been just Bucky's type, too?).
"After two years, I'm not sure I was entirely prepared," Steve says, grinning up at Tony. It's impossible not to feel elated right now, awash with the afterglow.
At this rate, Steve was almost looking forward to the party, just to have something to do. He was not used to having so much downtime, not the kind that was enforced by mission parameters and spent generally alone. He was at liberty to do what he wanted, while at the same time limited in that scope by the circumstances.
Steve stood up and followed him, though he was conscious to stay back a couple of steps, out of Tony's personal space. "So," he said awkwardly. "Why teaching?"
Tony’s expression darkened as he got to his feet; did he think Steve was rejecting him? Steve tugged Tony in closer, slipped his arm around Tony’s waist, until his hand could slide under the hem of Tony’s t-shirt and rest on the small of his back, offering leverage for Steve to press their bodies together.
Tony's smile is wicked as he looks Steve over from head to toe, one searing glance. "Would you like that, Commander?"
The faceplate snapped down again, and this time Tony took off without looking back. He crashed through the glass and took the bomb with him as he went, flying straight up and away from them and the city below.
does Tony know that expression from having worn it enough times on his own face. "Then why don't you come here and join in?"
Tony makes a sound of agreement, leaning over to rest his head on Steve's shoulder. "And what will you do here in Madripoor?"
Steve takes a deep breath and summons a smile. "It'll be fine. You know you can trust me to get the job done."
Steve was enforcing that rule by sitting on the couch with him, gingerly cuddling Tony and feeding him an occasional bit of gingerbread cookie while they watched
time to get hot, and Steve allowed himself a moment of distraction for the way Tony looked while bending over.
Though Steve wanted to ask whether it was just a music box, whether they had nearly had a castle dropped on them just for that, he decided not to forget his lessons from
In 1939, as a result of Project: Rebirth, Steve Rogers became the first and only successful recipient of Abraham Erskine’s super soldier serum.
When Tony doesn't respond, Steve turns away, a red blush creeping up his neck and spreading over his cheeks.
"The good news is, he's stable," Banner says. "The loss of consciousness was due to the repulsor pump, which we've managed to recharge back to full capacity."
The masked hero, whose identity beneath the winged cowl remains classified, had a hand in a number of Allied victories during the war. For his work as leader of the campaign against the Nazi science division known as HYDRA, Captain America was awarded with a number of accolades, along with the unidentified members of his specialist team, known as the Howling Commandos.
Tony shakes his head. “I don’t know. More Hydra tech, that much is clear, but I haven’t a damn clue what it does. Yet.”
Steve decided not to read too much into that last message. He put his phone away and went to put on a pot of coffee. Natasha stirred and came into the kitchen around the time the smell of coffee began to permeate the air. She looked much younger than usual in a pair of soft pajamas, with her hair sticking up at odd angles from sleep.
Dealing with cross-universal alternates is not the strangest thing to ever happen to Tony; the first time or two, it ranked fairly high, sure, but this many times down the road, he has a hard time even giving it much placement on his list. The fact that they've been suspended unconscious in stasis pods, however,
"Okay, then." Steve walked to his car and rummaged in his things for a pen and a piece of paper, and he scrawled a quick note to Tony, thanking him for a nice day - Steve
After getting cleaned up and tossing on some clothes, Tony felt a little more like a person; he headed for the kitchen, following the smell of freshly brewing coffee. Steve was standing at the counter, leaning against it as he ate a bowl of cereal. He was also reading the news on his StarkPad, which made Tony feel strangely proud.
Steve was able to pull into the driveway proper this time, and the garage door rolled open on his approach to invite him inside. The garage was much larger on the inside than Steve expected; after he parked and got out, he couldn't help a glance around while he stripped out of his outerwear and left it piled in the front seat.
"Agent Coulson has just returned from a deep cover assignment in Cedar Falls, Iowa." Fury keyed a button on the conference table and a screen popped up behind him, with a satellite view of the area. He pressed another button, and the view changed to what looked like a driver's license photo. "His task has been observation of this man."
Tony groaned loudly and dropped his head back against the shower wall. "What? No, mood killed, I'm done with you," he said, but the seriousness of the words was ruined by his laughter.
"So ..." Tony cleared his throat. "If I were to ask you back to my place, would there be a ... conflict of interest?"
This is everything Steve wanted, even though he should know better. Ever since he found out that Tony would be in Madripoor, his best attempts at professionalism aside, Steve hoped for this.
"I've seen the records," Barton said. "I know Howard Stark used to go out looking for Cap. Stark's dad was a founding member of SHIELD, you think he's not gonna know?"
Sternberg was working for Tony. Hydra wanted something Sternberg had. Surely Tony has no real connection to Hydra, or else they wouldn't have murdered Sternberg?
"Are there any leads on Stark, a point of contact we might trust to give us a way in?" Natasha asked.
"I -" Stark falters. "Yeah, I guess." He pushes himself up on his elbows, and Steve slides an arm behind Stark's shoulders to help him sit up the rest of the way.
Steve had been doing a great deal of research into the educational system for the sake of his cover - learning about lack of funding for the arts, parent groups calling for schools to revamp school lunches into healthier and more nutritious meals, and some of the lengths that teachers went through to make sure their students had necessary supplies - but he still had difficulty imagining that
Tony pretended to think about it for a second. "Yes," he said, tugging the shirt up and, with Steve's assistance, over Steve's head. Tony hissed when raising his arms aggravated his muscle aches, and Steve laughed quietly.
"He was a veteran, too. After the war, he had a hard time finding work," Steve says. "So he drowned his sorrows in the bottle. I think ... in a way, he gradually slipped away, too. Became someone else, someone unrecognizable."
, but he could not deny the facts: he kept running into Steve. Sometimes it was an accident, and okay, sometimes it was on purpose, when Tony felt like getting laid and an order of tall, dark, and handsome was too tempting to pass up.
“It always is,” Steve said, just assuming that whatever Tony was thinking of saying on the matter, it was going to be positive. He straightened up, and began setting their clothes back to rights, at least enough for them to make it to one of their bedrooms (and, in Steve’s case, a shower).
Tony Stark looked up from repairs to one of his armor boot jets, in time to see his own armored face flash across the screen, followed by the questionably good company of the Hulk, Black Widow, Hawkeye, and the Falcon.
Another rocket whistled overhead; the sound of it exploding into colorful sparks muffled what was, in fact, a very real gunshot.
Tony was quiet for a long moment, long enough that Steve had to check he was still awake. “Okay,” he said at last. “The next Galactus contingency plan we come up with, it’ll be together.”
Steve shrugged. "He mentioned his butler, in a roundabout way, so that pretty much confirms our suspicions about Edwin Jarvis. And he brought up another friend who's in the Air Force - he just called him 'Rhodey,' but he said they went to college together. I remember a mention of someone in his file fitting that description."
"Already texting with him?" Natasha asked. "Good job. But I think it's a better idea for you to go alone - don't want him getting the wrong impression. I'll show up separately, pretend I came with someone else."
She handed the music box to Steve, and he handled it carefully, closing the lid again so that he could study the small painting.
Steve moves in close, an arm slipping around Tony's waist as he leans in for a brief kiss. "I'll be back in a little while," he says. Then he pauses, eyes drifting to the pod. "Should I get a room prepared for our guest?"
Hydra's headquarters in Madripoor, in stark contrast to a sumptuous mountain castle, is a low key, seemingly abandoned warehouse. Ironically, it seems to be located not far from where Steve arrived in Madripoor with Namor to begin with. Steve gets marched into a large room, where it looks like the entirety of the Hydra cell has gathered, and a cheer goes up through the parted crowd when Steve appears. He knows he must present a defeated sight, in bloody and rumpled clothes, hands cuffed behind his back.
"No, I appreciate the insight," Steve said, feeling a little guilty for his fake earnestness. "It's been nice to get to know people outside the job, before the first day of work."
There was only one thing that broke the eight percent mark, only one scenario that rated in the double digits, even if the number was low, but at this rate, Tony had come around to being willing to take what he could get.
Steve was not above employing a little more to his tactics, and he tipped his head down to murmur into Tony's ear, sharing some of his dirtier thoughts aloud. Tony tensed around the time Steve was spinning a particularly elaborate fantasy related to just
Tony made the best noises when Steve touched him, from soft gasps to needy moans, all perfectly timed to let Steve know just how much Tony was enjoying himself. It was all rather well orchestrated, and felt more than slightly false to Steve. Even though by this point he and Tony had graduated to actual bedmates who often slept in the same bed, Tony was still guarded with his sincerity. Steve hadn't been able to figure out yet whether it was difficulty in showing feelings, or fear of them being rejected. Tony was a guy who lived much of his life in the public eye; maybe he had a hard time with intimacy, no matter how many notches he had on his bedpost.
Steve unloaded the dishwasher from the night before, and washed up the rest of the dirty dishes the old fashioned way. He'd just dried his hands and begun to plot breakfast when his phone pinged with a text message. It was from Tony, just a generic "Merry Christmas!" that was probably mass-texted to a lot of people.
Jarvis' footsteps were muffled by the heavy carpet, until he appeared in Tony's peripheral vision, settling down into the chair beside him. "Master Anthony."
Last night's conversation with Natasha weighed heavily on Steve's mind, no matter how fast he ran; even the pounding of feet on the pavement and breathing in the more than slightly chilly Iowan winter air couldn't make him stop thinking about it. Steve respected Agent Coulson and trusted the man as a strategist, but he wasn't sure how he felt about the idea of being chosen for this mission because he was someone's
The shirts and ties and pocket squares never came in the same colors or patterns; sometimes Tony would mix stripes and checks, to strangely pleasing result. Colors that Steve might have combined only by mistake in his colorblind days before the serum came together to make each ensemble pop.
"Ah." Tony takes back his drink, with the distinct air of a man who wishes it were something stronger. "I see."
"I think we know a thing or two about that," Steve says. He leans a bit closer to Tony, taking Tony's hand in his own and squeezing lightly.
The last of Tony's caffeine buzz has worn off by the time he makes it to his bedroom, and his limbs are sluggish as he peels out of his clothes and goes to flop into bed. It isn't until Tony lands - getting a firm forearm right across his ribcage - that he realizes Steve has decided to sleep in his room tonight. That shouldn't be a surprise, given Steve has slept in his room
"So," Tony said after a while, startling Steve; Steve thought he had drifted off to sleep. "You're Captain America."
Somehow, Steve thinks, this seemed easier when it was only in the planning stages. Now, all of the careful plans fly from Steve's mind and he forces his nerves to calm, takes a deep breath, and heads toward the corner.
"I've got some ... experience ... in the whole field of split personalities," Banner says, with a rueful little smile. "But don't worry, it's not contagious."
. We’ve worked together for years ... I don’t think I’m alone in feeling like this was inevitable. No matter who you were inside that suit.”
"I don't," Steve answers quickly. "I thought that might come when the food I ordered gets here. We do have a little while before he wakes up, right?"
Hours pass while Tony runs tests on the pods and sorts through the rest of Kashmir Vennema's stash. Much of the tech proves to be scrap, at least to someone like Tony. He has most of it packed up for SHIELD to either use or dispose of, by the time the sound of a keypad beeping sounds outside the lab.
,” Tony said in his best Clint-like voice. “Are you going to make the Iron Man armor out of cardboard?”
was the library of a school struggling with budget cuts. There were so many books of different lengths and colorful covers lining the shelves, and a bank of well-kept computers lined a wall.
Clint came into the kitchen just in time for breakfast, but conversation around the table was sparse with two of the three hungover and the other preoccupied. Steve was accustomed to such a meal after having enough like it with the Howling Commandos back during the war, and equally aware that like the soldiers, Clint and Natasha no doubt would be able to throw off the debilitating trappings of their hangovers if the situation called for it. Steve didn't really understand what it was like, but figured maybe if you didn't
helmet off, hair blowing in a breeze, arm firmly wrapped around Captain America’s waist, as she dipped him in a kiss.
"It was --" Iron Man grunted. "-- for a good cause!" He'd only donated a cow in someone's name, eesh. How was that naughty?
into the villain role-play, but that didn't mean there was nothing to be said about how nice it was to have Tony on his lap right now.
Tony knows Steve has seen under the cover from a distance before, when Jarvis has charged the repulsor pump. It isn't precisely a secret, but Tony chooses to wear the metal plate over his chest more often than not these days, just to give that added layer of durability with a war on.
"My flight out's in a couple hours," Clint said. "I don't like flying on an empty stomach, so breakfast at four it is."
It took a few seconds for Steve to regain his composure, to open his eyes and meet Tony's gaze again, and he smiled in a sly, conspiratorial way, as if aware of just the effect he'd had on Tony. Actually, he probably
Steve didn’t say anything for a moment, and Tony looked up to see a blush spreading across Steve’s cheekbones.
“It’s just hard to look past the food fights and having to fix the holes he makes in my tower every couple of weeks,” Tony said.
Anthony hesitates; Tony knows the look on his face, the one that says Anthony doesn't want to admit to weakness. "No, it's - I'm fine, I can work."
When Steve arrives at the harbor, he finds Captain Namor at the docks just as he requested. A part of him is surprised to find the pirate there, standing on the deck of the
“Today was such a day I thought some comfort food might be in order,” Tony said, gamely making an attempt to keep things light between them. “Jarvis - the original Jarvis, my dad’s butler when I was a kid - used to make this for me whenever I had a bad day.”
For a guy who seemed to have his head in the clouds half the time, Tony was thoughtful as a lover, and seemed defeated only by his desire to touch more at once than two hands and one mouth easily allowed. Steve pulled back from Tony's biting kisses and reached back to close the shower door; enclosed in the relatively small space, even with the water running around them, their excited, panting breaths seemed loud and harsh.
"Of course you'd like to be the one in the middle," Anthony says. His face is flushed, skin damp with perspiration, but he pushes himself up just a little, getting the leverage to push back onto Steve and Tony.
"SHIELD got their shit together and finally sent someone good looking," Tony said with a grin. "I mean, okay ... Coulson was pretty convincing, I had my suspicions early on. He felt like he might be one of Fury's, but he managed to convince me otherwise, mostly because he left me alone. But you ... you went at it with enthusiasm."
"Hi." Tony smiled, and Steve was impressed with the sudden notion that Tony was, in fact, quite handsome. He looked particularly good in a festive red sweater and dark jeans that hugged his hips and thighs in all the right ways. Tony did, in fact, seem to be in remarkably good shape for a man past the age of forty; only the laugh lines at the corners of his eyes, and the bits of gray shot through his dark hair, betrayed signs of his years.
"Oh. Old college friend who was supposed to hang out with me today," Tony answered. "My canceled plans?"
Steve unfastened Tony's jeans, and slowly went down to his knees in front of Tony; if anyone were to walk in on them now, there would be no denying what Steve was doing. The thought made Tony's arousal peak rather painfully, his cock hardening until it was a relief when Steve finally tugged down Tony's boxers and let Tony's erection spring free.
," Steve says, when the first of Tony's fingers eases into Anthony and adds pressure against Steve's cock. "That is - are we -"
The broad smile on Steve's face draws Tony’s attention away from his work, and Tony takes a step back from the armor, pushing his goggles up to his head.
“And you had superpowers,” Tony said slowly, handing back the photo. “How are you - I mean, you look really good for your age.”
Tony grinned, seizing the opportunity to lighten the mood. He knew that there was more he and Steve should discuss, that Tony had a lot more feelings to unpack from the day’s experiences, but ... well, he was also pretty sure Steve would understand if it needed to wait for another time. “You’re
JARVIS brought the light on the nightstand up to a higher setting, and Tony settled in with the pizza, eating ravenously once he got started. Ever so often, he sneaked a glance at Steve, until Steve finally shifted uncomfortably and asked, “What?”
"Hmm." Steve rubbed lightly at Tony's neck, thumb and forefinger offering the barest pressure. "You actually don't have any bruises yet. I'm sure it'll be a few hours before they start to surface."
Steve's warmth at his back was perfect to soothe his many aches, and Tony was just drifting off to sleep when Steve asked, "Ah ... what happened to your closet?"
They reached Steve’s bedroom first, and he led the way inside, closing the door before he tried to respond, or derail this potentially dangerous train of thought for Tony. They already talked about this, and Steve didn’t want to see Tony blaming himself any more for what happened. “And we came out on the other side,” he said.
"I came here looking for you. The men with me thought we were here to search Tony Stark's possessions," Agent Drew says.
Steve knows from experience that Namor could be more difficult than this. He'll take what he can get. "Fair enough."
"I'll see you when you get home this evening," Steve said cheerfully, on his way to the door. He paused with his hand on the doorknob and looked back over his shoulder with a smile. "And Tony? I'll help you out of the suit."
Tony Carbonell was simply an enigma. He seemed to love his job, love his students, and to want for little in life. And in the months that he had spent getting to know Tony, Coulson was no closer to an answer to the riddle; if anything, he only had more questions.
Tony kept up a one-sided flow of conversation most of the way, appearing not to notice - or at least, not to care - that Steve's responses were few and far between. When they finally arrived at their venue, multiple cars were already present; the house itself was crowded, although the space was nearly as large as Tony's home, and equally as packed with people as Tony's Christmas party had been.
Tony answers the unfinished question by surging forward and mashing their lips together. It's hardly graceful, actually it is the furthest thing from being graceful, but Tony tries to make it work. He puts his hands out on Steve's shoulders to steady them both, and Steve responds in kind by placing his hands on Tony's sides, uncertain as if he doesn't know quite what to do with them.
Someone else had apparently decided that what they needed couldn’t wait, however, as the cabin was filled with a trilling noise, like the ringing of a phone.
"Just let me talk to him. Maybe I can figure out what's going on." Steve doesn't mention that he just wants the opportunity to ask his own questions of Tony, but Peggy seems to read it on his face.
"You're like a cat," Tony accused, tipping Steve's chin up to get his hair under the spray of water again.
lie - to Steve and to the rest of the team - and it wasn’t as if it was just a personal issue between them. Captain America was functionally Iron Man’s second-in-command, so it was Steve’s responsibility to confront the matter, but he didn’t have it in him to argue.
Tony lifted his head for a kiss, smiling when he pulled away. “You always seem to know what I need, Steve.”
"Only worried about what happens now." Steve shifted and cupped his hand at the back of Tony's neck, tugging him close for a kiss.
Within two weeks after the Daily Bugle Network’s first report on the stranger, they and the rest of the mainstream media had adopted the moniker of “The Captain” for their new vigilante. Armchair detectives on the Internet had theories aplenty, social media was rife with claims of sightings, and the only thing anyone could seem to agree on was that he didn’t ever seem to commit any
Natasha shrugged. She took back the music box and set it into the crate, carefully closing the lid again. “There are stories that Ludwig became obsessed with the idea of possessing Ascalon, and that he succeeded, only to be killed for his trouble. The circumstances of his death
Steve ran his hands down Tony's arms and circled his fingers around Tony's wrists, gently drawing his frantic touches away. Tony looked up at him with that same uncertainty as earlier, so Steve leaned in to kiss away the small frown from Tony's lips.
he thought they should do once they made it to a proper bed, and Tony came with a choked-off noise that was clearly meant to be louder and had just barely been restrained. Steve made a fleeting mental note to work on that next time, before he followed Tony into climax with a few more erratic thrusts, spilling messily between Tony's thighs.
“I’d like to join you on that adventure,” Steve said. Only a little tentatively, he reached out and took her hand. It was warm now, the chill from earlier driven away; her palms were soft and her fingers callused from hard work.
Like he had been summoned by Steve’s thoughts, Tony nudged open the bedroom door and stuck his head inside. Finding Steve, he stepped the rest of the way in and closed the door behind him, and padded over to sit on the bed next to Steve.
Tony's expression changed, as he seemed to decide on something. "Well, want to come back to my place?"
"They're here, and they're fine," Tony says. "Still in stasis. We woke you up because your unit was malfunctioning."
Steve got the strange, prickling feeling on the back of his neck, like he was being watched. He looked up, and over at Natasha. "What?"
I went!" Tony laughed, but it was brief, and his expression sobered quickly enough. "Of all things, my car broke down here. I was running short on cash ... I had this whole idea in my head that I was gonna get dragged back to responsibility, kicking and screaming, and - I don't know, after having a few weeks to myself to just
Tony would be lying if he said he hadn't sort of hoped for this when he came into the kitchen this morning. Maybe he wasn't literally hoping to be pressed up against the counter, springing a semi just from being kissed by Steve, but ... well, it was complicated.
By the time Steve met up with Iron Man again, there were no soldiers left on the other side who remained conscious. This was merely a smash-and-grab operation, a quick in and out to get what they were after, and there was no real need to clean up after themselves, but they wouldn’t want to be followed inside, so they dragged the half dozen men into the gatehouse, where Iron Man fused the lock shut, then turned their attention to their target.
Coulson gathered up his things and began to exit the conference room along with everyone else, but Agent Barton had lingered outside and waited for him, and now fell into step with Coulson down the hallway to his office.
“I can,” Tony admitted. “And I was thinking maybe it's time to bring in the others I saw in it, too. You ready to take a leap of faith and reveal yourself?”
"I don't know," Tony says, grinning as he straightens to his knees in bed, letting the covers slip away. "I was sort of hoping you'd be the one taking that role, here."
Steve sits up and rubs his hands over his face, stifling the sigh that comes bubbling up his throat. He isn't so naive as to have assumed all their problems would be solved after spending the night together, but he can't help feeling a bit betrayed that Tony left before they even had the chance to speak to each other.
"And you to me, Tony." Steve leans up and kisses Tony again. It's a good way to forget their troubles together for a little while longer.
Zemo's hand glints silver in the low light of the warehouse as he raises it to bear on Steve; a very familiar looking gauntlet, similar to one of those found on the Iron Man, encases his fingers.
It was a good thing, in fact, that Iron Man had brought him along, as they finally reached an area that was impassible by the armor, where it looked as if an explosive had collapsed a portion of the wall. Steve squeezed into a gap in the piled broken stones, and shimmied a few feet in before he called back, “It’s too deep for us to dig out. I can go ahead, grab the artifact.”
"Bravo Team made it back as well," Jarvis says, although he shifts with the words, side-eying Jim, who is quiet off to the side. "But I've got things to attend to. Rhodes will get you up to speed."
To Steve's surprise, Tony took to the indignity of being washed with little protest beyond the initial. Steve took his time in running his soapy hands over Tony's body, and eventually Tony warmed up to it and returned the favor, as he caught on to the fact that it was a great excuse for exploratory touches.
He was, however, going to blame the endorphins on the fact that, when Steve straightened and looked down at the mess of their clothes, he offered up his shower and a suggestion:
Tony leans toward Steve ever so slightly, and Steve has just begun to curve toward him, and Tony begins to believe this might be the end of Steve's cautious, reasonable, and completely inconvenient rule ...
Tony was undeterred, even with the objections he was clearly about to face. “You ever have an itch you can’t scratch?”
“Think about it,” Steve said. “Of all the things you’re wanted for, that anyone on the Squadron’s most wanted has done, has anyone ever committed murder? Are they really anything more than a nuisance to law enforcement?”
"I am assisting you in this because it's in my interest to see Madripoor freed of Hydra influence - a matter I have neither the time nor resources to see to myself," Namor says. "I'll take you there, but I wash my hands of you once you're ashore. We are no longer allies, Rogers. We simply share a common enemy, these days."
Behind him, Tony was making soft murmurs of his own, but his were real words, almost breathless little things that Steve would have missed if not for his enhanced hearing; Tony was rambling on about how hot Steve was, how gorgeous, how good, in such reverent detail that Steve began to feel warm from more than just Tony’s touches.
"'Night." Tony closes the door behind him, but doesn't bother locking it. A lock won't hold even another universe's Tony Stark, and the tower's security system will alert Tony if Anthony goes snooping, at any rate.
- but there was something so genuinely curious, captivated, and downright awed in Steve’s gaze that Tony nodded.
That actually brought a flush rising to Steve's cheeks. "Okay," he said. "You've made your point. I'm sorry I brought it up. I just suppose I've been more ... attuned to notice this sort of thing lately."
"I have been working in secrecy," Sternberg says. He walks further into the house, leading the way toward a staircase that descends to a lower level. "My project relies on it."
Steve was unsure what to say to that. Tony rarely spoke of his father, and even less of his childhood. Whenever Howard did come up in conversation, it was usually because Steve slipped and made some mention of a man he had only known as a friend, until learning - much to Steve’s dismay - that his old friend had gone on to be, by all accounts, an absentee father at best and an actively terrible one at worst.
There was something familiar about the man, and once Steve took the time to look past the scarf and hat he was wearing, it clicked in his brain: Tony Carbonell.
There is a certain appeal to the outlying areas of Madripoor, Steve thinks reluctantly. His artist's eye catches on the lush vegetation, the beautiful flowers, the unique architecture native to the small rural village outside Buccaneer Bay. Still, he doubts any of the thieves and war criminals come here for the orchids. Thinking of Tony Stark spending his self-imposed exile among this ilk is difficult.
Steve takes up a vigil in Tony's room while they wait for the cure to take effect, for better or for worse. Steve ends up gradually dozing off with his head resting on the bed at Tony's side, the exhausting day - exhausting
"Tony was the one to bring down von Strucker!" Steve protests, but his memories of the day are less than clear where Tony is concerned. The same day that von Strucker was arrested, Bucky died; Steve is ashamed to admit that he wasn't paying much attention to Tony that day.
The late afternoon is balmy when Steve steps out onto the balcony where Tony sits, watching the sunset. Tony turns and smiles up at him, looking far more at ease now that his ordeal is at an end. Steve can't say he blames him; he has some experience himself with being made into a brand new man, after all.
"Thanks." Tony reached for the cup, but didn't bring it to his lips; he was convinced that half the time, the usefulness of a cup of tea wasn't its contents so much as having something warm to hold.
“We saved the world,” Steve agreed, smiling softly back at him. “And you cooked, so I’m going to do dishes, then - hopefully - we can go to bed and get some rest.”
"His personality is very thorough," Coulson added. "He lives well, but modestly for a trust fund billionaire. He hasn't touched his trust fund, and he hasn't cashed a paycheck all semester, but he's financially solvent in other areas. He's the developer of a personal assistant application called JARVIS - for Just A Rather Very Intelligent Secretary - and the popular mobile phone game Tiny Robots."
The next morning dawned and Steve got up early. He went for his morning run, trying to keep his routine the same; he waved at some of the neighborhood moms as he ran past, and resolutely tried to ignore the way their eyes lingered.
Anthony tips his head back and smiles up at Tony, slow and seductive around a soft moan that Steve drags out of him, and
"I don't know," Tony says. "I should probably keep him down here under observation. What if he turns out to be from a universe where we're evil?"
Now was the tricky part: pretending that the Captain had just snuck aboard, that Steve and Tony had not known each other for weeks now. Steve was not a great actor, but he infused command into his voice as he asked, “What’s your endgame, Stark?”
Tony sits back on his heels, watching as Steve carefully slicks his fingers and uses them to work Anthony open, a digit at a time in a gradual stretch that Tony knows well from his own experiences. Tony interferes only once, to help Steve roll on the condom, then he settles in and watches again as Steve begins to slide inside. Steve doesn't stop until his hips are flush against Anthony's ass, a goal aided by the way Anthony presses back against him.
Tony found Director Fury to be the same charming gentleman he had been several years before. The head of SHIELD was unhappy that their timeline had been accelerated thanks to Stane's apparent desire to see Tony killed, while at the same time he seemed pleased that his people had moved things along so quickly.
"So, Cap," he said, pretending his voice wasn't as strained as it obviously was. "What did you want to talk about?"
“Not that kind of itch,” Tony said, and from the dark of the back of the jet, Steve could see him walk toward the computer terminal. “The kind that tells you something’s not right.”
The living room was a mess of shredded wrapping paper, packaging, mugs, and glasses. Steve picked his way around the room cleaning it all up, careful not to disturb the sleeping super spies. When he was finished, though, he
Though Steve still hadn't quite shaken the feeling of guilt he experienced every time he plunked down anywhere from five to ten dollars (depending on whether his sweet tooth demanded something from the pastry case as well) at one of these places, it still didn't stop him from going. Hot chocolate was good for the soul, especially when it was creamy and rich and had extra whipped cream on top, and it certainly helped lighten his mood for going back outside into the winter air and the holiday traffic.
Tony ran his fingers along the edge of the desk, but he couldn't bring himself to sit in the big chair behind it, instead sinking into one of the smaller ones across from it. He hunched forward with his elbows on his knees and dropped his head into his hands. For a moment, he regretted the decision to try to find some time for himself; being alone with his own thoughts was stifling.
Watching Anthony, spooned up against Steve's back, fucking Steve slowly and lazily, perfectly in tune with the languid feeling of the early morning, is even better than Tony would have imagined. He stays on his side in front of Steve, bracketing him in, offering soft kisses and watching the play of expressions over Steve's face.
This is the thing that Tony has been itching to ask about, of course, but it seemed rude to be the first one to bring it up before now. "So you two aren't ..."
Tony can imagine the softness of Steve's lips, the warm wetness of his tongue, as Steve takes Anthony into his mouth, and judging from the way Anthony's entire body jumps beneath Tony's touch, it seems safe to assume he's enjoying it just as much as Tony normally does.
"It's stupid," Tony says, reaching down to card his fingers through Steve's hair. "Just ... it's taken us so long to get here that the thought of a world where we're
It's amazing and it's almost too much, Tony could swear he's hallucinating this incredibly hot scenario where he gets to help Steve fuck himself, but there's no denying how grounded in reality they really are once Steve comes, his hips jerking upward as he loses his battle with holding still. Tony and Anthony are the ones who pause, then, easing down to slowly work Steve through his orgasm.
And like that, the tension is broken. Steve kisses his way down Tony's abdomen, lovingly brushing his lips over every little scar from Tony's days as a daring adventurer. He nips at Tony's hip, laves his tongue down the divot, relishes in the way that Tony arches and gasps beneath him.
The baron's arrogance, when Allied forces are perhaps moments away from taking the castle and liberating Tony, is baffling. Tony does feel a momentary worry, then; maybe von Strucker plans to take pleasure out of the eleventh hour destruction of an old enemy.
In 1940, Iron Man and Captain America were sent on their first assignment together. The mission was a great success, and they founded a working relationship based on mutual trust and admiration.
Tony blinked rapidly, a stunned expression on his face. It was the kind of look that, under other circumstances, might have had Steve reaching for his phone’s camera, to mark the occasion where he rendered Tony Stark speechless.
Natasha caught Steve looking and raised an eyebrow in his direction; Steve knew better than to look guilty, but he did hurriedly avert his gaze.
Steve goes quiet for a moment. "I thought you never cared about that," he says at last, finally allowing his hands to drop to his sides.
Tony nudged a glass into Steve’s hand and Steve accepted it and took a drink without paying much mind to the contents. It was lemonade, the sweet-acidic tang bursting over his tongue, not entirely expected after a rough day.
"Yeah, well." Tony shook his head. "He's a greedy, backstabbing, murdering liar who's spent the last twenty-five years getting rich off my father's name and a bunch of half-assed weapons that he double deals to terrorists. I only wish I'd listened to Fury the first time."
"It's okay," Tony says. He wonders if he should ask whether Anthony wants to talk about it, but Tony really should avoid getting any more tangled in the lives of their alternates than he already is. "But, look, I'm beat. I'm gonna head up to bed. Come on, I'll show you to your room."
Steve wasn't sure he could put a name to this thing growing between him and Tony, yet, but it was certainly one facet of the twenty-first century he was looking forward to learning more about. Still, he figured it couldn't hurt to keep surprising Tony, so he made sure to grab his handy-dandy StarkPad on his way back out of his room; even once Steve caught up to this day and age, he didn't see any reason he couldn't keep moving forward.
"Are you kidding?" Steve asked. "If you don't think that was sexy ..." He skimmed a hand down Tony's thigh, and back up again, to take him in hand.
Tony was quiet for a moment, eyes narrowed as he looked at Steve. "Let's see: Steve Rogers? Big, blond, up and moving around after getting shot and bleeding out on Mrs. Ennis' back lawn?"
Tony had only been casting about for another topic of conversation, and her reaction put him a little on edge. "Is this about to lead into a shovel talk?" he asked warily. "Because I'm not really -"
Tony is elbows-deep in the War Machine armor, working on a recalibration of the left leg servo motor when the doors to the workshop burst open and Steve strides inside. He's just the adorable but awkward Captain Rogers today, looking fetching in his Army green. Everyone in the damn complex knows who Steve is, of course, but it gives the brass some sort of relief to have him masquerade around in his Class A’s with the shiny S.S.R. pins on the lapels.
Steve drops his face into his hands and takes a deep breath, trying to pull himself together. Peggy is still staring at him, he knows, but the whistling of the kettle makes her turn away. When he looks up again, Peggy is setting the tea service on the table.
Steve shifted closer and put his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I know you felt you were doing the right thing. It ...
Tony has seen shock before, but never this close and personal, unless he was the one experiencing it.
Steve cleared his throat and closed the door, clearly determined to try again. "I brought you some aspirin."
"Carbonell - Stark - is a crucial enough player in this game that SHIELD will expect you to do whatever you can to earn his trust," Natasha said.
"I know," Natasha said, smiling serenely as she stepped away. "I was just giving you some strategic pointers."
Tony yelped in surprise as he was lifted off his feet, and he reflexively wound his arms around Steve's neck and his legs around Steve's waist. "Oh my God," he said, laughing nervously. "You are something else, Steve."
When Tony at last slid his fingers free, Steve groaned protest for the loss of contact, only for that sound to turn satisfied when the blunt pressure of Tony’s cock replaced it. Tony went slowly, so slowly, that Steve was gasping and trying not to tense up by the time he finally felt Tony’s hips flush against him.
"Well, back in your day, Cap, things moved a lot quicker," Clint said. "I know everyone thinks the future's too fast-paced for you, but covert ops have changed to a slow crawl compared to the stuff you used to do."
"Thank you," Anthony says, stepping into the room. He looks lost as he sits down on the edge of the bed, beside another neat stack of clothes that was probably left by Steve, pajamas this time. "Good night."
, but it's a strange sight just the same. The other Tony is a little different, hair a bit longer and goatee trimmed slightly off from his own, but his eyes are still blue, and his chest RT seems to function on similar technology, the light throbbing bare in the dimness of the workshop. Tony counts it lucky that neither of them were caught up in Madripoor's tech failure in
"I'm not saying I'm not angry," replied Tony. "Just ... eh, I strung you along pretty much the same way you did me, so ... glass house, pots and kettles throwing stones, there's a metaphor in there somewhere."
Cursing to himself and vowing to install a laundromat in the Tower, Tony jogged across the street and stopped outside the door, distracted and admiring the view as Steve bent down to stuff his laundry into one of the machines.
>My plans canceled. I'm sitting here with a lot of beer, movies, and Chinese food, if you're interested.
Tony bit his lower lip, a habit that Steve was beginning to find endearing. "Do you want to stay here tonight?"
. He slipped out of the bedroom and headed down the hall, giving everything a cursory glance as he went.
“Tony,” Steve said. “You always take good care of me. You made sure I wouldn’t get cold sleeping in the living room. You made me dinner.” It had not escaped Steve’s notice, after all, that Tony prepared enough food for two.
Steve flushed under her teasing words, but it was true. The old stars and stripes weren't exactly designed for subtlety, even though he'd gone on his share of stealth missions during the war. That sort of thing just meant success was linked to not getting caught; this required an entirely different sort of subterfuge.
Ultimately, Steve felt a bit better when Tony came first - not that it was a contest - as it was rather freeing to get to let go and follow immediately thereafter. He did his best
Steve sets down the glass and places his hands on Tony's shoulders. "This isn't what I imagined it would be like," he admits.
Tony’s laboratory is a cleaner and neater space than the workshop, devoted to research and development, where he frequently dissects captured Hydra technology and weapons.
Zemo's smile only widens. He grabs Steve's chin roughly, and jerks it up so that Steve is forced to look him in the eye. "Tony Stark has been dead for
. It seemed ... unfair, to him and to Tony. Even Natasha hadn't been able to guarantee Steve that it was one hundred percent possible to remain impartial and keep one's mind on the task at hand.
Bucky shrugs. “If it makes you feel better, I wasn’t trying to talk you out of maybe blowing yourself up.”
Steve was not quite sure when he dozed off, but he woke up sometime later with the disoriented feeling that always came with an unexpected nap. He was still sprawled on a chair in the communal living room of the penthouse, in his uniform and boots; all the others were gone, but someone had thoughtfully draped a blanket over Steve’s torso and removed the piece of his shield that had been strapped on his arm. Steve’s heart twinged at the sight of the broken fragment of his beloved shield that lay on the coffee table. He had never before considered that it would be possible to break the shield, but if Howard Stark had been capable of forging the vibranium alloy in the first place, then the opposite might be true. Steve resolved not to think of it just now; surely there was something Tony would be able to do to fix it.
Steve groaned, the loss of blood starting to get to even him at this rate. He slumped to his knees, and Tony went down with him, frantically seeking out and pressing his hands over the bullet wound.
"I had a message from Reed when I woke up," Tony answers. "He probably roamed back into the lab after we hung up with him last night."
Tony Stark did not go to war to make friends, so he has little intention of getting to know any of Phillips’ bunch too closely. Besides, getting to know them just makes it harder to lose them.
Well. That was fair. Steve could already tell, from Coulson's stories of Tony's reputation in the community, the way his students and coworkers all spoke fondly of him, and the Christmas party a couple of nights ago, that Tony was a generous sort of person. Steve felt bad, like he was going to be taking advantage. He glanced out into the living room where Natasha and Clint were still asleep, snoring softly, and made his decision.
Tony glances back to one of his monitors, feeling oddly uncomfortable watching a man who might as well be his clone, interacting with his ... interacting with
"I get it." Tony nudged Steve in the side with his knee. "Look, I'm sorry if I left you in suspense. I'm not too good with the whole feelings thing."
Steve woke to the feeling of someone shaking his shoulder. The motion jostled his head, sending a pain shooting straight from his neck to his skull. Steve groaned and opened his eyes to a blurry face hovering over him. “What ...”
She laughed, short, sharp, and obviously startled. Stared at his hand for a second, like it might bite, before she put hers in his and shook it. Her fingers were cold but her handshake was firm. “Natasha Stark. A pleasure to meet you.”
Steve scrambles out of bed to follow Tony to the en suite. He dampens a washcloth and offers it over; Tony takes it, but swats away Steve's attempts to look any closer.
Pepper closes her notebook, but keeps twiddling the pencil between her fingers. Coming up with ideas for
Shaken and confused, Steve crouches down beside the window and listens as the intruders finally charge into the lab.
Steve's stomach was growling again now, so he headed into the kitchen to make lunch and clean up from his breakfast. He put his phone on to charge after lunch, and settled back onto the couch, thrumming now with nervous energy. He wondered where Natasha was, and decided she probably wouldn't reappear before the party.
about him, and he was clearly a well-liked member of the community. Rumor spread quickly, especially in small groups; after a couple of hours at his party, Steve was very likely to know what Tony did on the side. People always seemed to like to talk about how others got where they were in life.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows. "With all due respect, sir, why is he of interest now? Why not twenty-five years ago?"
, though, inexplicably; it was the sort of contact Steve hadn't actively missed, but now that he felt it, he couldn't help enjoying it.
Tony had no intentions of stopping. He knew he was doing the right thing, even if he had to break the law to do it.
Crossing over from Lowtown to Hightown is like entering another country. The streets become well-paved, the shops and buildings kept up to a high standard of attractiveness, gleaming signs beckoning to the wealthy. The Sovereign Hotel is the largest and most luxurious of all the hotels in Hightown, and the prevalence of western travelers means that Steve is spared hardly a second glance as he slips through the lobby. Espionage work has never come easy to him - even if General Fury did once say he was amazing at bullshit - but Steve has learned, over the years, that simply moving like you have a purpose can be amazingly useful in keeping questions at bay.
Steve couldn't be offended by their banter, but he tried not to listen too closely to it, either, as he set about unpacking the tree. It was in two pieces that fit together to comprise the trunk, while the branches folded down; once it was in the stand, the very top reached about as high as Steve was tall. The tree was sort of ugly, the branches a bit too scrawny to mimic the real thing, but Steve felt optimistic about its potential.
Jarvis gave a quiet sigh of his own. "No, Anthony. I think you're more than capable of running your father's company. You're twice as clever and only half as cynical as your father was, not to speak ill of the dead."
When Tony Stark first meets Steve Rogers, it’s on move-in day for the Strategic Scientific Reserve. The S.S.R., under supervision of one grumpy Colonel Phillips and his inexplicably grumpier commanding officer, General Fury, has commandeered space in the complex devoted to Stark Labs’ temporary home in London. Tony himself pulled many strings to procure this space, and Fury and Phillips were all too happy to grab on to the ends and tow their people along. Underground real estate is scarce in London these days, of course, so it’s only somewhat grudgingly (and very compulsorily) that Tony gives up a sliver of it for the S.S.R.’s work.
Even with that taken into consideration, Tony still whined when Steve's fingers slipped free. He had his hands twisted up in the covers, chest heaving like he had just run a mile. Steve used less care in preparing himself, hastily rolling on a condom and slicking the remaining lube over it.
Tony must have tensed as soon as the subject was brought up, because Steve's hands went back to work trying to ease the tautness of his spine.
Tony's expression took on a searching appearance as he walked over to pat Dum-E somewhere just below the reindeer antlers. "Meeting my robot and original experiment into very rudimentary artificial intelligence and that's what you take away from what I just said?"
Finally moving at that urging, Tony shifts closer and lets Anthony reach up and grab his hip, drawing him in. Tony moans quietly as his cock slides past his alternate's lips, into the hot wetness of his mouth and over his tongue, and fuck, Tony has always thought he must give an excellent blow job but there's no way like
Steve was great, and his hands were warm, skimming under the hem of Tony’s shirt and up Tony’s back, around to brush over Tony’s sides, like Steve was trying to map him.
“Well,” Steve said, glancing around the dark surroundings of the base, then patting the couch cushions. “I’ve slept in worse places. We’ll make it work.”
Steve hangs his coat on the rack by the door, and exhales a sigh. "I just came from my meeting with Namor."
Tony blinked at the sudden stop, and remembered he had bothered neither to put on any clothes, nor to get under the covers. Trust Steve to have been balls deep in a guy, but still act like he had never unexpectedly seen a naked man before.
"If you're okay here," Steve says, "I'll go pick up the food order and come back. I could stand a shower, anyway."
Steve expects them to catch a cab, but when they leave the bar, Tony leads Steve down a few blocks instead, to a building that houses a busy restaurant on the first floor. The stairwell leading up to the second - then third - is cramped, and smells like stale frying oil.
Steve shook out his arms and stretched his legs, doing a quick assessment of the rest of his body. “Okay, except for the head,” he answered honestly. “And that’s fading already. Where are we?”
Tony parted his fingers to peek out between them at Steve. “You mean, besides the massive property damage and destruction?”
"You could have said something sooner," Steve complains, but he doesn't sound nearly as petulant as he is clearly trying for. He pulls out and gets to his feet, peeling the rest of the way out of his trousers and kicking them aside. "There. Is that better?"
Jim's laugh from next to him is hardly amused. "Yeah, well, let's just hope we don't find another one of your ex-girlfriends in this one."
Steve takes Tony's hand, and twines their fingers together. "I'm happy with just one house," he says, "but otherwise I like the sound of that."
"Wanna get some air?" Tony asked. His expression suggested he might have a little more in mind than air, maybe some things that didn't actively involve a lot of breathing.
"Tony, maybe we should let him get settled in a little first," Steve says, apparently more conscientious of Stark's nudity beneath the thin sheet Tony draped over him earlier than either of the Tonys are.
"Good." Tony gets to his feet. He looks neither worried nor relieved. "Extradition is something that simply isn't done in Madripoor, you see. You might have had to sling me over your shoulder and carry me back."
"Plus," Tony adds, "I think this unit is malfunctioning. The tech is unfamiliar to me, but the readings coming off it are inconsistent with the other three. It must have shorted out in the tech outage. At least, I hope this is the one that's busted and not the rest, because I'm not sure I could deal with some other universe's Thor freaking out and frying the Tower."
It continued on like that for a while, Tony being convinced to dawdle around a little longer in the suits each time; once or twice, he even donned a suit at Steve's request - "put on the suit" having garnered all new meaning from the first time Steve ever spoke the words to Tony - for the sole purpose of sex.
Steve pushes his way through the curtain that separates the front of the bar from the rest. In the dimly lit back room, a few tables are occupied: one, with old men playing high stakes cards, a couple more sporting couples in various stages of amorous intent. Steve takes a moment out to study them; two of the women and maybe one of the men are probably whores. None of them are the person he is looking for.
Tony's head feels like a close approximation to a split melon when he wakes up in the tiny infirmary aboard the dirigible.
sound like madness: if the Squadron were really heroes, they wouldn’t resort to wiping their enemies from reality.
perfectly aware, since it occurred to Tony a moment later that he'd been staring with his mouth hanging open.
Tony was exhausted and his feet hurt (he’d only worn a pair of flip-flops down to Steve’s apartment earlier) by the time he paused on a street corner to watch Steve enter the glow of an all-night laundromat.
There was a photo from the hospital on the front page of the newspaper the next morning, of Tony in the hospital, moments after hearing the news: hastily dressed, hair still wild from bed, in shoes without any socks. It ran along with harrowing images from the crash scene, and respectable black and white portraits of Howard and Maria Stark.
"Tony Carbonell is a fan of our war hero," Coulson said patiently. "I dare say Captain Rogers is his ... type."
Steve reminded himself, again, that Clint had been the one to get through to Tony earlier, the one whose conviction had convinced them to stand down.
"It's okay, sweetheart," Tony says, running a hand along Steve's spine, up between his shoulder blades to press him down into the pillows. "I'm going to take good care of you."
Steve places his palm against the front of the armor, and strokes his hand down over the smooth, burnished metal. There are still a few bullet dents - "From our last encounter," Tony explains. - that have yet to be hammered out, and Steve lets his fingertips dip into those.
"So," Barton said when he ducked inside after Coulson. "Why is Rogers being sent on this assignment instead of me?"
By the time the movie's protagonist stuffed a dead terrorist into an elevator, Natasha had abandoned the couch and wandered over to help Steve in hanging the ornaments. Clint joined in shortly thereafter, and admittedly none of them paid very much attention to the rest of the film as they got absorbed in the tree.
Iron Man set the box aside and turned to look at Steve. She was tall for a woman, and sitting down, they were nearly at eye level with each other.
Steve rested his hand on Tony’s stomach, hitching up the fabric of his recently straightened t-shirt. “You’re right. It is.” He paused. “And I suppose the fact that Spider-Man is currently the most likely candidate to receive it doesn’t hurt.”
“On the condition that they’re actually Halloween costumes,” Steve said. They stepped from the training room and headed down the hallway to the lift, and he pressed the button for the penthouse. “Not that I don’t trust you, but when Hawkeye wore my uniform, it took me hours to get the coffee stains out of my pants.”
Christmas Eve was fantastic. Natasha, Clint, and Steve all crowded into the kitchen and put their combined skills to use in cooking dinner, bumping elbows and jostling each other and - in Clint and Natasha's case - getting increasingly drunk on mulled wine.
Tony didn’t want this to end enough that he was beginning to think JARVIS hadn’t been all wrong to suggest telling Steve the truth.
"I have to say, Cap, Iron Man helmet and gauntlet? Good look for you," Tony said, as he set down on the armor's landing pad, while above them Thor guided the Avengejet down to something approaching its usual position in the tower.
Tony decides he needs to come up with something better to call his alternate, as awkward as that is.
Tony clears his throat and makes his footsteps louder than necessary to announce his presence. Anthony drops his hand from the tank like he's been burned, and abruptly turns to Tony.
“Oh.” Tony fell silent for a moment, a warm - and, he suspected, fuzzy - feeling growing in his chest.
The atmosphere of the quinjet was tense on the way home. In spite of a job well done - defeating Galactus, in a way that carried more weight and permanence this time, was no joke - they were all exhausted from a cross-dimensional jaunt followed by travel into deep space. Even Thor and the Hulk were quiet. Steve let Clint and Sam take over the controls (with the help of JARVIS) while he went to the back of the jet to check on Tony.
By the time the call disconnects, it's late, and Tony is yawning, the fact that he hasn't had a good night's sleep since before Madripoor finally catching up to him. He checks for Anthony, and finds the man has wandered off into the corner, where the other tanks - the other Avengers - are standing.
While some history program droned on in the background, Steve ate his cereal and tooled around on his cell phone, which was a bad habit he had come to adopt in the twenty-first century that seemed easily forgiven because everyone around him seemed to do it, too.
Steve sits up with a soft sigh, and scrubs his hands over his face. Peggy was right, she was absolutely right. Steve has lost all objectivity, but he can't believe that Tony, tired and broken and drowned in alcohol as he is, can possibly be involved in anything happening in Madripoor's underbelly right now. It's all incidental.
Before Steve could say anything further, the jet rocked with a blast. Undoubtedly one of the Squadron, in pursuit. They may have gotten their erstwhile team back together, but they had also made the entire group sitting ducks for capture and arrest — or worse.
Steve turned to look at Tony, smiling faintly; even at less than full brilliance, his smile caused an odd little pang in Tony's chest. Tony was conscious of the fact that they hardly knew each other, and might not even remain in contact once Steve's assignment was over, but Tony couldn't deny a growing affection for Steve that had nothing to do with his being - or having been - Captain America.
Tony smiles faintly, glad to hear Steve is still able to quip even at a time like this, even though he can tell that it is half-hearted, and probably more for Tony's benefit than Steve's own. Steve is far too invested in putting on a strong, brave face, in not wanting to be a burden to anyone. He doesn't understand that no matter what happened down in that castle, Tony can be the strong one right now, that he can do that for Steve.
“Alright, I’ll concede: that was in poor taste.” Tony strips off his gloves and tucks them into his tool belt. “What brings you here today, Captain?”
Tony laughed again, his chest loosening as the tight knot of tension inside him began to unfurl. He turned toward Steve and hooked a finger in the front of his uniform, dragging him down for another kiss, more meaningful this time. “So ... did I mention that Cap being my hero included a healthy dose of, ahh, adolescent admiration?”
"That doesn't sound like the Tony Stark I know," Steve says. He traces the smooth metal rim of the cover with his hand, and splays his fingers over the glass. "Since when have you played by the odds?"
Steve couldn't put his finger on why, but there was something sort of charming about Tony's straightforwardness. "Okay," he agreed, mentally reasoning away that it was the best option with his assignment in mind.
"He's not." Natasha placed a small notebook in her basket; the one Steve had been using was starting to get full. "You're refusing to see past the surface. Give him a chance. If you get to know him and you still don't like him, then I won't push the matter any further."
"Nope," said Tony. "Just gonna hang around here, catch up on my movies, work on a couple of personal projects."
Coulson took his coffee off the stand as soon as it finished brewing, and swapped out the pod for a fresh one. He plucked Barton's empty mug from his hands, and set another cup to brew for him, by way of apology or at least conciliatory gesture.
“That’s what I don’t know,” Steve said. He pushed up from the workbench and stepped over to look through their files on Iron Man. “All these years of criminal activity, and no one knows who he is?”
"Yeah. Thanks." Tony was, at that point, fairly certain that he had actually coaxed JARVIS into hitting the snooze button, and he was still sound asleep, lost in mixed-signal dreams of fantastic sex and weird domesticity with Captain America. He pinched himself, just to be sure; the spot on his forearm twinged, and reality didn't change around him.
Tony tugs Steve over to the side of the bed, and begins to slowly unbutton Steve's jacket. "Did I mention how much I enjoy a man in uniform, Captain?"
Steve spends the first hour of his morning in Lowtown, shaking down a few locals, which doesn't yield particularly satisfying results. With matters regarding Tony still weighing on his mind, and few other leads to go on, Steve decides to look up the address he found in Tony's suite. Tony's appointment might have been something as innocent as seeing his tailor for the fitting of a new suit, but Steve has a certain curiosity to satisfy, about what would drag a notoriously hungover, cranky Tony out of bed.
has plans for a uniform station for Steve, down here in his workshop - and steps closer to the pods. The glow of them reflects a distorted green off his face, like he might be on the other side of the glass; the thought doesn't sit well with Tony.
By the time he was on the road, Steve had just enough time to pick up the food order - Tony had texted him the name and address of his preferred place; as it turned out, Tony also placed and paid for the order ahead of time - and make it to Tony's house by the appointed hour.
"Of course," Steve says. He's much better at handling Anthony than Tony is, maybe thanks to years of experience in dealing with Tony himself. "We'd like your help in getting you home, but we understand if you need to take some time to get your bearings."
“Not intentionally,” Tony said, the hand on his face slowly sliding back into his lap. “What about you?”
"There, there," Jarvis said, patting Tony's back. "You've got a little while, yet. You can't do much of anything until you're eighteen, right?"
The Commandos split up for this mission; Dernier, Dugan, and Falworth with Tony and Jim, and Barnes and Jones with Steve. Tony personally thinks Steve could have used a little more support, but he insisted they would be fine with Jones as radio man and translator, and Steve is always confident with his best friend at his back.
Tony shrugs, walking up to stand at Steve's side again. "Could be she wanted to sell their DNA, but she wouldn't need to keep them alive for that. On the other hand, well ... speaking hypothetically here as a villain, you could do a lot with the right mind control device and a superhero under your control. Especially one like the Hulk, there."
Tony winced, tallying the damage in his head, as a repulsor blast fired outside the office door, followed by the sound of equipment being destroyed. Another clang -- that shield, again -- then glass shattering as JARVIS undoubtedly flew the armor away.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand, a sudden swell of emotion in his chest in spite of how relaxed the rest of his body felt. “Yeah, Tony?”
Though it was in their best interests for him to remain quiet, Tony couldn't quite bite back the curse that sprang to his lips.
Steve got to his feet, gathering the dishes, and Tony bustled around the kitchen while Steve did the washing up, putting things away and wiping down the counters. Steve wouldn’t have imagined, when they got the team back together all those months ago, that they might end up here. It was bizarrely domestic, and undeniably comfortable, even if Steve was washing dishes in his uniform.
“If that’s what it takes to make you blush,” Steve said, “then I’ll go up to the roof of the tower and sing your praises.”
Tony was hard, cock straining against the fabric of his briefs, and he moaned into the kiss with something that sounded like relief once Steve had his clothes out of the way. Everything was much better naked, of course; their hips slotted together and Steve’s hands came around to rest on Tony’s ass, encouraging the way that Tony rocked against him.
“Tell you what,” Tony says. “I think I heard the boys saying something about going out tonight ... how about we skip the revelry, stay in, and have a look at it together this evening?”
But Steve Rogers wasn't most of the world, and since the Avengers had moved in to Stark Tower, Tony's own personal dress code around the place seemed to be limited to jeans and t-shirts. Even when he and Steve started dating, Tony kept it casual, doing little more than tossing on a button-down and a nice jacket with his jeans. On the rare occasion that he did venture out in a suit, Tony always practically stripped out of it and reappeared in greasy garage wear within thirty seconds of arriving back home.
Any urge Steve might have had to panic was soothed by the fact that he had already been through this line of questioning a few times this evening, by different people, and all the answers he practiced with Natasha came much more naturally after repeating them a few times.
In spite of the warmth and distraction of the moment, Steve still heard the whistle that he knew would precede a loud
"Doesn't it feel a little ... dishonest?" Steve pointed out. "If he gets to know and trust me as Steve Larsen and you as Natalie Rushman, then he finds out who we really are, do they think he's really going to want to work with us?"
curious as to the whereabouts of Tony Stark. He looked at the local newspaper while waiting for a mechanic to service the car, circled a few things he felt he might be qualified for - enjoying the novelty of a normal person's job - and decided this little town wouldn't be a bad place to get lost in for a while.
"Be hounded by the press for the rest of my natural life," Tony added, when Steve looked up. "Jump through hoops to prove I am really who I say I am."
Now that Steve knew the arc reactor was there, he always made a point to get a hand under Tony’s shirt and touch it, even when the rest of their clothes didn’t come off. It was oddly reassuring, which Tony was sure was Steve’s intention - not that he had a lot of energy to think about it at the moment, as Steve slid inside him.
Everything is ostensibly over; the Hydra agents have been rounded up, Madame Hydra has been arrested, and Agent Drew is in with Agent Carter for debriefing. No one tried to invite Steve along; even General Fury's usual scowl softened upon looking at Steve, when he showed up with SHIELD's specialist a little while ago.
"Come on, punk," he says. "Let's go see if there's any coffee. If I've got to drink another cup of tea, I'm gonna skip it and go straight to whiskey."
"If everything goes according to plan," Natasha said, "when this is over, Stark will go back to his life and you'll go back to yours, and you'll never need to see him again." Her expression softened. "That ...
By virtue of working in a building where the Fantastic Four lived and worked, the civilians inside knew better than to test fate; they were dispersing like the ants in a scattered hill, moving away from the danger in a surprisingly orderly fashion.
It was obvious to Steve, now, that it was ridiculous of him to feel jealous of whatever bond Tony shared with the outlaw known as Star Lord. Trust was as important here as it had been on the battlefield, and there was no reason for Steve to doubt
his supervising agent they were talking about. Steve had been happy to sign Agent Coulson's trading cards, but that was about as far as it went; they'd settled into a nice, friendly but professional working relationship since then.
"You're so thoughtful," Tony says, accepting the clothes. He sets them on the foot of the lab table for later, and turns to offer Steve a kiss. "He's coming out of it into a normal sleep, but I think we have time for dinner before he wakes up."
At SHIELD's Manhattan headquarters, many of the offices stood empty, much of the lower ranking support personnel having already taken off for the holidays. Steve and Natasha filtered into the conference room, where they found Phil Coulson waiting with another agent, Clint Barton.
"Thanks." Tony headed toward his car. "You aren't half bad yourself, Steve. I have to admit, out of everyone I could've asked to go with me tonight, you're by far the best looking."
Steve throws up a hand to protect his face as the surge of energy explodes out. It hits the floor near Madame Hydra's feet and the concussion throws her back several feet, where she lands on her back in a sprawl and lies still. Dead or unconscious, Steve is selfishly unconcerned with her, as across from him Tony crumples to the floor.
Baron Wilhelm von Strucker's castle - and base of operations - is exactly the charming sort of place Tony would have expected out of such an upstanding Hydra official. Perched on a mountain, it is not only difficult to reach, but cold and drafty. Everything looks gray in the bleak colorlessness of the late winter sky. It's a damn unpleasant day for a raid, though Tony wouldn't exactly have wished for spring flowers, either.
Steve stands up and Tony quietly, reverently strips Steve from his battle dress, and gets him a pair of pajamas to change into.
“Steve,” she said. There was an odd note in her voice, something straddling a fine line between caution and encouragement. “I’m not some damsel you get to romance now because you know I’m a woman.”
Spending time with Steve was amazing, and finding ways to relax with him - especially like this - even better. Tony was not, in spite of some people’s ideas of the complexes he must possess, strictly prone to the fear of failure, but he
Steve was relieved that Natasha would be accompanying him, at least. He had proposed a backstory of the two of them being involved, maybe even married, as a cover for knowing each other, but Coulson had vetoed that rather soundly, for reasons Steve didn't comprehend. They had agreed the two of them could rent a house together, though, for the sake of cutting costs; they appeared to be just two young professionals not long out of college, after all.
"I was actually born with a bad heart," Tony admits. "My father innovated this technology when I was a kid. The repulsor pump. It was ... primitive. I've improved it over the years with Jarvis' help."
“Good idea,” Tony said. He burrowed in against Steve, shamelessly leaching warmth. “I’m disappointed in us for not paying more attention to what he gets up to in his free time.”
The full force of Tony’s focus and attention was intense, and he plied at Steve for what felt like ages, first one finger and then two, gently twisting and thrusting, finally curling until the tips of them pressed against Steve’s prostate and sent sparks flying off behind his eyelids. It was impossible to remain quiet then, and Steve was failing to see the
Namor scoffs. "I owed Stark a debt, much as I owe one to you. I agreed to transport him to Madripoor, but I didn't ask questions. I wouldn't be surprised if he has since run afoul of these Hydra operatives."
It's a testament to how little Steve is paying attention that he didn't even hear her enter the room.
Steve realized he was developing a bit of a fixation the first time he got a peek inside Tony's closet, while Tony was in the bathroom trimming his beard. Tony had left his chosen suit out, but asked Steve to go retrieve him a tie; it was when Tony came out to question how long Steve had taken - was he having trouble finding the one? - that Steve got caught gawking and flushed furiously.
"That's my five dollar word of the day," said Tony, as he wriggled himself beneath the sheets. "You like it?"
Once it was less than half an hour to midnight, people began circulating through the crowd with glasses of champagne for the midnight toast, and one of their hosts was passing out noisemakers. Tony had already put on a pair of ridiculous glasses with frames in the shape of '2013,' while Steve accepted a dubious piece of headgear that looked like a tophat.
Steve looked down at his plate, frowning. "He invited me to a New Year's Eve party," he said. "I can't tell if he trusts me all that much, or if he's just friendly. I can't imagine he's gotten this far on his own by taking everyone at face value."
Obadiah's hand landed, warm and strong, on Tony's shoulder, as he promised to help Tony get through this.
It occurs to Steve how that sounds as soon as he sees Tony's face darken. Something in Tony's blue eyes grows sharp, and he goes on the attack.
to go to a three o'clock meeting," he said, trying to keep it casual, but his voice was ever so slightly hoarse, and his mouth still looked far too well-fucked for Tony to think he could get away with looking anything but.
Tony slid his hands into Steve's hair, and tried not to feel guilty for the fact that he was just lying back and letting Steve do all the work. It was hard to hang on to any kind of negative feelings when Steve's tongue was doing such amazing things, at any rate. Tony thought he might be on the verge of forgetting his own name once Steve began to bob his head in a steady, unrelenting pace, and thoughts were gone entirely after slipped his hand down between Tony's legs and palmed at his balls.
Steve sighed, a full-body motion that set the ice rattling in the glass he held. “It’s nothing in particular. Just a long ... however long that actually was.”
"Steve," she said. "You're very ... genuine. I don't mean that in an old fashioned way, I just mean that you're sincere, even when you're being stubborn or belligerent. It gets through to people."
(yet) - Tony never just invited himself into Steve's personal space, always waiting to follow Steve's lead. Steve appreciated it, in a way, just as much as he railed against it; Tony ribbed him in so many other ways about being out of touch, and the inequality seemed wrong somehow.
Neurotically, Steve thought he was probably considering it too hard, made paranoid both by Tony's interest and Natasha's insight the night before.
Iron Man went after Stark Industries ever so often, to throw SHIELD and the Squadron Supreme off the scent, and it helped Tony’s cover that to date, his civilian persona had been victim to various other villains. Black Widow stole some pieces he had on loan to a museum, Hawkeye had driven off in one of Tony’s cars, and Tony’s own personal bank accounts lost tens of thousands of dollars some months ago to the hacker, Falcon. Thor probably didn’t know it, but Tony also owned stock in the oil company with which Thor had recently taken up such a beef.
Steve put his head down on the windowsill and wondered - certainly not for the first time, and probably not for the last - exactly what he was getting himself into.
Steve felt they were far beyond feeling shy about him sitting on a bed with her, no matter what rules society suggested they should adhere to.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said. "Steve can come back and play with you later." He plucked the bag of food from Steve's hand, and inhaled deeply. "Ahh, just in time. I am starving. Rhodey is missing out - more for us."
"You're the one who came all this way," Tony says. "Do you mean to tell me you don't want to fuck as much as possible?"
Tony shrugged, swallowed his bite of doughnut and slurped at his coffee. "Nah, just the party. You know, the one you're missing out on?"
"I'll make sure the place is secure," she said. "And I'll bring Steve's car back when I leave. Yours is ... not exactly great for keeping a low profile."
"It seems like a lot of trouble," Steve said doubtfully. "A lot of resources to expend, just to keep an eye on someone who's already set on staying out of the way."
Pepper sighs. "I'd like to think that, Steve. I really would. But would it kill him to drop us a postcard?"
"Nah, it's okay," Tony said. "So, uh ... I noticed you had someone with you earlier - I'm guessing she must have been your plus one, since I didn't recognize her."
"I'm trying on this new thing," Tony said, pouring himself a cup of coffee. "Being a responsible and engaged team leader."
"Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world," Tony says, his voice low and a little slurred. "He walks into mine."
Catching the hand that Tony has in his hair, Steve brings it to his lips and presses a kiss to Tony's knuckles. "We're together
Steve muffled a louder noise against the pillows when his cock was freed to brush against the soft sheets. He reached for the bedside table, nearly pulling the drawer off its track in his search for lube and a condom.
When Steve arrives back at the Sovereign, the suite is empty and Steve is grateful that he took a key with him on his way out. It looks as if housekeeping has been in and tidied up the place, but a note on the desk bears Tony's scrawl:
Steve crumples the note in his hand and tries to concentrate on the sound of crinkling paper, not on the sick feeling churning in his stomach. He just watched a man die - he spent half an hour in the first public washroom he could find trying to wash the blood off his hands before he came back to the hotel - and can't help drawing a correlation between Tony's absence and the conversation of the Hydra agents.
Tony laughs, soft and more carefree than he's sounded since Steve's arrival in Madripoor. "Don't," he says. "I want to come inside you."
"Assistant Principal Coulson seemed way too serious for that when I met him," Steve said, figuring it was safe to give away prior knowledge of his future boss. After all, Steve's false identity had to get hired somehow, right?
“Just ...” Steve said, not wanting to upset the moment but needing to get it out, “next time I have an idea you think is bad or unnecessary,
"This is May," she said, lifting her hand to activate the comm in her ear as she scanned her surroundings, eyes lighting on Steve and Tony. "Scene is secure, but we need a med evac. Librarian's down."
Steve closes the distance between Anthony and himself, and leans down, brushing his lips against Anthony's in a soft kiss. Tony spends a moment simply watching; there's something sweet about the way Steve handles a lover, and Tony has certainly experienced it himself, but it's another thing entirely to be on the outside looking in, even if he technically isn't
In other ways, though, Anthony seems softer, almost younger, even though he and Tony are of an age. The earlier death of Howard seems to have something to do with that, though in touching on the big subjects in their game of differences with each other, Tony also learns that the war sparked by the Superhuman Registration Act played out differently in Anthony's world. He and his Steve fought, but they reached a compromise before things went too far. Steve never died, he just received a promotion. Anthony never became Director of SHIELD, never was disgraced by Norman Osborn, and consequently, never lost his memories. The Skrull invasion was over almost before it began, thanks to a united front of superheroes to bring it down.
The new command center takes the largest space in the facility, next to the storage bay and hangar for the armors and the dirigible. While Tony has run several missions for General Fury, he is not, in the strictest sense, interested in the spirit of collaboration with the S.S.R., due in no small part to the fact that Colonel Phillips is the sort of no-nonsense soldier who tends to think of Tony as being useful only to the extent that his genius and wealth can benefit the Reserve.
They lazily dropped back into bed after they'd dried off, actually bothering to pull back the covers this time. Steve tugged the comforter up over them, and took Tony into his arms, feeling cozy and warm even though outside, it had begun to snow again.
Tony holds up the hand that Steve just released. "If you're going to say, 'doing his duty' or 'looking out for the welfare of the American people,' then you can save it, kid."
By the time he finishes reading it, Tony feels the first trickle of blood from his nose, and is sorry he won't be here to make any of that come true.
"The cure to what?" Steve asks. Sternberg slumps, and Steve shakes his shoulder. "Dr. Sternberg? Doctor?"
One of them crouches down among the broken glass and spends a moment examining the label on a few different broken vials.
"Thank you, Tony." Steve hesitates for a moment, then he pushes up on his toes - shorter than Tony, with Tony in the armor - and presses their lips together.
The front of the Iron Man suit opened up at Tony’s command, ejecting Tony onto the floor on his hands and knees. A split second later, the suit came to life with the eerie red glow through the faceplate that signified JARVIS taking control.
"Less like I got shot and more like I've had someone digging their fingers around in my internal organs," Steve complained.
Steve greases the driver's palm with a generous tip to avoid becoming the subject of future gossip, himself, and steps out of the car. His destination is only a few blocks away, and now he does have to shoulder his way more forcefully past pickpockets and panhandlers.
Steve has not gotten any further than simply removing his helmet, which he still holds in his hands, head bowed as he looks down at it, thumbs tracing over the wings on the sides.
The man who had flown through the glass slumped across the snowy ground, and began to groggily shake his head as he looked around. The gun he had probably been holding before he landed was lying a few feet away, and he started moving toward it with a groan of pain.
“Which is exactly why he needs to be stopped,” Steve said. He reached for Tony’s hand, and the look on his face was so earnest that Tony really did want to be sick. Steve
"Hmm?" Steve asked, preoccupied in his own right with working his fingertips deeper, pressing them against Tony's prostate.
as Natasha did, and Steve found himself less on the defensive as he answered, "Wasn't much of a date. We just watched movies."
Steve was a wonderful kisser, a little bit shy at first but always confident and sure once he found his bearings. He seemed to know instinctively when to break for air, and where to put his hands, or how to tilt his head for the best angle, and Tony always felt dazed in the best of ways when it was over. He knew, objectively, that it was the endorphins, the dopamine and oxytocin leaving him happy and pliant, but he didn’t care about the why of it, exactly.
Tony isn't sure what to do with this strangely demure version of himself, and even less so after Steve leans down - clearly not thinking, or simply unconcerned with their privacy in front of this alternate who won't be hanging around - and kisses Tony on the cheek. Anthony's eyes widen and he quickly looks away.
When Steve woke again, he was tucked into bed in a private hospital room, and the pain in his side felt like a minor twinge of inconvenience. Natasha was sitting by the bed, typing away on her phone; she looked up when Steve moved, and leaned over to look at him.
Tony's blue eyes are still tired and heavy lidded, but the little smile he gives back is the most beautiful thing Steve has ever seen.
Enough that, one night, as they were basking in the afterglow of a couple of amazing blowies, Steve rested his hand on Tony’s abdomen, rucking up the sweat-damp fabric of his shirt, and asked the blunt question: “Why don’t you ever get undressed?”
“Just some scribbles,” Tony said, trying for a dismissive attitude he really didn’t feel. He sat down on the edge of the bed, resisting the urge to reach down and snatch the papers from Steve’s hand. “Stuff I’ve held onto way too long. I should just throw it out.”
for Tony, then, for the betrayal he could see written on Tony's face, no matter how hard he was obviously trying to hide it. "I'm sorry."
Tony took it, and slipped the small device into the pocket of his jacket. "Tell me you at least finished watching
Steve passes him on the way to the sink with a stack of dirty dishes, and pauses to kiss Tony on the cheek. Understanding now that Steve clearly just doesn't mind these displays in front of Anthony, Tony turns his head for a quick peck on the lips, then heads for the elevator.
They crashed onto the frozen ground with a thud, sending up a puff of powdery snow as the first of the fireworks went off overhead.
"SHIELD is only paramilitary," Steve answers, his lips curving in a smile against Tony's skin as he leans in for another kiss. He loves arguing with Tony, especially when he can make Tony lose his train of thought.
"I'm so pushy," Tony says, trying to sound affronted even as he gives in to the demand and rocks his hips forward.
Steve couldn't even bring himself to be offended. Spying was code words and phrases and sneaking out encrypted messages in sheet music back in his day, not becoming a whole other person, and he knew he didn't excel at it. His memory was good, at least, so he didn't think he would have a problem keeping his details straight.
Steve clenches his fists at his sides and reminds himself, with a slow and deep breath, that he is here to help Tony, no matter how infuriating the man insists on making himself. He knows Tony's tricks, his strategy, the way that he immediately goes on the offensive, trying to push people away before they have the chance to simply leave.
"I'm pleased to have taken this opportunity to forever shatter any respectable images you might have otherwise had of your coworkers," Tony said cheerfully.
"For what?" Tony asked. He raised his eyebrows pointedly. "You took a bullet for me. I should be thanking you for saving my life."
. The last remaining sphere zipped around the perimeter of its boundaries, then shot forward with a sudden burst of speed; Tony ducked down low, pushing up with the shield to pummel the sphere mid-flight, and came to land on his knees as the sphere spiraled up and crashed into the ceiling in a small plume of smoke.
Tony offered Steve a small, tentative smile. He spent a moment probably turning the words over in his head - Steve could practically see the gears turning - before he said, “The last few days have been really rough.”
Steve hesitated, unsure; they had only ever shared a bed after sex, and that only recently, but Tony asked, and Steve had a hard time saying no. He climbed into bed next to Tony and settled in, closing his eyes.
"I wanted to see you," Steve says honestly. "Even if I weren't here on assignment, if I'd found out you were here, I would've come anyway."
"The secrecy sounds like a lot of trouble for no reason," Namor says. "Do you really think no one will recognize you just because there's no 'A' on your forehead?"
Tony closed the door behind him and walked over to the bed, where Steve had settled onto the edge. "Penny for your thoughts?" he asked.
When Tony leaned down and kissed him, Steve tried to respond, but it came out disappointingly halfhearted and Tony pulled back, raising an eyebrow.
All the news outlets immediately launched into speculation of whether Tony Stark, seventeen year old, spoiled rotten genius, was going to prove capable of running the massive Stark Industries empire. Stock prices fluctuated while rumors flew that Tony had been high in that picture from the emergency room, when his parents had yet to even be put in the ground.
Steve tries to remain still, even while practically vibrating with anticipation, while Tony begins to move. It's slow going at first, shallow thrusts, and in spite of Steve's impatience he knows it's for the best; Tony does take very good care of Steve, and in this case he almost certainly knows better.
“If it was dangerous,” Tony says, “the Nazis wouldn’t be carrying it around on a submarine, would they?”
Von Strucker straddles Tony's lap and gets a firm grip on his chin, and holds Tony's head still while he depresses the plunger, letting its poisonous contents burn through Tony's veins.
, Steve thought, holding the thought fast in his mind — stumbled from the ship while Thor retrieved the Hulk and brought him back to solid ground.
"Don't worry," Tony said when he pulled away. He glanced toward the window, which was nearly whited out by the snow outside. "I think I've got another day or two to come up with a game plan."
“And I’ll tuck you into bed,” Steve countered as they headed toward the en suite - a quick reminder that they could take care of each other.
"Well, good," Tony said. "Because you look a little young to be the mother of a ninety-five year old man."
Steve's life at the onset of 2013 was, therefore, full of new and alarming experiences, like getting to know what it felt like to be fully conscious while a surgeon dug a bullet out of an already healing wound. He got so far as grouchily suggesting maybe it would be better if they just left it
Steve smiled at that, and took up a slow rhythm with his fingers, slowly drawing them out before thrusting back in again, gradually tucking in a third with the first two. Once Steve did that, Tony was half gone already, stretched tight around Steve's fingers and nearly begging for it as he worked his hips back against the touch, fucking himself on Steve's hand.
“Of course not.” Tony waved a hand dismissively. “It’ll have a fancier name for a useless prop ... and a reputation of being the only weapon strong enough to take out Hyperion, which should be good enough to attract Thor or the Hulk - or, if we’re lucky, both.”
"And, of course," Tony said, with a humorless laugh, "he told me not to worry about it. To keep doing what I was doing. Assured me the company was in good hands and he could give me access to my trust fund if I needed it. He had me convinced he wanted me to do what made me happy."
Picking up Falcon and Hawkeye was easy. Thor, Hulk, and Black Widow took the bait just as Tony expected, too. Everything about the plan was going seamlessly, even with Hyperion’s appearance.
Natasha returned the hug with a strong embrace of her own. "Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do."
Steve has been conscientious not to bother Namor on the journey so far, not that it has been difficult to stick to that, as Namor has made himself scarce.
Steve resolutely turned away, trying not to eavesdrop. The rest of the team didn’t seem to be paying attention, but it was hard for Steve not to
"Stark was grabbed outside the hotel this morning, right before you got back," Agent Drew says grimly. "Hydra has him now."
The first touch of Steve's hands, to each of his feet, sent an anticipatory shiver running down Tony's spine. Steve's touch was careful, the pressure that he applied to the arches of Tony's feet gentle but firm. Tony was a sucker for a foot rub, like anyone with a job that had them on their feet a lot, and Steve was good at it, his big hands more precise and skilled than his appearance would let on.
Coming down the ramp behind Tony, last off the jet, Steve frowned. He wanted to point out that Tony would likely feel much better with food - using any kind of superpowers took a lot out of a person, no matter where those powers came from - but he didn’t want to mother hen. He would just make sure to gently suggest a slice or two once the pizza arrived; smelling food usually made the idea of having any a lot more appealing.
Steve often chided Tony about relying too heavily on the armor, telling him that he should consider a better diet and regular exercise; more often than not, Tony begged off on their sparring sessions by claiming he had so much work to do. And, to be fair, he usually did, because otherwise it would take quite a lot to convince him he had something better to do than watch Steve get all hot and sweaty while they tossed each other around.
Tony Stark sits with his back turned toward Steve all the while, fingertips idly dancing over the ivories in a faux jaunty tune. A cigarette smolders away in the crystal ashtray to his right, next to a tumbler of whiskey. The good stuff. Neat.
Namor waves, dismissive. "To be perfectly honest, Rogers," he says, "I thought you'd heard and that was why you summoned me here. But I suppose if that were the case, you would have brought the woman with you."
Tony sighs. "I can't believe that Hydra is still a problem. They should have been wiped out at the end of the war."
"We should." Tony drags over a stepladder and climbs up the first two steps, to get a better look at the control panel on top of the tank. Then he pauses, laughing softly to himself. "You know, I didn't think you'd take me at my word on that."
As a gesture of goodwill, since Clint was apparently unhappy to have been excluded from the mission, Steve gave Clint the honors of topping the tree with the star.
Steve did sit up then, ignoring the woman’s protests that he should lie back down. Across the small clearing, the Iron Man armor was inert, in pieces, really. Steve’s eyes snapped back to the woman, and he gave her a second look. She was shivering, too, not at all dressed for the weather in a white shirt and pair of drab chinos, a jacket in the same dull shade providing what little warmth it could offer. Complete with the sturdy boots that ran up her calves, and the compass hanging on her belt, it seemed like just the sort of outfit Tony Edwards would ...
It was less the answer and more the shrug that accompanied it that rubbed Steve the wrong way. He pressed his lips together to subdue a frown and said, “Tony, we’re supposed to be in this together.”
“I understand why you didn’t tell me, even if I don’t agree,” Steve said. “I’m sorry if I overreacted. It was just ... for a moment there, until Sam figured out what happened, I thought I would never see you again.”
Tony snorted softly, waving a hand in a flailing fashion that narrowly missed clipping Steve on the chin. “So, what, you think there’s a world where we’re all good guys?”
Rhodey helped out, taking cash and quietly buying a car for Tony to drive. It was the oldest, ugliest car Tony had ever driven - even though it was only five years old and not
And, alright, maybe doing this in the kitchen was pretty far from being as romantic as Steve would have liked to be right now, but little in their relationship had been conventional, and it suited them well enough, didn’t it?
Natasha and Steve were watching Tony as he spoke, but neither of them interrupted. He took a breath and went on.
“Who ...” he began, then paused, worry for his partner surfacing to the forefront of his addled mind. “Iron Man?”
Tony's expression goes unreadable, but he leans in to press their lips together again. He settles himself over Steve and eases a leg between Steve's thighs. Tony's cock is a hard length pressed against Steve's hip, and it only takes a few moments of not quite awkward fumbling before they are moving together.
“Well,” Tony said, a laugh in his voice, “last time we saw each other, I hadn’t done time as the Herald of Galactus, either.”
Steve laughs softly, allowing Bucky to lead him off with a hand clapped on his back; he glances shyly back at Tony, and Tony smiles in return before Steve gets out of sight.
Above Iron Man's head, there was a sharp clanging noise as Cap's shield flew and bashed into the Krampus' head. The thing didn't even budge.
Tony returned the smile, and that made everything seem brighter, the way it lit up his entire face. “Now come on, I’ll wash your back.”
"So," Anthony asks, once he's popped the last bite of syrupy pancakes into his mouth. "What's on the agenda for today?"
Steve planted his free hand against Tony's back, just between his shoulder blades, keeping him from squirming around. Tony assumed he might have hated being pinned down in such a way, but Steve's casual display of strength - something Steve had only been convinced to use in the bedroom after quite a lot of coaxing - just made him feel impossibly more aroused.
Steve blinked his confusion, and cast a glance around the hallway. There were footsteps coming, maybe Sam on the way to his room, so Steve reached past Tony and opened the door to his own bedroom, ushering Tony inside.
Once he settles in behind Anthony, Tony moves slowly in pressing inside, and it isn't hard to take his time; it's an amazingly tight fit, Anthony stretching around him while at the same time Steve's cock is hard against Tony's own. Steve feels more tense than either Anthony or Tony, his thighs rigid with the effort of not moving, and once Tony finally has his hips flush against Anthony's ass, they're all breathing hard from the intensity of it all.
And while he was definitely interested in finding out, he was understandably, forgivably distracted by the feel of Steve’s hand, warm skin and callused fingers, giving a first tentative touch to Tony’s own bare skin, as it slid inside his briefs.
Steve found his way into a quieter corner, sat down, and - after a moment's consideration - pulled out his phone to resume his game of Tiny Robots.
Tony seems determined to make this worth their wait, dragging things out as he adds a second finger and stretches both slowly, gradually working Steve open, until Steve is a panting, writhing mess beneath him.
long before he became Captain America, so it had been a surprise to him to discover that Tony Edwards was, to some extent,
"No." Steve shook his head, looking up to smile at Tony. "I mean, it sort of did before a few minutes ago," he admitted.
you, Stark," von Strucker says. "Not in so many words. I have a much more fitting end in mind for you."
Steve waited to see her out of the house before he finally uprooted his feet from the floor and headed down the hallway to his own bedroom.
This time, though, Tony settles back onto his heels and pulls Anthony into his lap, and once they've found something close to a rhythm, Steve reaches up and circles a large hand around Anthony's cock, stroking him in time.
As Tony strained his ears to listen, there was the sound of footsteps, boots crunching on broken glass, then the office door opened and a man’s bulk filled the doorway. Tony was in a good place to look innocent, ducked under his desk and appearing for all the world as if he were hiding from the commotion.
Tony shrugs. "As long as I don't show my face so that it looks like I'm in two places at once, I think we're safe."
to lose himself in it, but his mind keeps drifting back to the things that are sticking in his brain, until the words just sort of slip out: "Why wouldn't I even
"The teaching credentials, I earned on my own, though," Tony added, with a hint of pride in his voice.
Tony doesn't regain consciousness, so after an emergency phone call back to Pepper - who contacts Tony's lawyer, and rouses both Jarvis, somewhere in California, and Jim, somewhere in Paris, for their input - Steve reaches the decision that Tony would like the slim odds of Dr. Sternberg's mysterious cure better than none at all.
"I'm sorry," she says, and opens her mouth to say more, but someone else walks into the kitchen before Peggy has a chance.
A born cynic, Tony suspects their adoring public would be far less thrilled if they knew what Steve Rogers and Tony Stark got up to behind the scenes, but that's their little secret to keep.
“Surprising no one has found me out before now,” she said dryly. “Maybe it’s symptomatic of the same condition that has people believing their resident six-foot-four, two hundred-and-fifty pound private is really on potato-peeling duty.”
Steve came down at some point while they were on the call with Reed, not disturbing them, but leaving coffee and a note letting Tony know which room he had prepped for Anthony. Not many of the Avengers share each floor, and Tony's personal space takes up so much of his floor that it has quarters only for himself, Steve, and a couple of spare rooms that are occasionally taken up by Rhodey or a few interim team members who do not live in the tower but sometimes need a place to crash.
turn of events; he just laughs softly when Tony breaks away from the kiss. "I was wondering how long it would take for you two to get pushy," he says.
When Tony finally opens the door and steps into his cabin, he isn't surprised to find Steve there. Steve rarely goes to his own quarters these days, preferring to bunk with Tony when they can get away with it.
Tony was fairly quiet on the ride over to the house being rented by Steven Larsen and Natalie Rushman, and Steve wondered for a while if Tony was having second thoughts, but once they got inside and stomped the snow off their shoes, Tony made a bee-line for the living room.
"It is," Steve insists, shaking his head. "I should have been more careful. I should have watched my own back."
The house came furnished, though he and Natasha had spent some time the day before making it look more personal. Steve had a few photos sitting around, though they were all modern, nothing that would give him away, along with one manipulated shot of himself in modern Army uniform, against a desert backdrop with several soldiers he didn't actually recognize. He supposed, if anyone ever saw it and questioned him about it, he would have to make something up.
Steve went back to the desk and rummaged through his messenger bag - part of the wardrobe he purchased on Natasha's advice, and actually pretty useful - before producing the remote and handing it to Tony.
Steve leans in to the touch, slides right off the bed in order to practically sit on Tony's lap. He hugs Tony tightly, fiercely, as the violent sobs begin to wrack his body, drawing ragged cries from his throat.
Tony leaned over, placing his hand on Steve's knee. "It's been twenty-five years. I think it's past due time I take care of this." He paused, turning back to Natasha. "Agent Romanoff, make the call."
The door opens slightly wider, and a middle aged man with glasses looks out at Steve with a skeptical expression. Steve glances down, assessing the situation, and catches the glint of a handgun in the man's grip, held just nearly out of sight.
to know, either; he could already feel himself growing too close to Steve, and he knew it would become an unmitigated disaster the moment Steve found out the truth about Tony’s double life - not that he could ever be allowed to know. But for all his genius, Tony always sort of assumed he was living on borrowed time - not just from the arc reactor, but it was only a matter of time before SHIELD put two and two together and they or the Squadron Supreme put Iron Man down.
Steve couldn't help himself; he snorted at the idea of Coulson in antlers. For good measure, his imagination supplied the image of a bright red nose, too.
"That's arguable." Tony laughed, a thought occurring to him. "In retrospect, it seems a little ridiculous that I showed
Clint shrugged. “Don’t worry, your secret - such as it is - is safe with me, Steve. I’m not saying everyone else doesn’t know already, but if they do, it isn’t because they heard it from me. Just, you know, remember I’m not the only one here with
In what felt like a rather deliberate move on Steve's part, Steve came first, moaning low in his throat as he pulsed out over his own hand. He surged forward as he did, taking Tony so deep that his nose ended up pressed into the dark hair surrounding Tony's cock, and then Tony was coming without any warning, right down Steve's throat. Steve swallowed every last bit, and even licked him clean before pulling off.
After a moment of Steve's silence, Virginia Potts says, "There you have it, Captain. No more war bonds tours for you."
Neither of them want to voice their true concern, of course, that Tony might not be around to send such a postcard. It's just easier to think of Tony, insouciant but alive, sunning on some beach somewhere and carelessly failing to get in touch.
"And Zemo? What can we do about that?" Steve asks. He doesn't have to think very hard to remember Tony telling him once, a long time ago, that he thought losing all semblance of who he was would be a terrible way to die.
"Yeah." Tony closes his eyes as he thinks of Howard, the memory painful. Watching his beloved father slowly decline into madness ... only recently learning why. "The heart pump was the last great thing he ever created - well, that, and the basic design for the armor."
Steve pushed back his cowl and tamped down a sigh. While Hawkeye needing something from Cap as functioning second-in-command of the team was one thing, Clint breaking things down to a personal level was unusual and Steve was, for the sake of bonding better with his teammates and friends, willing to listen.
of Madripoor is another matter, but Tony calls in a few favors and eventually has the lot shipped back to New York, along with himself.
"Sorry," Steve says quickly. "Just -" And he can't think of anything to say that isn't too much, that isn't pinning his heart right on his sleeve, so he tugs Tony back up so that they can kiss.
Tony was sitting on the edge of his desk, staring blankly forward at all the seats, usually occupied by his students, and standing empty now. The lights were out in the room, but the early morning sun seemed too bright as it reflected off the snow outside and filtered in through the blinds.
"I'm sorry," she says. "This is why I didn't tell you. I didn't want your feelings to get in the way of your objectivity on this assignment."
"So ... pardon my asking, but how are you simultaneously both twenty-something and ninety-six right now?" Tony asked.
Tony sighed. "I see your point, okay? But, Steve ... I'm not just doing it because it's you. You're great incentive, don't get me wrong, but - my brain doesn't work that way. I see a teammate in the line of fire and I'm not thinking about whether they're better able to take the hit than I am, I'm thinking about doing what I can to keep a bad situation from getting worse."
He sat down on the edge of the roof and Tony joined him, the joints of the armor protesting doing something so ridiculous as having a casual seat on some brickwork.
"I wanted to say I'm sorry for your loss," Jarvis said. "I know that Howard was getting along in years, but I believe we'd all rather begun to think he'd live forever."
“You want us to attack the Squadron because you have a warm and fuzzy feeling we were once teammates?” Hawkeye scoffed. “Sorry, I’m out.”
Tony snorts softly, and goes to pour himself a refill. "Can I get you a drink? You'll find I haven't lost all my manners."
“There’s a version of the legend that states the dragon carried a plague,” Natasha said. “But the most obscure texts suggest that St. George did not truly slay the dragon, merely put it to rest - and that whoever controls Ascalon might wake it again.”
The middle school library was nothing like Steve would have known from the last time he set foot in school as a student, but he found it fascinating. He could only imagine what his educational experience might have been like with the aid of computer technology and the Internet providing so much free information right at his fingertips. The school in his neighborhood had been poor, like most of the students who attended and teachers who provided the instruction for it; though the library was stocked with a fair number of the classics - which Steve had eagerly devoured - the books' spines and pages had been well-worn, covers seemingly held together with their librarian's tenacity.
To his credit, however, Tony did wait until Phil selected a doughnut (glazed) before going for one of his own (chocolate iced, cream filled).
As it turned out, Tony didn’t have to come up with anything to say, at least, because Steve’s expression turned, brows knitting with another question.
"Well, just wait for Rogers to blow it and you'll wish you'd chosen me," said Barton, looking sullen.
“But,” Steve said, “even if the legend is true, even if there were a historical St. George and something like the dragon, the rest of it must be a myth.”
"When you put it like that, it sounds crass." Steve raises Tony's hand to his lips and kisses the back of it.
Filling the glass with water and committing to chug it all down was a good enough excuse for a pause in a conversation that had always been destined to be awkward. Steve finished it all and began to refill it before he offered, “For you and for everyone else.”
Tony laughed, slinging his arm around Steve’s shoulders as they headed for the door. “Maybe I’ll make a reprisal this year.”
“Nah.” Tony stepped aside and gestured at the single pot on a burner next to the griddle where a pair of sandwiches seared away. “It’s just grilled cheese and tomato soup.”
“It feels like a dream,” Steve said. “To think that just this morning we were boarding the quinjet — but were we?”
want, to be placed in this scenario, but he knew that he would do what was necessary, just the same - especially if Tony's safety was on the line.
"You didn't have to," Anthony says. He plops onto a stool next to Tony's, eagerly unwrapping his sandwich. "Besides, I can tell you what
They made the rounds for the next hour and some change, which Steve found as exhausting as ever, with an added helping of distress from all the questions being lobbed Tony's way about who his mystery date was. At least no one seemed particularly upset that Tony had shown up with a man as his plus one; Coulson must have been right in that regard.
"I'm sure you could use some fresh air and sunshine after all that time cooped up in stasis, anyway," Steve says. He's usually of the opinion that most of the scientists in his life could use more fresh air and sunshine, so this recommendation isn't terribly surprising.
That was as good a place as any to pick up again. Steve set an easy, lazy pace, kissing Tony slowly and thoroughly like he had nowhere else to be ... and, really, that was true of the moment. He did eventually let Tony back down to his feet, and grabbed the soap before leading Tony with him to step beneath the spray.
Growing up a poor orphan in Brooklyn, Steve had matured into an adulthood where - prior to joining the Army - he owned exactly one nice suit. That suit was reserved for special occasions like funerals and holiday church services, and even though it had never quite fit him properly, Steve took good care of it, always uncertain of his future in procuring another should anything happen to the one.
magazine always portray him as dirty and grizzled. The man that Steve meets today is clean and neat, with an immaculately groomed mustache and dark hair parted so straight it looks like it was done with a ruler. Even casually rumpled in shirt sleeves and trouser braces, he looks much more the business magnate than the hardened adventurer, and Steve has to fight back a wash of momentary disappointment.
Steve nodded; he didn't look suspicious of Tony's true motive, which was to talk to Steve before everyone else barged in. "Well, I'm glad you're here."
"Go for lunch on your way back, if Reed doesn't keep you too long," Tony suggests. "Steve, you should take Anthony to that sandwich shop you like between here and the Baxter Building."
Steve glanced up as he got to his feet, thumbing through the papers as he went. “Come on, Tony, these show some real talent.”
Steve came first, with a muffled little noise as he spilled over their hands, and dear lord but Tony loved bringing Steve off, he was definitely the kind of guy who got off from his lover getting off, so it was a matter of seconds before Tony joined him, burying his face against Steve’s shoulder to keep from being too loud.
"Aside from the guy over there who's going to wake up soon," Tony points out, glancing over his shoulder to the slab where his alternate is still out cold.
Banner removes his glasses and rubs at his eyes. "Most urgently, the bad news is that if Mr. Stark did receive the Zemo formula, then we still need to find a way to counteract it. The other bad news is that ... well, his heart has been pretty overtaxed. At this point, I can't say with any measure of confidence whether it'll last another six months or even six days."
"We've got the school under surveillance, and the perimeter is secured,, so we'll make sure no one follows you." She paused, giving Steve a knowing look. "Should I make sure you have some privacy?"
Steve returns five minutes - or maybe even fewer - after Tony, but he stubbornly declines to comment on his reasons for lingering behind.
Tony gets to his feet, Steve right behind him, and reaches the lab table in enough time to stop his doppelganger from heaving himself right onto the floor.
Getting back to his feet, von Strucker tosses the needle into the fire along with a huge sheaf of papers. Then he stands back to admire his handiwork, a smug smile on his face.
. She's collecting herself pet scientists, and I can imagine all too easily that Stark has fallen into her web."
Steve tossed the condom and grabbed tissues (which Tony never seemed to have on hand!) to clean them both up as best he could, then put the lube away before turning to address the problem of getting his very boneless boyfriend (could he use that word now?) under the covers.
"I am ... surprisingly okay with that," Tony agreed, getting himself comfortably situated on a heap of pillows.
Natasha sat down at the kitchen counter and slowly started to become more alert as she imbibed caffeine.
Tony set down his soldering iron and pushed back from the workbench. “JARVIS, rewind that and give me a closer look at the footage, will you?”
They lay there for a long moment, panting softly, chests heaving, trying to catch their breath. When Steve let his hands free, Tony began absently petting Steve’s hair, running his fingers through the soft blond strands.
"Here you go," Tony says, opening the door into the room. It is neat and clean, the freshly made bed obviously Steve's doing, judging from the fact it looks like you could bounce a quarter off it. "I'm just down the hall on the right, if you need anything. You've got your own bathroom through that door, and there's a kitchen just back the way we came in. Steve or I will come by in the morning to show you down to the communal floor for breakfast."
Steve shoots a glance at Tony, but nods before getting to his feet. "Alright. I'm going to get a guest room prepared for you, anyway. It'll be there when you're ready to use it."
"So you're not," Tony agrees. "But you're still a recognizable public figure. A war hero. As long as Captain America and Iron Man had an excuse to always be together for the sake of liberating Europe of Nazis, then the public - and your superiors - didn't bat an eyelash, but now?"
Steve shivered, but gave up the struggle, mostly because his vision was sliding slowly toward the left, the more effort he put into moving. He spent a moment staring upward, over the woman’s shoulder; the sky was dark, he thought at first, but he soon realized the shade was coming from the canopy of trees stretched overhead.
Tony got to his feet and paced along the width of the classroom; he stopped and stared at a poster of the periodic table that was tacked up on the wall.
“Hey.” Tony cupped Steve’s cheek in his hand, drawing Steve’s attention back to the present. His palm was warm, thumb tickling at the stubble of Steve’s five o’clock shadow. “You
trousers down. Steve bent over Tony and rubbed his own erection against Tony's still clothed ass, leaving a trail of precome on the expensive fabric.
Tony could have changed that any time he liked, Steve thought to himself; he could have called or come to visit or even sent a message. Instead, Tony’s solution to missing Steve - and any of the other Avengers - had been patently
Tony's alarm went off at five o'clock in the morning, to the sort of unrelenting tone he could have only chosen in a fit of madness. "
, chin tucked down and eyebrows raised. He shifted until his erection, tenting the front of his sweatpants, ground against Tony's hip.
“An illusion, a tear in the fabric of space and time, maybe just me going crazy from Hyperion hitting my head too hard,” Tony said. He sagged back against the couch and scrubbed his free hand over his face.
Tony breaks into a sweat that has nothing to do with the fireplace warming the room, adrenaline spiking in his veins and sending his heart racing.
The back of the lab has a single narrow window, set high in the basement wall, just on level with the garden outside. Steve decides it will have to do. He swings himself up, grabbing one of the exposed beams in the ceiling, and kicks out the glass. He barely fits through, but finds the garden outside mercifully empty.
Tony cries out softly and sweetly when he comes, obviously trying to stifle the sound and unable to help himself. Steve works Tony through the orgasm and down from it, and kisses him when Tony twists in his arms to seek out his lips.
"Only guys you're also willing to take bullets for," Tony said, brushing his hand down Steve's side, skirting around the bandage.
Steve settles down in the suite's living room with the closed bedroom door between himself and Tony, and pulls the papers from his bag. He still feels vaguely guilty to have absconded with them, but he can't shake the feeling that there really is something Tony doesn't want him to know.
Steve squeezed Tony's hip in response, a curt reminder not to get distracted. Tony obliged, rocking his hips forward until he was fucking Steve's mouth, losing himself in the friction and the hot wet slide as beneath him, Steve's big, beautiful cock continued to thrust rhythmically into the tight grip of his own large fist.
Right now, though, Steve Rogers only felt a need to show Tony Stark just how much he loved him. How relieved he was that they were still here, that they had survived to share another moment like this.
It isn't exactly what Tony expected. He shakes his head, leaning forward to meet Anthony's gaze. "I'm sure any number of people would say it's me finally coming to the realization that the perfect person for me is, well,
It is well past noon, most days, by the time Tony manages to drag himself out of bed, and today is no different. These last few months, he simply hasn't been feeling like himself, and the worst part is, he can't decide if it's because he's losing his mind, or if the stress of years of war has finally caught up to him.
“Given he’s a big green guy who collects little crystal statues, I suppose we should have suspected there were more layers than just the smashing and the eating.”
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but the only sound was someone else's scream. The door that they'd come outside through burst out from the house in a spray of shattering glass as a man flew through it, sending up another puff of snow where he landed. Instinctively, Steve folded himself around Tony and pressed him up against the side of the house.
Steve maneuvered in and, in spite of the awkward angle, managed to kiss Tony on the lips. "Hmm?" he asked. "Is that okay?"
Steve has never looked out of place here until now, sitting perched on the edge of the bed, looking dazed.
“You’ve changed a lot, Tony,” Steve said. When Tony began to tense under his hand, he added, “And I mean that in a good way. When we put the team back together, I wasn’t sure what to expect. But you’ve really stepped up. Now ... it really doesn’t feel like a team so much as a family.”
They have just finished their day's practice - aerial drops and retrievals with the Iron Man suit; Cap's shield makes a pretty target - and Tony lands them on the ramp back into the airship before he sets Steve onto his feet.
"I can imagine I'm going to hear an earful from him," Tony groans, but he looks inordinately pleased by the idea of getting to see his old friends again.
It was just as well, at any rate, as Steve chose that moment to emerge from the bedroom. He was dressed similarly to Tony, in a pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt (and yes, the t-shirt was just as criminally tight-fitting as Tony imagined it would be), and he had his nose stuck in his phone as he walked, fingers moving rapidly over the screen. Tony could hear the sounds of Tiny Robots coming from the phone as Steve walked closer, and it brought a smile to his lips.
been a while since Tony had gotten laid, his dry spell stretching back to ... the last time he had sex with Steve.
“I hope for both our sakes you’re right,” Tony said softly, leaning into the touch. “Because it’s gonna be a hell of a disappointment if this is all there is.”
“Mmhm,” Tony said, his hand trailing down, fingertips tracing over the star at the center of Steve’s chest. “And, of course, a natural progression from there into ... teenage fantasy.”
Steve nods, and puts a hand at the small of Tony's back, guiding him over to the makeshift dining table. Tony settles in on one side, Steve on the other, and they begin to tuck into their food.
Steve pushes the newspaper aside when their waitress returns with their customary cups of coffee and large slices of pie.
"If you're interested," Steve said honestly. He had never been to this sort of New Year's Eve celebration, much less had anyone to kiss once the clock struck twelve.
Today, though, it was a little different. Tony was in his office - working, for a change - sitting behind his desk in one of his immaculate suits (dark gray; shirt in a shade of blue that wouldn't have looked out of place on Captain America) when Steve showed up with lunch as a surprise.
Jarvis snorts. "Next time, you charge it up fully before a mission or I'll ground you! I'm not your damn nursemaid, to have to keep patching you up like this."
Having Dernier on demolitions makes Tony's life easier, at least; getting a man on the inside to blow out the door is a far sight more subtle than walking up and pounding it down with the armors.
"Isn't that the truth." Tony pauses, and after a hesitant moment, reaches down to unfasten the cover. He slides the strap off his shoulder and tugs the entire thing off, setting it on the floor next to the bed before he settles into the pillows again.
Anthony smiles, a bit ruefully. "No. There's always been something there, but we sort of kept just ... missing each other, I suppose you might say."
“Oh,” Steve gasped in surprise, when Tony broke away from the kiss and slid down to his knees on the kitchen floor. “Tony -”
Steve's expression turned a little odd, but he smiled as he put his empty cereal bowl in the sink. "I was hoping we could talk."
"I'm sorry." Pepper reaches across the table and rests her hand delicately on Steve's wrist. "I've just been thinking of Tony a lot, lately."
The look Anthony gives him is definitely strange, now. "No," he says. "Not since I was very young. Maybe you would think of Dad as ... Jarvis?"
complaining about this turn of events. He was a grown man and happened to be great at multi-tasking, and was more than capable of getting himself the rest of the way out of his clothes even while rocking shamelessly into Tony's grip.
"That would be a good idea," Steve said, refusing to feel embarrassed or self-conscious, especially when he knew Natasha wasn't teasing.
"Hey, baby," Tony said, propping his hip against a washing machine and trying not to sound as out of breath as he felt. "Come here often?"
"... and we'll be expected to have dinner with the team," Tony added. "I'll meet you in the hallway after I get dressed?"
the harm, really? Aside from the fact that they were in the kitchen, where anyone could walk in on them, or that he really
If sex between them typically ended in something like an explosion, then this was a sweet release in comparison, and all the more intense for that fact. Steve was relaxed and boneless as he rode out his orgasm, murmuring soft encouragements to Tony to keep moving.
. At least, Iron Man was real, and there was a real person who had invented the armor and who piloted it now.
The news clip transitioned from an aerial view of the battle between the Asgardian and the Squadron Supreme, to an interview with the hero Hyperion. His chiseled face was smug as he spoke into the several microphones that had been thrust under his nose: “
New Year's Eve arrived without any further incident; there had been no more sightings of the mysterious vehicle, and Tony sent Steve a text message early in the afternoon to confirm their evening plans. The school district considered it a holiday, so Steve had no work obligations related to his cover or to SHIELD.
Sternberg's eyes go wide and frightened, his glasses knocked askew in the fall. "My research - I must get to my lab -"
Steve drew out after giving himself a moment to recover, and Tony made a soft noise of protest before Steve hauled him up and pushed Tony back into his desk chair. Steve had an intense look on his face, eyes dark, brows drawn together, as he went down to his knees in front of Tony and leaned in.
They all sat down to a raucous breakfast some time later, and Steve didn't even try to bring order to the chaos like usual. In fact, he caused a little trouble himself when he found the wrong pair of feet under the table.
Tony nodded. "I get it," he said. "Why do you think I ran away all those years ago? You live your life in a spotlight where you feel like every dumb move you make is being watched, and when you finally get a breath of fresh air, it's ... yeah. It's nice."
A week after the services were finally over, and Tony had finally found a moment of peace and quiet, he pushed open the door to his father's study and spent a moment in the doorway, just staring. It still smelled like the old man, the liquor he favored and the cigarettes he'd smoked against all caution from his doctors that it wasn't good for his heart.
Tony's father went mad so obviously, Tony would notice if the same were happening to him, wouldn't he? Surely Jim would notice, or Jarvis; especially Jarvis, who was present to witness Howard's degradation up close.
"Sure," Tony agreed, and nearly knocked over his coffee in surprise when Steve moved in and braced his hands on either side of the counter so that his arms were bracketing Tony.
Steve waves off Jim and Bucky’s attempts to help and carries in the box himself, while the other two men lurk just outside the doorway. Tony washes up as best he can, scrubbing grease from his forearms, and steps over to the box on the counter.
Tony's nose has stopped bleeding by the time the bath is filled, and Tony steps into the large clawfoot tub after Steve, allowing Steve to draw him back against his chest.
"Hmm." Steve wasn't so sure he believed Tony's protests about Dum-E's intelligence and capacity for learning, but he also could understand being defensive of a creation like that. "Was he your inspiration for Tiny Robots?"
"Okay, good," Tony said. He sounded relieved. "Smart as Dummy is, I wasn't sure about being mother-henned by my robot."
"We'll save that for next time," Steve promised. He kissed Tony again, and they lapsed into mutual silence, too focused on a shared desire for release to go on verbally sparring for the time being.
"Oh, really?" Tony smiled. "Let's see ... I remember a vacancy for a guidance counselor and a librarian. You don't strike me as either, so I'm not going to make assumptions."
Steve strips out of his bloodied clothes and gets into the shower, letting the hot water rinse away the rest of the blood. He hangs his head under the shower spray once he's clean, and thinks about the encounter again.
Steve reached between them and, one-handed, unfastened his pants; Tony would have been jealous of the dexterity, if he wasn’t distracted looking at Steve’s cock. Tony wanted to move, wanted to speed things up, maybe get his mouth on Steve, but Steve kept his grip on Tony’s hip and held him in place, apparently intent on taking his time and guiding their progress, and … well, Tony
Steve hears the sound of the gun being rested on the floor, then the woman kicks it, and it slides across the floor to rest next to Steve.
"He was hoping you might go to the Baxter Building for some scans," Tony says. "I'm going to stay here to coordinate on our end, so if Steve isn't busy today ..."
"Before he died, he gave me this. He said it was the cure, that Tony would know what to do," Steve says all in a rush, excitement surging through his veins. "I had forgotten all about it, but ..."
"You caught me," Tony said, raising his hands over his head. "Infatuated with the love lives of supervillains, that's my secret shame."
The drawbridge drops down with the second of Dernier's small scale explosions, and Falworth appears in the midst of the smoke to wave them inside.
"The gunman's word against Stane's, unless we can find solid physical evidence that he ordered the hit," Natasha pointed out. "Either way, it's probably a good idea that Stark is there to take over."
Steve moved as Tony urged him, even though he probably could have resisted without batting an eyelash, settling in until his cock was pressed against Tony’s skin, hot and hard against Tony’s hip. He stopped there, however, gently pulling Tony’s hands away from his hips; Steve gathered both of Tony’s wrists in one of his large hands and tugged them up, over Tony’s head, pinning them against the cushions.
Steve gasps sweetly when Tony finally takes Steve into his mouth, and Tony slides a hand into his own trousers. Predictably, things don't last very long from there; Steve cries out Tony's name in the throes of climax, and Tony doesn't take long before he's spilling into his own hand.
Tony looked reluctant, but the lure of sleep was clearly too much for him. He let Steve help him get settled under the covers, but Tony reached out and caught Steve’s hand when Steve turned to leave. “Stay with me,” he murmured.
"I'm not interested in Grim Reaper and Crossbones," Steve said, nodding to their reflections. "Just Steve and Tony."
Steve was exhausted, and he knew Tony had to be, too, and it showed in the sloppy desperation of the way they rutted against each other in those last few seconds - as Steve climbed toward his climax, and the force of it punched a moan out of him as he finally came, breaking that tension. Tony followed within seconds, and Steve had to hurriedly put his arms tight around Tony’s waist, just to keep Tony from sagging and sliding away as he went decidedly boneless against Steve.
Steve rolls everything up and puts it in his bag, and stows the bag in the coat closet by the front door. He checks the interior of the closet while he's there, feeling the pockets of the single coat - it doesn't get cold enough in Madripoor to warrant a coat for warmth; this trench coat of Tony's is probably to keep the rain off - hanging inside for anything, but they're empty.
"No problem," Clint said, cracking a couple of eggs into a frying pan. "You can make it up to me with a ride to the airport."
Steve ran a hand through his hair, wincing as his fingers caught on a mat of dried blood on the back of his head. She hadn’t been kidding about that hit on the head, then; he felt for his cowl, and found it stiff with blood, and torn as well. Steve imagined he’d gotten lucky to come out this unscathed from all that, as the last thing he remembered was the ceiling beginning to rumble.
They lapsed into merciful, companionable silence after that, and Steve was relieved that Natasha let the subject drop. He had the uncomfortable feeling, however, that this was not going to be the last of awkward discussions they would have before this mission was over.
- telling you," Steve says. There isn't much Steve can do except for remaining still and letting Tony set the pace, but he does so beautifully, blond hair sticking up in disarray and cheeks red with effort.
“Tony,” Steve said, except his partner’s name came out more like an incoherent grunt. He took a breath and tried again, “
There was a faint clatter of flatware against glass, and Tony turned to see Jarvis set a cup of tea down on the table between them. "I thought you could use something warm to drink."
Steve spends a little while chatting pleasantly with the front desk clerk, before inquiring after Mr. Stark's suite number. They have an afternoon meeting, he explains, and to his embarrassment, he has lost the room number; calling up would simply be humiliating, Steve is already late for their appointment. An earnest attitude seems to work to his advantage, and within a few minutes Steve finds himself in an elevator on the way up to the tenth floor.
Steve, still standing by the door, felt a weird flush of heat along his front, which didn't mesh well at all with the cold at his back.
Anthony sits up, ruffling his hair as he tugs off his shirt, and he and Tony put their heads together for a quiet conference as Steve settles onto the edge of the bed again. Steve eyes them warily, and with good cause - Tony moves in close, distracting Steve with a kiss, while Anthony pushes Steve onto his back on the bed and settles astride his thighs.
"Great," Tony said, putting the phone back into his pocket. "I'll text you so you'll have my number, and we'll go from there."
Surprise makes Steve startle; his body jerks, knee bumping the table, rattling the compass and maps on its surface. "What?"
"If you need any help with these, by the way, you can just call me," Tony said, patting the top of one of the monitors. "I think they're using me to save on the budget and avoid hiring an IT person."
past, either. He began to pop open the containers, which had a spread of several different dishes, fried and steamed rice, egg rolls, and even some dumplings.
Tony rolled onto his side to look up at Steve, and was surprised when Steve reached out and took one of his hands.
"I thought you might be a little sore after all that," Steve said. He knelt down to be eye level with Tony, and placed a gentle hand on the back of Tony's neck. "How bad is it?"
"I still need to come up with a game plan," Tony said. "I don't think waltzing into the boardroom demanding my birthright is going to go over as well as it does in the movies."
when those means are my own choice,” Tony interrupted. “I did what I felt I had to. I did what I felt was
Madriporean peacekeeping is an odd beast, with the authorities of the largely corrupt nation content to overlook things until they become an inconvenience or a burden. The attention drawn to the conference is certainly something they would like to prevent becoming any kind of international incident, so it's little surprise when they begin to evacuate the premises.
It's a Madriporean edition of a western newspaper, and doesn't tell Steve much that he didn't already know, but it gives him a means of looking busy and avoiding conversation with any of his fellow diners. He doesn't bother asking anyone about Tony or anything else he's after, on his way out.
Steve wakes in the wee hours of the morning and rolls over to look at Tony, who is still sound asleep; he always had the ability to sleep through anything during the war, and never did like having to get up early. Steve reaches out and gently brushes a curl of hair off Tony's forehead, and tries to sort through his own jumbled emotions.
When Tony bends himself over Steve's back and wraps his hand around Steve's cock, Steve comes with barely a touch, his body wracked with the force of it.
While Tony paced restlessly, Steve shifted to look at the things on the desk: a pile of Christmas cards from his students, a Teacher of the Year award, that ridiculous Captain America coffee mug. He sighed to himself. There was an entire life here that Tony was giving up. It didn't seem fair.
Steve jolts upright and stares, heart leaping into his throat, and he can't help himself - he starts to laugh.
is a world where we’re all good guys.” He sighed, releasing Tony’s hand in order to strip off his gloves and dig into a pocket on his belt. He withdrew a folded bundle of papers, yellowed with age, and turned to show a faded photo to Tony.
familiar, in a way, though Steve couldn't place it: a black and white picture starring Jimmy Stewart.
Tony lashes out, thrashing in the chair, kicking out with his legs, but he can't get any of the hits to connect.
Tony raised his glass in offer of a toast; Steve lightly clinked his against it, and together they sipped their champagne, while the music came back up and noisemakers continued to go off all around them.
Agent Drew shakes her head. "I don't believe so. They'll want to keep him alive until they work out what he knows, and possibly even until they can reverse engineer Zemo."
“Have you ever killed anyone?” Steve asked, squeezing the hand that he still held. “Endangered civilians? Carelessly caused collateral property damage?”
Steve reached his free hand between them and wrapped around both their cocks, long fingers offering a tight space for them to thrust into; Tony rocked his hips to keep up with the rhythm of Steve’s, moaning softly between kisses. Steve’s pace was leisurely, but they were both wound up enough that it didn’t last long. Tony came first, orgasm shuddering through his body, making him gasp for breath. Steve was quieter about it, he always was, shifting thoughtfully to rub off against Tony’s hip until, at last, he came between their bodies. He gave up the ghost on trying to prop himself up after that, but shifted to one side, somehow managing to wedge most of his weight between Tony’s side and the couch cushions.
"Suck it up, Barton," Tony said. "It's close quarters, I'm pretty sure no one at this table would touch you on purpose."
Steve moves away and returns with the cable, which Tony accepts and plugs into a port on the top of the pod. Tony spends another few moments studying the control panel, where a small screen displays vital signs and other encrypted readings he can't be quite sure of. The touchpad to the side of the screen is unresponsive when Tony pokes at it with his index finger.
"Morning." Steve decided to return the favor from the other morning, getting down a mug and filling it for Natasha this time. He slid it her way and asked, "You hungry?"
“Enough worrying,” Steve said. He set his tablet aside and shifted, turning his body toward Tony’s. “It’s time to relax now.”
Tony rolled onto his back and tried not to vibrate with anticipation (mostly because he was too sore) when Steve moved closer. This time, Steve started at Tony's shoulders, massaging down his admittedly achy arms, and on to the muscles in his sides. Tony twitched as Steve's fingers skimmed his front, tickling along his abdominals, and he bit his lip to hold back a laugh.
“But you’re not seeing the whole picture, Stark,” Steve said, stepping over to point at the video. “Zoom in here and filter the audio.”
how annoyed she was would be a one-way ticket to further aggravation. "You could stand to get cozier," she said. "I don't think I need to tell you that what you said to him was rude."
He took the ornaments and the Christmas lights back to the living room with him, and found Clint and Natasha sitting on the couch, the bowl of popcorn between them, watching a movie.
"We've got the perimeter secured," she said. Her expression softened as she knelt down beside Steve and Tony, eyes assessing Steve's injury. "Medics are on the way."
Tony wasn't nearly as careful with Steve's shirt as he grabbed a fistful of it in his hand and tugged Steve down for a kiss.
"So when I say I'm sorry," Jarvis went on, "it's not just for your parents, but for all the responsibility your father's death leaves on your shoulders."
"It's suspicious, Steve," she says gently. "You have to admit. Tony leaves without warning, and turns up in Madripoor around the same time Hydra begins to build a base of operations there?"
“And I don’t think I was the only one.” Tony ducked his head, laughing near deliriously. “At the risk of sounding like Dorothy, you were there - and so was every other villain on the Squadron’s short list.”
Tony waved offhandedly. “I got cold, woke up, needed to pee, just a coincidence, I’m here to wash my hoodie, totally didn’t stalk you here at all, are you buying any of this?”
Tony was momentarily distracted by the donut's disappearance, then he looked back to Natasha. "Even with dear old dad looking out for me," he said, "Obadiah's entrenched. He's CEO, it's legal, he made sure we took care of the paperwork years ago. It could take me years to win over the board and turn him out, especially since they're all in his pocket and most of them remember when I was in diapers. And that's not even mentioning the fact that he tried to have me killed. Which I'm guessing isn't going to hold up too well. I don't need you to tell me the kind of lawyers he can afford, or the amount of government officials he's bribed."
But Steve sidesteps Tony’s attempt at a kiss, even on the cheek - adhering to his own strict policy of not cavorting on base - before thrusting something he's been holding into Tony’s hands.
Tony made a protesting sound when Steve pulled away, but he didn't argue the reason why, as Steve yanked the ridiculous shirt over his head and tossed it aside. Helping Tony out of his own outfit was a bit more difficult; it was like the Grim Reaper's costume had been poured on, but Steve was happy to peel Tony out of it.
"We won," Jarvis says, grudging and more than a little grumpy. "You're down for the count for a while at any rate - the Iron Man needs too many repairs."
"I need to get to Steve," Tony says, knowing he's as transparent as a pane of glass right now and not caring. He moves to swing his legs off the cot, but Jim puts a firm hand on his shoulder.
"I'm glad I survived your process of elimination," Steve said dryly. He walked around to the passenger side of the car and slid in once Tony was seated behind the wheel. The car was small and Steve had to hunker down a little to fit comfortably without grazing his hair against the headliner.
"But his appointment with you -" Steve begins, before his enhanced hearing catches a sound that is out of place: a sliding door? "Are we alone, Doctor?"
Director Fury wanted to come speak to Tony in person, which would have delayed the progression of things even further, given even a shady government organization's inability - or unwillingness - to slog through this sort of weather for a meeting, but Agent Coulson reached a compromise with his superior by teleconferencing him in.
"I know you're itching to follow your next lead," Tony says, trying not to smile too much when Steve looks relieved. Tony knows what it's like; he's a busy man who has dated enough busy people that he understands how hard it can be to make room for personal time. He would be a hypocrite if he complained about some perception of Steve neglecting him.
Steve looks a little startled, but he gets the point quickly enough, especially once Tony has his trousers open. Tony strokes Steve to hardness - not that it's difficult, given a bit of youthful eagerness - and takes his time exploring Steve with his hands and lips and tongue.
"I'll call the nurse," she said, getting to her feet. "You stay still and see if you can keep out of trouble while I'm gone."
"What?" Iron Man demanded, voice a little strained as he struggled to free himself of the Krampus' grasp. "I donated money to charities! I volunteered at the local orphanage! I even participated in Reddit Secret Santa!"
Steve's expression shifts to one of obvious disgust. He turns deliberately away from the tanks, to face Tony fully. "We need to send them home."
Steve was in the middle of checking the weather forecast for the next few days - snow, snow, and more snow - when his phone pinged with a text message. It seemed to be a mass message, with a reminder for the party. Given it involved the attendance of middle schoolers, the party started at a modest 6 p.m. Steve had already gotten a text from Tony the night before with the address, but found himself a little surprised to be included in the reminder, as if there might be actual investment in his attending.
"People don't know who I am," Steve said. "Officially, it's not been disclosed that I'm alive. Most of my old friends are dead. The time I've spent here ... it's the first time I've really felt at
"That's still weird to get used to," Tony answered. He finished off the last few bites of his donut and licked the sticky icing glaze from his fingertips.
"So, I guess date night has been cut short," Tony says, standing on the sidelines with Steve as the authorities clear out their suspects.
"I guess that's true," Tony agreed. He spent a moment sipping his coffee, while Natasha scrolled through the list of available titles in the action genre. A lot of them were things Tony had never heard of, which probably went straight to video, but Natasha impressed him by digging deep and finding something especially entertaining from the 90's and starting it up.
Steve was up a little later than usual on Christmas morning, though he took a look outside at the snow and decided he still didn't feel like leaving the warm comfort of the house to brave his usual morning run, so he settled on a little yoga in his bedroom before getting ready for the day.
Steve watched, bemused, as Natasha seemed to get herself and Clint up and moving and out the door within all of two minutes. Once they were gone, the house felt empty and the movie was over, leaving Steve at a bit of a loss.
Anthony tips his head back against Tony's shoulder when he comes, pulsing out over Steve's chest and hand, and the way he clenches around Tony is enough to take Tony along for the ride in relatively short order. Tony's hips falter and he hauls Anthony back, getting as deep inside as Tony can go as he comes long and hard, muffling any noises he might make against the skin of Anthony's shoulder.
Tony drags himself slowly and painfully to the top of the heap of stone, until daylight begins to show dimly through the gaps in his faceplate. He awkwardly wrenches off the helmet with his good hand, to avoid going into the situation totally blind, and finds himself surrounded by the three remaining Hydra soldiers, along with half a dozen more reinforcements. A quick glance behind him shows the covered walkway is entirely blocked from the other side by the fallen stone.
"Steve," Tony says, gravely serious now. "I spent almost the entirety of the war running missions in the Iron Man, part of that time powering it with my own heart, which was already bad. I can hardly go up a flight of stairs now without getting winded."
Tony was laughing as he got into the passenger seat. Steve waited until he had the door closed before turning back to Natasha.
Still, it's hard to argue the knock at his door; Tony doesn't even have to wait until he's opened it to know that Steve is on the other side.
Tony understands suspended animation - as much as one of his caliber of genius can understand a highly experimental science outside of his own field - so it's not the stasis units themselves that bother him, so much as their contents. Each one holds an
"I guess it's not hard for me to think of Jarvis as a father figure, either," Tony admits. He shakes his head, and Steve reaches for his hand under the table, squeezing it lightly in reassurance. "Sorry. If I keep getting hung up on all the differences, we'll never get you home."
"I'm SHIELD's mole," she says quietly. "I can't carry identification, so I don't know how else to prove myself to you, but I'm lowering my weapon to the floor right now."
a woman, at that, changed things drastically. Steve knew Natasha’s identity now, and she knew his, even though his revelation had not been strictly authorized. He knew that his secret would be safe with her, just like he had always known Captain America could trust Iron Man to be there to watch his back.
Tony was sitting with his head in his hands when Steve entered Iron Man’s secret lair. He was drunk, too, the evidence of it in the half-empty bottle and accompanying glass on the coffee table, amid scattered papers that were covered in notes, sketches, and mathematical equations.
Steve glances around the lab before he moves any closer, and Tony is momentarily thrilled by the idea that Steve might have sought him out for an afternoon rendezvous.
Tony opened his eyes and squinted across the room in confusion. His closet doors were hanging open, one broken off the top hinges, the other swinging with a doorknob snapped off. The shelf that had been running along the top of the closet was torn down on one end, and shoeboxes and other things Tony had forgotten were in there were scattered and leaking onto the floor.
Though Captain America is due a bit of rest and relaxation after his efforts in the war, his fictional counterpart's story will continue on in his serialized adventures alongside the Iron Man in
"My adventures are over, Steve. I'm thirty-five years old." Tony flicks a bit of ash into the crystal ashtray on the nightstand, then he raps his fingers against the glass covering his heart. "And at least ten past my expiration date."
But no one had believed it would take such effort, and every day they get closer to Johann Schmidt, the infamous Red Skull, they have to believe the sacrifices are worth it.
"Dr. Sternberg ... I'm just trying to look out for Mr. Stark's best interests. Is there anything you can tell me?"
The wintry atmosphere was more consistent than New York had been, at least, and Steve felt fortunate to get to see the town around Christmas. Main Street had been decorated to a festive degree, strung with garland and lights. There was an art festival coming up soon that he'd already penciled in to his calendar, having been given instruction - or maybe just friendly advice - from Agent Coulson that he should try to enjoy himself while seeing what the midwest had to offer.
Barton took the cup and muttered a thanks, but Coulson could see the argument coming from the several feet that he happened to not be standing away at the moment.
Tony braces himself, but still isn't quite prepared for it when Steve bursts into tears. He is quiet at first, tears tracking down his cheeks, and Tony shuffles closer to wind his arms around Steve.
, exactly; he wasn't ashamed of what he was doing with Tony, it was just that ... well, even he and Tony hadn't agreed on exactly what it was they were doing, yet. Or even talked much about it, for that matter. They couldn't tell their teammates until they knew themselves, right?
Steve coughed lightly, a blush staining his cheeks. "Um. I'm pretty sure it was just calling everyone naughty, no matter what ..."
Steve sternly told himself that it was just a good idea to stay close to Tony; he wasn't being paranoid, or out of bounds. That car was suspicious, and Steve needed to make certain that nothing happened to Tony this evening. It would be so easy for something to go wrong in a room so full of people Steve didn't know; he was already forced to follow Tony's cues to guess which people he recognized as friends and acquaintances.
Just as the two of them had planned and rehearsed, there was a flicker as Tony displayed the video footage.
They were quiet as they got dressed upon waking, and Steve paused at the ramp of the jet to give Tony a kiss for luck before the faceplate closed and they boarded the plane. They went over the plan one more time for good measure, then Steve hid himself away in the back of the cabin for dramatic effect.
"No." Tony shakes his head. "It's sort of - nice to get it out. My father ... he was in the Great War, but he spent the last six months of it in a prisoner of war camp. He and Jarvis - they were in the same unit, captured together. Kept each other going, really. Except ... Howard got subjected to a German experiment."
"I wouldn't have minded being Grim Reaper," Steve said, picking at the front of Crossbones', well, bone-adorned shirt. "This isn't exactly subtle."
Steve placed the shield in its usual holding place on his back and shrugged. “Oh, I don’t know. You really pulled off that Halloween costume when you were eight.”
Tony sagged back against Steve’s chest while he caught his breath, and finally gave a little laugh once Steve lifted him off and began to straighten up their clothes.
"Will do." Tony nods, and listens for the sound of the elevator departing before he meets Anthony's eyes again. Anthony looks about to burst with curiosity, but he doesn't ask, so Tony doesn't offer.
That seems like a better place to leave it than a real 'goodbye,' so Tony steals one last kiss before turning back toward the portal with Steve. Just as they're about to return home, though, Steve hesitates.
Tony took Steve’s hand and guided him back to his apartment, and swore to himself he was going to do something soon, before this could all blow up in his face.
Steve nodded understanding; he lost his mother at a young age, and even this many years - technically and linearly - down the road from her death, he still wished he could ask her advice sometimes. "And?"
Steve moved to sit up, but the woman’s hands were firm on his shoulders, pushing him back down. There was something bundled under his head, a makeshift pillow on the snowy ground; the cold was seeping through Steve’s uniform, chilling the scales of his armored shirt and soaking the places where it got through to the leather.
Naturally, Hawkeye was the first to voice an objection. “Listen, tin guy, this land of misfit villains thing isn’t my style.”
It was difficult for Tony to come up with a compelling argument against it, especially when Steve began to rock his hips against Tony's, even if the friction was sadly reduced by the layers of fabric standing in their way; it
Tony put his tongue to use in the filthiest vocal encouragement he could come up with, at least, goading Steve on, until Steve had given him a minimal amount of prep and finally, at last, his cock was pressed against Tony's ass.
“Are you kidding?” Tony asked. He laughed, and leaned in to kiss Steve on the chin. “I missed you like crazy.”
"I'm sure Cap and Iron Man will figure out some way to work out their differences," Steve answered confidently. He settled more comfortably between Tony's legs, then bent down and kissed him. The conversation had been a little distracting for both of them, and it took a few moments of uninterrupted kissing and touching for the mood to return in full.
Steve resolutely attempted to put all that from his mind, but if he was going ahead and flinging himself into associating with Tony - instead of wasting these days prior to the holidays and the start of the next semester simply getting used to the town and soaking up the local color - he supposed he should get to know more about the man.
They lapsed into silence for a few moments longer, then Tony wondered, "Hey. What did you do to get on Krampus' naughty list?"
Baron Wilhelm von Strucker waits inside a lushly appointed room, looking for all the world like a man on the winning side of a battle. Tony could understand it even if the Nazis were on the winning side of the
"Fine," Tony relents. "I'll take pity on you." He slips his fingers free, and spends a moment rolling on a condom and slicking himself. Tony pats Steve's thigh. "Turn over, darling."
Steve was cheerful, humming to himself as he went about breakfast, cracking eggs into a bowl and setting bacon sizzling in a pan. The smell of food brought the other Avengers in the tower trickling in after a while, of course, and Tony was secretly relieved, even if it didn't escape his notice that Steve actually looked disappointed by their arrival.
There was a lot that Steve wanted to say, but he knew it would all need to come after several hours of sleep.
It only takes a few moments for Peggy to answer the door when Steve knocks. She smiles to see him, and Steve tries to return it, even though he feels on edge.
Steve takes a deep breath and finally jolts himself into action, unbuttoning and removing his own shirt. He toes out of his shoes while Tony unfastens Steve's trousers. When they finally stand naked, facing each other, Tony settles onto the bed and pulls Steve after him.
Steve refused to rise to the bait. “Tony, your decisions could have had consequences for the entire team. And not just the Avengers, but the Guardians and the people of that planet, too.”
and tried unsuccessfully to corrupt your professional life, that brings me to the other thing I came by here for."
It was getting late, at any rate; Steve thought he had indulged the party long enough, so he went to snag one of the cupcakes - it was fantastic - then showed himself out.
emerges inside a covered dock area in a remote portion of Buccaneer Bay. Steve says his goodbyes to a surly Namor - while certain neither of them will miss the other very much - and disembarks with merely a single duffel bag slung over his shoulder.
"It's been a long time, now," Steve says. "Both my parents are long dead." He sighs. "Bucky and the Commandos are the only family I have left."
The thought clearly did not deter Tony, or his own desires; Steve’s attempts to wriggle out were clearly doing more harm to his cause than good. What
“God, Steve,” Tony said, his words a sigh that ruffled Steve’s hair. Tony pressed one leg forward, turning Steve more toward his front, and Tony’s arm went around Steve’s waist, holding him close as Tony began to move.
Tony's eyes met Steve's in the reflection, but he quickly looked away. "That's ..." he began, hesitating before he finished, "... flattering, Steve."
They were relatively quiet as they got out of the shower and toweled off, taking the excuse to kiss and touch again as they helped and hindered each other in equal parts.
Steve opened his mouth to respond, but paused after the significant look Tony leveled at him. “Is that so?”
a boy scout," Steve murmured. He huffed a soft laugh right against Tony's ear, the kind that sent a shiver down Tony's spine.
Tony didn’t know what reaction he was expecting, but for Steve to take a small step forward, for his shoulders to round down in something like relief, was not it.
That Tony Edwards did not exist was not much of a problem. The fact that he was just a proxy for the very real exploits of a young woman known as Natasha Stark, might have been.
Steve clearly can’t contain himself any longer (in addition to Marvels, he loves comic books; the man is a huge fan of the Midnight Rider’s exploits), and after a second more, he bursts out with, “Well? What do you think?”
It was also time for Steve to accept and acknowledge, if only to himself, that this was definitely a
Tony, even with his genius brain, could not remember exactly how they got from points A to B, where A was the Captain agreeing to see him home and B was Tony ending up pressed against a wall in his penthouse apartment with the guy’s tongue in his mouth and leg between his thighs, but he sincerely hoped it did
Tony wondered if Steve had mentioned him a lot, but it felt rude to ask. "Well," he said. "Who doesn't like to watch
"For about the last ten," Tony said. "It's just a way for us all to unwind, you know? Christmas is a stressful time of year, whatever you do for a living. A lot of the older teachers have kids coming home for Christmas, so this gives them a little break."
