Dean was already ready to burst from the ruthless pounding on his prostate and the growing size of Castiel knot. Cas gripped Dean's hand harder and in one final act plowed deeper into Dean as the omega burst with a sharp cry that could be heard from down the hall.
Just before sleep crept over Dean's mind he felt a sweat creep over his body and a chill down to his core.
He saw Dean pacing across the room, one hand rested on his stomach. He was softly mumbling numbers as if trying to make sure his calculations were right.
"Dean, shut up. Stop bashing yourself. You’re going to make someone very happy with your snarky attitude and self-lubricating butt. Just wait." Dean just wanted to sleep, he wasn't in the mood to bash himself.
"Ah, Cas yeah k-keep going!" Dean bent over farther , giving Cas better access to his balls. Castiel marveled at Dean’s flexibility and made a mental note to test it if given the chance.Cas pushed faster pumping harder and turning to nip at Dean's thigh.
“Yeah, just lost my balance is all. Hey, can I call you at another time I’m really tied up right now.” Totally regretting his words because of Cas’ reaction to his blush. Castiel was slinking down lower to Dean’s stomach and Mary didn’t even get a full goodbye in before he frantically hung up the phone. Terrified he would forever link his mother to blowjobs.
"Just ask him not to tell your parents. I'm sure he would respect your wishes." Dean nodded and sat down on his bed.
“j'ai besoin d'un chat” Dean shivered as hot breath tickled his ear, Castiel gruff voice was sinful as the words rolled off his tongue.
"I mean, only tell them if they ask and really how many times do you talk with them? And I really don't think they're going to care. All too busy planning Michael's wedding." Samandriel looked unsatisfied with Castiel's answer but nodded anyway.
"Sometimes baby, no one does. But Dean is here and safe and has an amazing mate. He turned out great. " Ellen pulled Mary close and scented her for comfort, it was something Mary really needed.
“I’m gonna wait on outin’ myself, college isn’t a place I want to  be a lone omega.  Shit happens here.”
“What is your favorite sex position?” Castiel grabbed Dean’s collar and dragged him down to whisper in his ear.
"Well that just brings us back to why you lied." Castiel turned towards Dean and lifted an eyebrow, trying to not sound demanding.
"Shit." Cas didn't want this, and being the kindest alpha Dean knew, he was going to let him down easy. "Fuck, I fucked up." Dean rubbed his eyes swatting off the terrible vomit inducing knots in his stomach. No, Dean wasn't letting that happen, he was stronger than that. "Just-just forget what I said." Dean quickly tried to leave brushing past Cas his emotions were out of control and he didn’t feel like himself. He’d go to his car, and drive off, maybe pick up Sammy and just go. With lighting speed Castiel shot up and grabbed Dean's face and pulled him into a crushing kiss, thick tears covered Castiel's cheeks. He only broke to let out a sob. Dean responded quickly accepting Castiel tongue and wrapping his arms around his neck. Castiel pulled back and was panting. Vision completely clouded. “Why’d you come back?”
“When I was little I wanted to be a firefighter, until I realized just how scared I was of fire. Super manly, eh?” Dean nudged Cas from under the covers, they were both slowly intertwining their legs.
"Back off." He snarled and unlocked the door. Rushing in he slammed it behind him. He almost fell to his knees at the first breath, every ounce of Castiel's markings are gone and the sweet smell of omega slick was making his heart race.
Standing back up after he unpacked his bag and claimed the table as his he went in search of his books and a vending machine. The library was fairly busy and the mumbling of conversations could be heard all over the building. It was a very neutral area since it was the only library on campus it had alpha, betas, and omegas in it at all times. There was an omega side of campus but there are mixed dorms across. Dean's is just in one of the few buildings unmated omegas aren't allowed in since there is such a large number of alphas. This wasn't a college that if you were an omega you had to be escorted by your mate. It had a good amount of security and somewhat strict rules. It was a more new-age school and omegas were treated very well here.
Castiel usually left before Dean got out of the shower, not that he had anywhere to be but he had a feeling Dean Winchester had one hell of a problem with him. He can't remember doing anything wrong, but sometimes you smell wrong to other wolves. Dean had mentioned his weird musk and his excessive use of air freshener was all the hint Cas needed - he tried to keep the contact to a minimum. Dean seemed like an interesting man but he wasn’t going to be pushing any boundaries. Anyway it’s his last year of school, no need to get caught up in some dorm rivalry.
Then Castiel snapped his hips and made Dean gasp. he followed with four other powerful thrusts and then fell into a hard fast rhythm.
"I don't know I mean I wanted a big family too since I only have two other brothers. I've never been to an actual omega doctor, you know where they can check your fertility and that shit." Dean felt Castiel's fingers tense protectively on his stomach.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean moaned as he slid his hand down and started stroking himself. This wouldn't last long and the both knew. It was like a race each of them chasing their orgasm trying to reach it before the other.  Castiel could feel the carpet scrape up his knees and could only imagine what Dean’s back looked like. Looping his arms under Dean’s arm pits he pulled him up to his chest, resting on his thigh Cas bounced Dean on his lap and captured his lips. Dean moaned and wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck using his knees as leverage to move faster, lifting himself up to Castiel’s head and slamming back down. Castiel bit down on Dean’s lp and squeezed his eyes shut. Their breathing became erratic sucking bruises into Dean’s jaw and sliding his hands down to grab Dean’s ass pulling him apart and thrusting up hard plunging himself as deep as possible.
“You son of bitch, Castiel! Why didn’t I know about this?” Anna ran her slender fingers over the mark and she seemed giddy at the sight of it.
“Now why don’t you two get dressed and fill me in on all this rom-com shit?” She offered as a truce to Dean and they both agreed.
“So what else have you added to the list?” Castiel looked over at Dean who was looking down at his feet.
The surprise was his underwear. His favorite -and most expensive- pair. Black and gray laced all around with a sheer netting over his hips. It had hooks to attach into a garter and stockings that were just as sheer and delicate as his underwear.
“Yeah yeah you laugh now,” Dean grumbled as he untangled the covers from his legs. He heard the fan turn on and shortly after that the shower and hopped out of bed. Dean stripped on his way to the bathroom and stumbled over his briefs.
“Yes I’m fucking fine!” He shouted and rolled over to bury his face into the pillow. Even though his skin felt like it was burning he still curled under his blankets and tried to fall asleep. He didn’t hear another word out of Castiel the rest of the night and fell into a restless night sleep. Fire was licking his skin, burning him inside and out. Slick ran down his leg and his breathing was picking up. Dean was tossing and turning all night and he woke up in a pile of sweat and slick tangled into his blankets. He looked across the room and saw the outline of Castiel's figure rutting down into his mattress. Low growls and moans were muffled by the pillow.
Dean curled into Castiel side. He wasn't watching the movie much, he enjoyed looking at Castiel's face in the dark. Shadows moving across the contour of his features. Gabriel, Balthazar, and Castiel were watching the movie with bright eyes, it was a memory Dean would store away. They might have liked it more than Beckett.
I'm getting off track. I'm emailing you because I can't call you now since it's like 2am. I just wanted to tell you I love you. I know this was an expensive school and I really appreciate your help with getting me in. Tell Sammy and Adam I'm expecting Stanford out of those two!
"Dean?" His mate jumped and turned around with wide eyes. "What's wrong with you, and why do you smell like that?" Cas asked scrunching his nose and walking forward.
These were just a plain pink cotton pair with black ruffles around the waist and they were wet with slick. He pulls them off quickly and stumbles into the shower he is almost dizzy over his own smell and the left over musk of Cas. He lets the water splash down his shoulders and back as he takes in a deep breath. Times like these he wished he had a nice fake knot to push back on, maybe even a real one.
"Dean, grab something before I choose for you!" Castiel whispered and nudged his mate. Dean blindly grabbed a bag of chips and they snuck back upstairs.
Castiel rummaged through his bag and carefully picked out a light blue button-up and dark wash jeans. As he was fixing his buttons Dean came up and swiftly undid his top one with a flick of his fingers.
"My building is much newer than yours, Rachel. But I don't spend any time here. Too crowded." Castiel opened the door to the stairs and gestured Rachel to come in.
"Don't you dare come back if you're going to keep up this damn macho-bigoted act!" Her voice was lost on his ears. Finally Many let out a breath and slouched. She tried to hold back her emotions but this was her pack, her family and she didn't have to hide with them.
"I'm spraying down the room and marking the door." Castiel reaches into his pocket and pulls out a knife. It's small and folds into itself but does the job. He pushes it into Dean’s hands but he can tell the omega is only half there.
"Dean I know you can hold your own but this whole thing has gotten out of control. There is a difference between you dealing with a random flirt and a mysterious stalker affecting your health! I'm your mate and it is my job to keep you safe and healthy as it is yours to do the same for me."  Castiel could feel the turmoil inside Dean. His hormones were going crazy and his mate was on the verge of a breakdown.
"Sup Samandriel, I'll have the usual." The skinny little alpha smiled up at Dean and turned to fix his coffee.
Okay, this is Emilies chapter and it is her baby! She so overdid herself on this one and she is amazing!
“Cassie!” A small girl with strawberry blonde hair and bouncing curls came running towards Cas who scooped her up and twirled her. She had a soft blue shirt on that went to her hips and black leggings. She was very slender, her long arms wrapped around Castiel’s neck and her soft pink lips placed a kiss on his cheek.
"No like,” he sighed “you know what? Fuck it," Dean had no idea what he thought he could get from this, he couldn't just say he is in some fucked up situation and he is now entering this odd relationship of telling him about his fucked up past. "I told him shit, Jo."
"Alright." Dean followed Castiel down the hall of bedrooms. Castiel's room was on the left and when Dean walked in he was shocked. Half his wall was glass like the rest of this side of the house. He had a twin bed and the same blue comforter he had back at college. The wall that wasn't glass was a floor to ceiling bookshelf. Filled to the brim with books from every genre imaginable.
“Dean if you don’t calm down we are both going to fall again.” Castiel moved his hand from Dean’s elbow to his hip and the other at the lower dip of his ribs.
"Maybe, might as well make the best of this situation." And before Castiel could respond Dean slid his lips around Castiel's cock and swallowed...deep.
"Yeah, a pack maybe have two alphas or two omegas but guess what packs that do that all have an equal love for each other. You're just a power-hungry bitch who wants a popular pack name for you to start fights with. I can see right through you Meg and just because my parents tried to set you two up before doesn't mean you have any right to come here now." At that Dean stormed in. Anna stood on one side of the island closer to Dean and Naomi and Meg were across from them.
“Dean!” The familiar voice of his childhood best friend called over the phone. A few mumbles behind her and a crash. “My god Ash, can I get two minutes without your spaghetti arms smashing something?”  Dean muffled a laugh a Jo averted her attention back to the call. “Sorry, Dean.”
Walking through the open archway he is greeted by the unexpectedly bright faces of Mary, Ellen, and Dean.
"Dean I don't think I've slept more than twenty-minute intervals. I just need to scent you and kiss you and groom you."
“M-Meg? What are you doing here?” Castiel didn’t sound angry, mostly just confused and uneasy. Things between them ended; pretty badly too, he was convinced he'd never see her again. Why all of a sudden she made a reappearance in his life has left him in a state of shock.
They both packed their things into one bag but contact was limited, Castiel ghosted around him like they did when they first became roommates. Dean couldn’t help but feel that he had done something terribly wrong but he couldn’t muster up the courage to speak.
Dean could help the sick feeling inside of him, his throat constricted and eyes stung. He didn’t give a damn that he was a show for any wandering alpha in the hallway. He was a damn mess and he didn’t give a shit that he was just staring blankly at the newly painted walls. His eyes burnt and every situation and outcome floated in Dean’s mind, wishing he hadn't said a damn thing and left it alone. The sick feeling coiled deep in his gut and traveled through his body, giving up. Dean closed his eyes in an attempt to stop the rising tears from spilling over. It was in his exhausting fit to keep himself together that he fell asleep in the hall.
"Insults get you nowhere." He clicked his tongue "but you're right I don't go to your school you could say I window shop there"
They continued that way for what felt like forever, each switching from offence to defence but never stopping the dance, they were panting and sweat pooled at the back of their necks and foreheads. It was the winning blow, Castiel aimed a fist at Dean’s face that was grabbed out of the air, just as Cas did in the beginning Dean spun him around and pinned his arms back. But he shoved them both to the ground onto their knees. Going one step further he pushed Castiel’s face into the mat and leaned down to latch his teeth onto the side of Castiel’s neck, never breaking skin. It looked as if Dean was mounting the alpha as they both panted.
Dean was finishing up his paper and went to add in the heading. Looking at the corner of the screen and noticing the date, suddenly Dean questioned where the time went and then he froze.
"Like what?" Dean pulled away and grabbed the bags and dumped them onto his bed. He fidgeted from leg to leg, obviously getting off to the friction of his jeans. From what he smelt Dean came a few times since he left and he was still bursting at the seams.
"It just felt so stereotypical and I'm just not like that I guess. Some small part of me liked it but the rest I don't know it made me feel dirty. Like I was acting just like my dad told me I would. Just someone's bitch." The last words tasted like bile in his mouth Cas let out a soft but clearly possessive growl.
"Yeah, you always have the same kind of clothes on, I've wanted to do this for a while but now seems like the best time." Castiel gave Dean his coined squinted glare.
It was a quiet few minutes, Castiel was trying to read a book but his cock kept distracting him. He was rereading the same sentence five times over because the whimpers Dean made as he rocked back on his heel was so distracting. He was drunk on Deans’ smell and had no way of release. He heard Deans’ bed springs creak and then he had company.
Both Dean and Cas crashed the second they made it home. The visit wasn't awful and Dean almost regretted leaving. His father was horrible but he had the rest of his family. He wished he spent more time with Sam and Adam.  But for right now Dean just burrowed into the covers next to Cas and tried to push all thoughts from his mind, it wasn't worth beating himself up. It was over, he would see them again soon.
“Alright come one we have to go.” Dean huffed and rubbed his eyes and thought about how much his little brother loved school. Dean was pretty smart but this was no amusement park for him, it was just school. He could imagine how excited Sam would be to go to class, it wasn’t a chore like it was for Dean.
"Don't you boys only play touch?" Ellen asked with her strong accent as she followed Mary out of the kitchen.
“Um, well everyone this is Dean and he is my mate.” It was like ripping off a bandaid, do it fast. The room fell silent for a few seconds until Anna nudged her blonde haired brother.
"Hello, welcome to McDonalds how may I help you?" With a big grin, Dean ordered such a large quantity of breakfast food one man shouldn't be able to down it all. And out of the corner of Castiel's eye, he saw it 'apple pie back for a limited time!' Castiel stifled yeah this was a religious day for him.
"Didn’t I say this before? Famous last words." Dean laughed and took more of Castiel’s fries. Dean hoped Cas didn't question him later on about Crowley if he could he wanted to keep the man as far off Castiel’s radar as possible as to not start any fights.
"It's killer man." Dean walked over to his bed and sat down looking out the window.  He could see the trees that covered every inch of the land outside. It was like the forest was a part of the room.
“Don’t take that out here!” Cas whispered excitedly “What if they see?” Castiel looked nervously over at the circle, the brunette from before was still glaring over at Dean as her friend with the infinity tattoo whispered in her ear, no doubt bad mouthing his mate. Castiel growled under his breath.
Well, that was a game Cas hadn't played in a very long time. Still, it was like riding a bike, fairly easy if you had a good memory and fast reflexes.
The next chapter everything really gets going and the fun begins for out two wonderful characters! This is just the laying of the characters so I'm super excited!
“And how will I look if I can’t teach a grown man to skate, the kids will never take me seriously.” Even though Dean was annoyed, he grinned at the idea of a teacher-castiel wrangling a bunch of snot nosed brats, and force feeding them Shakespeare and the Great Gatsby.
“Umm, uh yeah.” It wasn’t even an answer but it was the only words he could form. As Dean’s eyes scanned over Castiel again as he reached behind him to grab his own strawberry pie. Dean couldn’t even close his mouth as he watched Castiel do the same to his own pie, this time his finger covered in the red sugar and he pushed it into Dean’s mouth.
"Well you can't leave Ashley all alone now can you? Didn't find her for you for nothing." Rachel turned around.
"Castiel Novak, I am a grown man and if I want to go out to study for fucking finals that is exactly what I will do!" And with that Dean grabbed his books and stormed out slamming the door behind him.
“One sec, forgot my phone.” Castiel nodded and continued down the steps and Dean turned back to Cas’ room. Walking over towards the slightly disheveled bed, Digging under the pillow he pulled out his phone and shoved it into his back pocket. Moving back out into the hallway he stopped just before he ran into one of Cas’ brothers.
"Dean!" That same accent startled him into a slight jump. "My God, what are you a squirrel. Mighty skittish there mate." Crowley placed a seriously unwelcome hand on his shoulder but apparently didn't notice the death stare he was receiving from Dean.
"Wait, this could work." Dean turned to Castiel who had a small smile on his lips. It wasn’t the best plan but it would have to do.
"Can you walk?" Dean nodded and leaned into Cas as he lifted him. Dean buried his nose into Castiel shirt as they walked. He yearned for some sense of comfort and clung to Castiel like he was water in a desert.
“One job you had one fucking job! What part of keep your slick to yourself do you not understand!” She yelled pointing at Cas who was still on his knees covered in his own cum and shocked at the intruder. “You’re naked, it smells like sex, and this guy popped a knot and is coming on himself”
"Well, your mind wanders doesn't it?" Castiel jokes and lifted his head from Dean's shoulder. "I, I don't really know. I've always wanted a big family but I never really thought of a number. Kinda wanted to have them spaced out so there was always a pup. What makes you ask?" Castiel slid his hands from Dean's back around to rest on his stomach.
"Yeah, I'm sure you've got a calendar of only religious dates from all around the world." Dean shot poking his head out of the bathroom. "It doesn't matter, today is very important so shave the roadkill of your face and get dressed."
"What about him, is there something wrong?" Alfie asked moving in closer to Dean as if this conversation got ten times more personal.
"I second that." Castiel placed his cards on the box and crawled over to Dean. His back was pressed against the foot of their bed and Castiel made a nest between deans legs and leaned back.
"Well can we move to a more comfortable position?" Dean asked shaking his ass again, his legs feeling numb from Castiel sitting on them.
The feeling in his gut started to level out like it was pointing him in one direction instead of all of them. He took that as him being close. Castiel couldn’t help but think of all the time he took for granted with Dean. How he would give anything to be in those moments again.
"Still in bed, you know." He could run home pretty fast, maybe send Cas on a trip for something dumb to give him time.
Castiel had always known how fast Dean was, sparing had really shown him Dean's potential. But Castiel was in awe over how perfect Dean looked with a small wrinkle between his eyes as he quickly calculated and remembered his cards. His moves were like lighting and he was distracting enough to cause Cas to lose.
“Fine, then tomorrow. And mother I don’t need your money.” Castiel turned away and pulled Dean behind him. Storming up the stairs he pulled Dean into his room and slammed the door. His breathing had sped up and tears prickled in his blue eyes. That couldn’t of just happened.
"I'm just thinking about things." Dean wasn't going to bash this little girls family in front of her. Even if what they are doing to her is sick.
"How about you pull over and we enjoy this with the windows down?" Castiel shook the bag lightly and Dean's mood perked.
"Hey, you want to meet uncle Cassie's mate?" Beckett's eyes light up and she nodded excitedly.  Castiel walked over to Dean and without hesitation Beckett leaned towards Dean for him to hold her. Dean felt a split second of fear, yeah he had held kids before he was always helping out with his brothers when they were younger. But this was a strange pup who openly crawled into his unsteady arms. But once her scent of honeysuckle and grass filled his nose he melted into her.
It all went normal, height, weight, blood pressure. Everything was going great. They all sat down in a forest green room with models off all the different types of organs in alphas, betas, and, omegas.
"Well that's good because I like your uncle too." Dean took this chance to lean in and press their noses together. Beckett giggled again and help his face in her small hands.
"Father, Dean is completely capable of speaking for himself. He was born with vocal chords just like you."
It was a fast shower but it did its job, the water felt like ice and it made it hard for Dean to breathe. Scrubbing down every inch of his body, he ignores his half hard cock which was not affected by the water. The amount of showers Dean had to take to control his smell was unbelievable, but it was better than being found out.
"Very few complications, Mr.Winchester. Even with her past sickness through the pregnancy and she has delivered a healthy male pup." The smile that spread across John's face was almost painful
“How would you know you’ve been in bed all morning.” Castiel turned towards Dean and leaned back against his desk.
"Not like that Dean, I don't treat omegas as second class citizens. I was just saying I don't have any voice in your choices nor do I have the right to present any, protective alpha status." Castiel was looking out the window as he spoke, not wanting to threaten Dean with unneeded eye contact.
“Mother, Meg and I never hit it off and that was years ago. I have found Dean. I’m very happy.” Dean was surprised at how well Cas kept himself together. Dean watched Anna roll her eyes at he mother.
Dean punched the wall disappearing back into the bathroom and shutting the door. He looked at his phone which was sitting on the sink. He considered calling Jo, but what good would that do? Dean sighed ruffling his hair. He ran his hand over the mark, it sent a wave of pleasing shivers down his body. It was like his entire life started again with this new mark. No, that’s the omega talking, it’s not true. Dean knew that it wasn’t true. He hardly knew the guy. A mate is someone you know so totally and completely, you were supposed to be absolutely certain. You know, meet,  fall in love, mate, have sex, have some pups. That’s what you’re supposed to do, and things are all backwards now. He was so upset, and horny and angry and fucking confused. He wanted Cas. He wanted to push against his knot, and cum all over himself, he wanted Castiel to fuck him until he cried, he wanted this terrible hunger for sex to go away, but he also never wanted to see Cas again.
“No shit really? I thouaa-!” Dean cut himself off as Castiel thrusted in just the right place, “Shit.”
All eyes fell on him and Castiel’s mouth pressed into a line once he saw Meg standing across the island from him.
“Yeah sure, I mean Sam, Adam, and Jo know so we do have some insiders. Anyway, what are you scared of, little alpha?” Dean laughed as they drew closer to Lawrence and Castiel was really starting to panic. ‘what if they didn’t like him? What would John think of him for just mating his son? Would Sam and Adam accept him?’ Castiel knew so much could go wrong so fast and Dean seemed to be floating up in the clouds over it.
“I’m so sorry.” Dean had no words, he could only help so much, Dean loves Cas and Cas loves Dean but he didn’t have the power to fix everything. He could listen as long as Castiel needed but he couldn’t change the past, he could only be here for him now.
“Shit, I never thought of it.” Dean scratched the back of his head. “I mean, we aren’t settling down in my old town. Not many teaching jobs available up there.”
"Thanks," Cas mumbled and gratefully accepted the hot mug that was going to get him through the day.
“I never wanted you to find out, at least not like this. Crying on the floor of a dirty motel room.” Dean held him close.
"Castiel, look who crawled out from under a rock!" A blonde woman jogged up next to him and placed a playful pat on his shoulder.
"Stopping." Cas smiled and moved his arms to wrap around Dean's waist and squeeze him to push the omegas back into his chest.
“Yeah you think I mated your brother for shits and giggles?” Castiel flicked Dean in the back of the head.
"It's okay Dean, I'll sit next to you and Cas and I will show you the ropes." Dean liked Anna, he would rather have Castiel's arms around him but at least he had made one friend out of Castiel's family.
"Knot me alpha, please I need it!" Castiel's hips started to sputter and he felt himself start to swell. The increased pressure drove Dean off the edge and with one last blissful cry he came all over his stomach. Castiel followed a few beats behind and came with a snarl. Sinking his teeth into Dean’s neck he empties himself. Licking at the small droplets of blood Castiel snarled. When Castiel’s teeth sunk into Dean’s skin a wave of pleasure crashed through him again causing him to arch his back with a cry. Tingaling the soles of his feet to his curling fingers. It made his spent cock twitch before darkness clouded his vision and they both fell into the blissful feeling of sleep.
"Holy shit, Cas." Dean was in awe from the shaggy gray rug on the floor to the amazing sound system built into his wall. It was so odd to see this side of Cas. Like he was trying to make his mark on his parents design.
Dean was sitting on his bed. He already claimed the right side of the room. He has a small closet and an oak desk with a bulky light on it all to himself. The other side is a mirrors image of his only it smells like musk and honey. An odd mixture and Dean doesn't like the way it sits in his nose, it’s going to take him a while to pick out an exact label for the scent. His dad always blamed it on him being an Omega “You can’t do things like your brothers can.” Dean tried really hard to convince himself that was bullshit. He came in a day early and unpacked ahead of time. So now, Dean had the chance to watch the strange alpha unpack. He has a few boxes filled with books and a single picture of a man with sandy blond hair and a striking redheaded woman. He had a small stack of clothes and an assortment of electronics. It only takes a half hour of unpacking and judgmental staring for the alpha to turn and face Dean. He raised a slender eyebrow at Dean who was sprawled out on his bed. His face was calm, bright blue eyes curiously looking over Dean.
"Hey now, you settle down." Ellen started to pet her long gold curls. " is this about John?" Mary nodded and took in a shaking breath.
"Little alpha, why are you crying?" Dean asked, cupping Castiel's cheek and running a hand through his dark hair.
"Well uhh, yeah. I guess you're right. So I guess I'm thanking you for not being a sick fuck." Cas chucked.
"Shit, this is like ten times nicer than my dorm!" Rachel lived on the other side of campus near the omega buildings. They pack a lot of the betas around there and as few alphas as possible.
"Um yeah sure little bro. Just don't forget a gift for my little girl. You're her favorite uncle now, would hate to see you loss your spot on top." Castiel laughed and nodded even though he knew his brother couldn't see.
"Lower your damn voice!” Dean demanded scared others from his pack would be interested in Sam’s newfound excitement. “It is so much more complicated than that, Sammy." Dean ran a hand through his hair as he tried to think of words on how to phrase it all.
.” Cas growled, tearing up. “Jesus, this is WAY worse than being punched in the dick!” Dean looked apologetically over at Cas
“Yeah sure just ignore the whole college community talkin about me.” Dean shot back, obviously aggravated. Castiel wanted to clear the tension between them.
Castiel pushed Dean’s shoulder down, flipping him entirely over and buried the omegas face into the pillow, his ass was already dripping with slick from his orgasm, so he didn’t need much coaxing. Castiel dove in and plunged his tongue into his warm slick covered heat. He pulled moan after moan from Dean as he drank in the sweet slick, some dripping down his chin.
Castiel’s room was left in the same condition they had found it in, unsettlingly clean. Castiel was being completely shunned by the rest of his family save his few siblings. Dean was also blacklisted and received very animalistic glares and snarls as he walked upstairs last night. Castiel retired earlier than him so Dean opted for the floor, even in his sleep Cas looked distressed. Dean wanted to give him space to breathe but every cell in his body screamed to envelope Cas in his everything, to kiss away tears and scent him for hours. He wanted desperately to be burrowed together under covers with no clothes on, just rebuilding each other.
"Dean, sit in your bed and don't open the fucking door. I'm just outside." With a whine Dean ended the call. He really is going through a hell of a heat.
“We met in school, mother. He was my roommate.” Castiel had a very cool and distant tone, he obviously was not up for this conversation.
"Fuck, Cas you sure are pushy when you're in ruu-aaaa!" Dean choked on his own words and dug his nails into the sheets. Dean's breathing picked up as Cas slowly took him apart. With ever slide if his tongue and glide of his teeth across his ass Dean fell deeper.
“C-Cas, there is a cop outside.” Castiel shot upright and sent Dean tumbling backwards almost hitting his head on the door. “Smooth move asshole.”
"No, I hung up and pretended not to hear him." Castiel was rubbing his temples, he knew this wouldn't go over well. No family affairs was part of their contract.
"No need, pleasures all mine." His words were nice but his voice had something different in it. The tone was like he was attempting to seduce Dean in a way. It made him uncomfortable.
"So what drove you to call me on such a fine Tuesday afternoon?" Jo chimed, she was taking classes at a local college so she stayed at home.
"Hey, Castiel we are almost ready for lunch." Anna popped her head in. Dean hadn't even realized how much time had passed.
“Ready?” Dean asked from across the room, Castiel nodded and followed behind Dean. They had already exchanged goodbyes with the few people who still talked to them and had nothing holding them from leaving. Creeping down the steps Dean looked around for any stray member of the pack, it seemed as if everyone was in hiding until they left. This was much worse than Dean’s home life, Castiel was right. Why have a house if there is nothing to fill it with? He was alone, Dean was determined to end that when he met his pack. He would have Sammy and Adam and the Singers. He would be okay.
“But I got the prize.” Cas went down to nip lightly at Dean’s collarbone since his teeth were still sharpened.
two more strokes and Dean fell into a toe curling orgasm. Releasing Castiel's knees he fell forward and nuzzled his neck. Breathing in his smell as he rode out his high by fucking into Castiel's come covered stomach. Four more thrust and Castiel was locked into place he sunk his teeth in the same spot on Dean's neck when he came. He kissed an lapped at the blood to sooth the skin. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and let out a cry, toes curling as he felt Castiel sink into the all to sensitive mating mark. Castiel tugged at his knot and made Dean groan, already out of breath he took a moment to recover.
“No, not really,” Castiel pushed himself upward. “I just- we are almost out of college. We literally only have a few weeks left and we have nowhere to go after. I mean we can’t go to my home and I’m guessing you don’t want to go back to your pack right now.”
“‘bout what?” Dean asked as they started walking, he passed his books to Cas and put his sweatshirt back on.
"Baby, are you crying?" Dean asked sliding off the mattress and walking over to him. Castiel looked so small trying to stuff the clothes back in the bag, he was nearly shaking.
"Does he plan to stay here forever?" Dean looked around the kitchen look like it was made from the leftover material from the main kitchen. A large L-shaped sofa curled around a tv and toys littered the floor.
"Look at his hair, it's so light." Mary smiled down at her son and maneuvered her shirt to tuck her breast back in.
"D-Dean, I got your things." He kept stuttering and just wanted to give into Dean's touching. No, you can't do this, you are not controlled by instinct. Castiel turned his head away but Dean smell was everywhere. Dean leaned in to Castiel’s now exposed throat and started scenting him with small moans.
That was one thing Dean checked first and regularly, eye color. That was what told you whether or not you should haul ass away from an alpha.  Centuries have separated them from their werewolf ancestors but the alphas still had the ability to change parts of them. Gold eyes was they key, if you see those and don’t want to fight you sure as hell better run. Thankfully his roommates’ were a perfect shade of blue and was no threat - as of now.
"As you assumed when we first meet my family is very traditional. Well, my older brothers and Hester are so be prepared for some comments. I'll tell them right off but they don't listen to me very much." Dean started the engine and enjoyed the feel of his baby purring under him. "I guess my best advice would be if you're not with me and you don't want to fight stay downstairs. That's technically where Gabriel lives and he won't give you any shit. Plus Beckett is usually down there and I think you'll love her." Castiel didn't realize he was smiling until he saw his reflection in the side mirror. Dean was taking mental notes as he watched the road disappear under his cars wheels. They made a quick stop for food and then pulled onto the highway. Dean was gnawing at the inside of his cheek, he really hoped he made the right choice to tag along.
“Yeah, just a friend.” Dean nodded and turned over to put his back to the man. Dean closes his eyes and Jo’s words continue to  run through his head.
“And you must be the neighborhood douche.” Dean snapped eyeing the two scruffy looking men, dark hair and ripped jeans.
“I would fuck you right now if my entire pack wasn’t downstairs waiting for us.” Dean growled and went for Castiel’s lips again. He couldn’t believe how much his French had effected Dean and now he couldn’t help but laugh. It was a real mood killer as it slowly built into a hysterical laughter and had Castiel holding his stomach.
His heartbeat thumped away in his ear and he tried to push the sound out of his mind, his teeth so sharp he had drawn blood when he bit down too hard on his lip. It wasn’t until a few moments later of Castiel maneuvering through the tall growth he realized his heart rate wasn’t the source of the sound. It was Dean’s. Barely holding back a growl he picked up the pace to move into the back of the house.
“Cas-” Dean felt like he was struck by lightning. “Cas baby-” Dean crouched down to hug him. Cas wiped his eyes, attempting for some sort of composure.
“You’re so perfect.” Castiel smiled up at Dean who wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck, pulling him in for a kiss. Cas moved his hands down to Dean’s hips and started to rock him. Dean ducked his head into Castiel’s neck to nibble at the skin there as he pushed up on his thighs to slide off Cas. Sliding to the crown of his cock Dean dropped himself back down on Castiel’s hips.
2) Beta's have a strong smell towards mates and pack members but are very bland when a stranger sniffs them out
"Jo and Dean were inseparable. So why we thought it is still a mystery but we all had our fingers crossed, and you always hope you like your in-laws, but we just thought Jo and Dean would-be mates. We were wrong obviously so we aren't a typical bonded pack but we are bonded nonetheless." Ellen finished for Mary. Castiel loved her accent and the firm yet motherly tone of her voice.
Dean walked around to the back and popped the trunk and fished out a spare and the tools he would need for the job. He tried not to think of Castiel sitting in the car, he didn't want to snap at him he was just so on edge over this. He wanted to help him so badly but was at such a loss he wanted to scream. Moving back to the tire he crouched by the car and tried to maintain his balance on the balls of his feet. The rain felt like individual stabs of ice into his back and it dripped down his face sliding over his lips.
"Wait, like your dad? He knows you're an omega!" Jo was practically shouting and he knew Bobby and Ellen could hear her.
"That is not hipster I just appreciate these places and they just so happen to be older. And over there!" He said steering Dean to look. "That's Roller Magic, that's also vintage. They're in the same parking lot so kids used to take each other out to the roller skating rink and then get a bite to eat here almost 50 years ago!" Cas was smiling ear to ear. Dean was grinning rather amusedly at him, and he blushed. "S-sorry. 20th century history is kinda my thing." He admitted shrugging.
"How did that go." Dean was still the only person who Castiel had told so Alfie only saw this as an awkward encounter with his ex.
Castiel traced his nails down Dean's arms and with a fast and tight movement flipped him onto his stomach, the urge to submit only burned deeper in his stomach, bringing his cock to full attention. He lifted his ass into the air and crossed his arms for his head to lay on. Dean really can't remember presenting to anyone before and he didn't like the feeling he got when he thought of it. But the rest of him was so in love with the idea of giving everything over to his alpha. Before he knew it his clingy athletic shorts were pulled down to his knees, now he was really presenting. It felt so damn good when Castiel traced a line from his slicked up ass down his balls. The sweat was cold on his skin now and Dean was rocking back to gain Castiel's attention, he wanted more than a hand. Castiel made a rumbling sound of pleasure as he pushed two fingers in. In all seriousness Cas could go without prep since Dean was so aroused but the alpha enjoyed this, clearly an act of dominants but that just made Dean push his ass higher. God he hated himself for liking this, Dean wasn't a damn bitch he didn't bend over at the sight of an alpha and he most certainly does not present himself to one. But the mix of his arousal and Castiel's made him dizzy and it was an amazing feeling. Castiel fingers pressing in knuckle deep to find all of Dean's buttons and make him yelp and cry with every stroke of his hand. Scissoring him open with two amazingly talented fingers. Dean was practically drooling onto his arm.
"Ah, well I mean, you know we- we still have time no need to rush It or anything." Dean fumbled over his words.
“Well why not tell me a little about her and I could help.” Castiel thought for a few seconds a smiled.
“mmm, Doc right there.” Castiel let go once he fully worked Dean to attention and then went to pull down his sweatpants. Pulling them clear off, he was happy to find that Dean went commando and saw the shine of slick on Dean’s ass.
“Ready, little alpha.” Dean asked, mustering up the most intimidating voice and stance he could. Cas only snarled as he took his fighting position. Dean took the first step towards him and that set Cas off into a sprint  Dean dodged Cas’ fist flanking to his right. Dean soon discovered this would be less fighting and more running, and that would only add to Castiel's alpha mindset. It somewhat excited Dean but then again he had always trained himself to stay away from alphas during this time. But it was Cas, his fake mate and odd friend. He should hate the man tailing him but he couldn't find true fear in it.
"Yeah, you got a problem?" Dean asked turning around to look at Cas as he pulled on another band tshirt. It was the gray Metallica one Sammy had gotten him.
"Yes! I'm a fucking omega, okay?" Deans words lost their sting, he bowed his head. How did this all fucking happen?
“No! Shut up!” Cas halted his eyes wide, “Don’t you dare apologize for what happened to you! Don’t you dare apologize for what that bitch put you through, because it’s not your fucking fault, okay Cas?  I’m going to need a little time to process it all, and I’m probably going to fuck up a bit on the way.” his voice softened “I’m going to need you to be entirely honest with me, and if I do something that triggers you, you need to tell me right away, or like, spray me with a spray bottle or something.” he chuckled at his own joke. “Seeing her again opened a fresh wound, and it really fucking sucks, because you deserve better but this” he gestured vaguely to the two of them “is not weird. This is us, working together to help you heal.” Castiel grabbed Dean around his waist and hugged him close, Cas’ nose buried into Dean’s neck, and Dean felt the tears Cas was holding onto spill over his Pink Floyd T-shirt.
"D-Dean, ah god, please you're not thinking clearly." The omega had him pinned on his back and he ground their hips together. “Did you even try the toys?”
Just like your hair creates natural oils to keep itself healthy on a daily basis Omega's smell continuously lets off identifying smells. Because of this Dean must take a shower once (or twice) a day to cover his scent.
They become totally oblivious to the fact they were tearing each other apart in a diner parking lot across from a family skating rink. It wasn’t until a loud knock on the window did they realise they were in the public eye. Dean froze and slowly lifted up to make eye contact with a middle aged blond man lifting a bushy eyebrow at the.
“Um well, funny story really.” Dean started but paused as he searched for words to explain what really has happened between them in the last few months. Cas gave him a short quick summary of what really went on between the two of them, thus far. He told him how Dean is an omega and no one knew, then he went into heat and they slept together. Cas blushed
"No, stay with me. I miss you, Dean." Dean had to hold back the feeling of sadness that shot through him with Castiel's words. Even though he was sure he could sense the change in him.
Dean was alone again, laying on a cold floor. He was knocked out of his chair but his arms were still held painfully behind him. Thankfully he hadn’t pulled or broken anything. He just needed to focus, if he took his time he could make his way out of these binds.
"Okay yeah I'll give you that." Cas was still tracing shapes on Dean's legs. Dean coughed as if he was trying to fill the silence that wasn't awkward until now.
Both of them still had their clothes on since their pants were only pulled to their upper knees. Once they came down from their high Castiel opened his eyes and looked at them in the mirror.
Halfway through the drive it started pouring, the wipers could barely keep up with the brutal pounding of the water down the windshield. They had barely exchanged any words and the silence was devoured by the storm outside. Dean was speeding down the empty road much faster than he should have in these conditions but Dean couldn’t ease up, like the stress and tension in the car was pressing his foot down on the peddle.
“Try these on for.” Cas dramatically paused “size” At that Castiel moved his hand from Dean’s thigh to rub his soft cock to life. Dean leaned back and let out a happy sigh as Cas worked his dick.
“Don’t  you ‘heya’ me, freckles where’s the mate?” Jo looked around and made her way to the passenger side of the car and opened the door.
"Nothing really, just had some time to kill and wanted to say hi." Dean felt himself backing out, even talking to Sammy about personal problems was hard. Dean may be an omega but he was raised like an alpha and he was always taught to man up. Don't cry, and shove your feelings down. That is what made Dean so emotionally constipated as Sam puts it.
"Dean, you waking up anytime soon?" Castiel shook the omega who had refused to wake up with the alarm. He was laying on his stomach wearing a gray t-shirt with tight fitted briefs- Dean claims they are red but they are in fact maroon- Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s lower back in a slightly intimate fashion.
You could ask me any questions on my tumbler account that is the exacts username as this! As is Emilie's!!!
"And then over there," he pointed "about 3 blocks up the road is a drive in movie theatre which is just as old!" He was bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet like a little kid. Dean smiled sweetly.
Dean's eyes were wide as he studied Castiel's crumpled face. He had a mixture of anger and pain in his eyes as water dripped from his hair.
Shoving his key in unceremoniously he threw the door open. Pausing- he took a breath, he had to attempt to be the calm one in this situation.
“There is a reason male alphas don’t mate.” Castiel whispered, like he was so terrified to speak. Dean knew what was coming next but the words still made his skin crawl and stomach turn.
Sitting back down at Dean’s side Castiel started washing Dean’s shoulder. He opened his kit and looked over Dean’s body. He was wearing only boxers and first thing Cas needed to do was clean off as much blood as he could.
Dean was chewing the inside of his cheek as he mindlessly scribbling trying to think of what Pamela meant. The thing missing was the other mating mark, their bodies were just reacting normally nothing profound about it and there was absolutely no damn soulbonding shit going on. He was Dean and Cas was well...Cas. He was his casual sex partner. But not his mate, not even close to that.
“Mine.” He grunted out once more and lower himself until he was at level with Dean’s stomach. He started to purr once more and began kissing and leaving soft claiming marks across Dean’s lower stomach. Dean finally realized what was going on; Castiel was barely awake and was convinced he had bred Dean.
"That's exactly it! I could help you with your heat and now that the school knows you're an omega you'll be left alone and you won't get a transfer notice sent home."
“Dean, can I get you anything?” Walking over to Dean’s side once more. Castiel felt utterly useless, he would love to run into the woods and tear off that bastard’s head, but he can’t leave Dean.
"You are all sick fucks and I don't know how Castiel could come from such a vile family. Oh, and Naomi if getting knocked up makes you a bitch then you must be the fucking queen" At that Dean turned and stormed out of the room and down the hall to Gabriel's part of the house.
“What the fuck…” Dean’s eyes are wide as he reads slightly fearing for Castiel’s mental health even if he does seem all there. Dean can’t believe how few cases of one sided matings there have been, then again those are reported and others may be thinking just like him and trying to do it themselves. Dean shakes his head and backs out of the website and back to the Google homepage. Dean opted for more personal information. Castiel A Novak. Dean hit search a was surprised to see images was filled with him. Scrolling through they were mostly of him and his family at events, he looked stiff and uncomfortable. He was totally out of his element and he looked somewhat scared in one picture of him and a woman with curled dark brown hair. He was slightly leaning away from her with a forced smile and eyes that screamed help. The woman seemed to be digging her nails into Castiel’s hands but tried to pass it off as just holding him. She was wearing an elegant cocktail dress and Cas was in a gray suit with black pinstripes, he looked pretty damn good. As Dean scrolled through he seemed to figure out who was part of Castiel’s family by how many of the same people repeatedly appeared in each picture. Everyone except Gabriel, Dean even scanned the background but he was nowhere to be seen.
The chipping paint on the ceiling was starting to bug Dean. It hadn’t been painted over in years. He had been here for a total of twenty-four hours now. Well, this room in particular. He’s been at this college for three years now and It was the last grueling year of college, and this was going to be a hell of a year. Dean had been lucky for the past three years to only have had beta roommates. But he drew the short straw, and if the tall dark man across the room isn’t an alpha Dean doesn't know what is. He shouldn’t be surprised, he lives in a mainly Alpha dorm with some betas and even fewer mated omegas. He should have planned ahead for this because he is walking on thin ice. Dean is the only unmated omega in this dorm; he’s also the only omega registered as a beta. Illegally obviously. That is courtesy of his father, John. He had been registered as beta in all his legal records. This is exactly how he ended up with an alpha in his room.  They hadn’t said a word to one another yet, Dean only watched him unpack. His black hair looked windblown and the red button up he wore made his eyes look extremely blue. Dean studied the contours of his body, how his muscles moved under his shirt. His skin was a few shades lighter than Dean’s and he had a fresh shave. His jaw could cut glass but the most prominent feature of this man were his blue eyes that looked awfully tired.
It was almost eleven by the time Dean and Cas made it back upstairs, avoiding the few members of the family who were still awake. Once the movie was over they talked a little before Gabe and Cas started to make dinner. Dean sat with Balthazar and had a beer as they talked and watched Beckett play with her toys and sing the songs from the movie. They both fell onto the bed, tangling with one another, sloppy kisses and fumbling fingers that tugged at clothing. Crawling to the head of the bed Castiel pressed against the wall and Dean followed.
“Bobby has a shop about thirty miles out of Lawrence in Topeka. I was originally gonna run it but we haven’t talked about it lately.”
"Fucking hell." Dean shoves the book back, of course, why would the book he need be in this damned library?
"D-Dean, are you sure?" Castiel asked dancing from knee to knee as the need to mate consumed him. Dean pushed his ass higher and swayed back and forth.
“Just for this week, you know they never found him he just left the woods and hasn’t been back at the dorms.” Dean rolled his eyes but he knew it was Castiel’s instinct that pushed him to become so protective.
"Well I mean I can tell, sex seems to keep you real...tied up." Jo gave a half-smile as Dean glared at her.
“Okay.” he said, holding on to Castiel as they started to do a strange wheeled dance on the waxy hardwood floor. By seven thirty, the two of them were too tired to skate anymore. Dean was certain he’d have blisters all over the bottoms of his feet from the boots. He found himself not caring one bit. They walked back to the car Castiel was practically glowing from happiness, and Dean was happy to see it.
Once they finished they each threw on a zip up sweatshirt and sweatpants since it was still cold outside. On the walk to the gym they shot challenging looks and over competitive grins at one another, sometimes exchanging cocky remarks.
Cas rested his his hands on Dean’s hips as he took in short gasps, Dean’s walls clenched around his cock. He lowered his hands to trace shapes into Dean’s bare thighs and dip into the crease of his groin. Dean just dipped his head back and moaned as Castiel mapped out every inch of him, the way his muscles twitched under soft fingers. Oh, how goosebumps arose across his arms with every stroke.
"A-are you sure, everything’s okay?" Castiel asked lowering himself to his knees trying to look at Dean's face that was buried into the pillow.
Opening the door rather loudly she roused her husband out of his sleep. "John." It was stern and she was determined to keep her voice like this the whole time.
"Very, now get your ass up Winchester because we are leaving in twenty-five minutes and you smell like sex." Dean flipped off the alpha as Cas walked to the bathroom and left Dean on the floor. His back stung and he knew he would be sleeping on his stomach tonight.
Castiel knew Dean was staying in bed because if last nights fiasco. He probably didn't want to share so much with Cas. He understood Castiel kept things from Dean, he wasn't obligated to tell him anything. The fresh air was a welcome feeling, the sun hit his cheek and warmed half his face, it was slightly uncomfortable but he was just happy it wasn’t snowing. His fingers were still cold as they clutched his books but other than that he was content. Taking in deep breaths of the chilled air that felt so clean it cooled his lungs. He could almost taste spring coming and that excited Cas but also terrified him. They still had week until spring actually came and it was just an oddly warm day of winter but he feared it all the same.
"So you have been off dancing around with your new mate and you just now decide to call me?" Dean felt guilty, he should have called Sam the second he fell into the mess.
“Oh no, my god no, Cas.” Dean crawled over to Castiel and cupped his cheek. “Don’t you dare think I don’t love you.” He wanted to tell him everything, he really did, but it was better for everyone to keep the alpha out of Dean’s paranoia.
Castiel pressed his fingertips into Dean’s side as he helped lift him. Dean leaned forward to rest his forehead on Castiel’s strong shoulder. Huffs of hot breath curled up Castiel’s neck and sent chills down his side, move Dean faster in his lap. Castiel slid his hands from Dean’s hips to wrap his fingers around his aching cock that was dragging precome across Castiel’s stomach.
Castiel's bed had a dark blue comforter that was kicked to the bottom  of the bed and a single pillow  That Dean propped himself up against. He had his back against the headboard, knees bent and legs spread. A pair of red lace and silk panties was all he had on and Castiel was at a loss for words.
“You bastard!” Dean exclaimed hitting his chest, “Oh my god! You took German, not French!”  Cas could only nod and Dean couldn’t help but roll his eyes and start to laugh with him. One day he was totally going to kill Cas. “Okay get yourself together smartass we need to go back downstairs, time for some family tradition.”
"Nothing really," Dean paused, he couldn't tell him he and Alfie talked about him and his ex. "I heard you liked bees." A wide smile curled on Cas' lips and blush appears on his cheeks.
“You aren’t some messed up science experiment Dean Winchester, you are a warrior who has faced more horrors that any alpha would easily fall from.” Dean doesn’t speak, he just huddles into Castiel’s warmth like it the last thing holding him to the ground. “We’re in this together, Dean.” Dean nods, letting a single tear fall.
"Ah, fuck!" Dean yelped as a new wave of slick dripped from his ass. Dean's cock was smacking against his stomach and it was painfully hard. Pre-come splashed onto his stomach as Castiel drilled into him mercilessly. Dean was choking on his own cries, Castiel managed to hit Dean's prostate every time. Water pooled in his eyes as a trail slid down his left side and soaked into the pillow. Cas kept growling and panting.
“My fucking god, what is wrong with them!” Castiel demanded pulling at his hair, and disheveled it even further than his average bedhead.
"Dean!" She chirped and ran full force into Dean's arms. The second he held the pup in his arms all his rage crashed down and his stomach twisted. She wrapped her legs around Dean's waist and gave Dean a toothy smile. He slowly slid down the wall until he was sitting down, keeping his knees up to support Beckett who had her legs in either side of Dean's hips.
“We can’t take a knot, our bodies aren’t built that way.” Castiel was flashing back to the assortment of things she had bought for him, she was the alpha, a horrible sadistic woman. He remembered the horrible pain, she never stopped it was his fault he couldn’t get off. It was always Castiel’s fault.
“Fucking shit, doctor!” He shouted as he was borderline tears at the terrible pain. Castiel scrambled to his side and held him still to examine him.
“Of course, just until the week is over.” Dean pressed his lips into a line and nodded, he took in a small breath and waited a second until he leaned in to placed a soft kiss on Castiel cheek.
"You see this?" Dean lifted his fist and showed Cas "In. The. Dick." His eyes were half lidded from the pleasure Cas' capable hands provided. "And you would be too if you were meeting the Novaks for the first time." Dean had his eyes closed and he tried to melt into Castiel's firm hands.
“You really love him.” Cas said still smiling. Dean nodded. They were comfortably quiet the rest of the ride there. Cas watched as images of a tiny little Dean running around in a Metallica shirt and combat booties chasing a cute little Sammy with a large frog in his hand. This was a good image of Dean. A happy, healthy little Dean who didn’t know he was an omega yet, a little Dean who didn’t need to toughen up, or defend himself from his father. A Dean that Cas hopes he’ll get to see one day. They pulled into the parking lot of an old looking diner.
“He is untouched in that department, you would have his first litter, but he has very strong heats if that helps any.” Alton gave a nod and turned back to Dean, He lowered himself to Dean's level and grabbed his jaw.
"Dean, where have you been? I've been calling you." The man was obviously distressed and Dean knew this would throw Cas into a frenzy.
"I don't re-remember the last time." Dean paused and looked at Castiel for a second with blank eyes. "I was this damn drunk."
Dean started scribbling down rules that had to be followed, he chewed on the tip of the pen and scrunched his brow when he focused.
The room was left silent and Castiel was on edge over Dean's outburst. John mumbled illegible words to himself as he grabbed his keys and slammed the door.
“Look who’s here.” Anna pulled Castiel up next to Dean and walked around them to pick up a piece of bacon from the counter.
Cas was starving. He rubbed his eyes, which were blurring up over the top of his text book. He’d been at this all morning, getting no where. Accepting defeat he pushed back his chair to see Dean dozing off while reading on his bed. "Hey Dean." He said. Dean didn't stir, just buried his nose deeper into his book. "Dean!" Cas quietly crept over to Dean’s side kneeling next to his head. He carefully slipped the book out from under Dean’s head. Remarkably, Dean stayed asleep. Cas set the book aside looking at Dean’s sleeping form, he looked so… He’s just so… There’s no other word for it Dean was absolutely beautiful. Cas never knew that a man could be beautiful, and none as beautiful as Dean. There was a pang deep in his heart over the thought of the upcoming end of the year. The weight on his chest of their impending separation was practically unbearable. While Dean was sleeping, Cas could pretend they were deeply in love. Cas reached forward and ran his fingers through Dean’s short hair, and to Cas’ pleasant surprise Dean leaned into the touch. After a moment Dean snorted awake jerking away from Cas’ hand.
“Well, what about the day before?” Crowley pushed stepping slightly closer to pull Dean in, but he responded by backstepping to give him more space. Red flags went up and Dean was thinking of ways to get out. Years of training and it was as if he was blanking. "Dean, what do you do when you are grabbed?"
"Okay everyone shut your traps, as usually John and I are captains," Bobby called over the small crowd. "I'll give you the first pick you old bat." John didn't take any insults seriously if it came from Bobby.
“Shit, wait right here I forgot my wallet.” Dean nodded and watched Castiel run up the steps. Within a few minutes of Castiel running inside an alpha and a beta approached him.
"Okay, I'm going to get right down to it. Dean is the best person I have met and I like you I really do. He is happy with you, he feels safe and that is something he rarely feels."
“Only because you’re such a good teacher.” Cas took him by both hands, skating backwards and propelling Dean forward “Woah, woah, hey, what are you doing?”
"Did you hit your head?" Castiel asked lightly stroking Dean’s red cheek, he flinched obviously it still stung.
Castiel chucked nervously and nodded returning back to his bed. Are you saying I deflowered you. “Yes and no.” He sighed, knowing Dean couldn’t hear him, but the last thing he wanted was to go into his - complicated - past sex life. Not after all this time has passed. He just fucking mated someone…How the fuck did any of this happen? Life is one hell of a ride.
(I am assuming that you have read the relationship tags. If not there is a really small DeanxJo in here but it isn't love they are more best friends who do it so don't worry they have no feelings for each other at all.)
Dean never imagined it would be so bad, it almost reminded him of his home. Except there was only one person there who didn't approve of him. Gabriel had his whole family that completely neglected to admit he even existed.
“Don’t let your mom ruin this, you have an amazing house with a fantastic view and it’s Beckett’s birthday.” Dean pushed himself against Castiel’s chest and started to move his hips to grind against Castiel. “I can make you feel so good.” Dean purred into Castiel’s ear as he continued to drag his groin over Castiel’s quickly hardening cock. He dipped his head down and started to lick and kiss at the still fresh mating mark. Picking up the pace they each exchanged small moans and whimpers, Castiel finally getting into it dragged his fingers under Dean’s shirt and traced his bowed spin.
"It isn't me you should be apologizing to." At that Mary turned and left the room. John let out a breath, he didn't care about Castiel. The problem was by Dean getting a mate he will probably get knocked up. That's not a manly thing to do. But John had thought of that a long time ago.
Both men smiled at their stories and their past, Dean bumped Castiel’s shoulder just before they reached his class.
"Grandma's a bitch." That was when Dean completely lost it. Doubling over he had to put Beckett down because he found himself on the floor and tears falling from his eyes. He can’t remember the last time he has laughed that hard and it was definitely needed after his slight breakdown.
Castiel quickly walked over to his laundry bin and picked up his shirt from yesterday. Pressing it to his nose he pulled in a deep sniff. He just smelt himself, not too musky just normal. Tossing it back he walked to his desk to grab his notebook. Castiel felt a deep burn of uncomfortable embarrassment. He did tell him almost every morning how terrible he smelt. Realizing he was going to be late for class he shoved this problem to the back of his mind and ran out of the room and back down through the lounge. With long quick strides Castiel made it to his class just in time, the incident almost completely pushed from his mind.
“The rink will feel different than the carpet but just breath with every push of your skates. Trust me I’m a great teacher.”
An uncomfortable wetness made itself apparent under him, dampening his lower back to his thigh. An unwanted smell to tickled his nose and he wanted to pull away from it but he was bound by the heavy air.
"Yeah, that seems reasonable." He said with a small smile. He walked through the threshold and into the rink. It was nearly empty, save a few people. Cas went over to the skate-rental counter. There was a young omega boy, his name tag said Kevin.
3) If I didn't tag something -and I am so sorry if I didn't- PLEASE tell me. The last thing I want is for someone to be triggered by this.
Well? I'm so sorry for being gone so long. A hell of a lot has happened to me and I've barely had time to breath!
2) Castiel has had many years to work through his past even though it still haunts him with bottoming it doesn't effect his feelings towards topping. He has no painful memories of that and topping with Dean has always been of his own free will.
“I want a big family too, but I want to raise them up the right way. Not like my parents.” Dean side eyed Cas but didn’t say anything. He went back to watching the presentation. Feeling slightly upset he snapped at Cas.
The alpha was still giving shallow thrusts as he spilled cum into Dean completely marking him inside and out. He was finally sated.
Suddenly a scream could be heard from outside. The slamming of doors and shouting from upstairs made him pause. This was his chance to bolt, Dean took the steps quickly now and only froze at the sound of a gunshot that turned his blood to ice.
"That's when it got worse. My mother always had her over despite my protest and my brothers ways harassed me for being 'scared' of her. It was like I couldn't escape her I was only seventeen at the time, so I just stood my ground and told her no." Dean had stilled his hands on Castiel's side right over his ribs, he pressed his forehead between Castiel's shoulder blades and just listened.
“Oh gosh, Jackie that bite is just amazing! I just love those matching infinity symbols you got under them!” Dean choked on his coffee at the sight of the beta Jackie's tattoo. He held back a laugh and bumped into Cas.
"Oh thank god! Now get your pee stick out of my face and kiss me!" Dean dropped the test and captured Castiel's lips. "Dean, I feel like I'm going to pass out!" Castiel laughed and dropped to his knees pulling up Dean's shirt and kissing his stomach. "Thank you, just wait a little longer." He mumbled into Dean's stomach as he trailed kisses across his soft skin. Dean let out a sigh and laughed. Castiel moved down to his hips and went to unbutton his jeans.
Cas could smell the mix of excitement and arousal Dean left behind him and he was taking the steps three at a time, he felt his teeth sharpen slightly as the excitement built in his gut at the thought of finally catching Dean. Slamming the door open he spotted Dean trying to open the room as fast as possible. The second the key clicked and the handle turned Castiel was upon him, falling into the room he closed the door with his foot. Pinning Dean to the wall Castiel rewarded himself by burying himself into Dean’s neck.
“I love you too,” Dean replied kissing his forehead. Cas pulled away, wiping his eyes “Do you still want coffee?” Cas nodded smiling weakly, Dean took his hand and they walked over to the coffee shop.
“Few hours, skipped classes today so I can’t stay long.” Dean’s face fell slightly. “But it’s okay, I’ll see you in a few weeks, right?” Dean nodded still upset over his friend's short-lived visit.
"You can't skate, can you?" Cas asked him snickering,  Dean flipped him off. Castiel gave him a light smile and held a hand out for Dean. “It’s not that hard, take my hand and I’ll show you.” Dean slowly let go of the wall and gripped Castiel’s hand like a vice. He was wobbly and off balance, his center of gravity was pulling him both ways and he tightened all his muscles.
Despite the fan, the bathroom still had steam in the air and the silhouette of Castiel's body. He ran his fingers through his hair under the water and hummed slightly. The sight already had Dean's blood flowing.
"Rachel, I need to do something very important." All Castiel wanted to do was talk to Dean. He knew Rachel was a stubborn girl so he would need to think of something she deemed important, and having a conversation wasn't it.
“He smells like honey, like what the hell man? Oh and did I mention he’s a fucking Novak?” The line went dead, Jo was obviously shocked or calculating a plan.
"Yes, they are in recovery now, the nurse will lead you." The man who approached him gave him a smile and gestured for him to follow.
"That was Rachel, she would have been here for hours and we need to talk." Dean gave him a questioning look and walked over to sit in Castiel's bed.
"I am Dean, please." Castiel pulled himself into a sitting position and hissed in pain. "My back is just sore." But he winced in pain yet again.
At that Castiel pushed in sinking deep into Dean his eyes squinted shut and mouth hung slightly open. Dean let out a slight whimper at the sudden stretch but his body produced enough slick for it to slide in smoothly.
"Thank you." Castiel was genuinely happy he was approved by such an important person in Dean's life.
Pulling out his phone he punched in Sams number. He's legs felt restless so he walked around campus as he waited for his brother to pick up.
"Well, we're all good. Jo and Ash are the same and Adam is still trying to act like the smooth bastard he isn't. Mom is great and keeps asking when you'll be home. Dad, well he's as static as they come. Nothing has changed."  Dean didn't expect anything to really change with his father. And it seemed his pack was just how he left them.
"Need a quarter?" Dean asked, fishing one out of his pocket. Cas took it putting it through the slot and hitting play. The booth filled with the sounds of "Your Love" by The Outfield. Dean's lip quirked.
“Sammy and I have this rule,” Dean said coming to a stop at a red light, leaning in very close “Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cake hole.” He flicked the side of Cas’ head before returning his hands to the wheel.
"Kinda a lot, when I move or breath." Dean looked back at himself. At least this was from great sex and not some freak in the woods.
"Okay, I don't know if it's my turn but I guess I am in debt to you but then again so are you. Anyway...the panty story." Castiel perked up a little, how did Dean even discover his liking for lace and satin. " alright well as you already know Jo and I had flings when it was convenient for us. And well we sometimes got creative or did dares. It isn’t a grand story of anything she just um, she made me try on her panties. They were pink. And satiny. And you know what? I kind of liked it." Castiel had the widest smile on and Dean looked at him almost embarrassed by the attention.
They took their massive burgers and pile of fries from her and started to devour them. Cas dipped a fry in milkshake and held it out for Dean, which he took, smiling as he did.
"I mated into the Novak pack." Dean fell backward into his bed and braced himself waiting for his brother's reaction. He knew Sam knew the Novak pack, practically everyone did. The one in a billion family, well except for who they seem to call their dirty secret.
"So, how did your packs join?" It was the first Castiel had talked in a while, he was just sitting absorbing all the info he could on them. He wanted to learn the dynamics so he didn’t make any wrong moves.
“This is why we can’t have nice things!” Dean said teasingly, before kissing his cheek. He earned a few smiles from the others in the coffee shop.
“Fucking shit!” Dean yelled enough for anyone upstairs to hear. Wearing nothing but his boxers, his leg still pale from the lack of sun. His feet were bare on the cold concrete floor and he felt exposed. The situation was growing worse by the minute as Dean search the basement for alternate escape routes. The walls are cement and there were no windows. The only other door he saw was to his left and it wasn't even a real room. Plywood with the doorway cut out and a curtain covering it. The chances of that room even being an escape route were slim to none. He was put in this damn hole for a reason and that was to stay put. Dean has never been so lucky to have something like a magical door to be dropped right in front of him. No, that isn’t how his life works.
"Yes, please Dean this is torture." Dean only laughed and grabbed Castiel's cock and placed it against his wet heat.
"I do and trust me like seventy-five percent of his family is horrible but there are three in that pack who are great. Well, four including Cas."
“Leave it.” He grumbled, releasing Dean’s hand. Dean felt his heart leap into his throat, knotting up and making it hard to breathe. He could feel fat little tears swelling in front of his eyes.
lier- unless it was towards his mother. She could melt the truth out of him with a smile and a 'mmhmm you sure?'
The house was only lit by the sunlight that managed to pass through the thick trees that surrounded the house and they each walked in silence, Dean slightly bumped into Cas and felt the alpha linger for a little but eventually pulled away and walked around to the passenger side. Dean wonders if the entire ride home will be like this and he prays that Castiel will break his silence.
“We were just talking about Meg, and how she calls him this dumb name, and he freaked out.” Dean sighed rubbing the bridge of his nose.
"Ready?" Dean answered by pushing himself up by his knees and dropping back down. He pulled a surprised gasp from Castiel and smiled. Castiel's hands snaked down one to slide over Dean's thighs and the other to slide up his shirt and pressed his fingers into the soft give of his stomach that was hardening with every constriction of muscle.
"Can I see them?" John was nearly giddy at the thought of his son, Dean. That was the name they had agreed upon if it was a male. John had wanted to know the second they could tell the sex but Mary was the or carrying and he respected her wish.
Once it warmed up he clicked open the internet and signed into his email. Composing a new one he typed in his mother's name.
"Time for my mark." Dean let out a low growl before he leaned down to nip at his ear lobe. Excitement pulsed off of them like firecrackers setting off in the air. Their skin heated as Dean slowly traced out the perfect place for his mark, tracing circles with his tongue. Castiel was letting out small shaking purs and soft whimpers. He was putty in Dean’s hands and if he didn’t have such a burning need to mark the alpha he would drag this out. Finding the perfect spot he sank his teeth deep into Castiel's skin. Lapping at the droplets of blood from his mark he started to purr. It was like a flood of relief to complete the mating; fueling the passion they’d both been holding back for so damn long. It felt amazing and Dean wished he had done it sooner. Dean could feel a low rumble deep in Castiel's chest and before he knew it, he was on his back as his alpha ravished him. Sucking at his mark and nipping his neck. They both had an extreme demand for physical contact that they couldn't deny themselves.
"Gotta love the smell of omega in the morning." He gave Dean a wicked smile that made is stomach turn.
Dean’s jaw was extended as far as it could go and his lips hurt from being stretched so far but he waited for Castiel’s first load to finish before he skillfully unknotted his mouth. He looked at Castiel who watched him with half-lidded eyes and a blissed-out smile. Leaning in slowly to palm Dean’s erection but the omega pushed him away.
"Speaking of this you're still going strong, know when you will untie me?" Dean asked trying to look over his shoulder at Cas.
"Oh, Castiel can I talk to you out in the hall?" Jo smiled and Cas looked over at Dean until he raised a confused eyebrow indicating he had no idea what she was up to.
That's how he came up with this plan. He wanted to surprise Cas with something and a double bed was something they have both been too lazy to order. So Dean took matters into his own hands by pushing the twin beds together. Turning the mattresses horizontal so neither of them fell through the crevice. He kept their original sheets and comforter so it was a mix of blue and red, but it worked perfectly.
"He treated me like a lab rat! Always telling me not to tell anyone and it was normal for an omega to do this! He said it would help me in the future and god damn I looked up to the man so I believed him!" Dean's face was turning red and his eyes glazed over with unshed tears. Castiel had no idea what to say, so he sat back and listened. Dean's probably kept every word bottles up, it was about time he popped. "No it wasn't until high school when I decided to look a few things up, and boy was I surprised to find out there was nothing on the market for any of that stuff! So yeah, I sure as hell bet my dad did care about me...this is until I turned seven and crushed his damn dreams."
“No, Cas I was just sleeping because there was nothing good on TV.” Dean grumbled sitting up. Castiel faltered slightly, maybe Dean wasn’t interested.
"So big alpha, you ever bottom?" Dean asked playful and he didn't notice Castiel's body stiffen or his eyes still. He didn't know Castiel's blood felt like ice and his mind flashed triggers over and over and the only thing keeping him grounded where the warm arms around him and the smell of leather and home. Dean. What Dean did notice was the curling smell of panic in the air. Dean waved his hand in front if Castiel's face.
The coffee shop’s smell was as welcoming as ever. The crisp scent of air that was funneled through an AC mixed with the warm smell of frothy cream and freshly ground coffee beans. Dean walked right up to Alfie who smiled cheerfully at the two of them. He took one whiff of their scents and smirked.
"Because I had no idea you were the fucking the god of hip-gyration." Cas joked and buried his nose into the back of Dean's hair. "Why haven't you shown me that before?"
“Cas, you are very vulnerable right now and I will not hesitate to punch you in the dick.” Water poured down onto them both and Castiel starts nipping and sucking at Dean’s neck.
“Breed me up!? What even- how did-” Castiel was sputtering, arousal was clouding his mind because Dean’s act was hot enough to melt Antarctica.
"No, I'm in college I want a job and Cas and I haven't talked about pups and probably won't until-."
"Uh, yeah I'm mated. What can I not have morning sex?" Pamela had one terrifying nose on her, since she was blind her sense of smell could rival a lifetime mate when it came to identifying changes.
"That is either a really good or a totally horrible thing, man." The cashier joked but Castiel was completely not up for it. He gave a small growl and the man quickly rang him up.
"Drop it? Did you just ask me to ignore that fight that happened before my eyes over you and out son! I went through a hell of a pregnancy with him and he has had to grow up being the man of the house at some points and you are telling me to forget about that!" Mary was infuriated, she was sure if she was an alpha her nails and teeth would have sharpened and eyes would be the color of blood.
“Oh, fuck her Cas, I mean really we have one more day and then kiss her ass goodbye!”  Castiel only nodded, this trip was more trouble than he thought it would be. Sitting in a room all day was not always fun, especial with an angsty mate so Dean decided to turn his mood around.
"Fuck." He whispered to himself, his voice hoarse and weak. Clicking his name he called the alpha. He picked up on the first ring.
"Cas?" Dean asked with a sleep graceless voice and squinting eyes. "Did I just get off in my dream?" Dean looked down at his stomach that was covered in ribbons of his own cum. Castiel gave him a quizzical look and shook his head.
Castiel’s gaze was penetrating through his thick lashes and gave Dean a mischievous smile. Castiel gripped Dean’s hips and pulled him closer and placed his mouth under his navel. Dean gave a small hum of approval but the sound of water slapping against his skin filled the bathroom. Castiel made a smooth path of kisses around his hips and his thigh, avoiding his growing erection.
“Yeah I have totally heard that before.” A small man spoke up “I mean let’s see your mark, buddy.” Dean glared at the other alpha and pointed to the bite on his neck.
“I just love sucking on sweet things, you know. That’s why pie is my favorite.” And at that Dean leaned in and caused Castiel to full-on cry as he gave small kitten licks across his head and long think pulls on the underside pressing into the bulging vein.
Adam handed him one of those brushes you get in a four-pack for a dollar, nothing special, red plastic, and bristles. The only strange thing was Adam knew just what he needed. Shrugging it off as A+ hospitality Castiel squirted out a small amount of toothpaste and ran it under a trickle of water. Scrubbing away at his teeth he looked over at Dean who was already rinsing his mouth out.
With a huff, they broke apart and went back to digging through their bags. Dean settled with an ancient ACDC shirt and light jeans.
"I have a very select clientele, very picky and I needed to find a dominating and powerful Onega and that just so happen to be you"
"I'll be back, let's do something tonight." Castiel nodded and gave him a loving smile and whispered something Dean couldn't quite make out. Shrugging Dean responded with what he assumed Castiel said.
“Oh little Winchester what have you gotten yourself into.” With that Dean shot off running in the direction of the dorm. A sudden instinct to chase hit Castiel and a growl rumbled in his chest at the thought of anyone even thinking of following Dean but himself.
“Knees,” Dean spoke and ran a hand down Castiel’s chest with light fingers. “Come on.” Castiel nodded and placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders and lowered himself, dragging his nails into Dean’s skin as he went down. He looked up and sprinkles of water that splashed off of Dean’s shoulders hit his face. “Surprise me.”
When he jumped out he sprayed the room down and scrubbed at his sheets with hand soap and hot water from the sink. Finally after his thirty minute ordeal, Dean threw his sheets over the shower door to dry and crept out of the bathroom. Dean's scent was replaced with the smell of alpha spunk and he tried to ignore the way his cock twitched. Castiel must have had one hell of a dream to have slept through it all. Climbing back into his bare mattress Dean tried to close his eyes and catch the last few hours he had of sleep, but his skin was heating up again as his stomach was twisting in knots. Obviously sleep was not going to come easily tonight.
"Dean." Castiel spoke with a firm voice and walked over to stand in front of his mate. "I don't know what is going in with you these last weeks but you have been acting off. You are constantly stressed to the point where you still haven't gotten your heat. Have you even been eating? You look pale and kinda paranoid and I swear you will not leave this room until you tell me what is wrong." Castiel looked down at his unmoving mate who kept his eyes locked on the floor. "Dean." Finally, he looked up and caught Castiel's worried gaze.
"No! I was winning!" He cried. Dean let go and opened the door holding it for Cas who quirked an eyebrow. Dean shrugged. "Burgers aren't technically dates." He said. Cas nodded.
"How in the world do you think I could hide being omega when every time I have sex I self lubricant?" Castiel couldn’t help but laugh and press his lips on Dean's. "but I had you going didn't I?" Castiel nodded.
Letting out a huff Dean opened up his notebook and looked over what books he needed. Taking a few extra English classes over the years was for Dean's own pleasure. He didn't pay much attention to his major, it interested him but it wasn't his goal in life. He didn’t want to be some hotshot, he wanted to be a happy mechanic in a jumpsuit covered in oil.
Okay I hope you liked it we wrote this chapter a long time ago and made a lot of last minute changes.
“Is that uncle I hear?” The voice of his brother came from the bedroom across the basement. Within seconds the sound of small bare feet slapping against hard wood came from the hallway.
Dean’s ear was ringing on the left side that he had been hit on but refused to give the man any satisfaction that his actions were affecting him in any way. The man turned to Crowley losing interest in Dean.
“Act like a dog, you get put down like one.” That was when Castiel registered the gun Crowley had pointed at him and before he could react a warm liquid was spreading across his stomach and the shot was ringing in his ears. Staggering Castiel attempted a few more steps still determined to reach Crowly but stumbled and landed in a bush. His brain was screaming at him to get up, kill him.
"Are you twelve or something?" Dean glared at him and shoved his hand into the bag and stuffed his face. Dean chewed swallowed and dug back in.
"I-I'm sorry, I seem to get into these odd-" Castiel said shocked at his apparently uncontrollable action.
The past few weeks had been hell for Dean, he couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched and he couldn’t function under the extra stress. He knew that Castiel felt he was hiding something from him but he couldn’t bring himself to put the stress on him. So when Dean woke up just as he did every morning, he was startled by the sad, worry-filled blue eyes that were watching him. Blinking away his sleep fogged vision he took in the unsettling image in front of him. a nagging chant of bad mate, bad mate, bad mate trailed through his mind and he started the morning with guilt gnawing away at his stomach.
"I didn't want to tell you so you didn't worry yourself but, it's getting worse. He's coming up to me more, getting more comfortable." A small growl rumbled in Castiel's throat. "See, you would go all alpha."
"Ellen and I are headed out to the store, any requests?" A mess of voices started talking that went from doughnuts, Funyuns, beer, Twizzlers, and pineapple.
“Okay.” Cas said, but it sounded more like a question to Dean. Instead of addressing it, Dean kissed Cas, sending the full force of his body weight into the Alpha, and knocking the two of them to the ground. It was a fight for dominance as Dean rolled Castiel onto his back and started rutting into him with pure lust. Castiel bucked up enthusiastically as he slid his tongue into Dean’s hot mouth.
He slowly inched towards the back of the car pulling Castiel by his lips so he could push the both of them inside the back seat. Dean snaked his hand around the wet hair at the nap of Castiel's neck and coaxed him into the back seat to pull the from the rain.
“Relax on these rolling death blades?” Dean was wide eyed but the brush of red over his cheeks showed his embarrassment.
“Good!” She laughed, her eyes were practically gold and that seemed odd to Dean. Until he saw her father and if she wasn’t a spitting image of him. He wore an army green button-up and light washed jeans. A large smile curled on his face when he saw his brother. His eyes drifted to Dean briefly and moved back to his daughter.
Once he was upstairs he followed the sound and the smell of his alpha was at his nose, fresh-cut grass, and copper. Something was wrong, very very wrong. Castiel was here somewhere and that made the sound of the gunshot all the more horrifying. As quickly and quietly as he could he slipped through the empty dining room and found the backdoor open. Crowley’s meager form stood under a dim yellow porch light. He talking out into the darkness and Dean took his chance to attack from behind. Pulling the rope out of his pocket he held it taut as he snuck through the dilapidated kitchen and towards the doorway. His mouth salivated and his heart raced he needed to be silent but his body kept screaming to pounce on him, tear him apart. But if Crowley had a gun he needed to be careful.
“I’m not, I bet I could easily beat you if I used my alpha traits.” Their chest were still moving rapidly and they had no idea how long they were actually fighting for.
But his body betrayed him and he felt the dampness creep across his entire abdomen the feeling in his fingers fleeted. The world drifted off around him.
"Fuck off, Alistair. Why do you not know how to listen." The man in front of him was nearly drooling, musk leaking from his pores. It was rut, the pungent smell of horny alpha filled Deans nose.
"We all have our calling." Cas mused laying back into his pillow. They were both looking up at the ceiling. The one damn thing that hasn't changed since the school year started. Still flaking away.
"In the-" Dean wobbled on his wheels "-the di-ick-k, woah-" he fumbled steadying himself by clutching the wall "in the dick, Castiel." Cas rolled smoothly back over to him.
Obviously Dean's wet dreams were effecting his unconscious roommate. The smell of Castiel was being overrun by the scent of Dean's arousal.
"What's today? Did I miss it? Oh god, how could I forget Beckett. Jesus this has been a crazy past few months." Dean looked at Castiel like he had three heads during his freak out.
“I just don’t understand her, I mean why does it even matter?” Castiel slumped down on the bed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Dean sat beside him and gently rubbed his shoulder.
It was one swift movement that had Dean on his back and Castiel pushed hard against him. He was slotted so perfectly near Dean’s ass. Sliding two fingers down he started to stretch out his omega. The warm wet slick helped him slide in easily and move around. Pressing the pads of his fingers into Dean’s walls and started to scissor him out.
“Suppressants are great in short doses, usually used six to nine months at a time with three month break periods. Some omegas use them without the break period and say it’s unnecessary to stop. That is false, if you don’t take break periods you body becomes immune to them. They become utterly useless and your body goes back into it normal heat cycle. Then you are left with no way to supress your heat.”  Dean was watching with wide eyes and a gaping mouth. She continued on but it fell on deaf ears, Dean was still trying to process what she had just said.
"You're right, I'm sorry it's an innocent mistake any-" Castiel couldn't finish his sentence without laughing. "Oh Dean I'm sorry but I'm like a hundred and thirty-five percent sure they teach you that in elementary school!" Dean ignored Castiel's laughter and pressed lightly on the gas as the minivan drove to the second window.
“Dean fucking Winchester I will break down this door if you don’t open it, now!” Dean’s jaw dropped as he looked at the door and jumped to his feet. Just before he opened the door Castiel moaned as he came, again. He had about four more of those until his knot was going to go down and this was a terrible time for quests especially.
"I fucking care! God I spent half my life treating him like a god and the other telling myself he is trash! Why do I care? Because I guess I'm tired of fucking disappointing people." His voice lowered at the end of his sentence.
“Has your pack bonded with any others?” Ellen asked and tilted her head ever so slightly, her mahogany hair falling from her shoulder and held itself in a soft wave.
“Uh, yeah some cute redhead a few hours ago.” Dean stuttered and wouldn't look the alpha in the eyes.
"Okay, fine. Go on and meet up with Alfie so I can get this over with." Cas huffed out a laugh and walked to Dean to place a kiss on his forehead and lightly scent him.
Thankfully he was on birth control and conceiving in your first heat is very rare, but not impossible. Dean would just have to remember to count the weeks between his cycle, memories his patter to better equip himself.  God knows that last thing Dean needs is an illegitimate pup with a stranger.
"God Cas please no," Dean begged for him not to gang up on him but suddenly Alistair’s cold hands weren't wrapped around his neck and blood chilling snarls were being exchanged behind him.
"What? Was it some drunken hookup? Wait when did they find out you were an omega? It was a drunken hookup, wasn’t it...Damnit, Dean!"
"Cas, I-I just. I needed someone to talk to after last night." This was slowly moving into a chick flick moment.
"Chocolate milkshake?" Dean asked the girl, batting his long eyelashes at her. She blushed crimson, nodding and scribbling it down, taking his menu away. Cas crossed his arms and started toying with the jukebox, flipping the pages.
"We're in the same class." This time Dean received a smile that was a little creepy. His dark shirt and pants didn't help him look any more inviting, neither did his black overcoat. He was rather short but slightly intimidating even to Dean. That's the part that made him feel uneasy.
"Dean, I will be right outside, call me if you need me." Castiel leaned in to place a kiss on Dean's forehead and gingerly scented him. He walked out and closed the door behind him, Dean didn't need someone breathing down his neck right now. Not when he could be pregnant. Castiel felt a little dizzy at the thought of pups crawling over him. Not now, not yet, he needed some time, just a year or so after graduation.
"Alistair hasn't been seen in a few weeks, and I kick ass at fighting. Don't stress yourself out over it." Dean was rubbing Castiel's shoulder trying to comfort him.
Thinking about it only made him angrier so he tried to clear his mind. There was only one thing he could do now. And that was walking home.
Snapping his head up he saw Crowley standing in the doorway and nothing but fury registered in Castiel’s brain. Standing up from his position on top of the groaning man Castiel started towards the beta who just stood there and smiled.
“She is here to be your bottom bitch, Cas.” Dean bit out as he glared daggers at Meg, she had this sadistic smile on her lips. Like she was enjoying this commotion she was causing.
“A way to a man’s heart is his stomach.” and his cervix Castiel added mentally and let out and snickered.
“Keep your eyes on the road.” Cas scolded, biting his lips to keep from smiling. He could taste Dean’s salty breath on his mouth like it was burned into his skin. They were both quiet as the track changed to “Moby Dick.” Cas reached to change it and Dean swatted his hand. “Oh come on it’s, like, fifteen minutes of instrumental!”
Dean nods and doesn't bother speaking, his throat tightened, fire shot through his stomach and scorched his face. Suddenly fear burns into him, fear of being found out, fear of his father. He had always been taught being an omega was not an option. John prided himself on the thought of an alpha family. Excluding his beta mother that is. In the end he only got one alpha. That's Sammy, Adam is a beta, but no one disappointed John more than Dean. The failed alpha. Dean didn't see anything wrong with being an omega. He had the power to bring pups into the world. He never said those words out loud; as far as his father knows Dean hates himself just as much as he does. Castiel finding out is not an option.
Walking over to his section he sees it's empty, scanning the shelves for F he finds it. Pulling out the book he looks over the cover.
"Fuck." Dean had been really neglecting his work, what with Castiel's rut and the heart attack-inducing freak out over the pregnancy scare. Dean decided he should go to the library and work instead of going to eat with Cas. With a sigh, Dean pulled himself off the bed and grabbed his books from his desk. He would much rather do his work here but he was in need of a few books he could only find at the library. Throwing everything into his bag he made his way out of his room. Locking his door behind him he started off down the moderately empty hallway.
"Now as a male omega his heats may seem scary at first, we have a lot of leaflets on what to expect." But Dean had tuned him out after the first few words. Omega? No, that must be wrong! He was an alpha! He grew up to be an alpha, not an omega. He didn't show any traits of being an omega!
The coffee shop is a welcoming place, Dean feels like he's been cooped up for weeks. He approaches the counter first to greet Alfie.
Dean persuades Castiel back upstairs for a late morning nap and who was Castiel to turn down more sleep? Castiel should have known Dean wasn't planning to sleep but he was surprised to find they weren't having sex either.
The walk to the Sex ED class was long and a little awkward. Cas had the overwhelming urge to hold Dean’s hand, but he knew that must have been a rule. So his hand tapped the side of his leg, as he bit on the plastic of the coffee cup.
"You need to get to the room, you're like a fucking beacon to those knotheats." Cas shoved his way inside and pulled Dean in behind him. "Those sick fucks can't control a damn thing about themselves!"
It wasn’t working, Dean’s stomach was twisted and a knot had formed in his throat, he felt awful for what he was doing. Even now just thinking of it a wave of panic rolled over him. what if he was being watched right now? The soothing moment was killed as he felt phantom eyes creeping over his private moments with Cas, he wanted to shield them and growl at the ghost of a wolf that had been following him. The only thing more terrifying than being followed was the notion that he could be imagining it all.
Ahhh yes end it at that, Dean are you enjoying this little mishap of yours? Oh tisk tisk little omega...
"Why don't you back the fuck off. Because I will gladly kick your ass if you don't." They both growled at one another and Dean pushed through and continued on downstairs. He heard people talking in the kitchen and stopped at the landing of the steps.
“F-f-uckk.” Dean’s feet started sliding out from under him and he quickly scrambled to throw his arms around Castiel’s shoulder. The extra weight took Cas off guard and they both toppled to the floor, Castiel landing flat on his ass with Dean still white knuckling his shoulders.
“See ‘ya then.” Castiel gave a huff of laughter and watched Dean walk off towards the large brick building dedicated to a professor who was long dead.
"Hey kitten, you okay. Smell kind of...needy." Alistar’s lisp made him sound like a snake ready to kill.
“Like a band-aid, Cas.” Castiel gave a small smile and took Dean’s hand. How horrible could it really be?
Okay, I have such a weird feeling that this was a really short chapter so Emilie and I are thinking about putting up chapter 5 on Friday or something (Don't hold us to it!) Depends how guilty we feel about the length!
Weaving around cars Dean can see his building, just a little further and he can get away from this sick fuck. Cutting through the alley he leaps up the steps pulls open the door and smashes right into Cas. Landing flat on his ass he look up at the alpha with wide terrified eyes.
"No dude, most definitely GMO." Castiel didn't know if this was actually funny or if the lack of sleep and purely exhausting day was lowering his standards of humor.
Castiel easily complied, but not all the nausea had gone away, from the fear and shock of possibly being pregnant. But we’re not pregnant, we’re not, this is good, right? Dean huffs at his own thoughts. Of course, it’s good, they weren’t ready to have pups. They weren’t. Castiel looked at him inquisitively, Dean realized that he had been staring at the wall, his lips pressed against Cas’ but not moving.
"Yes, I do." Castiel laughed and placed a chaste kiss on Dean's cheek. It took a lot of restraint for Dean not to storm out and confront his father, yes Castiel wasn't in any grave danger unless he started peeing blood. That would be just what they needed. Nevertheless, there was a line. And John parted the Red Sea on it and fucked it up badly.
“Cas!” Dean shouted jumping off the bed and out into the hallway that was filled with other alphas. “Castiel!” Was the last thing he screamed before the alpha disappeared into the stairwell. Dean stood motionlessly in the hallway as other wolves shot conspicuous  looks over at him. The breath was knocked out of him as bile rose in his mouth, what had he done? He had screwed up so terribly, the mark was the only thing that kept Cas by him. He didn’t love him, not like Dean so blatantly did. Dean chewed the inside of his cheek. What was he to do now?
"My guess is the scent blockers." Castiel's voice was unwavering, his voice didn't show anger or any emotion at that. But he knew, of course, he did how stupid was Dean to think Castiel wouldn't notice his lack of smell. He just assumed he would be able to sneak a shower before seeing his alpha.
"Damn I'm scared." She didn't lift her head, she was fighting back tears and couldn't talk to Ellen face to face. "I can't do anything, my words only go so far!"
"I don't like it," Dean mumbled from behind the curtain. Castiel knew he was going to say that but that was just Dean being Dean. Leather and jeans with messy oil-covered T-shirts. That was his mate.
"No, I'm not going to go at it again you're so good to me. Go back to sleep it should go down in a few then I can rub your legs." Dean hummed in agreement and closed his eyes.
“Dean, just ask I mean I don’t really have that many secrets.” Lie. Dean looked down at the scratchy carpet.
“Cas, I have to piss.” Dean groaned and tried to pull away again but was quickly pinned to the bed by Castiel who now rolled on top of him and caged Dean between strong arms.
Dean turned around to look at Jo and then to Castiel standing with wide eyes in the bathroom doorway.
Castiel had sat in bed long enough, Dean should be back by now...shouldn’t he? Castiel was out of bed in seconds pulling on a zip up and shoes. He prayed to god Dean didn’t go to the woods. He didn’t want to chase after Dean once he left knowing he might need some time but he was pushing an hour and it was well past midnight.
His phone glowed with eleven missed calls from Cas and a few apologetic text that soon became frantic.
I'm so sorry if there are typos Emilie is MIA! She wasn't in school and I couldn't reach her so if needed we will go back in and edit some more.
In unison they smacked down two six's. With a smile, they each dealt out three face-down cards, and one held tight in their hand.
Time passed slowly as the conversation in the living room started to warm up again even though the fight was still looming in the air, but they ignored it. It went back to memories of everyone as pups. Castiel's favorite story was Dean and Sam dressed as superman and Batman and jumping off Bobby's shed. It just sounded like something Dean would do. But he casually lifted himself off the sofa and went in search of Dean.
“What?” There was a fifty-fifty chance that either Castiel misheard Dean or just didn’t know what bottom bitch meant.
"Well if you would excuse me I think I'm going to jump in and take a cold shower because I am getting slick all over your bed."
"Holy shit, do I have one?" Cas jumped up and looked over his naked body. He didn’t remember them exchanging bites.
Ripping his hand back Alistair wrapped his hand tight around Dean’s throat and with the other he slapped him clear across the face. He pressed his groin down to rut against Dean thigh.
Dean was still sliding a loose fist over their cocks and craved the feeling of Castiel inside him. “Baby,” Dean moaned into Castiel mouth as he rocked back onto his finger. Cas took that as an invitation to slide in a second digit to scissor him open. “Mmm, come on.” Castiel gave a light hearted laugh and placed one last kiss on Dean’s swollen lips before he grabbed his own cock, Dean was on his knees and used his feet as leverage to lift himself up and over Cas. Lining himself up he rubbed against Dean to coat himself in slick so he could ease in. Pushing in slowly until the crown of his head disappeared into Dean’s tight heat, he froze. Cas looked up at Dean’s face, he bit his lip but the smile still created wrinkles around his bright eyes as he lowered himself fully sheathing himself onto Cas.
This time a smile made its way onto Cas’ lips as he imagined ripping the man’s throat out, feeling his blood on his hands. The smell of copper in the cool spring air, it was all so tempting. An incredibly animalistic thought for him but these were extreme times. This man played a part in his mate’s capture and for that, he would die. Cas was a protective mate but never in his life would he imagine he would be in a fight to the death.
"Hello." He said, he looked a little bored and based on how often he checked his watch, his shift was almost over.
The woman’s presentation lasted only a few more minutes and once it was over Dean sprang from his seat and stormed off towards the door.
"Cas, we are like so fucked. I-I holy fuck." Dean was babbling like mad and Castiel couldn't follow for the life of him.
Alistair taking his chance jumped on Dean to pin him down. He snarled down at the omega, an obvious show of dominance and Dean returned the gesture. Dean's back was pressed into the damp grass and his hand was being crushed under Alistair's weight. If he was getting out if this he would need both hands.
“I-I don’t know but I mean people have broken a bond before, we just have to think this through.” Dean glared at Castiel, think it through? He was already dealing with being a god for saken omega that was just outed and now he has to deal with a fucking mate?
"Well come on!" He demanded and Castiel's hips snapped into a rhythm and almost sobbed with joy from Dean’s command. Pushing in deep and slow drawing out any possible sound from Dean’s lips. And boy did he have some. A string of curses followed by begging and then babble of cries and whimpers.
“Then let’s not tell him, it can be a secret just to cover you for the year. I’m not trying to manipulate you Dean. You have all the say in this and I will find another way out of this, but it’s going to hurt. Why not spend time researching it throughout the year? Find the best possible way to end it. I’m sorry I did this to you Dean but we have to make a choice now.” Castiel looked into Dean’s dull green eyes, dark circles and imprints from the pillow made him look older than he was.
His father had never come to a doctor's appointment so he was excited, it was a family event a coming of age celebration.
"I-I am so damn scared, Cas." Dean didn't move from his spot so Castiel walked over to lead him into the bathroom. Pulling out each individual test from the bag Cas lined them up on the counter. Dean was sitting on the toilet with the lid closed. He held one test in his hand, it was still wrapped but his eyes locked onto the picture. One line is negative and two means positive.
"Dad's a jackass." Dean spat, he didn't want to come off so mean to his mother, she didn't do anything.
“Fact for fact? Is that like truth or dare because the last time I played that I had to lick Sammy’s foot.” Cas chuckled and lightly placed a hand on Dean’s abdomen.
"I've been waiting for that," Mary spoke up from across the room. Every head in the room turned away from the door and back to her "Sometimes I think Dean is too good of a son for John." Mary ran a shaky hand through her golden hair and placed her bag down, the door not even shut behind her, Ellen held firm at her side.
"Oh that is so much better" Dean stretched his legs out the best he could and he clenched around Castiel causing the alpha to shutter behind him. Causing another load to empty into Dean with a whimper from Cas. Dean laughed at Castiel who burrowed into his neck.
“Maybe it’s time to remind Castiel how to keep omegas in line.” She spoke from behind placing a soft hand on lucifers inner elbow.
"Guess I'm gonna disappoint you too." And at that he slammed the door behind him. Castiel froze in bed, his throat felt like it was closing and his eyes prickled. What had just happened? What did he do? How could he fix it?
"Now this isn't going to be like last night, I'm in charge now, baby." Castiel bit his lip and thrust his hips forward a little to bounce Dean in his lap. "Just lay back." Dean slid his hands from Castiel's stomach up to his chest, pushing him down into the pillows.
"I went to the wood to blow off some steam, I- I need you. I don't think I can make it home." Dean's shoulder was still bleeding and his hand was swollen and utterly useless at the moment. His ankle was proving to be a problem and he knew he couldn't make it home, slowly he lowered himself between the accord and a civic. The cold ground pushed through his jeans and bit at his skin as sharp pieces of gravel dug into his leg.
“I’m sorry I’m sorry.” she lifted her hands in fake surrender. "I really didn't know your school was this far away, got lost a few times." Dean laughed knowing Jo was never one to ask for directions and he could totally see her swearing at a cheap gas station map on the side of the road.
That’s what Dean wanted, a big pack with good values. He loved pups, he needed to find a nice mate that would want to bring up strong willed omegas and caring alphas.  A nice mate like Cas, just not Cas. Because Castiel is just his cover mate, they will part ways at the end of the year and find their real mate.
"I'm usually into handcuffs and all but I'm going to have to SafeWord." day one of his training 'make them think you were in control'
“Yeah, I guess that makes sense.” They both piled out of the car and Castiel pulled their bag out from the back. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist protectively and continued up the perfectly paved driveway and passed the three car garage.
Castiel couldn’t believe he was looking at houses with Dean, the roommate that hated his guts. “Ellen and Bobby wanted to give me, well us, a check for our first month's rent. I told them no but Ellen insisted and I don’t plan on dying any time soon so I accepted it.”
With a devilish smirk, Dean turned towards Cas and held up three fingers. Castiel cocked his head slightly and raised an eyebrow.
“Oh, no. I will just have to do it myself.” Dean let a laugh slip past his lips but Castiel managed to keep a straight face on.
Dean toyed with the neon green wheels on the bottom of the boot before putting them on. Cas was already warming up rolling around him, encouraging him to hurry up.
“You know what I love about pie?” Dean whispered into Castiel’s mouth. “It has that crunchy flaky crust that is almost buttery.” Dean purred into Castiel’s mouth as he started to undo his jeans and set his dick free from the harsh fabric. “ It’s just so sweet and sticky. I always make such a mess with it. Licking it off my fingers and cheek.” Dean slowly lowered his body so he was inches from Castiel’s still boxer clad cock. Dean had his ass raised and pushed against the door since the impala wasn't really made for this. Castiel was leaning completely in his door and it took all his restrain not to grab Dean and shove him into his groin. Almost as if the omega had read his mind he leaned in and pulled his jeans past his waist to mouth through his boxers at Cas’ dick. Castiel let out a choked off yelp as he bucked forward wanting to fuck into Dean’s hot mouth. “But I think that is my favorite part of pie, getting to lick myself clean after. Sometimes I slide my finger around in the leftover smears. Taking my time to suck every drop off my fingers.” Finally, Dean started pulling down his boxers and Cas’ hissed with his cock bobbed in the cool air. Resting against his stomach with beads of precome dripping onto him he almost bit his tongue in anticipation.
"No problem Dean, I mean we are family." They both laughed but Dean was cut off by his phone. Pulling it out he saw the ID, it was Cas.
“No, not really, it’s like this crazy taboo topic, so it isn’t really talked about much, except for super conservative packs who want it bashed like the plague.” Dean sighed and closed out of everything spinning around he looked at Cas.
“Three, two, one…” Just as his last finger went down a screech filled the house followed by a crash and a string of swears. Dean burst out into a laugh and stumbled into the hall to find Adam running out and in his haste hitting the wall.
"Yes, Dean that's what my brother calls me. And Gabriel that's my roommate, Dean."  Dean went back to kissing at Cas's neck.
It watered around Castiel’s finger as he slid his tongue over Cas’s finger almost moaning at the taste. Sucking it in deeper Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist and let his finger free only to trail his tongue over his middle, dipping between the knuckles and the small web. Castiel’s pupils were blown as he watched Dean work his wet, pink tongue like his fingers were made of spun sugar.
"He's good, Samandriel we need to talk, got a second?" Dean looks pissed Castiel stepped in on him and smacks the back of his head.
Castiel tried to ignore the smell of slick in the air and rolled onto his stomach to press his nose into the pillow. It was nearly impossible to hear his omega beg him and to no react. It went against every instinct he had, you don’t turn down your omega it is rooted deep in him to continuously enforce the mating bond. Castiel tried to distract himself by rutting into the mattress hoping that would be enough to get Dean out of his head. He had to stand his ground but Dean obviously knew it was working and he increased his moans.
Normally betas don't have a real scent. With the exception of their mate, you are normally drawn to a wolf whose scent strikes you. Betas have a smell it just becomes more prominent to those closest to them. That's why Dean seems off. As an omega he has a scent, he has been told its sweet, that’s nice and all, but that is not what he needs.
“Hello, poppet.” The man Dean presumed to be Balthazar placed his leather bag on the floor and looked over at the three men on the sofa, one was his mate.
“So good alpha.” Dean hummed between kisses. “So so good.” Castiel loved after sex Dean, he was cuddly, affectionate, and loved to praise Castiel. Cas washed himself quickly and exited the shower with Dean. The both toweled down and threw on their pajamas. Castiel was still hard but he never pushed himself on Dean.
"Yes, he's my twin. But Dean if you don't mind, we need to take care of your heat," And before Dean could yell at him he added "not with me! There is an omega mart across campus. I'll get you some things."
"Alright then, welcome to the family, Dean." Samandriel lifted out a hand and Dean accepted giving him a good shake.
"No, anyone ever tell you you smell weird for a beta." Cas lifts himself out of bed and ran a hand through his bed head. "I'm getting in the shower." Clad in boxers and a t-shirt Castiel crawled out of bed and stumbled into the bathroom.
"Thank you, Gabe." Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother and placed another kiss on Beckett's cheek.
Dean hated being cryptic but he didn't want to say anything over a text. They needed to have a serious conversation on where they stood. They weren't mates, they sure as hell acted like them. Sometimes Dean fooled himself in the early parts of the morning and pretended Castiel had a matching mark on his neck. Or at night when Castiel would take Dean apart piece by piece, worshiping every inch of his body. Showing him affection like never before. Jo was just sex. Cas was something else entirely. He was the body of an alpha with the mind of something amazing. His views, his passions, and his love for his niece. It was something he craved, for himself, his future pups, and for a leader if his pack.
I've been attempting to do some art for the story but um...I suck big time. I did the one at he beginning of chapter one and well my drawing has only declined. So I am trying at that but don't get too excited.
“Well duh, that’s why you’re studying to be one.” Dean started and wobbled but Castiel steadied him.
"My bark matches my bite and I won't hesitate to step in if they wrong you in any way." Dean leaned in to place a chaste kiss on Castiel's lips. He pictured Castiel living in a palace at the top of Alpha point, omega help across the house and snotty alphas lifting their nose at him. Castiel won’t have to do the biting if they come after him.
“I let you.” Castiel said after catching his breath. Dean lifted himself up and leaned back on his elbows.
"Alright, well if you need me to pick anything up just call." Dean nodded as Cas ran a soft hand through his hair. “Just sleep, I think we have some Advil in the bathroom.” Castiel gathered his things and opened the door, taking one last look at Dean curled up in bed.
The next time Dean woke he was getting a soft massage from his mate. With a pleased moan he gave a small stretch, his ass ached a little but Castiel was pampering him with soft kisses and scented him.
Holding nothing back he broke his injured hand free and shoved the heal of it into Alistair's nose. The pain was horrible but the damage to Alistar was greater. With a howl the alpha slashed his sharp claws down into Dean's shoulder, ripping his shirt. The shirt from his brother.
"Adam, haven't we already done that to Dean?" Sam asked flipping through an old notebook they brothers had kept since they were young. It was always Sam and Adam against Dean when it came to pranks. They always recorded the good ones and even a few that Dean pulled. It had been years since a proper prank war and it was only right to start off Dean's return with a truly memorable one. And Castiel needed to be properly welcomed.
They reset and this time it was Castiel who hiked the ball. Tossing it back to Ash he followed the same pattern Dean did and ran past their defense. John was running parallel to Cas but just before Ash could throw him the ball Castiel was tackled to the ground in an alarmingly violent manner. Everything stopped, Dean was sprinting towards Cas who was pinned down under John. His father stood up and brushed off his own shirt giving Cas a nod.
"You will get at least three STD's by stepping foot in there," Sam said without a joking face. Castiel’s eyes widened and continued on their walk.
“Back off, Cas!” Dean snarled and shoved through the door into the main square of campus. Pausing a moment he watched Dean walk off to who knows where. Castiel wanted to follow him, his instincts screamed to follow his distressed mate but the logical part of his brain said to leave him alone. That’s what Dean needed, obviously something during the class bothered him. Castiel could only stand by and watch Dean walk off, and there wasn’t a single thing he could do about it.
This ending is a little rushed but at the end of the day, I am so happy I even managed to get this far. Thank you to every single reader who gave this story a chance. I love you all!
"Alpha mode, it's called alpha mode you over possessive bastard." Dean's words didn't contain any anger he was more amused than anything.
Dean woke up slowly, not really registering where he was. All he knew was he was totally blissed out and he had a warm body nuzzled on top of him. He tried to move his arms but they felt like jelly, slowly he pushed the mass off of him and gave a small whimper as Cas’ knot that wasn’t fully down slid out of him with only slight resistance. But before Dean could move any further a pair of strong arms wrapped around his stomach and pulled him down with a growl.
"Cassie and Anna are the only two decent ones to come out of this family of jackasses." Dean tried to choke back a laugh as Beckett nodded her head.
"It's like two in the morning, what are the chances someone is up?" Dean looked down at Cas and smiled.
“See you guys later,” Alfie said with a suggestive wink, clearly he knew what they’ll be getting up to very soon. Dean waved back, and Cas grumbled blushing at his brother. They headed off with their coffee, hand in hand.
Professor Kali's lecture fell on deaf ears. Dean's mind was cloudy and it felt like his skin was crawling. His stomach was in knots and his coffee only made him sweat. He kept checking the time and counting down the seconds until he could bolt. A cold shower and sleep was all he needed. Turn on some ACDC and crack the window that would make him feel better, and maybe a few shots. He was disrupted by a tap on his shoulder. It was the scruffy alpha named Benny, he was a pretty cool guy with one hell of a accent.
. Another spike of rage flared in him. If every other instinct in him didn’t convince him Dean was in trouble this pushed him to the edge. Thinking quickly Castiel pulled his hand up to his mouth and bit down, hard. Taking his bleeding hand he walked over to the emergency service button and pressed down making sure to smear his blood across the poll. He wasn’t going to sit and wait for security to show up but his blood should alert them that something was wrong and give them a trail to follow.
Dean sighed and sat up in bed, looking down at the tent in his pants . He might as well just finish himself off and get the day going because now he really won’t be able to sleep. Pulling himself out of bed he walks awkwardly over to the bathroom. He can feel his slick in his underwear slide down his inner thigh. He can't even remember the last time he was so turned on. He turned the shower on hot and stripped down, palming himself through soft cotton panties. It's been Deans guilty pleasure to wear panties, they are so much more comfortable and makes him feel damn good. He even wore then when he slept with Jo.
“Okay okay, Dean settle down. You’re acting kinda funny you know, is something going on?” As Dean tried processing the words he became distracted by Castiel obnoxious scent markings. Dean tried to elbow him away but he was only met with more forceful markings from the alpha. This was all going to hell in a handbasket.
"You didn't do anything, Dean please, get in the car." Castiel's voice was stern and his eyes were sharp through the gloomy afternoon downpour.
"Work? How the holy hell is this going to work?" Dean pointed angrily at the red mark on his neck. Even in his angered state, his arousal filled the room. Dean was a massive tornado of extreme emotion and this was not going to end well.
Tell them also next time I see them I expect their fighting to improve. But I have to go, Victor is stirring and I am not in the mood to hear him complain. Love you mom. Tell John- Dean paused and deleted the past word forgetting this was his mother he was talking to. Tell dad I said hi.
The walk to the coffee shop is quiet. Dean receives a few odd glances but he just lets them roll off. He was an omega now and that came as a huge shock to the people who knew him. Walking through campus was now a burden as more people  watched and whispered.
“You’re saying I deflowered you?” Dean let out a small laugh and slapped Cas on the shoulder, Cas flinched slightly. "Well I’m honored but I need a cold shower because I am getting slick everywhere and I smell like sex."
“You ready to meet the pack?” Jo asked lightly punching Castiel's shoulder, he nodded and gave her a nervous laugh.
Both John and Mary were happy to find the place was empty of anyone but them because they didn't think Dean could wait another second.
The woods around campus were thick and rocky. Dean could navigate it but not perfectly and it seemed like Alistair knew these woods. He didn't even want to think about the poor omegas he dragged out here to have his way with. Fucking knothead.
"Sorry!? We're half mated Cas! Half mates do you know what that means? You’re gonna get all crazy alpha protective and my body is gonna want get knocked up! We slept together one time because of some crazy heat induced horniness and you mark me?" Deans face was turning red and Castiel was pacing. Both men still stark naked. It was four in the morning and they were making one hell of a commotion.
"Sounds like a great idea." They drove until they found the first abandon parking lot they could find. Grass poking out from cracks in the pavement overgrown bushes and unclipped trees. It was great. They rolled down all the windows to create a cross breeze and bring in the smell of spring. Dean pulled the bag over into the middle of them and dug them each out a pie.
Castiel stuck his key in and they quickly stripped down and threw on T-shirts and sweatpants. Dean subconsciously joined Castiel on the left side of them room, Castiel welcomed him by lifting the covers. Dean slid easily into Cas’ bed, sighing contentedly, and curling up next to him.
“Oh, geez, I’m sorry I just got excited.” Dean curled up in front of Cas, using light touches to sooth Cas’ aching dick. “I’m sorry.” Cas’ face went from pain to pleasure.
Dean couldn't speak, his thighs were shaking and balls tightened like he was going to explode. He could feel Castiel start to swell and catch on his rim.
"No, I think he's looking for a new place now." Castiel spoke with a distant voice as he curled his fingers around the hairs that lay flat on Dean’s neck.
"So where is this mate of yours?" Rachel asked pushing past Castiel and looked through their room. "Oh you are fucking kidding me, you have a goddamn bathroom!" Her face was a mix of shock and anger.
"Alfie! Break time?" The slender alpha turned around from the espresso machine and gestured 'one minute' Dean nodded and took a seat. Within five minutes Alfie had removed his mandatory hat and apron and place a nice hot cup of coffee in front of Dean.
"How did you manage to get into this dorm?" Castiel's voice leveled out and he sat down on his bed, ignoring his painfully uncomfortable cock.
"Okay then what did you want to ask me?" Dean bit his lip, he was going to sound like a fucking idiot.
It was so strange to see himself so put together and Castiel so casual. It felt nice, he looked official and important. It could be a casual Friday as CEO of some hotshot company and Castiel was his lover who was also his gardener. It was a compliment to Castiel, he loves to get his hands dirty and that seemed like a great job for him. His clothes made him think back to the picture he had found so long ago of him digging in the dirt.
"I've got a mate." Dean froze and he listened to the buzz over the phone. No one talked for a few painfully long beats.
"Gabe, it's complicated. I'll tell you when I get there but don't tell anyone but  Balthazar yet." Gabriel paused for a few beats.
"Gabriel, Anna, and I are his siblings and best friends and I have never seen him act like he does with you, ever. He looks at you like you have the most interesting things to say, your banter back and forth, the damn goofy smile he has. It's just a side of my brother I really haven't seen before. Especially in the past six or seven years." Dean raised an eyebrow and cocked his head slightly, placing his cup down from the sip he was about to take.
“I don’t have them on me, sorry but I have to get back to my mate.” He tried to emphasize the word almost as a threat that Dean was off-limits. Dean turns on his heels and ripped his arm back to leave Crowley. He quickly responded by taking one quick step until Dean felt hands wrap around his throat and a cloth pushed against his face. Almost instantly Dean finds himself falling into darkness without time to retaliate or even panic.
“Oh shut it.” Castiel closed the curtain and Dean waited for him to emerge again. It took him a little longer but when he came out Dean was nearly drooling. It was an entire outfit a navy blue t-shirt with a blue-white and brown plaid pullover dark ripped jeans and work boots.
He arrived at the coffee shop his twin Samandriel worked at. Castiel loved the warm smell of coffee beans and the sound of the machines. It was a small place with brown walls and deep read armchairs surrounding little tables. It was always full of people with their laptops open and eyes glued to the screens. Walking over towards the counter, he searched for his brother.
"I fully agree one hundred percent that I want you to knot me until I cry." A whimper fell from Castiel's lips and a kiss from Dean sealed the deal.
“God yes, knot you, Dean knot you so good baby. Are you in heat you smell so damn good.” Castiel growled pressing harder into Dean’s body. He made his way down to Dean’s thigh and pressed his nose into the source of the smell.
“Sorry, I-” Cas backed away the moment deflating between them. Dean noticed the sudden change in Castiel.
Castiel gasped and grabbed the wall for support. The water still splashed at his back and Dean make quick work of Castiel's cock. Taking him deep and humming his tongue sliding over the soft curve. The vibrations made Cas groan, he instinctively threaded his fingers through Deans wet hair and resisted the urge to buck forward.  Dean's head bobbed on Castiel's cock. Then he pressed his tongue to slide over the underside of Castiel’s head making him whine. Wrapping his fingers around the base, Dean licked over the smooth salty head. Looking up he caught Castiel's ice blue gaze as he pulled his cock down deeper into his mouth, pumping with his hand and lips. Occasionally swirling his tongue over his head to lick off Castiel’s precome.
Dean froze, his dad. His dad who had spent so much time and energy in keeping Dean’s presentation a secret, more time and energy than he did actually loving him. If he had a notice sent home of Dean moving across campus his father would just have another thing to add to the list of things Dean has failed.
"Dean!" Alfie greeted thankful for the distraction. Castiel perked up at the sight of his mate and pulled the third chair closer to him.
Dean wakes up in a damp basement, the air thick with mildew. There was clearly no ventilation and he could almost taste the stagnant air. Concrete flooring gave away a cellar as did the exposed pipes and a faint dripping sound was all he could collect from his environment. The exposed fluorescent light above him was nearly blinding as he tried to blink away the beams straining his eyes. Trying to pull his hands over his face to shield his lids but found his arms bound above his head tied to a rusting pipe. He then looked down at his exposed body as the only fabric covering anything was his boxer briefs -thankfully wearing those since everything else was in the wash. Dean’s senses were off and his memory was foggy, but the feeling was eerily familiar to him. The weakness of his muscles and cloudiness of his mind sent him back to his childhood.
"My ass is killing me man." Dean readjusted himself. His garments from earlier were done away with by the second round and Dean can't even remember how long they went out it last night. "What is this? One day of nothing but sex and now you’re just some cuddly ass alpha?"
"There are about three alphas outside. I can't tell if I want to punch their faces in or fuck them." Dean growled.
“Mother, Dean does not have papers he isn’t some house pet I bought to follow me around.” Naomie seemed annoyed at her son's response. "He is not a dog." He emphasized through his teeth.
"Well at least you knew what to expect out of them." Alfie but into his sandwich and Castiel averted his eyes. His brother was going to find out from either Gabriel or Anna.
Once they arrived Dean was ready to jump out of his skin. He practically ran in with his parents trailing behind.
Dean had no interest in attending class today but he really didn't have a choice. He decided a quick call home to his brother would help clear his mind and maybe even help him make a choice.
"Well, I didn't need to hear that!" Adam said from the doorway making a horrified face. "Here is a spare uh...yeah." Adam handed Castiel the red brush and made a quick exit.
"It's a roommate question." Dean was running on improv and he had no clue where it was going to lead him.
“Yeah we did.” Castiel was antsy to leave, he didn’t want to see his parents but he missed Anna, Gabriel, and Beckett very much.
"Do anything for him." Castiel gave a fake smiled and felt an odd twist in his stomach at how easy it is to speak of Dean as his mate. The man who obviously hated him just hours ago and then dry humped him. What the fuck is going on? Now Cas was buying sex toys for the man! Odd how life works.
"You got any forks?" The man shrugged and walked over to a silver table rummaging through a large cardboard box. He pulled out a handful of individually wrapped plastic forks and handed them to Dean. Pulling his brow together he mentally counted them. He was holding at least seven.
“What is going on?” He asked but the smell of blood drew his eyes the house. “Are you okay?” He placed a soft hand on Dean to try and ground him. Dean probably looked crazy, his cut still trickling down his face and his hands covered in Castiel’s blood.
"Um," Dean looked down at himself, he was hot very hot. He was hungry but in an odd way, not for food but contact. "Hot I guess? I’m fine just really tired." Castiel looked his mate up and down and nodded, his hormones were still going crazy but Dean didn't seem to notice it much. He was giving off a variety of smells that usually only come about during certain times of his cycle. Some signaling he was past his heat, some approaching, and even hints of his actual heat pheromones. It was confusing Castiel's body as well but he could ignore it as long as Dean was okay.
“Lillith, that’s the best idea you had had all day.” Dean shot daggers at both the wolves and shoved past the alpha to the stairs that lead into a formal dining area. Dean had walked through here before when Anna was pushing him into the kitchen. The same yellowish paint flowed into here. A massive mahogany table sat in the middle of the room with ten chairs and ten ornate place settings. Each setting had a cup and a wine glass. Four large floor to ceiling windows brought in all the light that was needed to brighten the room. He rejoined Ann and Castiel who were waiting for him. Dean let out a shaken breath as he looked around.
It was rapid fire thinking and Castiel bolted off after Dean, he was fast, faster than Dean if the omega didn’t have a head start. Castiel still had Dean’s books in his hands but he drove faster as the urge to catch Dean increased. It wasn’t a long run but the burning urge to envelope himself all around Dean and mark him until the world knew exactly who Dean belonged to. He was Castiel’s and no one would ever make the mistake of challenging that. Cas could feel his alpha traits slowly leaking in as he got closer to Dean, following his all too intoxicating smell. He wanted to snarl at any onlookers for looking at Dean, he was Castiel’s and they didn’t deserve any of Dean. His smile, smell, or the spatter of freckles. His sense of humor or his obsession with classic rock. Quirky jokes and dumb comebacks. Castiel wasn’t even worthy of him, he was only in this because his inability to control himself. By the end of the year Cas would be just another onlooker and Dean’s real mate would be the one chasing him. The spark of jealousy only pushed Castiel faster, if he had a limited time with Dean he would make every second of it worth it.
"Dean?" Castiel asked softly and he walked towards his mate. Dean didn't acknowledge him he only took another swig of his jack and bit his lips and coughed once it went down. Cas slowly lifted his hand towards the bottle and slid it from Dean's grasp, placing it softly on the floor beside him.
"What did I do?" He was already extremely defensive. "The damn football thing? It was a mishap, Mary let it go."
"Fuck it, take your shirt off." Dean got up off the bed and pulled off his Zeppelin shirt while Castiel unbuttoned his blue button up. Trading shirts they both looked at each other waiting for someone to make the first move.
“Look as horny as possible and crawl all over me as I talk to him, I’m going to lie to him.” Dean finally caught on and let Castiel move out from under him to roll down the window. He knew the smell of sex wafted out into the officers face. Dean put on his best needy face and crawled over to Cas, slightly uncomfortable he started kissing and licking up his bare back, tracing over the knobs of his spine. Castiel let out a slight shiver but tried to act unaffected.
Castiel starts humming “Ramble On” and Dean clutches him tighter. Castiel can feel the man hold back sobs, his shaken breathing and heaving chest give him away. Castiel can only do so much for Dean, if all he can offer is his warmth then that is exactly what he will do. Castiel nuzzled into Dean’s hair and rubbed his back, continuing to hum his favorite song. They found a small shred of peace in the back of the impala. Neither of their pasts mattered in that moment and their fake mating was out the window. In that moment they slept, comfortably to the rhythmic sound of the others breathing.
Dean looked up at Cas’ lust blown eyes with a wicked smile and lowered his hand out of Dean’s view. Pulling it back up his jaw dropped and mouth watered as he watched Dean smear strawberry pie filling across his cock head. Shivering at the contact Cas whined again.
With a scream he punched the tree with all his force.  A nasty crack followed and Dean bent over cradling his hand. His hand throbbed with heat pulsing through his imobile fingers.
“Yeah, I think I’m going to have to. I mean I’m on suppressants but still. The only alpha I have lived with has been Sammy and then you for a little while.”
"Uh, yeah I guess I just get so caught up in everything and it just comes naturally." They were laying chest to chest sharing body heat and small laughs. Dean's cum was drying on their stomachs but neither of them minded.
"You gonna cum for your alpha, Dean? I'm going to make you scream." Castiel growled and Dean moved his hand to start stroking himself. "No!" Cas snarled and Dean froze, lowering his hand back down.
“I am going to tear that hussie’s throat out with my fucking teeth.” He stood as if he intended on going back to the Novak home this instant.
"If anyone that isn't me comes in you stab the fuck out of them." Dean gave him a small nod and closed his eyes, completely exhausted and so relives to ride that awful heat.
“Toads? Fucking toads!” He threw his arms up, Dean knew very well how much his little brother hated those slimy creatures and he knew finding them in his dresser was a horrific discovery
"Dean isn't a bitch and he doesn't have papers. I have never met his father I only have Dean and he is as much mine as I am his." Anger dripped from Castiel's words and Dean squeezed his knees as a silent thank you.
“Oh yeah, you think your knot is up for it?” Dean opened his eyes and gave a sly smile. Castiel squinted his eyes and shoved in a third finger unceremoniously causing Dean to jump in surprise but no high enough to take out Castiel’s fingers...
Opening the door he immediately sniffed the air. Dean had left a while ago. Castiel though he wasn't feeling well.
"Well you should show me your room, and maybe tonight you can show me a few things you've been thinkin' about." Placing a kiss on Castiel's lips they both went back upstairs. Castiel lead the way down the hall and thankfully the family had moved out of the kitchen and onto their own things.
“Snap out of it Dean.” He whispered a pep talk to himself as he lifted his leg to take the first rotten wood stair. Placing his weight extremely carefully he didn’t want the creaking of the aged wood to betray him. The bottle was held firmly in his sweaty palm and his heart was pounding like a drum, so loud he wondered if the men upstairs could hear it. Each time he stepped up it took a few seconds to make his way to the next and he skipped a few that would make too much noise.
“In the lower-income part of town we could probably afford about four months rent comfortably, and with you being able to work right away I think we could make it work.”
4) This chapter has a very important meaning behind it. Many times in A/B/O stories it is the omega who has been assaulted. This time it was a strong willed alpha. It just shows no matter who you are rape can happen to anyone and people feel they can't tell anyone because of it. They feel they should of had power to stop it or 'being an alpha you must have liked it' This was a major twist on a very used story line so I hope you all saw my underlying fuck you to society.
Sometimes jacking off is more work than it’s worth but others Dean just can’t help himself. Dean has had sex with only a few people. One was his childhood friend Jo. She knew he was an omega so there wasn’t anything to hide from her. They never dated, only a friends with benefits deal between them. It worked out nicely, freshmen year he would come home from break and they’d go at it. They hadn’t done it in a while, he knew she was looking for a mate.
Castiel dressed at record speed and ran out of the dorm. There was no way Dean was pregnant, by the time he delivered they wouldn't be in college anymore but this was all too much, too soon. Dean was right they needed some time to settle in before starting a family. Maybe not a lot, but some. They needed jobs and a home and a baby would hold them back from that. Castiel stumbled as the thought crossed his mind. Especially since omegas usually carry litters and rarely have one pup. He was queasy as he walked into the store. The air was stale and it was rather empty. Castiel quickly made his way to the right aisle and scanned the shelves. There was an assortment of all different tests in all kinds of colors. With wide eyes, Castiel grabbed six different tests and headed for the register. The orange-haired beta male looked at him with amusement.
“I know, I know.” Dean kissed his cheek “Let me make it up to you.” Dean lowered himself and gently wrapped his mouth around Cas’ dick again. sucking and licking, consciously avoiding any contact with teeth whatsoever. Cas started to moan and pant. Dean’s tongue licked a stripe up Cas’ shaft and dipped experimentally under the thin layer of skin covering it. Dean circled the head with the tip of his tongue. He went on like this, so slowly that Cas’ crocodile tears rolled down his cheek.
Shooting around the corner he smashes into the two alphas clipping their shoulders and runs directly towards his bag to book it back to his dorm. Yeah, his dorm full of unmated alphas. but It's the only place he can think to go to so he takes the outer path away from most of the population of his school. Deans heart is racing at least twice its normal speed and slick is still running down his inner thigh. He ducks around and jumps over rocks as he circles the outside of campus. That is until he turns the corner towards the parking lot and smacks into the most revolting alpha he knows of.
"Your half-caf, double-vanilla latte is getting cold over here, Francis!" Dean called across the shop and Sam shot him a dirty look from across the shop. Once he found what he was looking for Sam made his way back to everyone.
Dean continued scrolling through any picture he could find on him, until one caught his eye. He didn’t think it was Castiel at first based off the bright colors and dirt covering him. It had Castiel, Alfie, and Anna based off the picture at Cas’ bedside. The image brought an instant smile to Dean’s face as he scanned every detail. Castiel was dressed in a white t-shirt that was covered in dirt and muddy handprints, his knees had grass stains and his hands were covered in dirt. He was placing a small green and yellow plant into the ground and his siblings were smiling behind him. His blue eyes light up with joy and his smile was genuine, under the image it read Alpha Point Environmental Club. Dean closed out of Google shortly after and shut down his laptop, but chose to store away that picture of Castiel’s smile deep in his mind. getting out of bed and stretching Dean decided it was the perfect time for coffee.
“You know, we should really start studying for finals,” Castiel said, his eyes still glued to his laptop that was playing the pirated version of Guardians of the Galaxy.
"Hey, honey." John paused. "I um, I have to stay later at the garage." Mary sighed turned away from Dean and lowered her voice.
"Dean Winchester you are not, nor will you ever be someone's bitch. Hell I may top but you sure like power under the sheets." Cas paused as Dean gave a soft laugh. "I just wanted to make sure it wasn't something I did, I mean I thought I was in full control and I don't know. I'm happy you said stop, your position was much better." Castiel kissed Dean's shoulder and they both let their minds wander until Cas' knot went down.
"Thanks for coming!" Castiel almost chuckled at the statement. It wasn't meant that way but god would he love to. Dean would probably want him to leave once he dropped off his stuff. What's he going to do barge into Alfie's place to jack off in his shower?
"Fuck, Dean." Castiel bit out between clenched teeth as he pushed in. "So god damn perfect." He hissed once he bottomed out. Dean let out a deep sigh of content once Castiel filled him up.
“Are you alright? I can’t believe they did that.” Castiel kissed Dean’s temple. “Actually no, I can believe it.” Castiel looked across the sofa at his brother.
Dean couldn’t imagine leaving his pack, his father was his only problem. His bond with his brothers was important to him and as he tried to destress his mate he felt a pain in his throat as he thought of leaving them.
“Come here you stupid head.” Jo walked over and hugged her naked friend and gained a small growl from Castiel, she was an alpha after all.
“Maybe we should have a national kink week, you know...for science.” Castiel gave an approving purr and nipped at Dean’s jaw.
“You must be the closet bitch.” Dean took in a deep breath and prepared to exchange some nasty words.
"Sure, Jo." Following the blonde into the empty hall, her demeanor completely changed to completely serious.
"As much as I'd like to fuck you in these panties I wouldn't want anything to happen to them." Cas purred and he pulled them off Dean. He was clumsy and his excitement only intensified it. Once Castiel's boxers happily joined Dean's panties on the floor he made one last check with Dean.
“It’s not that long.” Dean said defensively, although he was still grinning. “It’s more like five minutes.” Nevertheless Dean turned the music down. “So, where's this place that we're going?” Cas grinned.
Castiel had been sitting patiently even with the feeling of ants under his skin, the itch to run after Dean. But he would want space now, so he stayed put and would try and soothe his new pack matriarch.
"My dad, I guess not only do I have to be a bitch but and educated bitch." Castiel hated the way Dean said that word. Dean was no bitch.
"Hey, why are you upset? You were amazing down there. I'm so proud of you." Castiel smiled and took Dean's hand to scent it.
"But something is off with him I can feel it. He is building up how godforsaken wall and I need you to stop it. He is too good a person to feel like this. He won't admit it but he isn't over his father, he may be happier with his omega status after meeting you but deep down he resents himself and John. He needs you Cas and I am trusting you with him. Don't fail me, or him."
“Okay, settle down Fido, you have to save you energy for when I kick you ass.” Castiel stepped back and raised an eyebrow shaking his head. He let Dean go from the wall with on last marking. They both walked over to their dressers to change into tighter workout clothes. Under Armour shorts that clung to every powerful muscle on Castiel’s runner’s thighs. Dean glanced up and smiled.
“Cas-.” Dean pushed his hair back his voice dripping with worry. Castiel wished he could say he was okay and walk it off but he still couldn’t breathe. Something dug into his back still and prevented him from speaking. Just gasping for breath at this point Dean hauled him up and pressed him into his chest. His scent was instantly soothing and it helped regulate his heartbeat. With his back lifted from the ground, he could now take a full breath. “Are you okay?”
Suddenly like running into a brick wall he screeched to a halt, stopping before even realizing it he sniffed the air. The dilapidated brick house stood in front of him reeking of Crowley, alphas, and most of all Dean. Also at that moment, he realized he was completely unarmed and he had a feeling that was not the same case for the others inside the house.
“Okay, you aren’t bleeding so that’s good.” Dean was cut off before he could yell back by an all too familiar voice.
He made it so Dean had dripped all over the bed and soaked through all the sheets to fill the room of his scent. Dean didn’t seem to mind, he loved slow sex sometimes and this was amazing for him, just giving over his body to Cas.
Hot, wet, soft. Lapping at something that made Dean twist. He knew he was dreaming by the flashing of euphoric colors blasting behind his eyelids. Opening his mouth to moan he heard nothing come out. He felt like he was only waves of energy, but he was vibrating with pure pleasure.
"No Dean. You set your clock back in winter and up in summer." Dean's face was blank and not even the man over the speaker spoke.
"Now as you breathe in take aim and out when you shoot." Dean stepped back to the red tape with Adam, Sam, and Jo as Castiel put on the sound-canceling headphones. They could all see how out of his element Castiel was but he was taking it well. A gun is very intimidating, even to an alpha.
Dean looked back at Cas and the his neck and smiled. Shoved the alpha back into their room. Dean pushed Cas backwards and it felt like a dream, he was floating on the high of Castiel. Kicking the door closed behind him Dean pushed onto his bed and straddled Cas’ hips, wiping away all traces of his tears, smiling as wide as his mouth could allow.
Dean saw Castiel wasn't reading, his crestfallen expressed and change of smell let Dean see how terrible he felt on the topic.
It was only twenty minutes after Cas left that Dean felt antsy. He opted for a shower in hopes of settling down. As good as the hot water and smooth soap felt on his skin he still felt odd. He had the urge to talk, but not with Cas. Like he had something important to say but he had no idea what it was. Something he couldn’t say to Castiel, or maybe it was about Castiel. He wanted to know something about alphas, maybe even Cas.
"You're still scared to hell Cas, I can smell it on you." Dean looked back at the alpha, he was turning the conversation back at him.
“I’m guessing you will be picking me up?” Dean raised an eyebrow even though he knew the answer to the question.
"Hello." And god, it sounds like this man gargles gravel. It's an alphas voice and it sets Dean on edge. Dean isn’t an alpha hater, his best friend is one. Living with an alpha, a strange alpha with questionable morals was another story entirely.
"Dean, calm down. I'm sure your brother will be just fine." Castiel talked to him from the bathroom, he had plans with his brother to get something to eat to give Dean's some alone time to talk with Sam.
“Dean, are you okay.” Castiel only received a snarl in response and he backed off not wanting to push the man.
"Fuck." Going back into the bathroom to rinse out his mouth he returned with toilet paper to wipe up the mess.
It was a snap decision but once Dean came with a toe curling cry Castiel pulled out just before they were fully knotted together and spilled out onto Dean’s cock and stomach. Castiel doubles over onto Dean and nuzzled his neck, scenting the man.
"I'll finish up, you go to bed since you're apparently driving. I'll set the alarm clock and we can grab a bite on the road.
"I guess I'll have to use yours," Castiel spoke slowly as he continued to scan the small counter. "If you don't mind."
“What has been going on lately?” Dean felt Castiel place a soft hand on his bare knee and rub soothing circles with his thumb. Castiel had always been an attentive, and supporting mate, but never managed to be overbearing - it was truly a gift. Dean knows Cas would chew him out if he ever did find out what he was hiding all this time, but right now keeping Castiel in the dark seemed like the best plan. He was conflicted, to say the least.
“Excellent.” Dean said folding up the paper and putting it in his back pocket. The others were beginning to take their places now. Cas turned his attention to the front of the room, Dean rolled his eyes and sighed, already bored.
“You don’t touch my mark you scum,” Dean growled and spit into the man's face. Again the man raised his hand and smacked Dean so hard his whole chair tipped over and his head smacked into the ground. He felt his head split open just over his brow and the man above him looked displeased.
"What did he do to you?" Castiel touched Dean’s bruised neck and bloody shoulder gingerly. Anger boiled under his skin but he had to keep his cool, for Dean. Looking over Deans body Castiel make quick work of his shirt. His shoulder stopped bleeding and so did his hand. Pulling the shirt over Deans head carefully, not wanting to hurt him further.
“Alright, you burst in during sex and made me fall off his knot so yeah he is coming on himself and you are so lucky my ass isn't bleeding or I would fucking kill you!”
Castiel enjoyed his walk through campus, his brother worked at a coffee shop only a few minutes from his dorm so this was a regular trip for him. The temperature was dropping fast and the days were becoming shorter and shorter. That means more time in his room with Dean.
"I'm so sorry about before, I didn't realize how I was starving our bond from physical contact." Dean felt the tight coil in his stomach losses, it had been nagging him for days. It was him craving Cas, neglecting his few jobs as an omega.
Posting this before the episode because I don't know if I will be able to do anything but scream and cry at my TV tonight...I wish everyone Good luck tonight!
“Oh, baby-” Dean didn’t know what to say. Cas curled up in his arms letting out a tiny sob into Dean’s shirt. “Baby, baby, shhh.” Dean pet his hair. Cas whined rubbing his nose on Dean’s neck.
"So what you just go off and find helpless omegas? Well newsflash I look like a damn Alpha" Dean tried to emphasize by stretching out his hand but failed
"Yeah, I mean I tried being nice and then your mom wanted my papers! Do omegas even have papers anymore?" Dean was getting worked up again and followed Gabriel to the sofa.
“I may have, sorta bit him by accident. We have been fake mates since last night.” Cas let out a light huff of breath but the only noise in the room was Beckett digging through her bin. Gabriel’s golden eyes were wide and his mouth was agape, his brow creased as he tried to process what Cas had just said.
"Yes, sir." With that John left and Dean struggled with his expertly tied ropes. The metal chair felt like ice on his rope burnt wrists.
They left a reasonable tip for their waitress, exiting out the front door. "You know it's only 4:30..." Dean stated looking across the parking lot to the roller skating rink. Cas' eyes widened at what he was insinuating
