Tristram's eyes are round, but Doctor Watson's crinkle in pleasure. "We'd like that. Wouldn't we, Emily?" But he doesn't even look down at Emily, although he does squeeze her shoulder with his free hand. Tristram wonders if they are they ever going to finish that handshake.
Sherlock entered 'B' for Melbourne. John was a fairly keen fan. 89% correct. Only one team missed it: FridayNightLights. A groan from the group of uni students, two of them thwapping a third on the back of his head.
After they get back from the shops, Tristram puts away the groceries Mrs Hudson bought for them and putters half-heartedly at his soil experiment for a while. The Harry Potter book lurks darkly on his nightstand. It's just a story, he tells himself. It's not real. There's no such thing as wizards, and the people - the Muggle children - in the book are nothing more than words on a page. He's annoyed at himself for being put off by a few sentences. The scene with Voldemort at the end of the first book was much scarier. He carefully puts his slides away and picks up the book again. This time, he skims over the part that bothered him and then proceeds to read through to the end of the chapter. There. The rest wasn't bad at all. Relieved that he's made it through the worst, he settles down to read until his father gets home.
She dropped the toilet paper she'd been blotting herself with into the toilet and flushed it, then gripped the sink with both hands and stared at herself in the mirror. Hair askew, face flushed, skin splotchy, the remnants of her makeup smeared... She wasn't exactly a prize at the moment. She could still back out. She rather doubted Sherlock would come pounding on the door asking what was taking her so long.
"I was having a private conversation yesterday, as I said, with a colleague of mine, and …" Sherlock could not bring himself to do it. If he told the truth, he would look foolish, yes; Lestrade would be embarrassed (but not egregiously so; he'd had to cover Sherlock for worse than this), and Moriarty would be gleeful. All unfortunate but bearable outcomes. But the one who would really suffer was John. Sherlock had made the larger mistake and John the smaller one, but John was the one with a greater sense of honour and justice. He would be mortified. Oh, Sherlock would keep his name out of it here; he could still make it look like Moriarty was at fault. But that wouldn't matter to John. He would feel guilty all the same. And Sherlock simply couldn't do that to him like this. He deserved at least the decency of having the truth told to him in private. And so Sherlock made the decision to allow the sham to continue just a short while longer.
Something unpleasant stirs in Sherlock's gut. Well, he can't make it much worse, he reasons. He's not leaving without getting some answers, at the very least.
Doctor Watson cuts him off. "No." At first, Tristram thinks he's angry, but then he steps in close, puts his hand on Father's arm, and kisses him. On the lips. Not long, but it's more than a chicken peck. "Good night," he says firmly, smiling.
"I'll be right there, Ems," her father assures her. "It'll be like when we stayed at their flat. Remember? You and Tris upstairs in his room and Sherlock and I downstairs? Only I'll be even closer. Right in the next room."
The animal room mostly contains taxidermied specimens of small mammals and reptiles. Tristram thinks, the next time he gets offered an animal corpse larger than a mouse from Father's friend at the zoo, he might like to try his hand at taxidermy. Father has a book on embalming that he used for a case once that probably has some useful tips. The museum also has a display case with insects and arthropods stuck on pins that gives Tristram an idea for another project. He's particularly surprised to see that scorpions are amongst the local fauna. He's always associated scorpions with hot, dry places.
Tristram doesn't understand most of that, but he does get the feeling that perhaps Father isn't as surprised by Tristram's report as he thought he might be. "Do you know who it was?" Tristram asks.
When they got to the edge of the square, Sherlock suggested he'd have a better chance of hailing a taxi from in front of the cinema across the street.
Doctor Watson sits down next to Tristram and squeezes his foot through the afghan. "It's really not. She's scary good," he tells him in a confidential tone.
There's a lot of snow. The area around the cable car station has been trampled down to a hard, thin layer of brown ice and sludge by all the people coming and going, but on either side of the path, undulating waves of white blanket the ground. It's like walking into a dreamland. Tristram's seen snow many times before, of course, but in the city it's broken up by cars and buildings and signposts. Here, it's just a vast stretch of white fading into the mist. Tristram leans down to scoop up a handful on his mitten. It's fluffy and gritty all at once. He tilts his hand to let it fall back to the ground in a crystalline shower.
"But how do you make it stop?"he asks. He can't help his voice coming out plaintive, verging on whinging.
"All right, monkeys," he says. Tristram can tell he's trying to be jolly, but it comes across strained. He picks Tristram's pillow up and passes it to him. "It's been a long day."
"This is the only way to find out what we're up against. He'll brag, want to impress me. He'll let something drop about his background, something he's planning, some little clue that he doesn't think is important. I have to find that chink in his armour."
John shifted the dildo back and forth, just a couple of centimetres at a time, slowly in and out, not enough to really count as fucking. The vibration transferred to his hand, and he imagined how it felt to Sherlock, sliding repeatedly over his oversensitised entrance, especially after it had been inside him so long. It had now been half an hour since he'd turned it on. John always kept strict track. They'd started out earlier with the blindfold, gag, and cock cage; sensory deprivation sometimes helped to shift Sherlock's gears down, but tonight, it had only forced Sherlock further inside, further into the vortex of his whirling thoughts and self-recriminations, and so John was trying to overwhelm him with the other extreme instead. It seemed to be working so far, keeping Sherlock's focus on his own body and its sensations, drawing out the chase of the elusive climax, which they both knew he would ultimately succeed at. Unlike the hunt for the young woman who had disappeared earlier that week.
He feels utterly whacked; his mouth is dry, his lips chapped, his eyes as heavy as lead. His ears are ringing, so loud, so loud...
He turns his attention back to Sherlock, who was still smiling. Not smugly. Innocently. Sheepishly. “Because you had things to say.”
He stayed to read whenever he came there, but the volleyball court was occupied by other people or it was deserted entirely, and Sherlock wondered why John hadn't let him know why he wouldn't be there or at least
John ends the call, then stands behind Sherlock to rub his back. "Ready when you are," he says quietly, waiting for Sherlock – and only Sherlock – to signal him that it's okay to have a look at Rosie's bedroom.
, he is about to say but manages to stop himself before he gives those thoughts a voice. "You've taken care of Rosie for more than two weeks now. You need a break, too."
He buys the one with the raisins, tries them the next morning. One spoonful is enough to take the bowl to the loo, flush it down and throw the entire carton away.
As the days passed, Sherlock forgot the time. It's merely a concept after all. Nothing tangible, nothing he could grasp. Day after day, his heart began to harden a little; stone after stone was put on top of another until he had built a steadfast wall. He couldn't let such a terrible incident happen again, being weak in the face of emotions. No. No, definitely not.
However, the silence in his humble flat slowly started to suffocate him. It gave his nagging thoughts a voice and let doubts flare up in his stomach.
Lowering the bow, he let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He felt so empty and exhausted as though everything he had been wanting to say all this time had finally found its way out, as though a burden had been lifted from his shoulders, as though a heavy storm had been raging inside his soul and he eventually made it to the harbour safely. He felt at ease although his entire body was shaking and aching.
One of the librarians shushed them. Sherlock gave Irene an annoyed look. “See? I’m not the only one who feels disturbed by this conversation. “Will you
, study the incomprehensible man that was John Watson, he discreetly snuck into the back rows of the rugby matches taking place twice a month. John was a marvellous player, the team captain – what else would he be,
Sherlock’s fingers reach around the base, massaging it gently as he pushes the foreskin back with his lips and runs his tongue over his slit.
He could spend all day worrying and planning his movements, and John would still surprise him and make him forget everything he had prepared for. Funnily, whenever John initiated it, most of the nerviness faded anyway. Perhaps, he should place more trust in his ability to achieve that as it usually worked.
“No, I’d rather have a bath,” Sherlock told him, running a hand through his hair and made a face to emphasise how sweaty it was. “I feel grubby.”
»Don’t worry. I have done so for a long time and don’t intend on stopping anytime soon,« John answered and his grin only widened when he saw Sherlock’s now very displeased look.
“What have people done to you that it gives you such a hard time to believe me?” John said, more to himself than to Sherlock.
Their fingers traced the lines on each other’s torsos, over bones and hollows, goosebumps and smooth skin.
When his trousers were gone, only two very thin layers of dark cotton separated him from John who was smiling softly up at him when he took in the state he was in. He was hard and felt more aroused than he ever had.
The signs of withdrawal were going to set in gradually, he was sure, and they had to make it back to the flat before it happened.
John shrugged. »She’s different; definitely not like other girls who are busy with their make-up and their noble dresses and who wouldn’t even consider a hack. She and her father rode into the woods quite often like she said before and he taught her a lot of mischief.«
“It's cold,” he whispered, resting his cheek against John’s knee, and John could see his entire body was shivering and trembling.
Gripping the sheets, he tried not to buck his hips as Sherlock’s tongue rubbed against the underside of his boner.
John’s hips bucked against Sherlock’s, and this time, Sherlock responded. The interested party between his legs was waking up, and grinding against John’s middle only increased the tingling sensation in his chest.
It's a game of giving and taking they play; with one of them always urging the kiss on, not wanting it to stop; the other soft and pliant. Their hearts beat fast but both in sync; their breathing comes hard and panting.
He used to see all those people as a group he did not belong to, a group he could not identify with. Now, it somehow felt as though he did not need to and still be a part of them – as long as he was not alone, which he wasn’t. Not anymore.
Sherlock’s hand came to rest on John’s forearms, gripping the fabric of his linen shirt tightly as though he desperately needed to find something to hold on to, something to support and stabilise him. Sherlock closed his eyes and John closed the gap between their parted lips.
Sherlock nodded and rested his head on John’s shoulder. Who would have known waking up with someone could be this nice?
Once she had left the room to go back to the kitchen and prepare the food, Sherlock spoke up, murmuring, »she just took a picture.«
The grey sky painted the world in a different, lifeless colour. And somehow, that was exactly how he felt, too. Lifeless. Pathetic. Why had he trusted John in the first place? He had no reason. But having been reckless, he had thrown himself right into it. Into a life so different than he'd led before. Into experiences he'd never expected to make. Into sensations he never thought he was even capable of feeling, let alone enjoying.
“I can have a look in the storing place for you,” the assistant suggested and proved to be less annoying in the end when they actually brought back a big orange pumpkin. Rosie held out her hands in excitement, ready to accept the damn thing as if it were a treasure.
They take a cab to Westminster station before they head down the tube. It's the first time his leg doesn't hurt when he walks quickly. Sherlock leads him to a locked maintenance entrance, opens the gate with a crowbar.
»All right, then,« Sherlock nodded and John went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. While he waited for his flatmate to return, the detective felt as if he’d turned into an iceberg. Why did it have to be so damn freezing? He couldn’t feel his fingertips anymore and it wouldn’t surprise him if an icicle formed on the end of his nose. Why didn’t the water boil more quickly? His teeth chattered and his entire body was shaking.
With that, he tore his gaze away from the eyes that seemed to carry the ocean inside them, the eyes that he loved so much, the eyes he couldn't stand looking into anymore. He walked out of the room without looking back to the person he thought was the love of his life; the only person who had ever made his heart skip beats when he smiled, when he laughed, when he touched him. He couldn't look back to the bed of which they had made a mess, loving each other, cradling the other's hearts in their hands. Had John ever cradled it? Had he just been waiting to squeeze all life out of it? He couldn't look back to the tray on which John had prepared breakfast, which they would have shared – exchanging bittersweet kisses between sips of coffee and tea. Thinking about it made his chest constrict. He ensured his steps wouldn't falter until John couldn't see him anymore. He couldn't show weakness now. Not in front of John. Not after he hadn't even listened to him. Not after dismissing his feelings like this.
Sherlock woke up late the next morning. Oddly enough, he was in his own bed. How did he end up here? He didn’t remember walking to his bedroom; in fact the last thing he remembered before he drifted into a calm and peaceful sleep was … snuggling up into John’s lap and feeling warm fingers in his hair. Or had he only imagined it? Had the raw dough caused not only one of the worst pains in his insides that he’s ever suffered from, but also a temporary perceptual disorder?
“You and I both know there is just one possible, reasonable thing to do," Sherlock says. "I thank you for all you've done for me, for all you've given me – and for Rosie. I'll always love you, John." He grabs John and kisses him again, short but loving nonetheless, in front of an eye-rolling Eurus. It gives John little consolation. He kisses back as well as he can, clinging to Sherlock’s coat. It’s over before he can get lost in the sensation, but then, this isn’t the place or the time. Sherlock lets go and walks towards the end of the roof. “It’s the right thing to do,” he repeats – whether for John or himself, the doctor couldn't possibly say.
Relief settles in his chest. He looks forward to spending the rest of his days with this incredible man who is somehow capable of tearing down John's entire world and building it up again by merely being present in it, who has saved John's life twice now, and who, John is sure, will continue to do so. He will do the same for him.
His gaze falls onto the man beside his bed, sitting in the same chair with the same sad expression on his face. He withdraws his hand, evidently unsure if he is allowed to do this when John is awake.
John pinched Mike’s chubby side and shoved him away. “Just leave him alone,” he grinned and pressed his hand against Sherlock’s back to turn him around and get away from the others. “Don’t listen to him.”
John sat down on the edge of the sofa and ran a hand through Sherlock’s hair. »You were quite keen on going, though.«
One last chorus started to play, and John made it perfect by lifting him up. Sherlock went along and gracefully lifted his arms in time, letting them fall back into place slowly when John set him back down to the ground safely. And without injury. "Perfect," John marvelled at him, but before long, he reached for the hollow of Sherlock's knees, taking him by surprise, and lifted him up into his arms. He was looking at him as if he were his whole world, and Sherlock never wanted the song to end. He wound his arms around John's neck for more stability. Pure happiness radiated off his face when he looked at him. This moment was indescribable.
John sat on the sofa and watched telly. Sherlock collapsed onto the couch just beside him, hesitant to rest his head on his flatmate’s lap, but then he reached for a small cushion, placed it on John’s thighs and did so anyway.
Sherlock apologises again. It's heartfelt this time. It warms John's insides. He wants to reach out and pull him into his arms and doesn't want to think about the fact that this might not be welcomed.
Tears welled up in Sherlock’s eyes, but he blinked them back angrily. He pushed past John and grabbed his clothes with as much dignity as possible. His hands were shaking and his knees trembling, and when he remembered that the last time that this was the case, everything was still fine – perfect even – the situation only worsened.
He hopes he doesn’t have to go back into that horribly dark pit that engulfed him and wouldn’t let him go – but he is tired, so tired …
He didn’t know why, but apart from feeling excluded from their conversation most of the time, an oppressive weight seemed to lie heavily on his shoulders and his insides twisted when he recalled Greg’s comments from earlier.
“I did no such thing,” John grinned and turned to look at him. “You’re better than you think you are.”
"There is nothing you have to make up to me," Sherlock whispers. "You, in 221B, with me, that's all I need. It's good the way it is." He exhales shakily. "There is no need to undo our past, John, or to change things. If we did, we might not be where we are now. It is what it is. And what it is – is okay."
"I am afraid we cannot let him stay." The nurse is insistent. She looks at Sherlock who rises. He grabs John's hand and squeezes it before he says, "I'll be back tomorrow. I promise."
“Hush now,” John interrupted him. “I didn’t have any plans even if Greg probably made you think that.”
He shook his head, squeezed his eyes shut, and sniffled one last time before he let the door fall into the hinge a little too heavily.
Sherlock gave a small laugh. “Tell me about it. My older brother isn’t any better. Just that he usually feels the need to solve my problems, putting his nose in other people’s business and never minding his own.”
He lifted his head to kiss John lazily who reciprocated gladly. John nibbled at Sherlock’s bottom lip, making him hum softly. He straddled John’s hips and deepened the kiss. John cupped Sherlock’s cheek and caressed it gently.
The cool, wet cloth suddenly touching his belly felt good on his heated skin. John wiped away the remaining stains of their pleasure. “’nk you,” Sherlock said, his voice subdued.
, John has to remind himself repeatedly of that. All this time, he had not been allowed, had not been granted that right. Now, he can. Now he will.
John nods once but makes no move of getting up. He doesn't even know why he came here. He dreads sleeping in their old bed because it reminds him too much of Mary, and Mary is the last thing he wants to think about right now.
Sherlock kept looking. He kept looking at the way his hamstring muscle flexed and the curve of his arse. It should have been forbidden. This man should be kept hidden from the world, so he couldn't torture anyone else the way he tortured Sherlock at this very moment.
»Yes, I do,« Sherlock whispered and his voice was heavy with so many emotions that welled up inside him and he felt as though he was about to burst with joy and adoration and love for the man whose lips seemed to be everywhere at once and whom he never wanted to let go again.
»Looks like it’s not going to stop snowing anytime soon,« he mused as Sherlock picked up a wooden log.
“Good morning, darling,” he breathes. “Did you sleep well?” He realises she didn't wake him up last night at all. He smiles; Sherlock. Again.
Several things happen to and in John's body at once: his eyes widen, he feels his pulse rising and blushes. It's a short, quick feeling, but it's intense, and he is sure it shows on his face. Which is weird, to be quite frank, since John knows he and Sherlock are best friends. They have said it to each other on a few rare occasions, have shown it more often, and yet he feels strangely happy to hear Sherlock confirm it again.
Sherlock is still wearing his coat and unwinding the scarf from around his neck. "Never better," he says. "Although these will have to be cleaned. Possible spattering." He turns to Mycroft and says testily, "I assume you have people for that," as he shrugs off his coat. "I'll want it back by tomorrow, of course."
"It's beautiful," John said and laid it back on the piece of skin. "What's it made of? How did you get it so polished?"
Sherlock mounted the steps with trepidation. He kept Gladstone with him. John seemed to like the dog, after all. He stopped in front of John's door. This was a terrible idea. What was he even doing? He was supposed to be erasing John from his life, not rushing after him like a leaf in the wake of a passing bus. He wasn't getting another chance. Not even at just being friends. Although it wasn't 'just' friends, was it? He rather thought that was the loss he felt most keenly. He could always get another lover, if he were so inclined. However, there would never be another friend like John for him.
John faced him and stood at parade rest, but his eyes were dancing with laughter. Sherlock had the oddest longing to do something that would encourage the laughter to bubble over into sound.
John is momentarily stunned, both by the sight of Sherlock and by the demand. "What's going on? Where have you been, what happened?"
"Then we'll all have to go together sometime. When we get back. Or," he says, straightening up as if something has just occurred to him, "is that what that means? When we get back, your dad's taking you to Angelo's?"
"It's metaphorical," John said. He was at the point where he was gritting his teeth. "It refers to the light of the star standing for God's love."
"Very good, Watson," he said with genuine feeling. "I knew you were the man for the task. How does it feel?"
Doctor Watson holds up a hand to stop her. "No, wait. Jeanne, excuse me," he says, so politely that even Tristram can see it's no longer polite. "I'd like to hear what Sherlock thinks."
"Did I? Don't remember. Everything else has a way of turning into background noise when you show up." John leans over to press his mouth to Sherlock's again.
When he does, Sherlock's hand falters at what he sees reflected back at him. There is an interminable moment of mutual understanding, realisation, revelation.
They ended up in a hole-in-the-wall cafe, where John ordered a questionable biryani and Sherlock had a selection of sweetmeats. Afterwards, they walked down the mall, where the street performers were still plying their trade to the pub crowds, but Sherlock vetoed John's suggestion that they turn in for a pint. He'd never really warmed to the culture of ingesting alcohol in a group; the only use he'd ever had for a bar was as a convenient place to access drugs, or at least people who could provide them. And although he wanted to have John's company tonight, he didn't want it divided with the game running on the telly over the bar or the insipid women (and men) whose interest was likely to be aroused by two single men presumably on the prowl.
At the end of the school day, Sherlock took a little extra time gathering his things in the classroom, hoping - expecting, actually - that John would come back in after seeing the kids off. When five minutes turned into fifteen and he still hadn't turned up, Sherlock berated himself for acting foolish and headed for the door.
"You didn't make me." Lestrade had invited them both. (Sherlock recalled that being item nine on John's list, but surely this didn't count; Sherlock was a member of the wedding party and John was Lestrade's friend. He would have invited both of them even if they weren't together. Even if they didn't live together, Sherlock corrected himself.) To be honest, Sherlock didn't think he would have come, wedding party or not, if not for John. It wasn't that John had pressured him in any way. It just would have felt...
His father frowns, then remembers what Tristram's talking about and says, "I don't know. I'm still working on that case."
Emily considers this for a few seconds, but finally says, "Well, whatever it was, it can't have been that bad because my dad ended up staying anyway. And they didn't look angry when they left this morning," she points out.
Sherlock frantically ran through all of his past experiments and the drawers and cupboards throughout the house stuffed full with the detritus and leftovers of five years of attempts to keep himself occupied - had he never done anything with condoms? It seemed an egregious oversight. Although he didn't think John would agree to use five-year-old condoms anyway. One of them could go to the store - or maybe there was someone who owed Sherlock a favour, whom he could text and have them -
Sherlock waited until John's breathing evened out and then he slid out from under him, gathered his clothes, and went back downstairs.
"Well, you just have to tell him you don't care," Emily tells him stoutly. "Tell him it's okay if they fancy each other."
John looked like he was going to argue the point, but something in Sherlock's expression must have convinced him not to. Instead, he put on a wry half smile and said, "All right, Jesus, you try and be a gentleman..."
John was gratifyingly appreciative of Sherlock's observations, and eager to hear more about his methods, drawing Sherlock out and encouraging further details. Angelo left them alone, and Sherlock began to relax a bit. By the time Billy came to take their orders, Sherlock was well into his thoughts on the brain's hierarchy of priorities in information processing. Their drinks arrived next, and things improved steadily from there. The conversation easily ranged over a variety of topics. John's overlapping fields of medicine and the military meant that he was broadly conversant in many areas that interested Sherlock, and attentive and curious about those subjects in which he had little experience. He wasn't only receptive, however. Sherlock was fascinated to hear stories from John's medical school years, for example - particularly the anatomy and pathology practicals.
Irene returns his stare, apparently weighing the offer. Finally, she acquiesces. "Fine. See if you can get four seats out of Zurich tomorrow. If nothing's available, try Geneva."
"Oh John," Sherlock said, his expression turning devious. "I have a feeling you're going to be late for work after all."
"Yes, thank you, John." Tristram's father holds out his hand, and Doctor Watson takes it. They hold on much longer than is usual for a polite good-bye. Or maybe Tristram's sense of time is distorted by the late hour.
One more glance in the mirror to give herself a good old-fashioned chuck on the chin for luck, and she marched back into the bedroom. John already had his briefs back on and was sitting on the edge of the bed, likely waiting for his turn in the bathroom.
How could this man have done this to him? This ordinary, extraordinary person? Did other people experience this? It seemed to defy reason that Lestrade or Stamford or - Sherlock shuddered to imagine - Anderson could have part in something so sublime and transcendental. Song lyrics that Sherlock had sneered at and made merciless fun of like 'she stole my heart so it's about to burst' and 'I feel overcome with hope and joy' no longer seemed so ridiculous. Was Sherlock the last person on earth to find out about this?
Sherlock is standing by the window. He holds up his phone and waggles it. "I got a message. Well, a series of messages, but together they can only mean one thing."
"Does he?" John asks quietly, catching Sherlock's eye and holding it. Sherlock doesn't answer. After a moment, John shifts and sits back. "Anyway. Thank you. For trusting me. Again, I'm..." He exhales heavily. "I'm sorry for inserting myself where I have no business."
John is jolted out of his head by the sound of a quick intake of breath. He turns around to see Sherlock's sat down on the edge of the bed. He's still got his coat on, but it gapes open and John can see his chest rising and falling at a slightly above-average rate. That he's in pain is clear from the flare of his nostrils and the set of his mouth.
He handed me a black leather band about an inch thick and a little longer than my forearm. It looked like nothing more than a very short belt, with a silver buckle at the end to fasten it.
Tristram, all but smothered by Emily, hears his father say, "Henry." His voice comes out kind of funny and he has to clear his throat.
"Yeah, he took me to see the pirate ship." John came over to stand next to him, leaning back against the workbench and folding his arms.
Father flaps at him with the gloves he's still holding in one hand. "Go on. She'll probably be in surgery or something dull all day anyway."
"Very good," he said snidely, "it seems I'm rubbing off on you. Or no, I suppose it turns out I'm not." He stood and picked up his jacket from the back of the chair.
Doctor Watson flips through the book a bit. "Em wanted to read this next, but I thought it might be a bit too intense. But you're okay with it?" He looks at Tristram.
Sherlock knows he really shouldn't indulge like this. Not the cigarettes — well, yes, those too, now that he's hooked himself on them again. It's awfully inconvenient to have a craving peak three hours into an interrogation. That was four days ago, though. He's safe now — or what passes for safe these days — and the cuts on his chest have scabbed over.
So he didn't think about the tickets then. But now he's had two days to go over and over those hours in his mind, and he's realised that she must have ordered those tickets earlier, just like she must have set things up here with the house. Maybe, in fact, John was right when he accused Irene of just waiting until Father was gone so she could take Tristram.
An iceberg: a very apt analogy, this time. Sherlock already knew he was going to be broken, perhaps even destroyed, by this man. And yet here he was, sailing full-speed ahead on a collision course.
Here was an alpha man locked in the stocks, his trousers pulled halfway down to accommodate an omega woman - armed with a broad wooden paddle - in maltreating his bared bottom. There a female omega wearing nothing but a thin white shift, her arms held up by ropes suspended from a hook in the ceiling, being beaten by an alpha female wielding a tentacled flogger. And just over the shoulder of another gentleman, I caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a woman - I could not discern whether alpha or omega - draped across a lap and being spanked quite thoroughly with the switch I had heard before.
The cinema was perhaps not the best choice for such a delicate approach, given the associations most people had with dating and movies, but on the other hand it was convenient, and if the details he'd looked up on Wikipedia were correct, it was the kind of film that two non-romantically involved friends might go see together.
Sherlock immediately tested the setup by gingerly sliding his feet down. The chain lifted his cock and dragged his nipples down nicely. Sherlock gasped, his mouth dropping open and his eyes wide open, staring at the ceiling, already beginning to retreat. John's own cock pulsed and he felt dampness seeping out. Sherlock started rocking ever so slightly back and forth, dragging the chain minutely across his frenulum and stretching his nipples so far John thought it must be bordering on painful, if not already past the point. He was already breathing hard again, the dark blue sheet under him darker still with his sweat in spots.
wonderful idea: a Baker Street Nativity advent calendar. My first reaction was that there was no way I'd have time to write 24 ficlets before Christmas. But then I couldn't stop thinking about it. And so I did it. You can see them
Doctor Watson hands Emily her phone. "All right, you can have it now. I've taken Harry out, but left the third number blank. We can fill it in when Sherlock comes tonight, if he says it's okay."
Sherlock and John step apart, having somehow drifted close enough that there's barely a hand's breadth of space between them. Emily weasels in between them and hugs Sherlock. Sherlock places a hand tentatively on her shoulder.
He goes into the bathroom while the toast is cooking, and when he comes out, Emily is there, blinking sleepily but wearing her uniform. "Where's my dad?" she asks Father.
"You think they need to investigate something here?" She sounds eager, probably hoping to see a frozen foot or a chemical experiment in the kitchen.
"It's hired, all right," John told Sherlock as he handed over his parka to the attendant, revealing his black suit and tie. His tone of voice dared Sherlock to make fun.
In previous encounters with other people, Sherlock had felt like he was boarding a roller coaster, not able to do much more than get in and hang on and ride out the twists and turns and drops and rolls, taking the exhilarating with the stomach-dropping and dealing with the metaphoric (and sometimes quite literal) nausea on his own afterwards. But now, John was there with him, giving him a safety net, waiting for him, asking him to choose the track together.
"So yes," John said, "when a man who you obviously have a past with touches you, and makes you look like you're going to be ill simply being in the same room with him, and you sneak off to meet him without telling me... What am I supposed to think? How am I supposed to react? How do you imagine I feel?"
Sherlock sighed and returned to his stuffed mini peppers. He hoped John had been able to get the recipe. They were quite good.
, although Ollie could make his armpit squeak, Saffron could turn her eyelids inside-out, and Jade could hold her breath for a minute and a half. In terms of actual, useful skills, there were six children who could dance without looking like they had worms in their pants and nine who could both carry a tune and sing loud enough to be heard past the front row. Although whether one would want to hear full-throated yelling about a 'teenage dirtbag' was another question. Sherlock would have made the boy stop, if the display hadn't reduced John to ducking under the table to hide his laughter. No matter. It was going to be a disaster regardless of what they did, but at least they would have something to work with.
"That's better," John says. "Now. I want to be together with you, like this." He stretches his neck up to kiss Sherlock, but it doesn't remove Sherlock's tension. John doesn't give up. "I want to find out what you like," he says between kisses, "and I want to share it with you." He shifts his weight and pushes against Sherlock until Sherlock drops down onto his back and John is now leaning over him. John sweeps the condoms and lubricant out of the way, toward the headboard. He stares down at Sherlock. "You're incredible."
"Only an attempt, not to worry," Sherlock said breezily from behind. "It all worked out in the end."
"You know, I think it's almost a full turn of the seasons since I came," John realised. It had been a day not unlike today, in fact, sometime between the hot season and the snow, when the rabbits were still plump but starting to fill in their cold-weather coats.
This was a mistake. He should call it off, Sherlock thought as he stood in front of the mirror and adjusted the sit of his jacket. He didn't even know what this was supposed to be. A strategy session to hoodwink Mycroft? A working dinner to discuss the script? Should he bring his laptop? Or had he unwittingly set himself up for one of those excruciating social encounters in which two individuals assess each other for compatibility, with an eye toward the possibility of engaging in sexual acts? He didn't know which of those options he dreaded - definitely dreaded - most.
"No." Sherlock's smile is audible in the word. Then he crowds John closer against his body and repeats the answer, more solemn and fierce. "No." He kisses John again, and this time there's more lingering, more depth of meaning. When they part, both are panting slightly.
John was still sitting next to him with his back straight, in half profile from Sherlock's point of view. Waiting. For Sherlock? Or until he had enough alcohol in his system to ease the way of what he wanted to say?
And there it was: although the stricken, sickened look on John's face wasn't one that Sherlock particularly relished.
Sherlock had also fucked and been fucked by men before. With their mouths, to be sure. He'd never been interested in anal penetration, for whatever reason. It wasn't that he was fastidious. The notion had simply never appealed, in the same way he wasn't aroused by breasts or vulvas or toes, although others apparently found them titillating. But that night, fuelled by a very mellow amphetamine mix he and Wiggins had put together for just such an eventuality, he'd succumbed to the fantasy of a traditional wedding night complete with virgin sex, and had felt moved to enact it on himself.
"I need a good wash, for one thing." John nuzzles against Sherlock's head as Sherlock places butterfly kisses on his neck. "Feels like I've tramping up and down the entire country."
"Then I say you'd best make up your mind, or Kitty'll keep for another time. Go on then, be a sport. Dr. Watson's seen a thing or two he likes anyway, I'll warrant." His dark gaze flicked down my body, as if picking up every sign of my involuntary reactions to the sights, sounds, and smells around us, and most particularly of the wanton omega.
"If I'd surprised them while they were standing in the bath, the water would have been on, and most of the blood would have been washed away. And I think you'll find a distinct lack of bullet holes anywhere. Either way, they couldn't have remained perfectly upright once injured. They would have either tried to get away or fallen against one of the surfaces, leaving obvious tracks and smears." Sherlock leaned in until his lips were just millimetres away from John's ear.
So that's what John tried to do. When he got home, he splashed some cold water on his face and tried to sober up, drank his water, and listened to Sherlock serenade him with the most heart-wrenching look on his face. And then he took him to bed.
Tristram hopes their next stop isn't more shopping, and he isn't disappointed. Irene leads them off the main road onto a side lane that slopes steeply upward until they come to a little cottage with some truly spectacular icicles hanging off the eaves. At first, Tristram thinks it's a house where someone lives, but then he sees the sign on the door that says 'Naturmuseum', like someone smushed the words together and obliterated the e. It seems like an awfully small house for an entire Natural History Museum. He doesn't think even half of Dippy would fit inside.
Doctor Watson smiles at her fondly. "That's great, Ems. And I do appreciate it. You're right, being with Sherlock makes me happy ... most of the time, anyway," he adds wryly. "What about you, Tris?"
Mycroft stands and goes to the liquor cabinet in the corner of the room. "May I suggest a drink? G and T? Scotch? Brandy?"
"And you're Tristram." The woman focuses abruptly on him. Everything else disappears. Her eyes are dark, so dark and deep and full, although of what Tristram's not sure. She stares at him, and Tristram can't look away, and then he sees it: her eyes are hungry. It's not like Father when he's gathering information, though. It's more like she's trying to absorb Tristram himself. There's also something more behind that look, trying to get out; again, not like Father, not like when he's trying to put thoughts directly into Tristram's brain. It's something desperate and wild, and it looks like she's having an awful struggle to keep it from breaking free. Fascination mixes with his initial dislike. He thinks he should possibly find her sudden interest in him alarming, but it isn't. It's like watching a chemical reaction under a fume hood: he feels oddly untouched by it all.
"Maybe they wanted to kiss." Tristram can't think of anything else. Even though John said that they might see him and Father hugging or kissing and he didn't want them to be uncomfortable about it, Tristram's noticed they're always careful to go into another room when they want to kiss each other more than just a quick greeting or good-bye.
"What for?" he asks stupidly. To play? But then why would they need all that luggage? Or does she mean they're just going to stop at Tristram's house too for him to get his things before they all go back to Llanbroc? Or somewhere else?
"Hello, Mary," said he, his voice brisk or even forced, as if he were performing a duty he shied away from but found necessary. "I have Holmes with me. He has no excuse for not coming earlier but has agreed to come today as a favour to me. So you see, he has made progress, at least." He huffed a bit as if the last were intended as a joke, although I did not see the humour nor understand what he meant by 'progress', unless it referenced the journey from Marylebone to Highgate. The first part of his statement was nevertheless true, if uncouth to articulate. At any rate, Mary Watson was not here to listen to a litany of my social shortcomings. It began to dawn on me that hers were perhaps not the intended ears for Watson's speech, which he continued thus:
His father turns to look up at him, his eyes crinkling up in quiet pleasure. "Tristram," he says warmly. "I take it you had a good time."
"If they actually wanted to make me happy, they'd use proper punctuation," Sherlock pointed out, the weak attempt at humour intended to be an apology of sorts.
Startled, Sherlock picked up the cup. The heat seeping through the stiff paper went directly to his heart. John, being as generous and thoughtful as ever - yet there was something reserved about him today, a guardedness to the way he was holding himself with his shoulders curved slightly inward and his hands in his lap. Sherlock lifted the edge of the plastic lid and took a sip, not even checking what the contents were. He grimaced involuntarily at the first taste.
Sherlock grunted and turned his head, seeking John's lips. He tasted stale, but at least not like cigarettes. Another kiss. Slower. Longer. Noses brushing, chins bumping, a chuckle, just a touch, lips against lips. A breath. A heartbeat. An eternity. What John had intended as a casual morning greeting was somehow turning into something quite a bit more interesting. Settling in, slow and languid, soft, gentle. Asking. Answering. Agreement. Yes. This is who we are. This is what we do. Undeniable. A moment's respite. Breathe. Sherlock's arm still held John's leg firmly in place, but his hand now spanned John's thigh, where it kneaded the muscle, his fingers starting to brush John's inguinal crease. John felt himself stirring in response and swallowed down a moan.
John hadn't even thought about it again until they were in the shop a few weeks ago to take care of Mary's rings. He'd only asked Sherlock to come along because it seemed like a nice excuse for an afternoon outing. (Well. Not only. He may have been slightly apprehensive about a reappearance of the spectre of Mary as he took this final step of disposing of her personal items.) The weather had been nice anyway, and they'd taken Rosie's collapsible push-chair so they could go to the restaurant by the Serpentine afterwards for tea. The second ring Sherlock had tried on was still there. Pride and fear. Not dissimilar to the way he felt right now, with Sherlock's bare hand wrapped in his be-ringed one.
"She had all sorts of games and toys. Board games and Legos and dolls and even ping-pong. She let me choose, so I picked the Geomag. I built a pretty good flux capacitor."
Tristram leaves the door open - partly for the light, and partly because no matter how friendly the man looks, he doesn't really want to be shut up in the stable with him - and takes a few steps closer. The man disappears behind the divider. Tristram is left with little choice but to step around it if he wants to see.
Tristram doesn't know what that's supposed to mean. He tries to be good, and he thinks he mostly succeeds. It's not like he does mean things to other kids. He's good at some things, like keeping his room and his desk tidy and remembering to brush his teeth, and he's probably the best in his class at reading, but he's not great at sports or group work or making his father laugh - not like Doctor Watson is. But he doesn't think Doctor Watson really wants an answer. He's trying to tell Tristram something, not get answers out of him.
Soon after returning, Sherlock starts receiving body parts that have been removed from members of his homeless network as a way of sending him threatening messages. One of the messages consists of a pie with a finger in it, which Tristram unwittingly eats a piece of. Fearing that Tristram has been poisoned, Sherlock calls John. When John arrives, a sniper tries to shoot him in the same manner that John killed Moran. Tristram sees the laser sight from the sniper's rifle and pushes John out of the way, resulting in the bullet hitting Tristram in the hand.
"What did your dad tell you?" Emily asks back. Tristram hears her shifting, and feels the mattress jiggle as she turns onto her side to face him.
Doctor Watson tosses the pillows onto the bed, not paying attention to where they land. Tristram's thumps down onto his feet, but Emily's bounces off onto the floor. She quietly leans over the side of the bed to pick it up.
Tristram picks at his spaghetti and exchanges a look with Emily. Are they arguing again? Or kissing?
"Best give me the lot," Mycroft agrees. "Although to hear John here tell it, you might express your gratitude at his saving your life." The last few words have a definite edge to them.
When Tristram comes out of the bathroom, Emily and Doctor Watson are sitting together on the couch bed with their legs stretched out in front of them. Doctor Watson has his arm looped around Emily's shoulder, and Emily is holding the Goblet of Fire book open on her lap. They're looking at one of the pictures together. Father is sitting on one of the armchairs to the side. He has his legs stretched out too, so that they're resting on the foot of the bed. He's doing something on his phone, not exactly part of the group, but present.
"It's not... What you said the other night." Sherlock squeezes his gloves with both hands. "It's not casual for me, either. In fact, I may..." Sherlock takes a deep breath. "I may, quite without noticing, have become involved."
He opens the file and balances it on his lap. Sherlock can see it contains medical records and official-looking certificates. It also contains photographs, the kind taken with an instant camera. John picks up one of the photographs and hands it to Sherlock.
"I imagine I'll go see about getting the turkey up from the freezer before Mummy gets back," Mr Holmes said cheerfully and wandered off.
"It's all right, John," she soothes him. "I've only just met him, and I can see what a special child he is. Sherlock has done surprisingly well by him."
He set a task for the children to work on in small groups and walked around slowly, checking on their progress. He was bent over to answer a question when a scuffle broke out at another table. The other children quickly erupted in shouts and screeches.
"It's just what you do. Look, I'll start," he said, as an idea came to him. It was a classic he'd heard many times as a kid, but with a bit of a twist. "So," he said, turning onto his side and propping his head up on his hand, "there was this fellow who just moved in with his new flatmate. The flatmate's kind of an oddball but the rent's manageable and the location's perfect. Plus, the guy's just back from overseas and the flat comes furnished so he can move in right away. You with me?"
Doctor Watson nods in response. Tristram can just see the movement in the corner of his eye over his shoulder. "Yeah, like a social worker or some kind of counsellor. Did someone come by to see you?"
Finally, I stirred when I felt Holmes ease off the ropes and step away. Thinking we must be finished, I lifted my head, which had fallen forward as if in a doze, and looked around. Our corner of the club was populated only by a small circle of onlookers. Some lounged on a nearby couch and others stood around with a casual, detached air. This was clearly not a very rousing nor exotic demonstration; no doubt the regular members were rather jaded and expected a greater value of entertainment. Yet for myself, I had rarely spent a more exciting evening, and I was surprised to discover a rising sense of disappointment that it should be over. What I had entered into with such skepticism and apprehension I was now exiting with a whetted appetite and a half-formed notion that we might repeat the exercise or engage in a variation at a future date. It was after all not that different from Holmes' boxing rounds or a night spent bending elbows at the pub, and it had the advantage that it was something which engaged both of our attention.
"-the blood stains, yes." John nodded emphatically. "Not that-" He held up both hands as if to absolve himself of any responsibility. "I mean, if you did, I'm sure you had your reasons." He was watching Sherlock carefully now, his breaths coming slightly fast and shallow.
"That's going to have to wait, Sherlock," Doctor Watson says over his shoulder in response to something Father is saying. He presses his lips together into a thin line as he shines the light into Tristram's eyes. "Just look straight ahead, Tris, I'm checking if your eyes are reacting the way they're supposed to." Tristram tries to hold still and follow all of Doctor Watson's instructions.
Doctor Watson's eyebrows jump up. "Oh! I've already called in. They weren't happy, but it's not my third strike, so... But if you don't mind..." He sits forward on the chair, about to stand up.
"I have paid my respects to you, as my friend," I said stiffly, even as I fell into step beside him. "I'm sorry for your loss, Watson, but I am not a member of the family and never knew her socially." The excuse, albeit truthful and more than within the bounds of etiquette, rang awkwardly in the brisk morning air.
As the buzzing from the crowd died down, the mayor continued: "I just want to take a minute to thank you all for all the effort and time and everything that you've put into the show, but ladies and gentlemen, if I had to single any one person out for their effort, for their time, their diligence, and their enthusiasm, it would have to be Mr Gregory Lestrade, better known to you as the head teacher of the Baker Street School. Come on, come and take a bow, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Lestrade, come on, come on..." He beckoned toward the square below the stage, where Lestrade was standing off to one side in the front row.
Tristram, more confused than ever, goes upstairs. Looking for Emily, he finds Doctor Watson alone in their room, sitting on the bed with his phone in his hand. He looks up and smiles when Tristram appears in the doorway. He looks tired, but... nice. Tristram can't dredge up any of the resentment he wants to feel. Just then, he's glad Doctor Watson is here with them at Grandmother's.
He and Gladstone ended up at the park near the school. It had a large field, so Sherlock sat on a bench and took Gladstone off the lead so he could run a bit. The sky still didn't look very promising, and there weren't many other people around. He checked his phone. Still no messages.
"Emergencies only," Tristram says, to show that he understands it's not a toy. "May I please call you now?" he asks his father.
"Me too," Tristram hears Emily say. He looks over at the seats facing them. Emily has also raised the arm rest between her seat and her father's. Doctor Watson looks surprised as she drops onto her side with her head cushioned on his leg. Her legs are too long to curl up onto the seat, so they dangle somewhat awkwardly down toward the floor.
"That's excellent," Doctor Watson says. His voice is full of relief and praise. "You're doing brilliantly, Tris. And you are going to be fine. I promise. All right?"
Tristram doesn't lie down again after that, but he does dare to lean back against Father's arm. Father doesn't say anything. Tristram's angled so he can see out the window, although there's nothing to look at except the station lights when they pass through. Emily stays where she is, with her nose practically glued to the window, eagerly monitoring the snow levels.
"Hey," she says suddenly, her eyes wide. Her voice is a hoarse whisper, as if she doesn't want their fathers to hear her. "My dad said that lady we saw at breakfast was actually your
Emily and Tristram follow him back to the main room, where Tristram's father is standing at the counter by the wall, making himself tea. He glances at them over his shoulder as they come in, but doesn't turn around.
"You can pile everything up there," John says, indicating the sideboard next to the sink. "I'll wash up later. I just want to get this food put away." He sets about transferring the leftovers to plastic containers.
Irene pauses and rests her hand delicately on John's arm. "Tristram is fine," she reassures him. She looks up at Sherlock. "I'll bring him back over as soon as I get proof you've taken care of those files."
Sherlock opens his eyes and lets John see what's there, just for a second, before he looks down at their joined hands on him. He takes a breath that may be just a bit shaky and starts moving his hand the way he was before. After two or three passes, he lets go and lets John continue alone. At the first touch of John's hand - even through his underwear - Sherlock closes his eyes and tilts his head back, letting out a soft sound. John keeps going.
Once she's gone, Tristram scowls at the floor for a good five minutes while Doctor Watson goes out to get himself a coffee from the machine down the hall. When he comes back, he wordlessly sets a can of some fizzy drink down next to Tristram and slumps down into the chair beside him, blowing on his coffee. Tristram wouldn't mind drinking the fizzy drink - Father and Mrs Hudson never buy any, so it's a forbidden novelty for him - but he doesn't want to forgive Doctor Watson yet. Although he knows that doesn't make much sense, since it's not Doctor Watson's fault that Emily's inside playing games and he's stuck out here. Still, he doesn't want to give Doctor Watson the satisfaction of him drinking it.
"Of course not! I haven't had contact with her since Tristram was born. Even then it was by text message. I haven't actually seen her since several weeks before that." He shimmies out of his trousers and hangs them in the closet too.
When they finally got their food, the only seating available was at a table that was already occupied by an older gentleman. A brief glance at him told Sherlock that he'd been married for over thirty years, avoided his wife whenever possible but didn't have a mistress, went hiking in Scotland regularly, and suffered from eczema exacerbated by an allergy to strawberries. The man gave them a sour look, clearly taking them for a couple but not being particularly bothered by that fact; he just wanted to finish his coffee in peace. Still, he didn't object when John asked if they could share the table.
, the pain and the heartbreak as he realised that he was not important enough to be told that he was planning to die and fake his death to defeat Moriarty sit deep inside his chest and gnaw at his heart.
Still more. Relief. Levity. A tingling feeling of efficacy, of achievement, of having overcome the most sophisticated obstacle.
“Yeah,” John murmured, his arm tightening a little. They fell quiet for a long time. When Sherlock thought John had fallen back asleep, he spoke quietly. “It felt real.”
“The pips. American secret societies used to send out dried seeds, melon seeds for instance, or orange pips …”
Sherlock. At the end of the endless tunnel. His silhouette stood out in the bright light, coming from behind him. He needs to get there. He needs–
but that it was so much more than that. Perhaps it was all men; perhaps it was only John. He was convinced it was the latter, but that was not what counted the most right now. What counted was that John was here and that he loved him, that Sherlock loved him, too, and that they were together.
The smirk on John’s lips looked devilishly sweet. He took Sherlock’s face in his hands, pulling him closer, sealing their lips together and taking his bottom lip between his own. Their tongues’ play had turned into a fight for the upper hand, leaving them panting for air whenever they broke apart for a second only to come back together in the next moment.
“You shouldn’t let them get to you.” John took a step towards him and rested his hand on his shoulder. It was warm and solid, a strong and convincing gesture. “I think what you do is bloody fantastic. From what I heard from your grandma earlier, you are a genius. You even taught yourself how to read. I mean, who can do that all by oneself? I still can’t quite believe how that works, but I think it’s very clever and everyone who doesn’t is a damn idiot.”
Sherlock did. »What a coincidence,« John said and his smile was softer than ever as he looked up at the mistletoe that neither of them had put there.
Sherlock’s heart rate must have reached its maximum. John’s words had absolutely overwhelmed him. This made so much sense. How could he have missed it? It was so obvious now that John had explained it all to him. Funny thing that, since usually John told
He rarely saw John in this light. The sun usually fell upon his features every morning as rainy days were rare in July, and it tinted his skin, painting it in various shades of gold until he appeared to be glowing. Right there beside Sherlock with his rosy cheeks rough from sleeping and his head pressed into the pillow, making him comfortable.
John rose to his tiptoes, slowed his dance moves but didn’t stop them, and pressed partly open-mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s lips, conjuring a wide smile to them instantly.
“The others took you here while I searched for your keys and went to your house and let myself in. I wrote a note for your grandma to let her know you were going to stay with us and she didn’t need to worry. When I got back, I checked on your condition and watched over you for a while to make sure you were all right.”
Sherlock sniffles and loosens the embrace, his arms dropping to his sides, yet the tips of his fingers still gently trailing over John's waist. "All right," he says, his voice muffled due to his stuffed nose, "it's no use standing around like this, doing nothing. If we want to help Rosie, we need to continue looking for her."
He watches Sherlock get up and take Rosie upstairs to her cot, all the while looking back to make sure John wouldn't lean forward again to reach out for another quick shot.
"I take it you like what you see," John smirked and took off his shorts as well. He bent over to grab them and throw them next to Sherlock, revealing his not even slightly chubby sides. When he straightened up again, his gaze fell upon his swimming trunks that should have been forbidden.
Finding a gift that actually conveyed John’s importance to Sherlock’s life and his work was so extremely difficult. Some items actually caught his eye, but they weren’t quite enough. Close, but not at all what John deserved. But then, John deserved so much more than he would be able to give him.
A kiss on Sherlock’s temple made him smile and lift his head to lean in and initiate another proper kiss. He was addicted to the feeling of John’s mouth against his own, of his tongue licking along his lips, asking to be let in before it found Sherlock’s tongue, searching, probing and teasing, only touching briefly at the beginning before he licked into his mouth and kissed him achingly slowly this time.
»We’ll be snowed in if it keeps coming down like that,« John smiled warmly. »Thank God we’re well provided now.«
He was sure John already knew he was only going eat a few spoons and leave the rest to John. What he didn’t expect was that John was going to raise the spoon to his lips to feed him and that his cheeky smile was all it took for him to give in, letting the cold, sweet vanilla melt on his tongue.
At least he will die with Sherlock. If it has to happen at all, this is how it should be. Nobody gets left behind. Nobody has to suffer.
When John's mouth slid up his erection ever so slowly, Sherlock thought he would come. He was so close that the slightest touch was going to set him on fire, he was sure of that.
Sherlock lifts his head and looks at him. His gaze is stern and disbelieving. “Don’t be ridiculous, John.”
John didn't need to be told twice, and with a smirk, he went back to driving Sherlock insane, lapping at his nipple with his tongue, circling it. It was positively unbearable, and he never wanted him to stop.
John kisses Sherlock’s scar once, twice more before he moves down further to Sherlock’s abdomen, his hipbones, his groin. Sherlock’s body writhes underneath his touch, raising his hips involuntarily. His moans fill the quiet room.
"There you are," John smiled when he came back, sitting down beside him and setting down the bottle.
he thought, shaking his head at John Watson’s ability to make him laugh about the most ridiculous things.
Warmth surrounds him. A warm, hazy glow embraces him lightly, gently, carefully. It takes some effort to raise his lids and open his eyes, but when he does, familiarity is all around him. There is a faint smell of their laundry detergent, and sweetness – it almost smells like Rosie's baby powder – but there is something else, too. Tea and honey and – he turns his head to the side, and his eyes fall closed again – Sherlock's ridiculously expensive shampoo.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, popping up on his elbow. “Are you all right?” John was out of breath, too.
"Ash Court Care Centre." The words stumble out of his mouth. "They use Gardenia for therapeutical purposes. It had to be there!"
Sherlock kept coming back though. He looked different in his dreams. Thinner. Paler. Not like himself. John wanted to make him sit down at the kitchen table and make him eat everything he cooked. He knew Sherlock had secretly liked John’s food. No matter how appalled he looked when John dished up. He wasn’t that bad a cook, but then Sherlock always had to be dramatic first, didn't he?
John pulled back after a while, panting a little. “I could get used to you expressing your gratitude through kisses,” he grinned and infected Sherlock with it.
“No, everything’s fine,” John said. His expression couldn’t hide his guilt. “I’m really sorry. I should’ve come back to let you know.”
Sherlock wound his arms around John's waist, somehow feeling even more relaxed and at ease than before while John caressed his jawline gently with his thumbs, unhurriedly, as their lips tugged languidly on one another.
Taking a few minutes longer than necessary, he made sure nothing of the sort was going to happen again as soon as he stepped out and saw the drops of water running down John's naked skin. He had no time to figure out how to stop this particular feeling or John would think he had changed his mind, or worse even, he would suspect what was going on.
“I told you most people tell me to piss off when a deduction slips out. They can’t handle being an open book to me. I’ve tried not to be clever around others, but I can’t just turn it on and off like a tap,” Sherlock’s explained quietly. “I was surprised you reacted differently.”
The little moan that slipped out drowned in the kiss and in the next moment he was pushed backwards and pinned down into the mattress. John straddled his hips without breaking the kiss and rubbed his growing erection against Sherlock’s crotch.
John closed the book and put it down on the bedside table before he turned towards him. “I’d love to read more of it at some point.”
He still didn't quite understand why his body reacted in the way it did. Usually, he didn't feel attracted to anyone. He had never found himself unable to tear his eyes away from certain body parts of other people. It was a strange sensation.
Sherlock groaned. He wanted to tell John this was the most ridiculous thing he’s ever said, but he suppressed the urge to actually voice his thoughts.
“You kept an eye on me after…, well, you know. I’m just doing the same,” he adds and accepts it. Their fingers brush, sending a chill down John’s back.
"Greenhouses?" Molly frowns. "I think … I think I know a home which uses a small greenhouse for medical purposes."
Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Even after an entire evening of drunk dancing, kissing and even sex, his thoughts still had the upper hand apparently. He nodded as his shoulders relaxed a little.
»Whose idiotic idea was it to take the train?« Sherlock groaned as he let his head fall against John’s shoulder. »All the noise and the people are dreadful.«
»What is it?« John whispered and Sherlock could feel his hot breath on his lips swollen from the kisses.
, he told himself because it still felt so strange. Not in a bad way, not at all in a bad way. It was wonderful. This was what he’d dreamt of for months and years, being certain he’d never have it, never be allowed to touch and taste and
“Of course, that was impressive!” John told him, still smiling. Looking down at his hands, he shook his head. “Wow.”
Sherlock smiled; he used to dismiss the idea of celebrating anniversaries and milestones because why was a single day so important? But now that he experienced it himself, simply every day – or month in this case – was worth celebrating.
The time when nobody decided to commit a crime was dreadful. Sherlock knew he’d only just solved a case and it had been very refreshing and given his brain the work needed, but he wanted
It wasn’t fair of him, John knew that, but he was aware of the fact Sherlock didn’t need a lot of alcohol to cheer up a bit so he’d kill two birds with one stone.
»Yeah, mostly about certain bacteria or toxic chemical substances, not coming in useful to me in everyday life,« John laughed heartily.
John flipped them around and reversed their positions, pinning Sherlock down by the wrists, and God, it felt so good to have John’s weight on top of him.
Their faces were so close; one of them just had to lean in and bring their lips together. Sherlock’s eyes were staring directly into his own. His pupils dilated and were as dark as the sky at night. His heart was pounding hard in his chest and something uncurled in his insides; anticipation of what was going to happen now, relief and happiness, but also the fear of messing things up, of doing it all wrong.
Sherlock indulged in the gentle affection and rested his forehead against John’s, trying to find more body contact by entangling their legs, intertwining their fingers and pressing their chests together. He wanted to melt into the warmth and security radiating from John’s body.
John’s head turned, and his eyes fixed on a group of middle-aged people who were shouting and laughing, but whatever it was they were doing could hardly be called dancing.
He explains his progression on the case so far, shows him the video footage of Lord Moran disappearing down in the tube. Suddenly, he is slipping back into his old life with Sherlock, solving cases as if he hadn't died at all and as if everything can just continue despite the long interruption.
He found himself looking up into John’s eyes. They were sincere and pleading and unbelievably blue. He hated direct eye contact with John because it always made him weak. It made him feel exposed and vulnerable and yet nothing was nicer than having those eyes on him that were as blue as the ocean on sunny days.
Sherlock's heartbeat picked up. It felt like a blessing. It was the first time he'd ever found himself in a situation like this, and it felt like such a relief. His lips curled into a small smile that lit up his entire face, as John would tell him later.
Suddenly John hummed around him, making him stammer meaningless nonsense. It was overpowering. He was taking him apart. He was shattering him to pieces, bit by bit.
The injury still hurts, but he keeps the morphine as low as possible. He sleeps a lot but doesn't eat much. Most of the time, regret engulfs him, threatening to swallow him up.
A smile, that stupid, playful, heart-wrenchingly handsome smile that forced everyone around him to smile, too. The ocean-blue eyes in which people could get lost in trying to identify the exact tone of colour they took in in a particular light; eyes people could drown in. Sherlock had
His entire body was shaking, his bottom lip quivered and and he felt as if his knees might give way any second.
He looks up at Sherlock’s calm face. He looks like he has more to say about John’s parenting qualities, but he chooses not to.
“You should drink something,” John broke the silence and the rim of a glass of water touched his dry lips just a second later.
A rush of desire ran through his veins and he squirmed under John’s touch. Panting when he hit his sweet spot with every movement of his hips, Sherlock felt as though he fell from the highest cliffs into the depth of the sea. His fingers clamped around John’s when he found release, shuddering and trembling visibly.
Sherlock slammed his fist on the table; he might have screamed and torn his hair out otherwise. He’d never felt so betrayed; how did he not see John was a hypocrite? Was he really? His honest and loyal John?
He thought he couldn't regret what he'd said any more, but he was wrong. He feels even guiltier now. Sherlock's eyes were wet when he left, but he didn't see him cry. Just thinking about it takes him back to the morgue.
A sad smile appears on Sherlock’s face. He falls quiet for a little while – a silence that seems to stretch on forever, threatening to suffocate John.
“The green toothbrush is yours,” he said. He had put it there after brushing his teeth while John was talking to his grandma.
Mary teases him when he shaves off the moustache, calls Sherlock “his nibs” and implies he only does it for Sherlock. He denies it, but actually, it’s the truth. It’s not working for him. It’s one of the changes he desperately wanted to happen that did not truly change anything for the better, though.
Sherlock walked into the corridor to hang up his coat and then entered the living room, suddenly stopping dead. »God, John, seriously?«
was far from sufficient, far less than what he wanted to express, but it was hard to find the right words, to find words at all, form them, bring them over his lips. John's answer was hidden in his touch, no words required.
, he also conceded he overly enjoyed John’s presence in whatever situation possible because whenever John was there, he seemed to be unable to stop smiling. He was filled with joy and anticipation whenever he saw or was about to see him; it was like a flutter inside him that made him feel at ease and light-hearted. Days without him were boring and meaningless and when he reconsidered his choice, he crossed out the first option immediately. No, leaving wasn’t an alternative at all. It would be a catastrophe a hundred times worse than the persistent weight on his chest.
knowledge of standard dance, Sherlock noticed, and his sense of rhythm was excellent, which made this especially fun.
“Good morning,” John greets him with a fond grin and runs his fingers over Sherlock’s flushed cheek.
“Oh my God,” Sherlock pants, and his eyes fly open. His eyes are glassy, his pupils dilated, and his cheekbones are covered in a rosy blush.
Yet he has still been too proud to say sorry. Or was it the guilt that has prevented him from doing so? An apology wouldn’t fix anything, but it was a start. That’s what Ella told him once when Harry came up in one of their sessions.
The detective exhaled audibly. »Fine,« he said. »All right, I’m coming. But if it’s boring, I’ll leave immediately.«
The smile tugging at John’s lips wouldn’t go away. “No, I thought we couldn’t miss each other in a small place like this.”
Sherlock carefully lifted John’s arm and got up as quietly as possible. John immediately snuggled into the warm space Sherlock had left and let out a displeased grumble. The detective watched him for several seconds and then headed for the door.
»I’ll leave you two alone for a bit then,« Sherlock’s mother whispered into John’s ear, »and I’ll make you some hot chocolate. Might make him feel a bit better.«
»Ahh, the famous I-lost-my-shoe-but-I-can’t-go-back-because-he’ll-not-let-me-go-then-scene,« Sherlock announced and John giggled quietly.
John’s dilated pupils nearly swallowed the beautiful ocean blue iris. He looked at him with so much love and passion and affection, and suddenly Sherlock found it impossible to breathe. He looked at him like he was never going to let him go; like this was where he belonged – like
He panted for breath when John’s teeth grazed lightly against the sensitive skin and shivered beneath his touch.
“You should really shut up, Greg!” John called back. “He’s always like that when I meet someone new.”
He had told her before dinner that he has to ask her something, and she had excused herself to go to the restroom in the best moment possible. He had only just taken the breath to pop the question, and she had to leave. His life is full of irony.
“No, I can manage, thanks,” John answered and put the covers onto it quickly before he placed it next to Sherlock’s on the bed. “On which side do you want to sleep?”
The beginning of the season for surfers and rowers and also the time that was most attractive for tourists, families and kids. The time of beach parties and discos at every weekend.
“This is– haa, en–entirely your fault,” John gasped out while Sherlock resumed his position. He took the whole tip into his mouth, hollowed his cheeks and sucked.
Their sealed lips separate, and John sits up to coat his fingers with lube once more. Three this time. It can be quite an uncomfortable business if done for the first time, which is why preparation is even more important, besides the risk of tearing sensitive spots within him. The last thing John wants is hurt him again.
He wants him to elaborate on this, but Sherlock doesn’t do him the favour, so John sits down in his old armchair. It’s still welcoming and comfortable. This is where he belongs.
When he wakes, his entire body hurts. The smell of old, rotten wood burns in his nostrils. Musty. Where the hell has he been taken?
“Super!” Someone called into their direction, clapping his hands enthusiastically. He was not the only one. A group of girls grinned widely, waving at them; one of them was using thumb and forefinger to whistle loudly.
»You have to tell me about some adventures you got up to with Redbeard later,« John murmured into his hair and suddenly Sherlock froze. He had never talked to John about Readbeard.
"More than just one." His head began to sway, and he should probably stop drinking, but his situation had just worsened a lot, and he had to numb himself. Maybe he would forget this way. It was worth a try.
The man was quicker in his actions than he had anticipated, though, and he was glad John had come after him. He hadn't noticed someone was observing and following him, so maybe he also missed the muscly fellow's other intentions as he forced him to walk down the dark alleyway.
People always used being gay as an insult, and only eventually did Sherlock manage to ignore it and brush it off – when he realised that he wasn’t. It didn’t apply to him. He wasn’t into men but he wasn’t into women either. He simply didn’t feel things that way, and when he found out that such a thing as asexuality existed, it was the label he felt most comfortable with. His stupid bullies were wrong. He could prove them wrong.
So he walked beside John who had insisted on carrying Sherlock's things for him and was now keeping a watchful eye on him and his tread, making sure he wasn't in pain. Otherwise, he likely would have taken him home to rest.
Though the sharp pain shooting through his muscles slowly faded, the ache of the aftermath remained, crawling through his fatigued body, leaving him breathless.
John bites his lip, nodding. "That first evening at Angelo's," he begins but trails off soon after, not knowing how to express his thoughts.
He hadn’t seen him recover from the pain that he clearly must be feeling. He was limping slightly and holding himself in a way that couldn’t be pleasant.
“Wait, I’ll get mine,” John offered, and before Sherlock could say there was no need, he was already gone and jogged towards his bag by the beach volleyball court.
Yes, I know. It's been an age. I actually intended to finish this fic last summer, but whenever I plan to do something, something else gets in the way. This time it was a very addictive show that got me hooked and left me with no inspiration to write at all. And on top of it, my laptop said goodbye to me last week, and some parts that I had already written for this chapter got lost. I'll try to update more regularly in the future but I can't make any promises because uni started again and exams are coming up soon. The one thing I do promise, though, is that I definitely won't abandon this fic no matter how long you'll have to wait in between updates because I love it far too much to give it up. Thank you for your lovely comments and your support. They really keep me going and I hope you'll keep enjoying the fic as much as I do. Thank you for sticking around. You are the best <3
Sherlock rises and steps to the window. "Good question indeed, John. I have no idea of that myself – yet. But I'm sure a closer look both here and downstairs will solve the riddle."
“Did you know elephants have the biggest brains in the animal kingdom? And they’re pretty clever, too. I would say they’re similar to humans in many respects, except this one. Most humans aren’t very clever.” He brushes Rosie’s nose with the elephant’s trunk, causing another round of giggles.
Sherlock leant into the touch with a little reluctance, but John didn’t notice. Why didn’t he ask him what caused Sherlock to hesitate? Why didn’t he notice? He
“It is. But it’s still fun,” John chuckled. “We can join them later if you want. That way, you can practise setting.”
He didn’t even notice the steps of the stairs, treading slowlier and more carefully as John carried a tray with breakfast back to the room.
Sherlock scoffed at her repetition of his own words. “If you had any integrity at all, you’d give it back to me."
Sherlock stepped back and let John do so. »Are you feeling better?« he asked and looked at the detective who cleared his throat.
Sighing, he made himself a cup of tea and sat down in his armchair, folding his hands around the hot mug. It brought tears to his eyes and almost burned his hands, but Sherlock endured the heat, the fire that ran through his veins.
John hummed understandingly. It made Sherlock look up into John’s eyes. He hated what he saw in them now. Regret. Sadness. Pity?
He had already allowed himself to look, to take in the utterly breath-taking sight, considering how John surrendered himself to him in this vulnerable state. At least that's how Sherlock still felt about it, being stripped naked with all the barriers gone, with every layer of fabric usually separating them having been discarded carelessly. Sherlock reached for John's thighs, letting his hands trail up and down them, feeling the goosebumps rise on John's skin as his fingers brushed over it. His cock was staring Sherlock in the face proudly, practically begging him to finally give him the treat he was still holding back. John’s gasps showed his anticipation clearly, too. Sherlock ran his fingers over his testicles, squeezing only lightly, caressing them, fondling them, cradling them almost. He took his time, only gradually moving up a little to the base of John’s erection. He stroked up and down slowly. His thumb swirled over the tip with every other stroke.
He pulled down the zipper and grabbed the waistband, tugging at it and pushing it down – revealing black boxer briefs. When his fingers snuck to grab the waistband of the overly tight and straining pants, John placed both hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed him back gently. He sank into the sheets with a quizzical look on his face, pulling John with him. John straddled Sherlock's hips, eliciting a quiet gasp from his lips.
“Mycroft’s minions watch her closely. Don’t you worry about a thing. We'll step in should she become a threat."
He was very far from this point, though. His movements were slow and the bow glided carefully over the strings, coaxing ever so hushed notes out of the instrument. His body moved in a flow with the notes and the rhythm and his eyes fell shut as he listened to the ring of the melody, sorting out what he was going to use for his composition and what was not at all suitable.
John’s grin widened as he met him halfway, sealing their lips together for the second time that night. This time, he allowed John to wind both arms around his waist, like he wanted to do after their dance had ended. Sherlock’s fingers dug into the button-down front of John’s shirt when John took his bottom lip between his teeth. Their lips parted and their tongues found the path to meet one another.
Tristram gets up and starts toward the bedroom. Halfway there, he stops and asks Father, "Would you be with me?"
"You know, scary stories. When you have a sleepover, it's traditional to try to scare the crap out of each other."
He leaned against the table, his arms folded. "No. I mean, we..." He exhaled heavily. "He invited me over. We had dinner, but it ... I don't think he's interested. Like that. Which is fine."
Sherlock didn't answer. Had he fallen asleep? John opened his eyes and turned his head on the pillow. The curtains were drawn and it was an overcast day, so it was quite dim in the room. Still, he could see Sherlock was watching him, eyes alert despite the dark circles under them. Calculating. Deducing. John straightened his neck and closed his eyes again. It was easier this way.
John cleared his throat. "Sure." A beat. An eternity. Blue eyes searching Sherlock's. Sherlock's heart in his throat. Then a slight shake of John's head, once again as if recalling where he was. A step back. "Yeah. We should..."
He took a small amount of convincing but soon agreed quite readily to my proposal, and I subsequently discovered his juice to be sweeter, his tongue more devious, his fingers more nimble, and his mouth more succulent than I had dared imagine. We indulged, nay gorged, on each other with abandon, awash in an ecstasy I had only glimpsed from afar in previous encounters. I knew no limits nor did I wish any. His enthusiastic exclamations, blissful sighs, quickened heart and twinkling eyes bore testimony to the fact that he found our private meetings equally delightful. In other words, the mutual satisfaction resulting from our augmented arrangement was both pronounced and hearty. I congratulated myself upon my wisdom, Watson upon his magnificent endowments, and our landlady on her deaf ears and early bedtimes.
"I'm sorry," he says rather formally. He really is. Whatever faults Mary may have had, whatever errors she may have made, she did give John something he wanted, some elusive element that Sherlock was never quite able to duplicate. He's not sure now how to proceed.
Tristram is confused. Was his father trying to protect him after all from the other kids making fun of them? Because it is a little unusual for a girl and a boy their age to play together outside of a larger group. Then again, that doesn't seem at all like the kind of thing his father would even notice, much less care about.
Quite aside from the fact that Irene and Father, for all that they were civil to each other the two times Tristram saw them together, don't make each other laugh the way John and Father do. They don't look at each other and seem to say lots more with their eyes and their hands and their shoulders and knees than comes out of their mouths. It doesn't make Tristram happy to think about Father and Irene together the way it does thinking about Father and John together. And it doesn't wrench at Tristram to think that Irene and Father might not actually like each other all that much the way it does when he thinks about the argument two nights ago, when John said he was going to take Emily and leave Tristram and Father behind.
"It's fine, I understand," Sherlock cut him off, although not with any heat. "You want to show everyone you really mean it."
I should have been mollified by his last remark, but Holmes continued to sing Gruner's praises and I set to sawing at my dried-out - and by now cold - fish. I supposed I should count myself lucky that Holmes was merely amused by my reprimand rather than offended. It might have been taken as a disparagement of his abilities or judgment. I knew full well that Holmes could take care of himself and was quite a neat boxer when the occasion called for it. I put it down to the omega perfume. Perhaps it had an effect on me after all, although I could not deny that I had similar desires to protect and preserve my friend from harm even when he was acting his native alpha through and through.
"How would you get away from him?" he asked. The way he was looking at her - intense and calculating - sobered her up just a bit, because he seemed to be taking her proposal completely seriously.
He shifts his weight where he's sitting on the windowsill, one leg propped up so he can rest his elbow on his knee, letting the blue smoke from his Petra float out the window. His other hand is cupping his testicles, heavy and full in his pyjama trousers. He can't not think of John anymore when he does this, which is why he avoids it. It's not as if he needs it. He never has, used to go months — years, even — without touching himself, without being aroused, without letting the tide sweep over and engulf him, leaving him scoured raw and gasping.
Tristram is completely nonplussed. How could she possibly know that? She couldn't have seen them in his father's room at Llanbroc, since she was asleep in the other room. Maybe she saw them at the beach, but why didn't she say anything then?
Sherlock pointed at the pocket John had his phone in. "It's not yours, the inscription says 'Harry Watson from Clara'. It's a recent model, a young man's gadget, not your father, then, a cousin or brother. I say brother, as it's a rather expensive gift for a cousin. The case is covered in scratches where he had trouble getting the power cable plugged in: shaky hands, either a nerve disorder or alcoholic. The second's more likely."
Just then, John tilted his head back just enough that he could meet Sherlock's eye. John raised his eyebrows and grunted, either in encouragement or challenge. The room wasn't very bright, but there was enough light coming from the bathroom that the details of his face were clear. His chin and cheeks, glistening with saliva; his eyes, wide and bright; his lips forming a perfect circle clamped around Sherlock.
John looked up again. He was so close now. "They... How?" His entire forehead creased. Sherlock could have kissed it. Wanted to. Wanted to so much.
"It might give you a chance to do it properly, Doctor Watson." Irene gives him a funny look, half stern and half teasing. "Call me if you need any tips." She picks up the handle of her suitcase and adjusts the strap of her handbag over her shoulder.
"It doesn't matter." Molly's voice cut into Sherlock's thoughts, uncharacteristically no-nonsense. "What matters is what we're going to do about it now."
"I'm to let you know they're ready." John had been about to offer to run the errand in Sherlock's stead when Greg had asked, but he didn't like the feeling of being coddled, not even by John. Didn't like the fact that John thought there was a darker past lurking between him and Victor. Drugs, physical abuse, issues of consent. None of that could be further from the truth. Their relationship had been entirely straightforward and mundane. Polite. Victor had always been, and was still, unfailingly polite.
Tristram's not really sure what it's about - they've only really got loud enough for the words to come through clearly a couple of times, and most of those have been bad words - but he can tell that both of them are upset.
"Oh, God, I didn't-" Doctor Watson takes the pictures and looks at them. His expression falters as he glances between Emily and Tristram. "I thought I pushed the button for one." He looks down at the pictures again.
"Got you a sandwich, if you want," Doctor Watson says to Father. "Thought we can probably get drinks on the train?"
"No," John agreed. There was something about sleeping with someone -- just sleeping -- that was even more intimate than sex, in a way. It involved trust, knowing the other person could do anything to you, but wouldn't. Waking during the night to hear someone else breathing next to you. Being able to reach over and touch them, knowing they trusted you just as much. Just being close. Sex was usually over so fast, but lying in the same bed for several hours was.... more, somehow. At least it could be, in John's experience. When the other person was important. When the relationship was important. When there were feelings involved that it was really much too early in the morning to be thinking about.
"Yeah, me too," John says. The statement is laced with bitterness. "I have to go rescue our children from your creepy ex who's holding them hostage so that you can have a chat with your even more creepy... I don't even know what. Internet date? Archenemy? Do people still have archenemies?"
"You had him in your mouth," Sherlock remarked, his voice low and dark, and Sarah realised that, of course, she was now a crime scene. He was going to gather all the evidence her body contained and paint himself a picture of what had gone on, what she and John had done.
It was well past midnight by the time Sherlock made it to bed. After John agreed to stay - in the second bedroom - Sherlock had pretty much left him to his own devices, afraid of either pushing John beyond what he was comfortable with or of appearing too grateful. Instead, he'd gone out to the back garden for a cigarette. If he wasn't going to be kissing John, he didn't need to worry about the way his mouth tasted. Also, he needed a respite and distraction from all the emotional drama.
Sherlock stood uncertainly by the door. Had he missed something? Why was John behaving so... normally? "No," he said. "But maybe a bowl of water for Gladstone."
done it together, and successfully, and it had been fun. As they passed a Chinese restaurant, Sherlock caught a blast of warm, spicy air from the ventilator. He stopped. John didn't usually eat dinner before seven. The chances were that he hadn't had anything before the play. Gladstone (whom they'd left tied to a tree during their short visit to the mayor but retrieved immediately afterward) hung his tongue out expectantly at the scent of cooked meat.
John doesn't know whether to laugh at that or to cry. Neither is in any way acceptable. So instead he leans in until his forehead bumps Sherlock's shoulder. His mouth somehow ends up brushing Sherlock's hand, where it's still holding John's to his chest. He can feel the vibrations of Sherlock's rabbiting heart travelling through their hands to his lips, the rapid rise and fall of his chest in time with the puffs of air ruffling the hair on the top of John's head.
Oh God, Sherlock groaned internally and wished for something to bang his head against. John just watched him, his eyes crinkled in amusement.
John appeared to be having a similar difficulty. He was looking around at the passersby, with his hands buried in his pockets.
Janine's watching him, her head cocked to one side. There's something keen and calculating in her eye.
There's a lot. It's all the spaghetti from dinner too, not just the bit of pie. He forgot about that.
"Okay," Tristram murmurs. Hearing that he's going to be fine does make him feel better. He doesn't usually mind blood, but seeing it all over and knowing it's his is a bit different.
John's at the bar before he's even aware he's come down. Somewhere behind the red haze colouring his vision, he's aware this is probably (definitely) not the best coping strategy but at least his first thought wasn't his old service revolver he tossed into the Thames after Sherlock's suicide.
"What the hell- Sherlock!" John exploded. "After last night, do you really imagine I'd- Jesus Christ, this isn't..." John braced both arms on the table and leaned in, speaking forcefully. "These kids care about you. That's what I'm trying to show you, after our talk yesterday. They're doing this play for their mums and their dads and for you." He pushed himself back up, hard, and ran a hand through his hair. (Upset, wants to hit something.)
They have to take two trains to get to the town they're staying in. Tristram dozes for a good portion of the journey on the first one, leaning his head against the cold window. It's too dark to see anything outside other than the occasional light, and much of the route takes them through tunnels anyway.
Lestrade walked across to the stage, letting the door fall shut behind him. "I'm actually pretty chuffed to see the two of you getting on so well and I take full credit for setting you in each other's paths, but-"
Emily and Tristram look at each other and burst out laughing. Doctor Watson laughs too. Pretty soon, it's a contest between them who can find the funniest one. Father stops correcting them, but it doesn't make it any less funny. By the time they finally get to 'Billette', Tristram is afraid he's going to pee from laughing so hard.
He ushers them into another room, where an older woman is seated by the fire. She stands when they enter.
Tristram's supposed to be sleeping. He wants to. He's so tired, though, that he's past tired, and his brain won't slow down enough for him to drift off.
Doctor Watson straightens up and glances at Father, and Father stares back for a moment, then shrugs like it doesn't matter to him, only Tristram knows that's not true. Doctor Watson must know it too, because he takes a breath and looks at Emily then puts on a smile, the kind of smile that means he's going to say something she probably won't like. His mouth opens, but then he stops before he even says anything, and almost looks sad. "Yeah, that sounds good, Em," is what he actually ends up saying, to Tristram's mild surprise. "We'll try it that way tonight. Maybe we can switch around tomorrow."
Doctor Watson looks apologetic. "No, I'm his … I'm a family friend. I happened to be here when it happened. His father just stepped out for a minute. He's probably down with the police. I'm sure he'll be right back, or else he can meet us at the hospital."
“When you told me, … I started to worry. I wanted to grab you by the wrist when you got out of bed that night, but you wouldn’t have stayed. So I let you go and waited for you to come back. I didn’t say anything because I know you don’t like it when I dwell on certain things. That’s why I let it go and decided to wait for you to come to me and tell me whenever you were willing to do so.”
What was happening to him? What was the matter with him that he couldn’t even look at a man’s body without his knees all but giving way? No, delete that, it wasn’t any man’s body. It was John’s.
“Didn’t know you were working here, too,” Sherlock answered; she found herself under his scrutinising gaze.
»This is exactly what I want,« John answered. »And I won’t let what ifs control my life or my decisions anymore because we can’t know what’s going to happen. There are always risks, but someone taught me some risks have to be taken, and this is one of them.«
Sherlock watched Greg intently as he scanned the list of beverages. "Maybe you shouldn't order alcohol if you want to win the next set," he said when he saw what Greg was looking at.
"No, this can't be it," Sherlock mumbles. "If she's taken a day off, that must mean she is planning something and–"
»I was, but then I heard you go downstairs. The seventh step squeaks, I usually skip it,« John explained with a yawn. »Don’t think I can go back to sleep now, though. Why are you up so early?« he asked and then looking at the sheet of paper in Sherlock’s hands.
The water feels fresh in his mouth, his dried-out skin coming back to life. At least a little. Just like him.
John cleans his teeth, and they go to bed. Sherlock lies down carefully as to not yank off the plaster due to sudden movement. John walks around the bed and joins him from the other side. Their bodies align as if made for one another. Sherlock rests his head on John’s shoulder this time, resting a hand on John’s chest while John’s hand disappears in Sherlock’s curls and he wraps an arm around his waist.
John watched him with a fond smile, applying Sellotape whenever Sherlock asked him to, and soon they were done.
Sherlock’s eyes are hard on his, threatening to pierce through his skull. “I never told you about him.”
Yes, within the last few days, he had to realise wherever they went, there were always people John could talk to as if it was the easiest thing in the world, and the helplessness that crawled through his chest when he saw him interact with them made him feel terrible. He knew he shouldn't be bothered by this – he couldn't forbid John to have a conversation with someone who wasn't him – but he always experienced an annoyed and gloomy twitch within himself that simply wouldn't go away until it faded slowly when he was about to fall asleep. Even that was a rare case. Usually, he fell asleep bearing this burden on his shoulders until his dreams freed him from it.
»… And I actually thought you started to like it. You’ve never really bothered about buying presents in the previous years except for Mrs Hudson and me. So now that you–«
John leant in, his breath causing goosebumps on his skin. He still mastered the art of betraying Sherlock’s control over his body’s reactions. “Well, I can assure you that your arse in these trousers should be illegal, especially in the ‘sun salutation’ pose,” he whispered into his ear.
»I know,« John chuckled quietly and turned his head slightly to look at him. »I was waiting for you to complain straight away. I thought you hated it.«
Sherlock's muscles clench around him, and warm, sticky release runs over John's hand, gathering in the pool of pre-come on Sherlock's belly.
"Can't believe how long you guys take to shower," Greg said, shaking his head in mock disbelief. "Saving water by showering together and still you take at least half an hour to get ready, my, my."
»More than all right,« Sherlock whispered. John wanting to please him and make him feel good was a little overwhelming.
John looks at Sherlock and sees plainly the shock in his eyes. Nothing else gives him away, just his eyes.
Sherlock looked at John in surprise and utter disbelief. John was holding an Irish Setter puppy in his arms. “John, what–“
“Wrap your arms around my shoulders and hold onto me,” John ordered. “Try to stretch the muscle by stretching your leg.”
John buries his face in his hands. It's terribly hard to speak, but he has to get this off his chest. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," he whispers. His eyes sting, and the tears moisten his skin. "I wish this were easier, but it– damn it…" He swallows hard and takes a deep breath. "I can't forgive myself for that, and I know you can't forgive me either, and that's all right, that's–"
No, it’ll only kill his last piece of dignity, Sherlock thought, but got up and followed John to his room. The blanket still hang from his shoulders.
When he opened his eyes again, he found himself in a dark room, judging from the soft mattress he was lying on, in his bed, in only his pants. He blinked himself awake and was relieved to realise that his vision had fully returned. He tried to make out the time on his bedside table when he noticed the table was smaller than his own. Turning around and narrowing his eyes, he saw that there was no window next to his bed either. This wasn’t his room. Where was he?
, he had to admit it wasn’t only the fact that John was sexually interested in people (that weren’t him, obviously), but that he kept flirting with waitresses and cashiers without realising it. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he did it on purpose or if it was truly out of reflex.
John shakes his head. He should have known. Sherlock doesn’t do this sort of thing. Why did he get his hopes up? Looking down into his mug, he says, “Of course, I get it. You’d rather choose to be alone.” He isn’t able to keep the bitterness from his voice.
»I hate the coercion to smile in them,« the detective countered and tried to snuggle closer against John’s warm body.
“We’ve always had out difficulties. She’s older than me, wants to be independent and treated like an adult and yet she always comes to me to sort out her problems.”
"I heard you reading to her," John says quietly, a smile tugging at his lips. He nods towards Sherlock's chair, inclining his head; a silent request for Sherlock to join him.
He stopped and scratched his leg, getting a closer look at the handgun. There was no mechanism to lock or unlock it. "Sorry," he said and started walking again, trying to hide his tiny triumphant smile. The gun was fake, but the man’s muscles weren’t. He would still be able to overpower him, though maybe he could use his wits to get away.
"I just don't understand why you would … like someone like me," Sherlock muttered, his teeth chattering a little from the cold.
John’s hands wandered around his waist, slowly coming up his back to rest on his shoulder blades, radiating warmth in their path on this chilly, rainy summer evening.
John cleared his throat. "I just– I don't want you to destroy your brilliant mind, Sherlock. Not for me, and not with this. I have to witness exactly that right this instant. It's been happening for almost a year now. My sister is an alcoholic, and, despite my best efforts, all attempts to get her sober have failed. My father is an alcoholic, and he destroyed my childhood because of it. Now I have to watch my sister losing all control because the occasional drink turned into something much worse, and I don't think I can muster up the strength to watch you go because of substance abuse, too, Sherlock. I can't do this."
Sherlock shook his head, incapable of answering him, and John placed a hand on his shoulder, wanting to pull him onto his back with gentle pressure.
The touch was as light as a feather, just a gentle press of John’s mouth against his own. Sherlock stopped breathing for a moment, trying to process what was happening, trying to comprehend what they did was actually real.
“Shhh. Just relax, and let’s give them a show,” he smirked and aligned their hips, pulling them closer together.
“Sh-Sherlock–“ John’s voice was breathless and hoarse and Sherlock couldn’t get enough of the sounds coming out of his mouth.
“No,” John all but sobs as Sherlock’s hands slip from his own when he heads for the edge of the rooftop.
Why did he have to work today? How could he leave him alone in his lethargic state? Besides, he should be home already. It was almost 7 o clock and his shift was supposed to finish at 6pm. Where the hell was he? Sherlock began to grow impatient.
When John finally (finally!) came home that day, Sherlock let out a weary sigh. He pressed his palms against his eyes and then ran both hands though his rumpled and tousled curls.
He lowers Sherlock's legs until his knees reach his chest and rest against it, and Sherlock cries out loud as his eyes roll back until his lids fall shut.
It was late, and he was sure John was even more tired after the nightmare and the talk they had, but there was something else he had to get off his chest.
John chuckled softly. “Of course. Come here,” he grinned and pressed their lips together again once Sherlock had moved closer, back into John’s arms. It was a languid kiss at a leisure pace, just small nibbles of their lips, coming together and brushing lightly. There were no tongues this time, only their sleepy mouths playing with one another. It was more than enough.
John shot him just one look before he sighed and gave in. “I do, on occasion. It’s unavoidable at some point.”
He sees the shock and the pain that lie in the lines on his forehead and between his eyes, the shock and pain at his own reaction; still wary of John’s fast approach, his rage, his despair.
He draws back, pulling out almost completely. Sherlock’s nails rake across his back, certainly leaving marks, but John can’t even bother to care because this is the most intense sensation he has ever felt. “God, Sherlock, you’re …” he begins when he pushes back in. “Ahh … you’re amazing. You … feel amazing …”
Sherlock wondered when he would start decorating their living room. It couldn’t be long until he would come downstairs with all the carton boxes in which they stored the Christmas decoration.
He got up to get a wet flannel and returned with the cool cloth in one hand and the new resident of 221B in the other.
»I think the story is beautiful and Clara is such a lovely girl and I wish everyone could visit the Land of the Dolls. I bet being able to fly on a swan and play or talk to the dolls is amazing,« Allie replied.
For a long time, no other message follows, and John doesn't know what to reply. He wishes to say so much more, apologise properly, but he cannot find the right words. He cannot find words at all.
John’s hand was roaming over his hip, his waist, his back, up to his trapezius muscle, making his skin prickle under his touch because it was still beneath his shirt. It felt as if he set every part of him on fire although most of the fire and the heat started to gather elsewhere, making Sherlock pull back eventually …
Sherlock wished he didn’t have to look at John. He couldn’t stand it. He wished the withdrawal symptoms were worse by now so he would have an excuse not to talk to John. Sherlock closing his eyes again for a moment was every answer John needed to continue.
»Morning,« he smiled brightly at his flatmate and then chuckled softly. It was a sound Sherlock would keep in his mind palace forever. »I see you’re quite eager to trim the tree.«
“Yes, wonderful, run away from your problems. Lovely way to solve them,” John answered. His words cut into Sherlock’s core, biting down on his flesh and tearing his fragile heart to pieces.
John approaches him slowly, observing his reactions carefully as not to make the situation any worse than it is.
Sherlock groaned quietly into his pillow and closed his eyes, trying to relax away the pain in his head. Even though he’d slept more than twelve hours last night, his body felt weak, his eyes burned as if someone had poured a chemical into them and his headache got worse every second. He emptied the cup of tea and fell into a feverish slumber.
"Let me," Sherlock says. "If you go, you'll only come down with a fake smile plastered on your face, show me to the door, and bid me good-night. You're staying, and you're not to touch that tumbler again, understood?"
Sherlock’s hair was wet from the huge drops the flakes had turned into and his cheeks were rosy from the cold air. He shot him an angry glance and took off his coat and scarf.
When he heard the front door fall shut, he abandoned his tea and rushed into the sitting room, picking up his violin, an awful lot of music paper and a black pen. He put all of it down on his music stand and reached for his bow, raising it to the instrument and starting to play quietly and hesitantly at first.
"Don't," he says, stern, a repetition of his previous text. Sherlock is a man of many words when it comes to deductions, but when he needs to get to the core of things – and quickly – he needs only a few, and his voice. John is used to commands, so Sherlock is giving him one.
John opened his wardrobe and handed Sherlock the softest and warmest jumper he owned. Unfortunately, it was one of his Christmas jumpers.
Sherlock is still kneeling in front of him, hands folded together as if in a prayer. John walks over to him, sinking down to his knees as well and taking both his hands in his own. “You idiot,” he says through gritted teeth. Tears gather in his eyes, too, making it hard to say what needs to be said.
His eyes start stinging again, and it's difficult to breathe. "What I meant to say is … whatever it was that I felt for her once," he looks into Sherlock's eyes, "it does not at all come close to what I feel for you."
He let his heart and everything it had to say run free like a bird that had been kept in captivity for almost its entire life and was now released into the wild and free world.
John nuzzles his nose against Sherlock's cheek and presses a kiss to it before he intertwines his fingers with Sherlock's. "Thanks, love," he murmurs quietly. Sherlock shuts the laptop and sets it down on the table beside John's chair. "Come on, up you get."
Mycroft pulled out his little notebook, handing the shreds to John without saying anything. After a moment, he spoke up, though. “How is he?”
That did it. His chest felt as though it wanted to burst, but then streams of tears started to run down his cheeks. He clenched his hands into fists as terrible sobs made his entire body shake. "Come here, sweetheart."
All air left his lungs in the breathless moan that cut through the silence in the room. He dug his fingers into John's hips as he kept stroking them both through the bliss. He was panting against John's skin; his own skin was prickling with goosebumps.
He didn’t know what time it was when he felt a warm hand on his upper arm. He didn’t even know if he was awake or not. For just a fraction of a millisecond, a ray of hope shot through his chest, wishing, wanting, praying to whatever force out there that it was John while actually not wanting to see him at all. These conflicting feelings were so exhausting.
Sherlock cries out as if in pain, and John knows that this is it. There goes his attempt to do things the right way for once in his life. He won't get this chance now. He will not get to live the rest of his life, neither with Sherlock nor with Mary. He needs to hold onto one of the poles, or he will collapse on the spot.
He didn’t hear John’s footsteps entering the room, didn’t notice him until he felt something cool on his chest. John wiped away the mess from his clavicle, his chest, and his pelvis while Sherlock was smiling like an idiot.
“When did you start?” John wanted to know, his voice full of suppressed tears, and Sherlock blinked at him. “You never used when we still lived together. You even quit smoking, so tell me. When did you start?”
He played until his fingers throbbed and felt as if they were going to start bleeding any second, when the ache in his shoulders began to overwhelm him and his legs lost their ability to hold him upright.
why," John sighed and turned back around to face the weak waves. There was a remarkably soft breeze today, allowing the sea a calm day without any breaking and foaming waves.
John reached for Sherlock’s hand to check his pulse. He didn’t have to count many beats to know it was above what was normal for an adult. “So it’s wearing off?”
"Good," John whispers and gives Sherlock a final squeeze. "Now you go and sit down, I'll get the kettle going and call Greg." Sherlock obeys him and flops down in a chair, staring into the distance with unfocused eyes. John hurries to get the kettle boiling for the second time that morning, then takes out his phone to tap in Greg's number. He fills the DI in as quickly and as thoroughly as he can while Sherlock sips his tea lethargically.
For the next few days, John drops out of sleep and back again several times. He's only ever awake for a few minutes, but during these, Sherlock always sits by his bed, holding his hand, looking at him with worry in his eyes.
He was right. He didn't need to conform to any label. He loved John and it made him happy, happier than he had ever been in his life, and nobody needed to understand that as long as he did. What made it even more special was that the people in their lives were supportive of them, which proved that they understood them, too, and there was no label necessary for that to be the case. He never needed to see those horrible bullies again. They didn’t matter. Their opinions had no impact on his life anymore.
because not a single bloody cab would stop for me,” John groaned and stomped into the kitchen. His bad temper showed when he opened the fridge with more strength than necessary, shoved the yoghurt inside and slammed it shut again.
“Yeah, people were absolutely manic. First I went to Tesco’s just around the corner, but they didn’t have any blackcurrant flavoured so I went to another supermarket in the city. I stood in the queue for ages. When I wanted to pay, my damn credit card was acting up again and once I finally
Sherlock reached for the hem of John’s jumper and pulled it over his head, letting the shirt follow just after the jumper had landed on the floor. He fiddled with his belt and cursed it until John helped him remove it along with his jeans and pants and finally Sherlock felt John against him without another layer of clothing. He inhaled deeply when John aligned their pricks and closed his hand around both of them, starting to stroke.
John stares at him. "Yeah, congratulations, she's been dead for months." Ever since that dreadful night in the Aquarium when she threw herself in front of Sherlock. Ever since… "Would've thought you as the head of our government or whatever it is you actually do would have noticed that a tad earlier."
He clearly needs to take care of the wounds. New bandages. New patches. Sherlock evidently intended to do it himself, but he couldn’t reach all of them.
His lids lifted a little when he felt John's breath on his skin; he was hovering above him. Asking for permission? Sherlock didn't know. He placed his hand on John's shoulder to pull him closer. John followed Sherlock's movements and rested his forehead against his; their noses touched for a brief moment before John leant in, sealing Sherlock's lips with his own once more. Sherlock's eyes closed again and parted his lips, letting John take his upper lip between his teeth. The sensation was marvellous; tingling, prickling.
John rolls his eyes, ignoring the text and taking another sip instead. His heartbeat slows down a little. Memories of Mary are swimming in front of his eyes.
Before long, they are both completely nude. Mary catches the scar on his shoulder, but John doesn't stop to let her look at it for too long, recapturing her attention by kissing her neck, collarbone and breasts. He doesn’t let her touch the scar. He doesn’t want to let anyone see that part of him.
Sherlock looked up, and John was there, just like he'd said, and Sherlock fell in and his climax flooded through him and through him and the next thing he knew John's arms were around him holding him tight against his chest.
Tristram reminds himself of Gents. He reminds himself that he ripped out the IV line with his teeth. He sees Doctor Watson's words in his mind's eye:
"John. I'm his mother. He's been wondering about me for nearly nine years. Of course he wants to see me. Look how readily he agreed that I come along with you this morning."
"No, I... I know he seems posh, but it's all a front. He doesn't think, deep down, that anyone will like him for who he is. To be fair, most people don't. But you do, and that's... He sees that, and I don't think he quite believes you're real. You don't need to buy any new clothes to impress him. But," she continued brightly, "it always gives me a little more confidence."
Doctor Watson makes them wait outside while he goes in first, presumably to make sure nothing's caved in – or about to - then gives them the all-clear to join him. It's dim, the far corners and the upper reaches blanked out by shadow. It also still smells vaguely of animal. Doctor Watson says that's mice, which sends Emily and Tristram off on a quest to find them, shuffling through the debris littering the floor. They are both disappointed not to find anything, but Doctor Watson laughs and says it's no wonder.
Doctor Watson pulls Emily closer against his side. She isn't wearing any pink, Tristram is relieved to see. "Tris was just giving us a tour of the grounds," Doctor Watson says. "We didn't mean to disturb you."
"I'm going to handle this, John." Tristram can hear the tightness and defensiveness in that statement, although Father's voice isn't bristling with acid barbs the way it gets when he says something like that to Uncle Mycroft.
Tristram turns to Emily, expecting to exchange a puzzled look, but she's staring down at her corn flakes.
"No, you were right about it," Sherlock said. "They weren't written with the play or the children in mind."
John wraps one arm around her and pulls her along with him toward Tristram, who looks around him at the empty space behind John. What's going on? Where's Father?
Father closes his hand around the key chain John gave him and slips it into his pocket. His face looks long and he's keeping his eyes down. "There's a picture of Tristram," he says, but he's being evasive; Tristram knows the signs.
After lunch - fish fingers and mash - Tristram and Emily are about to go upstairs to work some more on their time machine, which Emily brought with her, when they hear the door open downstairs. Doctor Watson goes out into the hall, but Tristram knows even before he says anything that it's his father. His footfalls are unmistakable, and they are firm and quick on the stairs, which makes Tristram feel better right away.
"Out back. I haven't even had a chance to let him know Myc's here." She opened the oven and stood back to let John get by.
"Your powers of observation are improving daily," Sherlock says. He whips out a pair of examination gloves and flips his coat back to crouch down beside the body. Lestrade had said they suspected it was a serial killer, but Sherlock can already see four indicators that point to this being the work of a neophyte copycat. Still, not uninteresting.
Inexplicably, he'd presumed Sherlock's injury was small and discrete, like the round scar of his own entry wound (the exit wound was another story, but Mary's bullet had stayed inside Sherlock, so the bulk of his damage wouldn't show). Also, Sherlock had gone to great lengths to establish Mary's skill and precision with a firearm, further feeding John's fantasy that the trauma was minimal. And perhaps it had been, on the outside, but any trace of the original site of entry has been entirely obscured by the long, puffy scar running the length of Sherlock's sternum and halfway to his navel. Because of course the doctors who treated him didn't have time to be neat. They'd had to open him up the quickest way they could, they'd had to dig around to get at the bullet, and they'd had to manually re-start his heart.
.) Sherlock couldn't hear anything in his tone that might set off any alarms. Maybe John had simply decided to strike the afternoon from the books. He'd swallowed a lot worse than a misdirection about where Sherlock spent (or didn't spend) the afternoon. Sherlock decided to play it as if the entire incident were forgotten.
"You want to tell me about this afternoon?" John asked it casually just before taking a bite, as if it were just an extension of their earlier conversation.
John exhales hard and presses his lips together. "Probably, yes. But I sure as hell wouldn't have brought my daughter along." He jabs a finger in the direction of the room where the children are sleeping.
"I don't think they ever intended anyone to eat those. Certainly no one would have if I'd seen them first. Ergo, I don't believe they contained any poison. I wasn't able to discover anything in the initial testing I did in the kitchen. I've sent some samples to a contact of mine who'll run them through the mass spectrometre in the morning, but I expect they'll come back clean. I couldn't take the chance, though."
John stiffened imperceptibly at the suggestion that he and Sherlock were a couple. As he always did. It was tedious, but she supposed he'd lived in the closet for so long it was unconscious.
"No, Sherlock," John hisses, "what I'm getting at is your son very clearly has some issues relating to intimacy, and after this weekend I think I'm beginning to see why."
Tristram nods, bracing for the next comment. He's not worried that his father will be angry about the holes in the sheets, or in the ceiling, but he does expect some remark on how it's not the right shape for a real tent, or how impractical it is for getting in and out of the bed.
"Up in Kilmarnock. He's serving a mandatory life sentence but he'll be eligible for parole next year."
"With Moran out of the way, whoever it was will have that much less protection. Someone's bound to get scared and hopefully be willing to strike a deal."
Sherlock rolls his forehead back and forth against John's collarbone. "I don't... somewhere." The words come out stilted and awkward. His hands, still on John's shoulders, are sticky and damp.
"I have no argument with you," he said crisply. "Your offer was made without a full understanding of what you were getting into."
Tristram's father stays in on Sunday, but he's thinking, so Tristram isn't able to ask him when Doctor Watson and Emily are going to come for dinner. They obviously can't come until he's done with the case, anyway; not only is his father too pre-occupied and tetchy when he's involved in a case, he needs to actually be physically home for a couple of hours in the evening in order for the invitation to work out.
When Father finishes the story, Emily says, "Cool!" and Doctor Watson shakes his head and says, "Incredible," and Tristram's father doesn't even try to suppress his smile. Tristram's stomach twists uncomfortably. He squeezes himself further into the corner of the seat and looks out the window and lets his eye swoop along with the rise and fall of the power lines strung beside the highway.
Sherlock's hips bucked in spite of himself. He was embarrassed by the sounds that came out of his mouth.
"We have indeed," Sherlock tells him, his lips curling upward. "But back to the point, it would never work out, John. I'm not interested in her the way she is interested in me, which is purely physical, I can assure you. Besides, I think I am allowed to decide I'd rather not engage in a ‘relationship' – I'm not entirely certain it could be called that – of that nature."
“From amateur to expert in seconds. I should congratulate myself,” the medical student snorted, but his smile didn’t leave his lips.
"Get yourself ready, then," John told him and raised his eyebrows flirtingly. This man would be the end of him, wouldn't he …
“You don’t need to laugh,” John says. “I know you don’t do this sort of thing. I shouldn’t have told you– I should– Yeah, I should go back upstairs.” He gets up and makes for the door, not wanting to look back, but Sherlock saying his name freezes him on the spot.
"Do you see the pattern of the dirt on the floor? It's part of the footprint. Distributed evenly. The soil has dried a little by now, but when the kidnapper climbed in through the window and landed on the floor, it was still a little wet. Therefore it came off easily as the impact was more forceful that the weight of a normal – in this case light – step would have been. There's no other way the dirt could have ended up just beneath the sill. The fact that it is a busy street opposes the theory, but most likely it was a risk the kidnapper was willing to take. He or she was willing to take the risk of being seen this way rather than venturing into unknown territory inside the house."
He put on warm socks and went back to the living room. Was it getting chillier in here or was it just him? The detective checked the radiator; it was on, but cold. It was hardly surprising the whole flat was cold, too, then.
John loved the holiday and all the traditions that came with it, but there was one thing about it he loved most.
“You don’t need to apologise.” Sherlock smiled a little; he was relieved nothing was wrong. “Please, sit down.”
»That doesn’t look like a heart, John. It looks like you tried but failed to cut something out that resembles a circle and now it’s egg-shaped…« Sherlock squabbled and John simply couldn’t stop giggling.
There were so many things they should have talked about. So many things he wanted clarification for. So many things that they needed to say to one another and that Sherlock always felt were better to disregard, as he feared they would break what they had achieved.
“Everything you went through last night was a natural response of your body to all the drugs you took. There was absolutely nothing you could do about it. You accepted my help and this is exactly what this is, Sherlock. It was what I wanted. I didn’t do it because I pity you or because I judge you. You’re my best friend, all right? I knew what I signed up for when I offered you support and you knew what was going to happen when you accepted it. There is absolutely no reason to be embarrassed,” John said and Sherlock desperately wanted to believe him.
Of course he had given his choice of gift a lot of thought in the previous years, but … if he reconsidered it, they had all been rubbish. It had been merely practical things, nothing special, nothing extraordinary, nothing outstanding even though it should have been.
“You’re up early,” Sherlock murmurs after a few minutes in which John has been drifting between sleep and waking.
“People sometimes do horrible things for reasons that seem appropriate and justified at that moment. The crucial thing is that they realise their mistakes. Some never reach that stage. What happened is in the past. You can’t undo it. You must learn to acknowledge and accept your wrongs.”
They spent the rest of the day on the beach together, playing volleyball, walking along the water, chatting, laughing.
"Your behaviour was just so different. I've never seen you like this before – and then you were talking to me in one minute, and suddenly you just collapsed in front of me. We took you out because we thought maybe you needed some fresh air, but you didn't respond very well to us. You downed an entire bottle of water then, and we wanted to take you home, but I was too worried to leave your grandma alone with you in your condition. Besides, it was already well past midnight, and she was probably already in bed. I almost called an ambulance, but Bill calmed me down a bit. They said they'd take you home. You vomited twice on the way, they told me, but I don't know if you remember that."
After tea and biscuits, Sherlock walks up the stairs to put Rosie to bed for her lunchtime nap. He holds her close to John's face so he can kiss her goodnight and then disappears for a while. Downstairs, John can hear him cooing and Rosie giggling. If he didn't know better, he'd say that Sherlock is her father. Maybe she really has accepted him as her Papa. Thinking of that makes him smile.
He could feel John's smile against his cheek and then felt a warm hand close around his most sensitive part. Holding back a gasp, he wound his arms around John's back.
“Whoever took her came in through the window,” Sherlock murmurs quietly, kneeling down to take a look at the floorboards with his magnifying glass.
John’s hand rested on his back, rubbing it firmly and gently at once. Sherlock never wanted him to stop. “Your temperature, pulse, respiratory rate, blood pressure and oxygen saturation have to be monitored at all times. There are no antidotes here to alleviate the pain. I can’t … we can’t do this here. I’m sorry,” he said calmly. “It’ll only be for a few days. I’ll stay with you.”
»I want–« He pressed up against John again, but it wasn’t enough. It was nowhere near enough. »I need you to touch me. I want to … to feel you against me,« he gasped and then John’s mouth was against his again and he felt eager fingers unzipping his trousers.
»Thank you,« he smiled when the detective handed him a glass of punch and he was glad Sherlock sipped at some punch, too. It would certainly lift the mood.
every time he saw him without a shirt on. He had seen John's chest on plenty of occasions, in various situations, from probably all the angles and in every light. But it was different. Now, he was allowed to stare. Now, he was allowed to catalogue. Now, he was allowed to reach out, take a closer look and touch–
Sherlock stood still and the trace of a smile lingered on his lips which Mycroft thankfully couldn’t see.
He took in the sight in front of him. John's heavy breathing, in and out through his mouth to steady his breaths, his parted lips that he wetted with his tongue just in that moment and the hand that played with the duvet absentmindedly, not quite sure if the next step was allowed.
“Holidays are for relaxing, right? So why don’t you join us this one time? Your muscles look like they’d enjoy some loosening up.”
The rest of the evening ticked away in a flash and in no time, the both of them fell into Sherlock's bed; exhausted, their hearts still sore, still rough around the edges. It was probably the heavy silence that fell upon them, engulfing them whole, that let Sherlock's thoughts drift off to melancholy.
The sick smile reappears on her face. “It's either him,” she pulls a gun out of her pocket and points it at Sherlock, “or her.” She gently pops Rosie up and down on her arm. “It's your decision. I'm not going to make it for you.”
One, two, three, four, five, six more pushes … and then he jumped over the edge. Falling off the cliff. He groaned out John’s name, breathing in his air while they were both panting. It didn’t take John much longer to follow him, leaving a pool of release on Sherlock’s belly and chest, but he couldn’t care less.
“John …” Sherlock murmured as he woke up with a jump and retreated to the side of the bed. “John, wake up!”
“John,” Sherlock whispered, turning his head to look at him and lifting his hips, rubbing against John’s still clothed middle to show him what he was incapable of saying.
Sherlock seems to sense his insecurity and thus speaks on. "The point is, that I very much want you – and Rosie – to live here. I could have easily chosen to be alone, as you rightfully pointed out, but I did not. I want you around. I nee–" He stops himself there, drinking a bit of his tea. He clears his throat once and tries to cover his slip that John noticed anyway. “I want you around. Both of you.”
Sherlock smiled, shaking his head. “I meant before me, another bloke. After coming to terms with being bisexual.”
So far, he had truly enjoyed what they had been doing even if it still scared him a little. Well, scared him? Did it scare him? It was probably the wrong choice of word. It made him feel uncertain; a rare and unusual state. That was likely why he was reluctant and nervous. Because it unsettled him in ways he wasn't used to. Because he had little to no experience.
The cramp was relentless, torturing his leg until it felt unbearable. He let go of it again and swam back up, releasing the used air and inhaling the fresh one. He turned, trying to find John and called out his name once more.
Then the sounds of a soft piano started echoing in the distance, and Sherlock found himself unable to breathe as he sank down from his barstool and was led into the middle of the dance floor.
He wants everything. He wants it so much that it makes his chest contract because he knows he doesn’t deserve it. Least of all with Sherlock who suffered so much from what John had done already. If he screws this up, he’ll lose him and everything that still holds his life together. But God, he wants this, he wants
John had made every effort to come up with a detailed and cleverly thought out yet almost completely dishonest excuse. He had obviously never even listened to him.
»Come upstairs with me. It’s not like wearing a jumper is going to kill you,« the doctor said softly.
“I thought we just needed yoghurt?” Sherlock asked him. He lay on the sofa in his thinking pose and his voice was low and even.
He gave his other nipple the same attention as he had to the first before he moved lower, over his rips, his belly button, his groin.
“I haven’t,” Sherlock admitted. “I know you have an older sister, Harry. And I know about her … drinking and girlfriend problems.”
“Idiot,” John answered lovingly and reached for the zipper of his rugby jacket, slipping out of it in almost no time. “Here you are.” He wound the jacket around Sherlock’s shoulders, helping him to put it on.
John snorted and shook his head a few times. “It’s just not common to ask someone if they masturbate on the second day of knowing each other.”
It had started innocently. John smiles sadly at the memory. Innocent. Was anything about Sherlock innocent? Lots of things were. Others were not. He shakes his head, not wanting to dwell on it.
drunk. Besides, it did you good. You slept like a log once we got home. I could hear your snoring from upstairs and your door was shut,« he chuckled.
Sherlock knew the man was going to abduct him once he saw he didn't have anything valuable on him. He had been in desperate need of money, which was evident from his dishevelled look and his ragged clothes. He had not planned to go this far as he had only intended to get Sherlock's wallet and then leave, but when he found out he had none, he was aware he couldn't simply leave without Sherlock reporting him to the police. A much more stupid idea came to his mind, then; an abduction that might have made him even richer. His uncertainty was still noticeable to Sherlock; his only trump.
“It’s up to you,” John said, taking another bite of his pancake. “I can pick you up afterwards, too. If you want to go out somewhere, that is.”
Their dance became the centre of attention not only of their friend group but also other people who had remained seated cheered them on. It all faded to nothing, though. They were laughing at their own richness in ideas and the ridiculousness of some of them.
“Moriarty is back. We have to solve this case,” John told him firmly. “Coming down from cocaine every day won’t help us with this.”
John extricates himself reluctantly from Sherlock’s arms and it feels like the hardest thing he’s ever had to do.
Sherlock grinned sheepishly and was glad his cheeks still felt warm from sleeping because otherwise, John would've seen him blush.
They simply ignored it. "Who do you have, Holmes?" they had sneered, which left him speechless for the first time in years.
John’s hand came up to Sherlock’s face, his knuckles brushing his cheek twice before it found its way to his tousled hair, playing with an errant curl just behind his ear.
Of course he would notice. Great. Now he is forced to have this conversation a lot sooner than he has planned or expected. At almost three o clock in the bloody morning.
“If I’d had any idea what you were thinking, I would have told you right away, without any surprise and without any of this drama. I …” John cleared his throat. “Would you like to hold him?”
John bursts into a laugh and cannot help but pull Sherlock back up to kiss him breathlessly, not knowing how to control the kiss with all the giggles that escape him. "Truly unbelievable," he murmurs against his mouth.
The rest of the night was more peaceful. Sherlock slept soundly and even though the dreams kept coming, he didn’t wake up. Sometimes, he was sure he could feel John’s hand on his forehead or his cheek or his shoulder, but it might as well have been a hallucination.
, but once more Sherlock is faster than him. “On that rooftop, Moriarty threatened to end your lives. He positioned snipers who witnessed the entire scene. There was no other possible way to stop this except ‘killing myself.’ I had to make it convincing, John. I had to make you watch and believe the lie. I couldn’t let you know afterwards, or you would have been in danger once again, and I couldn’t let that happen.”
Lestrade clicks his tongue. “But wouldn't any old kidnapper just go, 'Oh, Mr Holmes is famous, let's steal his daughter'?"
“Shh.” John pulls back to look at him. “I swear, I’ll prove to you that you don’t have to fear to trust me anymore, but you need to accept that we’re not there yet. We both have a hell of a lot of work to do, but we’ll get there, okay?”
“A bright future lies ahead indeed,” Sherlock answered and took a sip of his drink while John cackled with laughter. He didn’t quite get how what he said was funny, but the sound of John chuckling at something he said was a sound he would not forget anytime soon and savour safely in a separate room inside his mind palace. A pleased smile appeared on his lips.
John smiled softly and lifted the covers, getting into bed beside him. This couldn’t be real. He was dreaming. He couldn’t be this lucky.
»This is none of your business and it’s not what I came for to discuss with you. He thinks you deserve to celebrate Christmas with your family. You should thank him for still believing there’s a tiny piece of humanity left in you,« Sherlock retorted. »Besides,« he added, »Mummy would be disappointed if you didn’t come.«
"You… you know what I mean." John waves his hand around, finding it hard to say what he wishes to, finding it difficult to admit what he did, to apologise the way he should.
Karla was aware of the risks of getting involved with a soldier, especially because people generally degraded those women to whores who only offered sexual relief to soldiers in exchange for money since everyone was poor after the war. Scott was a charming man, though, unlike many others who were mostly looking for sexual pleasure and quick flings. He was different in several respects. “He was gentle when others were rough, kind when others were aggressive and serious about his promises when others broke them as soon as you turned your back on them,” Karla always said.
"That's not what-" John starts, but he stops when Sherlock gently kisses the side of John's cheek. John twists farther to meet him, and then they are kissing properly. John gets one hand inside Sherlock's jacket and Sherlock slides his hand up onto John's neck so he can feel the solid warmth of John's skin, under the military-clean line of his hair.
Before he even knows what he's doing, John lifts his hand to press it against the scar. It's the same temperature as the surrounding skin: warm, but not feverish. The bright pinkness speaks of fresh, healthy skin, not angry and inflamed tissue.
John had let the practise where he was filling in know the situation, and they'd been understanding. It had been a bit strange to say it out loud to someone else: my partner's father. As if it were real; official. He and Sherlock hadn't discussed it, hadn't made any promises or declarations. And yet since they'd kissed -- since the outing to the dockyard, really -- it was as if a rubber band that had been straining between them had snapped. The sense of navigating uncharted waters in an unfamiliar craft was gone, replaced by a steady hand at the rudder, a confidence that their vessel was seaworthy. There was no need to fear if they lost sight of the coastline. They were in it together. His partner.
Father and Uncle Mycroft are standing across the living room by the mantel, Father with his violin dangling from his hand. Was he playing? Tristram didn't hear either the violin or Uncle Mycroft's entrance. He must have been asleep quite soundly.
"You can have the couch," John says, but his words are slurred and indistinct. His muscle tone is already going slack again.
"No," John says immediately. "I'm... No," he repeats, as if the entire notion were ridiculous. "Does she mean me?" he asks anyway.
But Emily has asked him a question. Another example of atypical behaviour: Father following John into the bathroom. It's a good guess on Emily's part, that he might be hurt. That's pretty much the only reason Tristram knows of for two people to go into a bathroom together, is for one to help the other because they're hurt or sick. But the four of them been together all afternoon and evening, and he didn't see anything happen to Father that might require medical care. So he answers, "No, I don't think so."
Sherlock busied himself with making tea and - as he actually was a bit peckish and needed something to do with his hands - toast and scrambled eggs while the shower ran.
"Do tell, how's Big Brother? Done quite well for himself, as I hear. At least there's one son the family can be proud of. I doubt he has much interest in a piddling Nativity, much less the Baker Street version."
John took in Sherlock's rigid stance; his eyes skipping away when mentioning his mother's parties. He recalled how tense Sherlock was on the way to his mother's, how he'd reacted to her barely veiled disapproval of him, his achievements; of John.
Sherlock fluttered his fingers dismissively. "Christmas comes round every year. But a murder, John!"
"This came today." He hands John a scrap of paper. "One of my contacts passed it to Mrs Hudson when she was out at the shops, and she gave it to Emily. I don't know why she couldn't bring it to me herself," he gripes.
"Sherlock!" Moriarty gushed. "I'm so pleased you stayed. I was afraid you'd leave after the first song, when you realised there's no way you can ever top us. Oh, or was that naughty of me to say in front of your ... friend?" He turned his shark's teeth on John. "Aren't you going to introduce us?"
John exhaled heavily and went over to stand beside Sherlock at the desk. He looked down and touched his fingers lightly to a pen lying there. "I won't see her any more. Not like that, anyway."
He was right. Along with everyone else. 100%. Final results: SassyFox, DontBeBoring, WestHamSucks. If not for John's help on the last one, Sherlock would have been third. Scattered applause. People looking around for SassyFox. No one suspecting the white-haired lady with the thick-lensed glasses. One more chip. She still had half the plate. Apparently she was in for the long haul. The next round started in ten minutes. Enough time for a bathroom break, cigarette, or fresh pint. Sherlock lifted the quiz remote and tapped it to his forehead, a salute in her direction. She scrunched her face up. Possibly unable to see that far. Sherlock returned his attention to John.
He was a virtuoso in the art of costuming and disguise and through the course of our many years of acquaintance I had witnessed him in every form from rakish scoundrel and heavy-browed thug to gentried matron. Yet no alter ego agitated me to such a degree as that of the false omega, even (or perhaps especially) when the rest of him remained Holmes. It was wrong in the way of a two-headed calf or a midnight sun, and it made me want to do nothing more than tear his clothes off and cleanse his body of the false scent with my bare hands.
Tristram finally settles on, "He's nice," because it's bland and inoffensive and objectively true. Doctor Watson is nice to pretty much everyone.
"You didn't see him when I told him we were leaving," Father says smugly. "Go on, tell him, Tristram."
Sherlock didn't care, actually. He didn't care about Mr Kwok's reputation, or Angelo's restaurant, or Yosef's legal troubles. Nor did he care about any of those people or what happened to them. He didn't even care about the favours and gifts he received in thanks (and it must be said that the observations he made got him in trouble more than they were appreciated). He simply couldn't
No, the longing was deeper and more problematic than that. It was for the ephemeral twosomeness he'd always been excluded from, or at most, stood on the edge of, sneering at it with the self-righteousness of a tourist belittling native customs he didn't understand. He had vehemently never wanted to have any part of it, had based his entire self-image and existence on the supremacy and superiority of his individuality and separateness. The idea of forming a connection with another human being that went beyond the practical or, occasionally, the curiosity-quenching, was anathema. And so the fact that he now found himself wanting to share part of himself - to share large parts of his life, in blatant terms - was not a notion that sat comfortably with him. Not least because the success of such a venture was not something he had much control over. It depended almost entirely on the man beside him, a man he'd already disappointed and hurt, even if unintentionally.
"Hey, the beach!" he exclaims to Emily with more feeling than Tristram feels is warranted. After all, it's winter. They won't be able to do much. "We haven't been to the beach in ages,” Doctor Watson continues. “Years, probably. Do you remember when we went to Bournemouth for the weekend? You must have been... six, I guess. And we built that sand castle with the princess in the tower?"
This is bad, and the badness stirs him out of the half-consciousness he'd slipped into. If there's one thing Tristram knows he's not supposed to do, it's go with someone he doesn't know. He's not even supposed to go with most of the people he
They moved stiffly, John staring at his feet, willfully shutting out any outside eyes that might be on them. Sherlock was aware of them -- curious, startled; indulgent, pleased -- but kept his focus on John. On moving them safely around the other dancers, on keeping his motions smooth and confident. Sherlock ached for this to be something they could enjoy, moving freely and easily together, sharing the sensation of their bodies shifting in harmony, not a trial to be gotten through to prove a point. Doors were opening.
John held the music up and brandished it at the children. "I have it on very good authority that you can sing this while standing on your heads drinking a glass of water!" he called out to them.
"The second one took him down. I couldn't tell if it was a kill or not, but Sherlock gave the thumbs-up through the window. "
The next one comes much closer, close enough that Doctor Watson has to duck, but when he comes up again, it's to send a snowball at Tristram and Father with uncanny accuracy. It glances off Father's arm, splattering Tristram, and after that there's lots of ducking and dodging and shouting and breathless laughter, with Tristram handing snowballs up to Father as fast as he can and Emily and Doctor Watson both pelting them with everything they've got. Tristram's nose is running, his feet are freezing, his mitten has soaked through, his head is sweaty and itchy under his hat, and he somehow got snow in his ear, but he can't remember ever having so much fun. Tristram has no idea who's winning, but it doesn't matter one bit. Father is glorious, standing tall and fearless next to him, never giving an inch, batting at any snowballs that come too close.
Tristram basks in the knowledge that he's pleased his father, even if it was Emily who remembered they should take their phones with them.
"The imagination often conjures up far worse images than reality," Father interjects. Tristram jerks his head up to look at him. He almost forgot he was sitting there.
Tristram doesn't know what to say to that. Rather than examining his own feelings too closely, he tries to divine what he thinks his grandmother wants him to say. Despite the little scene he just witnessed - which he still doesn't quite understand - he thinks that she actually likes Doctor Watson; she did spend a lot of time talking to him, and tried to get him to stay at the end.
"Good. Stay close to me and do not speak to anyone." Father holds the door open for him, and they go out into the hall. Tristram expects he's going to have to stretch his legs to keep up with Father, as usual, but Father adjusts his stride and keeps Tristram close by his side.
A huge observation wheel, a few circuses, roller coasters, lots of fairground rides and an enormous ice rink were surrounded by stalls selling all kinds of food like German sausages, fruits dipped in chocolate, gingerbread hearts, pancakes, roasted almonds and many more uncountable sweets. They sold mulled wine and Christmas decoration, too, and everything was ablaze with lights. Christmas songs were played on every corner and John really didn’t know where to drag Sherlock first.
“We’ve got less than a minute to live. You could attempt to be considerate,” John tells him. He doesn’t have Sherlock’s control.
When he walked around the corner to turn in at the beach, his heart began to flutter. He wished it would just stop. He had never dreaded seeing John, but now all he wanted to do was flee the scene and go back home.
No sooner had they closed the door behind them than the tension finally left their shoulders. “Jesus, that was insane,” John was heaving a breath.
He had to get out. Now. Turn his back to John and say he was cold. He was already on his way back and if he had good eyesight, which Sherlock was certain he had, he would notice within seconds.
John guided them safely in the little space they had, and when the artist began to sing he tried not to think about the words he sang and merely enjoy the few minutes he would be able to spend with John,
He went lower and lower, and Sherlock had the feeling he was giving him a massage. He didn't care if he was or not, but he wanted him to keep doing it. His fingers ghosted over Sherlock's skin, applying the sunscreen with kneading movements of his fingertips and Sherlock wasn't sure if it was heaven or hell.
“Tell me, what’s going on?” His voice was calm and soft and Sherlock wished it wasn’t because it brought another wave of tears to his eyes that, thank God, hadn’t rolled down his cheeks yet.
A pained look lies in Sherlock's eyes, making John's chest ache so badly it becomes hard to breathe. "It never mattered."
The pain grows more intense with every second ticking by. His pulse must be erratic. It is only a question of time until his lungs will give out …
“How much did you see?” Sherlock asked, sitting down. The footbridge was quite long, and he could barely make out a face of someone standing on the observation platform and facing the beach.
“I heard you were almost abducted last night! Only just met you and Johnny already got into trouble himself,” one of the young men grinned at Sherlock when they approached them. Nerviness rose in Sherlock’s chest.
The fire continues burning in the fireplace. Outside, the cars keep driving by. Rosie continues to sleep peacefully in her little bed. Downstairs, John and Sherlock keep breathing. Their chests rise and fall at the same time, and their hearts pump blood through their bodies like they always have. Steady. Reliable.
Sherlock cherished every word, every breath and every brush of soft lips as though it was the last time he was allowed to bask in John’s gentle affections.
!" Sherlock presses his hands to his chest so hard it feels as if he is being split in two. He is aching all over. His head, his eyes, his torso.
“You dream about him?” Irene cocked an eyebrow and then laughed. “What a stupid question. Of course you do. What do you dream about?”
