The redhead released him and walked over to his audio player, a pathetic Christmas carol was playing on the radio, but she began to dance.
A light went on. It was time to put on the seat belts and listen to the emergency instructions. Tony paid no attention to the flight attendant, he was still trying to assimilate what had happened that morning, just a few hours ago.
Christmas is the perfect pretext for a family reunion. Where hearts merge in harmony and love. The warmth of that feeling radiates, even, to the coldest of souls. Christmas moment of peace. Moment of...
So, if they hadn't hired him a gigolo either... who the hell was he? That was the key.
Until that moment, Tony had let himself be carried away by the lack of control of the situation. The conductive thread of his actions was perplexity. He tried to think correctly and analytically, after all he was a man of science. So, he just had to put the facts on the table and he would find the answer.
He could already see himself suffering like every year, and like every year, the usual question: "And your boyfriend? You have one, right?" What a fascination of his family with wanting to grow every year!
His aunt opened her mouth and eyes, surprised. It took her a second to recover, and then she put her hands together in silent applause and turned around to shout:
“Uh huh” from her purse she took out a bottle “Eggnog, it's my gift to your mommy”
“Sometimes you don't know you want something, until you have it” said Tony, recalling the conversation he had with his friends, that fateful day when he made his wish.
Santa laughed softly “What is your wish, Tony?”
“Tony” he heard his name like in a dream, close to his ear. Shit! Even his voice was sexy “Merry Christmas!”
A few minutes later, they were finally on their way to the airport; and now, both were side by side in the plane, about to take off.
His father, surely, would wear that grotesque tie that was lit by little flashing lights; not to mention Uncle Paul, who, when talking to him, would let out all the smoke from his Cuban cigar. The cousins in their cheesy sweaters and red dresses, and the scandalous nephews running from one place to another like devils. The Christmas carols of the inopportune neighbors and the damn church play.
When his friend left, Tony went into his room, put a pair of cotton earplugs in his ears and went to bed.
“Uh huh”
He and Howard laughed. And right under Tony's nose, the two of them started talking as if they were two old friends. At a certain point, Steve looked at his watch, and said that he had to go back to Tony's mother, because he would accompany her to get some ingredients for dinner; and he left.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which one is?” insisted Santa. Tony saw Pepper pointing to her phone, on the screen he could read his mother's name.
Steve shakes his head. “They’re both just way stations to different degrees. Some are for the innocents that die before being baptized. Purgatory is a way station of suffering, where souls are made to pay for their sins before moving on.” Steve meets Tony’s gaze. His one sin had been lying to Tony – about so many things. “We all have to pay for our sins.”
As mistress of the coven, head of their family, Natasha directed what they would do, how they would handle the situation.  She ignored Thor’s concern and said, “Stay low. Scatter. Go to your hidden safe houses. I want no one here by dusk. I’ll contact Carter in Europe and see how they are handling it. I’ll also contact Carol, Wanda, Helen, and Diana to see if they have any plans.”
“Yeah, good. He’s gonna be fine.” Tony peers over his shoulder and the idea of Steve hurt and letting someone hurt him jabs into his chest like a hot poker. “Do you, do you know he lets that guy hurt him?”
“Are you okay?” Steve says.
Steve spat up but managed to choke down another sip. His vision remained blurry. When he looked at Ross and Pierce watching him, their faces changed, malformed, and transformed into wicked parodies. They weren’t vampires or monsters, but beautiful men – men who had it all and whose greed expanded to want more and more until they could never be satiated. Immortality and the ability to pursue more power shined like a halo around them – they were the darkest of angels. Godsent to change the world yet they only bent it to their needs.
“Please, please. I need to come. Let me come.”
“Nook, sir?”
“Everyone knows it was a lion,” he said to no one in particular. Except maybe the toy. The toy that got stuffed into his suitcase to be brought to MIT with him. Just in case.
“Ew! Don’t tell me Steve slept with him.”
“He won’t marry,” Clint remarks as they are fishing through different sashes for the robes. “He’s even designated the Duchess Virginia as his heir.”
“I’m not sure. Fury has a strong hold on the water rights to the Upper Lanes. He could make a strong play for it,” Natalie says.
When Tony wakes up his eyes ache and he rolls over onto his stomach, realizing he never got out of his clothes. His teeth feel like they have a layer of guck on them. He groans and makes it to his feet, heading to his small ensuite. He sloughs off his clothes and gets into the small shower. The routine of the shower not only serves to wake him up but also allows him some perspective. Steve’s dealing with Barnes’ situation and his own sexuality on top of living a life he never planned. Sure, it’s been years since he thawed out, but everything keeps changing for him. That can’t be easily. Tony knows for a fact it isn’t. Maybe give him a break?
“Doesn’t look good, boss. Seems Jo-Jo’s been too busy with her integrations.” That’s Penny – he did not call on Penny to answer.
Steve shucks his shoes and then his jacket. It tumbles to the floor. “I’m getting there.” His voice smiles.
Tony eyes him, and then nods. “Do it up.”
He started to shoulder his way through but the force of the crowd overwhelmed him. A hand landed on his shoulder and a loud voice announced, “Avengers business, coming through. Coming through.”
“It’s not like what you’ve seen in the movies. You can’t change your past,” Bruce says. “When Tony in the future invented some way to ‘erase’ what happened, what he did was create another reality, not erase the past.”
“Mister Stark doesn’t shake hands.”
“You want to be brave, show how tough you are?” Rumlow widened his smile. “Let’s do this then. Protocol 1C.” The adamantium chain firmed up and then the nanobots crawled down his arms, covering them. The ankle shackles transformed as well and then slithered up his legs. “They made this just for you. Tested it on some unfortunate souls. But it works fine now.” He stopped and then stated, “Rack him.”
“I don- I don’t know,” he murmurs and it hurts like a physical wound, stabbed straight to his groin to say it.
“Are simply Family.” Steve ignored the sorcerer and asked, “Do we know anything more about them?”
In reply, Tony grumbles a curse.
Steve listened to Tony – the way his voice tripped over the words, skipping as if they were inconsequential to the Mantra itself. In some ways, he was right. Steve followed along, muttering the Mantra himself.  “The Core is the Soul. The Core is in me. I am the Soul.”
The leader slaps his hands away and then, for good measure, punches Steve in the face, hard enough to cause him to stagger backwards, but not rough enough to force him to crumple. He holds his nose and indicates Tony.
Is he Tony’s paramour? Alter ego?
“You can’t survive a week without me, someone else had to be there,” Pepper smiles, and it is comforting and good.
Tony shrugs again and looks toward the door in the cramped storage room. “I did that. Long time ago.” He keeps his eyes averted from Steve. “Used to run into Dad’s office and steal it from his drawer. He found it shortly after he found the Tesseract. Said you wouldn’t be anywhere without it, so he knew you’d be close. Of course, he never found you.” He sighs and then rummages through his bag, not taking anything out of it. “I’d steal it and pretend to be you. The photo was long since gone. I finally found one just like it – I’d seen the newsreels a thousand times – and put it in there one time. My father beat the shit out of me for stealing it. But it was nice to have-.” He stops. The story hangs there, like a thread waiting to be unraveled. He shakes his head. “But that’s it. That’s how the photo is still there.”
She clicks her tongue a few times on the roof of her mouth. "Are you a cop?"
Thor startled and smiled at the nurse as he bent down to pick up the hammer. “Sorry.”
The slap stung Tony’s cheek, and his eyes watered. He dropped the frisbee and slid off the bed. His whole body quaked. What had he done wrong? Howard loved Captain America. Everything he’d ever said about Captain America had been about how good he’d been and how perfect he’d been.
“Tell me. We promised. Together and no secrets.” Tony knows Steve’s heart amplifies the ache in his chest.
“I’m the Duchess of the Inner Regions and the First Executive of Stark. But you can call me Pepper, everyone does.”
“Why do we have printed documents when we have him sign electronically, anyhow?” Tony gets up from the chair and swings around the desk, dragging his finger across it as he moves. It will leave a mark.
When Tony breaks them out of the Ten Rings stronghold, the lion is not their friend – not exactly, but he’s not about to eat them. Blu holds off their attackers as Tony, in his suit of armor, cradles a dying Yinsen in his arms and promises to make a better life. Every fiber of his being wants to linger, to pay homage to this man in his arms, but life is cruel and savages even the smallest moments. He lays Yinsen down and looks to the passageway. Blu growls and shakes his mighty mane. It’s unnaturally blonde. Tony never noticed in the dark of the cell. Again, the lion grumbles and then turns with a roar at the oncoming attackers. In the far too clunky armor, Tony swings around and heads toward the exit. He hears shrieks behind him and hopes that the beast takes the captors down. They deserve what they get from the abused animal.
Tony shook his head. “Howard isn’t you. What he did- he did himself. Had nothing to do with you at all. I see that.” He searched Steve’s face. “I want this to work out.”
“Captain Rogers is in his apartment.”
He didn’t grab for the drive right away. Instead he asked, “Who, who are we talking about here?”
By the time he accepted there was no real answer, the sun had risen and he was staring out at the gleaming mountains of Manhattan. Brooklyn faded away but the feeling of Tony in his arms lingered. Getting a shower and shave saved him from having to think about the blissful feeling he had – just lying there with a man in his arms, nuzzling and being close. He rinsed away the feeling, shaved and prepped for his meeting. He dressed and then went to the kitchen to find Sam already frying eggs in a pan.
As they stood on the banks of the creek, Tony surveyed the damage to his armor and to the remains of the Legion. “Phew, that’s a mess. I’ll call in the cleaning crew tomorrow. How’d we do otherwise?”
“I have a list of movies I should watch, but why don’t you pick?” Steve says and sits down, looking up at Tony and anxiously waiting for him to take a seat.
Steve is not the only one in denial
“Fact is, he can’t have anyone he doesn’t know right now,” Nat had said.
“Why?”
He’d stood there in the shower, hoping and praying but there was no God in this universe that wouldn’t see his sin. He shuddered against it. Tried to will his cock down. Instead unbidden images of Tony before him, sitting with his head thrown back and his mouth open as Steve swallowed him down, as Steve tasted him, as Steve felt the curvature of his cock in his mouth. And then Tony had grabbed his head and thrust, thrust so deep and powerfully that Steve had wanted to cup his balls, had wanted to finger his ass, had wanted to flip him over and fuck him.
“Funny?” Tony’s smile had dropped. “I find none of this funny. I find it disturbing that a war hero who obvious had a serious case of PTSD was locked away in a prison, was experimented on, and when he finally got out – or should I say escaped – could only self treat himself by having people fuck him until it numbed it all.” His admonishment worked. Fury had been sufficiently cowed.
He hauls Steve upward and the Jedi goes quiet either out of pure terror or because he knows he’s found safety’s arms. Bucky hopes it is the latter. Redwing appears and tweets. He flutters away as Bucky brings Steve back into his arms. His blaster is lost, somewhere in the muck. He has a pistol and a few grenades and stingers left but that’s it. They are defenseless.
He was a strong guy, he was able get Tony's bags down without any problem, and return for him, who was still paralyzed in the middle of his living room, holding the plane tickets in his hands.
Steve caught up with him and leaned on the chain of Tony's swing, swinging him gently.
Tony rolled his eyes and wiped the thunderous kiss his mother gave him on the cheek, before she went after his father. Only he and Steve were left in the living room.
Tony smiled briefly to tell them he was going there. And as he dodged the tables and the unnecessarily huge Christmas tree to get to them, he thought that even his friends get cheesy on those dates.
“Honestly?”
“Go and ask for your wish”
When he finished reading, he closed the card.
“All right, that's enough!” Tony yelled and everyone turned to see him “I'm here too, in case you hadn't noticed!”
“No way, fatso” he told him as he turned around trying to escape, but Pepper stood in front of him.
He returned to the bathroom and handed him the towel. Steve wrapped it around his waist in front of a gaping brunette, who, once again, told himself that Santa must hold him in high regard to give him a gift like that.
“It’s true” said Bruce, treasuring his donut “You don't want another year with the same”
All credits to Aomame_kz
Tony frowned. Gregory was his twin brother, they were born the same day, and had the same IQ, but while one was a scientific genius, the other was a financial genius and handled all the company's finances. He had been married for several years and had two children. Did Steve know about that? His thought seemed to invoke him, because he just appeared at the entrance of the garage. He carried a donut in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other. Tony remembered that he hadn't eaten breakfast and his guts growled in protest at the mistreatment they had been subjected to.
“Not that I heard. Why?” She must sit down because the scene shifts to her floating with her legs in a lotus position.
“I think I want to be alone right now.”
There are designs of ships and stations, of robots and armors. All of it originates from the prince’s mind. He’s heard tales of the prince’s genius – how he’s single handed designed most of the ships in the fleet, the armors used, and the different weapons technologies. Stark Systems reap the rewards, yes, but they are certainly earned. The only potential challenger to the title in the past years Steve recalls is a man named Hammer, whose technology failed in multiple skirmishes throughout the front.
Steve turned and looked at the ridge of Tony’s muscular arm, the curve of his hip. He remembered the feel, the weight of Tony on top of him. He shivered with the idea of Tony’s kisses.
“I just want to make sure our boy isn’t being bamboozled.”
“Lay back down, you punk.” He steers Steve back to the cot.
In the year 1969, the United States of America landed Apollo 11 on the moon. The astronauts, Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin took the first steps of any human on a celestial body other than Earth. During their time on the lunar surface an unknown radiation wave was detected but not reported to the whole of humanity. It could not be explained and therefore was not widely disseminated. The American government theorized it was the USSR. The Soviets had indeed beat the Americans to the moon. After careful inspection of the data, scientists on Earth headed by the prominent billionaire, Howard Stark, showed that the radiation source originated from the dark side of the moon. The astronauts were instructed to retrieve the radiation source.
“A pleasure to meet you, I am—“
“What? You're leaving already?”
“Are you crazy?” He lowered his voice tone a tenth more. “We’re men.”
(See the end of the chapter for
All credits to Aomame_kz
“I saw him” replied the captain with simplicity “And decided he would be my boyfriend”
“It's my favorite” said Tony, sinking his tooth into the bread.
“My name is Steven Rogers”
Howard put music in the living room, music to dance for the elderly. Tony saw his parents open the dance floor and couldn't help but smile, as he couldn't help but when, since Gregory refused, aunt Elizabeth took Steve out to dance. He danced that kind of music pretty well.
He entered the cafe and shook the snow off his coat. It was warm inside, so he took off his scarf and breathed the disgusting smell of hot chocolate, Christmas punch, and the ginger cookies. Everything turns so honeyed, even his beloved donuts were covered with drawings of reindeer and poorly done snowflakes.
Steve nodded.
After kissing him and wishing him a Merry Christmas, Steve pulled away from him a bit. Tony stared at him, with his heart beating fast. He had survived that little kiss, but he wasn't quite sure if he could still be standing. A little voice in the back of his mind wondered why he was so affected by a man he had barely met. A man he knew nothing about, except his name. A bigger voice told him that Christmas miracles don't exist, and that this one there could be a thief, a kidnapper, or something… less a gift from Santa. But, at the same time, he answered himself that it was impossible that anyone, apart from Santa and his foolish friends, to know his wish.
“And did Santa bring you to my house?”
“It's a joke, right?”
“Ha, ha, very funny”
“Good” Steve sighed with relief, before Tony finished assimilating his boyfriend's profession, he continued “But it's not the only thing I do, I like to draw, and I teach painting at the academy of a friend of mine; not always, only when I'm required. It's fun.”
“What the fuck...?”
The party ended when uncle Paul fell asleep on the couch and started snoring; and the children began to rub their eyes and yawn more frequently. Gregory took his children up to his room, while Maria woke uncle Paul and convinced him to go up to one of the guest rooms, same with aunt Elizabeth.
The Santa Claus incident was forgotten by Tony as a more important matter occupied his mind: the visit to his parents at Christmas.
“Is that why you came? You would have told me from the beginning”
“Change of partners!”
“Yeah, yeah” Pepper interrupted “It’s just a spending festival, cheesy feelings that aren't worth it, blah, blah, blah. Be honest, Tony, that’s not what bothers you”
“ ‘Your cousin's daughter will be married in March. And she’s younger than you... and yours by when?’ ” Bruce concluded the round.
And? And… And… nothing. Nothing occurred to him. The answer provoked him an involuntary smile. Steve was right; it didn’t matter, they were supposed to be dating, dancing with each other was supposed to be normal and no one uttered an exclamation of disapproval. So Tony danced that soft dance with Steve, with his gaze lost in the other's blue wells. I'm Cinderella, he told himself, this is my dance with the prince; but soon the midnight bells will ring, and everything will end.
It gave him a stomach ache to see those stupid and innocent children in their double-lined jackets, singing horrendous songs, or trying to be the good kids that they weren't all year long, just so Santa Claus give them gifts. Damn self-interested brats.
said Steve, holding her hand gently and kissing the back of her hand “My name is Steve and I'm…”
Nat laughed and nodded. Once again, she stood up, exasperating Tony and wandered around, curious.
He checked for the second time that the plane ticket was for the precise day and time, he had bought the return ticket as well, to avoid being forced to stay longer than necessary. Then, he decided to pack his suitcases and pack the gifts (all the same) he was taking with him. It was an atrocious trip, he always ended up tired and fed up. Luckily, on the plane they give courtesy drinks. He needed them urgently.
“Maybe, you don’t want to take anyone because, well, you know…”
“Oh, sure, we make weapons for them” said Howard “Do you work there? Are you an agent?”
“Steve,” she said, “is cute, he's kind, very respectful. And he treats you very lovingly, Tony.”
In the seat next to him, Steve calmly nodded.
First of all, he told himself, magic doesn't exist, much less Christmas magic. That's bullshit, things that are said to get children and naive adults excited. A very well structured marketing strategy. That was Christmas. Santa Claus didn't exist, and the guy on whose legs he sat and made his wish was a random man hired to put on a fake belly, wig and beard, no more and no less. His friends seemed to ignore what was going on, and he hadn't wanted to give too many details about it either; and he couldn't imagine them transporting a Christmas tree to his apartment, much less buying plane tickets… come on, he didn't even believe that any of them would be lucky enough to meet a man like that.
All credits to Aomame_kz
“Ah? Impossible!”
“Come on, Tony, don't be so bitter” Pepper stung his cheek.
“Change of partners!” Howard called Steve with his hand, so that he danced with the girl; and he took the opportunity to get out of the round of dance and join with Gregory and uncle Paul, who, until that moment, had watched everything while smoking his classic cigar.
“Oh, no? So what's it?”
Natasha smiled at him broadly and mysteriously. Then, she approached him and hugged him.
That reason to hate Christmas was in his top reasons to hate Christmas. At the top of the highest.
“You are here," he murmured.
“Not at all.”
“Of course not. Don't you get it yet? I'm your boyfriend and I know you”
“It's okay, Tony, don't worry about it”
“What are you doing?” He asked in a low voice.
“Well, I can only speak for myself” Steve said.
Maria Stark pouted and released Steve to go to her son, squeeze his cheeks lovingly and fill him with kisses. Tony pouted in disgust.
Then, there was that damn snow that covered the city. You couldn’t walk, traffic jams, accidents, deaths of indigents. He used to catch a cold every year. And every year the pipelines freeze and he ran out of water for a couple of days, until he pestered his building’s janitor to do something. There was also the damn shopping that drove everyone crazy; if it was difficult to take a cab in New York, on those dates, to take one, you had to be ready for a pitched battle.
Steve laughed with his lips on the brunette's shoulder and then pulled away to look at him. The movement made Tony open his eyes. Steve noticed the drops of water that had clung to his incredibly long lashes and the redness of his parted lips.  If it had been in his power, he would have stayed in the shower longer.
“Are you, Natasha Romanoff, telling me that? You're betraying me, you used to say the same as me”
“That your parents may ask you questions about me, but you don’t know”
“The mechanisms broke down, but tonight, yes or yes it must be up there” he explained “So, bring the tool”
“Come on, get out of here”
“You will sleep with me,” he first announced to the second, “I mean, in my room.”
“So you have a boyfriend, huh?” his father looked at him sideways while he was tightening some screws.
“Are you an escort or something like that?”
“Who the fuck are you?” Tony snapped, regretting that he had left his Star Wars lightsaber toy in his room “And what is that thing?”
“No need, I know everything about you”
“Uncle Tony, will you have babies?” The girl said innocently.
“Bullshit!” Tony crumpled up the small sheet of paper that some children, wearing matching scarves, had given him to invite him to a little Christmas carol concert, and threw it into the nearest trash can.
“Howard, Maria, is Tony's boyfriend!” she took Steve's hand, once again, and pulled him into the house.
“Oh, come on, it's Christmas. Smoke one with me to celebrate that Tony has a boyfriend, finally.”
Wow, Tony said to himself, that was a very good construction of a personality. A soldier who, however, has artistic sensibility. He found it interesting.
“It can't be true”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don't flatter me, motley costume”
The table was set, a magnificent turkey was the protagonist of all that, it smelled delicious, much better than other years. Maria Stark organized everyone at the table. Howard at the head, with her to his right and Gregory to the left. Tony next to her, and next to him, as it should be, Steve. The children were supposed to sit with their father, but they refused and preferred to sit next to Steve. So aunt Elizabeth and uncle Paul sat on the other side of the table. And for the first time in many years, the dinner went on in peace. Tony didn't fight with Gregory; Gregory didn’t fight with his wife (because she wasn’t there); Howard stopped talking about his company and preferred family anecdotes that the uncle and aunt contributed. The kids didn’t cause trouble and ate everything. And Tony was not bothered because of his singleness. It was almost as if Steve's presence forced them to behave. And as a bonus, the turkey was not dry! On the contrary, it was delicious. At the end of dinner, they cheered and wished each other a Merry Christmas, at least what was left of it. And that made Tony think about what Natasha had told him.
Then her eyes – so dark and so potent they swept it away. Words recalled
“You’re sure?” he asks. “I’m not as experienced.”
Tony pushed forward and brought them together in a kiss that both surprised and satisfied. Steve opened up not only his mouth but his soul’s core to Tony. Tony with his innate skills accepted the offering and their soul threads wove, slowly, intricately together. Each strand merged into a new thread of life linking them together. The kiss deepened and coiled a fire within Steve, but the physicality of it dimmed in comparison to how deftly Tony brought their souls’ energies together. Tony paused, panting for a moment.
He’ll present soon.
It’s bad enough that when Tony woke up from another drug induced nap he panicked from not knowing where the hell he was.  Two things terrify him as a blind man. One was not knowing where the hell he was, the other was the idea of losing his mental capacity and being vulnerable to the outside world. In some ways he feels like the world within his brain is the place he lives while the world he cannot see is beyond him, like a nebula in outer space. Waking up and not knowing where he was and feeling groggy on top of it sent him into a tailspin. Now, as he sits in the clinic – in a damned hospital bed as if he’s infirmed – Strange, Pepper, and Rhodey discuss his case as if he’s not even in the room.
“She’s a godsent I swear,” Tony says and sits up.
Clint takes it as a challenge and over the next hour they trade the bow back and forth, slamming the target in the center repeatedly. It’s almost like watching someone play themselves at chess. Steve drifts away from the contest and toward the house, searching the horizon of corn fields for the next level of the rims. He remembers Tony going over the details of what they were able to glean regarding Ultron’s existence in the internet.
“That’s a yes, I think.” Climbing up on Blu’s back, Tony relaxes as the lion slowly stands. Blu picks up the armor plate again and calmly walks toward their camp. He’s careful and slow, ensuring no bumps along the way. “You’re amazing,” Tony whispers.
Before Tony responds a gust of wind outside fiercely rattles the windows. “Crap. Friday said the gusts could reach up to 80 miles per hour.” Tony heads toward the window to check the progress of the storm. Yesterday the snow was heavy, today it’s epic. Maybe it is the storm of the century. “How many feet do you think we have?”
Tony has drifted away from the Syns and, when he sees Steve free, beckons him to join the group he’s conversing with at one of the high tables. Tony grabs his shoulder and presents an older man with sparse hair and wire framed glasses. “I’m proud to introduce you to Doctor Abraham Erskine. He’s working with the SSR for advancement in the Fleet.”
Steve slings the bag over his shoulder. “Why did I think we were going somewhere tropical?”
“Yes, son, you’re not a spy. Then what exactly did Agent Rumlow find you doing with that bracelet?” Obie crosses his arms.
“Well, that’s how I see it,” Steve replied. “I feel it like a physical manifestation. I want you to know, I’m not going to just walk out. Nothing is going to happen that will lead to that.”
The dark gaze Tony offers him heats Steve’s flesh but he forces himself not to break the moment. He wants to dig into the feel of it, tunnel further and find out exactly what Stark’s game is but more than that, more than that, he wants to touch his mouth against those mocking lips.
Tony turns and looks at the door and then back at Steve. “Natasha the neighbor across the hall?”
When the man smiles and it lights up his eyes, Steve feels the world spin around him. He clears his throat and tries to look away, but not this time – he can’t make himself. He’s captured like one of those entangled particles.
“Are you?” Tony looked up at Steve – even the paleness of his skin looked refined and sculpted in the daylight. The way he asked the question, though, showed Steve the very core of Tony’s self-hatred.
Tony kisses Steve’s finger and then grasps it. “I want to do everything. I want you to fuc-let me rephrase that. Steve, I want you to make love to me.”  Against him the tension drains out of Steve, he curls around Tony even more protectively. Tony reaches up to kiss him and finds streaks of tears on his face. “Hey, hey. No crying. This is good.”
Tony twisted around to meet Steve’s eyes. “No, thank God, no. But it feels – I mean the decorations, the bed, the furniture – it feels like home.”
“Blu! I couldn’t believe they separated us. After all, we haven’t been separated for weeks. Not since we tied the knot.” He hopes that’s enough information for Steve to follow along with him, but in case, he adds, “Do you want to get out of here, Blu?”
“Director Fury assures me that’s not the case. They want me as part of their team they’re putting together. Said I was the first avenger, I should lead it. I’ll have a purpose again. You’ll see.” Steve heaves the bag onto his shoulder. He mutters something under his breath and Tony only makes out ‘you’ll see’.
“A doctor, that’s what you want?”
When they approach the double doors to the prince’s quarters Happy goes through an elaborate display of security measures for entry. When the doors finally release their locks and open, Happy gestures for Steve to go first. “Please.”
“Yeah, I kind of do,” Tony says and guides him over to the cot. He deposits him onto the only true sleeping surface in the cave and then rummages around the bench. Coming back, he has a rag with a pot of water. “Let me clean out your wounds again.”
“I’m not even sure what that means. We need to get the majority of nations to ask for our help. So, we need to start extending our hand. Lay out on the line what we stand for – a list.” Steve’s consumed all the chicken on his plate and starts on the rolls. Previously Tony poured a nice Riesling for their dinner. He downs the glass in between his bites.
Tony squeezes his hand, closes his eyes once, and then opens them. There are tears on his cheeks, a baptismal blessing. Steve traces the lines of tears with his finger and then cups Tony’s cheek, looking to the eyes of his love. Tony always orients himself to Steve’s voice. Always. Steve whispers his name with an awed reverence.
After, he’d spent the next hour in the bathroom puking and crying. Fury had found him. Steve had never been so ashamed. He had been Captain America, fought in World War II, saw the worst that humans could do to one another, but still to wake up in a new century only to see it had turned and decayed into something horrific after all he fought for and hoped for all those years ago. Fury waited for him to clean up and then half sitting on the edge of the sink, told him that things could be different. The V-Corps could be something different; it needed to transform. They needed leadership like Steve, someone with integrity, morals, and the ability to inspire. That was Captain America, Fury insisted. Steve complied, but within a week he lost all hope and ended up giving himself over to a Blood Den, hoping to die. But he didn’t – Tony happened, Tony saved his life.
Steve gets up and deliberately walks away, toward the balustrade to look out on the city. “It’s all changed. From the 40s. And from when the Ornari are here. They wiped it off the face of the map, you know. New York was crushed, because of us. Gone.”
Steve gulped back his words. Did it? Natasha left; he knew she was okay, but the bond that linked them together felt worn, tired, and lost. She’d gone back home to Russia the last Steve heard. What she found there couldn’t have been settling at all, or relaxing. It must have been disturbing, because she was drifting around Russia now with no purpose. Sometimes when he was chanting his Mantra and he reached out - all he felt from her was a low and steady weeping.
"I suppose."
Steve cannot answer, cannot respond as he studies the device which is larger than a silver dollar but smaller than a cup’s saucer. “What is that?”
“I saw – in the contract,” Steve says, and he follows suit to sit on the stool as Jarvis. “There shouldn’t be a problem.”
Steve put his hands on his hips, nodded a few times, and then said, “Fine. Fine. Tell the team, I’m going to bed. We should finish getting our supplies tomorrow. We ship out on Friday.”
Sam tilted his head. “Remember Riley?”
It’s the most gorgeous thing that Steve’s ever seen in his life and he can’t help but mouth a silent ‘wow’. The colors look like someone, some higher being, took a paintbrush dabbed it in cadmium red and orange paint with a splash of cobalt blue and stroked through the heavens. Brilliant white dots speckle the ribbons of color.
“Trouble in paradise. Please don’t say this is a flash in the pan marriage Tony. That won’t be good for you. Steve seems like a nice guy. Is he not nice? Is he a jerk?”
Steve had forced his injured traumatized body out of the bed and tried to reach out to his friend to stop beating Tony, stop ramming his head against the wall, stop trying to kill him.
Tony grins. “Because she’s canoodling with Vision?”
“Why do you sound like my mother when she forced me to go to Disneyland?” Tony stomps behind Steve into the two plus feet of snow. The drifts make it hard to measure.
“Can you do that?”
“This has been wild ride, Steve. Just so wild. I can’t believe it’s almost over,” Tony says and downs the rest of the drink.
He heads into the light and finds out that someone amongst the terrorists has lined the cave with crude electrical wiring that must go to a generator somewhere. He follows the cables to a small den at the back of the caverns. As he approaches the darkened area near the back of the den, he hears the clank of chains and a strange ruffling sound that he cannot place.
Tony wanted to tell it to stop, tell
“Comfortable, sometimes I like to just be you know, a regular guy,” Coulson said and smiled.
“But how could Richards know anything about a medical problem?” Bruce asks. The furrow around his eyes, the concerned worry in his features mirrors the ache in Tony’s chest.
“And you want me to lighten up?”
“Are you coming? I thought you were okay with it?”
“I did talk to text. Verified everything with Friday.” Tony’s nearly jumping out of his skin.
“Language, Sheriff.”
“All sides. The perimeter’s been breached and we are surrounded. I’m trying to get our helicopter to the pad, but I doubt it will get out of the garage without them shooting it down.” Tony shook under Steve’s hands. “It’s dawn, Steve. Dawn.”
“And where do you come from, Omega?”
Tony stalls him. “No, we’re leaving. Where are your keys?”
Steve wraps his arms around Tony and lays his head on his shoulder. “Of course, I did it for you, Tony. Of course.”
Steve accepts the bowl and then eases down on the edge of the bed. Stirring the stew with the course spoon, he keeps his eyes fixed on the stew. “I’m sorry.”
“Get three and come on down here, okay?” Sam says.
“Seeing the country was the right thing to do. So many things have changed, but then not. Do you know a lot of the middle of the country seems like stepping back in time?” Steve says and then he goes into details about some obscure towns in the middle of Kansas.
“Yes,” Steve says and he draws in a hitched breath, knowing he’s trespassing in areas he should avoid completely.
“Not really. It’s fine working with you because it’s a challenge and I get to use problem solving skills on top of creativity. It’s fun. But most technical drawing is for different instructions or technical booklets. There’s not much creativity. Plus, with you I’m learning a lot from robotics to AI to biochemistry. It’s really fascinating.” Steve lifts a branch as they continue through the wooded area. Tony stays quiet and Steve can’t tell if he’s contemplative or just depressed. “So, what made you buy this island?”
Words stuck in Steve’s throat as a sinking feeling consumed him. Steve shook his head, not in denial but in stunned silence. He didn’t have any idea what to say, how to deal with the subject. He never even tried to say anything.
“Who will inherit your wealth? Who am I to protect?” Steven turns to him and waits. It’s a challenge.
Steve followed the instruction. At first it seemed like he was in first grade again, singing out the alphabet. But Wong’s words flowed and he stressed concentrating on the meaning of the words and not just the rote sounds. Falling into the words, their meaning, came hard, but Steve used to pray the Hail Mary. He used to whisper the words late at night and knew how to drift into the meaning of a prayer. As he murmured the mantra, he started to understand it. The core, the soul of who he was became more, deepened with the bonding. If he bonded through a soul pack, he grew to be more than himself. As he came to this tenuous conclusion, the vibrations from Natasha’s astral projection and even Bruce’s, distant but clear, resonated. He followed the waves and curves of the vibration, the rhythm as he spoke the mantra. Naturally, he felt himself stretch further to encompass the lengths of the cords that strung them together. Even so, as he did he recognized something far off – some part of himself loose and shivering. He spoke the mantra clearly now as he searched for the meaning of his shredded part, this broken part. He suspected it had to do with his displacement. Even as he concluded it, he knew it wasn’t that at all. His soul’s waves rang discordant.
“Oof”
“Great idea!” Rhodey said and pulled Tony's sleeve.
Tony shrugged. Since he was a teenager he had made a confession to his family: He liked boys. Although, the girls were not bad and over the years he had talked with several of them, the boys were the ones who drove him crazy. Although that, not much had happened. Anyone would think that they would stop bothering him with nonsense about weddings and family, if he is gay. But no. His family was so
His house, like he imagined, was full of lights, which in the clarity of the day were nothing more than lifeless spotlights; against his prediction, however, Santa's sleigh was not on the roof. Maybe, he told himself, his father had finally given up on that thing. He looked at his home with a sigh, while Steve was finishing getting the suitcases out of the cab and paying for the service. Tony was barely aware of those subtle movements behind him. He was nervous.
“Do you believe it?”
“That was obvious, Maria," said Howard, who was passing by. Maria gave him a brief look of reproach, before returning to her son.
All credits to Aomame_kz
All credits to Aomame_kz
Tony snorted.
“Not really, but can I have a glass of water?”
Tony looked at him with love, for the first time, and ran towards him; he hugged him briefly before holding (by the napkin, because his hands were dirty) the donut and the coffee cup. Steve smiled pleased as he watched him eat.
“Hmm,” he managed as he sat up. He blinked several times as Bruce stumbled backward and sat on the coffee table. Pepper would have his ass – regardless of Hulk.
“Not on magical stuff, and-.” He glanced toward the window of his apartment, hearing the racket below – the streets of a city that was his home and his prison. “The future.”
“That seems universally fucked up,” Tony said. While it still stung that his astral projection or whatever the hell it was didn’t connect up with Rogers’, the idea that the man would have this promised wrist band that came to nothing – well, that had to hurt a lot more than being left out of some stupid pack. “I wonder if Rogers knows this?” That was supposed to be non-verbal, but unfortunately when in the midst of thought Tony had a tendency to babble.
“It’s been years since the crash, hasn’t it?”
He hurries his pace as he pushes backward, and then pulls forward. Hours ago the alpha placed a ring on his cock and then hooked it with a chain to a collar around his neck. Any time he wants he can yank on it, drawing the noose tighter and causing the merest bit of friction to send hot shudders through his cock. He feels the hot semen flood into him and he cannot stop himself. He pulls up, tensing his neck muscles to get the barest jolt to his cock – just as he does, the alpha behind him wraps a hand around his heavy cock, stroking it. Steve works into the hand, and it’s just right, just perfect. He wants so badly to come. It’s been days on the edge. With his heat burning through him, his nerves on fire, he sobs with it. His cries come in small whimpers as he rubs into the clenched fist.  He doesn’t know if he can hold it back, but the ring around him constricts and he mourns and wants only to weep for reprieve.
“I’m not f-.” Steve stopped. “I’m not going to mess with anyone. I’m not doing that at all.”
“Can I just do that now and get it over with?” Steve asked as Bruce started to poke around his wrist. It was more than annoying; it caused a persistent itch-like pain to flare.
Steve tries to stop him a few times, tries to ask, “What do you want me to do, darling?”
He cuts right along the collarbone from the top of his shoulder until he’s at the center of his neck. Blood starts to run down his chest but he ignores it. Going to the top of his shoulder he then slides the blade from the original incision up toward his ear. He nicks something deep and his muscles along his neck and back tense. His hands tremble as sweat gathers along his hair line. Blood runs down his back. It’s sharp and brilliant in the pain but he keeps at it. Next he picks up the mini tac skinner knife and begins to peel back his skin. He has to stop at one point as his eyes tear and he shivers from the pain. He puffs out his breath. He swallows down the fear, the pain, the hollowness. He has to finish this. There’s no turning back.
“Sometimes it’s not about knowing,” Tony whispered and his voice sounded husky, heavy with the strumming of his soul. Steve allowed Tony to pull him over closer to the bed. “What are you afraid of?”
“No. I’m going to do what needs to be done. He needs to know I’m there for him. I can do this-.”
“What?” Tony starts but then he feels a difference in air pressure around him.
“This all sounds a little fishy to me,” Steve says and pushes the blankets down. He’s naked and he flips the blanket back. “Can a man have some privacy?”
“You find out what Rogers knows. We have to play our cards right. He’s the key.”
“No,” Tony says. The man holding his hair slaps Tony across the face. Tears sting his eyes.
Steve jerks his hand away from Tony. “Why is this so important to you? Why do you care?” His voice is loud, threatening to break.
“No,” Steve replies because nothing Tony’s saying makes any sense. He’d had his gland maliciously harvested again and again. He didn’t die then. It makes no sense. “No.” He cannot parse the words to debate and argue the point.
“Five years,” Sam said. He kept his face like stone. “When he got hit and dropped out of the sky, I nearly went with him. I felt everything drain from me.” He shook his head. “He was a good man, a good vampire. It would have continued – the program if not for the current administration.”
As developed countries cry out when their citizens become more medically, technologically, and environmentally aware, the leaders put the burden of saving the world on communities with little to lose by ignoring the advice, the directives, and the treaties. It’s the way it is. The developed nations expect the developing nations to sacrifice to save them and the planet. It feels a little too personal to Tony as he flies over the landscape that waves in beautiful petals of poppy red and orange.
When Fury marched into the laboratory with Natasha on his heels, the scientists cowered but Steve only perked up and smiled. Granted it, he admitted it wasn’t a full smile, maybe just a grin. Or a half a grin.
“What if I don’t believe in either?” Tony said and scratched at his beard. One good thing about being undead, he never had to shave anymore. It’s just a perfect beard – always.
“You have us,” Natasha says.
Bucky lies on the floor, panting and hearing the echo of their conversation in the ear bud as well.  The pain in his shoulder throbs but he ignores it and forces himself to sit up. Sam considers him, his eyes motes of worry.
“You deserve to hear this, Steve. You deserve to know.” Now, Tony crosses the space, he reaches out and touches Steve’s cable knit sweater. It’s soft under his fingers. “Steve, look at me.”
“Oh, you’re wondering how it happened.” Estane kicks him in the gut and Tony fights to breathe. His breath rasps as he hunches over. “Watch the show and maybe later I’ll explain, little boy.”
“Ultron doesn’t know everything. Not everything,” Steve says softly, as if stating it will make it true. He decides the best way forward lies in the next step. Sometimes when faced with a war, planning the next battle is all you can do. “How many more rims?”
“I see you’ve been keeping busy,” Fury said. His arms crossed over his chest. He wore a thick hand knit dark maroon sweater and jeans. Part of Tony rebelled at the sight of seeing Fury in civilian type clothes and not looking like a part of the underworld.
Sam snickers a little and grasps his shoulder. It’s supposed to be friendly, a gesture of familiarity but somehow it feels off. “You just get better, right? Always the same with you. Trying to be the soldier.”
Phillips cocked a brow at him and asked, “And how do you figure?”
Steve nods and bites at his lips. He finally looks up at Tony. He hates to see it, but he recognizes true earnest concern on Tony’s face. “I didn’t consent.”
“Yes, Steve Rogers.”
“You don’t know the place,” Clint said. “I do.”
“JARVIS will you still be able to help me prepare for dinner?” Steve hurries into the main room of the prince’s quarters.
“I will never surrender,” he says. His heart thumps a beat as if he’s still running, still racing away. He pulls off his helmet and throws it aside. “I am ready to fight for my freedom.”
“Peggy?” he asked and then remembered where he’d been – with Bucky during his urgency cycle. He remembered what happened. Bucky needed to knot, begged to knot, but he was physically unable to do it. So he made it happen. He used his hand, his fist, the bottle. Steve let out a sob at the memory. The pain still present throbbed and he gasped. The idea that Peggy stood over him, in a hospital room shamed him. “Peggy.”
The ride down to the ground floor isn’t long and Steve presses his lips tight, he wants to ask Tony what’s next. He stares at the floors clicking off. It doesn’t take long, but it drags out when the doors open, and he has no answers from Tony.
“Force,” Natasha snickered, but no one smiled and Steve didn’t get the joke. Being out of the ice less than a month caught him in a trap of looking naïve or stupid or both most of the time.
“It’s hard not to be when so much weight as been lifted off my shoulders. Gravity can’t keep me down,” Tony replies as they step through the threshold for the small main office. It smells like mildew and old papers. Steve steps up to the desk and rings the little bell.
“No.” Tony slashes his hand in the air. “We are not-.”
Clint screeched as Steve opened his eyes as the threads of his soul wove into the pack and that – thing- that dark presence dissipated into the turbid background of the abyss outside all souls.
Except when he doesn’t.
Over the course of the next few hours, Strange, Wong, and Bruce grilled Tony about the dreamscape and his interactions with Steve in it. Tony left out the more erotic details but explained how the dreamscape had really been their safe zone, their spot to be with one another even before they were bonded.
“No one soul can dismiss my power in the Soul Realm. As the Soul Keeper I set the rules, I decides who moves on and who must stay and pay the dues.” The red of his skull beats a bloody crimson as he screams at Steve. “And you will pay for your sacrilege to the realm. You will pay and suffer until you pledge allegiance once again to me. I will see you as my knight again! I will see you bleed.”
Steven quickly answers, “Yes, my lord.”
“It’s so good that you could come. I apologize for what happened, Steve. It was a misunderstanding. I hope you know that. I hope you will consider coming back and working with Tony again.”
“If you mean nuts, Cap – well, you got that right.” That came from Stark as he waltzed into the room. The rest of the Initiative followed him – Natasha, Clint, and Bruce. Thor was still off world seeking justice against his brother and his deeds. Of course they’d all be summoned if this craziness that Fury spouted rang with any truth at all.
“Thank you, Natasha.” As he stands there, he feels as if he’s saying goodbye. It swells an ache under his breastbone.
“What happened to I can do this all day?” He stands over Steve, staring down at him.
"Now what can I do for you?"
Trying to steer their horses down to the river promises only trouble, but in order to get to the cabin for the night, Steve needs to get them across the water ways. The best place to traverse the river is within the rocky ravine. He stops them before they start the descent. Dropping to the ground, he digs out a scarf from his saddle bag, and tosses it to Tony, who catches it with ease.
“Fuck that shit. You’re our strategist. You can do this. Stop thinking like Ultron. That’s Ultron talking. God’s righteous man. Get dirty, Steve. Get out.”
The man sits with his back to Tony but the words are still clear and feel like ice as he pronounces each one of them. “I did what I had to do. I will accept my punishment-.”
This time it is Tony initiating the kiss. It’s more powerful, forceful. It’s two warring elements tackling one another in a battle for dominance. When he pulls away for air, he glimpses the ragged expression on Steve’s face. He’s thoroughly kiss bruised and hungry for more. He does not hesitate to ravage Tony, shoving him back on the bed.They moan and wrestle on the bed, tousling the bedding and ripping off clothes as they move. It’s not elegant or romantic, but a primal thing of need and want, of desire and hope. Passion drives them, but hope sustains them. Nothing is planned or easy. Everything is messy and bright.
“How do you do that? How do you manage to smile with the sounds of your voice?” Tony beams as Steve joins him on the bed.
“There’s only one way to go then.”
Steve cranks his neck to meet Tony’s gaze. “Why do you say that?” They shift around so that they are facing one another.
“What?” Tony had snapped. “You think I ran because I’m selfish? I ran because of the crap role he gave me in the pack. I’m not there to protect, or to offer guidance. I’m there for a good fuck. And here’s the thing: he’s not gay. Or at least doesn’t confess to being gay.”
“Oh, yeah. The Widow’s Brothel has a stipulation that if at any time he’s pulled away for more than 16 standard hours, then they can recall you to work a shift here.”
“He is a man of science,” Thor says as Clint pours them both coffee.
“Don’t try and compliment me and expect me to forget the rest of the afternoon,” Tony says but the insults already fade away. Logically, Tony knows that Steve had wanted to help, but no one ever taught him how to assist someone blind. It’s a learning process, Tony recognizes that – from experience. Jarvis and Ana had to pick their way through a mind field of his self-pity and denial, his anger and his depression before they all settled into a rhythm.
“That was,” Steve starts but doesn’t finish.
He fucked her and had her leave early. He spent the rest of night hunched over the toilet bowl puking his guts out. With his eyes tearing and his body heaving, he recognized something true and clear. He wanted to have one person and only one person. Steve.
The cabin is eerily silent, except for the howling winds of the storm outside. Tony stands frozen as if the frigid temperatures solidified him. Thoughts barely formulate in his head, the cold creeps and slithers through him. He’d been only inches (centimeters he corrects himself) away from the love affair of his life and he ruined it. He deserves to break apart like ice on the top of a lake, cracking and splitting.
Steve leans back and slides down the wall. The problem with hating Stane is that he’s right. The factions represent a collection of mismatched puzzle pieces forced together. Without a head or a leader to figure out what goes where and how to craft the pieces to the perfect place, the Conclave will fall. Steve hangs his head as he listens to the argument.
“It might be nice, after all of this, if we go back to the island. We haven’t been there for a long time. I’d like to go back. I wonder what Vision and Wanda are up to!” Steve is letting his mind wander, talking about whatever pops into his head. “I’d love to lie in the dewy grass again and listen to the ocean with you, Tony. Maybe that’s where we’ll go.”
“Let me see that,” Tony says and lightly fingers the side of Steve’s cheek. “I have some nanobots I’m going to spray on it. Close your eyes.”
Tony glances over his shoulder at Steven. He’s doing his job, has performed admirably. Though Tony hates the thought of severe punishment he can see that it worked on Steven. “I’d like to agree with you. I really would, but it isn’t that easy.”
“Okay,” Steve says. He knows this is part of the deal; Natasha had informed him of the contract’s stipulations.
Someone else close to the bed, says, “Oh thank God.”
“Not according to our monitors. But he was agitated and awake before the Captain tried. And now,” Cho said as she looked down at Clint’s inert form.
“If you’re ready then please dress. The prince will be waiting for you in his quarters in half an hour.” She hangs the garment bag on the hook in the closet. “If there’s any issue with the fit, call me?” She sets the boots on the floor under the garment bag.
It was good to hear that, to know that they truly had found a safe harbor. Steve stood up from the bed. His legs wobbled, and he held onto the side of the table. Disorientation came over him, he swayed. Tony grasped his arm to help him. He’d been foolish. He thought his strength had returned. Maybe this Divini thing cursed for humans.
Tony sticks out his hand and Steve clasps it. “Then yes, I trust you.” He yanks Tony into a full embrace.
“You okay?”
CHAPTER 9 STING and FINALE
“Gay? Hmm, homosexual marriage? That means it is legal to be homosexual.” Steve states as Tony grasps his hand and slips the ring on his finger without any fanfare. It is a simple platinum band. He cannot help but think when it’s real it will be better. He shuts down those ideas immediately.
He wanted Tony here with him.
“It did, almost. Once.” Tony huffs a little. “Maybe the reason that one reporter is always on my ass about it, still.”
She smiles and shakes her head, her long hoop earrings swaying as she does. “No, that’s not how we do it here. This is a retreat for your needs. This is not an auction and you are not going to a block.”
He only nods and finishes his meal. It tastes like ash.
“No, we’re good,” Steve says, and he can’t keep the disappointed tone out of his voice.
“Shush, we’re going to handle it. Don’t worry, Pep. I’m going to make everything better,” Tony says, though he has no idea where to begin.
He shakes his head. “No, I could forget trying to do this anymore. I could just be blind.”
By the time they head back toward the Avengers ship, Tony’s hand are sticky with some gooey treat he also decided to buy and his popsicle has taken a header off the upper gantry of the Concourse and splattered all over the floor. Thankfully, it missed everyone below – much to Tony’s chagrin.
“Are you okay?”
“Lunch is coming. I ordered soup. I hope that’s okay.”
The blizzard outside choses then to rock the downed Quin Jet. Icy waters seep into the cracks around them. Tony grips the sides of the fuselage while Steve steadies the burner and the soup. The gusts die down and then Tony crumples, sighing.
Steve shoves a handful of popcorn in his mouth and mumbles a ‘yeah, I guess so’.
“Stop reading my thoughts,” Steve said.
Tony studied him for a moment before he said, “This isn’t how this is supposed to go.”
She eyed him, the drink in his hand, the way he tried to lean casually. The profiler was out and was merciless. “Well, SHIELD wasn’t all that thrilled that you didn’t call us in, or at least ask for the Avengers to help,” Natasha said. It irked him that she acted more at ease in his home than he felt.
He checks the rearview mirrors and his side mirrors for any sign of pursuit. He doesn’t see any. After biting away the acidic comments that trip over his tongue, he says, “Should we call the police? Or do you know someone else to help her?” He notices that Steve still has his phone out and is texting again.
“It’s good, you should have some,” Tony says and points to the small loaf. It isn’t any bigger than Steve’s hand.
“He’s not insane,” Steve had said. “You need to let me help him. Zola experimented on him-.”
“Stay. And let’s finish our lunch. I’d like that. Then after you can give me one of those head massages,” Tony says because he knows the glasses aren’t going to last – not today. Not with all the stress. He’s going to breakdown and the headaches lurk in the corners.
“Sorry, yes?” Steve replies. “Ah, do you want the book? It just came in.”
Tony shakes his head. “That was all Howard. And the other – well that was all Hydra. I don’t think you can take responsibility for either of their actions.”
“It’s beautiful here,” Steve says.
“Would you rather I not?” Steve isn’t coy or playing; he honestly wants to know.
“You seem awfully sympathetic,” Tony said. It was true, everything that Bruce stated. No one really gave Steve a hand. According to what Tony heard, Steve had a severe abdominal wound after the Chitauri attack and never sought treatment. It would explain the relative disinterest in the group eat-out they had after the attack.
“You need time for yourself as well. I know, Tony.” Steve approaches him and holds out his hand. “Listen, I don’t condemn you for wanting time for yourself just because you hold a position of power. Everyone needs that. Plus, you are trying to make a difference. God, you’re working to save us from this war.” Steve brushes a hand down Tony’s still bare chest. “If you want, and if you could find a proper place to hide me, I can warm your cock the entire time you meet with Obie.”
He says goodnight to Pepper, seeing her to her car and then leaving to drive home. Even though Happy had wanted to chauffer him, Tony declined. Every once in a while, driving cleared his head. He takes the longer route home, driving along the coast to watch as the night reflects in the pitch black of the waves. He sees the lights glittering along the surface of the ocean. Stopping, he studies the ocean but he glimpses the vastness of the cosmos, the moments of Blu’s death and Steve’s re-emergence. It humbles him, and maybe, just maybe it’s too hard to comprehend. Why would the universe pick Tony to save Steve. Why did the doorway open for him? Why did it link them together? He leaves the ocean behind and drives the rest of the way home. No music accompanies him, only the stray thought and the flickering of the street lights.
The tension running through Steve’s body flexes his hands as Tony grips them. “You know what you need? A good sparring match. How about it? You and I. We could spar a little, you could get used to the body?”
Tony tries not to be devastated. It’s hard to not fall into the pit that has swirled around him, threatening for years. He built walls, fortified them to contain the terror. The walls deny the reality, he knows that – he’s a genius after all. But the truth is that he needed those walls, those bricks to deny the unbelievers. How else could he rally his damaged soul to continue? For Fuck’s sake, he was only 17 at the time. Broken, alone, orphaned. What the hell else could he do. On top of that his father figure, Stane, tried to steal his company out from under him while he suffered from a traumatic brain injury.
He tries to move his head and he cannot. It’s too hard, takes too much energy.
Tony drifted over to the bedside to watch Steve sleep. He looked young, innocent, almost at peace with life. The wounds on his neck puckered and scabbed. Over the next day the serum would work its magic and they would vanish. He reached out and touched the pulse point on Steve’s throat. Life. Something that he left behind. Did he miss it? Was immortality and the vampire curse worth it? Being with Steve made it worth it. Natasha had it right that his undead life centered on Steve – not on the coven, not on the many conclaves all over the world, not on the current political state of affairs. On Steve. Steve saved him from a long, undead life of loss.
“So it’s just feelings?” The intensity of Tony’s gaze nearly took Steve’s breath away.
“You’ll be better off,” Tony mutters to himself as he connects wires, cobbling together different pieces and sections of the armor that don’t belong. “Being around humans has brought you nothing but trouble. When I leave it will be good riddance. Better that way. I’ll be out of your hair. You’ll be out of mine.” He hears a shuffling and discovers Blu watching him with a haunted look in his eyes.  “Really, you’ll be better off here. It’s like paradise here.”
The words Estane espoused even today still echo in Tony’s head. He remembers them from when he was a child, though now they are laced with more malice. Today Estane lectured about how the omega warrior was a thing of the past and that alphas needed to go back to the Medieval practice of Stalls, whole stables of omegas at their bidding. Ready to be fucked or die. Tony had been shaken, the memories of his childhood and teenaged years rattling through him. Estane went on to say that every alpha should have an army of omegas, bonded and fucked into submission. No special class. Just warrior drones as he called them.
“Serious, yes. It does.” Steve considered the possibilities, the potential of the link. “It could do us a lot of good.”
He gestures for Steve to continue. “Go ahead and eat the pound of bacon. I’m really not allowed. Old abused arteries after all.” He claps his chest a little; it’s numb where the arc reactor used to reside so he can’t really feel anything. “I can clean the kitchen when I wake up.”
Almost immediately the phone connected and Tony answered, “Cap?”
“Son, you’re not making any sense,” Clara says. “Now why don’t you get to the part where you’re going to tell me what a dead World War two hero has to do with my dead son?”
He makes love to Steve. He makes love to this mystery, this man who always gives to him. He knows he shouldn’t love a sex worker, a prostitute. Why would he? They don’t know one another – not really.  But he wants to show Steve some kindness, and Tony could never deny his own feelings. Not really.
The fire of automatic weapons stopped Tony from watching as he ducked away next to the gurney. Steve fumbled but Tony pressed a hand to his shoulder from his crouched position. “Stay down.” Steve struggled under his hand, but Tony kept him down as Clint took out two more agents with his bow.
“Hey, hey!” Tony searches his features, landing on his troubled eyes. “Listen. We have our lives to figure it all out. If you’re willing.”
Tony smiles. “Yeah, really. We almost lost you. It was only a matter of minutes before the worm completely consumed Ultron. If we hadn’t been able to separate you-.”
Tony looks up at Steve, holds his gaze. “Is there a difference?”
“I am – well, technically not right now. I sent them away for a few hours. Seriously some of it is wanting face time with the prince.” Tony smiles, but his eyes are tired. “I needed some downtime.”
He throws the hammer against the machine he’s constructed, and scrubs hands through his hair. He’s been down this path before – it’s not a smart path, but he feels particularly self-destructive and a little angry – okay a lot angry. He wants to take the world down with him, but he doesn’t. He’s not a fucking villain, but he is Tony Stark and he is a ship without moorings or port in the storm.
“It never leaked?”
“Not yet, not yet,” Steve said through gritted teeth. He searched the trees surrounding them. He could hear the whirl of gears but he spotted nothing. Stretching out his sixth sense, he interlaced his consciousness with Tony’s – easily. “Where?” he whispered.
Steve brushes Tony’s hair away from his eyes. “What will you do?”
His heart beat a rhythm in his chest, pounding until he thought he might gasp for breath. The idea of losing his identity hit him. How could he?
“No, we weren’t. Bucky saved my life and he fell,” Steve says. “I was sentenced to a frozen purgatory for what I’d done. They only thawed me because of you, because I knew your father, and they figured I would be better suited to save you.”
At that Steve beams even brighter. “Yep!”
Tony must sense the tension and slips his hand away. The rest of the flight back to the Avengers ship is weighed down by silence. When they disembark onto the flight deck of the the Avengers, Steve hurries past the guards and Tony headed in one direction. He has to call Natasha, he needs to cut this off. He’s not going to be able to do this. Natasha’s right. Steve blinks away the tears.
“Nah. I’m good. I want to eat bread and drink wine.”
Steve giggles. “Steve, my name is Steve.”
As if he reads Tony’s mind, Steve pulls away and then gently pushes his legs open. He kneels next to the bed and heaves Tony toward him. Folding Tony’s legs up to his chest but keeping them open, Steve bends down and laps at Tony’s balls and then works further back, licking at his ass and tantalizing his hole. The brush of his tongue and beard leave Tony panting and crying out. He wants more, he needs more. His hole is hungry for Steve, wanting the full girth of Steve in him. Steve slides his tongue inward and then flicks a little so that Tony sees nothing but the stars. He groans out and grapples on the bed for purchase.
Finally I could translate! All credits to Aomame_kz
“Yes, I did. But…”
“I’m sorry, Tony, but this year Natasha is happier”
“Howard, please, if the boy gave up the habit, don't take him to the dark side again”
“Let them burn and you’ll see,” he said and devoured a donut in no time.
“I just…”
“At least I answer you and not one of my companions,” he grumbled and saw, but could not hear about what, that his nephew, niece and Steve were talking animatedly.
“James… blah, blah, blah… why aren’t you with him?”
Tony looked at his friends, who were already taking pictures like crazy behind the fence, with resentment.
“Oh, come on, Rhodey, Tony can get companionship without the necessity of paying” said Natasha.
So Steve danced with Tony's mother, and if aunt Elizabeth had blushed dancing with him, Maria Stark was a tomato. Luckily, Tony told himself, his father hadn't noticed. Soon his niece wanted to dance too and Tony was dragged onto the dance floor. The little girl climbed on top his feet as he moved rhythmically.
“Ahh, you love him” mocked his father, raising his eyebrows; and Tony threw him the 3/8 wrench he had in his hand.
“What…?”
"And when will you do it?"
Tony watched him, he also put on a coat, God knows where he got it from. It was almost a magic thing. When Steve buttoned up his coat, he looked at him with some impatience.
“I just don't understand how not having a boyfriend is the end of the world”
(See the end of the chapter for
Snorting, he buried his cold-red nose into his scarf and shoved his hands into his coat pockets, before continuing on his way. He hated Christmas. But not only that date, he hated the entire marathon from Thanksgiving to New Year. But yes, Christmas is what he hated the most.
“Nah, they’ve assumed it”
“But we see you every year” his father said bluntly “But since you are here, come and help me”
Tony denied.
“Are you my boyfriend?”
“Did you have breakfast?” asked Maria “I can ask them to prepare you something quick, but delicious”
“Ready?” Steve asked him.
“Tony? If we don't leave now, we'll miss the plane” he repeated “Come on, I'll help you with the bags”
Tony was pissed. He was about to tell each of them to go bite a mistletoe and leave him alone when Pepper threw a little yell and pointed to a spot in front of them.
“It’s okay, right?”
“If I could guess, the kids wouldn't write me letters”
“I’m your Christmas present from Santa”
Tony held aunt Lizzie, and while Maria ran for her grandson and danced with him. Steve watched them sitting on the arm of one of the couches. Tony didn’t take his eyes off him, he saw Gregory approach him and they exchanged a few words. He aimed in his mind, ask Steve about what.
The scream was from both of them, and their hurried steps echoed across the floor of the room. Steve smiled diplomatically when his "in-laws" appeared in front of him and looked at him up and down, as if with one glance they could study him perfectly.
“You eat weird; I guess we’re a match made in heaven.” Tony nuzzles a bit at Steve’s neck who melts further into the chair. As Tony starts to kiss a line down his clavicle the timer dings. Steve sits up as if to answer it, but Tony pushes him back down.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Tony said. He took Steven seriously. He knew enough of the omega to listen and to assess what he said as the truth – as the omega saw it.
"No, you're not and you should take running your company that much more seriously."
Logan ambles over to Steve. Finally, Steve lifts his eyes and sees something, someone in the room. “Well, you need to try and bring on the seizure.”
“I’ll do it,” Steve says, maybe a bit too quickly.
Night falls over the town in waves of twilight; it's like that out west, different than the east. In the east, night descends but never takes hold. There are lights everywhere from the congestion of people and building. Cities are a never-ending glut of noise and light and smells and people. He could never find his breath as a youngster, and now as a man it constricts him. The west welcomes with its wide open spaces, its unfettered land, and the stars. The stars are something the east with its coal factories and industries blooming everywhere no longer has.
The faceplate dissolved, and Tony glared at Steve, the anger ebbing off him like the incoming tide. “You left.”
“Couldn’t afford it.” Steve has to accept the fact that while he might want a relationship with Tony, one is not going to happen. Except for the aborted picnic and that night they shared hot chocolate no more hints at anything like a relationship beyond the professional have happened. They’ve worked tirelessly on the new upgrade for the implant while also doing a heck of a lot of research into the experimental virotherapy that Strange suggested. He sags in the chair. “I gotta go. Get ready for work. I should have been back last night.” He’s still in his towel and Thor is still scowling at his empty cupboards.
