Sherlock is angry with himself as he begins to throw the papers off his desk, not bothering to notice where they flutter to the floor. He is angry at himself for being so careless, for being noticed, for that damn picture ending up in the paper. And it isn’t the one in the funny hat, god he wished it was.
“I can’t”
“It’s not okay.” Sherlock muttered as he turned slightly and looked at john, his hands buried into the pockets of his sleep pants, clenched into fists as he tried to control his emotions, but John could tell he was so close to giving in, from the way his voice wavered to the way his eyes were rimmed red from the tears collecting in his eyes. It was hurting the doctor to see the taller man this way, holding back because he thought it wasn’t okay to cry because he had done it so much of it since this had begun.
“Sherlock, things like that are going to happen, you saw someone that reminded you of him, so you are going to react accordingly. There is nothing to be sorry for.”
Greg sat back and closed the file and waited for the next reply.
"I want you to throw your arm around my neck"
Sherlock can’t look at John as he enters the sitting room, instead he diverts his eyes, turns his head because right now it is easier to hide from this than it is to address it. But he know he has to, because nothing in his life is truly personal, not anymore, not really.
I'm sorry it took such a long time to get this chapter to you, I've just had some serious writers block
thanks.
Greg Stared at Sherlock for a long moment, trying to formulate a response, but ultimately decided against it. He was too tired to start an argument or to finish the one that Sherlock was attempting to start. Instead he settled for glaring at the brunet for a moment before shaking his head.
“Sherlock, Sherlock I need you to breathe okay?” John’s voice caught his attention causing him to look up to see worry written across the other man’s features.
Panic began to rise in the pit of his stomach the more John talked and the more he avoided his question about what happened.
The lamp on his nightstand stays on. He has no intentions of turning it off either. Afraid that perhaps the monster who ripped him open is hiding in the shadows.
Greg flipped his phone open and sent the address of the hospital to Sherlock before stuffing it inside of his suit jacket.
The water was more of a gel, most likely mixed with something to thicken it up so he wouldn’t choke on it, it was unpleasant both in taste and texture however at the same time it was welcome to ease the dryness in his mouth and throat.
"I can't do this John." Sherlock announced as he stopped in front of the John to look at him. "Call them, cancel, tell them I have changed my mind. " his voice was raspy and spiked with panic as he spoke. John lowered the paper and folded it as he looked at Sherlock, taking in the panic in his eyes and the way he stood just a bit too straight, the way his chest rose and fell a bit too rapidly for John’s liking. This wasn’t the reaction he had expected, though he should have. This was a stranger coming to ask questions about Sherlock’s life, the last person who had done it had ruined it.
He had tried to look after him as much as his schedule would allow, but like most things, the tables turned and the relationship he had with Sherlock became strained. He had never intentionally meant for the nature of their relationship to change, it just happened, quite literally overnight. Mycroft had just begun his internship and that day he had not heard his mobile go off and it wasn’t until he had gotten home that night that he realized this error. There had been a fight of sorts, more like a gang up with Sherlock at the receiving end of the blows. It was there that everything was left in shambles, a hurt and distraught Sherlock yelling at him through his tears that he didn’t need Mycroft to protect and look after him anymore, not after this let down. But it wasn’t like Mycroft actually listened.
“You tell me.” He said as she leaned forward slightly, her eyes scanning over the words that had not been black out by the marker. A small feeling of satisfaction settling in the older man’s chest as her eyes widened as she began to realize what she was reading.
“I am not going to let some stupid reporters drive me from my home. They’ll get tired and go on to something new, they will move on John.”
“My favorite one, Sebby”
The shop they slip into is quiet and empty and Sherlock sighs with relief at the fact he had yet to be noticed, but that may be in thanks to the fact Mycroft help him hidden behind him for most of the walk.
It worked out fabulously for her for a while, getting caught up in the adrenaline rush and the premises she was doing some good in the world, until she got caught up in the little game James Moriarty decided he was going to play with a detective she had never seen nor heard about before she sat up in the raptors of the pool. It was there she saw the lengths her boss would go to make sure that this game carried on, not that she minded.
At this moment there is no one John would rather have do this as he feels the tugging sensation as his skin is pulled back together. Sherlock’s hands are steady and his movements are precise and the small stitches are less likely to scar.
He was tucked away in the small sofa that lined the wall behind Greg's door, hidden from view of those who passed by the open door. It put Sherlock at ease with this arrangement, but he was still weary of those who ventured farther than the door could hide him. But until then he was perfectly fine looking through the files, making notes on the paper he had been given to slip into each file when he was done. It was calm and quiet within the confines if the DI's office even with the hustle and bustle that was occurring in the squad room just beyond the door, and for the most part, it was nice, a slice of the normal life he had had before, made somewhat better since no one knew he was there to make snide comments about him.
Mycroft takes the opportunity while Sherlock is asleep to help scan surveillance footage. He wants to get through it quickly yet efficiently in order to find out who had done this to his brother and give the man what he deserved.
John paused for a moment as his eyes followed his friend as he sunk down into his chair, his hands coming to steep under his chin as he looked at John.
“It was your fiancée.” Mycroft spoke and Sherlock felt his spine go rigid before deflating slightly. He could always leave most of the confessing to Mycroft, it was what he did when he was younger, it was how his parents knew about his drug habit when he was a University Student.
“I think its around here.” John stated as he pulled a slip of paper from his pocket. “Its where they sent us for that ‘case’”
“No, I just told him to leave instead. It was easier than finding out later on I was just a bother to him.”
Sherlock leaned against the cool glass, looking down at those were passing by his flat, his eyes following every other person for no other reason than for something to focus on, from below a few people looked up to see him there, and there was something written on their faces that he didn’t particularly like, however, he had no idea what would cause them to look rather… joyous was it... to see him.
Gingerly he slid the material  over Sherlock's hips and buttocks, watching it pulling around his knees, John pushed the silk shirt up to Sherlock' mid back, revealing the tight fitting boxers the brunette was wearing.
“Yes Sherlock, This means it is over.” Mycroft assured him, this voice calm and warm. “Moriarty’s web has been completely dismantled. You are safe, at least from him. There are still those who you will aggravate later on who I can’t say the same for.”
"Have they said anything?" Mycroft asks after a few moments of silence.
Pain exploded where the boot came to contact with his cheek and Sherlock was physically tossed to the side by the blow
"What happened?" Mycroft asks and John tenses and the action makes Mycroft uneasy.
“I suppose a stretch of the legs would be a good idea.” He said after a moment, his eyes focused on his brother’s face, noting the slight upturning of Sherlock’s lips at his words. “Not to mention a break from this would do me good as well.” He added as he motioned to the files resting on his lap.
“Probably, love, my leg is beginning to ache a bit.” John replies as he turns his head to place a kiss on Sherlock’s temple. “Thanks for the good game guys, but as you can see, My boyfriend thinks I should probably take a break and I agree.”
“Hmm?”
“Mind if I play?”
Sherlock replied with a nod as he got out of the vehicle to open the street door while Greg got out to help John from the back seat.
Feet away from him, John is running on the hard packed sand by the waters edge, his arms stretched out in front of him as he attempts to catch the rugby ball that has been thrown his way. John was tan, muscular, and rather fit, which drew Sherlock’s attention as well as that of other beach goers. (Specifically those who had invite him to play rugby with them.) And if he were honest, they were giving John a bit more attention than Sherlock liked.
“Who told you that you were a bother to me?” John asked again and Sherlock shook his head before he stood, wiping his sweaty hands on his trousers.
John conceded after a moment, nodding slowly as if he knew he wasn't going to win.
“Yeah, well that isn’t want this headline or the picture say.” John replied as he held the paper out for Sherlock to take. The paper crumpled around his hands as he snatched it from John, his heart pounding as he stared down at the image of him standing by Greg behind the Police tape, most likely taken seconds after Lestrade had gotten off the phone with Mycroft and they were heading towards the curb to wait for the car.
Sherlock nodded.
In any other situation, John would have refused to be carried like a small child, however he didn't have it in him to argue. Not as Greg began to walk back to his car.
"Oh, no, not at all." Moriarty commented. "I am not going to do anything to you, but your pet is."
Mycroft was standing outside of a hospital room, back against the wall, head tilted slightly so the crown of it touched the white wall which he stood in front of. He was missing his suit jacket and his always present  umbrella, but Greg assumed those items where in Sherlock's room.
But until then Mycroft knows its the medication and the anesthesia running their course provides Sherlock with the dreamless sort of sleep he needs to begin healing, and Sherlocks recovery is all that matters to him.Next to catching his abuser.
The blonde man was sitting on the edge of the bed, dressed in the oatmeal colored jumper and jeans Sherlock had brought. John's eyes were focused on the ground, hands clutching the mattress as if he was in pain.
“G-go ahead.” Sherlock breathed, his breath hitching as John sunk in deeper, the pain and discomfort travelling up his spine making him feel as if he was being split in half. He closed his eyes, hands curling into fists as he tried to tell himself this was fine, this was alright. But he was wrong, it wasn’t fine, it wasn’t alright. It was wrong and it was painful.
The media could be hounds, Greg knew that much, but as he pulled up to the front door of baker street, it was just that much more apparent. They all stood so close to the door as if they waiting for a small crack between the door and the jamb so they could rush in. It wasn’t a wonder why John had called. They were all poised with pens and note pads in their hands, the cameras hidden in the bags they carried over their shoulders as they tried to play it off as if they were just avid fans. Regardless if they were or not, it was his job to remove them from the front of the property, to ensure the safety of those inside, and to make sure that Sherlock’s wellbeing was looked after. No one gave him a second glance as he put the car in park and turned it off, stepping out onto to the side walk before pulling out his badge, holding it in his hand as he approached them. But it didn’t take much more than that to get them running. He didn’t doubt it they had orders to obtain information but not to rock the boat, as if it wasn’t rocked enough as it was. Regardless, they would be back, they always where. They wanted the story, to be the first ones to talk to Sherlock Holmes and how he managed to fool the public for as long as he did, but they didn’t necessarily want to end up on the front of the paper for being arrested for loitering.
He eased himself into the hard plastic chair as he clicked on the photograph to bring up the man's information.
“You know what to do.”
“I’m Mary, John’s fiancée.” She beamed at him, and something inside him went cold. John had a fiancée? He was engaged?
John stopped as soon as he was completely buried inside Sherlock’s body, giving him time to grow accustom to John’s size.  This was not how Sherlock had planned his first time being, at least not in his mind. In his mind it was something that followed a romantic evening with someone who loved him for who he was. It would be slow, loving, not this, not something that he had to do to stop his friend from having his brains blown out by some madman’s assistant because this was the only way they had figured would be the easiest way to burn the heart out of him.
He wasn't sure who he expected to call him at this hour, perhaps his boss, or Sally, or maybe even his ex wife. But he certainly wasn't expecting to see John Watson's number flash across the screen.
“I’ll be right back, brother mine.” Mycroft announced to Sherlock, even though the younger man was asleep.
Chapter contains description of rape
Sherlock finds himself before the window he used to compose in front of. His eyes are down cast on the street as he watches John slip into the cab, leaving him alone for another evening.
Mycroft has spent the last few hours by Sherlock's bed, reading over his brother's chart. The file is crinkled around the edges, the marks are left from Mycroft's fingers as he clenched his fists in anger as he read over the notes left by the doctor.
Sherlock  clenches his jaw as he notes another  lingering look one of the fellow players is giving John. He tries to tell himself there is no need for such a reaction. John is a handsome man and a faithful one too, that there is no way he would replace Sherlock with one of the obviously beach goers who are openly flirting and leaving lingering touches. However Sherlock can’t stop his hands from clenching in the sand or the burning sensation that has begun in the pit of his stomach.
“You Alright?”
Sherlock had promised to take care of him after they had apprehended the suspects and John had not argued. he hated hospitals and he dd not want to go to one when he could be cared for at home.
John did as instructed as Greg moved his other arm around John's waist. Gently the silver haired man helped him to stand. There was the shuffling of fabric as Greg pulled his jeans up above his hips.
“Maybe I wanted to do this,” Greg replied as they rolled to a stop at the light, giving the older man a chance to look at his passenger. Sherlock looked like he did when they had first met, so young, trying to hide down in his seat as to go unnoticed and it made Greg’s chest ache.
A low sob escaped John's lips as he grabbed a handful of Greg's shirt.  Tears cascading down his face. Of course Greg would know just by seeing him.
The brunnete scrambles away on his hands and knees into the sitting room. He pauses in between the two chairs and pauses to peer into the kitchen to see if Moran is still there.
Mycroft stood towards the front, looking up and down the aisles for anything that may have appealed to him, though the answer to that was no. He looked up every now and again to look for his little brother before moving farther down. His eyes always finding their way to the door to see if anyone that might set Sherlock off was entering. He was doing well, even with the fact he had spaced a bit, and Mycroft had to admit he was proud at the fact Sherlock had ventured out. Thought there was always time for something to do wrong and he kept that in mind as Sherlock made his way from the back.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You can't always protect him, you couldn't even prevent him from being taken." She spoke as if to get a rise out of Mycroft, however the older man didn't say a word, instead he shifted his weight and squared his shoulders before repeating himself to his agent closest to him.
Mycroft nodded his thanks before he walked past her and into the room. His heart stopped as his eyes landed on Sherlock in the bed.
This didn’t seem to be much easier in Mary’s mind as she reached out for the door knob, her gloved hand grasping the bronze knob her hand slowly turning it. As far as she knew Sherlock Holmes as alone upstairs because John was at work, or he should have been because last time she checked he had not called in for the day off. And for as far as she knew, no one else was there with him, it would be quick, really. He wouldn’t see it coming. There was a smile on her lips as she went to push the door open just to find that an arm had come from behind her to grab the knocker, yanking the door firmly against the door jamb. Mary jumped at the action and cursed herself for not being more vigilant before attempting to enter the building, no matter how suspicious it would have been for her to constantly look over her shoulder before doing so. The scent of John’s cologne filled her nose as she turned to see who was attempting to stop her. Though she knew exactly who it was before she turned to look John in the face, the watch he was wearing, along with the sweater that stuck out of the cuff of his dark jacket.
John stared at the sight of London from where he stood just a few feet from the doorway, his heart pounding in his chest as he began to move slowly at first, one foot in front of the other, before he fell into a steadier stride with his shoulders squared and his head held high as if he was silently daring Moran to close the door in his face.  Instead the sniper just offered him a toothless grin that made him feel uneasy as he stepped over the threshold and into the cool London air.
"Not in your dreams"
“You're so responsive.” The sniper whispered, his hot, humid breathe dancing across Sherlock’s skin, causing it to crawl as humiliation began to set in once more. He refused to look at the man pressed against his body, not wanting to see the look of glee that was most likely plastered on the blonde's face. His attacker rolled his hips once more, causing a groan to escape from his lips, no matter how hard he tried to keep it in his chest. He ignored the movement above him, but soon regretted not being prepared for the rough chapped lips that were pressed against his hard. It was sloppy, possessive, aggressive, and caused him to moan, not in pleasure, but in disgust. The detective's body thrashed around under the weight of the man above him, attempting to break the kiss, but it was useless. Moran was bigger, stronger, and had the upper hand.
John could feel the tension slowly ease from Sherlock’s body as he breathed deep and let John’s words sink in.
"M-myc?" Sherlock said softly, his voice coming out hoarse.
He bypassed the photos of blood and discarded clothing to examine the other photo graphs that had been taken of the apartment, looking for something, anything that would tell him who had been there.
“Will you hurry up, by the time you finish I’ll be done.” John hissed and Sherlock chuckled lowly as he withdrew his fingers and lowered his boxers just enough so his cock could spring free. He squeezed a generous amount of lube into his palm before taking his erection into his hand, giving it a few strokes until it was completely coated.
That explained why he had sent him off and it sent a pang through his chest, that Sherlock would rather sacrifice his emotional wellbeing to make sure John was happy. But John’s concern was Sherlock and making sure he was alright.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a silence that followed, one that was full of questions and a feeling of shame and guilt as Sherlock realized John had seen his scars. Now he wishes he had pulled on a shirt before he had gone to bed, though he had never really thought John would come to find him like this.
Mycroft is nearly at his wits end after he finishes the last of the film he decided to take. He sits back against the chair and runs his hands over his face in frustration before a strike of genius hits him and he sits up quickly and fished his phone from his pocket. He takes no time to quickly type out a text to someone who would know better than he would at this moment.
The air began to reek of sweat and sex and the feeling of John’s sweaty skin slapping his was something he wanted to forget along with the way it began to feel as if he was being shredded.
He retrieves the bottle from the counter and uncaps it, coating his fingers in a liberal amount of lube as John spreads his legs to allow for easier access. John’s breath hitches as Sherlock slips his fingers in between his cheeks. He gently presses a finger against the ring of muscle, working it open slowly as John trembled against the counter. Sherlock moved the first finger in and out of John’s hole until he was opened enough to take a second.
“Just let me see him, please,”
"A tea shop...and a small store I think...I can't really tell..."
“I’ll be fine.”
The eldest holmes took a deep breath as he tossed the last paper onto his desk before leaning back against his chair, running his hands down his face as he exhaled. They had been thorough when it came to getting Sherlock back for Moriarty’s death and despite the fact many did not expect the detective to live through his captivity they had come up with a backup plan that would ruin him if he did.
John laid on his side on the cold cement, his body ached from hitting the hard surface as he was shoved off of Sherlock's body. He could hear the exchange going on above him. He wracked his brain, attempting to find some part of the conversation he had exchanged with Moriarty where it was stated that his right hand man would get a chance to violate the detective. However, there was none, of course he wouldn’t have said anything about it, but they had a deal. That was why John took his friends violation into his own hands, to save his own life and to prevent someone else from hurting him in such a way. Slowly John pushed himself into a sitting position before getting to his feet, pulling his pants and trousers up as he went. His body no longer felt weak from his orgasm, though the sick feeling as still present. His attention was finally drawn to the bed by a muffled whimper, it was then it registered in his mind that the man who had shoved him off to the side like he was nothing at all was straddling the detective’s thighs while looming rather menacingly over him, his hand clamped tightly over Sherlock's mouth. In a heartbeat John rushed forward, his arms wrapping hooking themselves under Moran's, his hands grabbing fist full of his shirt as he proceeded to yank him back in an attempt to free Sherlock. Though his effort seemed to have little effect on the other man as he was still settled on Sherlock's pale thighs.
Out of everything that he had been expecting to cross his desk that morning, the daily paper with Sherlock’s face plastered on the front of it was the last thing he expected to see.
John took his eyes away from her for a moment, sweeping them over the street before glancing at his watch, he could feel Mary scrutinizing him as she came up with a way to defend her actions, thought it wasn’t like he actually wanted to hear about this, now he was just waiting for the familiar sleek black Mercedes to pull up silently besides them. He had contacted Mycroft on his way back to Baker Street, it was quick, formal, though the one thing John just had to say to get the older man’s attention was there was a high possibility his little brother was in danger, though why he had not appeared before John was somewhat a mystery, but then again half of what he did usually was.
Mycroft was going to livid, and Lestrade was going to be fuming, and John… John has a look that could kill on his face, or had the last time he had seen him, which was before he had bolted home. People had been staring and whispering and it made him feel worse than he had when the photo had been taken, he didn’t even remember anyone ever being that close to take it, but he had been in and out of consciousness.
Mycroft cleared his throat as he entered the sitting room and Sherlock looked up at him, his hands stopping where they were as he focused his attention on Mycroft as he took a seat in John’s chair. He waited a moment, taking the time to study Sherlock’s face, Taking in the little lines that had appeared on his skin, the fading circles under his eyes, the face that pulled for most people plastered on his face.
It did not go unnoticed by Mycroft that Sherlock had said two people had violated him, however given Sherlock’s reaction to Moran, he decided to save the subject for another day. Instead he focused on calming Sherlock down as he held him to his chest.
“He is very much dead, he hurt you enough and I would have been damned if he did anything else.” Mycroft stated “In fact I will be damned if anyone else hurts you in the manner he has.”
“Why so long?”
“You have me what would that matter?”
His skin began to crawl as the tips of Moran's fingers grazed his chest as he dragged them over the silk material of Sherlock's shirt. He wiggled his body in an attempt to escape the touch, however his attempt was useless and only caused the rope to dig deeper into his skin. But he didn't want to stop fighting, he couldn't.
The brunette blinked a few times to clear his vision. It took a few moments for him to realize where He was. The hospital. The sound he heard was the heart monitor that was connected to his chest and the hand that was holding his was...Mycroft.
Moran walked up towards the head of the bed, his finger slowly trailing down Sherlock's face as he leaned in, a smile playing out on his lips. “You were brilliant, so responsive, so delicate, we'll have to do this again sometime.” the touch lingered on his cheek for a moment, soft, gentle, deceiving, against his skin before it roughly grasped his face, pulling it away from his arm. Sherlock’s eyes opened in surprise at the rough movement of his head, to find Moran’s face only inches away from his own. Amusement and enjoyment were written on the lines of the blondes face as he offered him a cold smile.
Of course before he could do that, he had to address Mary of course. He still had yet to talk to her, he had spent the last two days avoiding her why he thought of a way to breach the subject. But it didn’t matter how long he thought about it, the end was still going to be messy, more so than the end of his other relationships, but when it came down to it. Sherlock was worth it.
He closed his eyes against the swimming vision above him. He didn't want to see it if it was a dream, he didn't want to be disappointed.
"Doctor Watson." Mycroft greets him as he comes to a stop in front of him, startling the other man and gaining his attention.
There is a squeeze on his arm before Mycroft gently tugged on his arm and they are walking again. They are further than he had gotten with John on the day he saw his name in the papers and it is a relief that they got this far. Mycroft is leading the way, the grip on his arm loosened and slipped down until he has a grasp on Sherlock’s hand and if he notices he certainly doesn’t say anything.
The bank account he had had been closed after his last check from the army had been cashed and the place he was staying had been vacated the same week. There was no forwarding address.
“Look just think about it okay?” Greg asked as he looked from Sherlock to John. “Think about it, please, I just want you to be safe, I don’t want those media hounds to have at you again.”
“Who in London hasn’t?”
“Well I am not going to let you hurt him.” John replied, his voice a near sneer, his hand gripping the knocker even harder, his knuckles turning white and the metal and his nails were digging into his skin. He wasn’t going to budge, not until she let go of the door first. He wasn’t going to give her the chance to hurt Sherlock, in fact if he had his way, no one was ever going to have the chance to hurt the brunette again. While he may have not have been there to protect the detective from Moran, he was going to protect him from everyone else.
“Did you talk to John about this?” It was Mycroft. John stopped and waited for the reply, wanting to hear this before making himself known.
“Why do they keep taking things from me John?” Sherlock whispered, his warm breath ghosting across John’s neck as Sherlock tilted his head up slightly, eyes rimmed red, voice low and crackling. “Why do they keep taking things from me?”
"I guess I'll see you around if you are alive in the morning." Moran chuckled as he tossed Sherlock's keys on the coffee table.
John turned and looked at Sherlock, nodding slightly, surprised at the fact Sherlock had reached out to the press. Perhaps this was something that Sherlock wanted to do sooner rather than later, or perhaps Mycroft had something to do with it. Whichever it was, John didn’t know and didn’t want to get into.
He had no idea how long he had been standing in the darkened living room when he heard the sound of someone coming down the stairs. By the sound of the stairs and the gait of the person he assumed it was John. John who had been staying with him instead of going back to his own place at night because he wanted to make sure Sherlock was alright.
When the blows stopped, Sherlock unfurled himself and looked at Moran and his heaving chest. It wad against better judgment that Sherlock moved to crawl away, placing one hand on the carpet and began to pull himself away.
“You are the last person I expected to see Dr. Watson, especially after our last encounter...when you blamed my brother for his current state,” Mycroft’s voice was cold as he spoke, and it took John a moment to find his voice to reply. “I have half a mind to have you thrown out.”
"C-Can you come get me? Please?" John asked, avoiding Greg's question on purpose. He couldn't tell him, he bring himself to say it.
John makes that decision for him as he gently pulls him until Sherlock is laying on his lap, his head resting against John’s shoulder.
Sherlock’s heart was beating so hard he was certain that the other two could hear it and if Moran as looking hard enough he could see the faint movement of his clothes as his heart pounded against his ribs. His eyes shifted quickly from Moran and where he held the door open and the hustle and bustle just outside of the door.
This was his chance to own Sherlock. This was his chance to tear him apart completely and own every fiber of his being, his body and mind.
The government official stared at the smug look on the man's face, memorizing it, burning the image into his brain with the knowledge that the vile creature leaving his brother's flat had assaulted Sherlock just moments before.
The silver haired man knew it wasn’t a great idea, it wasn’t even a good idea to have Sherlock out there in the field with him, but he couldn’t leave him there to his own devices with the risk of one of his officers finding out. At least with Sherlock with him, he could look after him, to an extent.
John gets to go home, Sherlock has some questions for Greg
The detective placed the slide on to the table, slowly standing, making a face at the pulling he felt on his joints and muscles, concluding that he must have thrashed around in his sleep before waking up. He padded over to the laptop, lifting the lid, going to open the playlist he had when there was a knock on the door.
There's a match.
“There is an entire cushion down there that is empty John.” Sherlock’s voice came out muffled and lacked the usual bite he would have expected.
Mycroft is surprised at Sherlock's answer and sudden breach of the subject
Greg had been sitting at the table he and John had been sharing a fee drinks at, finishing the Coke he had ordered when his phone rang.
“You don’t understand John.” Mary’s voice was pleading, her free hand snaking around her torso, just to hang over her bag and whatever she had in there, it may have been nothing or it may have been something, either way. He wasn’t going to take that chance, his hand slowly going around his back, to the weight settling against his lower back as his belt held his browning.
Sherlock’s good hand clutches at the blanket and Mycroft slowly pushes himself to stand as he notices the action.
"Yeah, I'll come get you mate. " Greg answered and John could hear the faint sound if a chair scrapping against the floor. "Stay on the line with me Alright?"
John took a step, whimpering as pain shot up his spine.
It was Lestrade. Perhaps it was a case or something at least interesting.
”You’re not going to find him.” Mycroft is startles as Sherlock’s voice breaks the silence. He looks toward the bed to find his brother staring at him and it makes him wonder how long Sherlock has been awake or if he was actually asleep at all.
He had questions that needed to be answered.
Less than a minute ticked by before the music gave way to the sound of ringing before someone picked up.
"Hello Doctor Watson." Mycroft greeted " To what do I owe this pleasure?"
“Sherlock why on earth would you think that you are standing in the way of anyone’s life?” Mycroft asked
Mycroft sighed as he stepped out of the black car that had been sitting in front of his brother’s flat for the better part of ten minutes. He had been sending messages to the handful of men that had made sure everything regarding Moriarty and Mary had been dealt with.
The ceiling above him creeks with every step and he could track John's movements as walks around, undoubtedly gathering his clothes to get dressed.
Sherlock presses a few kisses to the space between John’s shoulder blades as his fingers hook under the waistband of his pajama bottoms and pants, pulling them over the swell of his arse before letting them fall into a pool of fabric around his ankles.
“No, I am not going anywhere.”
Sherlock shifted his focus once more, shoving down the panic as he gathered his words and found his voice to speak.
The cab was hot and stuffy as Sherlock sat as closed to the door as he possibly could, placing as much distance between himself and John. The walk to the curb seemed to be the longest in his life as pain shot up his spine with each step he could. He could feel the pain now, as the adrenaline faded from his body, making him more aware of how sore he actually was. But that was to be expected. Moran had been less than gentle with him and it was apparent he would be feeling it for days.
“It’s alright.” He reassured as Sherlock took a deep breath and nodded but Mycroft could see the panic begin to set in. He looked over his shoulder, they were so close to 221, and it was a clear shot, no one was coming. “Let’s get you home huh?” He asked before turning, gently pulling on Sherlock’s arm, digging the key out of his pocket as he went.
“Make them go away.” Sherlock finally said as he shifted so he could look at John better. “Make them leave me alone, I don’t want them here, I don’t want them around.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary didn’t quiet remember when she stopped being who she was and she began to woman who stole a name off of a tombstone to hide in plain sight as she tried to hide from her old life. She had worked for the secret service before, occasionally going out on undercover missions, obtaining critical information, taking out those who posed threats to the safety of others. And that worked for a while before her cover was blown and her superiors discovered that she wasn’t just working for them. She had fled in the middle of the night before they could take her in and charge her for treason and for a handful of months she moved around, always looking over her shoulder making sure she wasn’t being followed, changing her name every so often and never staying anywhere long enough for them to catch up to her, until she came across Jim Moriarty.
The blonde man frowned, had he? He didn’t remember leaving anything that said where he could have been found, not to mention it didn’t sound like something he would do, not with everything that as going on at the moment with the media frenzy and the idea was to keep Sherlock as safe as possible. Something wasn’t right there, but he just nodded and finished putting things were they belonged in silence.
“Moran…raping me…” Sherlock answered, his throat closing slightly as he moved slightly. It was the first time he had said the words and it didn’t sit well in his chest.
The doctor entered the flat, walking past his fiancée and into the kitchen to put down the bags in his hands.
“I’ll be down there in a second.” The Inspector replied and watched the door until she left.
He looked up as someone shifted closer to find Greg standing near him.
Sherlock shifts his body slightly so he can see John a bit easier, but he still says nothing. Instead He sips at the tea in his hands while John plants himself in the chair across from him and gets settled.
Morans chest his heaving, he can feel it pressed against his back as he pins him to the wall.
"I'll show you what happens to people who run from me. I'll make sure you won't ever run from anything again."
He slid the answer icon across the screen to answer it.
“Has he been staying over frequently?” The answer to that question was yes of course, but had Sherlock known he would have sent John home, regardless if it made him feel vulnerable, He didn’t want to come between anyone, especially not with someone like Mary, who had obviously won the heart of John while he was away.
His heart begins to pound painfully as he pushes himself up into a sitting position just in time to see Moran ascending the stairs.
“I am not going anywhere.” Sherlock stated as he looked at Greg then to John.
As the water began to go cold, he threw the flannel at the shower wall as a low sob escaped his throat. He had hoped the shower would make him feel clean, but it did nothing to get rid of the fact he felt dirty and tainted.
Sorry it's taken such a long time to update, but I've been stuck on how to get this going and how to incorporate the idea that I have with out ruining the plot, but I think I have already done that
Jim seemed to appear in her life at the right time, she was getting tired of running and always looking over her shoulder and he had just what she needed: something a bit more permanent. The name she had chosen for herself came off of a tombstone as she roamed a cemetery for a new identity, the one that she used as she slowly became part of the Criminals ranks. What he had offered her to join him was too good to pass up: a new and secure life, one that was no longer defined by looking over her shoulder for those who wanted to arrest her, and all she had to do for it? Everything she had done before, just in a more sinister way.
“You’ll need to stay in my room tonight.” Sherlock voiced as he finished stitching up John. “I want to look after you, make sure nothing goes wrong or your condition changes.”
The roads were nearly empty at this hour, the streets of London silent, his hands grasping on the steering wheel as he drove, his mind focusing on Sherlock and why he had called and more or less why John wasn’t there with him. The doctor had told him he would be more than happy to watch over Sherlock as he had Greg transitioned back to working their full schedules, but the older man should have known sooner or later something would have come up and the doctor would have done, but he could have at least called.
"The two of you can go back in now."
"I'm going to prepare you." John's voice slices through the silence and Sherlock can do nothing more than nod because he fears if he opens his lips that he'll be sick. "I'll be careful... I don't want to hurt you."
Mycroft Just nodded in response. He wouldn't make Sherlock talk about it now, but they would have to talk about it soon. He wanted to know who hurt his brother and he was going to find them.
Also, there are some interesting points coming Up!
God what was he supposed to tell him? How was he supposed to tell Greg that he had just been raped?
"As long as you want me to"
He jumps slightly as John clears his throat and he turns his head to find the doctor standing besides him, a hand extended offering him a cup of steaming tea. It takes him by surprise. After the last few weeks of near silence this is thr last things he expects.
"Your Johnny won't be able to help you now." The man replied as he grabbed Sherlock's arms and pinned them above his head as he threw a leg over Sherlock's waist, moving to straddle the other man, leering down at him as he spoke. "And to think I was going to go easy with you."
"Sherlock, I read your medical file" Mycroft stated, his voice had taken on a soft edge as he spoke the next part. "It says there are previous signs of assault. Why didn't you call me if someone was hurting you?"
The detective threw his legs over the side of his bed and stood on shaking legs, his room was too small and too dark and he needed air. The door to his bedroom opened with a creak and the floor under his feet creaked slightly as he walked. The street lights filtered in through the sheer curtains he had on the windows in the sitting room casting an eerie glow across the room. Sherlock padded it way over to the window he usually stood, closing his eyes as he leaned against the cool glass, normally he would have stayed in his room, lay awake and stare at the ceiling before getting up and taking a quick shower, but this time was different, his nightmare was different and he didn’t like that.
“I’m looking for Sherlock Holmes.”
"The nurse said a few hours, when the doctor signs off on his paper work."
Greg appeared tired, his suit wrinkled most likely because it was now two days old and at some point he had slept in it. He hadn't gone home then. Instead he had stayed with John. Meaning he had an idea what happened and whatever that was, Greg thought it was important that he stayed.
However, in the back of his mind, there was a voice, muttering this was Sherlock's doing. That what had happened was far from John"s doing
(See the end of the chapter for
John watched as Greg descended the stairs before closing the door and turning to look at his friend. It seemed to be a good suggestion really, leaving London for awhile, getting some space between Sherlock and this city and the media until Sherlock felt comfortable enough to be around so many people. But the problem was getting Sherlock to see that he needed to get away.
“Stop it”
He sinks down into the chair near his brothers bed carefully. He can't wrap his mind around the fact that the man that is lying before him is his brother and if it wasn't for the nameplate on the door and the distinct yet currently messy black curls he would think this was some sort of sick joke.
The plane has barely had a chance to come to a stop when Mycroft is already standing with his luggage and when the door opened he was down the stairs and into the car in record time.
"The sooner you get started John, the sooner I'll let the two of you leave." John stared at Sherlock's back, cursing to himself. In hindsight, it was best if they had just stayed home.
“I only went out to see if I could do it.” Sherlock mumbled and John stepped closer pausing to see if the dark haired man would stop him before he continued into his space. Sherlock was focusing on John’s face as he came closer, trying to read the expressions on his friends face.
“How did you get those scars on your back Sherlock?”
“You’re a big boy, Seb. Don’t be so rough, I don’t want you breaking my toy”
Their breath came out in white puffs as their chests heaved. Their bodies were in such close proximity to one another John could feel the heat radiating off of Sherlock’s body, and the fact Sherlock’s gloved hand was gently grasping his arm made it that much harder to focused
“Just because it is going to take time, Sherlock, doesn’t mean that you have to go through it alone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John dropped his arm and slowly backed up, giving Sherlock his space, he knew Sherlock had figured out he had been woken with the sound of him screaming, but that didn’t matter to John, all that mattered to John was his friend’s well-being.
There was a pause as Mycroft dug out some of the better looking mugs he had as Sherlock thought of a way to word his question.
"Stop--" his eyes were clenched tightly. Holding back tears save for one that rolled down his blushing cheeks.
There was a pause on the other end before John spoke.
“You knew what his death did to me and you were willing to put me through that again?”
"Your sadistic tendencies is your coping mechanism from childhood trauma when you witnessed your mother's assault by your own father-" Sherlock's words were cut short a large hand clammed itself over his mouth. The sniper leaned forward, his knees once again digging into Sherlock's body.
He was trying, god he was trying but he couldn’t.
He had left Sherlock with Moran, he himself had taken Sherlock and he didn't stop even when Sherlock begged him too. There was nothing he could do or say that would take away what had happened to Sherlock or his hand in it.
"The last time I saw Sherlock was at a crime scene.... I had called him to come to look at a body in the alley and he took one look at it before he bolted." there was a dawning realization that came across Greg's face as his stomach turned. "I- Oh God...he must have been....something about the body must have reminded him..."
He wanted Sherlock quiet, no matter if it ended up killing him.
John nods solemnly as Mycroft takes a seat next to him. His umbrella is clutched between his hands as per usual, but his suit is far from meticulous. It is wrinkled from his day of work and the plane ride and he didn't even bother putting his tie back on after he took it off in the hotel room. But none of that matters now. What matters is Sherlock and why he is in the hospital.
Sherlock was weary of letting her in, but she knew John so she was somewhat safe. “Give me a moment.” He stated as he closed the door to remove the chain and opened it for the woman John had promised to marry.
His heart pounded against his ribs as he pressed the answer icon on the screen, trying to remember the last time Sherlock had called him.
"Stay on the line with me alright?"
"No...it's not alright...I..I....was."
John didn't move, instead he squared his shoulders. “I'm not leaving this room without him.” he nodded his head in the direction of Sherlock, whose eyes were focused more on Moran's finger in the trigger than John.
His office had been just as he had left it when John had contacted him, though there were a few boxes sitting by the right side of the desk on the floor. Which, upon closer inspection, contained the files and papers that had been confiscated from Mary’s apartment. There was nothing of sentimental value in the containers, only stacks of papers and folders. Most of which were assignment plans that were given to her by Moriarty, others were assignments given by freelancers who wanted something done but not by their own hand.
John finds himself perched on Sherlock’s stool. His head is throbbing with each beat of his heart and he can feel the blood still trickle down he side of his face no matter how hard he pressed the gauze to the wound just beloe his hairline.
“I apologize that I did not come by sooner to see you, but as you can imagine there where some things that needed to be dealt with.”
The silence of 221 as of late was always unsettling to John, it reminded him of just how alone Sherlock really was with no one there with him, though he didn’t actually think Mycroft would leave the detective to his own devices, not now at least. He knew he wasn’t supposed to be there, Mycroft had told him to go and sort out his relationship, figure out why Mary had said that, but in all honestly he didn’t want to have that conversation unless he had a backup plan. And that is why he was there, slowly taking the familiar stairs to Sherlock’s flat.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked as he closed the door behind him, slowly peeling his coat off his body to hang it up before unwinding his scarf. He had not expected any one to be there, let alone John. He wouldn’t have talked to her yet, at least Sherlock didn’t think so, he was standing there empty handed, no boxes or laptop, but he was foolish to think that John would come and move back in with him full time. “I thought you were going to stay away as per my brother’s instructions.”
The marks on Sherlocks face had darkened further since the government official had first seen them. Sherlock didn't move as much as he usually would and Mycroft contributed it to the internal stitches.
"Will you stay?"
John shifted his weight as he looked from Sherlock’s back to Mycroft, the anger had subsided to confusion, why had Mary said such a thing? She didn’t know Sherlock, nor their dynamic. She didn’t know what he had been through or the fact he needed someone to be with him to remind him that the demons that haunted his dreams were gone. Dead.
“O-one of us is going to have to clean this up and it’s not going to be me and you can’t leave it for hudders to clean up either.”
John took a deep breath before nodding, his hand digging into his pocket pulling out his mobile, pressing a few numbers before holding his cell to his ear.
“I will tell you who I am, I am Mycroft Holmes, a Member of this country’s government and I need to speak to your director and if you can’t transfer my call I will be more than happy to go down there and request to talk to them in person,  but that is the last thing you would want, do I make myself clear?”
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock had no idea what was coming next, he had learned better than to expect anything good from the door opening, especially freedom after his last encounter, so he waited for whatever ill destined fate that was coming from the open door.
“Just really think about it, though, John. It may do him some good.”
Sherlock felt as if his body was being torn to shreds with each brutal thrust. Pain searing up his spine and down his legs while a body betraying moan escaped his lips as the hits to his prostate caused unwanted pleasure to course through his system. He wanted to ignore the warmth pooling in his lower stomach as he clenched his eyes shut even tighter. Tears were leaking down the sides of his face almost freely now and the humiliation that had been growing was now close to consuming him as he realized the stimulation had caused himself to grow hard. Sherlock cried out in pain and humiliation at a particularly brutal thrust.
Sherlock and Greg stood outside of John's hospital room as he dressed himself with the help of one of the nurses. Sherlock found it strange that John didn't didn't just pull the curtain around his bed closed, but asked them to leave. Regardless, he found it a good moment to question the officer.
"Why would I do that?" He wanted to play this off as some sort of accident, but he knew better. He knew by the way Mycroft was looking at him, he knew.
Mycroft stood there for a moment as he watched the detective inspector walk towards the elevator. The government official stared down at the file in his hands before giving a final glance to the elevator before turning to enter his brother's room.
Mycroft took the offered piece of paper before turning to head back to Sherlock’s room.
Sherlock looks down at his hand as he picks at a thread on the blanket. There is a look on his face that tells Mycroft this is something he has been thinking about, most likely why he's been quiet.
The man on the bed  turned his head slightly, enough to see them, and Sherlock began to struggle once more trying to escape, causing Moriarty to laugh.
“The nightmares were getting worse.”
The door closed with a snap, leaving Sherlock and Moran alone. The sniper chuckled lowly to himself as he turned his attention to the younger man under him. The expression on his face changed as he moved back into his original position, leaning over Sherlock. This time, instead of clamping his hand over the detective's mouth, he caressed his face. The back of his fingers passing gently over the soft, smooth, pale skin, which contrasted greatly with his darker and rougher skin on his hands.
"What did I tell you?" Moran hissed as he lifted his foot before it connected to Sherlocks face.
Greg went quiet for a moment.
“This is big news to them, they will want to know and they will go through any means to get the story, Just like Kitty Riley.”
"Why didn't you call me last night when he was brought in?" Sherlock asked, his gazed focused on the wall ahead of him.
Its obvious by his body language John wants to say something and Sherlock waits.
"M-my hands are tied." John mumbled and Greg moved slightly to dig the pen knife he had in his pocket to cut off the rope binding him.
John stood in the doorway of the bathroom, his eyes fixed on Sherlock as he stood in front of the sink, his hands clutching the edges as if the porcelain was some sort of Life support.
Sherlock shifts in his seat, getting himself more comfortable as he hears John beginning to move upstairs, getting ready for the day.
“Cold cases are good.” Sherlock supplied and they were, it kept him out of public view and of people wanting to interview him, though he knew he would have to face that soon, sadly he couldn’t keep hiding forever.
“When was the last time you slept?” Mycroft asked as he slipped off his shoes near the chair John usually sat.
"Yeah I'll come and Get you mate." Greg had answers after sitting in silence for a moment. He had taken no time to stand from the table, throwing a few bills on its surface to cover the tab before heading out into the cool London air.
“I-It was different.” Sherlock breathed as rested his head against John’s shoulder. “It was different and it was horrible, I want it to stop, I want him to stop haunting my dreams and leave me alone... why can’t he just leave me alone John?”
Sherlock knew he was being impatient as he wondered what was taking Mycroft so long to appear at his door. There would be plenty of things to go over, plenty of things to tidy up before he could come and talk to Sherlock, debrief him in a way that meant this entire ordeal was over. Well as over as much as it could be.
Sherlock felt like he was dreaming as he heard voices and He was gently turned over. He could make out faces but there was no way anyone could be there. He had been left alone and he didn't think John would have been back already.
The younger man sighed and shifted in his seat, a few of his joints popping as he did so, earning him a glance from the detective, under any other circumstance he would have expected an amused look and maybe a mumbling of 'old man' thrown his way. However he assumed this was the result of being held captive had on his joints. He wasn’t that old, not really, he was only thirty seven and there was no history of arthritis in his family. Sherlock didn’t say anything as he looked back down at his stack of work. Greg had stopped writing and his posture had change and he had cleared his throat as if he was going to speak, but what he was going to say ever crossed his lips as someone knocked on his door.
Tears slid down Sherlocks face and dampened the fibers under his head.
“Sherlock?” The detective’s head snapped up looking from Mycroft to where John had stepped closer while he had retreated inside his own head. They were both looking at him, different looks on their faces for different reasons. Mycroft’s was one of concern, it wasn’t really like him to vanish inside his head like this, and John looked livid and conflicted. More likely at the person who had told him he as a bother than the fact he had said anything.
“Because.”
“I’m Sorry.” He whispered from behind his palms
“Call just came in, body found in an alley, same as the last two.” Sally stated, “They are waiting for us.”
“Let go John.” She repeated as she moved to push the door open, finding it didn’t particularly budge. “I don’t want to have to hurt you.”
The government official looked up as he heard the mattress springs squeaking, signaling that Sherlock was awake. With a flick of his hand, the file was closed and he deposited it back on the table as he rose to his feet before making his way to the kitchen.
Everything was planned out, she had been informed when they had raided the compound, most likely from someone who managed to sneak out the back as they went through the front. But that didn’t matter now. It was over and she was gone with, and that was certain, though he would make sure of it before he paid his little brother a visit, the last thing he wanted to do was present the detective with false information. Until then, he would allow the fact that this was nearly over to sink in. All there was to do now was clean up the mess that had been left, though that was something Sherlock was going to have to handle mostly on his own. The media wanted to hear nothing more about Sherlock other than if it came from the man himself.
"I'll be there in a few hours" he tells John and hangs up.
Mycroft zoomed in the footage as much as he could in order to get a close up of the man's face and it took some time before he got a decent shot of the man's face.
Mycroft groaned in frustrstion as he picked up his mobile. He should have known it wouldn't have been this easy. It never was.
John takes his time as he takes a sip from his mug before placing it on an empty space on the end table located next to his chair. The doctor clasps his hands together as he clears his throat and leans forward. Its no an open posture but it grabs Sherlock's attention as he takes another drink.
Mycroft’s eyes followed Mary as she slowly slipped into the car, watching until she vanished into the interior before turning his attention back to the building, his eyes flicking up towards the window, to find the space now occupied. Sherlock stared down at the scene from behind the sheer curtains, the fabric skewing his face, making it difficult for Mycroft to deduce anything about his current state. It seemed as if he and his little brother stood there for hours having this sort of staring contest, but it was no more than a few seconds before Sherlock backed away from the glass, leaving the space empty once more.
“Thanks, Greg.” John supplied after a few moments and he nodded slowly as he made his way to the door.
“Thinking”
Mycroft sighed as he ran his hands over his face. “Did you talk to John about this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then there was the matter of the note he had never left for her, he had left nothing stating here he had been staying, he didn’t even mention that he wasn’t going to be home, there really wasn’t a need to in his mind, they didn’t live together, not yet at least. And once they had their little discussion, he doubted if she ever would be for that matter, and that was something he would be pleased with if he was honest.
“Let me explain, please.” He begged as the taller man continued to come closer until he was backed against the wall. “Please it’s not what you think.”
“Come on, let’s get you to bed before you fall hmm? That is the last thing you need today.”
“Don’t ask me that...”Sherlock’s voice came out shaky. “Please.” He wanted to tell him just to go back home, to Mary. But he couldn’t. He wanted him there, needed him there actually.
Sherlock attempted to curl in on himself to lessen the damage done by the blows, but he found it difficult. His body ached and he was certain that Moran was going to kick something in.
A sense of safety washed over John as he stepped inside the building, but he didn't let go of Greg's arm until he was able to grab the railing of the stairs.
The doctor pulled the second packet of lube he had been given and tore it open, squeezing it’s contents into his palm before placing the trash into his pocket. He closed his eyes as his hand closed around his partially limp cock, the cool lube making him shiver as he tugged at his flesh, coating himself well enough while making himself hard. His heart stopped and he felt sick as he realized there was nothing more that he could do to postpone this so he shuffled forward.
"I should be going, I have paperwork to finish." Greg said sheepishly as he dug into his jacket. "I shouldn't have this, let alone give this to you, but I think you'll do a better job at finding the bastard who did this."
It was the first time in a while that he was alone, the flat was silent, deafening so and it just reminded him how alone he was when John wasn’t around, or anyone around for that fact. And he didn’t like it, it remind him of the silence that surrounded him in the cell that Moran held him in, it remind him of the cell that the Serbian’s kept him in while they had him. Sherlock turned and looked around, maybe he would play some classical music on his laptop, or maybe there was something on the telly he could listen to until John got back just to kill the silence.
“Maybe I miss you, you know.” He added quietly as he looked back towards the road and began to move.
John still refused to look at Sherlock for several moments. Instead he focused on the blanket over his legs, the feeling of Greg's shirt still in his now cramped hand. He waited for the shock or disgusted gasp from Sherlock when he finally pieced it together, but it never came.
Hands are roughly tugging down the his underwear and pajama pants, throwing them aside once they are off.
The officer had followed the instructions Mycroft had send him on his way over and took the lift to the third floor. He spotted the other man almost immediately.
"I know it will." He voices, his body is steady as it can be as John's fingers hook the waistband of his boxers, pulling the material down until it slides down his legs to rest with his trousers, leaving his pale flesh exposed to John and the camera's that Moriarty is watching them from. He can feel his face heating up at being this exposed, his heart is racing and the blood is rushing in his ears as he hears john fumbling in his pockets, the sound of something metallic being pulled out and torn away from something else.
It should have been rather obvious that things were not going to be as easy as it seemed, but Mycroft had been hopeful that his brother would have been left in peace. However that idea was short lived as Anthea came into his office a few weeks after Sherlock had been released from the hospital an unreadable look on her face.
Sherlock shifted in his Chair, bringing his knees to his chest so he could rest his head upon them as he stared at the fridge. The sinking feeling in his chest returning as he tightened his grip around his legs as he wished things were different, he wished John was there was there even though he had sent him away, he wished he had never jumped off the top of Bart’s to fake his death, he honestly wished he had been more careful when he had returned, because if he had been then maybe Moran wouldn’t have been able to take him. Maybe if none of that had happened things would be normal, John would be there, he would still have to deal with Moriarty but at least then he would feel like himself and he wouldn’t be afraid of sleeping or what was hiding in his dreams.
Greg was an officer, he had seen people like him before.
Mycroft settled himself to get a bit more comfortable as he opened another program and searched for Moran. He hoped, prayed even, that he could find the man this way, through the usual searching, so he could send a car to 'pick him up'.
“I don’t know.” Mary said a few minutes later, her voice lower now, not as sharp as she spoke.
At the mention of the tea shop, Greg had an inkling as to where John was, considering there was only one between the pub and Baker Street.
Dialogue prompt "Don't ask me that"
John sighed quietly as he watched Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as he read the morning paper in his chair. He could feel as well as see the anxiety in the other man’s body as he moved around in an attempt to lesson the building tension in his body. It had been nearly a week since Sherlock confided in him that Mycroft had stopped by to assure him that Moriarty’s web was completely dismantled and that there was nothing more to worry about when it came to the criminal Mastermind. John was more than relieved to hear those words, especially after everything Sherlock had been through: The two years away, the rejection upon his return, his recapture and torture at the hands of Sebastian Moran.
"No, you don't. I called them before I called Sherlock. I told them you were sick." Greg stated and both Sherlock and John looked at him for a moment.
"Greg....over here." John called and Greg lifted his light to see a figure lying on the ground less than ten feet away from him.
"We need to get you to the hospital." Greg stated as he gently touched John's side.
John’s fiancé had showed up and voiced how much she had missed him, as if he had been gone for years, thought that wasn’t true. He honestly didn’t think it had been that long since John had seen her. Thought she did give him the impression she didn’t appreciate the fact he had been there, and she had certainly gave the impression that she felt Sherlock was trying to steal him away from her, and as much as he wanted John, that wasn’t the Case. The army doctor could do so much better than him, and it appeared that he honestly had.
John wishes there was some way he could perhaps ease the sadness that has overtaken Sherlock, though he only knows one way to comfort people and he isn’t certain that Sherlock is up for physical contact as a way of comfort. Though there is only way to find out.
“One Moment Sir.” The line went quiet for a moment before the usual call waiting elevator type music came on the line. If it were any other circumstance he would have gone down to the hospital himself, he would have requested to see the person in charge himself, but he doubted he could have kept a level head that long, if he went personally he would tear that hospital apart piece by piece until he found the poor excuse for a human being who sold out his brother’s privacy.
Sherlock thinks that the torment he has already endured is over, however Moran has other plans
“It’s alright Sherlock.” John reassured him, the hand on his hip moving to rub his side in some sort of comforting gesture as the other man stopped. They had yet to properly begin and Sherlock wanted none of this, this wasn’t alright anymore. Sherlock took a deep breath, willing his body to relax.
Uncertainty filled him as the metal doors slid open as he stepped on, pressing the button for the fourth floor.
“Because I bothered you.”
"I deserved this." Sherlock croaks. There are tears in his eyes and he refuses to look at Mycroft. "I deserved what happened to me..."
Sherlock had been different from the moment he stepped off the plane. He had been quieter, more subdued, as if the week in solitary confinement had sucked the life right out of him, and in a way, he supposed it had. The last few months have been anything but kind to detective and quite frankly John has no idea how Sherlock has even managed to make it this far. Thought it is obvious the brunettes resolve is slipping, from the relapse after the wedding, to the morphine needed to dull the sharp pain from his bullet wound, to the near overdose on the plane. It was only a matter of time before it all caught up with him. And it came sooner rather than later.
“Don’t.” He stated as John reached out for him. Usually he didn’t mind, usually he was fine with John, but not now, not with the feeling of warm breath still on his skin and the pain in his hips from the man he knew was dead.
“Sit up”
She had plans to put distance between John and Sherlock, at least enough to make the latter an easier and more vulnerable target, one that would be relatively easy for anyone who had an issue with the Great detective to take him out. Though she never intended to slip up and mention that John had left a note about his whereabouts, nevertheless, that no longer mattered as she made her way down Baker Street, taking her time, observing her surroundings to make sure no one would notice where she was headed as she passed Speedy’s and began to ascended the steps to the street door of Baker Street. It was that time of day that John should be at work and even if anyone noticed her entry, it wouldn’t cross their mind as suspicious, he was known for taking client’s and the most recent headline that accompanied his face on the paper was one in regards to going back to his lively hood, how much easier could it be?
“No.” Greg sighed as he turned his attention to Sherlock, who had moved the cold case files from his lap. “Absolutely not, Sherlock. No.”
Half way up the final flight, he paused as his eyes fell on to Mary, his heart stopped as he tried to process the fact that she was sitting on the couch in 221. What was she doing there? She wasn’t supposed to be there, he didn’t even remember telling her where he was and where he had been, and that was for Sherlock’s sake. He knew his friend was weary of strangers more no then he had been before, and that’s what Mary was to the detective. And not to mention he hadn’t even told Sherlock about his engagement yet, there had been more important things on his mind then the fact he was supposed to get married. And her showing up like this was not how he wanted to spring it on the man.
It had been weeks since he and John had actually spent an evening in together and Sherlock hates that. He missed John, missed his company, missed the comfort his presence brought.
"Lets sit you up." Greg stated as he changed gears.  John nodded slowly as Greg moved to slip an arm under John's shoulders and began helped him to sit up.
The kiss was broken as Moriarty's right hand man pulled away, leaving Sherlock panting for breath as he closed his eyes. The feeling of calloused hands running up his sides made his skin crawl and stomach churn. The hands traveling up higher than John's had in his attempt to soothe him. This was being dragged out slowly, for his pain and humiliation and for someone else's pleasure. It seemed as if Moran was inspecting his body with his hands before he finished undressing him.
Greg hung up before He had a chance to speak. Sherlock laid there for a moment, his brain processing that the inspector had just said. John had been hurt. He didn't even notice that the doctor didn't arrive home last night. He had figured John snuck in early, after he had gone to bed.
“Sherlock, you aren’t bothering me.” Mycroft stated as he approached his brother, the sibling rivalry that they had going had been moved to the back burner, so to speak. Sherlock’s well-being was more important than who was right and who upset mummy less when they were growing up. “It is my job to be there for you.”
“I’m sorry.” He muttered as he looked at the older man. “I can’t handle this, I thought I could, but I can’t”
“You know we’re suppose to be together. I knew it the first time I saw you, and you know it, too. I know you do.”
“Can you just have Mycroft send someone to pick me up?”
"Don't." John crooked. His voice hoarse as if he was in pain or on the verge of tears, or even both. "Just- Don't. Not right now."
"You're safe now Sherlock." John said as he watched Sherlock slowly made his way into the kitchen with him. the younger man depositing himself in the chair that he usually occupied while experimenting. "No one is going to hurt you.... we won't let them."
The younger man nodded, reminding the government official of when he was younger, Sherlock sitting up in his room after school hiding from their parents because the shirt he had was torn or there were marks on his arms from where the other kids had grabbed him and shoved him down for being different. Mycroft supposed it was sort of like those situations where he would come and sit with him, Sherlock gradually moving closer until he was leaning against his big brother asking if the fact he was being bullied was his fault or not.
Greg waited until John had climbed half of the stair case before he turned to Sherlock who had been standing by the coat rack near the entrance.
“Sherlock this isn’t a game, not when it stands in the way of your wellbeing.” John stated, his voice rising slightly, and Sherlock turned to look from John to his brother before looking back out the window.
The kettle whistles and He can hear John pouring water over the tea bag.
Sherlock moaned in discomfort as John added a second lubed finger, stretching him further, it burned and not the good kind that came with the feeling of cocaine in his veins. John paused as he heard Sherlock’s discomfort before.
"What do you mean I don't have to, Sherlock?"
"John?" Sherlock asked
He was awake now, quickly throwing the blankets to the side as he got out of bed, phone pressed between his shoulders and head, talking as he moved to get dressed.
“Just stop, please. I am not leaving, not now so stop thinking about it, stop asking and leave me alone.” The Detective stated as he stood and walked passed John and into his room, shutting his door.
His room provided some comfort and security as he searched for something to dress himself in, finding his sweats, a t shirt and a thick dressing gown enough for now.
“why are you apologizing?”
"I can see why Boss likes you so much." He said as he slipped the rope free. "And since you don't really have anything planned, I think I’ll take a turn now." Sherlock's eyes widened at Moran's words. Take a turn? God. No. Not again. The detective began to fight back as much as he could, finding the energy to try and lash out at the man who just chuckled as he twisted his arm as he turned him onto his back.
“He hurt you in an unimaginable way, Sherlock, it’s not something you forget.”
“Yeah, just thinking?”
“They know what they are doing is wrong, they’ve been out there for ages I suppose, they want a story, to be the one who breaks it, but they don’t want the drama that comes with being arrested.” Greg stated as he looked from John to Sherlock
"I-I'm sorry." John sobbed against Greg's shoulder. "I-I didn't know who else to call."
Mycroft huffed, he was getting annoyed, it really wasn’t that hard to say it was it? He could do it, he had always been the one to tell people things that hurt them to shove them away.
Sticking out of the top of the book was the edge of a piece of faded yellow paper, his brow furrowed as he grasped the edge, slipping it from it from what he noted as was a spy novel. Scrawled across the page
“Not until you tell me—”
“I didn’t think I would take this long, She was the last one in his web.”
“Director Noelene Overton, how may I help you Mr. Holmes?” The woman spoke in a clear crisp voice.
What was Mycroft doing there? He had been away for months for work. He had to be dead. There was No way it could be his brother.
The months following her entry into John Watson’s life were rather pleasant, and the fact she had a job to do was the farthest thing from her mind, though it occasionally surfaced as she received updates from Moran on the detective’s whereabouts as they all patiently waited for his return to London. The night he returned to London, Mary’s anxiety spiked, however, it didn’t last long, there wasn’t much of an uproar. No one even seemed to notice and that was all due to the plans they had been carrying out. The home stretch of this plan happened after they knew that Sherlock had been taken, all they had to do was wait for the message saying that the detective had been taken care of once and for all before they could all finally move on to bigger and better things.
Sherlock felt a tightness in his chest as he tossed the paper off to the side, of course someone was bound to notice him while he had been out the day before. How could anyone miss him? He hadn’t changed anything about his appearance what so ever.
Beeping met his ears first as his senses were overwhelmed with the scent of anti-septic as he woke. His mind was muddled and Sherlock couldn't think straight. Was he dead? He didn't feel anything. Everything was dark but there was a beeping sound, not one that constantly went off but it went off every few seconds. He couldn't wrap his mind around what it was or why he was hearing it.
The driver didn’t ask any questions about the address when he gave it to him, nor did he ask anything when he pulled up to the flat and John paid his fair and stepped out. He had no idea what to expect when he entered the flat, he just hoped that it wasn’t anything horrible. Voices made their way down the stairs as John entered, closing the street door behind him, thought he had no idea who else could be there with Sherlock. Quietly he made his way up the stairs, pausing as the other person spoke.
"If you don't comply, I'll have someone put a bullet in his head. John watched as Sherlock stopped once more, his body tensing at the fact he was trading something he had yet to give to anyone for his friends life.
Sherlock turned his head, taking in Greg's posture, anger and hurt bubbling under the surface but before he could fire off at the older man, the door to John's room opened and the nurse stepped out.
John is sitting in the waiting room as Mycroft walks in. He is hunched over, phone in his hands, as he looks down at the floor and the government official figures he is waiting for a nurse or doctor or whoever is designated the task to tell him information on Sherlock.
”Sherlock.”
Moran lifts himself up just enough to flip Sherlock on his back but before he can settle himself back onto the younger man Sherlock brings his knee up sharply between Morans legs earning him a cry of pain.
At that moment, Sherlock was at war. With himself. Torn between his body's sensory pleasure and is mind telling him that this was unwanted and it was wrong. So this was his chance to ruin the great detective. To own him. Moran adjust himself again and thrusts his hips into the younger man's body again and again. Each thrust angled to hit his prostate. It wasn't about pleasure. It was ownership, marking the other man as his as his thrusts became relentless, brutal and punishing and Sherlock's pliant body had no choice but to take it.
The coffee is steaming and smells heavenly as John pours it into the mug he has set out on the counter. As he set the coffee pot back back on the percolator, he can hear a chair scrape against the tiled floor as Sherlock stands from the table. It doesn’t take long until he can feel the heat from Sherlock’s body before the other man presses himself against his back causing him to smile into his coffee before he takes a sip
“A minor detail I seemed to have overlooked.” Mycroft announced as he got close enough, Mary’s body jumped slightly as she turned around, her hand finally slipping away from the brass knob to fall at her side as she looked down at him.
"I am sending you some information. I found the name of the man who left Sherlock's that night, but that is about all I found." Mycroft began.
“That’s fine Sherlock, I understand. I understand that you want things to go back to normal, that you think you should be over this, but it takes time, more time than I know you want it to. “John said softly. “But you have to realize that just because you are testing the waters to see what you can handle that they aren’t going to leave you alone and sooner or later you are going to have to talk to them Sherlock, if not, they are going to take as much liberties as they can until you have to set the record straight.”
John stared down at the paper, at Mary’s hand writing across the page as he read and reread the vague details about Sherlock, ones that he had never disclosed to Mary. Hell they were details that even he didn’t know until recently and the fact she knew them was unnerving. The note he had in his hand coupled with how she spoke to Sherlock was unsettling to say the least and didn’t like it.
Sherlock had nodded silently as he looked down at his clasped hands on his lap.
"To think I was going to go easy on you...prepare you, make it enjoyable, for you...too bad you ruined that by trying to escape."
Oh. He was the topic of discussion. Did Sherlock really think that he was a bother to him?
He was trying to tell himself that there was no reason for him to be that unsettled, plenty of people had slipped through the cracks when it came to raids on criminal rings and operations. That was how, years after being dismantled, they would resurface with the same principle and a different face at the reigns. Of course he had never considered that the person who had slipped through the cracks had been sitting on his couch a few days ago. Sherlock sighed as he rested his face in his hands as he elbows rested on his knees. His heart was racing, pounding against his chest as he tried not to think about the events he had witnessed from his window. He had heard the voices from down stairs, John and Mary’s arguing. John protecting him against Mary who seemed so set on hurting him, as if he had not been hurt enough. His limbs were trembling at the thought he was so close to being at someone elses mercy again, and the thoughts that were running through his mind were far from pleasant.
Sherlock wanted nothing more than John to get off of him, his weight was confining and the feel of his breathe on his neck was unpleasant. But he said nothing, instead he closed his eyes and prayed that Moriarty let them go so he could go home and shower and forget this ever happened.
“Send them in.”
“I own you now Holmes.” Moran whispered and Sherlock whimpered as the grip became firmer on his face as Moran searched his face for understanding before letting go when he saw something that pleased him.
“You alright there?” the doctor asked and the detective nodded not looking up completely from his hands.
Greg hung up his phone as he entered the shadows of the alley as he withdrew the  torch from his pocket.
His voice is angry and hateful as He speaks.
“H-Harder”
"Sir."  It was Anthea "we found something that may interest you."
John didn't pay attention to the conversation between Sherlock and Greg, instead he focused on getting himself up the two flights of stairs to his room. He wanted nothing more than to retreat into his own space and isolate himself from the world and from Sherlock's analyzing gaze for awhile, at least until he had the shower he wanted, he needed, and a few hours of sleep in his own bed.
Sherlock watches the door intently as John begins to descend the stairs. His gait tells Sherlock he is slightly hungover from his night out and the way John pauses at the door for a moment before he walks straight across the landing into the Kitchen. He moves as quietly as he can as he puts on the kettle and retrieves a mug or two of tea.
Sherlock yelps as his face smacks the ground near the kitchen table. His lips, nose, and forehead are throbbing and he can taste blood.
"I...I need help." The last word came out so quietly he wasn't sure Greg had heard him.
“Sherlock…”
Sherlock’s eyes glanced between Moran and John just beyond the door  as he began to more forward, one foot in front of the other at a faster more determined pace. The detective held his head a littler higher as he moved passed Moran, who offered him a menacing smile followed by the words “I’ll see you soon Holmes.” Moran’s voice was low and made chills run down Sherlock’s spine making him uneasy. There was some foreboding behind the words, but the detective refused to acknowlege the older man, refusing to give him any more satisfaction than what he has already gained from his pain and humility. Instead he continued to hold his expressionless mask into place until he was securely over the threshold.
(See the end of the chapter for
The light is bright as they step out into the London air, the sound of life fills Sherlock’s ears and he feels off from the start, but he doesn’t say anything as Mycroft shuts the door behind them. His heart is pounding in his chest as he takes a minute or two to get use to the loud sound of the city after being in his quiet flat for the last few days. Mycroft is at his side and he nods minutely as they take off down the street. Usually Sherlock held his head high as he walked the streets of London, making deductions of the people passing by, figuring out their motives, but not now. Now he doesn’t want to be noticed. Now being noticed will get him the attention he doesn’t want and the questions he doesn’t want to answer, not yet, not ever really if he has his way.
And as he looked over the victim, it became more and more obvious he wasn’t focusing on the body but more on the people around him, the way they moved, their conversations, the fact they were talking about him, and not too kindly either. God he should have stayed at the office, he wasn’t ready for this, not yet, no matter how hard he tried to get back to normal, he couldn’t do a public scene just yet.
“Director Overton, I was curious as to what happened to your employees that broke confidentiality when it came to current and past patents.”
“I know you are fine with me staying a few nights, most nights, but would you be fine with me moving back in for good.”
The brunttee worried his lip between his teeth as the sun began to rise, his hand reaching out for the mobile on the table near his chair. He wasn’t able to say up as long as he use, he use to go days without sleep, but not now. He attributed it to the healing that his body was still doing, repairing the muscles, bones, and torn tissue in his body. But he didn’t want to sleep without someone there, which was understandable right? That’s why they could ward off the reporters if they showed and calm him down if his nightmares took another unexpected turn.
“He wouldn’t let us go…unless…unless I raped him.” His admission was no higher than a whisper and he refused to meet Mycroft’s eyes, instead he chose to focus on the wall just above the government officials shoulder. “Moriarty made it clear that it was in exchange for my life and that even if I didn’t he would have one of his men rape him instead. I didn’t want to hurt him Mycroft, I never wanted to hurt him…I thought it would have been a kinder experience and it would have saved him from those other men.”
“You’re right, I don’t understand.” He replied “I don’t understand half of this, but what I do understand is that you have information about him saying he’s an easy target when alone, now that doesn’t take much to realize that there are intentions to hurt him, and that is something I won’t let you do, regardless of who you are.”
“Move” John panted and Sherlock complied by pulling out slightly before pushing back in, his hands gently grasping John’s hips for balance as he worked himself into a decent rhythm that had the doctor moaning and gasping under him.
Sherlock scanned the aisle occasionally looking up, scanning for anyone near him that might notice him or approach him, and when no one did, he counted the stars.
The two of them break apart for air and Sherlock drinks in the sight of John’s normally pale skin flushed with arousal, the beginning of which is pressing against Sherlock’s thigh. He can’t help but smirk slightly at the hardness against his leg as he brings his hands up to his lover’s sides, slowly dragging his fingers down the pale expanse of skin.
INCOMING CALL: Sherlock
“Perhaps before you offer to relieve me of my place here, you should go work things out with your fiancée, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft voiced “There is no need to make this any more difficult than it already is, and I can assure you there are other people that can come and look after Sherlock while you handle your relationship.”
"You know what happened don't you Lestrade? That's why you didn't leave." Sherlock stated more than asked as he looked the older gentleman over. There was a hint of hurt and a disappointment to his voice as he spoke."Why don't you go do your job and let me take care of John?"
“I haven’t taken any cases.”
Mycroft wasted no time examining the footage that Anthea had found. It was the lead he had been looking for. He had determined the man leaving his brother's flat was indeed the man who had attacked him, given he was the last person to enter and exit after John had left and before he had returned.
Talking to the media was never really one of Sherlock’s strong points, he despised giving interviews and having photos taken to be splashed all over the pages of the press. It wasn’t like John could blame him either.
It seemed as if they knew he was calling as the phone rang and rang but he doubted their phones flashed with a sign that read ‘pissed off Government official line 4’ though they might was well have one by the time he was finished.
“Do you know where I can find them?”
“There is something you’ve left out isn’t there, Doctor Watson? I didn’t see it before, but I see it now. The guilt weighing you down and the comment you made the last time we met. You know something and yet you don’t want anyone to know about it, Why?”
It was only after each and every one of them replied that their end had been in fact cleaned up, did he make his way out of the car. He stared up at the window his brother usually perched himself in front of to play his violin and found the sheer curtain moving ever so slightly as it fell back into place. Mycroft allowed himself a small smile as he walked up the stoop and opened the front door.
A look of horror crossed Sherlock's face at his vocalization of pleasure while Moran grinned evilly and leaned in closer, his mouth millimeters away from the detective's ear.
The detective breathed deeply through his nose as he heard the street door open before closing softly. He tried to calm his racing heart, telling him it was no one was going to harm him, however it wasn’t working. He didn’t truly believe it, at least not until he saw who was ascending the stairs. He didn’t look up as the footsteps drew closer, instead he moved his hands from his face and his arms wrapped around his torso, hands grasping the fabric of his dressing gown pulling it tightly over his body.
"You alright?" John asks, pausing, his finger only inside to the first knuckle.
“His terms?” Mycroft looked skeptical “What where his terms exactly?”
Moran knew then and he licked his lips.
“So they have their orders then?”
"I don't know if I can walk, I don't even know if I can stand."
Sherlock groaned in pain at the movement and closed his eyes as his legs were dropped onto the ground with a dreadful thud.
Behind him John shuffled around the kitchen grabbing mugs and opening tea packets allowing them to steep as he made his way down stairs to get the paper that was laying on the stoop. It was a somewhat normal morning that made him feel like he had before he had fallen, but even that was bound to change before he dressed for the day.
"Here you are"
Sherlock looks nearly unrecognizable to his brother, his face is black and blue with bruises and one of his eyes is swollen shut. His right hand has been encased in a plaster cast, but what is broken, he has no idea. There is visible bruising on his arms and he can only imagine what the rest of him looks like under his gown and the blanket that covers his body.
"Sherlock, no one deserves this, especially not you."
Maybe asking to come to the scene was not the best idea Sherlock had had, but it was too late to tell Greg to turn back as they pulled up to the yellow caution tape. Sally was the first one out of the car, the Sergeant obviously not pleased with the fact he had tagged along, though that was blatant from the fact she had bore a hole in the back of his head with the way she had been staring at him as Greg drove. However he did not acknowledge her or even throw a deduction or two in her direction, instead he tried to pretend he was smaller than he was, but it was rather hard considering he was six feet tall. She hadn’t said anything to him either, but she was certain to give Greg an earful as he drove.
John's heart was pounding in his chest as Moriarty squeezed his shoulder grinning wickedly at him. The proposition he had just been handed made him sick, and he hoped he head heard the criminal that had taken them captive wrong, but as he repeated himself, it was obvious he wasn't. "Now Johnny Boy, you want your dear Sherlock to be safe don't you?" John nodded of course he did, sherlock was his best friend, the man that had saved him. "Good, Just like I knew you would. Now, like the good boy you are, you are going to walk through that door and show Sherlock what he's been missing." John swallowed.
“Get what you need, brother dear.” Mycroft said as he released his brother’s hand, the detective nodding as he headed down the right aisle to get shampoo and body wash, preferably something that smells different to the ones he has been using.
Sherlock cleared his throat and John’s attention shifted from the hand on his arm to the other man’s face. There was a look set on his features that he had never seen before, there was a softness to his sharp features that seemed to make him ever more lovely.
Even if he had to do it himself
"You think This isn't the first time this happened then?"
John knows it is Sherlock’s way of apologizing for the fact he got hurt. he had overlooked the fact the suspect they had been chasing had an accomplice and only became aware of them when they had stepped out of the shadows in the alleyway and took a swing at John, hitting him in the face. the weapon in his hand slicing John’s skin causing blood to pour from his wound.
A cry escapes Sherlock as Moran gives one final thrust into Sherlocks body, coming inside him.
With quick movements, Sherlock threw back the covers and slipped from his bed. He didn't bother throwing on his dressing gown as he went to retrieve clothes to take to John.
"You don't have to do this you know." Sherlock mumbles as Mycroft finishes the chapter he was reading. The older Holmes gives his brother a perplexed look as he Marks the page he's on before closing the book.
Sherlock’s heart began to beat faster as he turned his attention to Greg, his hands already grabbing the files to move them off his lap.
Moran watched the horror dawn on Sherlock's face as he grasped his cock, pumping it with his harsh thrusts. Sherlock's hips once again lifted up towards Moran’s and a guttural moan escaped his lips. Moran continued his ministrations, watching as Sherlock slowly came undone in his hands. It was with a well angled thrust that Sherlock's body tensed, his back arching off the bed and his muscles tightening around the cock buried in his body as his own painted his chest and belly with his own semen. Moran chuckled as Sherlock turned his head, hiding his face the best he could in his arm. Most likely. To hide his pain, horror and humiliation that were painted across his face.
He had managed to shower and get himself dressed, hos body unnaturally achy and he was tired from lack of sleep, but Sherlock was determined to be a little more productive than laying on the couch allowing the nightmare from hours before to consume him. Instead he perched himself at the table, his Microscope set up and several dishes of bacteria that had been growing in the petri dishes that Mycroft had provided him were stacked up next to it. His goal was to stay away from the windows with John out doing the shopping, despite the fact that no reporters had come to camp out in front of his front door, no one really needed to see him anyway.
"That's great Sherlock." John said a few moments after as he worked both fingers in to the third knuckle and Sherlock just nodded and breathed through his nose as he became accustom to the feeling. Though that feeling was replaced with a burning sensation as the doctor now had the tips of three of his fingers working their way into Sherlock’s hole, the younger man groaned in discomfort. John’s free hand continued to rub circles above his tail bone, trying to get Sherlock to relax as he worked his fingers inside.
The silence in the room was broken by the sound of his mobile going off, startling him. He reached across the surface of the desk and retrieved the device. Frowning slightly when he saw John's name on his screen.
“Delete what?”
“John, well I can see what I can do, there are no guarantees.”
“I wish I could.” Sherlock’s hands curled into fists grasping the fabric of John’s dressing down “I wish I could delete it, and this new mess, delete the scars and the pain.”
Mary had just taken a breath to speak when something caught John’s eye, though he tried not to allow the glimmer of the pristine car to catch his full attention. He did however, watch as the back door slowly opened and out stepped Mycroft, and needless to say, he didn’t look very happy or anything close to it, in fact the look might as well have been classified as murderous,
