“Sure, Dean. What do you recommend I do?”
He looks up at Dean. “I’d think we could have saved us a lot of trouble, if you’d brought this up sooner.”
Dean's improvement is apparent in the trays of cupcakes. The swirls of the first cupcakes are loose and a little lopsided, but the final one is a picture perfect cupcake.
“Are we done now?” Cole asked.
“Yeah, that might be a good idea.”
Oh. Well, that’s shitty. Dean can feel his excitement going from one hundred to none, chin dropping to his chest and shoulders slumping. That’s okay. They can reschedule.
And yet… God, help him, he still had hope.
“How many times I gotta say it! You got me involved. You gotta help me figure this shit out.”
Maybe, if he’d been able to think about anything other than the impending coffee date, he wouldn’t be building it up in his head, but that seems to be a lost cause for him. It’s now five o'clock and any time his thoughts had drifted away from his work, he’d found himself daydreaming about what Castiel’s stubble would feel like when they kissed.
out from the library. He'd caught the movie on TV a few years ago and had enjoyed it, so when he came across it on the shelf, he'd wanted to get the full experience. Sitting alone with his coffee and book, Bartholomew had approached him.
Dean exhales a sigh of relief. This is going fine. What had he been so worried about again?
“Definitely not. You're still good in my books. Wanna keep watching
. She's your girlfriend.”
But there’s one small thing still…
“I guess that rules me out,” he said when he’s caught his breath.
Eleanor gives Dean a good long look. “I suppose since you’re doing me a favor by working the evening shift tonight, I can overlook this.” Eleanor’s tone changes to something far friendlier. “And he’s such a looker!” Dean’s eyes widen and he looks over at Castiel to gauge his reaction. Castiel’s cheeks are flaming red now.
Dean quickly sends the image to Claire captioned
The bus pulls to a stop in front of Dean. He can already see that the windows are fogged up inside. He cringes inside at the thought of another sweltering bus ride, and can already feel the sweat rolling down his spine. The doors creak open and a blast of warm, moist air hit him. The bus was already almost full, but he had just enough space. As long as no one else is going to get on, that is.
Dean sputters in horror. “What are you doing?” he exclaims.
And at least if Dean didn’t return his feelings, he’d be able to start the moving on process. And yet...
“It's for the library's Facebook page. I'm in charge of our social media and events. This photo is perfect for a last minute reminder.”
Time felt like it was breezing by. Castiel saw Dean nearly every day and he couldn’t remember the last time he had been so inspired with his art. He knew he was prioritizing his time with Dean over Bartholomew, but with how much work he was been producing, he couldn’t bring himself to be too upset. He let Dean have artistic license with his comic’s upcoming story arc and was thinking about asking him to contribute more for the next one. It was his creation, too, after all.
Cas couldn’t help but cringe. “I miss you, too. Are you free on Sunday, maybe?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean turned to face Cas. “‘Cause I remember. I told you that I’m psychic, could see us getting married. We bet twenty dollars on it. Do you remember?”
Jo scowled at him. “Well, I was gonna tell you about someone I think you’d get along with, but now I’m not gonna.”
“It’s a different anniversary. It’s the anniversary of when we first met.”
“Don’t call me dear,” Cas says into his pillow again. Dean’s guessing, anyway. He knows Cas hates it when Dean calls him dear, so Dean makes sure to do it when he needs a reaction.
“We went camping!”
But there’s no time for this this morning. Dean flails out of the man’s lap with a hurried apology. He can hear the doors starting to shut.
‘I can no longer do dinner tonight. The library is having a bake sale tomorrow and the person that called in sick yesterday was going to be making the majority of the desserts. I’m getting roped into baking things.’
Dean frowned. “Not necessarily. You’ve got nice eyes, tousled hair, and a great ass. I think you’d fall into the sexy category.” Castiel’s eyes widened. “Objectively speaking,” Dean tacked on hastily. “So, earlier you said there was a surprise twist? What is it?”
"It's… uhh…" Cas tries.
“Then how could you have been waiting for me?” Dean couldn’t help but ask.
“We have a desk over here for you.” Donna gestured to the one she had placed on the right side of the room before the bell rang that morning. “I’ve already put all your textbooks in it.” Castiel walked to his desk and sat down before pulling out his pencil case, ready to start. Donna already liked him for the simple reason that he seemed ready to learn all on his own.
Cas nods again and seems a little less unsure. He gets into position, the purple glittery ball raised behind him. He takes three steps forward and swings the ball. It speeds into the lane--and heads nearly immediately into the gutter.
“Yeah, I know you didn’t like him,” he grumbled.
‘So did you want to get coffee tomorrow, maybe?
“A lot of the themes I work with now come from the stories we started creating when we were ten. I thought he'd like to see how they’ve changed over the years.” He was flipping through a sketchbook from a couple of years ago while he talked. “We used to pass drawings back and forth in class, taking turns adding bits here and there. We could spend whole classes just adding to our comics.”
“You're going to be tonight.” Dean raises his glass in salute to Cas and raises it to his lips, swigging down half in one shot. Cas salutes him back and much more demurely drinks his.
“Just. Presentations. I'd take ten more essays over one presentation,” Cole shuddered. “We're never gonna need presentation skills in the field.”
Dean mulls it over for a moment. Cas is probably right. And if this is what he wants, then he probably shouldn't interfere. It's just. So. Hard not to.
Bart sighed. “I can’t. Remember I told you that I’m going to visit family on Sunday?”
Charlie speeds through her words and it takes a moment for Ms. Hanscum to realize what she's just said. When she figures it out, she just laughs. “Well, I dunno where you came up with that one, Charlie.”
While Dean wasn’t a big fan of talking about emotions, or “chick flick moments” as he tended to call them, he was an excellent listener with a give ’em hell attitude. He doesn’t pull punches when it came to advice which was what Cas needed at times to get his head out of the sand.
Cas is silent. His carefully unwraps the bandage and applies it to Dean's hand, making sure it's entirely covered. He throws out the wrapper and puts the bottle on the nearest desk. There's nothing more to procrastinate with and they both know it. Cas sighs again, hands folded in his lap, eyes downcast.
Dean sits upright like he wasn't just making out with someone. “Heeey, Cas,” he says casually. “How's it going man?”
“Well, one rumour was that he sells drugs--”
“I do look forward to when we spend time together, but lately I’m more excited to see Dean. We’re still catching up, so I’m sure that will wear off and when that does, I’ll probably start being more excited about seeing Bart again.” Jo and Alex shared another meaningful look. “What?” he asked, “What is that look for?”
Castiel sighs. “That is the library manager, Eleanor. She’s very lovely. Very intelligent. She’s just… like everyone’s mother. She takes an interest in everyone’s personal life and she will try to help however she can. But like a mother’s love, you know it’s always there, but it’s not always the best time to appear.”
“I don't think that would be the most appropriate topic for us, kiddo,” Ms. Hanscum says apologetically. Charlie pouts and Ms. Hanscum can't help but feel bad. “Okay, but how about I tell you about my favorite couple? They're older, so you won't know them. They just got married last year.” Charlie perks up, and so do some other students.
“Then what's the next step?” Sam asks.
“Don’t you have some place to be?” Dean can’t help but ask.
Jody comes closer with a look of concern and walks behind the desk to Donna, “You okay? How was your day?”
Dean is focusing so intensely on not making eye contact and trying to look casual, he nearly misses his stop. He’s only heard the tail-end of it  being announced and he’s still  in the middle of the bus with people packed in on both sides of him.
Cas yawns and snuggles up close, resting his head on Dean’s chest. Dean automatically wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulders.  “We’re very happy now.” Dean presses a kiss to the top of Cas’ head. “Happy Anniversary. Now back to sleep.”
Dean is sitting in the Impala outside the library waiting for Cas. He drums his fingers on the steering wheel in his impatience. Cas’ shift had ended ten minutes ago and with each passing second, Dean can feel his heart rate increase in his anticipation. He really wishes he could control that.
“I know, man,” Dean said, still scribbling furiously on his page. “You've said that already.”
“Hey, kiddo,” Ms. Hanscum says softly. “I don't mind. It's okay. You can think what you'd like and it won't bother me.”
“Maybe he was just worried the other guy would rat him out,” Sam suggests.
“Definitely not.” Dean pauses for a moment before continuing. “One rumour is that you sell drugs.”
Bart leaned away, a slight scowl on his face. “Maybe you’re talking about him too much. What am I supposed to think?”
“I think that's fine. Don't be so nervous. Now, when you go to aim, don't watch the ball. Look at the pins. You need to look at where you want to ball to go.” Cas nods. “You can do this, Cas.”
“This is me, I gotta run. I’ll see you tomorrow?” He looks up expectantly at the stranger while he starts to move between people to the exit. He doesn’t expect the man to start pushing along right behind him. He definitely would remember if he had gotten off at the same stop yesterday.
“Drugs? That kid looks like every anti-drug commercial I’ve ever seen.”
They keep working with minimal mess now that Dean has learned his lesson. They agree to order in Chinese and only break when the did arrives. Conversation flows easily between them and Dean feels himself becoming increasingly more comfortable with Castiel. He's barely even blushing anymore. Dean finds Cas easy to speak with. They have similar points of view on many things despite their different upbringings -- Cas with a large family and even larger extended family in an extremely religious environment; Dean having just his brother, Sam, his mom and dad, a family friend here and there with no serious mentions of God other than to blaspheme.
Donna had hoped that pairing the two boys together would be a good way for Castiel to open up. Dean was very nurturing for a ten year old, and she knew he would take Castiel under his wing once they had a chance to spend some time together. She never expected the immediate bond they would form so quickly. Donna was not the type to pat herself on the back—usually—but she felt pretty confident in saying that she knocked it out of the park this time. If this didn't earn her a cheat day, nothing could.
“You think it's that nice?”
It's a bit on the small side, but very well organized -- everything clearly has a home. The walls are painted a warm teal, which are paired with what looks like pine countertops. The dark colour does nothing to make the already small kitchen look larger, but the colour palette helps make the room look inviting and lived in. There are a few framed prints hanging on the wall beside the fridge: mustard and ketchup bottles holding hands and smiling, a kitten that has knocked over a box of kibbles and is rolling in the mess, and a collection of smiling vials and beakers with different colored liquids inside them. Hanging beneath the three prints is a chalkboard in an ornate white frame. The only thing on the board is a drawing of a bumblebee. There is a window above the kitchen sink with several plants in it. Dean’s a little too far away to tell, but he thinks they might be herbs. Dean might have never stepped foot in this kitchen before today, but it feels so welcoming. It feels like coming home.
Dean just grumbles in agreement. A short while later, they hang up and Dean boots up his laptop. He thinks about what he's going to tell Charlie as he waits. He opens the chat service and begins to type.
Castiel is certain he’s not imagining their closeness, but he’s never been willing to risk it before. He’s starting to consider it now that Dean has planted the seed.
Flour flies everywhere, exploding like fireworks on the Fourth of July.
“Cole,” Dean said sternly, “We need to get more done first. We only have three weeks to get this done,” he glanced at his planner, “and with the paper for Neur Phys, and having to start looking for internships, I don't know when--”
This is weird. He's clearly over thinking what just happened. Cas has a Guest over and Dean is giving them time, a few hours he'd said, alone. That's what roommates do. He has no reason to spend anymore time on this. He pulls a textbook from his bag, intending to use the time to study. If only he could get rid of the weight in his stomach that had just started. Must just be anxiety for the test.
Alex spoke up then. “Well, not always. Some people are more independent and like having their space. When you make plans with him, are you excited to see him?”
“I’d like that, Cole.”
“Yes, plus I don’t like the idea of Ellie watching us on the cameras.” Cas stands as well.
. He can’t remember the last time he actively chose to come to the library without Sam. He walks to the main desk, coffee tray in one hand and donuts in the other. There is a young woman sitting behind it focusing very intently on the computer. She doesn’t look up until Dean is directly in front of her and he has cleared his throat.
“Of course,” Cas said, shaking his head in amusement. “You always insisted when we were kids, so how could I just make him a prince or a knight? Prince Dean steals what he needs from the armory before sneaking out of the kingdom dressed as a knight.”
So Dean tries his best to put it out of his mind. It’s easier than he expected it to be since he is in school, after all. He goes to class and has homework to do and tests to study for. He's actually thinking very hard about an upcoming test and that is probably why he didn't notice the sock on the doorknob.
“Yes! He mentioned someone might be looking for him. He’s at the back of the building. There’s another desk back there. It’s where he usually works.”
Dean couldn't wait a moment longer for his plate of bacon (with his spinach omelette, god, okay he'll eat it) and they're back in the kitchen right after.
“Ugh, this is the worst!” Charlie exclaims. “I can't sit still anymore! Ms. Hanscum, please let us go! The ticking of the clock is driving me bananas! I just want break to start already!”
“Yo, Winchester,” Jo poked at Dean’s stomach.
“Dean.” Sam's voice has a hint of warning to it. “What are you going to do when you find out who it is?”
“Listen Cas.” And this is it. He's just gotta say it. “I know there's something you're not telling me. I don't like talking feelings, so you don't have to do that. But I know he's done something to you. And I'd punch him again even if you never tell me what he did.”
But he’s starting to feel the chill of winter again and he should
Sam finished up the breakfast dishes quickly and got out of Dodge right after. He's been around enough to know that Dean treats a full meal preparation like a battle plan and it's best not to be around if you're not needed.
Dean is able to hold his neck uncomfortably for all of thirty seconds. He strains for another ten before settling back to upright. His nose, of course, starts to tickle again immediately. Why does this have to happen? Dean tries to turn his head to the left and then the right, but the hood is just too big and Dean’s personal space is just too small.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly at the question. “I mean, I like you too. Though, I figured it out before today,” he chuckles.
“He was being a bag of dicks and I had to do something,” Dean explains as he pulls his sweater over his head.
Cas could see the excitement light up Dean's face. “I'm studying to be a physical therapist. I want to focus on sports injuries.”
He leaves Cas be for now.
Dean runs to the elevator. ‘OMW’
“Tell us about the wedding!” Becky pitches in, “Weddings are the best.”
Dean continued, “Do you remember that day in History class when we were passing notes? Mr. Singer wasn't there and that was why we were. We never woulda gotten away with it if he was there,” Dean chuckled. “I wonder whatever happened to that old coot…”
Dean bolts up, but doesn’t see anyone. He looks down. There’s a little girl sitting at his feet. She can’t be older than five. Her hair is in pigtails that are crooked.
“I’m not. But I’m waiting for him.”
Cas nods seriously at Dean and resumes his new bowling stance. Dean steps back to give Cas his space. His limbs still don't seem loose enough, but Dean can already see progress as the ball speeds down the lane, still veering to the left but it avoids the gutter this time and knocks over a single pin on the back corner. Cas spins around, surprise on his face and Dean whoops and claps him on the back.
As the smell of the baking pecan pie fill the kitchen, it is no surprise to anyone that Dean decides that he will not be sharing his gift from Cas with anyone else.
“You just looked concerned,” she looks genuinely worried that she might have distressed Charlie and the other students.
Reposting this because apparently only a fraction of the chapter had been posted last time!
They moved things to the living room area and everyone settled down. Jo and Alex insisted on sitting on cushions on the floor so Dean and Castiel could sit together. (“New people don't get the floor. Dean gets a pass today.” “It's my apartment.” “That's why the pass is only good for today.”)
His phone chirps as he locks the door. He pulls it out to check.
Cas thinks it over before responding. “I just didn’t want you to think I was weak for letting him speak to me like that, or for letting him spread lies about me.” A smile crosses his face when he adds drily, “Plus you punched him after only meeting him. I'd hate to see what you would have done if you knew all of this then.”
Dean chuckled. “And I still get to be a Princeknight?”
And while this wasn't how he'd planned on this going, it seemed like this was how events wanted to play out and he wasn't ready to be upset on Christmas Day.
“No can do. Jo introduced me to a guy from her class. Turns out we went to middle school together. We’re gonna be catching up tomorrow night, seeing as it's been so long.”
“I actually talk to other people,
Dean gives Cas a hard look before he also dissolves into laughter.
will be the next topic of gossip.”
“Watching the show apparently,” this Uriel guy says smugly.
Dean chuckles at his silly husband and shuts his eyes. “Happy anniversary to you too…Dear.” He gets a light swat on the arm.
“You need to give it more time and I dunno. Eat your nachos, Cas.” Cas shrugs and digs in and Dean stands to take his turn. He finds a glossy black ball that reminds him of the Impala and winds up his arm and let's the ball fly. He whoops and pumps his fist when he knocks over eight pins leaving two standing together on the left. “Did you see that? I can't remember the last time I bowled. Some things you just don't forget.”
“They’re your friends, too! Of course they’ll want to play with you! Vic, get over here!” Dean bellowed the last part. “Cas can play, too, right?”
Everything might have been okay if Bart had just left it all alone. It was another two weeks before their schedules lined up and they were able to spend time together.
“And you'll only get better from here,” Dean tells him.
“I think it was all Cas. You were on the other side of the room, you didn’t see Dean’s reaction,” Ms. Jones says.
“Hey, man. Sorry for kicking your bag,” he blurts out. The man gives a small smile and a quick nod before Dean turns and squeezes his way between all the other passengers. The doors nearly shut on him on his way out. Dean sighs a breath of relief and shivers at the temperature drop. He isn’t even late for work.
on the couch and when Bartholomew asked him to be his boyfriend (so formal!) Castiel said yes. They’d clicked, and though Castiel wasn’t sure he’d felt that spark he’d heard so much about, he could give it a try.
She must lose track of the time because the next thing she notices is her classroom door being shut. She opens her eyes in surprise, but calms down immediately.
“Would you be interested in helping me at the bake sale tomorrow? Charlie will probably still be sick and it was just going to be the two of us manning the sale tomorrow.”
“Well, what’s stopping you?” Dean quietly shoots back before taking another sip of his beer.
“Sure,” Cas says uncertainly.
They run out of the bowling alley as quickly as possible, coats and shoes in hand. They're a block away before they slow down.
The commercial break ended at that moment and Cas just scoffed, “Okay, Miss Cleo. The show’s starting again. Time to be quiet,” and he settled further into the couch cushions. Dean leaned back and let Cas’ body heat warm him.
. Dean is nervous. It’s different. He’s just been busy at work. Then he braved the bus home. There just hasn’t been time.
“So you had to punch him?” Cas asks, exasperation evident in his voice.
"No, Dean," Cas says in horror. "This is your gift. You can't help to make it," he pauses with a head tilt. "That's a rule, isn't it?"
Bartholomew whistled. “That’s dedication right there. Well, I couldn’t convince you to meet with me again later? Maybe after I put a dent in Interview?”
“And together we fight dragons to save Prince Sam because they kidnapped him. That’s Dean’s little brother,” Castiel explained. He opened the book to another drawing of a boy being carried by a green dragon that looked very evil. There were several others in the background with the same sinister smile.
But the truth is it made him uncomfortable for reasons he isn't sure he wants to analyse. So, instead, he shoves it down. He focuses on the test he has to study for. He leaves the classroom on Friday feeling confident. If he doesn't get at least an 85% on that, he'll be very surprised.
His eyebrows rose in shock. So he hadn’t been imagining flirting the other day. Did he want to go on a date with Bartholomew? Castiel started mentally weighing the pros and cons, but cut himself off. He wasn’t sure when exactly his last date was and Bartholomew was nice enough.
“I don’t know if the other kids will want to play with me,” Castiel replied, looking at his shoes.
Mr. Hood had jumped a foot, clearly startled. Dean did just sneeze on the back of his head. His eyes shoot down to his shoes.
“You know what, the moment's kinda gone. Might be time for you to go.”
They walk into the alley, immediately hit with the sounds of bowling balls hitting the ground, pins falling, and upbeat 90s pop classics paired with the smells of stale beer and foods that are bad for you. Dean is thrilled. He's been a good student lately and he's excited to cut loose for a bit. The first order of business, after securing a lane, is ordering two dishes of these amazing nachos. It's not that he considers himself to be a foodie, but he'll be the judge of how amazing these nachos are.
“Sorry, I didn't hear anything. You surprised me. I was getting used to living alone” Dean can hear Castiel's breath starting to steady already.
Dean swallows, eyes drawn to Cas’s thick thighs automatically. Cas might hear him because he makes eye contact with Dean, pecans still at his mouth and he raises an eyebrow in question. Dean shakes himself back to attention. “Don’t forget you’re human now,” he pulls open a drawer of utensils, “and the dentist is expensive. Use scissors instead of your teeth.” He’s gruff, but not unkind and Castiel gives him an affectionate smile before pouring the pecans into the pie shell. They get the pie in the oven and set a timer and Dean turns to the recipes he’d printed out for today. He’s got a lot planned and that means a lot to do, but he’s wanted to do this for a long time now and this seemed like the perfect time.
“Well, it sounds like you two have a lot to catch up on, huh?” Bart said, ignoring Castiel’s implication. He rolled his eyes.
“It makes everything more precise,” Cas says with a smile. “I’ll get you some bowls and the recipe.”
Donna hid her grin behind her cup of coffee.
They sit quietly while sharing the treats, exchanging the occasional critique on the donuts. Dean is finally starting to feel at ease with what is happening.
“Dean, it’s not your turn,” Donna chided, “And you didn’t raise your hand either, so—” She stopped when she heard someone knocking on the door. “Oh, good morning!” she said warmly. At the door stood Principal Jody Mills and a young boy. “You must be Castiel.”
It was Cas's turn to be impressed by his friend. “That is, well, exactly what I had hoped for.”
Castiel checked his watch and gasped. “Oh god. I'm so sorry, but I've gotta run. My next class starts in twenty minutes. But this has been great…” he trailed off only just recalling that they had never exchanged names.
"Hang on a sec," he tells Cas. He pulls his phone from his robe pocket and opens the camera. "Give me a smile." So Cas does as he's asked and Dean snaps a photo (or several). "Perfect," Dean tells Cas, showing him the photo.
. She replies moments later saying
“Like what?” Dean dumps his stuff on his bed.
Cas is waiting for him when he gets back.
It was far from a passionate love affair, but they usually reached out to the other to go to things that might be considered date-like.
“They are rather close to my heart,” Cas says with a grin. “Are you free tomorrow too?”
“I'm sorry about Stephanie,” Dean says. “You and I never really set any ground rules for bringing girls back here and it seemed like a good chance to take. And you've never brought a girl back either.”
“Now Dean!”
“Uhh, nowhere in particular,” she explains. “It's really just seeing you two together…You're obviously friends. It's not that hard to see more,” Charlie drops her chin to her chest. “I'm sorry if that weirds you out or offends you. I didn't mean for that.”
“I doubt there was much talking…” Aaron says in a false whisper to Garth.
she had said. He can wait a week. He thinks. He’s curious, way too curious about this, but Cas seems thoroughly unconcerned with what’s being said about him. Dean can do that too.
Dean stepped forward and dipped Cas. Castiel laughed as Dean kissed him. They stood upright again and smiled at their friends and family as they cheered.
“Okay. Okay. I won't.”
Cas props himself up on his elbows and looks at Dean properly with a smile. “We do have fun together. I value our time together.”
“I’m looking for Castiel… I don’t know his last name… but I brought him a coffee.”
“Okay,” Dean responses. “What should we watch instead?”
“So, tell me, man.” Good start, Dean. “Why didn’t you have a roommate?” Castiel raises a suspicious eyebrow and Dean can feel his confidence starting to plummet already, but he ploughs ahead anyway. He can fake it. “There are some rumours that I’ve heard, and I gotta say, I don’t believe a one.”
His phone goes off a third time.
The moment is broken by a loud snicker from behind them.
And it clicks.
“Not obvious enough, apparently.” Cas grumbles.
Castiel continues to look confused.
“Do you like pie then?”
Jody put her hand on his shoulder comfortingly. “This is Ms. Hanscum. She’s your teacher. I’m sure she’ll help you get settled in.” She gave him an encouraging pat and a nod and smiled to Donna before leaving.
“Nonsense!” Dean exclaims jovially. He's not usually the sort to use words like nonsense, but hell. He's in a good mood, he's having fun, he feels more relaxed than he has in a while. “It’d never be wasting my time.”
Dean watches Castiel sort everything out on his kitchen counter. He pulls out a kitchen scale and puts it in front of Dean. “Would you mind washing up and starting to scale out ingredients?”
“This morning we’re going to start with our spelling.” There was a collective groan. “Yeah, yeah, yeah. It’s still happening.”
“Dean,” Cas says, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Just leave it. Let’s just go.” There’s something in his voice that makes Dean feel uneasy. He can’t pinpoint it right now, but he knows that Uriel is the cause of this and he’s gotta do something about this.
She didn’t like to admit it, but she was happy when she found out that Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak would be in this class. She was able to observe them from a distance for the past couple of years, in the halls and at lunch time, and she was pleased to see that they were still friends and seated right beside each other.
“So, does that mean we can leave early?” Aaron pipes in from the back, hopeful look on his face.
Cas’ head whips up so fast, if Dean hasn't been so preoccupied with processing his shock, he would probably be wondering if Cas for whiplash from that.
“Ho, boy!” Dean exclaims with a wink. “What is the money going to anyway?”
“I'm in a good mood and I'll congratulate you on whatever I feel like,” Dean says audaciously. “How about I help you a bit more closely this turn?”
"Awesome," Dean tells him. "Pecan is a great choice and perfect for the holidays." He puts his hand on Cas's shoulder and sighs dramatically. "I can't believe you want to encroach on my dinner plans though," he teases.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Yes, she does. She has a hard enough time saying her own name, it seemed mean to make her try Castiel instead.”
Dean can feel himself starting to flush at that. He looks up from his shoes to thank the stranger.
Dean’s alone in the dorm room right now and he’s pacing at the moment. “Something doesn’t smell right. The rumours are obviously making their way far, they’re still spreading--I keep hearing new ones. I think it was his last roommate.”
They finished their conversation with plans for next week and Dean hung up, feeling lighter. Yes, it was the end of a relationship, but it wasn’t right, and Dean was done with that. He didn't want to be with Cole. He didn’t want to be with anyone else either: he wanted to be with Castiel, and he could wait for Castiel to be single and ready for Dean.
“No can do, mister,” Ms. Hanscum tsks at Aaron. “Especially with you. I know you're still on thin ice from being caught smoking behind the bleachers two weeks ago by Ms. Mills. You're lucky she only let you go with a warning.”
It might have been about 40 degrees outside, but soon after the doors shut it felt almost tropical. He plucks nervously at his scarf and considers opening his coat just to be able to breathe again.
Dean’s heart starts working again in double time. He can feel the blood rushing to his face and his cheeks flushing immediately. Castiel was looking forward to seeing him
“You’re a real piece of work,” Castiel told him, shaking his head. “Fine, you pest. We find out later on that dragons can transform into people, and it’s almost impossible to tell a dragon from a person. The kingdom has been rounding them up when they find a confirmed dragon and slaughtering them, so the dragons have kidnapped Sam in ransom.”
‘Btw, this is Dean from the bus.’ Send. Phew.
“So tell me what happened,” Jo said after a few spoonfuls.
Poor little Castiel. Donna was right when she pinpointed him as a shy one. He was slow to make friends, would only participate in class if called on, and read quietly by the door at recess. And sue her. She had a soft spot for kids like that.
“Wanna watch
When the movie ended, the girls called it a night. Alex had an early class the next day and Jo had to work.
“On edge”… that could mean drugs. Or is he anxious for the next orgy? Holy shit. Could one of Sam's rumours be true? Dean decides to poke a little deeper.
too.”
Dean’s heart sinks.
Dean can’t help but smile at that. “As long as I bring coffee and donuts again?”
They are amazing creatures.’
Cas had gone to get their shoes and they make it to their lane at the same time, plopping down into some chairs.
Cas goes to the ball return selecting a purple ball with a glitter inlay and Dean eagerly digs into the nachos. It's probably because he's savouring the hot glorious cheese that he misses Cas first bowl. Dean hears the thud of the ball on wood, but it doesn’t sound right. Cas must have not known exactly how hard you have to throw the ball because when Dean looks up from his food, he can see it inching slowly towards the pins.
“Let's keep it down, okay?” she told them. They both nodded and looked back down at their textbooks, giving some semblance of studying. She returned to her desk at the front of the room and looked back at her papers. This wasn’t something she had expected to discover when she read their notes. She had been expecting jokes about butts or boobs or whatever thirteen year old boys talked about.
They were cuddling on the couch watching a nature documentary at Cas’ request. It was nice, but he couldn’t quite seem to get comfortable and Bart had already commented twice on how fidgety he was tonight. “So Dean broke up with his boyfriend, and I’ve felt bad. I like that I’m able to help him take his mind off it, but he seems to be okay,” Cas told Bart.
The bell finally sounds, startling Ms. Hanscum, Charlie and a few others.
“No, they’re not. But they will lead you on to better things.” Jo smiled and left.
Most of the time, though, they drew. They had binders and binders of drawings, all neatly organized in page protectors, wherever they went. When she asked them what they were working on, they cheerfully explained that they were writing their own comic books. Castiel’s Uncle Balthazar had sent them a collection of books that seemed to have been their plot inspiration. They were books on mythology, King Arthur and his knights, European folklore, as well as Asterix and Tin-Tin. Their stories were vivid, full of the kind of adventure and mystery you would expect from ten year old boys and naturally, they were the main characters.
But the stranger didn't continue with it. “So how does the book compare?” he asked instead.
“No problem, I can teach you. Do you want to put the bumpers up too?”
“Now that we're done that unit, we're going to be starting the independent study project.” A loud groan erupted from the class. “You guys always complain, but that doesn't change things. I think you're going to like this one, though. I want everyone to choose their favorite books. You're going to be writing book reports.” A louder groan. “Really? You're choosing your favourite book.” Pause. “I guess you guys can see right through me, huh? There is more to it. You’re working in pairs and your partner has to read your favourite book.” She heard a shocked WHAT? from somewhere in the back of the room. She couldn’t help but roll her eyes a bit before she continued. “Reports will be in the same format as last time, but two pages instead of five because…you and your partner will be discussing your favourite scenes from both books and choosing one to turn into a diorama.” A few faces perked up at the new information. “See, I thought you’d like that a bit more. One last surprise, though…I’m choosing partners.” More groans, of course, that she ignored as she started reading names off her list.
Dean shrugs. That's how he figured the night would go anyway. He takes his turn--getting a spare, thank you very much--while Cas watches and snacks and he decides this just isn't right. How have they been bowling without beer? So while Cas is up, Dean heads to the bar armed with little more than his give ‘em hell attitude (and definitely not a valid piece of ID) and he leaves with two pitchers.
Dean tries so hard to hold it in. But he just can’t.
Dean can totally play it cool.
“Oh! Sorry! Can I help you?” she asks Dean.
“Of course,” Cas told him, “I had to make sure you got your payment.” He reached into his pocket again and pulled out a twenty dollar bill and handed it over. “Besides, I’ve never been happier to lose a bet.”
“Hard pass,” Cas said flatly.
“What the…?” Uriel mumbles from the floor. It’s been a long time since Dean’s decked someone, let alone hard enough to knock them to the ground.
“Well, that’s for you to know only,” Dean says in a fake whisper with a wink.
“You volunteering?” Dean waggled his eyebrows again.
“My name is Castiel.” Dean has definitely never heard that name before. It’s unique and Dean really likes the way it rolls off
Over his own laughter he can hear Cas’. He doesn't think he's heard anything more lovely than that. And Dean never uses words like
“Dean, stop being so mean to Jo,” Alex scolded, while gracefully sitting herself down in Jo’s newly vacated seat, setting the popcorn on the coffee table. “She’s trying to make you social, and have more than us and your boyfriend. Where is Cole anyway?” she asked.
“Oh yeah? What's got you
“Maybe,” Castiel said with a smile.
bleeding, it's just a scrape really, and it was only one punch.
“Me too. I’m Dean.”
“You hoped I would wind up a physical therapist for sports injuries?” Dean asked, confused.
“Maybe not specifically that, but I'd hoped you would be helping people. You always cared so deeply for others, I couldn't see you doing something selfish,” Castiel told him solemnly.
Castiel blushed. “I like being your friend,” he said shyly.
Cas raises an eyebrow at him. “You just want me to make you pie, don’t you?”
You can find me on Tumblr wasting my life
When Dean wakes up he’s alone. He stretches his arms and legs and back, getting as many cricks and cracks out as he can before flipping to face the other side of the bed. It’s cold. He’s tempted to burrow back into his blankets but he can hear the clanging in the kitchen so he knows he’s the last one awake.
“Well, it’d be silly to not be a little worried at least,” Charlie reasons. “Please keep going!” Charlie hasn’t even noticed that she hasn’t checked the clock the whole time Donna’s been speaking.
Cas’ smile lights up his entire face as he nods. They lean into each other and their lips touch tentatively. It's chaste, and they're both shy now, but Dean still hears his pulse in his ears and his cheeks are hot. He’s never kissed another man before and he would have guessed the stubble would be strange, but he’s intoxicated by the scrape of it against his own. They pull apart slowly, eyes fluttering open and lock on each other and smile in unison. Dean feels so blissful.
Castiel gaped at her. “How could you possibly know that?” he asked.
Dean lays back on his couch, absentmindedly drumming his fingers against his phone. He’s only asking someone for a coffee. It’s not a marriage proposal. Why is this psyching him out so badly? Why is he thinking about
Potentially ruining his relationship with his best friend. The person he’s closest to. The person he knows best. The person that knows him best.
Dean is done work at six, so they make plans for Castiel to come to the garage to meet him. His heart rate is finally able to return to normal for the first time all evening.
“Me too, man. So what about you? Will you start bringing ladies back now? Should we stick to the sock on the door handle? It's a classic for a reason.”
And she could overlook them passing notes back and forth as long as they were doing it quietly.
“They're beautiful. Are you sure you've never done this before?” Cas teases.
“Yeah, I do.” Cas’ hand finds Dean's and he tangles their fingers together. And Dean's stomach flutters. He can't even remember the last time he's felt giddy like this. Definitely gotta stop watching chick flicks in secret. But that's for later. Right now…
Dean gets in behind Cas and begins to move Cas’ arm for him in a swinging motion. “Let's get you loosened up first. You're all tense.” Cas raises an eyebrow at that. “Not like that. No wonder you keep getting gutter balls. It's where your mind is.”
“Ugh. Don’t call me dear!” Cas says clearly now that he’s turned his face.
“I thought you said he'd be gone until four,” Stephanie says sourly, adjusting her clothing.
“Like what?” Dean can't help but be intrigued. He's only spent a fraction of a minute with Castiel, but what could he possibly have done to make someone run away?
They both emerge from the bus, cold air chilling Dean rapidly. He hasn’t yet had the chance to do his coat back up or put his scarf back on.
“Mythological creatures?”
“I dunno yet. I haven't thought about it for a while. You and me have been spending so much time together, haven't had much chance.” Cas starts to talk when Dean realizes how that might be interpreted negatively. “But not that that's a bad thing!” he corrects. “We have fun together.”
“What about Uriel though?” Dean can’t help but ask.
Now that he is more at ease with what he's working on, Dean allows himself the chance to look around Cas’ kitchen.
“And even if we can’t hang out, we can still talk on the phone.” Castiel leaned over and pecked Bartholomew on the cheek. “It’ll be okay.”
“Hey man,” Dean claps Castiel on his shoulder. “I was on the dorm waitlist since the semester started. I’ve spent the last month on a couch, so I’m just happy to have a bed of my own for a change. A bit of gossip isn’t enough to scare me off.”
“Hey Cas, how’s it--oh, fuck.” He. He just. His brain stops.
He walks towards the back of the library in search of this other desk. The path is slightly winding with all of the book shelves, but he is able to find it. And of course there isn’t anyone there. Dean walks around the desk and sits himself down on the computer chair. He puts the coffee and donuts down and reclines back as far as the chair will go, hands behind his head. This desk is in a great spot to lean back like this. There is a skylight just above the desk. It’s a clear night and the stars are out. He lets his mind wander for a little while.
Cas had a guy in their room. And they weren't just hanging out. Cas had been on top of him, thick thighs straddling the guy's lap, Dean fairly certain he even saw the slow rocking of hips. And his hands. Dean couldn't see his hands, they were so far up the stranger's shirt, not even taking the time to ruck it up properly. Well. At least, one hand was up his shirt. Dean couldn't see where the other one was.
It was Saturday night and Dean and Cas were in front of the TV, Dr. Sexy marathon in progress on channel 35. Castiel had never seen it before, which Dean thought was an absolute crime, so he'd been showing him the best episodes over the past few weeks. It was at a commercial when Dean broke their comfortable silence.
“Morning,” he says to Cas’ shut eyes. Cas just squints in the light.
Castiel looks at him like he's ridiculous, and maybe he is a bit, but the mood lightens. “Are you confusing real life with a movie? Should I be concerned about this? You were concerned about my illegal activities, so I feel I should be concerned for your mental well being, in turn.”
To the rest of the class, Dean might have seemed to not take it seriously (he had a hard time sitting in lecture halls for long periods of time), but Jo, Alex, and Cole knew exactly how important completing this program and getting his degree was. It had come out drunkenly one night that Dean's uncle Bobby had loaned the money to him to pay for his tuition, to be paid back TBD with no interest. Jo and Alex had never seen Dean cry, but they thought this occasion may have been the closest. Though now, they just felt mean when teasing Dean about his organization (they may have seen his colour-coded planner once) and how he liked handing in assignments ahead of time.
The show had only been on for all of five minutes before she had a hand on his thigh, inching higher up by the second. It didn't take much more convincing before Dean had her on her back, kissing furiously, his hands roaming under her shirt and hers dragging down his back. Her soft moans prompted him lower and he gripped her hips tight before starting under her skirt. He was just about to get to the really fun part when he heard the door being unlocked.
Dean starts talking about his baby. He can do that. He could talk about her all day. And the man is listening intently, asking questions where appropriate.
When the bell rang and the class ended, the students filed out to leave and it is Dean and Castiel that were first out of there.
“Eleanor. Yes, I had, but Dean stopped by with coffee for me. It would have been rude to send him away.”
So instead, he smiles at Sam before turning to Dean and taking his hand. Miracle nudges at his ankles looking for attention and he'll be sure to give her plenty soon.
“So Frank, Joe, and their dad learn that the thieves are targeting the DeGraw collection and will rob six more museums so they stand guard at one of the museums, but when the thieves show up, they use sleeping gas and knock them out.”
Sam and Dean look around.
Dean did most of the talking, starting with a description of the scene. He pointed to the bottom of the diorama when he told the class about how the characters struggled in the vines until Hermione remembered they had to stay calm and still to be released, which is why she got free first.
“So what made you feel so sentimental the other day?” Cas can’t help but ask.
“Yes,” he said, but paused a moment to think before he continued. “Sort of. The last time he suggested a time, I already had plans with Dean. I didn’t want to cancel on him.” Cas frowned.
Sam realizes what he's revealed by accident, alarm in his eyes as he looks at Castiel for his reaction. Castiel's eyes are just as wide in surprise.
He knew there was nothing, no spark, no butterflies. And maybe he had been watching too much Dr. Sexy (is that possible?), but that was not what he wanted in a relationship.
“You’re going to be okay, Cas,” she told him on her way out.
“Jess? Jess doesn't count as
They stand there smiling at each other.
“Oh, I know. You seem to be less of a little shit now, though. Maybe you don’t need a babysitter present anymore.”
“Lazy, lazy, lazy,” Dean tsks.
Victor jogged over. “’Course! But are you going to be on my team or Losechester’s team? That’s the only real question here,” he said welcomingly, giving Casiel a light punch to the shoulder.
Dean finally spins and leaves, taking wider strides than usual or else he’ll never get out of there.
“That’s okay, it’s not important. But hey! You’re awake! I brought you coffee.”
“Okay, come on! Let's go kick his ass!” Victor said, still laughing, and raised his hand for a high five. Castiel returned it with a grin. Donna rolled her eyes at their tomfoolery and the cuss, but she could let one swear word go this time. The kids took off flying towards the field to start the game and she kept walking the perimeter.
“Yeah. Have a good night.”
“So I shouldn’t be jealous?” Bartholomew asked, eyebrow raised high. He unwrapped his scarf and shrugged out of his coat.
Hood jerkily turns around as the bus continues to bump and shake.
Dean had not been expecting that to happen. At all. He pulled back sharply. “Okay, but that's not going to help us get work done,” Dean told him.
“Sounds like you've got some good causes there, Cas.”
Castiel might have not even noticed the imbalance of his time if Bart hadn't brought it up himself.
God, he did have some amazing friends.
“Cas,” Dean said to him, completely serious, “Of course you can. You’re my friend. I know you’ll take care of it because it’s important.”
“What did everyone do this weekend? Anything exciting?” she asked them. Three hands shot up right away. “Okay…How about you, Asa?”
Cas hesitated, taking his time to sit down as well. “Well, um, Bart broke up with me.”
“You’re not supposed to be sitting there.”
“Yes. Will that be a problem?” Dean looks Cas over. He looks defiant, but also like a lost child.
“But Cas--”
Sam throws his hands up in defence. “Hey! I’m not saying I believe these rumours. I’m just telling you what Jess told me.”
“I should probably tell you right about now that I don’t really bake. I barely cook. And I've never followed a recipe. I do make a mean burger, but I took years getting it just right…” He trails off when he makes eye contact with Cas who is watching him ramble. Dean just can't figure out what it is about Castiel that makes him ramble so often. What is it that makes him want to tell him everything?
It was really the first time Donna had seen Castiel at recess with a friend, not a book (though she would normally be excited to see kids reading for fun. That was not a weak spot for Castiel, really), and her heart soared.
Dean just rolls his eyes. "Yes, please tell me."
“‘Cause you’re not Cas,” she responds primly.
“We gotta find out who this guy is.”
“Listen,” Cole started. Dean already knew where this was going after studying with him in the past. “We've been at this for a while now. Wanna get a snack or something? Drink? Dinner?”
Cas still gives him a funny look, but doesn't stop Dean when he also stands for Cas’ turn. Cas stands a few steps behind the line again, ball in hand and gets ready to launch. Dean observes Cas’ form.
“You got me there,” Jody grins. “But can we go now? The last hour of the day inched by and, not to jinx it, but I'm ahead on all my paperwork right now.”
“Me? What about you?”
The minutes trickle by and Dean is stuck in a hot mess of strangers touching him and sweat running down his back. He cannot wait for the Impala to be fixed. Dean returns to his thoughts and tries to only occasionally glance at the handsome man.
Dean wished he hadn’t been in such a rush to get off the bus yesterday. He definitely wouldn’t have kicked that laptop bag. What a first impression that is.
“Oh, Castiel. You just do it to yourself.”
“Now for the dry ingredients,” Cas says, leaning on the counter in front of the mixer, going over the recipe.
Ms. Hanscum gives a small, confused frown, “Ship? What on Earth does that mean?”
Krissy jumps at her name and looks up, red in the face. “Sorry, Ms. Hanscum,” she says meekly, as she slips her phone into her backpack.
They never established what exactly their relationship was, but if Dean had to categorize it, he'd say “friends with benefits” was closest. The most they had discussed was that they were exclusive and that Cole couldn’t always use making out as a way to get out of work. Just some of the time.
Thirty minutes wouldn't throw off his weekly schedule…
Jo and Dean were sitting on the loveseat in front of the TV. Alex was in the kitchen making some popcorn, watching Dean and Jo bicker over the island counter that separated the two rooms. Tonight they were at Dean's apartment. He lived alone in a sparsely decorated one-bedroom apartment. He had never been one for knick-knacks, but his walls were covered in posters. Movies, bands, TV shows, he had them all. At his favourite comic book store, he was able to find extra large prints of his favourites. And who needed to paint when you could tack up a poster? He didn't have much in terms of furniture, but he had enough to fill the small space and seat the three of them comfortably when they marathoned movies, though one of them usually wound up on the floor with the pillows from his bed.
Dean couldn’t help himself from asking. “So when does Prince Dean meet Castiel?”
“Yikes. I was just reflecting on some stuff. I told the kids about Dean and Cas and their grand love story today. I musta lost track of the time.”
“That’s so sweet,” Charlie sighs happily.
“It's been fifteen minutes, bucko. Let's get more than 'opening the textbook’ done and we can think about it.”
"I will do that the next time I intend to bake you a surprise," Cas deadpans.
“Okay, bye then.” Dean sighed in relief. He knew he should probably feel worse about being so indifferent to his not-a-boyfriend's interests or even that Cole didn't make any effort to make plans to see each other soon, but he was just still on Cloud Nine having Cas back in his life.
“Well, Dean. Don't keep us waiting. Why don't you share with the class what's so funny?’ she asked him.
“What? Who?” he demanded. “I thought it was just us hanging out because we’ve all been so busy lately.”
His phone chirps again.
Dean thinks about it for a moment. “I dunno just yet. I'll figure it out.”
Dean sneezes.
“It’s all body language. Bart might not be able to understand it, but even he could tell. You’ve been so different since you met Dean. It’s like someone turned on a light inside of you. You’re not the Castiel we knew before,” she explained.
“And we stay friends forever, because I still need Cas’ help.”
“Can I help you?” the boy asks.
“Hey! You actually did have to go to the library!” Dean exclaims in greeting.
‘5:30. What about you?’
“I’m not so sure about that,” Dean told him, “I don’t think I coulda waited that long.”
“Are you going to start calling me ‘Cas’ too? Only Bethany calls me that.” Castiel pauses and looks thoughtful. “I suppose that would be okay if you did too.”
Castiel sighed and said, “Bart’s been complaining lately that I spend all my time with Dean, but I can’t see Bart. Our schedules are just out of sync, but we knew that going into this semester. With his part-time job, we see each other maybe every three weeks. It’s putting a strain on the relationship, but…I don’t know how to make it better other than, I don’t know, just waiting it out.”
He doesn’t have to wait very long that morning at least. As Dean approached the bus stop, he could hear it in the distance.
Dean continued to scroll on the website, looking at it in awe. “And it’s all because of our drawings as kids. I’m going to read everything you’ve got posted tonight. I’m excited to see what else you’ve changed.”
“Make what count?” Dean asked, confused.
Dean can’t help but roll his eyes. “It’s true. We just balance the world.” Cas smiles widely.
“Of course, we are!” Dean said, just as surprised. “Just like Harry and Ron! You're Harry because you're the new kid and I'm Ron because I'm showing you around. And I have a brother.”
Dean has been tense all day. Every time someone approached him he has jumped. He can not figure out for the life of him why he’s so nervous. They’re only getting coffee. It’s not like they’re getting
“Alright, babe. I'll see ya then. Later.” Click.
“Is this one of those times where if you don't laugh, you'll cry?” Dean half jokingly asks.
Castiel might have left out the part where he wasn't paying complete attention at the beginning of their call because he was messaging Dean, but Bartholomew sometimes seemed to have a sixth sense about things. “So, how's Dean?”
“Look at the centre pin. You want to try and knock that one over. At the very least, you'll knock the most over that way.”
“So…” Dean starts slowly. “Who was that?”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “You’re being dramatic again, Bart. He was never my boyfriend. We were just best friends. And we were children. Besides,” Cas stepped into Bart’s personal space, hands on his chest, and gave him a quick peck on his mouth, “you are my boyfriend and I’m telling you, there’s no reason to be jealous.”
“See you soon, Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, you asked me if he tricked me because you couldn’t see it happening any other way.”
Donna regretted asking him to do that almost immediately. He walked over to her desk at the front of the room, but she could see the way his features pinched at the question. Oh, he’s a shy one, she thought.
Dean checks the message.
“Cassie, it's been forever since I last saw you,” he whined on the phone.
Dean feels his phone vibrate in his pocket and pulls it out. It's a text from Charlie. He’s long since believed that Charlie is a magical being, but this really cements it.
Cas laughs at Dean. “Well, I was going to make two apple, obviously because it’s a classic, one to sell in slices and the other to sell whole, and the third would be blueberry, because I make the best blueberry pies.”
“Oh, totally,” Jo agreed.
“What time should I pick you up at?”
“Hello?” comes a third voice.
“And why's he such a dick?”
It turns out that Castiel lives very near to Dean -- it would only take ten minutes to walk to each other’s home. “It’s wouldn’t be out of my way,” Dean insists, barely even blushing while he tries to not make it seem like a Big Deal. “And our schedules are almost the same.” They decide, mostly Dean, that Dean would pick up Cas to carpool.
“Ellie! Don’t you have things to do? Over there?” He vaguely points to his left.
“Very much so, I’m very offended,” she teased. “Of course not! Text him now. I’ll clean up.” He nodded and went for his phone. He sent off a quick text asking Dean if he was free to come over now. By the time Dean replied saying he could be over in an hour, Jo had put all the ice cream away.
Dean already doesn’t like him. His buzz evaporates instantly and moves in between the two men and tries his best to be intimidating, drawing himself up to his full height and squaring his shoulders. “Listen, Chuckles. Show’s over. Time to move on.”
Cas scowled. “You’re smiling at my sad news?” Dean sputtered, but Cas laughed. “I’m kidding, I knew it wasn’t going to work with him. I just…wanted to let it run its course, I suppose.”
“I've never gone bowling before. Is it hard?” Cas asks, lacing up his borrowed shoes.
“Not even one?”
“Then, you raise the ball behind you and really swing it down the lane while you step forward. Don't pass the line though. We can work on aiming after you get the right amount of speed. Got it?”
Cas gives him a look and Dean shrugs. “Now we've got you off to a good start,” is all he says. “You have one more turn, then you can have some victory nachos.”
“And you love books,” Dean added jokingly. “More than me even.”
“I don't think that will be necessary for me, Dean.”
“Hmm,” Alex said as she considered what Cas just said. “That sounds kind of, well, romantic, don’t you think?”
“Whoa,” Dean said when Castiel finished the passage. “Just POW, KO’d from a club to the head.”
They've been living together for nearly four weeks now. Cas is great to live with. He's quiet, tidy, and keeps to himself most of the time. Dean can usually get him talking and they fall into easy conversation. Dean still doesn't know why Castiel’s last roommate left and Cas avoids that topic like the plague.
Donna let them keep the notes and Castiel scooped them all up and slipped them into his backpack.
“They’re not a requirement. More of an added bonus.”
Dean was reluctant. He had been really focused on school lately. When was the last time he'd just had some fun? On the other hand, he needed to do well in school to get a good job, and pay back Bobby as soon as possible (and then some), and help Sam get through school, too…
Cas looks at the can in his hands.
Dean stresses in his head.
Cole looked at him with warm, inviting eyes.
or anything.
You can find me on Tumblr wasting my life
“He's good. I let him take a look at my work from the last few years the other day.”
“So you were getting very introspective the other day. Hmm, does that mean you were listening to Taylor Swift again?” Cas teases.
“I--what?” Dean looks at his fist. It’s not
Dean pulls on his robe. "Don't give me that look," he tells her. "That's for slobbering in my ears." He turns to the door and catches a whiff of something delicious so he follows his nose to the kitchen, Miracle by his side.
response to Castiel.
“That's quite the reaction,” Dean simply states, hoping that Castiel will fill in the blanks.
And rubs his face on Dean's shirt.
“Dean, no!”
“I’m your new roommate.”
As the bus starts to move Dean settles into his little corner, already absorbing the heat of the bus. Everyone seems to be wearing bigger and puffier coats than before. Sure, it’s colder out today, but is it really necessary? Really? The person in front of him seems to have the biggest hood Dean has ever seen. Why does this person even still have a hood on? The inside of this bus feels like a sweltering 90 degrees. Dean feels his temperature rise just thinking about all the layers this person must be wearing.
“I just like working with my hands.” Dean shrugged.
“And that’s as much of the story I can tell you,” Ms. Hanscum tells the class.
Cas leans in again. They can figure out the rest later. There are more important things to deal with for now.
Cas looks vaguely concerned at that. “Oh no, you don't have to worry about me. I'm content scoring zero. I really just wanted nachos. Don't waste your time on me.”
“Listen, I’m really sorry for the past few days. Kicking your laptop, then hitting you in the face… ” Dean rubs the back of his head as he trails off.
Castiel was genuinely confused and asked, “No? Why should you be jealous of all things?” This was the first time in three weeks they were in the same room. Bartholomew had just walked in the door for movie night, and this is what they were spending time talking about?
Dean looks up at the warm smile Castiel is giving him. He can feel the rest of his nerves evaporate and he returns the smile. There is no way to think ‘he wants me to visit him’ without sounding like a lovesick teenage girl.
"You know I'll never say no to something baked,” Dean tells him matter of factly. "I'll be sure to keep that in mind."
“Sorry about that, Dean. I hope she didn’t bother you. Bethany is here all the time. She seems to like me and have issues with sharing,” Castiel explains.
Well. Maybe not quite as much.
When Ms. Hanscum returns to the class, she has Ms. Alex Jones in tow. Ms. Jones is a student teacher that’s been shadowing the cantankerous Mr. Devereaux with aspirations to teach history one day, and fortunately, he’s okay with Donna stealing Alex away. Grudgingly okay. Once Donna had told Alex what she was dragging her away for, Alex is thrilled. Dean and Cas are good friends of hers and she loves the opportunity to tell others of their love story.
It was months before Dean seemed to get back to being normal again, though Donna was not sure what normal meant without Castiel anymore. He spent time with Victor and the boys on the soccer team but she never saw him drawing anymore and it upset her greatly. She couldn’t help but hope he was still working in private and hadn’t just stopped completely.
“Well, I’m not so sure. There’s still time.” There was a degree of conviction in his tone that threw Cas off for a moment.
Cas gasps, not picking up on the joke. He raises both hands and takes Dean's hand from his shoulder to hold it. "Dean, I would never want to infringe on that. This is merely to supplement what you have planned. If you even want to share at all," he explains in complete earnestness.
Dean shrugs. “Karma probably?”
Cas sighs. “I'm not sure I like this game.”
Ms. Hanscum startles at the sudden sound, but bursts into laughter, “I know whatcha mean. Usually, I can tune it out when I'm working on essays, but I'm ready for break to start, too.”
“How about you just tell me the twist then? I’ll call it even then.”
“Okay, that's it. Enough of this garbage. Let's watch something else.” He picked up the controller and went back to Netflix's main menu.
So loudly. Three people look up at him. One glares and pulls her scarf up to cover her nose and mouth like he’s contagious.
It's Friday night. There are three more days until Charlie can hack the dorm’s records for him. He is doing really well when it comes to not thinking about that or catching Cas with that guy, “Balthazar” Cas had called him. When he'd finally returned to the room that night, Cas had apologised profusely and he knew that they had never finalised the sock on the doorknob thing, but Cas hoped Dean would see it and not come in, but it's okay because they just laughed it off and Dean felt sick. He'd told Cas that it was fine and laughed along stiffly in all the right spots.
“How do you know that?”
“And then we wouldn't have to share the same copy.”
“I don’t want to, but I will for coffee,” he says, as he moves to an upright position.
“There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, like knocking out a twelve-foot troll is one of them.”
“He’s in your chair! That’s YOUR chair.”
Aaron groans in response. “You know about that?”
"Well, you're about to be cooking all day so I wanted to get your gift in the oven before you need it," he tells Dean.
“You do?” And as much as Dean tries not to sound small by asking it, and he'd deny it forever if anyone asked, it's the smallest he's ever felt.
“Those definitely sound like fancy donuts. Were those all actually donuts?”
again? We could find you
Castiel turns back to his books. “So far? Nothing that’s actually true.”
“Hmmm…. Maybe. I’ll go find mommy now.” And with that Bethany scampers off around the desk.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Are rumours ever about good things? And with the way you're acting, I know they're not.”
“The quiet ones will always surprise you, Sammy. I mean,
“Now that is a real shame there, Cas. You gotta at least tell me what kind of pie you were going to make.” Dean is almost bouncing in excitement at the mere thought of homemade pie, his mouth already watering.
“Why didn't you tell me?” Dean can’t help but ask instead of arguing.
Dean finished off his beer and stood to get another one. He could at least admit to himself that he was excited to get into all the chips this stranger brought. He turned to peek at this new guy on his way to the kitchen and he felt his heart stop.
Cas cuts him off mid ramble. “Stop that. I've heard you mother hen Sam over the phone and you're trying to do that to me now too. This
, giggling at funny passages they made sure the other didn't miss, sometimes reading them aloud to each other while their classmates did the same.
And surprisingly, Dean does feel more at ease.
“Shut up, Sammy. He looks adorable.”
Dean was simply ecstatic to hear this news. “Really? Because of that? That's amazing, Cas! Really, it is. You were always better at drawing than me, so it makes sense.” He could feel himself rambling, but wow!
Bart stood in frustration and started pacing. “Because you talk about him like you’re in love with him or something. You don’t make any effort with me anymore and all your time is spent with Dean.” Castiel didn’t know what to say and Bart took it as a chance to continue. “I know we’ve both been busy, but you never call me or message me anymore, it’s always me reaching for you.”
“I think I need a Game of Thrones break,” he says in greeting.
“Is that so?” Cas laughs at him. “That just won't do.” Cas pulls Dean in close.
It was two weeks before she had an opportunity to really help out.
“What’s the last book you read?”
“And in the end, I show Dean how to do magic, too, and he uses it to become the best King ever.”
“You gotta give it more of a chance than that, man. Look, I'll show you how.” He stands back up and heads to Cas. “Did you like the weight of that ball? Was it too heavy? Too light?” Cas looks confused and shrugs. “Okay, keep using that one for now and we can get you a new one if it’s not working for you.”
“Well, are you sure you're not a pimp?” Dean can’t help but tease. Castiel gives him a Look. Hey, look, he's learning so much about Castiel already.
Cas is nervous now that Sam is out of the room and Dean turns to him expectantly. "So what's the verdict, sweetheart? Do you want my help or should I hit the road?"
“Yeah, but are you sure sure? In this one movie, the guy was a pimp and he didn't even know it,” Dean excitedly starts to tell him. “He thought he was just helping a friend with protection for her dating service. Are you protecting a friend, Cas?”
Cas sets Dean up at one end of the counter. He is surrounded by bags of flour, sugar, cocoa powder, and other ingredients that he definitely needs to read the labels of before grabbing. Castiel is at the other end of the counter pulling out everything else they will need for their baking marathon.
“Cas?”
Dean can't help but laugh at the view. “You look like you aged fifty years!”
From her desk, she could see Dean and Cas reading from the same book,
After a healthy swig, Cas says, “Well, I do love you. Do I need to remind you of that?”
“I’m a wizard and I can teleport and cast spells,” Castiel showed her excitedly when she asked. The page he had flipped to showed a boy in a black cape with stars over it. He was holding a wand with a bright blue light coming from it. “And lightning. I can make lightning, too,” he added to explain the drawing.
When Cas headed home for the evening, it was with Dean's number in his phone and firm plans to see each other again in a few days.
It's not beta'd, but I went over it a handful of times. Any remaining errors are all my fault!
Castiel smiled a little bashfully, hand coming up to rub the back of his neck. “It's uh, actually because of the comics we used to draw as kids. I kept it up after then. Being able to draw helped me through all those hard teenage years,” he ended with a small laugh.
Instead he gets out of bed and makes coffee. When he returns, it’s with two steaming cups. Cas has rolled over and taken all the blankets like a burrito. He sets the mugs down and gets back on the bed, too. He wraps his arms around his burritoed husband. “Good morning!” he says, rocking Cas back and forth gently but just enough to bug Cas awake. “Nooo,” Cas says into his pillow.
“What do we do? I guess I have to throw it harder…” Cas trails off and Dean can't help but laugh at him. Cas only glares at him.
“I can’t remember the last time I came to a library,” he lets slip out.
“No, I don’t miss him,” Cas concluded. “And I feel bad for admitting it, but I don’t. I should miss my boyfriend, shouldn’t I?”
“Donna, what're you still doing in here?”
Dean opens the door to his new dorm room. He's already relieved because this room is missing the danky smell of pot and old socks. Sam pushes past him, heavy box in hand. “Get out of my way, Dean. You can't make me carry the heavy boxes, then block the door.”
“Nah, I'm sure you'll pick it up in no time. How about you go first. It's easy.”
“I was sad for that year to end,” Ms. Hanscum tells the class. “Even thinking back on it now, the way their friendship flourished…It can still bring a smile to my face, twenty years later,” she sighs in recollection. “And it reminds me of why I became a teacher.”
“I'm past crying over this, Dean,” Cas says firmly. “I want to forget about Uriel entirely. Granted he's not making it easy, but I'm trying.”
“Why's that?”
"Why does he need to do this now?" Dean asks, confused.
“I know. Just…break ups are never easy. Even when you knew the relationship wasn’t going anywhere.”
The second hand is clearly moving, but the clock might as well be stopped, it’s going so slowly. The ticking and tocking of the second hand driving her crazy. It’s the last day of classes before spring break and Charlie is fairly confident it might actually be going backwards at this point. The energy in the room is radiating the same restlessness that she’s feeling. Her whole week is planned out (LARPing camping trip next weekend, a truly epic D&D campaign she’s been working on for the last three months, lots and lots of sleep, and best of all, her first date with Dorothy tonight!) and sitting here during this reading period is driving her up the wall. Even Ms. Hanscum, their English teacher, seems to be eager to go. Charlie has seen her glance at the clock over her shoulder several times while grading. Taking a quick look around the room, it doesn't look like anyone is reading like they're supposed to be.
“They're expecting their first child in four months,” Ms Jones gushes, “Jo agreed to be their surrogate.” She turns thoughtful. “I'm not sure she was the best choice though. I've never seen her crabbier than she is right now.”
“It was so cold,” Asa agreed readily, “But we got to see a bear and two foxes, so it was worth it.” He seemed to be finished, so Donna looked for the next student.
They get to Cas’ house after a stop at the grocery store for supplies. While at work, Cas had a chance to carefully select recipes, make a schedule and shopping list. “This is a very exact list, Cas. Three tablespoons of pure vanilla extract?” “I just like knowing exactly how much I need.” Despite Dean playing around with the shopping cart, they work well together, finding everything with ease and check out in no time.
“Just tell us everything,” Alex coaxed as she put her hand on his arm.
‘The evening person has called in sick and I have to stay until 8:30 now.
Dean decides to turn to Sam.
“I do tend to avoid brawls,” Cas says solemnly. “Well, let's go home. I've got some bandages and a bottle of whiskey we can finish.”
They finish the final cupcake just before midnight.
“Do you just want an excuse for me to keep coming back?” Dean shoots Castiel a small smirk. Castiel flushes and takes another bite of donut. Dean is pleased that he can make Castiel just as nervous as he was feeling.
“I do. I worked in a bakery while I was in high school, actually. I learned everything I know from there.”
“Awesome,” Dean says. He looks up at Cas and grins. His once solid black shirt is now speckled with flour making it look like the night sky. It goes all the way down his front, trickling down his jeans. The majority of the flour is on the lower half of Cas’ face, all caught in his stubble, and his shoulders.
of all things? He’s only been thinking about Castiel all day, with his blue eyes and scruffy good looks. Normal things.
This took way too long and I'm sorry for that! On the other hand, I have most of the next chapter written, so it shouldn't be too long for the next update!
.” Dean wags his eyebrows at Sam. “Besides, an orgy sounds like fun, dontcha think?”
"Do you want to tell me now?" Dean counters instead.
Castiel flushes more. “To visit me? You can visit me whenever you’d like, Dean.”
“Plus, Hermione’s flames are pretty cool,” Dean added.
“Don't be ridiculous, it hasn't been that long.” Cas glanced at his calendar. “It's only been…a week and a half.” Okay, that might be a little bit too long. “I'm free tonight,” Castiel offered. “You could come over now.”
“Shoot. What’s the problem?” Jo asked as she paused the show.
Dean's mouth immediately starts to water. Pecan might not be his first favourite flavour, but it's easily second or third (depending on how good the slice of cherry pie in front of him is) and he knows why Cas has chosen pecan: at the end of his Christmas feast are four apple pies he had finished baking the day before.
“We should go,” Cas tells him as Uriel continues to writhe on the floor.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas greeted him with a soft smile.
It was the next day when Dean made his decision official. To be honest, Dean couldn’t even feel bad about it as he dialed Cole’s number.
“Well, Castiel looks like he’d pass out from whiskey vapours. I’m not too worried about him being a problem. Besides, if his last roommate left and he got to keep the room, that means Castiel put in the complaint.”
“We were best friends then,” Dean added, grin wide on his face. “How’ve you been, man?” he held out his hand and Castiel looked at it for a moment before pushing it aside and hugging him instead.
Ms. Hanscum raises an eyebrow. “Why don't I believe that? I told you a story, I think it's only fair you tell me who you ship.”
“Yeah, buddy, I can see that.” The ball continues its snail pace, only making it halfway down the lane veering left before it sinks into the gutter and stops moving altogether. Dean finishes his nacho before he gets up. It’s not like the ball is going anywhere.
“Cas,” Jo said firmly, “That’s just an excuse. If he really wanted to see you, he would see you. There’s always an opportunity. He could come over after work, spend the night at yours, get breakfast. Whatever. You could, too.” He frowned again. “Do you want to make that effort?”
“Okay. It’ll be okay.”
Charlie looks up to Ms. Hanscum, slight confusion apparent in her face, and Donna just smiles at her.
She stays another few minutes to chat before heading back to Mr. Devereaux’s class. They've nearly made it through the day and Charlie is surprised to see there's only two minutes left before the bell.
“See you tomorrow night, Dean.”
“They most certainly are,” Dean answers giddily. He opens the donut box with reverence. Dean carefully tears each donut in half while Castiel brings another chair over and places it beside his own computer chair.
Before heading home for the winter break, Bartholomew complained to Castiel. “We’ll never see each other. Not one of our classes line up!”
Dean’s mouth opened slightly in shock, but it slowly turned into a smile. “That’s too bad. I didn’t even have a chance to meet the guy,” he said mildly.
Cas laughs at Dean’s enthusiasm. “I was planning on making three pies, but that was before Charlie became sick. She was going to be bringing the bulk of the baked goods, but since she can’t do that, I had to revise the plan. Unfortunately, pies are a lot of work for too few pieces and I had to go for quantity.”
Castiel approaches with his bag of sprinkles and drops some on top.
Maybe, if he had’ve taken the bus this morning and seen Castiel, his nerves would be calmed now. The parts he’d needed to repair the Impala had arrived while he was at work yesterday and he’d been able to get her started again with minimal problems. Dean had ignored the sinking feeling in his stomach that morning as he drove past his bus stop.
“Oh?” is all Bartholomew says.
“Just a little,” Castiel replies passing a napkin to Dean.  He adds with a small smirk, “Especially when you can’t drink your coffee.”
Dean felt hot. His cheeks must be so red with embarrassment and he can feel it spreading. The heat is in his chest and making his limbs heavy. It's strange. Even though he knew that Cas was gay, having never seen Cas doing anything even remotely sexual in nature, he'd sort of forgotten that Cas is indeed a sexual being. It's definitely not forgotten now. How could it be when Dean had a front row seat to the Cas Show?
was held slack in his hand while he summarized the story. “You have to finish reading it.”
pie. It’s easily the best thing in the world. Why aren’t we making pie for this bake sale? I’d buy them all from you in a heartbeat!” Dean exclaims.
“Dean, you are actually the least subtle person I know.”
Dean laughs at him. “You wanna sit up for that one, babe?”
“Ah, yes. I'm just a little on edge at the moment.”
, he thinks to himself.
Cas hmms in agreement. “It’s nice to know him again. We’re hanging out on Saturday night.”
? Probably not that high, right? It may be rush hour, but who knows where he was going. Maybe he just had an appointment. Yeah. That’s it.
“That would be perfect. It will give us plenty of time to make up for our shortened night tonight.” Cas grins at Dean and he can feel himself start to flush again. Oh, what he’d give to be able to control that bodily function.
“I'm done with all the measuring. What should I do next?”
“And a horse?”
Dean misses the Impala. It is only day one of public transit and Dean has already had enough. Usually, Dean likes having someone pressed up against him. But not like this. There are five strangers touching him from all different sides. He can feel someone breathing on his neck. Something is stabbing him in the kidney. The little girl in the seat in front of him is rhythmically kicking him in the shins. She could keep time like you would not believe. One day she would probably make an excellent drummer. The sock monkey hat gave her a free pass, in Dean’s opinion.
They get to work pulling out all the ingredients for the filling. Castiel carefully fills the measuring cups and spoons with precision and Dean supervises, answering any questions Cas has. When Cas is done whisking the mixture, he removes his apron revealing his current favourite sweater with a majestic grey wolf on the front and hangs it up. He reaches for the cellophane package of pecan pieces and returns to the counter. Resting his foot on the stool in front of him, his pants pulling tightly against his thigh and he lifts the bag to his mouth and opens the package with his teeth.
Cas leans in the few inches to Dean’s lips and kisses him. His head swims with the booze and the proximity of Dean. They’ve never been quite
Castiel raised an eyebrow. He was usually bad at detecting it, but that sounded like a flirtation.
“Cas, man, you can't just do that. He's gotta be stopped. This is getting out of hand. Sam's girlfriend at another school knew about you. And what if someone takes it too seriously and the chip get involved? That could go on a permanent record. And what if--”
“I'm ridiculous?” Dean points accusingly at Cas. “You're ridiculous!”
“Whatever you say, Dean,” was all Cas passively said. “Are we gonna watch this movie or not?”
You can find me on Tumblr wasting my life
“It’s Sam. And how d’you figure that?” he questions.
“Half the proceeds are going to the library's classes. We have craft classes, computer ones, tutoring, networking… Things like that. The other half with go to the elementary school around the corner. They need some extra funding for their art program.”
Maybe he can go back to sleep, too.
“Nah, man, this is such a great movie--
“Bless you,” Mr. Hood says in a deep rumbly voice.
Stephanie huffs and hops off the bed. “Fine. But this was your only chance and you just ruined it.” Dean just gives her a look while she collects her belongings. “And just so you can spend time with this drug addict? Yeah, okay.” She shoots Cas a glare that would have made most people wither under it, but Cas just blinks blandly at her. Even more upset now, Stephanie slams the door shut on her way out so hard a frame falls off the wall.
“Ah, you must be Dean,” the boy says. “I'm Castiel. Castiel Novak.” He politely sticks his hand out. Dean reaches for it and they exchange smiles.
“Not Bethy. BETHY.”
“Why not?” Dean whined. “You can’t just tell me there’s a twist. I’ll spend the whole time reading it trying to guess what it is!” Castiel shot him a look that plainly said ‘are you serious?’ and Dean shrugged. “I don’t make the rules. I just make sure they’re enforced.”
‘That’s a relief. I thought you were just a wrong number.
“Or, it could just mean it’s not working,” Jo said. “If neither of you are trying very hard to make the time to see each other, maybe neither of you are that into each other.” Cas could feel Alex nodding in agreement.
Dean's taken to listening for the rumours--for science, of course. Some are more tame than others. He's pretty sure he heard something about harvesting organs the other day. He doesn't tell Cas about that one, instead quietly choosing to suggest to the person speaking the gossip, they might find themselves in a bathtub full of ice if they don't stop talking. He doesn't hear that particular rumour again, but he still finds it troubling. He does share the funnier ones he hears though, including the one that speculated that Cas had a plethora of puppies stashed in the room. And if Dean noticed the way Cas’ eyes softened at the thought of puppies, he didn’t mention it.
“I got one!” Cas exclaims. “I actually hit one!”
“Well,” Cas started, “I’m not sure what the problem is exactly.”
Castiel frowns at him and crosses his arms. "I asked you first."
Dean nods in semi understanding. He knows that living with secrets is always a struggle, having to remember exactly what you've told every single person, god forbid they ever met and talk to each other.
Only thirty seconds pass before his phone notifies him of an incoming text.
“Okay, so you gotta take a few steps back,” Dean pulls Cas back by his shoulders a few paces behind the line, “that way you can have some more force behind the ball.” Cas just nods.
“So, what if it doesn’t?” Alex asked. “What if you’re always just excited to see Dean?”
“Dude, she's already more people than you talk to.” Dean grumbles under his breath. “As I was saying, Jess told me she's heard a couple things about Castiel. She's not sure if any are real though.”
I’m so sorry. I was looking forward to seeing you all day.
“Oh really?” Castiel asks him.
“I need some advice from you guys. Relationship advice,” he clarified. As much as he might enjoy spending time with Bart, something had been…off. He knew he could trust Jo to be upfront and Alex to be unbiased.
“They spent the rest of the night talking things out, figuring out where their relationship was going. Dean was never one to talk about feelings, but being friends before helped.”
“You betcha. You think us teachers don't talk about you guys? We know you talk about us, so it's only fair, right? Plus, everyone is talking about that right now. It’ll blow over soon though,” she adds as an afterthought.
“At the time when we started, we were reading the Hardy Boys and Harry Potter, so there were a lot of mysteries and magic with strong friendships. My comic is based on them. You’d know that if you read it...” Cas trailed off, letting the sentence dangle.
Dean stretches when he wakes up. He yawns widely before turning over and burrowing further into the covers. He throws an arm over Cas, who doesn’t budge in the slightest. He can tell it’s still early from the dim sunlight streaming through their bedroom window. He doesn’t need to know the exact time. It’s Saturday and they have no real plans. Dean brushes his lips against Cas’ shoulder and he’s rewarded with a squirm. He kisses again with the same response. Kiss, squirm. Kiss, arm flail. Kiss, little grumble. Kiss, leg twitch. One last kiss gets him a loud annoyed groan.
“Wow, guys! That sounds like a great story you’ve put together!” Donna felt warm inside at how passionate they were about their creation and this time definitely patted herself on the back a little bit for putting them together.
“They definitely were! It was so embarrassing… Can I make it up to you? We can get coffee or something? Especially since you work so nearby.” Dean can feel himself starting to ramble and is ever so grateful when Castiel responds.
“No, but we were talking and I wanted to continue.”
“I haven’t really had much time to read lately, but I think it was American Gods by Neil Gaiman. I don’t know why I told you the author. I’m sure you know him. Who doesn’t?” Damn, Dean feels himself getting rambly again.
Castiel, thankfully, doesn’t seem to mind when Dean rambles. “You should get a library card!” he exclaims. “I could recommend new books for you whenever you come in.”
“Jerk.”
Dean frowned at her. “What, Joanna Beth?”
It's only been a few hours since they were last outside, but with the sun having set, the temperature has dropped considerably. They've both bundled up as much as they can and they're relieved they are so close to home. It gives Dean a bit of time to think about what has just happened and he realizes that Castiel didn't acknowledge or deny that he has a history with Uriel. Could he… could he be the ex-roommate?
“It’s okay, kiddo. You don’t need to be able to explain it.” She put their ice cream and spoons down and pulled him into a hug. Jo could be rough at times, but she knew when to be soft. “I think right now, you should think about what you want. What do you want, Castiel?”
“Dean, he looks shady. His earlier roommate ran away.”
Castiel took over and told the class about the materials they used to make the vines of the plant (green wire and yarn) and that Dean made Fluffy out of plasticine and he made Harry, Ron, and Hermione out of cardboard and construction paper. Dean picked up again and told them they chose the scene because they liked how a plant tricked them, and that they needed to calm down to get free.
“Yes! That. Does seven work for you?”
“I was wondering something,” Dean started.
“Are you going to complain or are you going to kiss me again?” Dean asks with a wink.
know for sure where he stood with Dean. Though he didn’t want to lose Dean and their precious friendship, he also didn’t know how to keep living with the longing that came with spending time with Dean. Being around Dean, as fun as it was, was starting to take its toll on Castiel. There was an emptiness in him that was only accentuated every moment they spent time together. It seems his mouth had decided for him just now. It was finally time to find out.
“Do you want to go out tonight instead? I'd like to do something, get moving.”
Cas takes another sip of his coffee, watching Dean affectionately over the rim of the mug. “It is a day to celebrate. It’s sweet that you thought of this...If only everyone knew what a secret sap you are,” he laughs.
Friendship had come easily to them after that.
Cas leans over his shoulder and points. “Number three. I performed the blind bake before you got up. I was hoping to get the pie in the oven before you woke up."
“And… it's done!” Dean throws down his piping bag with a flourish.
“Maybe you’re not less of a little shit…” Castiel contemplated. “I guess you will forever need a babysitter.”
‘Whats with the bee?’
“Oh my god, you two already know each other?” Jo asked. “And after all that whining…” Alex peeked around the corner to see what the commotion was.
Dean can’t help but wonder.
“You should just read it yourself,” Cas laughed. “Castiel notices him as he’s leaving the Kingdom. He tries to stop the Prince, but ends up tagging along to make sure he stays safe.”
“It's like they haven't heard that you're not supported to get high on your own supply,” Dean adds.
Cas scrunches his nose. “I'm not a big fan of beer.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone processed what Dean had just done, before Victor, Castiel, and the other kids nearby burst into laughter.
“Did you know the kids talk about us sometimes? Charlie Bradbury thinks we're a couple or at least wants us to be. They call it ‘shipping.’”
They manage to get Dean's belongings unpacked without further discussion of what Castiel’s potential pastimes are. They head out for dinner before Sam catches a bus home for the evening. Dean can see on Sam’s face that he wants to warn him one last time, but he's relieved that Sam contains it.
“I am ready for this,” Alex said as she crowded in close and shot Jo a knowing look.
Sam thinks about it for a moment before he responds. “Well, I think we should get Charlie involved. I bet she could hack into your residence's computers and pull the files.” Dean kicks himself for not thinking of that. He's a big brother. He had to harass Sam first.
, Dean.”
Dean and Castiel turn to the new voice. There is a stern looking woman in front of Castiel’s desk. “I thought you had taken your break already,” she says firmly while crossing her arms.
Cas laughed and said, “Yes, I do remember. I still think I’m going to win.” He glanced at Dean and was confused to see that he looked almost disappointed to hear that. He recovered and grinned up at Cas.
“Well, yeah,” Dean scoffs. “You're gonna grow taller than me, you're gonna be put to work.” Sam only scoffs in return and dumps the box on the empty bed.
“Dean? My professor threw up so class ended early! Can we keep watching--Oh.”
Jo was there in 18 minutes with five tubs of expensive, name-brand ice cream—not that he was counting the minutes.
They normally had history right now with Mr. Devereaux, who could make anything in the textbook a hundred times more interesting, but he was off sick today. You knew it must be really bad if he didn’t come in on a school day. It was a particularly slow class today.
“I think it's sweet,” Donna tells her.
“I don’t have the same kind of history with you two, though,” he reasoned. “It feels like, like I’ve found my favourite childhood book and I’m rereading it after all this time, and it’s just as amazing as the first time.” He glanced between the two women and saw twin looks of surprise on their faces.
“It’s like tag, but you get to kick a ball with your friends,” he explained.
If only the axle on the Impala hadn’t cracked last night. It had been dark and Dean had misjudged the size of the pothole. He hadn’t avoided it and the clicking that started after the bump made him check when he go home. Definitely cracked. He’d hopped online and made a few calls and replacement parts were on their way, but he’d have to brave the bus for the next few days until they arrived.
Dean brightens under his false optimism and almost bounces to the bus stop. There’s no need to be embarrassed because he was clumsy yesterday. He’ll never see that guy ever again. What are the odds?
. He's only just realized it and he's already said it. Guess that won't be a secret anymore. He doesn't even think he can blame it on booze anymore seeing as he doesn't feel even remotely drunk anymore. He could probably play it off as liking as a friend, but the seconds are ticking by leaving the statement dangling between them longer and longer and you know what?
“I have to weigh everything?” Dean asks.
“Which do you want to try first?” Dean asks. “I think you’d like hot chocolate.”
And it was definitely why she thought he’d be good with Castiel.
“Why are you so interested in this?”
He’s spending his Friday night with his best friend, Dean Winchester. The movie they were watching ended about an hour ago but neither of them felt the need to put something else on. They’re curled up on the couch together, bowl of popcorn between them. Cas had taken his phone and put on some background music, soft indie music filling the lulls in their conversation. They’d been drinking and chatting since the movie ended, talking about nothing. Their faces are only inches apart. The alcohol must have loosened Cas’ tongue, because while he might have noticed himself watching the way Dean’s mouth shapes words more than usual, he had definitely not meant to ask that.
“Good morning, everyone!” Donna projected over the commotion of her twenty-odd students as they came into her classroom. They clamored to their seats and garbled out “Good morning, Ms. Hanscum,” before they settled down.
Dean is instantly more serious about what they're talking about. “Are you uncomfortable talking about sex? Are you ace or something? Totally cool if you are. Just let me know and I'll never talk about sex to you again.” Dean pauses for a second. “On purpose. I think about sex a lot, so I might forget sometimes.”
Sam sees his chance, and fills a plate with food and exits the kitchen at high speed.
“I--I gotta go. Be back later. Hours. It'll be hours. Bye.” Cas starts to say something else, but Dean slams the door, almost running to the common room. He somehow finds a seat without really paying attention and slides into the chair limply. He just needs a minute, a second even, to process this.
If they kissed.
Castiel doesn't acknowledge him and continues tapping his pencil. Dean takes a closer look and sees the earbuds hidden in the dark hair that's growing past his ears. He taps Castiel's shoulder instead making him jump. He yanks the earbuds from his ears and clutches at his heart.
Castiel’s raises an eyebrow. “Of course,” he says simply. Castiel absentmindedly raises his right hand to his mouth and pulls his glove off with his teeth. Dean wills his jaw not to drop and is very proud of his self restraint. Watching the glove dangling from Castiel’s mouth, Dean misses where the marker actually comes from.
Dean's heart jumps. “I'm sure I could be. Why do you ask?”
. That’s what she was trying to say? “Are you bothering the nice man?”
“You want something more subtle? What about a doormat? We could put it out when one of us is getting lucky. Like an unwelcome mat.” Dean looks really pleased with himself for that joke and Cas can't help but give him a pity smile.
“Uh, just an issue with someone else. It was quite recent. I'm sure I'll settle down soon.” An issue? Like with another pimp? Dean's mind is racing with possibility. Damn Sammy for starting him down this path. How's he going to live with this guy when he had so many questions? He decides to just ask.
“Just wanted to see if you’re free tomorrow night. Someone recommended this military history museum just outside of town. Wanna go with me?” Dean rolled his eyes, thankful this was a phone call, but Cole sounded really eager to go.
“I…I’m not sure. I like it when we spend time together. But I don’t…I don’t think I miss him when it’s been a long time since we last saw each other,” he told them.
Bart smiled in response and if Castiel hadn’t been so blissful, he might have seen that Bart still looked uncertain. Instead, Cas took his hand and pulled him to the couch for their planned evening of Netflix and junk food.
"What's in the bowl?" Dean asks, eyebrow raised.
“Prince Sam was taken hostage by dragons and his brother, Prince Dean, knows he needs to save him. The Kingdom is caught up in the bureaucracy of how to save Sam, and they’re still not ready to take action. Dean, frantic about Sam's well-being, decides to do it himself. The Kingdom’s Wizarding apprentice, Castiel, joins him and together they venture to rescue the Prince.”
He takes a moment to consider it before answering. "Yes, please stay," he says simply. Dean's grin lights up the kitchen and Cas knows he could never send Dean away. Cas returns the wide smile and pulls on his apron. It's a white apron with pastel flowers embroidered along the bottom that Dean had bought him as a gift when his eyes lingered on the flowers. He picks up the bowl and spoon he had earlier and gets ready to start. Dean can't help himself.
Cole shrugged, “But it's a hell of a lot more fun,” he drawled, running a finger down Dean's jaw.
“He’s just…I don’t know,” Cas struggled to tell her.
Castiel’s eyes nearly pop out of his head. “Please tell me you started with the worst one,” he gasps. Dean cringes. “The others are worse?” Castiel visibly pales before Dean's eyes.
His grin must have been contagious because it was mirrored on Castiel's face, too. “My goal is to be a full-time comic book artist one day. For now, I run a webcomic that updates weekly. It's small and just things about my day to day life, but it's fun.”
“‘Course you can stay,” Dean told him. “We gotta catch up.” He headed into the kitchen to grab two more beers. He gave one to Cas and sat back down on the couch. “Tell me everything.”
Dean pours all the dry ingredients into the whirring mixer.
Dean scoffs and puts the phone down.
“Awesome,” Dean says and they continue the cold trek home.
When they were not running around with their friends, Donna knew she’d be able to find them sprawled out on the bleachers. Sometimes they read, back-to-back; other times they shared comics, with Dean turning the pages because Cas read more quickly.
Charlie is positively bouncing in her seat. This just got about a million times more interesting. “So, who's your favorite couple out of everyone?”
Jo reached behind herself without looking and pinched Dean on the thigh just enough to shock him. “You will be nice to him!” she reproached.
Dean throws him a thumbs up. “You're already getting better, man!”
Cas lifts his arm and let's the ball roll. This time, it makes it about halfway down the lane before falling into the gutter. He looks at Dean for feedback.
“Well, I thought I did!” Cas looks frustrated and Dean sees him glancing at the ball sitting sadly in the gutter.
“It’s good that I have your permission because I probably would have started calling you that anyway.” Dean aims his dirty napkin to the garbage can and throws. He misses and because of that, he probably didn’t put enough thought into what he says next. “Ever get told that ‘Castiel’ is a mouthful?”
giggle) that he decides to get up. He flings the blankets off himself, covering Miracle in the process. She burrows her way out and gives a shake before huffing almost exasperatedly at him.
“Bartholomew,” the other student said. “That's a real shame you have to go. I couldn't convince you to skip, could I?”
“Oh, yes,” Dean grins and waggles his eyebrows while he pours the first glasses. “One for me and one for you. Start drinking.”
Naturally, luck does not appear to be in his favour today. He can see the man sitting near the rear exit. Dean cringes inside and drops his gaze to the floor.
“There you go.” Dean looks up to Castiel’s eyes. You’d think that for such blue eyes, they’d look cold, but all Dean can see is warmth in them.
There was silence on the other end before Cole responded. “Nah, you’re right…It was nice, but I didn’t feel it either.” He sighed. “I do like ya, man. We coulda gotten there given enough time, I think.”
“Here, let me take a look,” Cas says gently. He takes Dean's hand and leads him to his own bed and they both take a seat. Cas fiddles with the heater, facing it to the both of them before he settles down to care for Dean. It really is nothing more than a slight scrape, but Dean can feel the ache in his joints from the force he used and Cas’ hands are just so warm and soft as he dabs the rubbing alcohol on it.
Cas sighs when they get in and he hangs his coat up. “I'll get the bandages,” is all he says before leaving the room again.
Cas had him at nachos.
“Hey Cas, there’s no reason to get upset,” Alex said soothingly. “It’s okay. You have a lot of emotions going on right now and you’re right. Maybe things will go back to the way they were before. Dean’s just new to the equation and you need to adjust.” Cas just grumbled under his breath. “But you might have to think about what to do if they don’t go back.”
“It’s okay. I’m fine,” the man tells him. “You should be getting off the bus though. It’s waiting for you.” Dean blinks at that and suddenly remembers that things are actually still happening around him.
“Ms. Jones here was in college with Dean and Castiel and she can pick up where I can’t.”
“Yep. Today’s the day. I knew it was coming up, so I looked up the exact day on a 1997 calendar,” Dean feels really pleased for thinking of this. “It felt like a day to celebrate.”
Dean nodded in agreement which coaxed Cas to continue. “We never spent time with each other. Our schedules didn’t work that well together. But, if I’m being honest, I didn’t try very hard either. I stopped trying after a certain point.”
. He would
“Ahhh, that would be why I don't remember seeing you in the class. I thought there might be a second class. I know I'd remember your face if you were in mine.”
“Oh?” Dean said. “What point was that?”
“Are you in the mythological creatures elective?” he clarified, tapping the cover. “We're reading this next.”
“Oi. Can it, Mister,” Ms. Hanscum calls on him. “Don’t sully this lovely story,” she teases.
Dean and Cas pull away at the same time. They’re both grinning at each other. Cas sighs and puts his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I’ve wanted that for a long time, Dean.”
Oh. The blue eyes. Dean’s breath catches in his throat.
“You’re welcome.” Castiel flips Dean’s hand over, palm up and he adds one last thing. Dean sees the outline of a small blue heart. Castiel’s hand is so warm under his.
Cas’ face splits into a grin. “Yes, Dean. I've been wondering about what will happen next all day.”
“It's short for relationship. So like, having two students that you think would be a cute couple and being excited if you find out they are dating,” Charlie explains, “I mean, I ship teachers, so you must ship us, too, right?”
“Wait, why “we?” You're the one who's curious.”
Alex awws at the scene while Jo rolled her eyes, “And he was making such a fuss about me inviting a stranger over.”
Dean stares at his phone. He keyed in Castiel’s phone number into it about an hour ago and has still not texted him. Dean has waited all day before texting him. And it’s not because he’s
“Come on over, Castiel,” Donna said, waving him over. “I was expecting you today. Everyone,” she spoke up to recapture everyone’s attention, “We have a new student joining us. His name is Castiel and he just moved here with his family. Why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself?”
Bart wrapped his arms around Cas’s waist, pulling him even closer. “I believe you.”
“Okay, I've finished the outline,” Dean told Cole. Other people might have been upset at Cole's lack of work, but Dean knew he just needed a bit of direction and he would dive right in. Cole would choose the areas he wanted to work on and Dean would do the rest.
“This my baby.” Dean confirms with a smile and pats her on the dashboard. “She’s a ‘67 Chevy Impala. Best year.”
“Right.” Dean gestures with an open hand to Sam. “The floor is yours, Sammy.”
“I think that I’ve been waiting this whole time for you. I’ve been waiting for you to come back into my life. And I didn’t even realize.”
For the rest of the semester, they were nearly inseparable, all free time spent together. Their schedules were nearly identical though Castiel was in Illustration and Bartholomew was in Business. When the semester ended and they’d received their winter schedules, they were both disappointed at how different they were.
“Well, I’ve dropped my baby brother off, but that’s as close as I’ve come to one.”
Dean grabbed his keys and headed towards the door. Then turned back and ran to the bathroom one last time. He closely inspected his hair a final time.
“You always were a sap,” Jody deadpans.
‘When you’re done work, would you like to stop by for a bit?
But he’s gotta play it cool.
“The best, huh? I’ll have to be the judge of that one day,” Dean says slyly.
“I must’a left my phone at home today. Do you have a pen and paper and I can take it the good ole fashioned way?”
You can find me on Tumblr wasting my life
Castiel knew he should probably feel a little guilty that he had been spending more time with Dean than with Bartholomew lately, but that wasn’t completely his fault. Bart's class schedule had not lined up that well with his and now that it was later in the semester, neither of them had that much free time with the constant assignments and tests.
“But they also have to solve the mystery of how the dragons got to Sam, Prince Sam, in the first place,” Dean picked up.
“All I’m saying is that maybe you should just be careful around the guy. At least in the beginning,” Sam cautions. “These rumours didn’t start for no reason.”
.” There was something he couldn’t place in the way she said his name.
Their time together is usually spent in banter and playful shoves and lingering touches. They certainly are more touchy feely with each other than other people. Cas can’t recall seeing Dean being particularly physical with any of their mutual friends--not Charlie or Kevin or Gabriel. Dean will play wrestle with Sam, but they’re not hugging brothers. They trade claps on the back and shoulder checks. Castiel has had Dean nestle into his side while watching trashy TV. Dean insists that it’s not cuddling, though Cas is not inclined to agree.
Dean pushes open the door to the library. He is immediately hit with the smell of paper and
“That was Uriel,” is all Cas says, avoiding Dean's eyes.
“This assignment is bullshit.”
Laughing, Dean says, "You should have pulled our bedroom door shut. Miracle nosed her way in." Miracle had settled beside the table to be near to her humans while they were busy and perked up at her name. She huffs in disappointment when she realizes they have nothing for her and flops back to the floor with a thump.
Castiel just glares at him. “Are they, Dean? Are they really? What else have you heard about me?”
Like Dean can hear his thoughts, his eyes snap from the stovetop searching for bacon to Castiel and the bowl he's holding.
They walk to the bowling alley. It’s early December, but oddly warm out so they’ve chosen to walk. Dean’s leather coat is open and Cas’ scarf is wrapped loosely around his neck.
“Hey, babe.”
They might have been okay for the rest of the night.
“How are you doing so far?” Cas checks.
“Well, it was about twenty years ago now, when I was teaching grade school. Mid-way through November, there was a new student…”
“Great! We'll talk then!” Castiel threw a quick wave to Bartholomew and booked it out of the café. It was only two days later before he received two messages in a row from Bartholomew.
“Well, we’re actually waiting for one more person,” Jo told him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I knew you gave me the heavy boxes!” Sam exclaims indignantly, glaring at Dean.
And that must have been why Dean laughed.
“Cas, man, that's just awesome. It's so awesome. I never woulda guessed something we did to pass the time could…inspire your career choice.”
Dean hates taking the bus. He doesn’t have to do it often. In fact, he could count on one hand the number of occasions he had needed to take the bus to get around since he had gotten his learner’s permit when he was sixteen. But this was an unexpected circumstance and he had to suck it up. He drops his change into the farebox and crams his way onto the full bus.
“Oh shit, I am so sorry!” he says feeling incredibly flustered.
“We got along great at the beginning. We even had an elective class together, art history, so we could complain about it to each other. I had just come out to my parents and they took it very positively, far better than I could have hoped for. They were my biggest worry, of course. I didn't think anyone else would be such a concern. And I certainly didn't want to live this secret in my own home.”
He boots up his laptop rather than call in his order because he has self restraint, damn it. Dean is feeling proud of himself for that so he decides that double cheese is deserved. He places his order and logs onto Facebook for a minute. He has a new pending friend request from a certain “Puke Party”. Dean clicks to the profile page. No friends in common, no photos of a real person. Why would he add this person back when he has no idea who they are? He’s thinking about that when he finally realises that he didn’t actually tell Cas who was texting him. He lunges for his phone.
Despite never decorating cupcakes before and certainly never touching frosting with anything other than his mouth, Dean had insisted that he wanted to learn. He had picked it up quickly under Cas’ watchful eye.
“I’d just like to know the truth. If I'm living here I think I should know what type of discretion is needed.”
Dean looked at the bill and just laughed. He pulled Cas close again, arms behind Cas’ neck and they kissed. From where she was, Alex could see the note. It simply said, “You won.”
“Right.” He pulls himself upright finally and pushes through the rest of the people holding his breath until his feet are firmly on the solid ground of the sidewalk. Dean exhales deeply. Well that was another disaster of a morning.
Cas looks a little flustered at everything Dean has just said. “No, I'm not asexual, but I do appreciate the consideration.” Cas sits up on the bed, contemplation visible on his face. “I won't be bringing any girls back to our room though…”
“There’s nothing to make up for, but that would be nice.” Castiel’s smile fills his face and Dean can feel the flush in his cheeks. Is it still cold out? He’s definitely not feeling the cold on his face anymore, at least.
Yes, he could be a bit of a class clown and could rile up the whole classroom in no time when he was in the mood, but he was never malicious or spiteful, and he was well liked. She had seen him swoop in to protect his brother Sam in the first grade when he had been pushed over on the playground, but was pleasantly surprised when he backed off after it turned out to be a genuine accident. There was a level of maturity to this ten year old boy that she had not expected. She was not sure where it came from, but she would love the chance to find out one day.
“Yeah, okay,” Cas agrees easily.
“What?” he asks defensively. “It's hot. Aren't you hot?” Cas just shrugs at him and gestures for Dean to come back over which he does without hesitation. He's practically draped over Cas his next few turns, they're not even keeping track of whose go it actually is anymore, just throwing the ball down the lane once the pins are all aligned again. If Cas was going to get any better, that was going to be if they'd stopped drinking about four beers ago. Dean's really not accomplishing anything by wrapping himself around Cas, but he just can't bring himself to stop now. And it might be because of that that things go down the way they do.
Dean smiled.  “Let's keep reading!” he said.
He grit his teeth and braced himself. “It was when we met again. It was getting you back in my life. And I’m going to make it count,” he added, almost to himself.
Dean had originally met Cole in their first year of the physiotherapy program. They were only acquaintances through their first two years, but as the program became more intensive, everyone became more united in studying and assignments. After participating in the same study sessions a few times, they happened to sit beside each other and struck up a conversation and were friends in no time. Dean invited Cole to the casual study-session-that-usually-turns-into-netflix-marathons he had with Jo and Alex every Friday night.
“Okay there, Jodes. Whatever you say. I know you love it.”
