"I'm always difficult." Iron Man headbutted Steve in the chin. Not hard enough to hurt him, but not very pleasant either.
"Whatever. You're still the youngest out of all of us," Deadpool waved a hand. "What'd you do to get them to respect you so much?"
Carefully, Peter brushed the broken glass away and pried the photo out. "What the?" Something had been written on the back. Having not taken the picture out of the frame until now, he had been completely oblivious to it.
"No. Worse." Tony's expression darkened. "Listen, Peter. Steve and I discussed this, and we both think it's best that you stay at the compound until this is over."
"We've dealt with this kind of thing before," Natasha tilted her head. "This...Extremis must be pretty bad if it made Bruce upset. Where's Bruce now? We need to get this sorted out-"
Natasha's head snapped in Steve's direction. The mug he had been holding was now in pieces, the hot chocolate dripping from his fingers. "I should've told you as soon as I found out, but the Hulk had other plans..." Bruce trailed off.
Schmidt crashed into Steve from behind just as he made eyes with his gun, slamming him forward until his face met metal, slamming into the machines over and over until he managed to smash his elbow back and into the other man’s side, hard enough to crack a rib if the crunch he felt was any indication.
Steve had moved his other hand to Tony’s hip, but he had to stop kissing Tony to bury his face in the genius’ neck, speaking hoarsely. “Tony, I’m close. God, I’m so close.” He reached his hand between their bodies and began jerking Tony off in earnest, covering the brunet’s cock with quick, shallow pumps that had Tony moaning louder and louder, Steve picking up the pace on Tony’s cock as well as the speed with which he continued to thrust into the genius.
Steve smiled and watched as they both left the room, the bots high voice floating back with. “I loveeee the Cap-TAIN!”
Once the made it to the landing pad, Tony put Steve down as different parts of armor were removed from his body. Steve watched in something that resembled awe, but Tony wasn’t sure if it was the tech or the fact that he knew he looked damn good in the undersuit he wore with it. After he was free of all metal, he slowly approached the soldier with a small, predatory grin.
He chuckled in disbelief. “From who? HYDRA? Whatever it is that goes bump in the night?” Tony took another sip of his drink, eyes on anything but Bruce’s face. “I’ve told you things, Bruce. I’ve opened up to you. I trusted you. You even knew about my involvement with Bucky’s arm and the risks associated with the work and you told me nothing.” He shook his head, finally allowed himself to meet Bruce’s eyes, eyes brewing with a million unspoken apologies. He made his voice as strong as he could. “I don’t need to be protected. I’m not a child anymore.”
Tony was going to kill the person responsible for making him go all the way to Russia. In the fucking winter. Unfortunately, he was currently trapped in a shabby cabin in the middle of nowhere with Captain “We Have A Duty” America. A shabby cabin with no electricity, no food, no running water and beds that were probably infested with something Tony didn’t want to imagine. There was also a fireplace. That was the only positive thing about the cabin. If they got a fire started, at least he risked a 50/50 chance of burning to death rather than freezing to death. And he made sure the good captain was able to hear all of his complaints loud and clear.
Pepper cleared her throat, polite if not just a tad intimidating. “Captain. Don’t get me wrong here, we can see that Tony appears to be in...” she eyed Tony from head to toe. “Well, he appears to be his usual self and most importantly alive and well, but I have to ask what exactly you are getting out of all of this?”
He couldn’t stop thinking about that guy Steve. The one that had been watching him play. At first Tony had been angry about the intrusion but then he saw the look on Steve’s face and decided he was cool with it. It had helped that Steve didn’t know who he really was either. He’d been genuinely impressed, which Tony was always going to be used to, but Steve had seemed earnest and also a little peculiar. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but whatever it was Tony liked it. He had a wholesome American boy next door appeal and the brunet definitely found him appealing. In hindsight, he wished he’d gotten more than just a name because Steve disappeared just as fast as he’d shown up.
“That doesn’t mean that you couldn’t at least participate in team activities! We actually...I actually look forward to it when you do join us, but it’s not often. We all need to be able to trust each other and we need to be in this together.”
While Schmidt groaned and struggled to his feet, Steve used the opportunity to regain his breath. He turned his back to look for his dropped gun, a mistake, and underestimation for Schmidt. Steve knew better.
Tony dug his hands into Steve’s arm. “Trying to walk into my room without being attacked was my original goal but now I’d settle for just making it to my bed sometime soon, join me if you have to but I’m not really into breath play—“
“Oh! A Christmas Story is on television right now!” Clint all but dragged Natasha and Bruce from the room, the miracle being that neither of them protested or even harmed him.
Tony swallowed and stared down at the floor. “I was wanting to be wrong. Just this once. And it turns out it’s worse than I realized. Maybe I deserved this, you know. I got lazy, I wasn’t paying enough attention.”
Steve sighed, could almost feel the tension floating back into the room. He crouched down until he could gesture for Sergeant Major Nuts-N-Bolts to come near, hoping to maybe draw in some of the manic cheer the bot exuded. He kept his eyes firmly on the bot while speaking to Tony. “It’s not easy to lighten up in this line of business. Hell, it’s hard enough learning to trust people, hard enough to earn their trust, that by the end of the day ‘lightening up’ just becomes something you write a note to self about and never follow through with.” Steve winced to himself, his words depressing to even himself. He reached his hand out and ran his index finger softly along the bots metal exterior. He looked up at Tony from under his lashes, ready to change the subject as fast as possible. “Did you build this guy with one hand?”
While the soldier was busy gathering wood, Tony searched for tools. Any kind of tool. He could work with any kind of tool available. But it was going to be dark soon. And colder than it already was. He sniffled, aggravated that his nose was starting to run and tossed a useless, broken chair leg across the room. If it startled Steve at all, he definitely didn’t show it.
Obadiah just rolled his head to look at Tony, a bored expression on his face. “I’m sure you already know the answer to that, Tony. Neither of us have time to waste.”
This was familiar, Steve knew how to work with this side of Tony. Steve gave a small huff and turned to leave. “Let’s be ready in five minutes.”
A moment of silence on Pepper’s part as she ran all of this through her head. “Okay,” she started slowly. “I’ll see what I can find. Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.”
“So, Steve, I heard you were here but no one has actually seen or heard from you. Other than Tony who has told everyone to leave you alone.”
Tony was away from Steve before Steve could take his next breath, running forward until he crashed into the redhead—Pepper—his arms closing around her waist, her arms wrapping around his shoulders and squeezing tight.
“We do what we have been doing. We help you seek justice and restore order to your kingdom, so to speak. And who knows, if we pull this off as well as we hope, then it might make an excellent superhero story.”
Tony smiled, leaning up to kiss Steve. “Oh, baby, I’m just getting started. Did I not mention we’d be testing your refractory period all night?”
“Or perhaps you could take the time to remember that Captain Rogers was kidnapped and is currently dealing with far too much backlash from the public. It is possible he might need you as much as you need him, sir.”
Steve just sighed and ran a hand through his hair. Whatever had been making him go seemed to leave his body too as his shoulders slumped. He couldn’t look at Tony. “I see. ” And with that he turned and left Tony’s room.
Tony looked at Steve’s face and Steve blinked. He felt his body tense up and the air seemed to be escaping his lungs rapidly.
Natasha slid into the room a moment later, footsteps soft as she idled up to his side. They shared a glance, a nod of silent understanding after he jerked his head towards the door. She made her way to the entrance, gun held at her side as her hand settled around the door handle. They were both ready to take out whoever it was in an instant.
Tony looked back at Steve searching, and Steve shrugged. It would be impossible not to involve them at this point. “Look, I’d be asking you guys to compromise your lives, your jobs—“
A knock on his door pulled him out of his thoughts and he stood up to open it. Tony let himself in before Steve reached the door though and paused awkwardly.
“What if I promise to follow through with the plans that were interrupted at the end of our last date?”
He shoved all thoughts of Tony away for the moment, if only so that he could actually focus on his work like he’d been attempting to do before the genius had burst into his space; and it worked. For several hours Steve managed to keep all thoughts of the brunet  to a minimum, managed not to feel even the slightest bit guilty for keeping Tony locked away. It was for his own safety, that’s all they were trying to do was keep the man safe, even if it meant he ignored Steve for awhile.
“Wait.” He stepped from the elevator again and grabbed Tony’s face, kissing him roughly, a kiss of promises that he fully intended to keep. All too soon it was over though. “I’ll be back. You know I will.”
When the silence got to go on a bit too long, Tony’s doubts and fears trying to make a valiant return, he cleared his throat and pointed at the papers littering the table that he’d only just noticed. “Uh, what’s all this?”
He was about to give up all hope on finding a cab and just running for it when one finally did stop for him. He climbed in as fast as he could and handed the driver the flyer. “Take me to this address as fast as you possibly can.”
The bots voice came through again, the quality of its voice like an extension of its chirps. “I like big butts and I cannot lie.”
Tony gave him a genuine smile and there was suddenly a light in his eyes that Steve was getting to see for the first time. Before Steve knew what was happening, he had an armful of Tony Stark and neither of them could honestly say who leaned in for the kiss first. To Steve, this felt like the most natural thing in the world.
The genius gave a tired nod. “I won’t.” He hoped he would stop doing that at least. He yawned and felt his eyes slowly drifting shut. “Love you too, Steve.”
“Everyone needs to be protected. The world we live in, it’s not safe. The less you know, to some degree, the easier it is to pretend that the balance is maintained somewhere.”
“I’m cold and hungry and we’ve only had sex twice since we’ve been here and I’m feeling horribly deprived of so many essential things in my life, technology included.”
Natasha stood up and Tony sighed. “Okay, yeah, I’m a genius, but I’m not good at everything. Like this for example.” Natasha slowly sat down so Tony could continue. “I have everything anyone could ever hope for. This type of celebration...I’m not used to sharing my thanks, I guess. I uh, I’m thankful for you guys. All of you. Except you, Barton.” Tony gave an easy grin and Clint flipped him off. “Someone once called me the man who has everything and nothing. I guess you all are the something that replaces the nothing. I’m thankful that you are still here, that you haven’t left. I’m thankful that you actually wear all those extra things I make for you when we’re fighting in a battle. I’m thankful that Natasha hasn’t killed me yet and that Steve is determined to stay with me no matter how much I mess up. You haven’t given up on me despite the numerous times I disappoint you, and I guess that means more to me than you realize. So...yeah. I’d hate for this meal to get cold. Cut the turkey, Nat.”
Tony slowly pushed himself up until he could rest on his elbows, one hand moving to rub at his eyes. He spoke slowly, voice still rough with sleep. “What? Okay? We’re going…somewhere.” He yawned and Steve struggled not to compare it to that of a sleepy kitten. “As in, out of the house somewhere?”
Steve laughed at Tony’s affronted tone, and leaned back into his plush desk chair, a smirk that did little to impress Tony settling over his lips. “I’ve known a few living and breathing people who didn’t mind a little leash play.”
Tony’s eyebrows shifted upwards slightly and he pulled Steve to sit next to him in the small booth. He leaned against the soldier as he idly sipped his drink. He could feel the heat radiating off of Steve and the way his muscles would flex from time to time.
Tony waits just a bit longer despite the dampness he can feel through his jeans or the way his own dick is still trapped painfully tight because seeing Steve like this is amazing. When he does turn it off, Steve practically collapses against him, breathing harshly and still shaking.
As luck would have it though, Tony’s patience ran out by the end of week three. Steve was so focused on his run that it took him awhile to notice the car that seemed to be driving alongside him while he ran. When he did, he stopped and looked down at the driver, eyes going wide.
Steve woke up slowly, blinking the sleepy from his eyes to find Tony already awake and staring at him. He smiled. “It’s still creepy when you do that.”
Steve mentally steeled himself for the ride home, hoping that Bucky would get so distracted with his own story that he’d forget about Steve and how spectacularly he’d managed to embarrass himself in such a short amount of time.
Tony smiled at him and then looked at his son. “Go on. Get the presents from under the tree and go nuts.”
Tony’s eyes were wide as he stared at Steve, a smile edging its way through his moments of insecurity.
Tony started nodding in agreement, still a little heavy lidded and disoriented from the kiss. “Yeah, I—“ He glared up at Steve. “Hold on. What?”
He tried to push that thought from his head for the moment. Hopefully he could reveal himself to Steve slowly. It wasn’t a huge deal. It was to Tony but in the grand scheme of things it probably did not matter.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to stand there and watch me like a big creeper, Pep?” He was smiling down at the piano, speaking over the music as he continued to play.
Steve opened his mouth to say something but Tony held up a hand to quiet him. “My dad wanted me to forget all about it. That’s why there is barely a scar. He didn’t want me to use it as an excuse to hold myself back from doing what I wanted to do, but it didn’t stop him from using it as an excuse to keep me from doing all the things I really wanted to do. Does that make sense?” He quickly shook his head as he got back to his point. “For me it was always about knowing what I could do if I tried. I’m still here for a reason,” and he gave an embarrassed smile for admitting that, “so I thought I’d enjoy doing the things I wanted to do. My piano career has always been run by my father so to speak, but the band thing he doesn’t know about. The tattoo...well I chose it because it will serve as a reminder. That I survived and that my father doesn’t have complete control over every aspect of my life. The added bonus is the fact that the tattoo drives my father up a wall. I sort of like that part too.”
Bruce didn't answer, staring at Osborn's lifeless body, hanging by a thread on the screen. The Avengers had just arrived, the Quinjet landing on top of the garage. Spider-man pulled the corpse up, and the camera switched from ground level to up above. Police officers came charging out on the top level of the parking garage.
"Stay with me? Just until I fall back asleep. Usually, I go to Bucky when I have nightmares, but I don't want to bother him and...yeah."
"Let me try," Rhodey put fresh food on the plate and left the room. He returned a bit later without it. "He's eating now."
Meanwhile, Captain America sprinted towards the sound of the Hulk. He burst through a door, sending splintered wood flying.
"Welcome to AIM, Mr. Stark," Obadiah smiled cruelly. "I wanted to kill you. I really did. But then Killian approached me about a new project of his. And hey, you seemed like exactly the right person to help him out."
"Your buddies keep calling me, wanting to know how you are. I told them that we had to force you to power down and that we plan on keeping you like that for awhile," Rhodey explained. "Pepper made up some bullshit about your wires snapping and sending out false signals," He tapped Tony's forehead. That was different than the story Iron Man had given them, but Tony didn't feel like straightening that out right now.
"I'm getting real sick of murderbots!" Clint yelled. Most of the Avengers were succeeding in moving the fight outside, while Natasha, Clint, and Steve remained indoors, dealing with the stragglers.
Thor was in the tower. For the first time in since Steve and Tony's wedding, Thor was back on earth and in the tower. The Vision was the first to find him, having been alerted of another life form in the tower. He allowed Thor to hug him, although he did not quite understand why the God would want to do so.
"Your name is Peter. You also go by Spider-man," she untied him and brought him over to the ticket booth so that he could see his reflection in the glass.
Steve sat on the floor of his bedroom, leaning against the bed. His sketchbooks were spread out around him. One of the larger ones was open in his lap. Steve smiled fondly at the pictures as he thumbed through them. They were all drawings of Iron Man. A lot were of him in his workshop, performing various tasks. While others were of Iron Man interacting with the team. One of Steve's favorites was a sketch of Clint lying face down on the carpet, with Iron Man sitting cross-legged on top of him, looking awfully proud of himself. Steve smiled at the memory. The bot was more than happy to hold still long enough for Steve to render the picture in full color.
"Mr. Stark wanted to meet with me, something about my suit needing fixed?" Spider-man said. Happy had been blowing up his phone for the past few days, demanding that he come back to the compound. Spidey decided he should actually show up before Happy reached through the phone and strangled him.
"I don't know. He won't talk about it. But I think he was-dammit Tony! Stop trying to grab the phone! Wait your turn!" There was a jumble of noise, combined with a few colorful words for Tony. Steve had never been so happy to hear Iron Man curse. A door slammed and the noise stopped. "As I was saying," Rhodey took a deep breath. "He said something about being trapped somewhere. And I...I think he was tortured. He's got scars on his body that are a bit too neat to be from battle. His cybernetics are all kinds of fucked up, too. Whoever tried to take them apart didn't know what they were doing."
"There are people who want me dead, too. That's why I don't really live in any one place. I gotta stay on the move," Peter put in.
"What even is 'Venom'?" Peter asked, "you said it was a biological weapon, but that doesn't really explain anything. Is it like mustard gas?"
"Eight years is a long time, remember?" Peter ducked away from Thor, taking a few steps away from everyone.
"You look like you could use a hug," Steve pressed his forehead against the cold metal of Iron Man's temple.
The man took a defensive stance, fists clenched. Even with the dim light, Bucky could tell that the man had a metal hand. Not unlike his own. "Who are you?"
"Tony, move your hands!" Sam ordered. Tony did so, instantly regretting it when Peter opened his mouth wide in a blood-curdling scream. "Enough!" Sam slapped Peter across the face. Hard. Peter's eyes snapped open, his screams abruptly cut off.
"Doctor Banner tortured you," Deadpool stated. "And you had the chance to kill him. But you didn't."
Steve panicked, his own hands clawing at the metal wrapped around his jugular. "T-Tony, w-wha...s-sto-stop!" He got a grip on the other man's fingers and pried them free. Oxygen had never felt so sweet. "I don't think you understand what "let's talk" means!"
"Understandable," Bruce took a deep breath to try to relax. "But you were right in your assumptions. We are all very, very pissed off."
"Steve, I made my son cry. I made him scream. He begged me to kill him." Tony choked out. He had his back to Steve. The lab was in shambles. Tony had instructed everyone to stay far away from the lab until he was sure it was safe. Less than an hour later, FRIDAY had informed the Captain that his presence was needed in the lab. None of the other Avengers, or Michelle, were allowed in. "He wanted to die."
"Mine," Vision raised his hand. Everyone exchanges nervous glances. Having someone without tastebuds cook for you was never a pleasant experience.
Pretty soon everyone was gathered on the porch and ready to travel. Clint was more than happy to be getting a piggy back ride from Thor again. They made their way across the forest in utter silence. Until Clint got bored and decided to pick a fight with Tony. Both Bruce and Natasha got involved in the argument, while Thor just laughed, commenting on how petty everyone was being. That just pissed Tony off even more. Steve didn't know why Clint was trying to pick a fight with the only one of them who had an actual weapon on his person. Thankfully, Tony made to move to use his gauntlet against the archer.
The building shook as the dragon forced its way down the narrow staircase. Bricks shifted, parts of the ceiling caving in around Steve. The dragon roared in frustration when it couldn't force its massive body down the staircase. There was a loud crack, and suddenly the dragon was charging down the stairs, one of the walls completely caving in. Steve scrambled to his feet, narrowly avoiding a large chunk of rock that fell from above. He darted into the next room. A dining hall. Wooden tables and benches lined the walls. He hopped over the tables, desperate to get away from the raging serpent.
Tony nodded slowly. "I understand. I don't think I'll ever be a true member of their family either."
Natasha's expression darkened. She remembered the voicemail Peter had left his friends over a month ago, telling them to get out of Queens.
Tony yawned as he poured a cup of coffee for himself. He was the only one awake this early in the morning, other than Steve and Sam, who had already left on their morning run. Something tapped on the window. Which was odd, considering they were on the top floor of the tower. Tony whirled around, although he was not surprised to see Spider-man on the other side of the glass. A cardboard box was slung over his back, secured with webs. He tapped his knuckles against the glass.
Thor hurried out of the room, a big smile on his face. Steve was hesitant about leaving Iron Man, Clint, and Bucky alone in a room together. Someone needed to let Sam and Nat know it was a time for game night, so Steve decided to take his chances and left the three to their own devices.
"Yeah," Iron Man collapsed face first next to Steve. He moved his hands through the sand, the tiny pebbles pooling up between his fingers. "You?"
Iron Man hovered next to him for a moment while FRIDAY scanned the teen, making sure it was safe to move him. "Just hang on, Peter. I'm not going to let you die. Not here. Not like this." The AI gave him the okay and Tony instantly scooped Peter into his arms and blasted off. "FRIDAY, call Happy. Tell him I have Peter."
"The detector isn't faulty. What Maximoff said about Stark having a mental breakdown must be true. He's fabricated all these lies to cope with it." Fury nodded, "We must be sure, though. I want you to question the other Avengers. Let me know if their stories are the same as his. For now, let Stark out of the handcuffs."
"Good question," Iron Man stood. He towered over Steve due to the stairs. "I think we should head back. Want a lift, spangles?"
"You're telling me!" Steve grunted as he bat one of the suits away with his shield. These things weren't like the frail bots Obadiah had made. These were Tony's suits. And they didn't go down easily. Outside, Captain America could see Tony flipping through the air, giving Ultron everything he had. Steve was amazed by how well the other man was able to hold his own with only one repulsor. Ultron grabbed Tony and threw him across the yard. He tumbled in the grass for several yards before using his flight stabilizers to right himself. Steve lost sight of him after that.
"What a dumbass. Don't worry, Cap. I'll keep an eye on him," War Machine shouldered past Steve. He gave Steve a wink before he took to the skies. Of course, Rhodes saw the robot kiss him. Great. Steve brushed his fingers over his lips.
Welp, this wraps up the first half of the story. Get ready for a new arc to start in the next chapter. The tone will be slightly different. This time with added superfamily fluff and more of a look into their daily lives. (The document Bruce gave Osborn is the same one Nat and Steve found back in chapter two, in case anyone was wondering.)
“Steve! This lovely woman here is Natasha. The drummer for The Avengers. Natasha, this is Steve Rogers, my best friend and bass player for The Howling Commandos.”
For some reason, things changed though. Steve had a growth spurt and started working out over the past summer, showing back up to school looking more like a football player and less like a kid who could easily be tossed into the air by those same jocks (and yeah, they did that once). Whatever he’d had with Tony seemed to be slipping away and it left Steve feeling lost. They still hung out, but where they were talkative before had become awkward silences and even a few arguments that resulted in them not talking to each other for days.
Guilt. That’s what the look was. Steve gave him a sad smile. “You were injured a couple of days ago.”
“Could you stop staring at me like I’ve got some sort of trick up my sleeve? In case you haven’t noticed, I don’t exactly have the capacity to pull any sudden movements nor do I have any decent places to hide anything. Of course, if you’d like to do a full body check yourself, I wouldn’t be opposed, Captain.”
He quietly made his way to his own suite, shield on his back and a bag slung over one of his shoulders. He was in need of a shower and a nap. He felt too wound up to interact with others but too depressed to go work off some of the tension in his shoulders and back.
“That’s because you have a bizarre skill that no one else has and you make it less fun for everyone else.”
” The kids squealed with laughter at that and Mister Steve was very good at doing voices. One of them pointed out the fact that Max was chasing the dog with a fork and that it was mean and Mister Steve agreed before putting a finger to his lips to silence them so he could continue.
And Steve had no idea what to say to that. Which was great since Bucky’s date was apparently yelling at him for showing more interest in the drummer than her and Sharon had to drag the girl out, but not before waving to both of them. Steve offered an awkward wave and Bucky was busy rubbing his face where he’d been remarkably slapped by his drunk ex-date.
Tony Stark loved his life. Usually. Both sides of it. Being part of the band was a change from his usual day of practice, play, write, practice, play, write, repeat as necessary. He never intended to let Howard find out about it because, of course, he’d be disappointing the family name since he was a respected pianist and blah blah blah. He was sure that some part of his father actually liked him, but he hadn’t really been able to prove it yet. His mother seemed to be more invested in Tony’s well-being and at least told him she was proud of all his accomplishments to date, she just never managed to say them in front of his father.
Steve shook his head and couldn’t restrain himself from smiling amusedly down at the bot who had taken to zooming around the room again, this time chirping ‘love, love, love you’ over and over in that high pitched voice.
Luckily, that trip was over and they returned to the tower with a bundle of new clothes for Tony and some new toys. These toys fell under the category of tools and pieces for what he said would be a robot, but Tony was going to do what he wanted no matter what.
Steve shrugged, “I guess I have to listen to him,” he said, leaning in closer until he could brush his lips just the barest bit against Tony’s, much more relaxed than their first. There was no rush, no imminent danger, nothing but Tony’s arms wrapping around Steve’s waist and Steve’s hands on either side of Tony’s face as they fell into each other, all the time in the world in the palms of their hands.
Natasha walked away without another word, leaving the two of them alone. Steve noted Tony fidgeting the longer Steve watched him in silence.
“I know. I know.” He crouched back down and found it much easier to lift up one end of the twisted metal.
He’d truly believed he’d been doing the world a favor by protecting the good guys from the bad guys. He sighed and massaged his temples. He knew none of this was making sense to Pepper. His sudden change of heart. She trusted him enough to support him though and that made all the difference in the world.
“It takes some getting used to,” the disembodied voice of J.A.R.V.I.S. responded, sounding slightly amused when the genie jumped once more. “Now if you don’t mind, I’ll be running some personal scans of my own to make sure you’re no threat. In the meantime, there is food in the kitchen, a television in almost every room, or you might choose to appreciate the view of the skyline from Master Stark’s penthouse living room.”
Steve turned quickly, giving Tony one of the most irritated glares he could muster. “Well would you rather get frostbite because you’re too damn high maintenance and want to avoid whatever imagined bugs are hiding in them?”
Tony was quiet. And very still. Steve looked up and realized Tony was staring at him, frozen and he felt his heart break a little.
He eventually pulled away from Tony’s neck and gently pushed him back down onto the bed. Tony looked up at Steve and felt his mouth go dry when Steve fell to his knees, his hands caressing Tony’s thighs, fingers trailing teasingly over his balls, his hard cock and then back to his thighs. When he replaced his hands with his mouth, Tony’s head fell back and he whimpered, arching his back slightly as he waited for Steve to stop messing around.
Steve crouched down when he caught the words flashing against the red screen. “Alert. Danger,” Steve looked up at the rest of his team, eyes wide.
“‘m never drinking again,” he slurred to no one. The truth was, he didn’t drink often at all. A man his size should be able to hold his liquor, but such was not the case. His friends had told him that as a man who was born on the 4th of July, it was his patriotic duty to drink twice as much for twice the celebration. Steve did love patriotic duty. He didn’t love the hangover he knew he was going to wake up with in the morning.
Tony smiled wide, eyes sparkling with mischief. He gave Steve a gleeful look that made Steve smile back. “That’s actually an entertaining idea.”
Tony nodded and then picked up his son with one arm, jogging to the door with Peter laughing the whole way.
Tony winked and made an aborted move to possibly hug, maybe even kiss Steve, instead opting for a pat on the shoulder. “Keep up the good work, Da Vinci.”
The noise stopped briefly, though Steve stayed alert, waiting-- and there it was again. He stood up from his chair and turned toward the entrance way.
“That’s not your job. We look out for each other, but we each know the risks. We’re all a bunch of adrenaline junkies. That’s just how it is. But if you ever see me fall from the sky one day, for good, and you ever blame yourself for it, I’m going to come back as a poltergeist who sings NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP at the top of my lungs every time you try to go to bed. I’m also changing your internet connection to dial-up just to spite you. I know you love the Internet so don’t even try to act like that wouldn’t just piss you off. You wouldn’t want us to blame ourselves if something happened to you.”
Displeased with his findings though, he spent the next two hours searching for any other items that might have washed up on shore. There was no sign of a phone. Or a radio. Or a flare gun. He assumed those were elsewhere in the ocean, swept away by undercurrents, meaning that he wasn’t going to be sending any sort of electronic message to help him get off this island. With the sigh of a man who was utterly defeated, exhausted, hungry and potentially hungover, he just allowed himself to fall onto the sand, sitting up with his shoulders slumped forward.
“I’m still trying to process everything. I’m on information overload right now. It’s a lot to take in.”
“Because of this.” And he dropped an advertisement on the table and slid it towards Steve. “Because you have a chance to work things out. You can take the opportunity I’m placing on the table. Go talk to Tony and make it right.”
Tony laughed. “Did you just pep talk yourself?” When Steve didn’t so much as smile Tony felt himself really getting worried. “Steve,” he said quietly, taking a cautious step forward.
Steve paused outside the door. “Is there anyone else in the room or lurking about that I should worry about?”
Tony gave him a dark look in return. “I know Obie. He’s a remarkable liar,” he said, tone bitter, hiding something deeper than just these recent events. Steve didn’t press. “He’s power hungry, greedy and—Ow!”
He found himself standing in a hallway with two doors at the other end. One of the rooms was obviously for the owner of the place and the other door was barely ajar, but enough for Steve to hear a light melody playing and one that people were not apt to hear in a place like this. He wasn’t even sure how his ears were able to pick up on the tune after The Avengers had finished their concert, and maybe his mind was playing tricks on him, but curiosity got the better of Steve and he followed the sound.
Tony outright smirked at that and dragged the soldier to the nearest sofa to push him down so he could straddle his thighs. He wasted no time in pressing his lips to Steve’s once more, his tongue immediately seeking entrance. He felt Steve grab hold of his waist and knew it was okay to keep doing what he was doing.
Nuts-N-Bolts merely chirped, and began fussing at Steve’s shoelaces. Steve got more comfortable on the floor, Nuts-N-Bolts as his entertainment until Tony finally reappeared.
Tony slapped his hand down on the table. “See? Everyone acts like they know what’s better for me more than I do. I’m a genius, a futurist. I can work things out faster than most people. I can imagine a variety of scenarios and outcomes based on the information I have prior knowledge to.” Tony shut his eyes. “My dad thought it would be better for me to go away to a boarding school at seven. He thought it would be better for me to learn how to behave like a man and not a little girl. He thought it would teach me to focus on only my work and nothing else. Obie thought he knew what was better for me, thought he could mold me into his little Obie-clone. He thought I needed a break after I told him I was done making weapons. I shared my new and improved ideas and he said that I was too young to know what I was dealing with and it’d be better for me to let him handle everything. Now I want to take him down and Steve thinks it’d be better for me if I was open to killing him?”
He swallowed the lump in his throat and looked Tony in the eyes for the first time since he’d returned. He rubbed his hand over his face, rivulets of water falling from his bangs and into his eyes. Tony, who of course was wearing a nice and probably very expensive suit, looked like he’d just gone for a swim in the Hudson River but his gaze didn’t waver and Steve knew that if he didn’t talk at all he’d probably end up losing his friends for good anyway.
“Also, I don’t know if Tony has my back now or not. He’s so wrapped up in getting ready for college and trying to impress everyone that I wonder if he even cares anymore.”
Steve laughed silently, his body shaking. “I froze right before I got to the water. The Hulk saved you and I froze. The water, the cold, I couldn’t…”
“Tony, oh god, I…” Steve was struggling to speak, moans breaking up his words. Tony could tell he was close and he kissed Steve gently, nibbling on his bottom lip while he continued moving his hips, increasing the friction until Steve reached climax, movements becoming jerky as he splashed against both of them. The look on Steve’s face, as he was coming undone, was one that Tony committed to memory. Seeing Steve topple over the edge so beautifully finally pulled Tony over and he came with a shout against Steve’s lips.
Tony simply scoffed. “Are you kidding me? This is getting shellacked and framed. One day it’s going to be in an art museum. I can’t eat this. I’d feel guilty after ruining it.”
Tony let his gaze fall to the wall just over Steve’s shoulder, one hand moving to scratch at his chin. “It’s nothing. This is what I do.”
The first piece he was using was not his, but one he’d heard in a preview at one of the few movies he’d been able to attend recently. It was going to be his show opener before he added in one of his original compositions. This was one he’d be performing for the first time in front of an audience and he felt the opener was enough of an attention grabber. Some people knew it, others didn’t. He had a fondness for it, which was the main reason he’d decided on it.
Tony grumbled a bit, pretending that he was offended by the idea that he might actually be lying just a little, but he didn’t want to seem too eager to spend time with Steve. He didn’t want Steve to know how eager he was. The thing that Tony knew for sure, no matter how much he wanted more than just friendship with Steve, was the simple fact that he was the absolute king of fucking up. He didn’t want to hurt Steve or make Steve hate him, and that would be if Steve didn’t run for the hills if he ever found out just how much Tony actually liked him. He didn’t deserve Steve even as a friend, much less as something more.
If Steve had been in shock before by what he’d seen, it had been nothing compared to what he was witnessing now. He let out a gasp and turned, only to come face to face with an arm and a claw. He turned around again and there was another right behind him. He inched backward a little and bumped into Tony. “What…?
“He’s...you need to trust me. I know he rubs you the wrong way. He’s like that. He’s abrasive and sometimes careless when it comes to...okay so he’s completely tactless. Just...he’s not a killer. He’s young and he’s still very naive and trusting. Stane is someone who meant a lot to him. Probably still does.”
“You have expressed trouble when the loss of life has been brought up in the past,” Steve responded. He folded his hands on the table. “I need to make sure you know what’s going to happen and agree to help without making trouble.”
“Thanks,” Tony responded softly causing Steve to look back up at him. “I wasn’t sure how this would go, but I thought I’d take my chances.” He breathed a sigh of relief. “So I’m glad. That you liked it.”
“I think Mr Punching Bag is currently winning but I don’t know. I’m not keeping score. You’re back.”
Steve just rolled his eyes. “I don’t expect you to lay your flaws out on the table for me. You should let me be the judge of all of that. Should I be worried that my flaws are going to scare you away?”
Tony Stark loved his life. He had everything he could ever want or ask for. Except sometimes he didn’t. Sometimes Tony really hated his life because he never got to sit still, rarely got to know people. His hectic life was the reason he knew he shouldn’t become attached to someone like Steve. It was hard enough missing out on a lot with his bandmates. He never even got to see Rhodey anymore. They exchanged text messages, emails, spoke on the phone from time to time, but he hadn’t seen his best friend in over a year.
And he’d hurt Tony several times simply by ignoring or avoiding him. Tony had mentioned a second date and Steve turned him down. Tony had tried to hug him, to kiss him, to just be close and Steve blew him off every single time. He was being an asshole but Tony wasn’t calling him out on it. He played it off each time as if he’d known his intentions were a bad idea from the start and he was just testing to see what he could get away with. Or some other excuse similar to that.
Steve was blushing a little bit but when Tony looked over at him he was smiling. Tony smiled back at least and cleared his throat.
Steve finally smiled. “I want to try. With you, that is. It’s probably a really bad idea but it’s all I’ve been thinking about since you left and I want to try.”
“That’ll do, Steve. That’ll do.” He was the one who made the decision that Steve was finished with his hair and threw an arm over his best friend’s shoulder while holding on to his beer in the other hand. “So Natasha is performing tonight too.”
Moments later they were both in the kitchen and everyone was seated around the table. Tony eyed the food, hoping what was there was actually enough because Thor and Steve had huge appetites. Truth be told, he was pretty hungry himself, and why wasn’t anyone digging in?
They were just about to doze off again when a noise from up above grabbed Steve’s attention, the soldier sitting up quickly. He had just enough time to pull the blanket up to his chest when the frigid air caused him to shiver as the door was kicked in.
Steve laughed quietly at that before passing a cookie to each Avenger. “Not perfect, but I drew your faces. Sorry, Bruce. I ran out of green before I could finish Hulk’s face. So he’s using a little bit of Clint’s purple too.”
“This is the hottest thing ever, Steve,” Tony said loud enough for only the soldier to hear. “All I can think about right now is how badly I want to swallow your dick and choke on it. Do you think you’d be able to be still and keep quiet if I were to do that?”
“Ah. Thanks?” He had no idea what was happening, but he’d like to prove he wasn’t a threat to Tony. “Where is the living room?”
Steve shook his head, embarrassed but Tony just gave the archer a lazy smile and a shrug. “At least we didn’t freeze to death.”
Bucky threw his arm over Steve’s shoulder as they walked. “Hey. I worked hard for this huge ego. I earned this ego! Anyway, she’s coming out with us later. I told her you would drive us. Thanks ahead of time.”
Steve wanted to thump his head back against the headrest when he realized that he missed the touch already.
He turned to look at the intruder. Tony. He was standing back a little, eyes focused on Steve’s hands.
Three days later Steve found himself sitting at the kitchen table, his lunch in one hand and a newspaper in the other. He was used to the others giving him a hard time because he still enjoyed the feel of paper between his hands over that of the admittedly impressive tablets all the others sported. Also, you couldn’t trace what someone found in the newspaper like you could so easily from a person’s internet search history. Yes, he knew he was a paranoid fucker, but he didn’t particularly feel like risking too much of his organization by becoming reliant on electronic devices that were more likely to be tapped into by outside parties. And maybe, just maybe, might have a thing for the New York times crosswords puzzles found at the back. It wasn’t a big deal.
It took him a bit longer to take notice of the keyboardist, and he couldn’t pinpoint what exactly drew his attention in, but once he noticed he couldn’t...stop...noticing. There wasn’t anything striking necessarily as he was in some sort of similar fashion as the rest, although he seemed to have a fondness for red and gold. Flashy red and gold. No one wore outfits like that anymore, but this guy did and he did it well. He couldn’t look away. He knew he should be making an attempt to pay attention to his date, but all he could think about was sketching the intensity seen on the keyboardists face.
“Perhaps, but I believe the Man of Iron has enough to deal with at this time. It is hardly fair to demand his presence as well.”
Tony laughed and looked straight out his front windshield. “Yeah no. Have you forgotten the part where I said you keep running away from me?”
Tony tried to tame the wide grin that was threatening to split his face with no luck. “I have it on good authority that I am not known for my good ideas.” He walked closer until he stood right in front of Steve, not touching but close enough that Tony could hear Steve breathing. “I’ve missed you, I’ve wanted to—we can try. I want to. With you. Um…” Tony felt his face getting warm.
“Rhodey’s here?” Tony’s head shot up. “He didn’t tell me he was dropping by. Tell him to get down here.”
Steve stopped messing with his hair and took the shot glass, throwing the burning liquid back instantly and chasing it with his beer. He swallowed and cleared his throat, giving Bucky a smirk. “Better? Have I appeased your gods now?”
“Don’t be a spoilsport. It’s not a good look on you. It’s never a good look on you, but right now it’s downright awful.”
Rhodey snorted, nodding his head in agreement. “Tony could pass the Steve Rogers 101 class with flying colors in a day.”
“Okay this isn’t just for you, but I’ve completely redesigned the quinjet engine. I uh...well I can show you in detail if you want to. It is just a more efficient engine, more practical, a few extra punches the current one lacks.”
“They’re not very good. Not yet. My dad said they’ll be good one of these days if I keep trying, but what if they’re not?”
The both of them watched as kids climbed up and down the inflatable obstacle course and the bouncy castle.
“I know, Bruce, but that doesn’t change to fact that I need to be able to trust him to do what needs to be done in the end.”
Pepper wrinkled her nose at Tony's current lack of manners while Steve continued to cheerfully enjoy the lo mein noodles from the last carton he grabbed.
And then there was a gun in Obie’s hand. Tony could do nothing and he wanted to scream. This isn’t how he was supposed to die. Obadiah wasn’t supposed to get the better of him. He heard the gunfire and waited to feel any sort of impact, but when the grunt came from further away he felt himself suffocating. He wasn’t sure how much damage Obie could do to Steve, but Steve wasn’t in a better state than Tony at the moment it seemed.
This time Steve joined Natasha in looking amused as they both shared a brief look. “Is that so? Care to tell me how you’re blaming me for whatever trouble it is that you seem to have found yourself in?”
Steve caught Tony’s eye as he walked passed him, out the door and down the hall. “Tony, what are you doing? He’s still—“
As the minutes ticked past their scheduled appointment with still no word from either Nat or Clint, Tony’s pacing picked up speed. He began muttering under his breath as he walked, something about titanium alloy being the key component to full body armor. Tony paused his steps and stared down at the floor before shaking his head, continuing to mutter, this time disputing his earlier claim due to how bulky said full body armor would be unless you wanted to look like some sort of superhero.
Steve spoke softly into his com when they neared the warehouses fences. “Time to split off. Let’s give ‘em hell.”
Steve’s mouth began sliding up and down Tony’s cock, his tongue dancing along the shaft. Tony bucked up into Steve’s mouth forcing Steve to place his hands on Tony’s hips to keep him still. He was breathing heavily, moaning in pleasure as Steve began sucking faster, harder. Tony felt himself edging closer to his coming and tried his best to stave it off. Steve moved one hand from Tony’s hips and gripped the base of Tony’s cock for a minute, before sliding it down to fondle his balls. He let his hand move further still to Tony’s perineum before letting one firm finger trace around Tony’s hole. The sound Tony shouted was completely involuntary and just as satisfying.
JARVIS paused for a moment. “I do believe he wants to make his whereabouts known, Captain. I believe this may be a trap.”
Steve opened his mouth to argue with Bucky because he had his own reasons for being hesitant, but then he realized he didn’t have a particularly well thought out rebuttal and yeah, maybe he was too busy being scared to let something like that happen. So he shut his mouth, sat back in his chair and then finally looked away from his friend a few moments later.
Steve opened his mouth to start talking because maybe that’s what Tony was waiting for but Tony reached out to silence him by placing a hand over his mouth. Steve scowled which earned him a smirk from Tony. Steve scowled more.
They were halfway to their destination when Tony heard someone hollering immediately before he was quickly shoved out of the way and off the sidewalk, straight into the path of a taxicab and all Tony could think immediately before it happened was “oh crap, this isn’t how I’m supposed to die.” And then it was lights out.
“Don’t do it again,” Steve said softly. He could feel Tony’s breath against his face now, warm and even.
Tony was silent for almost ten seconds. “I never said I hated you, Steve. I can’t tell if you asked me to come with you as a way to punish me for something or if you wanted Iron Man to have your back, which sadly enough, doesn’t seem to be an option considering the state of my suit at the moment.”
Bucky didn’t question the order, just fumbled for his pocket, grabbed the plugs and shoved them into his ears. When Steve was sure Bucky was secure he got to work flipping the cover open with his thumb and roughly jabbing down on the button there. The effect was instantaneous; all the guards around them going rigid for a few seconds, faces pale, veins bright blue against their skin, right before their legs gave out and they dropped to the ground unconscious. Steve just made out a trickle of blood from a couple of guards noses and ears before averting his eyes.
Steve grabbed Tony by the waist and pulled him flush against his body again. “You really can’t wait can you?” He said smiling as he leaned down and pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips.
Tony landed and quickly received applause and cheers from other workers. His faceplate opened up once more, Tony smiling and his arms lifted in victory. “Thank you, thank you! I’m here all night! Well not literally, but you know what I mean.”
“Pepper and Rhodey. Uh...Virginia Potts and Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes. The two people I trust most in this world. I need to let them know I’m okay.”
When Tony did speak, Steve was almost startled, his voice breaking the silence like a whip. “Stane,” he began, voice hoarse, “Steve, he’s—he didn’t tip HYDRA off and have them do his dirty work for him. They—he is.” He spit the words out as if they left a nasty taste in his mouth. “He’s one of them.” Tony went tense and then limp almost immediately after, his voice quiet. “I never knew. Never suspected. I didn’t even know that HYDRA existed and I called myself a futurist. This whole time he’s—he knew. He saw me with Bucky—“ Tony turned flipped through the pages, face pale. “He knew who you are. Has been trying to keep me under his thumb, under their thumb the whole time. When I said I was getting out of the weapons business, he had them take me to their warehouse to break me until I was forced to make keep making weapons. Thought they could get me to tell them where you were as a bonus.”
"Mr. Parker? Mr. Osborn would like to see you," a woman in a white lab coat stood next to Peter's desk, clipboard in hand. Peter nodded and followed the woman to an entirely separate floor. She let him into Norman's office and closed the door behind him. Osborn didn't appear to be aware of the younger man's presence, completely focussed on a small stack of papers in his hands. Peter was about to speak, but Osborn beat him to it.
"This is a bad idea!" Rhodes yelled after him. Iron Man ignored him, continuing on out of the cabin.
"Why are you doing this?!" Steve pushed back against Iron Man, but to no avail. Was Tony really going to kill him? Did he really hate Steve that much? He couldn't believe that the man he loved had just strangled him. And now he was doing it again, metal fingers wrapped around Steve's throat before he could fully comprehend what was happening. "T-Tony..." Steve clawed desperately at his hands, eyes wide and pleading. As usual, Iron Man's face betrayed no emotion. Steve stared into the light of his eyes, "please, d-don't...t..this...is...n't...y-you..." Steve chest started to ache from the lack of air, combined with his broken ribs. He reached up with one shaking hand and pushed against the faceplate. Blue light shone between Steve's fingers. He couldn't couldn't bring himself to form words anymore. The soldier was starting to feel light headed. Darkness danced around the edges of his vision. The hand on Iron Man's face grew weak, sliding down so that it just barely touched his chin. Steve didn't have the energy to fight back anymore. It was then that he realized he was going to die. He was going to die with his lover's hands around his throat. Steve let his eyes slide shut.
Natasha paced around the kitchen back at the compound. A large fuzzy blanket was wrapped tightly around his shoulders. They had searched for Peter for three days before deciding to take a short break. Some of the team were able to sleep due to pure exhaustion, she, on the other hand, had only been able to get a few minutes of shut eye. How could she sleep knowing her little spider had been captured by the enemy? Possibly hurt, scared...even dying...
"Stupid fucking Tony, with his stupid fucking beard, and his stupid fucking..." Spider-man grumbled as he web slung across the training hall. He landed on the wall and took a deep breath.
Iron Man blasted repulsor after repulsor as his son clambered around the rocks. "Keep moving! My sensors-"
"Redo the spell, Maximoff. He's no use to us like this," Bruce huffed, pacing around the other side of the room. Peter couldn't see him, but he could hear him shuffling his feet. "Otto and Adrian think Spidey is on our side. What are they going to think when they show up to this?" Peter assumed Bruce was motioning to him.
"Don't be." Tony shook his head. He continued to work on the...thing...in his lap, the green lights attached to it faded in and out.
"I didn't know this place existed," Clint mused as he leaned against the balcony that overlooked the rocky mountains. There wasn't any civilization around for miles.
Tony decided right then and there that Peter needed to get out of the compound. And so, less than an hour later, Peter found himself in the passenger's seat of Tony's car. Tony had announced it was "father and son bonding time" and stuck Peter in the car before the teen could protest.
Tony figured out fairly quickly that FRIDAY had been disabled, so he couldn't just ask the AI where his son had gone. Something was very, very wrong. At this point, the entire team had noticed the situation and gone off in different directions to look for Peter. Michelle took the gun from her bag and tucked it into the waistband of her jeans.
"So this is where you go," Steve looked around the workshop in awe. Robots big and small moved around the area on their own, whirring and beeping at Steve as some form of welcome. As soon as Iron Man stepped into the shop, all of the lights flicked on. Holographic screens appeared all over the place. All in all, the workshop was a downright mess. Tools littered the various workbenches. Mechanical parts were scattered everywhere. There was a pile of tangled wires in one corner. A large robot rolled over to Steve, waving its single giant arm. It made a loud beeping noise and snapped its claw at Steve. "I don't think it likes me."
Iron Man glared at Steve, a growl escaping his speakers. The super soldier was now free from Iron Man's hold and was bending his hands backward. The metal creaked under the force. Iron Man twisted his arms, throwing Steve onto his back. He brought his boot down hard on the soldier's sternum. The sound of bone cracking echoed throughout the library. Steve sucked in a sharp breath. Iron Man leaned down, replacing the foot with his knee, and grinding it into Steve's chest.
He could feel Henry turning in circles under his hands, trying to get free. "Henry. Please..." Peter lifted his hands slightly. Henry waved his front two arms wildly at the exit to the vent. "Yes, that's where we're going. But we have to wait."
Above them, snaked through the branches, was a gigantic serpent like creature. The dragon looked to be either underfed or growing old. Its bones stuck out, stretching its worn scales. Scars covered its crocodile like head and its wings were torn in multiple places. It shifted around above them, the light dancing off its navy blue hide. Its jaw dropped open, allowing smoke to billowd out. A bright orange light formed in the back of its throat.
Captain America and Iron Man had stepped down from their joint leadership of the Avengers a few months ago. Which set off a chain reaction of people leaving the team, and new heroes joining their ranks. All of that had happened in the span of a weeks. That week was the hardest of Peter's recent years. Everyone had been uncertain about the future of the team. As well as the future of their family of choice. The team changed dramatically, and thankfully, that didn't affect their family. They all lived in different parts of the country now, but they were still as close as ever.
"Absolutely not." Tony crossed his arms over his chest. Peter stood before him, the Iron Spider suit and his regular costume folded neatly in his arms. "Those are yours. Keep them."
"I was just there, he wasn't," Clint scanned the room. The common room was a fairly open area, and there weren't many places a person could hide other than the kitchen.
"Not at all," Peter hummed. He wasn't about to tell Harry that Norman had held him for ransom and tortured him in the process. "Sorry, it didn't work out. I know how hard you worked to get me that job."
"Steve! Jesus, Tones. You're slow today." Rhodey huffed. Tony snorted but didn't say anything. He just went about making his coffee. "He was close to tears when I showed up. Clinging to you like his life depended on it."
"You've done enough," Tony put his hand over Steve's. "I should get back to the workshop. Keep working on Jarvis."
"If you wanted me dead you could've just said so," Tony huffed. Steve chuckled. Iron Man had never been particularly fond of sparring sessions, preferring to train alone. Unless Bucky was his sparring partner. That was the one person Iron Man was always ready to fight with. Bucky had been the one to come to Steve, voicing his worries about Tony relying too much on the armor, and that he needed to learn proper hand to hand combat. Natasha and Steve had spent the better part of the day trading Tony between them, teaching him what they know. At least, they said they were teaching him. Tony was convinced they were just taking turns kicking his ass and made that very clear to his two teachers. That just made them work him even harder. Looking at Tony now, Steve could tell the cyborg was exhausted.
Spider-man walked through the compound with his head held high. Bucky walked behind him, close enough to let people know not to mess with Spidey, but also far enough away that he wasn't smothering Peter. Clint didn't hang around the compound much anymore. But Bucky still lived there, and followed Peter around like a lost puppy whenever the wall crawler visited.
Other than a minor fire in the kitchen, the rest of the night was fairly pleasant. After nearly an hour of questioning, the Avengers welcomed Peter with open arms.
Sam's expression softened, "I was just asking. You've been really distant since you came home. We're still friends, right?"
"Initiating lockdown," FRIDAY's voice echoed throughout the tower. Every door was instantly locked, and blue energy fields covered the windows. The force fields were strong enough to hold the Hulk, but only for a short time. All the lights flickered off, replaced by the soft yellow glow of the emergency lights, which lined the floor. Peter sprinted down the hallway with Henry on his shoulder. The tarantula looked back to see the Avengers hard on their heels. Pieces of Tony's suit were quickly assembling themselves around his body. He raised a repulsor.
Tony spotted Henry quickly crawling towards him and trapped him under a glass once he was within range. Henry threw a fit, hissing and turning in circles.
"There is no danger, dear Captain! Merely a god who wishes to partake in shwarma once more!" Thor laughed.
"Not gonna happen. He's my nephew. I have a say in this." War Machine crossed his arms, a movement that was made a bit awkward by his bulky armor.
"How do I get clearance?" Steve crumpled the paper and tossed it in the trashcan on the other side of the room.
Steve looked the robot, having not been able to spot the subtle changes when he had been flying. There was more red on him, darker, almost maroon in shade. What looked like tiny arc reactors were all over his body. Two in his rib cage, a pair where the chest plate met the shoulders. Another pair on his hips. A few more on his legs and arms. Iron Man rolled his shoulders, causing small plates to slide over the tiny lights, hiding them from Steve's gaze.
Steve didn’t bother to dignify that with an answer because he could lie and blow his cover right away or tell the truth and feel silly since he barely knew Tony anyway. Instead he just put his earbuds on and pressed play on his iPod. The music itself was relaxing, but piano pieces were always relaxing even when they weren’t. That probably only made sense to Steve. It was good for his focus, which is exactly what he needed if he was going to finish the portrait for his final art presentation.
Huh. This was kind of neat. Dragging Peter away might be more difficult than he hoped and Pepper was suddenly texting him to find out where he was. He shot back a short reply before making his way toward Peter who was apparently having a very serious discussion with Mister Steve about the importance of not chasing animals or people with silverware because it was dangerous. Mister Steve was nodding gravely as if this was a completely serious and very real issue and held out his hand to shake Peter’s.
Steve’s hand was covering his face and he was laughing silently. “God, Tony. Do you have any actual shame at all?”
Tony picked up a handful of tinsel and tossed it at Steve’s face in retaliation. He wasn’t angry or even that embarrassed, and maybe part of it had to do with the fact that he was getting that smile from Steve. Maybe next time he’d wear his suit for a moment like that, just in case.
“There is a terrorist organization known as the Ten Rings. They’ve been receiving a lot of your weapons. It took a lot of digging, but I found hard copies, encrypted messages, drives that don’t have any connection with Stark Industries at all. You were scheduled for a demonstration next month in Afghanistan. You were going to show them the Jericho.”
He pushed himself up and brushed the sand and dirt from his face and the front of his suit while he was turning around to kick at the offending...thing that had tripped him. He wasn’t expecting to find a bottle on the ground.
“Yeah yeah.” He elbowed Bucky in the stomach. “I’ve gotta go grab something from the back room. I’ll be back up in a few minutes.”
The next time Steve finds Tony, he's playing again after the Howling Commandos had finish their selections for the Mash Up. Steve’d placed his school bag in that back room before his group began playing and he can’t really say he hadn’t done it in the hopes of running into Tony again. It seemed his plan had worked nicely. He leaned against the door frame and smiled as Tony’s fingers ever so slowly moved over the piano keys just as beautifully as they had last time.
Seven beers and one bucket to carry them in later, Steve was making his way back to his group and nearly collided with someone. He looked up to apologize but had barely gotten his apology out when he realized he was actually looking at Tony and he gave him a small smile instead as well as a much quieter sorry.
The groan he got from Steve was rewarding in every way possible. Steve had to use both hands to pull Tony’s face away from his chest so he could kiss him, his tongue sliding against Tony’s twisting with it. He took that moment to undo Tony’s pants, pushing them down as far as he could while his mouth was still on Tony’s. Tony clumsily stepped from his pants and broke the kiss so he could pull his own shirt off.
He kissed Tony and then lifted himself up again, resuming his strokes on Tony’s shaft, his wrist moving impossibly fast. With his back arched Tony cried out as he came hard, unable to control the pleasured scream that left his throat.
Tony would have to be an idiot not to find that a little adorable. Or a lot of adorable. And the smile Steve gave him had him smiling back like a huge idiot.
“Aunt Tasha likes old people books. She always reads the ones with those wierd covers where the man and woman are wrapped around each other in strange ways. She says I’m too young to read them.”
Steve answered by thrusting his hips against Tony’s, eliciting a moan from the genius, causing Steve to smile triumphantly.
Natasha stood over his shoulder and looked down at the paper, tilting her head. “Does he know you’re drawing him?”
Steve smiled. “Sorry. Didn’t want you to pull a muscle or anything. Looked like you were putting all your energy into it there after all.”
A muffled “Yeah?” could be heard from under the car and Steve crouched down to tug on Tony’s leg. The genius slid out from under the car and sat up slowly, eyebrows raised.
After several moments of them just holding on to each other, Steve pulled his head back and lifted Tony’s chin, pressing a kiss to the genius’ lips.
Peter dove right on in and Steve pulled some presents from his own bag, handing one to Tony and about five were for Peter.
Steve briefly shut his eyes and exhaled. “Sorry. I’m tired. Tired. That’s all. I think I might go back to bed.”
Tony rubbed his forehead wearily and muttered under his breath. “Well aren’t you two full of sunshine and daisies today.” He continued in a louder voice. “You’ll have to talk to the Captain then.”
“Thank you, JARVIS,” the blonde breathed out, quickly, yet quietly, making his way in that direction.
“HYDRA is your thing. Not mine,” Tony said with an air of nonchalance that was only partly convincing. “All I care about is holding Obie accountable for whatever he’s done.”
And then it was over, people were cheering and standing up and either trying to leave or get the attention of the lead vocal, the drummer, the bass player. His eyes sought out that keyboardist though, but his search was cut short when he felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see Sharon letting him know she was leaving.
Steve’s face was suddenly much closer than it had been just a moment ago. When did that happen? Surely this wasn’t some part of his fantasy mind going wild. It had to be though because the only logical thing to happen next in this position would be a kiss.
“You sound just like him,” Steve said, hanging his head when he felt tears in his eyes. “He pretty much told me the same thing. He was all I had and I can’t...I can’t do a thing for him.”
Steve grabbed at Red Skulls leg before it had the chance to touch the ground and yanked until he was flat on his back. He tried for the open paneling again but got caught around the ankle, tumbling once again the ground where they grappled, exchanging blows that left Steve winded and more than a little banged up.
Steve replied before he was able to stop yourself. “Because you’re incredible. You’re the most amazing person I’ve ever met. I--I mean, why wouldn’t I?” He was blushing and had to look in the other direction.
Steve looked at Tony then back to the house where Pepper and Rhodey still waited. “Happy should be here to get them soon. I had Clint tail them here and he’ll tail them back to make sure nobody picked up on this little meet up. They’ll be fine.”
“Shutting up would be a great start.” He was busy trying to light a match to get the fire started, but his hands were shaking.
Eventually they pulled up to a small house, on a street like any other, surrounded by houses plucked straight out of a catalogue.
“Well take a seat.” He nods to the chair he placed next to the piano. “Prepare to have your mind blown away by this spectacular song choice.”
If there was one thing Tony Stark knew for a fact, it was that he did not know how to express his feelings.
The blond hesitated. He was generally fairly private when it came to his drawings because while he knew he was good at what he did he would always feel slightly nervous whenever showing it to people for the first time. He had seen Tony do amazing things with the piano though, and that in all likelihood could have been considered just as private, so he thought it’d be fair. With a curt nod, he stood to retrieve his school bag and pull his sketchbook out. He held onto it pretty tightly for a moment before he finally managed to gather some courage and hand it over.
Steve sighed and began staring out the window again. “Everything seems right but wrong. The same but different. Familiar but unfamiliar. I feel like I’m missing something.”
Steve was washing them by hand. Tony scowled, especially when he saw the grin on Steve’s face and he gave an impatient sigh.
“And your override code has been disabled by Ms. Potts in the event that you try to override the override.”
Tony wanted to yell at him, to tell him he was fine but that he wasn’t okay at the same time. That his world was collapsing and he felt like it was his fault. He wanted to tell him he was scared and he had no idea what he was going to do.
Steve spoke before Tony could respond. “So, you want us to help you…how exactly? It seems like you know what you need to do.”
Bucky gripped the other man by the throat and lifted him a good two inches from his seat. Steve waited until the other man turned distinctly purple and started scrabbling uselessly at Bucky’s metal arm before telling Bucky to let go.
Steve snapped. “Show some respect, kid. Realize where you are and understand your place, before we show you your way out.”
Steve answered with another kiss, this one more intense. “I think someone once said that patience is a virtue.”
Tony blinked, expression smoothing out. “I don’t need to do it.” He crouched down next to Obie, the barrel of his gun pressed against his head as he spoke close to his ear. “You’re going to get what’s coming to you.” Tony stood up, started walking toward Steve, leaving Obadiah still on the floor.
Steve just smiled down at the bot, and muttered. “We’ll see about that.” He stood up, looking smaller and more nervous than Tony could ever recall seeing him. “Congratulations.”
Steve took Tony’s hand and looked down at the burn. “I’m not trying to make you feel like you can’t take care of yourself, but you’re my friend. We’re friends right? And you are in danger. And I’m a genie and I can grant wishes and you haven’t really used me at all and so all I can do is watch helplessly because that’s about all I can do right now.”
If Steve hadn’t pulled his drink away just at that moment he’d have probably inhaled some of it through his nose. Again, he was nowhere near as forward as most people. He had no idea how to be. It wasn’t a quality he looked down on, it just wasn’t a quality he possessed. People still caught him by surprise even though he’d been at the end of some extremely suggestive comments from other girls.
Bruce shrugged. “Why not? If I hulk out at any point it’s not like it’ll be a total loss.” Natasha pursed her lips and nodded in agreement and Steve now stood with only one sweater remaining. He smiled at Tony and waited for Tony to accept it with open arms.
Tony just shoved the black shirt further under his nose. “Come ooooon. Just try it on. I promise I’ll leave you alone once I do a few tests.”
“I’ve never thought of myself as smarter than you. I don’t think I’ve met anyone quite like you, Steve Rogers.”
Steve turned back when he heard the screech of the chair, seeing all three of them huddled as close together as possible without actually touching, Rhodey and Pepper acting as protective shields, almost as if they could keep anything and everything at bay as long as they kept formation surrounding the genius.
Bruce laughed. He and Tony would probably end up having a long overdue science talk later. Steve sometimes hated that Bruce could keep up with Tony better than he could.
When Natasha didn’t answer right away Steve started to sprint, taking turns blindly as he searched for an exit. “Nat, how bad is it?”
“What if my flaws are really bad? Because I’m arrogant and people always tell me I am. I’m kind of an asshole about it. I’m rich so that means I’m spoiled.”
Steve shook his head quickly and covered up his lack of focus with a smile, holding out his hand to the blonde girl standing in front of him. She was stunning and had a wonderful smile. Something about her seemed familiar, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.
Steve didn’t say anything for about five seconds before his lips were crashing against Tony’s, his arms wrapping tightly around the genius’ torso, smiling and crying but really only a little if anyone asked and mostly because he was happy and also looking forward to Tony keeping his promise.
Tony looked him up and down quickly. “Not a clue.” He looked toward the stage, saw it was time for them to start so he gave Steve a flirtatious wink and ran off toward the rest of his band, throwing a wave over his shoulder. Steve, and he knew he would suck at hiding it, had a huge smile on his face and suddenly felt ten times lighter. Tonight would definitely be great.
So while they stood around waiting for the stage to be set for the next performance, Steve decided to go buy everyone a round of beer because he knew it wouldn’t take long for Dum Dum to get bored and possibly start a fight with someone. Not that having the beer with him would actually lessen those chances, but it’d keep him distracted for awhile at least.
Never let it be said that Tony Stark could not find yet another reason to hate himself considering his list was already pretty long to begin with.
“So you think that because I am rich that I have it so easy?” Tony’s eyes were wide and his mouth was gaping. He was so offended and couldn’t even come up with a quick enough retort.
Rhodey leaned forward, resting heavily against the table. “As long as we get him back in one piece, then we’ll have no problems, Captain.” Rhodey smiled warmly at Tony for a moment. “What I’d like to know is how Tony became acquainted with you in the first place?”
Sam interrupted him, catching on quickly to Tony’s sudden mood. “I think most of them were near death anyway. Not that that’ll make you feel much better, but they were in pretty bad shape beforehand. The videos…” Sam trailed off, holding up a small thumb drive, “they’re all here. We think they were used as motivation to get outside parties to comply to HYDRA’s wishes.” Sam stared down at the drive, shooting a quick glance between Thor and Bucky who both had their eyes firmly down towards the table. “You’re on here, Tony.”
“Nothing? Really? Nothing at all? I’m hearing everything you’re saying but there are also plenty of things you’re not saying. You’ve been acting like this since you came back from your last trip to find your old best friend. What happened, Steve?” It was then that the rain started to pour.
Steve milked him dry, his eyes gazing over Tony’s face as he finally felt himself fall over the edge, hips erratic before he finally released into Tony, not hiding the loud moan of pleasure he couldn’t make himself hold back any longer. He’d never experienced this sensation with the genius and he was overcome with an emotion he hadn’t wanted to give a name to before collapsing on top of Tony, mindful of not crushing him.
It took a week before Tony shuffled his way into Steve’s office, disheveled and jittery, looking both nervous and determined. Steve should have taken it for the warning it was.
Tony pulled his hand free and turned. Steve was smiling at him. He thinks it was called fond exasperation, but he was never entirely certain with these things.
Tony quickly added a “never ever” into the conversation. Natasha just grinned at him but didn’t promise a “never ever.”
Pepper snapped her fingers excitedly. “Oh! Was it that Barnes guy you used to have down in your workshop all the time?” She pointed her finger at Steve. “Which would make you the tall blonde hunk.”
Steve’s eyes grew wide and he didn't get a chance to back out of the room, he’d been caught as the keyboardist turned around, his eyes becoming just as wide.
Clint grumbled. “Put some clothes on. We’re outside in the quinjet. I don’t get paid enough for this shit,” he muttered as he walked out the door.
When Steve turned to give his friend a disapproving look, Bucky was already gone, making a beeline for that red headed drummer. He checked the time on his cell phone, knowing he had to get an early start on his day tomorrow if he ever planned to finish his final art project for the semester. With a sigh, because he knew it would take some convincing to get his friend out of there, he slowly approached and placed a hand on his shoulder.
Steve watched him go. He hadn’t meant for Tony to leave and he was sort of hoping to fill the brunet in on their plans, but the kid looked tired and Steve knew he was probably having trouble sleeping. After a moment he sat at the table and took the tea Bruce offered him.
Tony furrowed his brow. “Well, okay, Mr. Mine Mine Mine. You don’t have to. I guess. You should at least let me improve it. I can teach it how to do more tricks. I can program it to respond to only you. I can probably make him more cuddly too.”
“What? Hey! Fuck you, Rogers. I’d never take us to some place like McDonald’s. I was definitely thinking Burger King.”
Steve had no clue how to respond to this. Instead he hugged Tony again. “I don’t think it’s possible for anyone to not like you.”
“I already liked you, Tony. You were a good kid. You’re a good person now. And also, I’m sure your dad liked you a lot, loved you too, but I’m not--you don’t need to be like me, you never have. I know you know this now. Howard was an idiot for leaving you all the time, for making you feel like the things you did were never good enough, and I’m sorry that you had to think that becoming like me would make him like you better. You’re really swell the way you are.”
Steve looked at his best friend with a small amount of confusion and then over to Natasha who was seated next to Bucky on the couch, cuddled up to him.
Tony tugged at a piece of Sam’s vest just a little too hard before turning on his heel and walking back toward the box he’d carried all the garments in. “This is a business deal, Captain. Let’s not pretend it’s anything more than that.”
Tony took a bite of his burger and chewed slowly, staring at Steve with a confused expression. “No. Tell me.”
“That’s because you’re not looking closely enough, brother Steve. I can assure you that Tony Stark is just as taken with you as you are with him.”
Steve just grinned. “Oh. Before I forget, I have some food for you. The pancakes aren’t...well they got cold, but I can make you more, but there is some pasta that I made for you afterwards because I knew you’d get hungry at some point.” He grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him out of the room.
As the noise got closer, Steve became less and less sure it was a remote car, mostly because he could usually hear Clint and Thor giggling to themselves between curses by now, yet the hall remained silent, but also because he had the distinct feeling he was being watched.
“Information on you. What kind of work do I do for you? My involvement in your affairs. Build us this weapon or we will kill you. Tell us where to find the Howling Commandos or we will kill you. Lot’s of death threats being thrown around.”
Bucky looked over at Steve, a smirk on his lips. “When you were selling me on this whole mob lifestyle you didn’t mention going up against a buncha evil scientists in green suits.”
When Clint mentioned visiting the archery range, Tony surprised everyone by begging to go. Clint stared at Tony for a moment before shrugging. “Sure, why not?”
Instead of facing the problem head-on like a responsible adult he decided to camp out in his workshop for a few days, and if he had to ignore the pained look on Steve’s face every time the soldier was unsuccessful at getting in, then so be it.
Tony stopped when he was pulled into the kitchen. “No. You don’t. I mean, that’s not...I wanted to give you a dog because my silly kid brain thought it was how you got people to like you. And I already liked you. I mean I still like you, and don’t even think of holding these statements over my head because I’m still recovering from the trauma of you guys having to see what I was like as a kid, but I guess if you liked me back, then...” He paused, looking downward.
He’d texted Rhodey on the way home to nag him about missing his concert that night, but then told him he’d replaced him with a hot guy named Steve who he met for all of five minutes.
“Reports have now come in from the US Air Force. Tony Stark has been found alive and is currently in a hospital in Germany. He is expected to return to the United States within the next few days.”
Tony shook his head. “Okay this is going to sound a little crazy, but stay with me here. Steve is a genie.”
The days with Tony in their care flew by in what was mostly, surprisingly, silence. Steve had very little doubt that the reasoning for Tony’s sudden case of lock lip was their small disagreement the week prior. That was fine. Great even. It gave Steve time to catch up on his regular business, business he’d let fall slightly to the side since Tony’s appearance at his door.
It took Steve a moment, but he returned the kiss fervently, clinging to the genius, pulling their bodies flush against each other, one hand moving to cradle the side of Tony’s head as his tongue sought entrance into his mouth, which Tony quickly obliged. He was never one to deny Steve anything he ever wanted, this especially so.
He drew an angry frowny face next to his name for good measure. Spider-man would have left a lot sooner if it hadn't been for Tony watching him like a hawk. Not to mention it wouldn't have been smart to go after a supervillain with his injuries. According to FRIDAY, he was now back to perfect health.
"Don't worry, I won't let him." Steve went over to the bar, shifting glasses around. "Does it have a name?"
"Want to talk about it?" Ned offered, his chair squeaked and Peter pictured him twirling around in the swivel chair, surrounded by three big monitors that aided him in being the 'guy in the chair'. Even after the two had broken up, they still remained extremely close. They told each other everything.
"No. Just smart enough to know when to pick my fights," Bruce hummed. "I'm a wanted man. I don't want the police showing up here."
Iron Man stopped and looked back at Thor. "No thank you." His voice sounded off. It was muddied as if he were underwater.
"He seems fine to me. We should just leave him here," Natasha commented, smiling at Clint, who was riding on Thor's back. Clint was having way too much fun getting a piggy back ride from a god.
"I don't have a boyfriend, Buck," Steve rolled his eyes. The Avengers, minus Iron Man, had gathered in the common room for a party. They weren't celebrating anything in particular, Clint just felt like they should have a night off. All of them have been incredibly stressed out since Iron Man was accused of murder a few days ago, so it didn't take much convincing to get a party going. Sam and Bruce flitted around the kitchen, making food for everyone, while Natasha and Bucky prepared the drinks.
Yes. Of course, he did. Iron Man could be a real pain in the ass at times. He was reckless, hot-headed, and could be downright rude. But he was also extremely caring and considerate of others when it mattered. He could be friendly, and Steve liked his jokes. And he was there for Steve whenever he had a nightmare. Sparring with him was also a lot of fun. Iron Man didn't hold back, and Steve enjoyed the adrenaline. Steve cared very deeply about his teammate and would be absolutely shattered if anything bad ever happened to him. But did he love him?
Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder and glanced at the coffee maker. “I like this one. Don’t break it. Maybe you should be nicer to it and it’ll give you what you want. Threatening it is only going to make it angry.”
Tony snorted in derision. “Right. Everything is fine. What do you care anyway? As long as you all get what you want, then we’re all happy. End of story.”
Steve’s hand trailed along the stitching, across the purplish yellow bruising along his cheek and down to the bruising at his neck. “I’m still angry,” he cupped Tony’s face gently in his hand. “So angry.” He watched as Tony’s eyelashes fluttered, and when did he get this close? Close enough to make out every color swirling away in Tony’s eyes.
Steve adjusted the volume until it was nothing more than a steady hum in the background, bringing his focus instead to the tabletop before him. Guns, knives, small time bombs, stunners, electric shocks, arrows—everything Steve’s team needed to stay ahead in the game he’d found himself calling shots for. He set to work counting ammunition, disassembling, reassembling and cleaning the weapons and taking inventory of new acquisitions they’d acquired while dealing with AIM earlier in the week.
Near the end of their meal is when Tony walked in. He was becoming a pro at this fashionably late thing.
It didn’t help when Obie started to laugh, mocking Tony with a sneer. “You still can’t do it. You want to believe that you’re big and tough, but you still can’t kill me. Even when you could have you wasted your time talking.”
It had all started one day with Steve. Someone had taken an aerial shot and it was in the newspapers the very next day with the caption “Captain America takes time from hero-ing to help clean up one of the many messes throughout the city.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “And you said no one ever called you a romantic.” He grinned and leaned down to kiss Tony at the same time he pressed a slick digit into his opening. Tony just moaned into the kiss, squirming even more and the soldier took that as his cue to press in further, twisting his finger and crooking it a bit as he thrust his finger in and out. He pulled out and just as quickly pushed back in, this time with two fingers, scissoring and twisting, locating the brunet’s prostate and gently rubbed the pad of his finger over it.
“One time. Just one time and suddenly that’s your default assumption afterwards. What hooker even wears clothes like that?”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You talk too much, Clint. Plus you guys were badgering us to do it so technically you dug your own grave.”
“Why--why is there a tiny robot rolling around in here?” Steve asked to who, he wasn’t sure. There was no one around to answer him except for the robot which didn’t seem inclined to answer him in any way.
Steve felt like his entire world had just been destroyed. His throat ached as if he were screaming, but no sound came out. He was just inches away from his lover and he couldn't
"Welcome back to the world of the living, Tones." Rhodey's face hovered over Tony, who groaned at the sudden noise and screwed his eyes shut. "You gave us quite a scare. You've been out for three days."
"What are you-?!" Bruce gasped right before the HUD went dark once more and the suit powered down completely, falling to pieces at Tony's feet.
Everyone went quiet when a pair of SHIELD agents entered the room. They took Rhodey away for questioning.
"We're not friends, Parker. We never were. I've been waiting a long time for this moment. I'm not going to let you go. Besides, we both know you wouldn't be able to keep your mouth shut." They said. "Maybe I should sew it shut. Or cut out your tongue. Which would you prefer?"
"I got a get tarantula last night, but he got out of his box and now I can't find him," he explained, trusting Steve to be on his side.
Steve chuckled at the two Starks, both upset and frantically waving their arms. He hummed to himself as he went about setting up the table.
"Out." Peter ducked under his arm and ran off. He didn't like Ock. That man honestly made him uncomfortable. Wanda had said Otto was his friend, but the teen found that extremely hard to believe. He tugged his mask over his face and swiped a coat from the closet before hurrying up the stairs.
"Stark! What's the plan, buddy?" Steve called. His partner was currently walking in circles, rubbing his hands over his face.
"Ah! You must be the man of spiders!" Thor jumped to his feet and punched Peter's shoulder affectionately. "Your fathers have told me a great deal about you. Although, I have to admit I imagined you to be much younger and to have eight legs."
"Guess you're right," Deadpool sighed. He took a gun from the holster on his thigh and held it up to the sunlight, examining it closely. "Can I ask you something?"
Although unseen, Spider-man could hear the roar of a quinjet above the clouds. It landed somewhere close.
"Spider-man. I saw what you did to him in the graveyard. What would you like in exchange for me taking him off your hands? Money? Booze? You name it. Just give me the boy."
"Where did you find this?" Tony whispered. Something was leaking from the bottom of the bag. At first, he thought it was water, but when he brushed his hand over the liquid something red smeared on his palm. Tony took a deep breath, afraid of what he might find if he opened the bag. Slowly, he unzipped it. Inside was a broken picture frame and Peter's math homework. Along with a spare Spider-man costume. The spider on the back looked as if it had been burned off. The blue fabric around the hole was charred and darkened with dried blood.
The genius merely fell back on his heel and gave Steve a look so full of disbelief that Steve felt just a little bit offended.
“Just…” The look on her face broke slightly and he knew he’d scared her more than anything. Again. He hated himself a little more each time he did that. “Be careful, Tony. You know that I worry about you.”
Tony pushed passed Steve the second the lock clicked open, practically shoving Steve into the door in his effort to look around. He paused in the entranceway, eyes searching when they found Steve’s. “What is this place?”
Maybe he could try and squeeze Steve into his life somehow. That is if he ever actually got to see him again.
Bruce, who was just as surprised to see him, smiled pleasantly. He began inspecting Tony’s injuries despite his earlier protests. “Glad to see you’re not quite as dead as it appeared, Tony. I was starting to miss you trying to convince me to come work with you.”
