Sherlock sighed, not in annoyance, but helplessness.
“How the hell should I know? I haven’t given that bitch two seconds’ thought for two fucking years. Why? Have you seen her?”
John laughed; Sherlock growled.
Fully convinced of foul play now, the Yarders adjusted their investigation to include a manhunt. While Lestrade questioned employees and animal caretakers and anyone who worked in any way with Mr. Planter, Sherlock sniffed around the elephant cages, and though he was not an expert by any means when it came to the care of large, exotic animals, he kept himself attune to anything that might seem out of place. He was accompanied by the elephant caretaker, a man named Bob Geraets, who was there to ensure he didn’t hurt the elephants and vice versa. He was also accompanied by John, who followed him so closely he stepped on his heels twice and Sherlock collided with his three times when dramatically twirling to make another observation or brilliant deduction.
Sighing, he glanced at the clock. It had gone one in the morning. He stood and stretched his back. Then he turned and saw his reflection in the mirror. So that’s what he was now, eh? An Omega that wasn’t an Omega. A head full of erroneous history, incorrect anatomical knowledge, and wrong desires to be something more than what he was. He stepped closer, examining the man’s features—haircut, jawline, dimple, eye color. Familiar, and yet, strange. A face he knew and yet would have to get used to. For a long moment, he stood there, wide-eyed and scrutinizing.
an Omega abuser. Anyone will tell you.”
And John, at last, patted Molly’s hand and gave her a comforting smile. “We’ll be back. And I’ll have a quick word with the doctor. Let me see what I can do about increasing your pain medication, eh?”
John shifted a little restlessly in the chair by her bedside. Part of him wanted to overturn machines and smash equipment and hurl things around the room, as if by raging and destroying he could set something right. Instead, he took Molly’s hand.
John slapped the notebook shut and twisted in his seat, throwing on an expression of casual curiosity, but feeling like he’d just been caught in his bedroom. By his mum. With his pants down. “Eh?” he asked. Sherlock was standing in the doorway.
“So no real proof,” said Sherlock. Then he snorted. “No more use than folklore and myth.”
Sherlock watched him go, only then realizing that he had been holding John’s hand the whole time. He rubbed John’s skin at the palm and stroked the back of his hand. Still, he didn’t stir. Slowly, he laid his head once again upon John’s chest, and, listening to his heartbeat, fell back to sleep.
John couldn’t stop himself now: he gaped wide, and he gaped long. Whatever he might have been anticipating—a protestation of the meaninglessness of his existence, a rant on the subjugation he endured in his own house, in his own bed—was blown over and dismantled in the tiny acquiescence, the gloomy gratitude, that for three days out of forty-one, he’d been the center of Sherlock’s world.
A few seconds later, Sherlock texted back.
John felt his heart thud more solidly against his ribcage, and his palms began to sweat.
“Three of them.”
“How did he look?”
—to stay? Was that something John wanted for himself? There was an appeal to this world. He couldn’t deny it. But what about Sherlock?
“I told you. We can have her stuffed. Keep her in the foyer, greet her whenever we come home.”
John let go of the railing with one hand. He twisted his neck and kissed Sherlock’s cheek.
Omega clinic.”
Then: The single
Something happened then, something John couldn’t explain, would never be able to explain, not by the laws of nature or super-nature or anything but poetic materiality. In that moment, lasting half a second, several images flashed through his mind and left him gasping:
“Ah, John. There you are.”
“Fine. Just. A minute, yeah?” He returned his head to the tile.
This morning, the tables would turn.
words were ‘Stop calling me, woman.’ Charming, that. I figured you had coached him.”
He took a deep breath to steady himself and immediately regretted it: he just inhaled more noxious Alpha scent. “I’m only going to tell you this once,” he said, glaring at each in turn. “Back off.”
Some of the haze dissipated. “I hope you mean this closet.”
“John told me that he recently had some MRIs taken of his brain. I don’t understand everything he said about it, but basically, the scans show patterns very similar to a brain in sleep mode. He bets scans of my brain would reveal the same thing.”
“I rather think it
He felt something nasty churning his insides, so he put that question aside, opened a laptop, and started researching based on his conclusions. Considering the time line, he started looking for London cab drivers who had retired at about the time of the final murder, and after forty minutes of searching, he settled on one name: Jeff Hope. And he hadn’t retired; he had died.
“He—”
“See that you do.”
“Not myself.
“Now, John, we’re losing him!”
“You’re beautiful.”
His hunt that day was unsuccessful. He had three names, three faces, two hospital records, and the additional tracking of the Metropolitan Police. But the pack had gone underground, and Sherlock’s search was ineffective. His brainpower was diverted, his thought processes were hampered, he was
“Now say ‘thank you.’”
seriously in the Omega Crimes Division.”
was hanging around. Apparently, he’s in Brussels. Asked if you would live, and when I said yes, more likely than not, he said fine, and hung up on me.”
. We’ll examine it when you’re done.”
Tentatively, John reached for her, setting his warm hand atop hers. “Do you want to talk about what happened?”
“It’s warmer than the rest of you,” Sherlock said. “By a fraction of a degree. Interesting.”
Shaking, John released Roger’s throat. The Alpha’s head thunked back to the ground.
“Technically . . . yes.”
“Two . . .” John took a large gulp of air, readying himself for this next request. It wasn’t as simple as adding a name to a paper slip, and he didn’t know how Sherlock would take it.
“New development,” Sherlock muttered in reply, but there was a tinge of awe in his voice.
“And you thought you were . . . somewhere else.”
When an answer didn’t come straight away, Sherlock turned his face up to see that John’s was looking quite green, and his eyes were wide as saucers.
Did he
“Don’t be like that. It was just a little spat.”
They were on the trail of the Teacup Burglar, the notorious crook who broke into people’s homes, stole their teacups, and left behind dead rats on the saucers. He took money, jewelry, and electronics as well, but the teacup-rat swap was his trademark. So far, sixteen hits on London flats. One of the victims had contacted Sherlock the day before. He took the case.
“Of course, I do. I’m not her primary physician, but I know why she’s here.”
“Right you are.”
, and I’m telling you, Sherlock, no,
“But you don’t need me to be that for you.”
“John!” Sherlock protested.
“But then, don’t they already?” laughed another doctor. “All of England knows this one by name!”
John next spotted the notebook in which Byron had been recording results. Keeping the scans in hand, he snatched up the notebook, and then a folder full of bloodwork, and another with transcripts of his interviews. He rifled through a drawer and found the digital recorder, and added it to the pile. Every scrap of paper within sight, whether it had his name on it or not, he considered somehow incriminating, and he gathered it all together and dumped it into a metal bin.
“You don’t know my Alpha,” John spat.
“Problem?”
“Drink some water,” she advised.
“What do you mean? Figure what out?”
And then there was the kissing. They had never kissed before. After all, it was such a Beta thing to do. In the absence of estrus initiation,
and to kickstart the heat his bond-mate would be expecting. The second . . . Sherlock was bringing food? Sherlock? On the first night of the heat? That was different. For seven years of heats, Sherlock had always left the food to John. Sure, in the throes of his exhaustion, when John couldn’t even rise from bed, Sherlock popped whatever frozen meals John had earlier prepared into the oven, or let the delivery boy in with the groceries, but he never cooked or brought home food himself. And of all take-away options,
“Do you require a fifth viewing, brother mine?” Mycroft asked, tone droll and slightly impatient.
“Tell me.”
Of all the stupid things he had ever done—in this life or any other—this one made the top of the list.
“Be a good lad, run down to the corner market, pick me up some?”
“No. But his father was. What Henry
For more than an hour, as he stared up at the ceiling and plotted revenge on the other Alphas, he listened to John’s breathing. It was tightly controlled, and he knew John wasn’t sleeping either. It frustrated Sherlock that he wasn’t seeking or accepting comfort. But eventually, that breathing deepened, and his muscles relaxed, and Sherlock knew John had entered a REM cycle. It was . . . sweet, in a way, watching him sleep. Being such a heavy sleeper himself, he never really took the opportunity. The tranquility that he found in a sleeping John may have eased some of his own nerves, but the agitation and restlessness and wanting to kill something kept him wide awake.
“You tell me.”
Somewhere, far away, a door slammed.
“What was your third theory, Sherlock?” he asked again, even quieter than before, already guessing at the worst possibility Sherlock could imagine.
But Sherlock whirled around and overrode his pathetic attempt at being appeasing. “Don’t coddle me. I hurt you, didn’t I? I terrified you. Don’t pretend I didn’t. I was just trying to be
“What about this
Later that night, he assessed the damage, locked in bathroom, biting so hard on his own tongue he drew blood, just to keep from whimpering as he tried to reach around and treat the wounds. A large, black bruise made things extra tender. The next day, he lied when Dad asked if he was very hurt. Apparently, this side of sobriety, he was embarrassed by the altercation. John wasn’t trying to spare his father’s feelings. Just his own. It was a terrible thing, hating your father. It seemed more terrible to ever admit it out loud.
, he wouldn’t find
A whistle blew. “Sin-box, Watson!” Mr. Gillespie’s head had become a giant purple gumdrop, but it could still shout and blow.
“And you love me. Glad we got that cleared up.”
“Sherlock?”
Thing three: Dr. Stapleton thought he was an idiot. Therefore, she had no idea what he was really capable of.
John 1:
Sherlock had fallen in love with the other John. And that John had gone.
Sherlock kissed his cheek, his nose, his lips. “John,” he sighed. “I never told you . . .”
Had John been drinking from his glass of orange juice at that moment, he would have spewed it across the table. “P-pardon?” he spluttered instead.
“Okay . . .”
“Just one more time,” said Sherlock.
First, he trekked heavily upstairs to John’s room. John had hurried off to the bathroom so quickly, he’d forgotten to get clothes to change into, and probably didn’t want to traipse through the flat in naught but a towel (an image Sherlock tried to shake from his imagination). So Sherlock grabbed him underwear, pajamas bottoms, and t-shirt, which he knew to be John’s favorite to fall asleep in. He also grabbed his dressing gown from off the back of the door and slippers from under the bed. Then he folded it all neatly together and stacked it outside the bathroom door for John to find.
Sherlock’s kisses slowed, and a hand dragged down John’s back, pulling him closer so that their chests were flat against each other and they could feel each other’s breaths in the movement of their stomachs. John raked his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and squeezed. Then they fell into an embrace, warm and secure. John didn’t let go of Sherlock’s hair, but he rested his chin over his shoulder and whispered his desperately unspoken truth.
Three minutes passed, and he didn’t move. Suddenly, he heard Sherlock’s voice directly behind him, his deep timbre reverberating throughout the tiny bathroom. “You sick?”
“The detective from the Yard,” Molly was saying, when John tuned back in, “he said he’d escort me to an Omega House himself, a discreet one. And be there when it was over. He’s been so . . . kind.” And to John’s surprise, she blushed a little and tucked her hair behind an ear. “He’s Beta, you know.”
“If we find them, you’ll be the first call we make. The fight is yours. Bring your pack. Just remember: no firearms, no blades, no explosives, no blunt instruments—”
John couldn’t tell if he was being critical or complimentary. Ignoring it altogether, he continued, “At some point, a beer bottle was broken, and I landed on top of it. Voila.”
“Even though everyone
“John.”
John stared out the window of the back of the taxi. His whole body was tensed, and no matter what he did, he couldn’t seem to relax.
Then it happened. What he would later recall as the most intense orgasm of his life, Sherlock sank deep, and John felt his body clamp around him. They were locked together, and John shuddered violently as wave after wave after wave of heated euphoria rocked his body. It burned through him like electric elation, and he was at its mercy. Sherlock rolled them onto their sides and wrapped powerful arms around his chest, and together they pulsed, and together they cried out in pleasure and ferocious relief. And John thought he would die like this, so long it lasted, so all-consuming in its intensity, that he wasn’t even aware that unconsciousness was creeping up on him until it had already devoured him, every part.
Molly and John sat on one side of the table, Lestrade and Sherlock on the other, each across from his or her respective partner. While Lestrade enjoyed a lager and Sherlock a scotch on the rocks, John took lemonade and Molly cranberry juice.
He shattered the barrier between water and air, and gasped. When the lapping water pushed up against his face, he choked, but he could breathe. He was alive. The Thames was sweeping him along, downriver, and as he floated onto his back to rest and recover, he knew that he was leaving the Waterloo Bridge behind. Looking up to the rails, however, he saw no one standing there.
of it. It had been a hailstorm of bullets during a sudden siege. Carnage was everywhere, coming from everywhere, a ubiquitous enemy, so as far as he was concerned, the lone bullet that had torn through his shoulder and nearly ended him in the sand was entirely disconnected from a solitary
“I know. Oh sweetheart, I
“Yeah,” he whispered.
“Oh my
Three things occurred to John simultaneously—it was like a firecracker going off in his brain, temporarily blinding him with light, deafening him with noise.
“Sorry!”
If his nose hadn’t been telling him differently, he would have thought he’d busted into the room of a child. Despite the dark, he could make out the bright yellows, friendly blues, and happy reds of the wall paint, curtains, and woven rugs. But in the twin bed in the center of the room, curled up in a fluffy duvet, was John. And John, upon hearing someone storm into his room, flinched and curled tighter into himself, drawing the duvet up around his head as though he could hide himself.
“To first drinks,” said John, a hint of excitement that sounded a bit like nervousness in his voice.
He had failed to protect his Omega from harm. That was twice now.
“Yes.”
“Honestly, John, you’re so easily shocked by the perfectly ordinary. Kissing is a Beta practice, a way to sniff out compatible pheromones. Alphas and Omegas, our sensory receptors are far more advanced, negating any need for messy, unhygienic oral contact. And once the bond is established . . .” He stopped, seeing John’s shaking head. “What?”
“Where are you going?” John asked, alarmed.
Thing three: Suppressed.
“John.”
“Is he sedated? In hospital? Have you been severed?” A strain of worry had seeped its way into his tone; the clouds were crackling with electricity.
, he coached himself. “Thank you, no. I’m quite interested in your work myself.”
. He chose
“I was looking for a flatmate. He was, too. A mutual friend introduced us, someone I knew from when we had studied together in that very hospital.”
“Omega endangerment.”
“You’d see him again.”
Then he turned back, pointed to another side of the enclosure, and said, “Tell me about their baths. I imagine it takes an awful lot of water. Do you have to wash them daily, or . . . ?”
“Wandering away from home without an explicit purpose? Being on your own like you were? Walking through hunting grounds? Rather inviting a problem there, weren’t you?
And since his mistake, he and John had been tiptoeing around each other. John was back to wearing at least seven layers (okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but did he really have to button all the way to the chin?) and making life as bland as possible, what with his buttered toast and talk of weather and white-ass socks. God, Sherlock wanted to peel those socks off of him and chuck them out the window. He wanted to yank away that belt that cinched so securely around his waist and just loosen him up, for a change. Let the skin breathe. He hadn’t even got around yet to examining the feet or the legs, or the upper thighs. If only he’d been given the chance to go further . . .
John gasped—actually gasped—like it had been a while since he’d taken a proper breath. His eyes opened to a dark room, but for the blinking lights of monitors and a florescent lamp left on just a few feet away. His disorientation lasted only a few moments before he realized he was in a hospital bed, and the second after that, he remembered the bridge.
Lestrade made a funny I-know-something-and-you-know-something-but-I’m-going-to-make-you-say-it-first kind of face. When John just stared at him in bemusement, Lestrade added words to his expression. “So? Anything . . .
But then, all at once, he was awake.
“This isn’t my fault!”
”—he threw a thumb over his shoulder to indicate the bedroom—“or estrus poisoning.”
“Mrs. Hudson must have stepped out then,” he said.
attacked
“A couple of reasons, John. The messenger has to be acquainted. It’s called a Confidence Courier, and it’s the only legally binding way—”
Chris shrugged. “I wouldn’t think so.”
“Oh my
He could feel her eyes focused on his facial wounds, and the blanket came down a few more inches, tucked beneath her chin.
He sat bolt upright and swung his legs off the mattress so his feet hit the floor. Startled, he could think of nothing to shout, although “Go away!” was trying to find its way to his lips. But he didn’t have the chance before Sherlock turned the door handle and poked his head through the crack. Their eyes met (John hoped his smoldered disapproval and not embarrassment) and Sherlock gave himself permission to step into the room.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open, his lips forming the words
“How did you figure it out?”
years? But . . . that couldn’t be right. John and Sherlock had met only
After the row, John fled. He barely remembered doing so. One moment, he was in the flat, on his feet and crying and shouting that Sherlock was mad, off-his-rocker mad, and the next, he was on the street, walking at a jogger’s pace, the only thought in his mind to get away and save himself from an Alpha’s temper. That was instinct. Self-preservation. Sherlock had never gone off on him before, let alone made such awful and unfounded accusations, but he remembered his lessons from school: a happy Alpha is a harmless Alpha—keep your Alpha happy, keep yourself safe.
“You’re not John Watson,” Sherlock choked.
The police were already milling about and taking photographs, but they left the corpse as it had been found, waiting for Sherlock’s examination.
you trying to get into the pub on your own. I saw you trying to buy whisky at the corner shop!”
He groaned again and lifted his pounding head, and a trail of saliva dripped from his lips to the pool that had accumulated under his cheek. His
“I was about to do just that,” said Sherlock.
He’d gotten off at a shopping center. Though dark, the weather was warm and the streets were alight, and it was a lovely night to be out, objectively speaking. But John was too upset to feel the positive energy of Londoners enjoying the evening. As he pushed his lonely way through the crowd, he could identify everyone—Omega Xs and Alpha Ys and Betas galore—and he wished it would just stop, wished everyone would just go away and stop stinking up the air, he just couldn’t take it. He turned the corner, down a less busy road, and was grateful that the press of bodies had let up. There, he could breathe, just a little easier. He slowed his step, ran a hand across his sweaty face, and tried to think straight.
His thinking led to the following summation:
“All right,” said Sherlock, though suspiciously, and they carried on.
“I didn’t know her body well enough to positively identify it. It’s a mistake I should not wish to repeat.”
?), when they got back into a taxi, Sherlock pointed them straight back to Baker Street for a painfully silent ride. And even after they’d walked through the door, Sherlock still didn’t say a word, didn’t so much as look at John. He seemed . . . angry.
“What is it?” Sherlock rushed to his side, chest heaving. With the heel of his hand, he scrubbed an eye to clear his vision. He took John by the shoulders and turned him around to face him. “What’s wrong?”
The crowd booed and hissed.
. He just wanted out of this damned body. He was Omega, heart and soul, no matter what the biology dictated.
John shrugged, suddenly very intensely focused on cleaning up the medical kit.
. Waterloo Bridge is thirty-five feet above the water at
And, oh God, he wasn’t alone.
Sherlock pulled up short and backtracked. “What’s wrong?”
Sherlock pulled back. Gripping John’s shoulders, he returned a question: “What do you mean, what does that mean?”
you? What was
“What if Molly were bonded with us. You. Whatever.”
Through the glass, his autonomous reflection had rushed closer, and it was almost as though he would fly through the mirror. But he stood on the other side of it as if it were a window, peering through, eyes searching wildly in the direction of the kitchen.
And he wondered what more he was capable of doing.
, but he was—
“Only a few times!” John protested, looking around in a panic.
“I’ve got you, I’ve got you, I’ve got you.”
,” said Lestrade as he strode down the hallway in a sub-level of New Scotland Yard, Sherlock and John following after, “this isn’t allowed. But I pulled a few strings. Called in a few favors. You’ve got
John could not
Because . . . he
. Like that ever made a lick of sense. You can be a real attention-seeking prat sometimes, you know, and you showing up today like this proves it. So go. Go find someone else’s shoulder to cry on. Or better yet, find some alley bloke to shag you rotten, if that’s what makes you feel better these days. I always knew you were a queer. And wouldn’t dad be so
“There’s fire in you, John Watson.”
“Oh, here it comes,” said Sherlock, snuggling closer, and John heard the smile in his voice.
“Oh?”
“You don’t know what John is to me, so just . . . just don’t.”
“I know.” He kissed the inside of John’s wrist, as it was the closest bit of him he could get to.
it to play out. On the one hand, he was positively swelling with a confession that threatened to burst out of him any moment:
Sherlock smiled. “I promise you, Harry, John is just fine. He’ll swing around again when we return to London, and you can hug-choke him yourself.”
He knew where she was going, and he knew that she was nervous about it. And sweet mercy, it was so fucked up, because Lestrade was going with her, and he knew it all, too. But, truth be told, John was glad she wouldn’t be alone. And he realized, too, that if Lestrade wasn’t going, John would have gone himself, if she would let him, to support her and care for her in any way she might need. John didn’t know if Lestrade would be in the room when it was . . . happening, or just outside the door, or just down the street, or what, and he decided it wasn’t his business to think about. All he knew was that Molly was glad Lestrade was there, so he was too.
“There’s grit and guts and piss and vinegar. My John is no coward, and neither are you. You’re more capable than you realize.” Sherlock paused a moment, eyes narrowing as he thought. “And I’m going to prove it to you.”
“I mean the dog fight. Holmes comes from a very small pack, and he’ll almost certainly be fighting alone. Three against one? We couldn’t hope for better odds. There’s no way he’s coming out of that.”
It’s not that Sherlock had tried to hurt him. He hadn’t even lifted a hand. It was the look on his face, the hardness in his eyes, directed at
“So what you’re saying is, when I was looking into the mirror, another me in another universe was doing the same. Exact same space, exact same moment.”
“Take her home.”
But if Sherlock knew, he would try to stop them. John couldn’t let that happen either.
He turned his hand over into cupping shape and rested it more squarely across John’s brow.
“Of course I will! You don’t think I’m going to let Sherlock enter the ring alone, on
“So she’s alive then.”
The Alpha brought a boot down, stomping John in the stomach.
Roger spat on the ground. “Come at me, little bitch.”
Swallowing, he returned his gaze to the window but said in measured response, “Any theories?” Oh, he was playing with fire with that one. But he was still undecided: poke the bear, or let it keep dreaming?
. Thoughtfully, he touched it with his fingertips. There was something beautiful, he thought, in the pairing of those names, side by side. Yes, his own came second, and yet he felt that it had equal weight. Equal value. These two men were partners, in nearly every sense of the word. And John experienced a long-felt, long-ignored yearning for exactly that, which he had never known with such force of clarity before. But the clarity, paradoxically, confused him. Suddenly, he didn’t know what it was he wanted at all.
Sherlock?
“No, no, I heard you. I just . . . Don’t you?”
Mycroft looked at him with knitted eyebrows, clearly not expecting this response. “Only what you would expect. My brother here is preparing for a dog fight.”
Roger twisted and jerked, trying to throw him off. With his oxygen supply rapidly diminishing, he made the mistake John knew he would make: to free his esophagus, he turned his head into the angle of John’s elbow, desperate for air. But doing so meant that John’s arm was now cutting off the blood that flowed from his carotid artery to his brain. Only seconds, John knew, and Roger would be unconscious. He just had to hang on for a few more seconds.
John sighed. That was the last thing he needed to hear. Sherlock shut down any attempts John made to talk about it, and when he managed to push it far enough, Sherlock ended up ranting and leaving in a huff.
John shoved him back and slapped him hard across the face.
“No . . .” He wasn’t quite sure how to respond at all, frankly. He cleared his throat. “I mean, no, of course I don’t. I just didn’t think . . . That is, I didn’t know you wanted . . . That is . . .” How did Sherlock intend to do
“Of course I wanted you to. How could I want for anything else? You’re my John. You’ve always been.”
. And captive.
Then, in an action that at last wiped the insipid smile off Heather Hill’s face, John unclipped the mic from his collar, pulled the battery pack out from his trousers, and left them on the armchair. Heather Hill, speechless, looked at the camera, not knowing what to do as her guest of honor stormed off the stage. Before they cut to commercial, there was the sound of clapping from the man standing just behind the camera.
As the skin broke, John gasped and let out a startled cry. Sherlock felt John’s cock shuddering inside of him, flooding him with warmth.
“Yes, at King’s College, I presented a paper yesterday. But this is nothing to do with the conference. It’s merely coincidence that I am here this week.”
Yes, he was going to be fine. Almost.
Before he exited the room, John called to him one more time. “And Molly?”
John looked over his shoulder, pausing in the act of spreading a blanket over the sofa where a newly fluffed pillow already lay. Sherlock stood in his pyjamas and dressing gown, toes at the dividing line between the kitchen and sitting room.
“It’s beautiful,” John said.
“And talking. This is where we talk, Sherlock. With clients, with Lestrade or Mrs Hudson or your oaf of a brother.” He was pleased to see Sherlock’s lip quirk. “Usually, though, it’s just us, talking, like this. Those times are my favorites.”
, John!”
“John, John, John.”
Sherlock threw back the covers and rushed after him. “John, wait, stop!”
“Hey now.”
“That’s right. The question you keep dodging. Something was going on you won’t admit aloud. Why, Sherlock, were you trying to be
“God yes,” John breathed.
“Of course not. Come on. I’ll show you.”
“No problems there, eh? Good to hear. And do you use protection?”
But John had experienced it now, and he didn’t believe those stereotypes about inferior Beta sex anymore. Not when Sherlock had been so loving and gentle. John had spent his whole life being taken from behind, because that was just the way things were done. So to be lying on his back with Sherlock above him, holding him, holding them
“Smashing. Your practice is going well, I expect.”
But that was when he came across the allusions to Omega Houses and this other John's clear but unspecific distaste for them. Curious, John pulled out his phone and looked them up, and after a few minutes of searching sites and reading up on them, he shared in his counterpart’s distaste: Omega Houses were, for lack of a better term, socially sanctioned brothels. Unbonded Omegas, coming up on their heats, checked into a veritable hotel—for a fee, and depending on the quality of that hotel, quite a steep fee—to share their heats with strangers, called Service Alphas.
“Like the dickens,” said John, forcing a smile again. But it slipped off quickly. Something about sitting so exposed was making him feel a little extra honest. “It was like my whole body was on fire. I could hardly think straight. I was sure I was dying.”
“Yes?”
But the crowd shouted something else.
mean? Or was it just random?
house, into
Sherlock huffed and turned away. “Give me time. I need to
Someone took him by the shoulders, shaking him, and John returned to himself to find Sherlock’s face close to his, bright blue eyes round with worry.
“When I have to be.”
He needed to keep it that way.
“More than anything.”
“I love you.”
“Um, thank you. It’s good to be here.”
“What? Talk to me.”
Sherlock just sighed, the sound of exasperation, and rolled facing opposite.
all right?”
As he dried off behind the shield of the curtain, Sherlock took the opportunity to talk first.
Sherlock huffed. “Lots of people have cats.”
. And this is what couples do. You’ll have noticed, of course, with that big brain of yours and such advanced observational skills, that
She didn’t give him a chance to reply, but took her kumquats and left. Possibly she had been expecting one of his acerbic retorts, but if she thought fleeing was sparing her a nasty insult, she was mistaken: he had nothing to say. He had effectively been rendered mute—
“Pushing twilight?”
“What?”
But it was while Sherlock was crouching beside the body, and while Lestrade stood with arms folded trying to catch John’s eye and ask questions with his eyebrows, that it happened again. A surge of unaccountable rage swelled inside of him. Adrenaline bloomed in his stomach and spread to his limbs, and he clenched his fingers into fists, feeling the urge to strike something. The roaring returned, and he thought he heard, amidst the tumult, a steady rhythm, like music, of people chanting his name:
—been right there, between France and Spain, just north of Andorra. And . . . what’s
“You’ll come again if you have any more questions, won’t you?” He looked up at Sherlock with hero-worshiping admiration.
“Oh.” There was an odd mixture of relief and disappointment in Sherlock’s face, followed by a quick headshake of perplexity, like he didn’t understand his own response. “Yes. That would be . . . kind.”
“They’ll show. Penalty’s worse if they don’t. John, don’t worry. I’m not going to
“Didn’t say that,” John murmured.
A well of protest rose in his throat. “What are you saying? I’m not the one who did that to you. That was
John laughed, shaking his head, but suddenly unable to meet Sherlock eye to eye. “Of course not. I had a good life. Safe home. Reliable bond-mate.”
your Omega was going into heat that day, right? You’ve got a fucking calendar. But where were you? In the minutes and hours leading up to it, when your Omega was writhing with discomfort and all that, why weren’t you there, easing the way? You should have been.”
For a moment, John hesitated. Should he put his foot down and refuse to participate in the
Overwhelmed, determined to walk out of there and reconfigure his clearly flawed plan, he turned about, only to find himself face to face with an old woman with large spectacles sliding down the end of her nose.
“You bet your arse, I will. I just wish . . . That is to say, Betas aren’t . . .” He paused, and Sherlock knew what he had been about to say.
Now, just like everything, it was gone.
, seeing as how you and your Sherlock are just
“Bloody hell, Sherlock, I’m a doc— Erhm, I’m a
“Holy fuck—”
John felt like he had walked in in the middle of a conversation. Or like he’d missed another step on the stair. He wasn’t quite following Sherlock’s train of thought.
“I’m not ill.”
“No, you wouldn’t be.”
“From Alphas?”
What. The hell. Was happening?
“. . . at least as well as I do . . .”
,” Sherlock said, extending his forearms.
John’s shoulders sagged. “Sherlock, I’m not kicking you out of your own bed.”
“Where are you going?” he asked.
She scrolled quickly through her phone (its mobile service disabled while in hospital) and turned the screen for him to see. John watched him flick through a few of the photos, saw the line of his jaw square off, and he turned the screen for John to see.
be? Subjecting them to that kind of stress? Especially if things go south?”
But Sherlock didn’t laugh. He didn’t even crack a smile. Instead, he regarded John with the utmost seriousness and said, “Do you really want this to continue?”
“That’s where the third ingredient comes into play. John called it ‘energy transference.’ Something to jolt you awake.”
“There is?”
need to clean up your mess.
“Did he . . . That is, has he . . . asked after me? At all?”
John frowned. “Well, there are risks one can’t dismiss, so I can’t advocate that.”
? What the hell?”
So Sherlock didn’t need him for . . . anything. The message was becoming clearer and clearer.
. I mean, you did get a pretty good look at it.” He sipped a little more, enjoying the burn in his throat. “Good enough to get the full
Sherlock nodded, finally fitting the goggles to his face.
“What worked?”
at that activity, and he’s clearly wide awake!”
“Like, stories of people, actual people, moving from one universe to another?”
, of neglect. What had
Then a side door opened, and John poked his head out. “Psst! Sherlock! In here!” And Mind Palace John reached for his wrist and pulled him into a closet.
They had had sex eighteen times in three days.
“Estrus poisoning,” Sherlock supplied. John, in his emotional state, seemed to have difficulty finding the words.
“Just making sure, Mr. Watson. Some of these questions do get a bit personal, but I’m a doctor, and if I’m going to help, I need to know these things.”
Thing four: Molly didn’t want an Alpha. Maybe she’d never wanted an Alpha, but she certainly didn’t now. She fancied Betas. Beta-Ys. And, unless John was mistaken, a very particular Beta-Y. The Molly he knew was (tragically) besotted with Sherlock, but in recent months, he had seen (though maybe not so much
“That’s more like it,” Sherlock said, though with considerably less breath than before.
Beneath the table, he and Sherlock were playing footsie.
“You’re impossible,” said Sherlock. “And your counterpart would kill me for this. But he’s not here. So.”
“Yes?”
to, do you?” said John sullenly.
John pulled himself out of his musings to find Sherlock staring at him sideways. They were knee-deep in refuse inside of a skip where they were rooting through a week’s worth of rubbish. The detective life wasn’t always so glamorous.
“You’re lying.”
“This is bad?”
“Don’t lose eye contact,” John coached, and though he still gripped Sherlock’s arm, he went for the nearest notebook and pen within reach.
“I don’t know,” said John, wearily. It circled the very question that had been vexing him since it happened, though never really landed: How had he come here, and how did he get back? In all that time, he had never asked himself the most important question: If he was in the wrong body, what had happened to its former occupant?
, John.”
Then he closed his eyes, and waited.
I— Shut up.
“What’s that?”
“Like hell you are. This dog fight is mine.” He whirled away and went for his coat hanging on the back of the door. “You’re going to stay home and
John 2:
on BBC Four.
the same, Sherlock.”
“That’s just one bit of evidence, mate. You don’t think that
“Um . . .”
Only to find the room empty.
John didn’t know what was about to happen. Above his head, he heard the creaking of floorboards. Sherlock was pacing. A part of him was desperate to run up those stairs, shout Sherlock’s name, and leap into his arms. Another part feared what would happen if he did. He was returning a different person, an Omega that was no longer just an Omega, and he was still figuring out what that meant.
, John. I’m not saying this because of what I know of my John. I’ve seen you standing in the path of danger. Rhinos and bike thieves and old ladies with carving knives. And when those moments come, do you run away? Put your head between your knees? Call for someone to save you? Hell no. You come
He could. That didn’t make it any less dicey in his mind.
But John, rather than looking pleased by the flattery, pinched his lips together in consternation.
Then: The whisper in his ear,
The trail led him up a grand staircase, down a long hall, and around several corners, growing more and more potent with each step. Sherlock’s insides twisted with the urgency of his hunt, his mounting desperation to find his Omega, and get him far, far away from his captors. Mixed with John’s scent, the unmistakable Dr. Stapleton, and the other Alpha he had smelled out on the grounds. If they had marked him . . . if they had hurt him, in any way . . . His fingers curled into claws, and he had barely enough control to keep himself from snarling.
John had to explain, to defend himself and his stupid decisions. “Um. Well, you see. I talked to a librarian there. I didn’t tell her everything of course. She would have called the nut house. I just explained that I was looking for a story about someone who ended up, through no fault of their own, in the wrong world, and needed to find a way back, and how everything was familiar but strange at the same time. And, well. She showed me a book. I haven’t read it yet, but the way she was describing it, I thought, maybe, there was something to it, you know?”
John threw up his hands. “Why is this so difficult for you to grasp? I thought you were a genius! Listen to what I’m telling you, Sherlock, because I’m bloody tired and sore and in need of a hot shower. I had a
“It’s time,” Sherlock said behind him in a low growl.
The first drops splashed against his neck, and John tugged his raised collar closer to his neck. The last taxi he had seen was occupied, and everyone else seemed to have fled indoors at the first sign of a storm. He was the only person on the footpath crossing the bridge. He picked up his pace, eager to get ahead of the storm and into the cozy indoors. He began counting his hurried steps: one, two, three, four . . .
John felt his cheeks beginning to glow red. “He told you?”
Sherlock was not accustomed to feeling uncomfortable, least of all around John. In fact, historically, John had proven himself to be the
“From a patient of mine,” said Mike Stamford, in answer to the question of where he had got the idea for a series of drugs that could act as suppressants and regulators of Omega heats, now in the final stages of human testing. “An Omega-Y, who shall remain anonymous, expressed his frustrations over the nature of his heats, and his desire to have control over them. That’s what planted the seed. And from there, after thinking on it for a long while, it began to germinate.”
But he was finding it hard to get close.
“That you’ll keep hunting them. Like I said, I wasn’t sure you would.”
He was back.
Having turned the whole thing over to the police, they were now in the cab heading back to Baker Street, and beside him—sitting a bit closer than was his custom—John was still shaking with the rush of adrenaline; he was almost giddy, and seemed incapable of turning off the faucet of praise.
“Let’s be frank,” said Lestrade, halfway done with his second tall drink and his filter thinning. “You’re talking about sex. Sherlock Holmes is good at sex.”
new people. They had been somehow and miraculously converted into Betas. And exploring those new bodies—discovering new pleasure points, capabilities, and limitations—had been a thrill. Erections had been . . . strange. But he could adapt to that. Sure, coupling in Beta bodies meant it was all over rather quickly, and usually (except once) happened only once in a night. And yes, it was far less
,” he said with an extra measure of sarcasm than usual. He sipped from his teacup. “I imagine you’d prefer to undress yourself.”
They had been following her. She wasn’t sure how long. Since the bus? It had been crowded, filled with Alphas, Betas, and Omegas, so she couldn’t be sure. The streets had been busy, too, and they may have spotted her then, a lone Omega at dusk, clearly nervous about being out so late, and hurrying home. All she knew for sure was that she had just turned the key in her door when suddenly they were behind her, pushing her across the threshold, and following her inside.
There was silence. Even John felt the fear rippling through the Alphas, and he wasn’t sure if it was theirs or his. A couple of them lifted their eyes to the trees and light poles, and following their gaze, John saw the CCTV cameras. What little he understood of the law regarding bonded Alpha rights meant that Sherlock was perfectly entitled to doing exactly as he threatened. To John, the odds of seven to one (or seven to two, if he could just get his feet under him—but his body wasn’t responding to commands) were grim. And yet, Sherlock didn’t hesitate to threaten, and the Alphas were beginning to look uncertain.
For a while, they just stared at one another. John wanted to rise and go to him, but he didn’t think his attempts at comfort beyond the morning joe would be welcome. Sherlock was a Jenga tower about to fall, holding himself together as a bracing measure for what John had to tell him. But when John wasn’t instantly forthcoming, Sherlock (fearfully?) broke his silence to ask.
so few of them: they dissolved in Sherlock’s shadow.
“Pity, on New Year’s Day!” Mrs. Hudson was saying.
“Sorry,” he said shakily. He needed to get out, escape to the kitchen, drink a glass of water, and calm down. But hell if he was coming back to bed.
I would have, moron, I’m not blind! If Sherlock Holmes had come onto me, I would have seen it!
“You can try.”
“He said, ‘I’d read that.’ He said, ‘Molly, you could be the next Agatha Christie.’ And he meant it! He thought I could be a writer. Me!”
“I only consult the best.”
has been a nightmare. All he wants to do is fuck, and I don’t have a choice one way or the other. It’s screw, or be screwed, so to speak, and I hate it. I’ve hated every second of it. Even if I were gay, I’d hate it. I never wanted that with
“I need to consult an expert. We’re talking alternate realities, and that’s not exactly my field of expertise.”
“No. This is nuts. We’re not talking about this now.”
John waved it away and put a smile on his face. “It’s done hurting though, eh? Dead is dead.” He stretched his arms and puffed out his chest before clapping his hands together. “Not a problem.”
“Then where is he? Where is my John?”
A simple case—Lestrade really was such an idiot—interrupted the day and stole their hours, but at the soonest possible moment, they returned to the couch, and this time, within a few short minutes, they found themselves horizontal, Sherlock’s knee tucked between John’s (for the sake of conserving space, of course), and kissing. Touching, and kissing, and kissing, and touching, and Sherlock was at this very moment lavishing John’s neck with his mouth. At his ear, he heard John’s sultry breaths of enjoyment. Intuiting that they were ready for access to a little more skin, Sherlock deftly popped the top button of John’s shirt and gently pulled the collar to the side. His kissed, down, down, and over, and had nearly exposed John’s left shoulder when—
“He’s been by every day, just to see how I am. Sometimes twice a day. He brought me lunch and we ate it on the rooftop terrace. It’s a bit weird, but it’s kind of like, I don’t know, maybe Betas aren’t so put off by an Omega who’s been spoiled. He’s great.” The color in her cheeks was deepening. “I told him about our conversation, actually. The one where you asked me if I could do anything? And I said coroner?”
John laughed helplessly and turned up his bare hands. “Nothing.”
“Logical?” If John were to choose any descriptor,
“Oh.” He picked at a bit of fuzz on his sleeve, a sign of discomfort, a reason to look away. “And before that . . . You were in Afghanistan.”
usual.” Sherlock returned to the kitchen table, sat with him, and lifted his mug as though in salute. “Cheers.”
”—Chris gave them both very pointed looks and a jabbing index finger—“you have to talk yourself into realizing that none of it really happened. Only, maybe it did. Just not here. Maybe you were sharing your mind with an alter-self while your prime self sleeps.”
But on that side, Sherlock sounded angry. His voice boomed through the door.
“You ‘handled’ them and bloody left them
Not for the first time in three days, and certainly not for the last, John bowed his shaking head and said, “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault.”
“You smell terrible,” Sherlock griped, holding onto John’s wrists to keep him from sliding down his back and onto the floor.
or something . . . ?”
felt about
John lifted his eyes to Sherlock, a Sherlock who could not sense when he was lying because he had no scent to give himself away and no seven-years’ bond to tickle in Sherlock’s glands that something was amiss with his bond-mate. He didn’t want to do it. He simply had no choice.
But the much bigger question: what did he really want from Sherlock? Besides those hands on his skin, that is.
Sherlock waited. He quelled the desire to rush to John’s side, gather him up in his arms, scent him six ways to Sunday, and rush him out the door. It would be best if John recognized him, first. But John must have been holding his breath, because seconds passed, and he didn’t respond to Sherlock’s scent.
And that’s how John found himself back on the streets, completely sober, and wondering what the hell to do next.
And then suddenly, there he was.
A hand plunged down the inside of his pants.
“Paid through the month.”
“Stop it now. Your bond-mate will be back in the morning. You know, he’s hardly left your side all this while. I had to make him go home to sleep. Don’t take that away from him.”
“I’m in town for a conference,” she said, as though it were some sort of excuse. In flustered agitation, she brushed her hair back behind an ear. Clearly the hotel shampoo wasn’t working well for her.
“Déjà vu.”
, John had said.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You’ve changed your tune.”
This John had never felt so unwanted in all his life.
“What?” said John, his brow scrunched in confusion.
John.”
“What’s going on?”
It hardly mattered either way. One thing or another, John was behaving strangely, and Sherlock was bewildered. He came closer and took John’s arm, turning him so they faced one another, and lay the backs of his fingers against John’s cheek, then forehead. He was warm, and still flush, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if the sheen on his skin was from the cool water from the tap, or sweat. Was this fever? Or just queasiness?
“All right there, John?” said Sherlock, trying to sound bored and hide, from John as much as from himself, how disconcerted he really was.
Sherlock, keen as always to John’s moods even in a pressing horde of Alphas, Betas, and Omegas, suddenly slipped a hand into his. “John,” he said into his ear, because he couldn’t shout above the din, “it’s not too late. You don’t have to—”
“Injection?”
, because it’s not even the least bit true. That doesn’t even make
His mouth fell open, but nothing came out for several seconds. Meanwhile, Sherlock and Lestrade just stared at him. Finally, his lips moved. “You want me to come?”
John didn’t have time to reflect on that. He barely remembered all he had said. He was like a volcano struggling not to erupt. But he had a more important task at hand now, and she was lying on her back in a hospital bed hooked up to IVs and monitors. The blankets were bunched to the side against the railing, exposing bare knees below the hem of a hospital gown, knees bent and pointing to the ceiling while a couple of pillows were stacked beneath her legs, elevating them and taking the pressure off her lower half. When she saw John approaching, she reached for the blanket and pulled a corner of it to her face, as though to hide.
your bleeding conductor of light, so I sure as hell am coming with you.”
He really was such a sentimental fool. As he lay the tea tray, he thought of the last three weeks and how it felt like a whole lifetime’s worth of living, and everything from the horrible beginning to the wonderful interlude to the startling self-revelations were . . . precious to him. And it was all because of the man sitting across from him, sipping his tea, none the wiser.
“Every forty-one days for a three-day heat. That’s right.”
Sherlock wouldn’t want anything to do with a Beta.
Three days, and he had barely left the bed, only to go to the toilet. He had even taken meals in that very spot. Three days. Him and Sherlock. Eighteen times.
“Erm. Yes.” Then, trying to sell it, John added, “Sloppy technique.”
The cabbie looked at him through the rearview mirror. “What’s that, eh?”
“Light it up, Sherlock.”
“Why are we talking about this?”
“Oh,” he breathed. Quietly, he said, “I see. I see.”
“Which one of you is it?
it. Just give it a nudge in the right direction, so that when John came home, maybe he and Harry could start something good.
Then Sherlock smelled something else, something about John’s scent, something . . . wrong. It was sharp in his nose, making him twitch, making his skin crawl and his blood boil and his Alpha nature take over any reasonable or tolerant course of action. He strode across the room, seized the duvet, and jerked it aside. John gasped and scrambled up the bed, nevertheless somehow managing to maintain himself in a defensive little ball that shielded his head with his arms. Sherlock fell on him, then, quite unable to stop himself. He swept John into his arms and crushed him tightly to his chest. His nose pressed firmly into the side of John’s neck where the scent glands were the most pronounced, and he smelled her there. He growled.
“You’re treating me like a helpless child. I’m not helpless. I thought I proved that last night.”
. He turned his nose into John’s neck and breathed.
No, John would wail on him if he did it like that. So he cast aside the dramatic fantasy of ripping away a towel or steamy bathroom mirrors and came up with—
do. Chances are, he’s thinking the same way you are. Wouldn’t you think?”
“Ah!” John choked.
“Are you in need of medical assistance?”
Sherlock rose to his feet.
“Why not? Like your other examples of brilliant men of extraordinary talents. Why not Lewis?”
, he wanted more, he wanted all of it. But this wasn’t right. This wasn’t real.
“Advocates for Omega rights have been lobbying for legislative reforms for years,” came the voice over, “but some experts say, it’s not enough.”
Sherlock was not about to be thought so little of. Not by John, of all people. “The corpse was a decoy, as it was meant to be. She found a woman who shared her exact measurements. Simple.”
“And I’d give anything to figure out how I can make it happen again.”
John’s jaw dropped. “Omegas seriously do that?”
. You were supposed to have stopped it.”
“Sherlock,” he whispered, as his reflection’s wet eyes widened slowly. “I want you to turn around. Slowly.”
“Always a pleasure to discuss my work. Call me anytime. Dr. Stapleton is lucky to have such a bright assistant in you. Tell her I would be happy to accept her invitation to discuss these theories further at her estate.”
“So whatever remains must be—”
“You gonna tell me what happened?” she asked after taking a long drink from her own glass. She actually drained it, and poured herself another.
The street was filled with Betas. Through bleary eyes, that’s all he could see, and he couldn’t smell a single one of them. He wandered, aimless and exhausted, for hours until his feet were sore and legs weary, and that’s when he saw where he was—back on the Waterloo Bridge, where it had all begun.
well.”
John thought about it. “I suppose so, yes.”
response to Sherlock’s monetary assistance soured the experiment, and for a day or so, Sherlock contemplated abandoning it entirely. That was, until John seemed especially keen on laughing at all of Sherlock’s jokes, funny or not. And he decided to pick it up again.
care of you.”
sure?”
“John!”
“Wait,” said John, concerned. “Can you not hear me?” He pointed to his ear, and his counterpart shook his head sadly. Then he reached behind himself, grabbed something out of sight, and lifted it for John to see. A pad and pen. Apparently, he’d anticipated this and came prepared.
Without a plan or a destination in mind, he just started walking. That’s all he could do. Walk, let the agitation work the heart and leg muscles, let the angry breath escape in hard huffs. He was in free air, but feeling no less trapped, and he realized, after a time, what it was he really wanted, more than anything, more, even, than going back to the world he knew. He wanted to talk to Sherlock. Not that Sherlock.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked, feeling something inside of him turn over. A foreboding. What had he got wrong?
John, meanwhile, had spent the day collecting clues about his past, and his new world, and piecing them together to construct the narrative of a man who had nearly forty years of living in Wacko World. Upstairs, in the laboratory that had once been his own private sanctuary, he found a box of his very own containing personal items, including a birth certificate (his father had been a Beta-Y, but his mother had been an Omega-X; like in his former life, both had passed), school records, and photographs of family and friends from childhood. He was surprised to recognize a handful of faces in the boys and girls who were his classmates, but the majority were strangers to him.
But the doctors were saying curious things he didn’t quite know how to respond to.
“Pardon?” His arm dropped to his side, disappointed. “You said she was in recovery. I need to talk to her.”
“John?” Sherlock called after him, dismayed. “John!” He ran to the door, but when he burst through into the grand corridor with its vaulted ceilings and stone archways (he did tend to favor a gothic sensibility when it came to decorating), John was nowhere to be seen. He started running, desperate to find him, reason with him. It didn’t have to be like this!
The story, as it came out over the course of the following days, went like this:
“Well,” John smiled in return, “it would be a damn shame if it weren’t.”
“Because if I
What had struck John the most, however, from watching the dog fight, hadn’t been the fact that he had been part of it (though, naturally, that was a stunning sight to behold), or that he had done well (at one point, he’d literally punched the sky after a rather deft move by his counterpart), but it was that Sherlock and he had looked so . . . well suited. They fought together harmoniously, like it was more of a dance than a brawl, and when they had left the dog-pen, having vanquished their foe, they had walked away hand in hand.
I mean,
on the nose, so I just have to know. Which one of you at least
“Mmmm.” Sherlock’s rumbly voice vibrated in John’s skin. “I’m glad we didn’t have to wait so long.”
“I say we do him one better. Before we knot him so hard his arse splits in two. The little
Another loud, angry sigh. “Fine. Come in. Sit down. And not a word about my cork tower.” She waved her glass at a precarious looking Eiffel Tower of wine corks in the corner. “I’ll pour you a drink.”
Sherlock swept Roger off his feet, landing him on his stomach. John, his landing padded by the Alpha’s body, continued to apply pressure. Roger continued to struggle, and he might have rolled and thrown John off, if Sherlock were not there to pin them both. There was nothing he could do, nowhere he could go. For him, this was the end. Roger stilled, then flinched. Then stilled. Then shuddered. Then stilled.
Sherlock punched his arms through the sleeves and grinded his teeth. “What you proved to me, John, was that you’re reckless when you’re emotional. You got
Buggering hell.
, John. God. Go to bed, why don’t you?”
Mr. Jacobs said that his wife didn’t have a sister, and the police had laughed at him, believing Mrs. Jacobs’ claim that she had dyed her hair and got the mole removed. There had been the suggestion (by not a few) that Mr. Jacobs was going senile. Initially, Sherlock was inclined to agree.
“What do you have for us?”
While Sherlock unpacked his violin, John poured himself a whiskey. Champagne was traditional at New Year’s, but neither of them had thought to buy any. John had expected to be out on a date with Janette (who had dumped him on Christmas Eve), and Sherlock didn’t really do holidays unless under intense coercion. So tonight found them both at home. And—from John’s perspective anyway—there were things to talk about. One in particular.
“The things you feel, but can’t speak. The raw emotions you deceive yourself into believing aren’t a part of you. Pain. Sorrow. Regret.” John’s eyes dropped away. “Love.”
The three youngest Alphas—comprising the weakest pack—turned and fled.
“Hey.” John lifted Sherlock’s hand off his shoulder and kissed his fingertips. Then he rolled to the side to face him more directly.
“Pardon?”
him for speaking in such an insulting manner to an Alpha and his Omega.”
He texted back:
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Inhale as you aim. Exhale and squeeze the trigger. Both eyes open now. Let’s see what you’re made of.”
Bollocks, this wasn’t going to work. But John was anxious to try out his new plan—because
“I happen to
like he was just going to talk to a bunch of homeless people. He doubted how fruitful that could be.
page and tossed it over, and his eyes flashed in anger—“actually is a suicide.”
Hell no! I’d rather you any day of the week.”
you.”
“And this?”
“It’s what—uhhng—you know,
“Shh, Sherlock, please.” His thumb grazed Sherlock’s lips to still them.
, and we can destroy it with a quick—”
“God, Sherlock.” He dragged his hand up Sherlock’s abdomen and over his chest, and by the time he reached the back of Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock was already leaning forward, his eyes fixed on John’s mouth, and it was no longer a matter of if, but when, and the answer, of course, was now.
“This isn’t a very likely scenario, Sherlock.”
Sherlock swept an arm around John’s middle and kicked for the surface. But though he gasped for air, John did not.
“They get off.”
She bit her lip, trying to hold back a shy smile. “You’ll laugh.”
two men. Just in parallel universes. In effect, he comes into sync with himself.”
“Where are you? Where’s John?”
John was shaking. The skin under his bruising was flushed red, his left hand, the one he had sliced and stitched, trembled, and he gripped it in his lap with his unbandaged hand as though to stop it. Then he put a hand to his mouth and for a moment looked like he was going to be sick. This was precisely why Sherlock never Compelled, even though by law and biology he had every claim on it. Nevertheless, he felt there was something inhuman about the act, something that demeaned them both, and it was the one point on the list of arguments he thought the Nothing Knotting movement had got right. Just the one.
“Same eyes. Same cheekbones. Same floofy hair.” John twirled a finger into Sherlock’s curls, still giggling.
“He lied to me.” His voice was flat, each syllable carefully measured, monotone.
have transpired had John not managed to get away (and he hated becoming fixated on the hypothetical over the concrete and rational), but because John
“He wasn’t there, at the time. I was on my own.”
, and in effect you were, given that this is his body, so yeah, you were knotting your own John . . .”
But he tried hard, he really did, to be a good dad, a better dad. He started taking John and Harry on more holidays—it didn’t matter that they missed so much school—and bought them more sweets and played more games. So what if a weekend in Cornwall also meant illegal gambling and shouting matches with the hotel owners and getting kicked out of their room? Sleeping on the beach could be fun, Dad said, and they made it an adventure. And so what if sweets also meant peach or peppermint schnapps, and playing sometimes meant drinking games between Harry and John, while Dad laughed and egged them on? John only got alcohol poisoning once, that he remembered. That time, he’d wound up seizing on the floor and again in A&E, and the NSPCC soon after made its second house call. John confessed to drinking the bottle, but on his own. Dad didn’t know, he’d said. It was a lie. But he didn’t want Dad to get into trouble.
“Well, yes. Fairly typical, not exactly unexpected.” He frowned, scanning John from head to foot, looking for anything that might clue him in to what was the matter.
“All right, all joking aside, John. What the hell is going on with you? Are you in love with Sherlock or what?”
“Ah, Sherlock. How good of you to join us,” said Mycroft. Sherlock saw through the affability at once: Mycroft was mocking him. With a cat-like grin, Mycroft pointed to the spread. “Tea?”
“But my
“I can keep trying,” she said.
The waiter showed up with another beer and refreshed the bowl of pretzels.
Then John reappeared, flattening the jumper down his chest, a quirky smile lifting his face, and Sherlock felt something turn over in his stomach. A curious sensation.
Sherlock made some sort of growling response and returned to his violin playing. John hummed along as he made his way up the stairs to his room, undressed, and fell into bed, belly warmed and quite content.
“Yes?”
John’s eyebrows lifted. “How you feel about me?”
He didn’t want to try. He was cold and wet and unhappy, but when he opened his mouth to protest, to say that he didn’t even have on the right shoes, his eyes fell to his father’s feet and saw them: his cleats. “You—!” he started.
“I hadn’t,” Sherlock said softly.
“That’s a hell yes.”
“Sorry, what?”
Sherlock sighed. “Ghosts,” he repeated, unimpressed.
—“or multiple?”
“How long have you been bonded?” she asked, holding a tablet.
“I mean the book.”
John rapidly translated in his own head: a two-day heat every twenty-four days. He himself was forty-one and three.
“John?” he spoke aloud.
“And wine.”
life. A changed life.”
”—he glared at Mycroft now—“you and your fat nose and your little puppet of a PA can just sod off, go back to your ivory tower, and pull someone else’s strings for a while.”
“Good day, Mr. Holmes.”
“Yes.” He absentmindedly rubbed an arm. “I never needed them again.”
“You’re not … tired?”
John nodded mournfully. “I’m going to miss her.”
, not the other way around. “How are you feeling, Molly? Are you in much pain?”
“Crack shot,” said Sherlock softly. “And the reason I’m still alive.”
“No, Sherlock,
“I said, you’re dead where you sit. Bitch.”
Hours later, walking out of the London Library with a single book tucked under his arm, he was startled to see that the sun had long since gone down. His breath hitched, and his stomach flooded with adrenaline. How had he let time get away from him? Why hadn’t they sounded the alert, letting all Omegas know that sundown was approaching and if they were alone they needed to get home? Why hadn’t Sherlock come to get him?!
“Okay.”
“What’s up with the beaded curtains? What are you, like twelve?”
“One, they are not dangerous. There are no adverse effects whatsoever to an Omega’s health. In fact, one might argue that there is rather a
“You’re hurt,” said Sherlock. “You probably landed badly.”
Sherlock felt almost jolted. He took John’s head in both hands now and brought their lips together for a second time. And this time, he heard a small whimper in John’s throat as he kissed him back. Their mouths moved together more firmly now, seeking and granting permission with each kiss, and when John tilted his head one way for better access, Sherlock accommodated by tilting his the other, and suddenly they were fitting together as surely as two puzzle pieces. John’s hand slid up and around Sherlock’s neck to pull him closer; Sherlock’s arms dragged down his back to hold him tight, and all the while, their lips never parted from each other.
“Get caught out in the storm, did you?” asked the cabbie by way of greeting.
“You mean the dog fight?”
Sherlock crouched down beside the mangled corpse. “Lacerations, probably forty or fifty, but all of approximately equal length but not much depth. Surface cuts, broken skin, but little damage to deeper tissue, or these would have bled more. I’m no expert, but I highly doubt tigers are so gentle with their prey. These are not claw marks, and unless I’m mistaken, these marks were not even made until after the victim was dead. The
while the heat built and the shockwaves came, never once looking away, and every moment seeing the love in his eyes and the shape of the words on his lips—how could there be anything inferior about
In the distance, they both heard it: midnight. The very first seconds of the new year rolled over London on the dark peal of a bell.
John groaned. The back of his head shook
“Repulsed, more like.”
Lestrade looked at Sherlock and John. “Do I even need to invite you?”
“No, no, I was there. Right
It didn’t matter, anymore. The original reasons had been forgotten. John never knew them. All he knew was the silenced desire for something more and the accepted refrain that, as an Omega, he was special, and all the more so when bonded. Which he was.
“No, I think I am.” John resolutely reached for the folded blanket he had brought out for this very purpose.
“It is an unhappy topic, to be sure. But I know of certain . . . institutions . . . for Omegas like John. It would be very discreet.”
“I mean,” said John, placing a hand on Sherlock’s chest and pushing back gently, “we can’t leave here. Not yet.”
So he had chosen Sherlock’s name as his password, had he? And 41? Sherlock wasn’t forty-one. Even John hadn’t hit forty yet. What did
“I’m sorry, John. I can only imagine how difficult this will be for you. But you see . . . It’s not only Omegas who sometimes crack.”
“Damn, he smells good.”
Sherlock’s voice sounded vaguely concerned, uncertain.
He worried that the more time he spent in Wacko World, the more melded together his mind and body became. For one, he found himself not only enjoying but actively seeking Sherlock’s scent, and never feeling one hundred percent secure unless he found it. He worried that his increasingly dominant instinct was to run from Alphas, not to fight them. And he worried, too, that as much as he hated this world, he . . . could he even admit it to himself? Yes. He feared leaving it. He feared returning to a world that no longer wanted him.
John was startled out of his thoughts. “Hm? Oh. Nothing. It’s nothing. It’s just—Nothing. It’s stupid.”
“You’ve received four injections today, which is already bordering on dangerous, and the doctors refuse to give you anymore. Besides, visiting hours are over.”
Bond-mate.
“I can explain.” John’s face still registered worry.
If possible, his eyes grew even wider. “You mean, like, parallel universes? Many worlds theory?”
He glanced up. Beneath the shadow of the baseball cap, Sherlock winked at him.
“The doctors, the nurses,” John huffed. He lifted a leg, and Sherlock shifted so John could sit on the hospital mattress more easily, and their fingers slid together. “You know how it is. The family-only policy is strictly enforced while patients are in the ICU. But it’s not like
John brightened. “Really?” He had honestly wondered about the private moments between them, Alpha Sherlock and Omega John, outside of heats, whether there was anything pleasant about them, for either party. To be more brutally honest, he wondered whether they happened at all.
His head came up sharply, and his smile was sarcastic. “I’m an adult. Okay? I love you, Harry, and I’m grateful that you’re my advocate, I really am, but I need you to show you love
John grinded his teeth and glared.
“So you’re going to tell me the truth, right now, or we take more extreme measures. And don’t think you can lie to me. I know what you’re like when you’re lying. You’re rubbish at it. Is Mycroft wrong, or is he right?”
Slowly, John lifted his head. He looked to the ceiling, to the fireplace, to his clenched hands. Sherlock thought he saw a wet shine in his eyes, but two blinks later it was gone. After clearing his throat, John said, “Just a bit rattled, that’s all. The, erm, attack last night. You’re right. Kind of shook me up.”
He lifted his head from John’s neck. John’s eyes were wide with shock, and even in the dark, by the light of the moon pushing through the window, Sherlock could see the pale blue gaze struggling through the haze of sleep—or something else—as he registered the sight of his Alpha.
“And one thing led to another, and it was all . . . very, very good.”
John nodded. “When I move too quickly, or put pressure there . . . I can feel it like it’s new.”
“Yup. Bonded. Gonna be a right mess for your Alpha to sort out, I expect.”
“This ‘omega’ clinic. What is it?”
. Especially because he wasn’t too confident in the idea that he
“All we need to do is line you and John up, and here,
you belong to
”—he indicated the sitting room with two enthusiastic hands—“is where we do it.”
“It’s . . . complicated.”
Sherlock made a curious humming noise and slowly broke the embrace. He rotated slowly. John kept a hand on his arm, and together, they faced the mirror, the one they had bought after the first was destroyed. There, on the other side, in a different universe, another Sherlock and John stood together, facing them.
But the Beta was already complying, shooting to his feet and moving away, and within seconds, the entire carriage had shifted so as to free up two seats so that Sherlock and John could sit side by side. “Bloody hell,” John cursed, though not loud enough for anyone to hear, and for a second, he thought he’d continue his protest. But in that same moment, he caught sight of a lone Alpha a few rows away, eyeing him hungrily, and he swallowed his words. He thought of Molly. He looked at the Omega travelling with three Betas. And he realized, as much as he hated it, that this was another safety measure, culturally accepted and societally ingrained: bonded pairs travelled together. Period. No one had so much as lifted an eyebrow or rolled an eye.
“I take it you haven’t moved out,” she said, eying him across the table, her hand spread close to her breast like he was trying to sneak a peek at her cards.
For the next hour and a half, John and Chris worked on the puzzle. John described every action of his body, every thought in his head, right up until the incident. Chris Google searched every key word he could think of, from
“Answer me honestly. Are you unwell?”
“Of course. And concerning John?”
Shoulders sagging, John let his arms fall to his side.
He almost shrugged her off, politely of course. He almost insisted he was fine, he was just on his way out, he was late to meet a friend . . . But instead, he found himself nodding mutely.
.” He motioned between them. “All along, you were you. Not him.”
. You think water is soft? Fragile? It’s dense, and when you crash into it, it becomes a
“I don’t think so, mate,” said the bouncer.
“Fine fine yeah I’m fine,” said John in a rush. Then he glanced down at the man writhing and gripping his thigh. Blood oozed between his fingers, and John went green. Quickly, he turned away to redirect his eyes.
John was struggling to wrap his mind around it all. The other John—he had said it (written it) so matter-of-factly, like it was nothing.
Harry licked her lips, trying to determine whether this was a trap. “And if you win?”
“Yeah, me too,” John lied.
“Well then. Knock on my door when you’re done, eh?”
“Um. Maybe. That is, I suppose it’s possible.” He tried not to hum and haw or give away how the thought of seeing the other John, knowing what he now knew, upset him to think about.
Chris was finishing his story. “They can’t send him back, but they won’t let him in. So they detain him in a hotel overnight, and in the morning . . . Gone without a trace.”
, not with Sherlock Holmes, not before his last sexual excursion at least, but that, at the same time, if he ever did it again, and if it had to a bloke, it would be Sherlock? And how did he reconcile that thought with the one that said there was no one in the world more important to him than Sherlock? No one he loved and admired and thought about more? No one, man or woman, occupied such a vital role in his life. Not that he could tell Sherlock that.
“God help me. I do.”
Another cramp in his gut arrested him, quite by surprise, and he doubled over again, unable to keep the moan of pain at bay.
Sighing, he glanced at the clock. It had gone one in the morning. He stood and stretched his back. Then he turned and saw his reflection in the mirror. Seeing himself now, knowing that he
“You seem a little agitated, John. Why don’t you try to relax, and just explain to me what brought you in today.”
Someone from the bridge above had spotted him and was waving an arm.
happened, everything from bodily sensations to sounds to smells, and he had been sure—so sure!—that he was, you know, ill. Digestively. Loose-watery-stool-and-sudden-bowel-movement kind of ill. So what the hell had passed from his body and into that bowl?
“Oh yes. Resourceful, proactive, decisive. You saved me from a nasty cut, there’s no doubt. She was a wild thing, that woman.”
“You’ve not been
At his answer, Sherlock sighed hot breath against his neck, then lathed him slowly with a hot tongue. John waited, air trapped in his lungs, one heartbeat, two heartbeats, three . . . and Sherlock pressed his teeth into John’s skin, and with slow, pulsing precision, sank into him. He expected pain—he received pleasure. He thrust backward, and as they continued to move together, as the knot swelled inside of him, Sherlock’s teeth held firm, sinking deeper and deeper, the scent growing more powerful, and he felt like he was floating, dissolving in a sea of happiness and warmth. It was the closest he had ever come to believing in magic.
John’s hands lowered, and he slowly turned his head to regard Sherlock over his shoulder, like he couldn’t believe what Sherlock had just said.
They shifted weight, and Sherlock managed to place himself in the barman’s line of sight, effectively hiding John in his shadow. The report continued.
“Erm,” said John, “I guess I’m not feeling especially well.”
“What about?”
But the real reason for the strictures, largely forgotten by the populous and only reviewed in history and law studies, was the impulse to preserve the declining Omega population. The law was passed in 1889 and, in laymen’s terms, it was a law for the common good, but especially the good of the Omega minority: Keep them from dangerous jobs (police officers, soldiers, construction workers), and keep them alive; keep them from jobs requiring further schooling and long hours and mental exhaustion (surgeons, professors, business men), and keep them safe and happy in homes, to procreate and restore their fading numbers. Keep them well-kept, and balance would be restored.
“I’ll be as gentle as I can.”
“How does one wake up when he isn’t even asleep!”
knot??”
with it. Not like that.
“There’s the fire. That’s the John Watson I know.” The grin never left his face and he started tying his scarf around his neck. “And a good thing, too. I’m going to need him.”
The cab ride over had been an interesting sort.
“Good boy,” she murmured. Then she took his hand and led him from the room in nothing but his socks and polka-dot hospital gown.
“Then where is he!”
“It took him, um, a few days to think about, erm, whether he felt the same. I don’t think he believed me, or trusted himself. He’s not really good with understanding his own feelings, I don’t think.”
Another reporter stood.
“I do.” He combed through John’s hair with his fingers, and his eyes occasionally skimmed down to his lips, like he was thinking about it, too. “I’ve been . . . distracted, so my cases are piling up. I could really use your help.” He chuckled softly at the expression on John’s face, which, John imagined, must have been one of utter disbelief at how easy that had been. “We can start with the disappearance of Richard Halloway. Been missing for almost a week now, and some say he’s fled to Taured, but—”
Sherlock seemed to be contemplating this request. He marked their place on the road, and John knew they were less than five minutes from St. Margaret’s, a hospital specializing in the treatment of Omegas, where Molly was in intensive care. “Very well. The first. Accounting for your knowledge of the serial murders: You were acquainted with Mr. Hope. Not just acquainted. You were either a co-conspirator, informant, victim of blackmail, or relative. You knew the suicides were murders while they were ongoing, or you learned it somewhere along the way, and to protect either him or yourself, you kept quiet on the matter. Until now, that is. It could be because of guilt or a sudden shift in your moral compass. Guilt and morality lead to confessions. But you’re not confessing. So this is a ploy, a carefully orchestrated revelation in which you wish me to think you more intelligent than you are for some nefarious purpose I have yet to uncover but that will in time reveal you to be a villain in my life’s tale, and our entire relationship will prove to have been a scam from the start, one which you are eager to terminate so you can be reabsorbed back into a crime syndicate that trained you in the art of the espionage.”
“I haven’t stopped worrying about you for twenty-five days,” Sherlock grumbled, but he saw John to the bench, gave him one more critical once-over, and walked away.
And Lestrade took as much interest as if Sherlock had said that the forecast was partly cloudy. No comment at all. Pleasantries dispensed with, he got straight to business. “Found this one in the London Zoo at dawn, just outside the tiger cages. Looks like he was mauled, but zookeepers insist that the animals couldn’t possibly get out. They say the wounds on the body are inconsistent with tiger attacks, but we don’t have much by way of comparison, you know? Not a crime the Metropolitan Police usually have to deal with. All the same, something's not adding up, and we suspect foul play.”
Then she patted his cheek, but from her, it was affection, not condescension, like a mother, not a nanny.
She sighed in irritation but relented. “This better be damn good. Tea then. Put the Cokes in the fridge.”
“Hear me out. Lots of theories suggest that our
“I felt it. So I said it.”
That’s all he meant? Did you really find him so dull, so utilitarian, so unlovable?”
“Your John wouldn’t have stormed out of the flat to begin with,” he said, consolingly.
“You’re home,” he squeaked, like he couldn’t believe it.
“I’m not making this up, Sherlock.”
“John.
“What’s that?”
“You’re unbelievable.” John folded his arms crossly. “I mean, I always knew you were a prat, but you know something? You’re a bit of a monster as well.”
John 2:
John closed his eyes, absorbing the sensations. “Kinder than he first appears. And the other John?”
“Hey,” said John, a hand slowly reaching for Sherlock’s face. “I . . . know . . . you . . .”
Chris Melas looked only too delighted to do so. “Well . . . You’re sure I can’t get you tea? This may take some time.”
“Now this,” he said, indicating their respective positions, “feels normal. To me.”
“You mean, did not
“It’s them,” said Sherlock. “It’s really them. It’s the other world.”
“You knew she was a sham before we even got to the kitchen, didn’t you? You had solved it before we even left the flat! He said cod soup, and you knew. Wow. Just . . . just wow.”
John was forcing him to say the one thing above all things that Sherlock hated saying, so when he did, his mouth was small, his lips reluctant. “I don’t understand. What does it mean?”
because repeated synchronicity is nigh unto impossible to achieve—”
“Look.” Sherlock twisted in his seat to more squarely face John. “I know your height, weight, skin tone, and hand shapes. I know you have a scar in your left shoulder, but I’ve never seen it. And other identifying markers are a mystery to me. So imagine that you’ve been decapitated, your head stolen, and your body left behind.”
He took Sherlock’s face in his hands and angled it to meet him, then he pulled the skin down at the cheek to keep him from blinking.
She left the door open for him, but before he stepped through, his eyes fell to the name on the bell:
spent time imagining, not until very, very recently) that John was a master in the bedroom, it seemed that the prospect of being with his own sex had rendered him shy.
“Sherlock, Sherlock,” said John. He felt fire coursing through him, and pulled Sherlock down by the neck, hungry for his touch. Sherlock kissed him with urgency, open-mouthed and lithe-tongued, and John couldn’t stop himself from moaning from a place down deep. He spread his thighs wide, creating a cradle, and he felt the full weight of his Alpha sink against him, heavy, hot, and thick. His hands slid down Sherlock’s back, and his fingers pushed down into Sherlock’s trousers and beneath his underwear to grasp firmly the smooth, round skin, and pull him closer, closer. Sherlock’s hardness increased, and John’s own cock, though considerably smaller, throbbed excitedly as they rubbed together.
“He’s not!”
“Did they cancel
“Ah!” John gasped with pleasure.
“Right then. And you’re here with your Alpha, correct?”
, while a door in the middle read
parallel universes would yield only
His interest isn’t academic. A man who could be out there, dating, having other long-term and sexually fulfilling relationships? Instead, and he says this repeatedly,
swept over him again. He blacked out for a moment, only a moment, and when he came back to himself, he was on his knees, palming himself through his wet trousers. He immediately drew his hand away, a bit astonished at his own nonsensical actions. It hadn’t been pleasurable, and yet . . . slightly alleviating. It was like putting pressure on a wound and somewhat lessening the pain, just enough to recover himself. And when he did, he rifled quickly through the drawers, found a pair of his own pyjama bottoms, and changed into dry clothes.
It was twelve weeks before they were caught, and in that time, they had attacked fourteen more Omega Xs and Ys, violently severing or forcing bonds. Nine died. The other five were saved only through chemical castration and intensive hormonal therapies that left them ravaged but alive. And of those five, four committed suicide. The only survivor became a member of the Nothing Knotting movement, which most regarded as a tragedy all its own.
“How did you—?”
Practically trembling, Sherlock turned away, walked to his chair, and fell into it. “Then where is the John Watson I know?” he asked.
. What does that tell you, Sherlock, about how he feels about you?”
Despite his chilly, wet clothes, he was beginning to feel a little warm now. Easy to ignore, at first, but before long it was quite uncomfortable. His face felt feverish, and his skin confined. He opened his coat to breathe, and when that wasn’t enough, he loosened the top button of his shirt and fanned himself with the fabric. In the front, the driver sniffed and rubbed his nose.
“The shitty fuckery?”
“Stop. What hurts?”
“He may have been the one to strike the match, but I was a fuse ready to be lit. Don’t you see? The whole time,
“I get it!” John cried, anger and hurt exploding out of him. “I get it! Your John’s great, perfect, better than I could ever be! I’m nothing! I’m small and pathetic and
“Play?”
“We’ll see about that, won’t we?” He gave her a smile and a wink.
, did
Cover art for this fic can be found
“My name is John,” he said. It felt strange, making this introduction. At least his counterpart had had some familiarity with the likes of Sherlock and Mycroft and Lestrade. But this was a friendship that had never been fostered, and that saddened him. “John Watson.” There he stopped. What they had once shared—in medical professions, in bearing Sherlock’s insults, in obsessions with Sherlock Holmes even—they no longer shared. Neither had entered the field of medicine, and Molly had never before even laid eyes on Sherlock.
But just at that moment, there was a tinkling of glass breaking in the kitchen. He whirled and saw Sherlock at the table, looking down at a smashed beaker with a guilty look on his face. A violin started to play: the Twilight Zone on pizzicato. He whirled again, and Sherlock stood by the window, violin pressed to his throat as he played without a bow, just a plucking finger. Sherlock was running up the stairs, announcing a new case, and behind him, Sherlock was trudging up the stairs, having lost the murderer, and lying on the sofa, Sherlock was moaning about being bored. Sherlock filled the room, a thousand Sherlocks, from a thousand worlds, and John, in the center of them all, turned, and turned, and turned, until he couldn’t move, could barely breathe.
“Does sex have to be involved?”
“No, John.
Sherlock’s eyes fell to a short, typed letter, and read:
The man ran fast. For a man with a gut and heavy work boots, it was surprising how quickly he outstripped Sherlock, and Sherlock had to run at breakneck speed just to keep up, but he was quickly losing ground. Behind him, he heard John’s lighter footsteps racing after them, but he was nowhere close to catching them up. They burst out of the elephant enclosure and into the open zoo, but the man was not taking predictable paths. He veered left and then he veered right, through the reptile house and then skirting the aviary before setting all the chimpanzees shrieking and slapping the bars. And then straight into the rhinoceros enclosure. Sherlock followed.
“It’s for your own good. You know I dislike Compelling. And I told you I would never do it. But then, you've never given me cause. Something is
“That’s just the thing, John. It makes
They hadn’t gone even half a mile when John began to feel a little funny. He was still looking himself over—no signs of burn marks on his skin or the bottoms of his shoes—befuddled by what had just happened, when a sudden cramp deep in his abdomen flared to life. “Oh,” he groaned, hunching over. But the pain dissolved almost as quickly as it had come. He straightened himself out and took to looking out the window.
“And to you, sir.”
“Damn right he did. Question is, where were
“Sure, that’s a good way to put it. You come into sync, and the mirror, somehow, serves as a sort of
“What?”
were indispensable to me today, as always.”
“My Omega needs your seat.”
“No, where are you
When it was over, the pitch emptied, the crowds dispersed to get out of the rain, and John was left alone on the sidelines, not moving a muscle, just letting the rains lash him.
“Ffffffuck you.”
“What is it?” Sherlock asked, lifting his head from John’s chest.
Warily, John nodded, and watched with saucer eyes as Sherlock closed the door, came toward the bed, and untied the belt around his dressing gown. John’s eyes went wide, and he was on the cusp of telling Sherlock to stop whatever he was doing when he unceremoniously shrugged out of the dressing gown. It pooled on the floor around his ankles and left him nearly bare in front of John, but for the silky maroon boxers.
He was surprised at how unsurprised this thought made him.
When Sherlock returned the next morning, looking like he had faced off with a train and lost, John was waiting for him at the kitchen table, coffee at the ready.
“Evolutionary leaps,” she finished.
“Sorry?”
And how he had fallen right off of it.
“I just got carried away,” Sherlock said. He gingerly kissed the wound, apologizing. “Let me get the surgical spirit and a bandage. It looks nasty.”
“Just an observation. I’m a scientist of quantum physics on the lookout for grand answers to our oldest questions.” She shrugged. “A possible explanation to support your disbelief in coincidence. Or rather, it might be said, your belief in destiny.”
“Open your eyes! That”—he jabbed a finger at the bottom of the letter—“is not his signature. Compare it to anything in the flat! It’s not even a good fake. For one, it was written by an Alpha-X! It’s plain as day. And a
? What for! What, are the two of you suddenly best mates in this wacked up universe?”
A full minute passed before she finally appeared, wearing slippers and an open robe exposing a three-decades-old signed Queen t-shirt, which John had only ever seen behind glass on the wall above her bed, so he was surprised to see that it looked like she had worn it every day since the eighties. Her hair was disheveled and day-old makeup was rubbing away. One arm braced the door open, the other hand held a half-drained martini glass off to her side. In this body language, John read
And for three days, Sherlock hadn't been there to make love to him. He had only been there to save his life. What a happy arrangement.
“I heard you. Two nights ago, you left the bedroom after midnight and didn’t come back for three hours. Last night, you left again and didn’t come back at all.”
But Sherlock, hands in his pockets, began to turn circles in the kitchen, scanning and cataloguing everything in sight. He had no intention of dialoguing. He had already determined that this woman was indeed a fraud, just as Mr. Jacobs had suspected all along, and he was two steps away from proving it. So he began to bark orders.
to get wasted. Ridiculous. Well. There were other ways.
my Omega.”
John looked to the window and saw that it was night. “Oh.” He exhaled and snuggled closer. “All right then. Just got excited.” He rested his cheek against Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock began combing fingers through his hair. They would need to shower and clean the room soon. But not yet. Morning. “I’m very happy for them.”
Had it worked or not? Had the other John made it home? Was his John lying in hospital, or lost in another universe? Or just . . . lost?
“. . . Um. No.”
“You cock,” said John, but Sherlock’s attempts to lighten the mood did crack his face into an unwilling smile. He reached up and Sherlock encircled him in his arms, and they laughed their saddened laughter together in a warm embrace.
When asked, John said he didn’t think he had hit his head that
Running down the hallway, he hit every light switch he came to until he caught up with John in the sitting room. With nowhere else to go, John came to a stop by the sofa, facing away from Sherlock in mortification, and in his desperate need to hide, he covered his face with his hands.
What the hell was wrong with him? John had clearly been uncomfortable. It had seemed so practical, though, at the first. Irene Adler’s faked death only highlighted his need to know John’s body in more objective terms. Hell, at the time, he had even been thinking of requiring the same of Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson! How quickly things had turned. Now he had forced himself into a corner where he had no choice but to reevaluate his relationship with and feelings toward John Watson, and he had arrived at some alarming conclusions.
“Sherlock wasn’t there. I didn’t tell him.”
“Eyeballs, eardrum, nose, throat, groin, kneecap, instep.”
“No. I promise it’s not. That’s not why I’m here. I just . . . for the next hour or so, just no booze. Okay? For me, Harry?”
looked at him, and she seemed impressed with his question. “How would you . . . ? I mean, yes, in fact. It’s a sub-theory I’ve been playing with for some time, but I’ve not published a word of it yet. Metaphysical displacement, I call it.
He took a step forward, but found the bouncer’s hand against his chest, detaining him.
“Three eights,” he said, displaying them on the table.
“All of us,” said John. “The whole population. One hundred percent Betas.”
Next he knew, Sherlock was walking away. John sat stunned, wondering what had just happened, and was on the verge of cursing himself when Sherlock returned, carrying the second stool from the kitchen, and set it directly in front of John. There, he sat, legs spread like John’s and so close their knees touched. John stared at him, not sure anymore what was happening.
Nothing. John was checking the TV listings on his phone, brow furrowed, and Sherlock thought he heard him say, “Doctor Who… That’s a funny title.”
Their hands roved. Restless, aimless, then with sudden purpose. John abruptly sat back on his knees, tore his shirt over his head, then returned. Sherlock was already half naked, and the feeling of their two bare chests pressed together, the friction against nipple and navel, was simply not enough. John cupped Sherlock’s head and sucked his neck. Sherlock tangled his left hand in in John’s hair and raked his back with with clawed fingers. Then, eager, unrepentant, he slipped a hand into the waistband of John’s underwear, beneath his trousers, and grabbed a fistful of arse.
Looking back at the mirror, he slowly lifted a hand and watched his fully compliant reflection do the same.
—he was just trying to
The remark was entirely unexpected, not just because of the quivering anger in Sherlock’s voice, but because John, for all he had thought of that horrible moment, had never, even once, considered the
“Budge over, you’re on my side,” he said.
“Yes.”
“We can probably get them to up your dosage a bit. What do they have you on? Morphine? Codeine?” He turned to see her chart hanging on the wall by her bedside. “Amitriptyline,” he read, but with a frown. “Have you been diagnosed with depression before?” She shook her head slowly. “Then it might be a bit premature, putting you on this stuff. Let’s have you taken off so they can increase your . . .” He stopped, seeing her wide-eyed amazement. “Never mind,” he said. “I just, that is, I don’t want you to be in any pain.”
“You . . .” He almost choked on his words, this time with incredulity. “‘Fought them off’?”
“DNA is only as good as the records you k
And with that, she slammed the door in his face.
On the other side of the door, the room opened up again, admitting Omegas, Betas, and Alphas into a single spacious lobby. All of the Alphas, John saw, were wearing surgical face masks, including Sherlock, whose coat was slung over one arm, and he was unrolling a sleeve over the arm where they had given him his shot. He began to understand the precautions this place took to protect Omegas from any predatory displays by Alphas. Sherlock’s scent was definitely different (he couldn’t
“Do what?”
John looked down at his shoulder like he’d never seen it before. Then he quickly pulled his hand away. “Yeah,” he said, still trying to catch his breath. “Probably that.”
That . . . shouldn’t have happened. Only Sherlock . . .
When they pulled up to 221B, John thrust a twenty pound note into the front seat, ignored the change and the cabbie’s call to
“Don’t ask me any medical questions,” John jested, and Sherlock chuckled. The heavy air seemed to lighten between them.
“He’s been writing his life’s story,” said John, “since he was twelve years old.”
After a few minutes of Sherlock’s diligent ministrations, their scents were fully mixed and purified—John smelled right again, but for his clothes, but he would get him out of those soon enough, and a dry cleaner could take care of the rest. But for now, he didn’t let go. John, whose head had come to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder while his opposite side was being tended to, had suffered a terrible fright, and Sherlock’s every instinct instructed him in his comfort. To think how close he had come to tragedy! How close Sherlock had come to losing him! It was unbearable. And his escape was almost inconceivable, to have fought off
John wasn’t entirely comfortable with his body. As a kid, he had always been the shortest in the class, even shorter than a lot of the girls, and he longed for the day when he would grow to a proper six-foot height, when his shoulders would square off and his tummy flatten out and his pecs achieve optimal manly definition. It never happened. At least, not the way it had happened for Blair McCready and Michael Sullivan and Iain Mason and all the other rugby players. He never peaked above five-foot six, and his shoulders remained rounded and his tummy still soft and his chest too undefined.
“He was running experiments for a case. I had recently been invalided home from Afghanistan after taking a bullet in the shoulder.”
“Next, it’s divide and conquer,” Sherlock said in the hotel room, once they had the dislocation actions down to an art. “I’ll take the pack leader.”
“Wiser.”
Instantly, he started chest compressions.
John 1:
boyfriend. Are they both in love with John? Where does that leave you?”
John’s heart was practically leaping out of his chest.
Open-mouthed, John nodded as though in a daze. Then he said, with hope shining in his eyes, “Again?”
Sherlock was going to return home and find that his bond-mate was broken. The seconds ticked by in stillness, but his mind was racing. The thought of losing Sherlock was so upsetting he felt like he might throw up. That meant there was only one thing to do. Sherlock couldn’t find out. So John reached a white-panic decision: he would fake it.
,” Sherlock whispered into his ear. “I know what I’m doing.” He began to stroke John’s damp hair away from his brow. The hand on John’s chest made slow, circular motions. Sherlock rested his own head against John's, and his breath filled John’s nostrils. In so many ways, Sherlock completely surrounded him. And it was strange, so strange, but he felt himself being willed into a tranquil state. The dream was slipping away, and with it, the panic at searching for what was still lost, the fear of the pack, the terror of pain and death.
he sulked.
“Good.”
Sherlock stared at him, as if waiting for him to reach the end of his argument and render it reasonable. When it was clear John had apparently made his point, he said, “Don’t be stupid. For better or for worse, I am bonded to
“Now now, that’s not at all what I’m saying,” said John. This hadn’t begun well. He shifted forward in his seat to convey his openness and sincerity. “Listen. Maybe we’re more alike than even I have given us credit for. Your John and me, I mean. It’s just that circumstances have forced us to forge different paths. I did what I had always dreamed of doing, ever since I was a boy. I became a doctor. And your John? Well, that’s exactly what he wanted to do, isn’t it, when
“Nothing. Not my business.”
“Not how I remember it.”
“Sherlock Holmes, we have a warrant for your arrest.”
This was serious business—he would abide no more questions, objections, or delays. Sherlock pulled John’s head to the side and once again exposed his neck and shoulder, and though John stiffened (he must have still been hurting from the attack), he didn’t try to push Sherlock back this time, and Sherlock got to work. Securing his arms around his Omega, Sherlock dragged him close and let his mouth fall once again upon the bond mark. He bit, first, letting his teeth work their way into the seven-year-old mark just enough so that the skin was opened and ready for the exchange. Then he flattened his tongue and pressed it against the mark, lathing generously, as much saliva as he could work up, and helped it seep into the mark.
by Lewis Carroll,” Sherlock read aloud. An imperious eyebrow lifted. “A children’s book?”
“You want me to do
fight you for him, and the law will be on my side.”
Without removing his sweet lips from John’s, Sherlock brushed the tears from his cheeks and massaged the nape of his neck, like he understood. At least one of them did. He felt unlocked and vulnerable, but in Sherlock’s arms, he didn’t care. Here, he was safe. This must have been what a proper Omega felt in the arms of his Alpha. Maybe they weren’t so different after all. Maybe it wasn’t so wrong, feeling that. He craved it. Feeling loved and desired was a balm to a soul he didn’t know was wounded, and he no longer felt weak for needing it. The point was, he never wanted to stand alone again. Maybe he didn’t have to.
“Even with Holmes out of the picture, the Omega’s loyalties are still chemical. That’s why so many of them go into depression or even commit suicide following the deaths of their Alphas.”
“Rats, John. In the walls.” He pirouetted toward the sink and gestured at the window. “You’ll have noticed, too, I’m sure, the strips of flypaper the
“What the fuck are you doing back?” she grumbled. “Having another breakdown?” A cigarette butt fell out of her unkempt hair.
“But,” John sighed out dramatically, “I think it’s quite possibly a disaster.”
“Shit, Sherlock, you brought your Omega?”
“Victim’s just come out of Omega Emergency and is being transferred to Recovery.”
Sherlock.”
“And you’ll answer honestly.”
that had saved his
“Oh no, hell no, I didn’t like that man getting anywhere near the elephants. He didn’t respect them. Teased them. Taunted them. The man was good only for shoveling away their shit, but he wasn’t an elephant lover, Mr. Holmes. He was always going on about those damn cats, didn’t give two shits about my elephants.”
Twenty minutes later, as they were nearing the hospital, John patted the pocket of his jacket and froze. He felt the front pocket of his trousers and gasped. He lifted himself up and check both back pockets, and whimpered in his throat. He’d forgotten his wallet. The meter already read 15 quid, and he had no means of paying. How could he have been so stupid! To leave the flat with neither wallet nor—he checked again quickly, and nope, no dice—phone! So intent on distancing himself from accusations of “you’re not John!” and demands of “tell me where he is!” that he’d been so wretchedly distraught and had given no thought to either of those things. And now he was in for a heap of embarrassment, an infuriated cabbie, possibly detainment, or arrest, or, or, or—
“Alpha then.”
Fantasy John tried to grab the door handle and pull it closed again, but John’s foot came down as a barrier.
John flung the covers back, stood, and marched around to the other side. There, he lay on his side, facing out, with as much distance between himself and Sherlock as possible. His knees were hanging over the edge.
Again, Sherlock started with the fingertips, the hand, worked his way to the wrist, then the elbow, noting everything: the dark blue veins beneath the skin, the spattering of moles, the pattern of hair. And an old scar just above the elbow.
“Why shouldn’t I?”
“Shall we?” said Sherlock, and they joined the queue for the lifts.
“Omegas can’t be— Oh. I see. You . . . in that other life, you weren’t Omega.”
wasn’t Sherlock!
“It’s an expression from his world. It means something like, if this happens, then we’re all doomed. Basically, he’s saying it’s impossible that I’m not in love with you.”
“That’s why I’m here, isn’t it?” John piped up. “I’ll be talking to her first.”
“Oi!”
and become seriously ill or even die. There were no reliable synthetic injections that could successfully act as a substitute.
“You come from a world very similar to this one, yet clearly distinct. The people you knew there exist here, in one form or another. You even have a counterpart with the same name, like attributes, and similar personal relations, though due to environment and biological differences, certain deviations are naturally apparent.”
“Portugal,” corrected Sherlock. “You’re telling me that in your world, such a place as
.” He jabbed a finger at the door, which left Sherlock uncertain as to whether he meant the giant, pink ostrich painted on the door of the women’s loo, or the dead body beyond.
That delicious thrill chased up his spine and he pushed his chair back. “Ready when you are.”
“You’re a wonder, Molly Hooper.” Holding her close, he noted that her scent was ripening. It wouldn’t be long, and she needed to get going. “What you’re feeling right now, hold onto it. Remember it when it gets rough. Fight for it every day.”
) that would point Sherlock in the right direction.
“In any case,” John said, placating, “he was sorry about it.”
“Over a week ago! How could you not tell me!”
“Sherlock, what the hell is wrong with you? It’s
“Yes. But why a
Finally, all his work paid off. At 12:45, with a loud yawn and a stretch, Sherlock announced that he was one for bed.
John watched in awe as the seven remaining Alphas took wary, backward steps, eyes skipping between him and Sherlock, and eventually turned and walked away. Unmoving, Sherlock watched them go, watched until they had rounded corners, disappeared over crests, and became obscured behind distant trees. Then he spun and dropped to his knees in front of John and gripped his shoulders. John felt his bones melting at the touch, power restored.
[The other John raised his notebook at the same time, his last words to cross time and space.]
that? For a moment, he was too disoriented to think straight, like coming out of a bad hangover, but he remembered the whipping rains and the terrifying crashing noise, like two trains colliding, and the simultaneous blinding light . . . Wait, had he been struck by
“Yes, I do,” said Lestrade, cutting in. “A partner should be there during the heat, bonded or not. It was Molly’s request, and I agreed with her. And that, Holmes, is the extent of what all the juicy details you’ll get out of us.”
, and he collapsed against her, sobbing onto her breast.
But he had to admit that familiarity had bred a certain level of complacency. In the beginning, things had been fresh and exciting, but not
But John smiled unrestrainedly. And that smile was definitely a 3, at least.
, the smell of another Alpha—especially an unbonded Alpha—in the nose of a bonded one. It was an evolutionary development presaging danger, alerting bonded Alphas to protect their mates, and Sherlock, even though the fucking Alphas were nowhere near, felt his hackles rise. The blood, already hot in his veins, quickened with murderous intent. “I’m going to kill them,” he vowed, his voice dark and low.
Sherlock’s eyes near as bulged as he tried to wrap his mind around it. “How is that possible? Two sexes?”
Then came the little noises in the back of his throat. Glottal stops pushing air from lungs to mouth, then the panting, the whimpering. The bed shook as John started to tremble. This wasn’t just a dream. It was a nightmare.
The morning was filled with migraines, sore throats, a crayon up a nose, a toy submarine up a rectum, and a three-days-neglected broken thumb.
“It’s for research,” said Sherlock stroppily. John snorted. The ruse had been Sherlock’s idea, after all, so he had no business getting offended when someone believed his own excuse.
“Are we done playing twenty questions?”
With powerful overhand strokes, Sherlock swam frantically downriver, surfacing and diving, surfacing and diving, until suddenly, he spotted a body, dark in the water, not moving, just being carried along by the current. Muscles burning, Sherlock swam faster. He saw that it was John, and he swam faster still.
While the crew adjusted the lights and performed the sound check, John fidgeted and tried to find a natural place to rest his arms. Should he cross a leg? Plant both feet on the floor? He felt so out of his element that the most appealing course of action at the moment was to get up and walk right outside to the street and go home. But then he caught sight of Sherlock standing offstage, behind a cameraman. Sherlock flashed him a thumbs up and a wink, and he smiled tight-lipped in return. He could do this.
“Irene is the exhibitionist, not me,” John grumped.
Then she grabbed his shoulders, pulled him in tight, and hugged him within an inch of his life.
“What? It’s a natural curiosity.”
“I am!” He scrubbed his face, grabbing hold of the reins of his temper. “But you must at least, you know . . .” When Sherlock apparently
Silence followed. Slowly, John turned his head to see Sherlock’s carefully neutral face angled toward the other window.
“Read,” said Sherlock, handing John his phone after giving the cabbie the address.
. Did you shut your brain off or something? Think about it
the man, just take out his ride, so he quickly passed it off to the better marksman between the two of them.
be done, how they
“John.” He stroked the back of John’s head. John, looking down at him with such uncertain, fearful eyes, parted his lips like he would speak. But he didn’t. Softly, Sherlock kissed him again. “I’ve embarrassed you.”
“It’s three against one, Sherlock.”
“Ignore the cameras, just talk to me,” said Heather Hill of the Morning Hilltop Show. “Can we get a mic check? Testing, testing. The bonny Beta bakes a batch of brittle biscuits. Biscuits, biscuits, la la la la, Sam, is that feedback? I think my mic has feedback.”
“Mr. Watson,” she whispered, barely loud enough to be heard, “I need you to keep calm and come with me.”
“. . . I have
. But he had stopped short, because technically, Omegas weren’t either. And yet one had. He closed his eyes, ashamed. “I should have been there, too.”
cod soup!”
“You can’t do that,” said Sherlock, aghast.
“You don’t want me?”
“I would die for you, if that’s what it would take, to keep you safe.”
A thousand thank yous to readers who have left kudos, comments, and translations, and to those who have recommended this fic to  others. Please keep sharing, and continue to enjoy the marvelous stories produced by this super-talented fandom!
“I just . . . have to ask.”
“We’ll take good care of him, Mr. Holmes. Just you go on home now and rest.”
Sherlock scowled, but John read beneath the offense to the embarrassment lurking below.
have made a dangerous situation worse. So I”—he jabbed himself in the center of the chest—“
“Come over sometime, and he’ll play for you.”
“No, he . . .” He was still flabbergasted by the thought. “He was beaten up and scented. But he got away.”
“Yes.”
day, John dear.” She ruffled his hair, froze, and withdrew her hand. “Oh, too much?”
He wasn’t sure if they would. He was scared, and he couldn’t talk about it with anyone. Sherlock still believed they had time. They didn’t. In forty-eight hours, John would be standing on the precipice of a bridge, ready to plummet, and he was going to be all alone.
“Ah,” said Sherlock. “Do you hear it? Scratch. Scratch. Little claws on little paws.”
“What?”
“This time, maybe. Next time, I’m going to town on your ass. Oh!” She covered her mouth like she’d said something scandalous, but she was still in joking mode. “But that’s Sherlock’s job, isn’t it?”
for you again. Him! For John! My John. I swear, I didn’t know! If I’d known you didn’t want me, I would have . . .”
Sherlock replaced the pamphlets in John’s coat and sat in his chair, where he began to design an experiment for seduction.
“Sherlock, watch out!”
, the Sherlock of the other universe wrote, proudly.
“What about the mirror?”
“They’ve been monitoring things closely, and my estrogen levels started spiking an hour ago. They’re moving me to the House.” Her smile looked a little strained now. “Only one day off from normal! That’s good, I guess.”
At that moment, the phone dinged and jolted him from his stupor. He scrambled to retrieve the text, which was from Sherlock:
-handed. Left-handed people don’t write like that.” Sherlock threw himself back into his seat, perturbed. Then he suddenly slammed a fist on the table, making Inspector Dimmock jump. “My Omega is missing! Kidnapped! And you’ve got me locked up in here on false charges, when I should be out there looking for him!”
The myth, popularized by television and the movies and magazines, was that these restrictions were a systematic response to weaker bodies and slower minds. It was true that most Omegas were shorter, slighter, and just generally smaller, but early IQ tests in children ages four to twelve revealed no marked differences in intelligence among any of the sexes. It was when the children were separated and the Omegas sent off to government-mandated Omega Schools for alternative education that the differences began. Some studies purported that it was puberty, specifically the beginning of estrus, that slowed the brain and curbed Omegas’ ability to become critical thinkers and problem solvers, or to retain massive amounts of information, or to understand complex ideas. Contrary and little-accepted studies blamed the education system itself for not fostering higher thinking in Omega Schools, and for hiring substandard teachers, and for establishing exceedingly low expectations for the student body.
John found himself led down a short hallway and into a room where three stations were set up as a queue, and two other Omegas were ahead of him going through it. His initial protests that he wasn’t ill were swiftly overridden: it was a process all Omegas had to complete, and he fell in line. At the first station, a nurse swiped his forehead to get a temperature reading; at the next, another nurse had him put his finger into a little machine that pricked his finger and gave an instant analysis to a third nurse, who declared his toxin levels “normal” and his status as “bonded”; and at the final station, the last nurse had him answer what, he felt, were very private questions:
John!
The bullet wound? Sherlock already knew about that. He had never seen it before, but he attributed that fact to John’s inherent modesty, not self-consciousness or concern about the scar tissue from an unsightly war wound. John was a proud man, and proud to have been a soldier. So it surprised Sherlock a little that John would worry that such a thing would put Sherlock off. As if he didn’t have a ceaseless fascination with scars! Time to assuage those fears.
“Got it. Like a knock-out in boxing.”
But the mirror was just a mirror.
, what did he need to change for?—when he remembered his experiment and his goal to offer John a compliment today. This was an open door.
“I was intrigued by your email,” said the professor. “And I’m always happy to talk about my work. But I fail to see what use it could be to a private detective.”
“If he’d only given me a chance to explain! You weren’t knotting
John grinded his teeth, and to his surprise, Sherlock replied, “He really is interested. He may even have a few questions for you himself.”
Sherlock spread his arms a little helplessly, looking conflicted. After much deliberation, he finally said, “I would be pleased if you would stay.”
