“Please?” Steve wishes he sounded less needy, but it doesn't seem to matter. Tony steps in close and sets both hands on Steve’s hips, dark eyes boring into him.
One of Steve’s fingers gingerly pushed into Tony who immediately let out a breathy sigh. Steve somehow always knew how to treat Tony right. He somehow always knew what to say and do to make Tony more comfortable, no matter how many times they’d done this.
He shoves a couple t-shirts, a pair of sweatpants and some underwear in a bag for Steve before gathering his own things. He checks on Morgan and Peter, kissing both of them on the forehead before he opens the door. Natasha gets out of the car and runs to him, embracing him in a tight hug. Tony buries his face in her neck, crying hard.
Tony hates wearing his shirt when he has sex. He says it’s impersonal and that the whole thing makes him feel rushed and unsexy and just weird. Sometimes, though, Steve pounces on him as he walks in the door and he barely has time to get his pants off, let alone anything else. Today was one of those days.
“Mr. Stark is in the shower. Shall I alert him of your arrival?”
Steve has to laugh at that and, well, if ice cream and sleeping in is all it takes to earn Tony’s forgiveness, so be it. With a kiss to Tony’s forehead, he stands.
"I-wow. Really? You want to?" Tony nods.
The idea of being so close, so connected, always blew Steve’s mind. Pulled from his trance when Tony’s breathing picked up again, Steve kissed Tony’s forehead.
It's not a bad life. Never a bad life, not with Tony by his side.
“Not mad. Definitely not mad. Just surprised. We should probably talk about it later, though.” Tony can obviously feel him tensing up at his words, because he goes on, “I promise I'm not mad. Like, really the opposite of mad. Thinking very happy, dirty thoughts about you. That's all. Unless I have totally misread what's going on here.”
"Here," he says, right as Tony's tongue dips into his belly button and his voice breaks just a little. He leans over, grabs the blanket slung over the back of the sofa, and Tony sits up enough to let him spread it over the cushion beneath.
“How could anyone join the Army?” He wonders aloud.
“Don’t leave. Papa left, you can’t leave me too.” Tony and Sarah share the same heartbroken look as Peter sobbed into his chest.
“I love you.” Tony murmurs, kissing his husband chastely on the lips. Steve hums into the kiss, smiling at the words.
“You were coughing all night. Don’t try to talk right now,” Steve says, gently brushing Tony’s hair out of his eyes and keeping his hand pressed to his forehead. Tony mumbles a garbled protest when he realizes what Steve is doing.
“When?”
“This is fun,” Tony says, low and throaty. “We need a safeword. Tell me, be a good boy and tell me your safeword.” Steve swallows thickly a few times before the words find him.
“You’ll still love me even if I mess up, right Gracie?” Tony asks. The girl blinks at him, bottom lip sticking out. “Okay, sweetheart. Let’s get you changed and into bed.”
“Go.” Tony whispers, pushing Steve away a bit.  “If you don’t go now, you never will.” Tony says regretfully. Steve reaches out to caress Tony’s face once more and leans in for one last kiss.
“Yeah, I am,” he admits. Tony pushes himself up into a seated position, tucking his phone into his pocket and watching Steve with his Intent Gaze. That’s what Steve’s named it, though only in his head. One of Tony’s eyebrows shoots up, comedic in its timing, and he smirks then pouts when Steve rolls his eyes.
Tony kisses him, rough and a little biting, and they’re groping each other and gasping and it’s that perfect, natural development that Steve so rarely experiences. He loves Tony for this, especially. He’s always surprising, always leaving Steve with some kind of unexpected shock to his system. Steve curls his fist around Tony’s cock and Tony moans against his throat, low and rough and quiet, almost subdued. Tony’s fingers are clinging to the neck of Steve’s t-shirt at the back, near his spine, and his fingers are calloused and rough. Steve shivers and twists his wrist and they stand like that, rutting against each other, until Tony lets out a soft whine and comes into Steve’s palm, his entire weight sagging against Steve.
“No matter what happens, Tony, you need to know how much I love you.” He takes a deep breath, looking into Tony’s eyes. “You are the single best decision in a life that offers many others. I can never, would never and will never leave you.” Tony throws himself at Steve and they crash into each other with a passionate embrace.
“Dates aren’t the most important thing in the world,” Steve says.
“Oh my god,” Steve manages, because he needs to let Tony know how good he is, how good he makes Steve feel, and real sentences are totally unthinkable right now. Tony's jaw works under his hand, his tongue flexing as Steve pulls back. He keeps thrusting up, steadily, and he does try to keep them uniform, but Tony's mouth is so hot, and the sounds of it, wet and obscene, are driving him crazy. Tony lets out a choked whimper when he goes a little too deep, throat convulsing, and Steve backs off with a chain of
At the end of June, Tony gets a call at 11:00 on a Monday night. The ringing of the phone startles him awake and his blood runs cold when he sees the caller ID.
Tony wakes to the sound of rain on the roof, colder than he usually is. He blinks, disoriented by the emptiness to his left before he realizes that Steve must have gotten up. He sighs and slides out of bed, trudging to the kitchen where he expects to see his boyfriend standing over the stove, poking eggs with a spatula, or flipping pancakes. Tony frowns when he sees that the kitchen is empty, the only sign of life being the empty coffee cup in the sink. Tony bites his lip and listens for movement in the apartment. Steve’s forever best friend and roommate, Bucky, went home for the weekend to visit his mom and sister for his little sister’s birthday, so Tony showed up with wine and take out Chinese and they fucked on every surface in the living room for a few blissful hours.
Tony obliges, spreading his legs wider for Steve, settling into the bed more. Steve tentatively rubbed his slick fingers were against Tony’s hole, and he stared heatedly at the man beneath him for permission. He nods wildly.
Tony nods, blinking back tears. And then, voice strained and cracking, “Okay. Fine. I’ll go.”
“Is it time for Papa to be on the TV yet?” Peter asks as Tony gets his laptop hooked up to the HDMI cable.
“What defensive thing?” Tony asks. Peter goes silent and Steve just grins.
“I bought this with intentions to use it on you.” Tony says breaking the silence minutes later. “This was unexpected, to say the least.” He closes his eyes and stretches, humming when Steve plants a chaste kiss to his lips.
he texts.
He gets Morgan up, changed and sucking on a bottle just as Peter announces Steve is on.
“I don’t know where you got this attitude from.” Tony rolls his eyes, laughing anyway.
“I love you so much, Morgan.” He passes her off to Sarah so he can get to Peter’s level.
It’s just a bad day, Steve thinks as he watches Tony wash his body free of sweat, lube and come.
It took a five hour car ride to get to this surprise location, and after the hundredth threat and question, Tony finally decided to fall asleep to pass time. Tony is nudged awake upon arrival with a soft kiss and even softer words. It’s dark out, he notices, and the most beautiful scene is in front of him. Steve smiles shyly at him as they walk to the center of the rink, watching his expression. Fairy lights are strung over the gazebo and there’s a table for two sitting in the center. Roses are scattered everywhere, and a basket of food and champagne rests atop the table. Tony’s gasp is enough to send chills down Steve’s spine.
Tony settles onto his back, chest heaving, and eyes shutting. Steve is hot everywhere, aching with want as he clambers atop him, thrusting his hot cock along Tony’s abdomen. He takes himself in his hand and pumps with abandonment before he comes across Tony’s belly.
“Stark-Rogers,” He corrects. “You’re stuck with me, big guy.” Steve smiles, tugging Tony impossibly closer.
“Yes,” Steve says dryly. “Thank you. Would you put him on?”
“Wouldn’t miss it.”
“Do you want to know what happened?” Bucky finally asks. Tony nods. “His convoy was attacked. He was taken hostage. I got a call from Peggy Carter, she would have called you but didn’t have your number. The officials normally would call, yes, but since this is kind of a family affair, they gave it to Peggy and I.” Tony’s tears start again, but no sound comes out. “So. Peggy found him. He’s pretty beaten up; has a collapsed lung, some internal bleeding and a couple broken bones but it isn’t anything the doctor’s can’t fix. He’s in surgery now, at least that’s what they told me a couple hours ago.” Again, all Tony is able to do is nod.
He cleaned every square inch of the house. He did all his, and Tony’s, laundry. He even baked cookies. He needed something to do and he needed something to do now. He shoved his pencil case back into its rightful drawer and comes across an unopened bottle of lube. He smirks, suddenly knowing what he wants to do. Rather, who he wants to do.He takes the elevator to Tony’s floor, and knocks on his door. He frowns a little when no one answers.
Steve nods frantically, and then Tony’s lips are on his. He melts into the kiss, opening his mouth for Tony to lick at his tongue and nip gently at his bottom lip. Tony reaches up into his hair and tugs, right at the base of the skull, and Steve follows instinctively, tilting his head back so Tony can bite his neck too gently to leave marks. He whines and Tony laughs quietly against his throat.
Tony gestures at his throat and throws his hands up, then scoots over so he’s closer to the arm. He pats the open spot on the couch.
Tony connects their lips and pins their intertwined hands on either side of Steve’s head. Tony gasps into the kiss, pulling back just so, and looks into Steve’s beautiful blues, his plump bottom lip tucked between his perfect teeth.
“Steve,” He whispers. Steve shushes him with a soft kiss to his lips and pulls away with a smile.
“What are you sorry about? I’m sorry I was so angry.” Tony shrugs, pulling away to look Steve in the eyes.
Pepper laughs softly. “You forget I was his assistant for close to ten years,” Pepper reminds him “I can handle it. I’ll let you know when he’s back.”
“I love you, too. Now come on, let’s skate.”
Steve is wide awake at three a.m, mind reeling with every possibility of how the situation could go. On the one hand, Peter could be thrilled and Steve can finally relax and start planning his impending proposal. But, on the other hand, he could react poorly. He could cry and scream and push Tony and Steve away from each other. That’s not what he wants. Not at all.
“Of course I remember Peggy. She’s the only woman that has ever been able to put Bucky in his place.” He laughs. “Tell her hi for me. It’s nice you have someone to lean on. And speaking of Bucky, I ran into him last weekend at the grocery store. He sends his love, and he told me to tell you you better come home or he’s coming after you.” Steve laughs, such a nice sound that Tony can’t help but to smile dopily.
“I think so,” He says zipping up his bag. “It’s only six months. We’ve gone longer.” He reminds gently against Tony’s lips. “I love you so fucking much.”
Most of the time, being with Tony is easy. Whether that means being the guy Tony kisses whenever he wants, or just being around him, it’s true both ways. Sometimes it’s Tony telling a story about something Bruce did in their chem lab, hands moving wildly, eyes enthralling. Other times, it’s laughing as Tony sneaks things into the grocery cart or moving easily around each other when they make dinner. The rest of the time, it’s exhausting.
Tony obliges and is not disappointed at what he sees. He is met with the sight of Steve yanking his shirt off over his head. He wants to tell him to slow down, let him enjoy this as much as he enjoyed the show he put on for him, but at the same time, he's so desperate, just wants to be filled again, that he can't bring himself to say the words out loud. Steve's chest is everything—strong, broad, well-muscled— and Tony's mouth falls open hungrily as Steve shucks his pants and boxer briefs in one go, erection springing free. His cock is thick and long, the head a dark red as it helplessly leaks. Tony licks his lips subconsciously. Steve chuckles but says nothing as he reaches for the condom, rolling it onto his cock in achingly slow movements. Tony is mesmerized and reduced to a boneless heap. He wants to help; to pass him the lube, help him put the condom on or shift positions. But Tony is frozen and couldn’t move even if he wanted to. Steve taps him on the hip, gesturing for him to move closer to the side of the bed, and he does, in slight confusion. Steve climbs onto the mattress, propping himself up on his elbows, and leaning up to kiss Tony hotly.
“I said no talking,” he says kindly, smiling off of Tony’s eye roll and tugging the blankets back up to his shoulders. “I’m calling Pepper. She’s taking you to the doctor today.”
“Hey, now. Let me see that gorgeous face.” Tony urges sweetly, nudging Steve’s hands away from his face. The man looks so fucked out; face flushed, hair sticking to his sweaty forehead, eyes wide and dark with lust. His teeth are buried in his bottom lip and his face is scrunched up in what Tony hopes is pleasure. Tony slams his hips forward and smiles devilishly at Steve’s broken moan.
"We’ll figure it out," Steve agrees, and he gently pushes them apart so he can press a kiss to Tony's forehead. Tony grins.
“Hey, shhh. I’ve got you. You’re okay.” Tony holds him as he cries, rubbing his back soothingly. Steve sniffles after a while, having calmed down and looks up into Tony’s worried eyes.
“Sure. Mr. Rogers is on the surgical recovery floor. I just need to see your ID, please.” Tony fishes out his wallet and produces his ID. She hands him a bright yellow sticker and gives him directions.
Tony absolutely whimpers as Steve sucks a bruising kiss into his clavicle. "Oh, my God," Tony mutters. "Steve, please, I need you to touch me."
“Love you.” Tony mumbles. Steve kisses his head and closes his eyes, having full faith in Tony Stark.
“I’ll explain, I promise. Pack a bag and come outside, please.” And Bucky hangs up. Tony stares at his lockscreen, a photo of him, Peter and Steve on the day Morgan was born and just cries.
His face is scrunched up in ecstasy and his chest rises and falls rapidly. Tony can feel his pulse where they’re connected and, if he were a normal person, Steve would be just this side of cardiac arrest. Tony thrusts into Steve with abandonment and grips Steve’s biceps. Steve continues to choke out moans and whimpers all while writhing in pleasure.
“Let’s go eat, I’m starving.” Steve says suddenly. He helps Tony up and out of the skates and up to the gazebo. He pulls Tony’s chair out for him and pours some water.
“What do you want to do for dinner?” Steve asks in lieu of arguing.
“He told me I would never amount to anything parenting like this.” Tony sighs, swallowing hard around the growing lump in his throat. “He told me to get a nanny, that he and mom did and I turned out okay.” Tony exhales deeply out his nose. “I’m just so afraid that I’ll fail.” Steve abandons his wine glass and takes Tony’s out of his hand. Steve has both hands resting on his cheeks, forcing him to look into his eyes.
“I shouldn’t have stonewalled you the other night. Leaving probably wasn’t the best thing, either. But I needed space, time to think, you know.” Steve can’t help but smile, wry as it is.
“Yeah, sure. Sure.” Tony caresses his cheek and presses a gentle kiss to his lips.
Steve spreads his hands despairingly. “If I tell you what to tell me it doesn't work. Then it's still me making the decisions. But if, oh God, I don't know. If you were to bend me over the sofa and tell me to hold still so you could fuck me, I'd hold still and I'd let you fuck me and it would be good. Really good.”
"You okay? You've got a funny look on your face." Steve asks sipping his coffee.
He would be photographed just walking next to a woman, whether her knew her or not, and said photograph would be all over the tabloids with some bullshit headline like,
He's never actually had to explain it before. He just started doing stuff his boyfriend liked, and it worked, so they kept going and he picked up the words for it along the way. Trying to explain everything is an overwhelming prospect, even if he wasn't already spacing out. So maybe he should just explain enough that they can get through tonight? Tony might not even like topping him once he tries it, and then they'll know and they'll just… try to avoid pressing Steve’s buttons like that, or something. Tony’s an adult, he's capable of saying no. And Tony lets Steve top him, so even if he hates it the other way around, Steve still has a lot to be grateful for.
“Steve, come on,” Tony pleaded. “It isn’t
“You’re so greedy,” Steve’s mouth says, practically on autopilot now, but at the same time he wants to see where this goes. He wonders if this is how Tony feels all the time, powerful with just a hint of want. He traces the dildo where it meets Tony’s entrance with his fingertip, his touch light and teasing, noticing how Tony arches into it.
“Why would I be nervous?”
"Yeah," Tony reassures him. "Just love you." Steve blushes, smiles and caresses his knuckles. Tony thinks this could be an okay thing, moving in. He summons all the courage in his being and speaks.
“I don’t know what he told you, but none of it is true, Tony. Not any of it.” Tony takes a glass from him and leans against the counter.
It’s the last Saturday before Steve is set to leave and Tony is awake at an ugly hour of the morning. They’re still naked from their night together, watching Steve as he sleeps deeply, eyes trailing along his form. It’s weird, he thinks, how he could feel like he hasn’t looked at him enough, despite the fact they’ve lived together for over a decade, known each other for much longer. Tony reaches out to touch, soft and gentle, and settles with his left hand resting on the curve of Steve’s cheek.
"Take off your clothes," He says, his voice even softer. And Tony, blushing bright crimson, is compelled to obey, couldn't control his body if he tried. Steve doesn't move, just stands there by the bed with arms folded, observing as Tony slides the belt from his pants. Tony removes his shirt carefully, sets it on the chair, atop his jacket, then takes a step forward, down to his briefs.
When he finally gets Tony to agree to the thermometer, it reads 102.8 degrees.
“You can tell me whatever you want, I promise it’s all important.” Peter beams at the TV screen. “Well, hi, little miss!” Morgan’s head whips around in search of the noise, so Tony lifts her up and points to the TV. “Hi, Morgan. I love you, honey. Papa misses you.” Morgan breaks out into a gummy smile, probably from seeing herself in the lower corner of the screen and hearing her name, but Tony wants to think it's because of Steve.
Tony is bone tired. Morgan has been sick for the better half of a week and Peter is just irritable and cranky. He gets it, really. He’s had his Dad with him for his entire life and he’s suddenly gone. Tony would be mad too (if his father wasn’t such an asshole, that is).
“Tony,” Steve starts nervously as they make their way to the living room. “I would like to try role-playing with you, but I don’t want to bring my work into the bedroom.” He says running his thumb over his boyfriend’s knuckles. Tony’s face falls slightly, but he bounces back quickly.
In the morning, Bucky will come in and heckle Steve about being able to only use one arm. They’ll call Sarah and the kids and Nat, apologizing and letting them know that everything is going to be okay. They’ll meet with Steve’s doctors, learn that he is lucky to be alive, that if the shrapnel that caused the internal bleeding was any more to the right than it was, his heart would have been blown to pieces. They have a long road to recovery, both physically and mentally. But when he gets back in the car later that week to go home, nothing else matters.
“I know.” Steve moves to hold him in his arms, rubbing his back.
“As much as I would love to watch you try and keep your mouth shut,” Steve smiles as he rubs his hands through Tony’s hair, “not tonight. You need to rest.”
“Maybe when classes are over, we can go to my parent’s place in Malibu.” He stops, bites his lip. Steve’s smiling.
Tony bites down on his lower lip as he registers the hoarse arousal that tinges his voice. They're not so far apart now, and he takes another step closer, shortening the gap even more as he licks his lips. Steve swallows again, reaches out slowly, reverently, hands on his shoulders pressing down, stopping him in his tracks, grounding him.
When he reaches the tower, he half expects to be locked out by Friday. The thought occurs to him that Tony probably can’t speak, thus not being able to command her. He flicks the hall lights on as he moves into the living room.  The lights are all off and there’s Tony; sprawled across the sofa. Tony takes one look at him and rolls over so he’s facing the back of the couch.
.” Tony is trying not to yell.
“You are amazing.” Tony sniffles. “How did you do this?” Steve smiles through his tears.
“Armor.” Tony smiles seductively and strokes his fingers through his hair a few more times.
"Turn," he orders Steve, who obeys the gentle tugging at his knee and twists his body, bringing one leg up onto the sofa and leaving the other on the floor. Tony settles between them, lying on his belly and propping himself up on his elbows. The sofa’s just a little too short for this: he has to bend his knees, his socked feet up against the armrest.
"It’s only five days, buddy.” Tony explains to his tearful son, clutching him like he’s never going to see him again. “I’ll be back before dinnertime on Saturday.”
“Well, since Peter’s in school and my SI schedule is always changing, why don’t we take Sunday? Give you more time to talk to the kiddos.” Tony suggests.
“Yeah, later’s good. Can I kiss you?”
Steve types out a thank you, drops his phone back on his desk, sighs and looks up to the ceiling. His guilt is eating him alive.
Tony blows on the tip and Steve hisses at the cool air hitting his hot cock. He chuckles and takes him into his mouth, tongue swirling around the head, lapping up the precome before sucking
“Not much,” Steve says truthfully. “Just that your dad called, and that you had a bad day.” Steve kisses his forehead, forcing him to look him in the eyes. “Eat your dinner and then come upstairs. We’ll talk about it later.”
“I love you, too.” Tony blinks and inhaled once before exhaling. “Let’s do it.”
Tony probably didn't mean anything by it. He just hadn’t seen Steve all day, got excited and pounced on him for a kiss right in the middle of the bar. And Steve is never going to turn down kissing Tony, so he took half a step back to lean against the wall and enjoy the moment. Except that they’re in the middle of a bar and anyone can hear them, and when he pointed this out, Tony said “So be quiet,” pushed his shoulders back, and Steve was gone. Tony was pressing against him and nipping at his ear and all Steve could do was try desperately not to moan. He's pretty sure he stopped breathing for a while there, too.
“Some self defense. Just in case.” Steve reassures. “And that’s the last time I show you anything.” Steve says turning to glare at Peter. Peter smiles playfully and shrugs, slipping back into conversation as Tony drove them home.
“Yeah. That’s great. Sunday it is.” He can hear the smile again. “Look, baby. I have to go, this was just a call to set that up and let you know I’m okay. I still need to call my mom. But we’ll talk Sunday, I promise.”
“Shh. They’re going to prescribe you antibiotics, that’s all,” Steve says, though he can’t be certain. “I’m booked all morning or else I would go with you.” Tony’s eyes start to well up with tears and Steve can’t tell if it’s a play for sympathy or genuine fear. It could go either way with Tony.
So he generally stayed under the radar; investing in a copious amount of baseball caps, hooded sweatshirts and jackets. When Tony eventually caught on, he supplied a full collection of Ray Ban sunglasses.
Tony pauses, like he's thinking about that. "Vigilantes? No," he says. “But in a world with anthropomorphic turtles, I’d be all over that.” Steve laughs again, harder, his head lolling back against the sofa, and Tony looks up at him with an expression of mock irritation. "Stop laughing or I can't suck your dick," he says, hooking his fingers in the waistband of Steve's pajamas.
"Me too."
“Tony,” he says, because it’s the only word that really makes sense. Then he nods. “Okay, yeah, I know. And I know that you have to be responsible for yourself. I can’t make you hold yourself to different standards, or whatever, I don’t know.” He shrugs. Tony is smiling again. “I know you get anxious, too. You get...worried, over small stuff.”
“Holy shit, Tony. Keep going, baby, please.” Steve rasps, hands tangling in his hair, trying to resist the urge to thrust forward. Tony narrows his lips and pulls his head back before pushing forward again, moving his hands to hold onto Steve’s hips. He picks up a rhythm, stopping occasionally when Steve was buried in the back of his throat to swallow around him.
that's turning you on?"
“I don’t like it when you throw yourself into busy work down there by yourself.” Steve says softly, not to startle the baby, but is looking at him seriously with worry coating his features. “It worries me.”
“I could be lazier,” he says, rather enigmatically. Steve blinks at him, opening his mouth to ask, when Tony's hand slides up his thigh and takes hold of his hip, pulling.
“Good morning,” Steve murmurs against his lips after a moment.
Tony hums low in his throat. “And if I didn't want to fuck you? If I wanted to make you suck me off?”
“Okay.” Steve runs his palm over Tony's hair, his heart swelling at the easy contentment in Tony's voice and the mindless way he keeps trying to squirm closer. “Not yet.”
“Tell them no.” Steve wants to laugh, but knows it isn’t the time.
“Are you okay?” He asks nervously, afraid he had hurt the man. Tony breathes deeply for a moment and nods.
“No,” Steve chuffs, stopping his thrusts. “Let me hear you.”
“Woah,” Tony breathes. “I thought we were meeting here and I fell asleep. I’m sorry, this one’s on me.” Steve’s jaw tenses, still frozen in the doorway.
“You doing okay?” Steve asks, dropping Tony’s cock from his lips with an audible pop. Tony huffs in irritation at the lack of sensation, nothing malicious behind the action.
Then he notices, feels hot and tight with need, his cock achingly hard. Tony drags him up to lie beside him and hooks a leg around his, keeping him in place. Steve  has no idea what to do with his hands until Tony says, “Hold on to the headboard for me, sweetheart,” and makes everything simple.
“Nice reading, bud.” Tony says resting a hand on the back of Steve’s neck, the other ruffling his son’s hair. Peter looks up proudly at his father and grins crookedly.
“I’ve been busy with midterms,” Steve lies.
“That’s nothing,” Tony agrees. “I swear to god if you die, I’ll revive you just to kill you.” Steve snorts and leans forward to kiss him.
He grumbles as he tosses his phone onto the counter. It buzzes almost immediately.
When the time came and Tony was prepped enough, Steve pulled his fingers out carefully. Steve slicks himself up and settles himself over his panting boyfriend.
“Who’s the shy one, now, huh?” Steve smiles, kissing Tony happily.
The emotions catch up to him and—fuck. He’s crying. He buries his face into Tony’s shirt, sobs quietly and just thrusts his hips as fast as he can, throwing one of Tony’s legs over his shoulder.
“You are so fucking hot.” Tony murmurs, hips grinding faster. “Steve, please.” Tony whines as he grinds relentlessly. Steve kisses him as he takes his leaking cock in hand, starting off with slow strokes, twisting his wrist on the upstroke and smiles like a sadist. Tony starts to thrust into his grip, whimpering and whining. He eventually takes mercy and picks up speed. It isn’t too long before he finds himself struggling to breathe, short breaths coming in at an alarming rate.
“Don’t hide, sweetheart. I love hearing you fall apart for me.” Tony says rolling his hips. Steve bites back a whimper and clutches Tony’s hips tightly. “Come on, please? Please let me hear you.” He urges, moving his hips dirtily.
And Tony obeys, immediately, still holding the toy in place with one hand until Steve steps forward and takes it from him. It’s heavy in his hand, bigger than either of them, the girth wide enough that his thumb and middle finger barely touch around the circumference, and as he thrusts it a few inches deeper into Tony, the noise it prompts is fucking fantastic.
“Hi.” Tony licks his lips, wetting them, his mind reeling. “Do you mind if I join you?” He asks over the noise of the water. Steve grins, rakes his eyes up and down Tony’s body, and nods.
"Tony," he hears Steve growl. He whines as he removes his fingers, the sudden feeling of emptiness less than desirable. "Open your eyes." Steve instructs.
“So what’s with all the surprises, hm?” Tony asks curiously. Steve blushes and clears his throat.
“Tony.” He whines. “I’m gonna come, soon.” Tony tightens his grip on Steve’s hips and doubles his efforts and it’s less than a minute before Steve is coming down his throat with a an embarrassingly high moan. He swallows and pulls off, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He glances up at Steve through his lashes and Steve’s heart skips a beat as he helps his beautiful—beautiful!—boyfriend off the ground. Steve kisses him hard again and Tony grinds his hips against Steve’s thick thigh. Steve chuckles as Tony moans against his lips.
Steve takes his dick into his mouth and is shocked when he moans again. It’s just—well, Steve looks downright obscene with his pretty pink lips wrapped around his dick, and Tony couldn’t help it. He just had to moan. Tony has himself propped up on his elbows and is looking at Steve in pure amazement as he bobs his head. He pets at his hair lovingly, looking down into his eyes that were more black than their typical blue. Steve looked up at Tony as he pulled away, making Tony whimper at the loss of contact.
“Christ, baby. This is, what, the fourth time this year?” Steve asks as he feels along Tony’s neck, just below his jaw line. His glands are swollen. Recurrent tonsillitis, if he had to guess. He went through his as a kid.
“I’m sure he would. Are the babies asleep?” He asks, sounding a little hurt. Tony just nods.
“Let’s get drinks. You ‘n me.”
“Nervous?” Tony says and Steve chuckles.
"Is this okay?" Tony swallows.
“Wow.” Tony murmurs. Steve hides his face inside his neck and kisses him there.
“You’re giving me bedroom eyes and as much as I love them, we can’t. Right now, anyway.” Steve kisses him chastely one last time before pulling away. “We have to leave soon.” Tony raises an eyebrow, stealing Steve’s coffee and sliding onto the counter. He picked it up from his mother, as much as he hates to admit it.
“Daddy, come with me!” He pleads as he pushes his chair in. Tony strokes a thumb over his cheek and smiles at him.
Tony hums again. “Not now,” he sighs, and kisses Steve’s belly again.
“That,” He says with a small rotation of his hips. “I will gladly do.”
“Jesus fuck,” Natasha whistles as she sees her co-worker take his seat at his adjoining desk. Steve, knowing immediately what she’s referring to, tugs his collar up a little higher. “Date night went well, I take it?”
They don’t use condoms; it was around their second anniversary when Steve made the proposal to get tested. When both men came back clean, they put the condoms high on a shelf and haven’t looked back.
“Chicken, tomato and pesto sandwiches.” Tony smiles; his favorite person made him his favorite sandwich.
"I was comfy," Tony murmurs, and he's turned his head to lick down to the base so his breath is hot on Steve's balls. Steve just focuses on not squirming too much. Tony is being an unbearable tease, brushing feather-light touches everywhere but where he needs them, scattering kisses over his inner thighs and then up to his stomach again. Steve fumbles to pull his shirt off over his head, give Tonymore access.
He heaves it to the side with a heavy sigh and begins to do some stretches to ease the tension in his shoulders and neck. He breathes deeply, willing the tears that are welling in his eyes and throat to go away.
Steve immediately turns them off and carefully approaches the bed, sitting down on the edge and pulling the blankets off Tony, slowly, noting the way he shivers and buries his face deeper into his pillow. Steve frowns and puts his palm flat on the small of his back, just where his shirt is starting to ride up. He’s hot to the touch.
Steve is again struck by how much Tony does with such little time. Steve sighs and prods one of the less well-read titles from the top shelf. It’s another biography. There are a couple of bends in the spine, so Tony’s definitely taken a look at the book, but it’s otherwise pretty pristine.
“Now I really don't know where your head's at,” He says. “What are you apologizing for?”
“Oh,” Tony says, disappointed. “What do you mean?”
“Bullshit.” Bucky accuses. “Did you guys break up?”
It’s two weeks after Steve leaves when he calls home for the first time.
“You love me.”
“I’m doing better than
"I am so happy I found you." Tony whispers against his lips. Steve shudders at the hot breath that dances over them.
“I can’t tell them no.” He says calmly.
“Hey, you.” Steve announces as he walks into the lab. Tony smiles, still tinkering with the tablet in front of him. “I was wondering where you snuck off to.” Tony puts the tablet down when Steve places a plate of lasagna, salad and a piece of bread in front of him.
He unlocks the door and stops just over the threshold. Tony is standing at the stove, pasta sauce simmering and what can only be Maria Stark’s famous ravioli boiling next to it.
“Jarvis, where’s Tony?”
“I love you too, Tony. Very much.” They’re silent, listening to each other breathe like they would when they were dating in college and didn’t want to hang up. “I’ll call you whenever I get the chance, of course. Sunday’s are definite, though.”
“It’s been a long week for sure.” Tony replies, draping himself over Steve, a soothing weight.
Steve smirks. “Yes?”
“Hey,” Pepper says, her voice filling the car. “Tony was making a show of not texting you back. I figured you’d want an update.”
“I love you.” Steve says reverently.
“So good,” he says again, because he can’t stop, not now he knows he has a free pass to tell Tonyall the things he won’t usually hear. “How did I get here, how did I get you, you’re so gorgeous, Tony, you’re so good—”
, and ends up with a half-shrug half-smile that he hopes at least communicates that he isn't having a panic attack. He's trying, he really is, but it's like trying to swim against the current and Tony isn't helping at all. He’s stepping back towards him and staring and reaching to cup his neck in one warm hand. Steve leans into it, he can't help it. He's not pulling even a little but, God, Tony’s fingers in his hair.
“Of course. Your comfort means everything to me.” Tony says seriously. “Whatever you need, baby. I’ll do it.” Tony says, leaning up for another kiss. “We can talk more in the morning.” He says when Steve pulls away.
His face is the worst, externally, at least. The left side of his face is covered in cuts and bruises, while his right eye is swollen shut.
Sure enough, Steve is asleep. He’s got an oxygen tube settled in his nose and is wrapped in gauze seemingly from head to toe. He has two soft casts, one on his right arm and another on his left leg.
Steve wakes up at 3:14 a.m to the sound of Tony hacking into his pillow. His shoulders trembling, face pink and flushed when he rolls over onto his back, still in a dead sleep. Steve doesn’t know how he manages that.
“You thought I wouldn’t notice?”
“I’m ready. Oh, fuck, I’m ready.” Tony moans. Steve shucks his pants off hastily and lubes up his dick.
"No," Tony mumbles, against his mouth now. He nudges Steve's lips apart, licking just inside; he's wormed his hands up Steve's shirt too, and now his thumbs under Steve's jaw tilt his head the way Tony wants. Steve makes a soft muffled sound into his mouth, but he's only too happy to acquiesce. Tony's lips are the tiniest bit sticky from the marshmallows; Steve cleans away the sugar with little sucking kisses. Or possibly he's only spreading it around. He couldn't care less. Tony's pressing closer, and his skin is hot on Steve's bare chest, and then the soft flannel of Tony's pants brushes his cock and he surges up into the kiss. Tony breaks away with a little sigh, but when Steve tries to chase his mouth he shakes his head and starts to slip down, out of the poor abused shirt.
Morgan’s first birthday comes and goes (a tearful phone call with Steve that night consoles him). She says her first word that next week while on the phone with Steve. (It was
“Can you help me make it less...I don’t know, noticeable?” Steve begs quietly. “I’ve got that meeting with Mr. Fury today and I would absolutely die if I had to show up like this.” Steve gestures to his neck.
It’s a Friday night, and Steve is fried. His last class of the day, his senior honors history class, was rowdy and hard to manage. He wrote three detention slips in two days and had to call home for one particular occurrence. Needless to say, Steve was very much looking forward to going home, taking a shower so hot his skin would be red, drinking a beer or two and watching mindless television. Maybe Tony would make an appearance tonight, pulling himself from his lab long enough to pay attention to Steve for even a few minutes.
“You wanna talk about it?”
Tony's skin was tingling with arousal and he was sure he was going to come soon. Steve’s pace was practically merciless now, perfectly angled to hit Tony’s prostate on every thrust. Steve’s fingers left their place on Tony’s right hip and are suddenly being wrapped around Tony’s dick. Tightly. Tony moans loudly again and feels his eyelids flutter shut at the contact on his neglected cock.
Tony heaves a sigh. "You're right," he says, but he keeps on kissing Steve's lower belly, now with an open mouth and a sloppiness that borders on playful but is also still traitorously hot. Steve takes a deep breath, looking around for something, anything.
Tony expected a lot from Steve: morning cuddles, therapeutic sessions in the bathtub, good food and really good sex. He didn’t expect to wake up to an empty bed with a sticky note on Steve’s pillow.
“Steven Grant so help me God--” Steve laughs at this and snatches the keys off the counter.
“Are you okay?” Tony asks, but something tells him he really doesn’t want to know. Steve takes a shuddering breath and shakes his head.
“Every day?” Peter gasps. “Papa that’s a lot.” Tony snorts, shaking his head.
“You’re running yourself into the ground. You need to take care of yourself.” He moves to cup Tony’s jaw, caressing his warm cheek.
“Only if you’re comfortable with it, Pete. I love you and your dad so much. I know you’ve been through a lot, but you guys are my family and I want to take care of you.” Peter has tears in his eyes, his hand moving to cover his mouth. He stands silently and Steve assumes he’s going to stalk off, hide and wait until Tony asks Steve to leave. Instead, Peter walks to him and captures him in a hug. Tony looks taken aback for a moment, wide eyes staring at Steve, before Steve relaxes, hugging Peter closer to his chest. The motion brings tears to Steve’s eyes.
They get drinks at a bar downtown and Tony is buzzing. He gets adrenaline rushes and, as endearing as it is, Steve is just tired. But he thinks about it-date night- and he smiles at Tony and listens to him chatter wildly about new projects and new people. Steve is happy. And Tony is happy, so it’s all more than enough.
“I’ll grab us some bowls.”
"Wanna go out? I don't think I have much here." Steve apologizes.
“Dr. Stark.” Steve moans. “Dr. Stark, I need you to look over my invention for the— for the science fair.” Steve says with a crimson blush. “It’s downstairs. Can I show you?” Tony groans and nods, following Steve as he leads him to the lab.
"Off," Tony says, and starts tugging at his pants again before he can sit down. Steve manages not to trip over them as they fall to his ankles. It's a really good thing he gave up any sense of shame a long time ago with Tony, impossible not to, Tony's contagious that way because it's got to look a little undignified. But Tony is on him again the moment he settles back down. Tony smooths his hands up Steve's stomach--he's still wearing his shirt, he should fix that-- thumbs over his nipples, tongues his navel again until Steve tugs at his arms.
Tony raises an eyebrow again, less dramatically, but nods. He’s silent, lips pressed together in a thin, thoughtful line.
“Hi, my husband is here, somewhere. Steven Rogers.” The woman behind the desk smiles sympatheitcally at him before typing in his name.
“Stop.” He says it sharply, surprising himself. And Tony obeys—fuck,
“I’m sorry we stopped going on dates.” Steve huffs, reaching to take his hand.
,” Tony licks his lips, settles further into Steve’s embrace. “So good.”
“Okay.” Tony whispers. “I love you, honey. Be safe, please.”
“Well, hello.” He chuckles, pressing a soft kiss to Steve’s lips. He’s slightly taken aback by the intensity in Steve’s eyes, so he presses his hands to his face. “Hey, are you okay?” Steve shakes his head, pursing his lips tightly.
“This kid is gonna give me a heart attack one of these days, I swear.”  Tony says unlocking the door so Peter can climb in. He clambers into the backseat, smacking a wet kiss to Tony’s cheek in the process.
“You okay?” Tony slurs sleepily. Steve tugs him to his chest and kisses his forehead.
“Hi, honey.” Tony finally says. “You look good.” Steve blushes, but grins impossibly wider.
Steve tries to convey
“Let’s put this one on pause, for now. We’ll finish the conversation later.” Tony nods in agreement and hooks his arm back around Steve’s midsection.
He finishes his meal and goes upstairs immediately to avoid the wrath of his husband if he did anything else. He’s met with the sight of six year old Peter reading his sight words to Steve as he feeds two month old Grace her bottle.
Steve hesitates. “Yes.”
Tony comes to pick him up at the end of the day and he notices Steve’s neck almost immediately.
“This is amazing, sweetheart. Thank you.” Tony ducks his head, maybe to hide his grin. When he looks up again though, his eyes are sort of sad.
“I’d love that.”
“What did he tell you?”
Tony is quiet, staring at Steve with that stupid, intense gaze again.
This time, though, he’s blaming Tony. It’s nearly an hour after they agreed to meet at the restaurant, and Steve is sitting alone at the bar working on his third  beer. Eight o’clock rolls around and he fishes cash out of his wallet and leaves.
“So good.” Steve says again, and he reaches down to take Tony’s cock in his other hand, palming the whole thing, rock-hard and pulsing in his hand, the tip dripping with pre-come. “I wanna make you come just like this–” and here he smirks, nasty and entirely to himself, and strokes Tony two more times, brushing his thumb over the wet slit. “Just like this,” he repeats, and with great concentration, he strokes Tony three more times, quick and efficient.
He must fall asleep at some point, because when he wakes it’s to Bucky shaking his shoulder saying they’re there. Tony gets out of the car immediately and goes inside without waiting for Bucky.
“Okay,” Tony says, and he doesn't look weirded out, even though Steve is paying really close attention to whether he might be. “Okay, not touching you because I don't want you to space out while we're still talking? But I'm guessing it's a good kind of spaced?”
“Come cuddle, Daddy,” Peter slurs. Tony sits on the edge of his tiny bed and plays with his hair until his breathing evens out. Steve smiles at him in the way he always does when something is particularly endearing. Tony stands slowly, careful not to jostle the boy, and presses a kiss to his forehead. Steve guides him out of the room with a soothing hand on his back. Neither man says a word until they’re back in the kitchen. Steve busies himself by cracking open a bottle of wine, Tony watching his every move.
He pulls away and Tony looks back at him and can't hold back a moan at what he sees: His lips and chin shiny with saliva, his pupils blown, his chest already heaving. They exchange a long, wordless stare, before Tony summons what energy he has and begs, "Steve. Please. I need you."
When Tony arrives at Steve's room, he stops himself at the door. He’s not sure what to expect. Collapsed lung. Internal bleeding. Broken bones. The images swirling through his mind aren’t pretty. With a steadying breath, he opens the door.
“Yeah. Come on in.” Tony undresses automatically, takes a deep breath and slides the curtain back. He steps in and is met with Steve’s toned back. He admires it, loving the way the water drenches his honey colored hair and can imagine how it’s plastered to his forehead. Steve turns just as Tony reaches out to touch him and grins at his boyfriend. His wet hands move to cup Steve’s face, bringing him in for a kiss.
Tony groans and rolls onto his side, chapped lips parting but no words coming out.
“No.”
Steve considers dropping him, but instead he drags Tony’s exhausted body to the couch and deposits him there.
So here they are now, Steve on his back, Tony looming over him, balls deep in his lover.
“I’m sorry.” Tony’s voice is quiet, his face buried into Steve’s strong chest.
Tony orders some flavored liquor that Steve can’t pronounce and then downs it in two gulps. Steve nurses a beer and listens as Tony goes full speed, hand motions and everything, on every technicality of whatever it is he’s talking about. (If he’s honest, he has no idea what he’s talking about. He just can’t stop staring at his lips.)
“As long as I get to spend time with you, I’m fine.”
“Oh, Tony.” Steve sighs. “Sweetheart, you’re burning up.”
Steve rearranges their position again, wrapping his arm around Tony's shoulders, pulling him closer and letting him bury his face into the broad chest beside him. Tony takes a few deep breaths, inhaling sweat and salt and the day-old remnants of cologne, as the world settles back into place.
“Please?”
Sleeping in Tony’s bed is weird. It’s not the first time he’s slept there, of course, but there’s a certain awkwardness to climbing under the covers when Tony isn’t there. Steve debates with himself about sleeping on the couch - he wouldn’t have to tell Tony either way. But that seems cowardly, somehow, so settles into bed and falls asleep, rather restlessly. Steve’s exhausted on Monday, but he’s also starting to miss Tony, so he texts Tony good-night and crawls into bed and falls asleep by ten o’clock.
“I can’t wait go grow old with you.”
“Are you serious?” Steve asks finally, tone unreadable. Tony nods, shrugging the best he can despite his position. He rolls off of Steve’s chest and flops onto his back, carding his fingers together with Steve’s, focusing on where they rest against where their thighs are touching.
I know I skip march and may, it was intentional
“Good boy. Go down on me.” He spreads his legs and Steve  settles between them, leaning over to run his tongue languidly up the length of Tony's cock. This is familiar ground, Tony's cock full and thick in his mouth. Tony makes a satisfying little noise and slides his fingers back into Steve's hair, rolling his hips just a little. Steve whimpers helplessly at the feel of it, Tony pressing up into his mouth, and looks up to see a more wicked grin than he ever knew Tony could wear.
Steve somehow misses Tony at every venture on Wednesday, except at lunch, when he walks through the door to see an entire group of people gathered in a semi-circle around Tony as he explains something about thermonuclear physics, waving around half a turkey sandwich as he talks . He’s a bit perturbed, if he’s honest; Wednesday afternoons are their time. It’s the only day they get to eat lunch together. Steve doesn’t really say much when Tony sidles beside him as he tidies up in the kitchen once his study group is over. He just smiles while Tony playfully says something about Steve being barefoot in his kitchen.
bad.” Steve makes a noise that seems like a chuckle but really resembles more of a choking cat as he sits up. It’s apparent he won’t be going to bed any time soon.
Steve glares at him harder, and there’s a sudden tension he can’t name. Tony’s frowning now, really frowning, and he’s avoiding Steve’s eyes, fidgeting with his fingers and then pulling his phone out again to roll it between his hands. He shrugs.
“Hey, we promised we wouldn’t do this. I won’t complain about the kids, and you won’t complain about not being here to help me. Mopey time is over, Captain. Tell me about your day.” Steve does, diving into a story about his platoon. He’s hit it off with a couple soldiers, which is so nice for Tony to hear. He’s happy Steve isn’t being a hermit and just giving orders.
“Jesus.” Steve yelps when Peter throws himself dramatically onto the hood of the car, giving the effect that Tony hit him. Tony just laughs.
“Go on, I’ll be there in a minute. I just have to talk to Papa about something.” Tony says and watches as Peter runs off. He sits in the newly discarded seat and watches his husband burp his daughter.
They arrive at the airport, kids in tow, Steve in uniform. Tony can’t stop clutching his hand.
“I’m thinking chocolate chip pancakes. How’s that sound?” Tony says as they ride up in the elevator.
Tony twitches, cock hardening more. He can only nod and follow Steve blindly as he pulls them to their bedroom. Steve pushes Tony onto the bed and drags his jeans the rest of the way down his body, his briefs coming right off with them. He sucks lazily at Tony’s exposed length for a moment before he presses idle kisses up and down his thighs. He takes his dick into his mouth again as he blindly reaches for the lube on the bedside table. Steve presses a deep kiss to Tony’s navel, just beneath where his shirt lies on his stomach.
“So. Food.” Tony dishes out the food, lights some candles and pours the wine, and Steve just watches.
“Ship out? Steve,” Steve rests his forehead against Tony’s.
He’ll never be deployed again.
“Anyway. I left you ice cream and popsicles in the freezer. I’m going to head down to my floor. Call me if you need anything.”
“Worth it.” Tony throws the wipes randomly off the bed and tugs the duvet over them both. “You doing okay?” Steve nods and rolls onto his side, curling up against Tony with his shoulder for a pillow.
“I’m fine. Sorry. I just had a rough day and I was just thinking—” he cuts himself off, blushing bright red. Tony waits patiently. He knows better than to pry when Steve gets like this. Steve sucks a shaky breath in before finishing his sentence.
Tony pulls his hands gently away from the bedframe and lets him lie there while Tony grabs the wipes to clean his hand and Steve's belly and the side of his face, oddly enough.
Seeing Tony skate is unlike anything Steve has ever seen. He looks like a baby giraffe learning to walk, and he’s holding onto Steve for dear life. Steve can’t stop laughing and ends up doubled over when Tony falls. Tony, being the smartass he is, pulls him down on top of him, Steve landing with a soft
“Did you sleep in your room?” he manages after clearing his throat a couple times, eyes watering when he swallows.
“I have to ship out.” He whispers. Tony nearly misses it, but he knows it’s what he said by the way his heart leaps into his throat.
“I’m bored,” Steve murmurs against his lips.
Steve has had a very rough day and needed to release some of his pent up tension. His fingers dance down his abdomen, stopping at the waistband of his sweatpants. He could masturbate, sure. But why should he do it alone when his gorgeous boyfriend would be home soon? A glance at the clock told him Tony would be getting back in roughly half an hour. He could wait. Sliding off his bed, he wanders into the kitchen to make a cup of tea. He usually prefers coffee, but it’s nearly six o’clock and he doesn’t really want to be wide awake all night. He hums as he boils the water, thumbing through their mail. Bills, junk mail, magazines. Nothing exciting.
“Buy me coffee and we’re even.”
“I know. I didn’t mean to make them so visible, I promise. I just got carried away because…” He trails off, remembering Steve’s reaction before.
Tony is still making a lot of noise, but there’s none of the anxiety he usually gets in his face when Steve tries to tell him this stuff, and that’s – that’s something to be examined later. He’s so receptive and sweet and Steve literally can’t believe this is happening: he’s lounging on his sofa, snowed in, an unintelligible racket of cartoons in the background, gently fucking Tony's mouth.
Tony leads him into the bedroom, once he's steadier on his feet, and tells him “Strip.” He doesn't waste time, unbuttoning his shirt and tossing it towards the laundry basket, toeing off his socks and leaving his jeans on the floor where they fall. He stands naked by his bed, the air cool on his skin, while Tony strips out of his own clothes and settles comfortably with his back against the headboard. He beckons, and Steve  goes, pressing in close to kiss him and feel bare skin against his own. Tony grips the back of his neck, controlling the kiss. His other hand roams across Steve's chest, until he finds Steve's nipple and rolls it between his fingertips. Steve moans at the sensation, lightning arcing down his spine, and Tony doesn't stop, just keeps tugging and twisting until Steve is whimpering desperately into his mouth.
Tony shudders as he turns on the night light, a replica of the arc reactor both kids love so much, and makes sure the baby monitor is on before he leaves the room. Steve is just finishing up reading Peter his book, so Tony sneaks in, leaning on the door frame. The move is right out of Steve’s book, something he does when he just wants to observe Tony with the kids, and Tony understands why. Peter notices him, though, and makes sleepy grabby hands at him.
“Does this mean you’re coming home?” Tony asks softly. Steve’s eyes glisten and he nods.
“It’s been awhile since you left,” He nudges Steve in the ribs, presses a little closer in the cab space.
“Wanda and Natasha. They got this idea from Pinterest.” Steve laughs and Tony shakes his head.
“I feel like we should talk about that,” Steve says, putting his hand over Tony's. “In a good way. That was really good. But we should talk about it.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asks, tucking a strand of Steve’s hair behind his ear.
“What’s this?” Tony asks as Steve places a sandwich in front of him.
Deep breaths. This is fine, this is good, he doesn't have to climb all the way out of the hole. Tony is right here. He just has to find his balance. He nuzzles into Tony’s shoulder and pulls himself together.
He’s packing up to leave by 4:30 p.m., trying to put the day’s frustrations behind him, eager to get home to Tony, when his phone vibrates across his desk. A text from Pepper.
And then Tony is alone.
“You’re clearly about to—don’t touch me!” He yells, ripping his arm away from Steve’s grip, wincing at the tone of his voice. “Just leave. Leave us, whatever. We’ll get on without you. I’m tough, resourceful and… fuck. I am freaking the fuck out. So fuck you, you’re making me crazy.” Tony spits, turning on his heel and stalking to their room. He cries on the bed for a while until Steve comes in, spoons right up behind him and just holds him.
Then the bubble pops.
"I want you to ride me," he growls into the kiss. "I want you to do the work. Can you do that for me?" He breathes.
obeys
“I wish I could really take you with me,” Steve says with a sigh when he pulls away.
“What a thing to say when you’re sucking face with your very naked boyfriend.” Tony chuffs, connecting their lips again. Steve chuckles into the kiss, pulling away for a moment to ogle some more at the naked man in front of him.
Natasha grins and reaches into her desk drawer. She slides her chair over to his side of the desk and plops the bag down in front of him. She begins to slather various creams and powders until she pulls back and smiles.
“You are so...
"I love you." He breathes. Steve smiles and kisses him.
“Oh, right there!” He pants. “Steve, please, more.” And Steve does add a third finger, twisting them as he fucks in and out.
Steve bites his quivering lip and his hips press up against Tony’s, his cock trapped between their bellies. Tony hammers into his prostate and a surprised, achoked cry leaves his lips and Steve throws his head back.
When Steve's fingertips sink beneath the waistband of his underwear, he whines a little into the kiss, prompting another sharp nip to Tony's bottom lip. "Good boy," he murmurs and his head gets a little muddier with the praise as he allows Steve to slide his underwear down over his thighs, stepping out of them automatically as they join the pants puddled on the floor. Tony sucks in a breath as the cool air of the room meets his heated flesh. One of Steve's hands tangles in his hair, tugging his head back and exposing more of his throat. His lips close over the pulse point beneath his ear, sucking and biting, and Tony gasps, eyes closed, allowing himself to be pushed backward onto the bed. Tony melts into the sheets as Steve clambers atop, crouching on all fours over his frame. His hands are all over, touching the nape of his neck, his chest, his stomach, inner thighs, everywhere but his leaking erection.
Steve swallows. “I don't–you don't have to. I'm really sorry I freaked out earlier. You didn't do anything wrong. I'll be fine tomorrow-” and now Tony isn't smiling and he's fucked everything up.
Steve nods to himself, feeling some of the tension lift from his shoulders. “Thank you. Again. I know he’s a handful when he gets like this.”
“I love you.” He whispers against Tony’s lips. Tony murmurs it back, resting his head on Steve’s bare chest.
Stark Industries has a big launch that Tony needs to travel to Los Angeles for, and after an extraordinary meltdown from Peter about staying with Grandma Sarah, Tony goes on his first business trip since Steve left.
Even in private, he was reserved. He preferred just listening to conversation, occasionally laughing or adding his opinion. He would watch in idle amusement as games were played on various consoles, as bets were placed--usually between Clint and Thor, smirking when Clint would inevitably lose-- just enjoying the playful banter of his friends.
“So, Peter. Steve and I have been talking, and we wanted to know your feelings on all of us living together. Here.” Tony says as he finishes his pancake. Steve is quiet, not saying a word as he watches the reactions of the teenager across from him. Peter is frozen, fork suspended comically in the air halfway to his mouth.
“No, Tony.” Steve mutters rolling onto his side, away from his boyfriend.
When Tony gets in the car, he doesn’t say anything to Bucky. It’s a good hour before Bucky turns to him, shifting in his seat.
“As much as I can be. Remember Peggy, from our wedding? She’s back, too. We’re leading different platoons, but we’re on the same base.”
“Very.” Tony says bringing their hands to his lips. “You are the best thing in my life, aside from Peter, but that boy loves you.” Steve gnaws at his lip in hesitation before smiling softly.
“I bet you wish this was my cock, huh,” Steve teases, pulling it out a bit before driving it back home. Tony keens, back arching, head nodding. He watches the muscles in Tony’s back move, trying to stay still. Watches him flex around the glass toy, watches his thighs twitch with what looks like supreme effort. He reaches back to the bedside table, slicks up his hand with a couple pumps of lube before he reaches for Tony’s cock.
“Because I love you!” Tony yells. “Jesus Christ, Steve. Have you noticed that half my shit ended up here? Or that you have an entire side in my closet? That isn’t an accident. I love you and I want to be with you, but I don’t think I can be around you right now.” Tony stands and blows past Steve, right out the door. Steve hits his knees, loses all resolve and breaks down, ugly sobbing.
Tony shakes his head against him. “Not yet,” he says, although his hips make another little shift against the sofa.
“Yeah. Just a bit in my head, I’ll be fine.” He spares a glance at Tony.
“Six months,” Steve says. “Just six months.”
you didn’t make the ravioli.” Tony laughs, throwing his head back against Steve’s shoulder.
Tony goes quiet again. “I don’t want you to not...to feel like you can’t tell me what’s going on. There’s always room for you, Steve.”
It's a sickeningly cute scene. They’re gross, and it's definitely nausea at this domesticity that has his throat feeling a little thick and his chest a little too full.
Steve sighs, standing with perfect balance, and goes for what they have aptly named the sex drawer. Inside said drawer are toys of all types: dildos, vibrators, cock rings, cuffs, paddles, plugs and so much more it would probably make his ma faint. Steve shakes his head free of that thought as he reaches for a new glass dildo. Steve knows Tony bought just for him, expensive and beautifully built with a thick shaft and wide head. It’s bigger than Tony, but not quite as big as Steve. Grinning wickedly, he tosses it to the bed followed by more lube and watches as Tony eyes it, then him, curiously.
“Not what I meant. Believe me.” Steve’s hand trails down Tony’s stomach and his lips press into his neck. “I meant that I was bored, so I came down to do something.” Tony gasps as Steve’s hand fondles him through the fabric of the towel.
“Oh,” Tony says, looking up from the book he was reading on the sofa. “I’ll actually be in Malibu for the weekend. My flight is tomorrow afternoon.” Steve’s expression falls. “Did I forget to tell you? I’m sorry.” He manages to look like he truly is. “It’s just for a couple of days, Mom wants me home for the weekend. Some SI award thing Howard won.” He waves a dismissive hand. “I’ll be back by Monday?”
The next two weeks pass by in a blur. Sarah comes to help out, setting up semi-permanent residence in their spare bedroom, gushing over her grandchildren and graciously giving Steve and Tony the time they need to say goodbye.
“Talk about what?”
“No lights!” Tony’s voice, hoarse and barely above a whisper, calls out from beneath a pile of blankets.
And then he’s gone.
“You suck.”
“I need you to stay calm.” Bucky begins. “Steve is in a hospital in DC.” Tony falls to his knees.
“I used up my last apparel when we had Peter.” Tony wants to cry. He wants to fall to his knees, hug Steve’s legs and just cry.
“Yeah,” Steve admits. “I didn’t... I didn’t want to put that on your shoulders.”
Tony stares at the phone in his hand for a good five minutes before he gets up and goes back to bed.
Steve plays with the kids all day, taking them to the park, for lunch, to get ice cream, to the toy store. He explains to Peter where he’s going, and why he needs to. Peter tearfully agrees to look after his sister and his dad, promising to be brave. Morgan, only nine months old, gums at Steve’s fingers. That one kills Tony the most. If, God, if something happens, Morgan will have no idea.
It's much later when they return, full and happy. Steve collapses on the couch and all but pulls Tony down with him.
"Can I wash your hair?" He asks quietly. Steve smiles and nods, wetting his hair enough for Tony to wash. He bends slightly and Tony gets to work.
“Are we going somewhere?” He asks swinging his feet. Steve smirks, shrugging.
“Little bit.”
it is. He loves it. He loves him.
“Your place or mine?”
Tony is just like a freight train, sometimes. A freight train that never stops. So much for taking care of himself.
“If I do anything you don't like, tell me.”
“I got carried away because you were fucking me so hard. I love it when you’re rough.” Tony stares him straight in the eyes and bites his lip. Steve growls and reaches across the table to take Tony’s hand in his and all but drags him out the door.
“God, Tony, you have no idea, I want it so much. I know I'm not making much sense right now.” Steve stares at the window over Tony’s shoulder, trying to cajole his brain into making an actual decision. “Your place?”
“Jeeze. Sorry,” She laughs. She drops it for a moment and Steve settles in, firing up his desktop. He sighs, dragging his hands through his hair in irritation.
“It isn’t your job to take care of me.” Tony says calmly, removing Steve’s hand from his face.
"Please," Steve groans, and then he's gripping Tony by either side of his hips, and he lets him rearrange their position, helpless and pliable as he moves to straddle him. He reaches behind, gripping his thick length by the base, and grinds back against it, rubbing the tip against the cleft of his ass. Tony is determined to make this good, to give Steve what he deserves. For making him feel beautiful and sexy and loved and wanted. Steve groans, falling back to rest against the pillows as Tony grinds against his cock.
Steve shivers. Terrible things. Done to him.
“Thanks. I miss you guys so much. I think about you all the time, every day.”
but Tony pets at his leg soothingly. He does not, once, lift his hand from Steve’s skin.
“Hey,” Tony says softly, not wanting to startle the man. Steve smiles, turning to face his boyfriend. He blushes and looks Tony up and down appreciatively before standing to kiss him.
“He’ll be okay?” Steve asks, slowing to a stop at a yellow light, ignoring the angry driver honking behind him. “I can cancel the rest of my day. It’s just typical S.H.I.E.L.D stuff.”
“Middle naming me, huh? Come on, we should get going.” Steve grabs his hand and pretty much pulls him out the door.
It’s the third night in a row. And it’s getting old.
He’s adding honey to his tea when he hears the unmistakable jingle of keys in the door.
“Do you have condoms and lube?” Steve asks, trailing kisses down his chest. Tony nods and attaches his lips to Steve’s neck. Steve takes Tony’s chin in his hand and pulls him in for a kiss. Tony tries his hardest to put himself into the kiss, but he eventually breaks away and rests his palms and forehead on Steve’s chest.
"It's only a week," Tony mumbles. "We'll figure it out, yeah? We'll figure it out."
“I love you forever.”
“Wow. Thank you so much, Nat.” Steve hugs her for a moment. “I owe you one.”
“I could get used to this,” Steve jokes when he crosses the room, toeing his shoes off, laughing softly at the way Tony’s eyes immediately jump to his hands as he unfastens his belt. Tony’s eyes flicker up to his, face growing red. He grabs his notebook off the bedside table, scribbles something down and holds it up.
Tony begins her nighttime routine: diaper change, new pj’s, a bottle, burp, and then bed. It’s second nature to him by now, something his own parents were shocked to see. His parents. Howard.
Steve arches an eyebrow. “Would coffee ice cream help?”
“Hey hot stuff, can I come in?”
“Good boy,” Steve says, brushing his lips against Tony’s burning forehead. “I’ll call Pepper and tell her everything. Go back to sleep. And no more talking. I mean it.”
He’s halfway to the door when he hears a frantic rustle and then - something soft bouncing off the back of his head. He turns around and finds Tony sitting upright, looking resigned and a bit guilty. Steve looks down and finds a paper ball at his feet.
“Steve—“ Steve pulls all the way out and thrusts back in, making Tony gasp for more.
,” Tony says tautly, where he’s sitting on the bed. They’ve been going at it for hours; taking turns fucking each other, sucking each other’s cocks, grinding their erections together until they’re gasping into their kisses.
“I am very surprised.” He says simply. He turns to Steve and looks him in the eyes sincerely. “I love it, Steve. Thank you.” He tugs him to his side. “I love you so much.” Steve buries his face in Tony’s chest and breathes deeply.
“I know you wanted me to fuck you again,” Steve says, keeping his voice loose and casual, accent thick. “But I wanna watch you come apart on this. So…” He waves his hand loosely in the direction of the toy. “Go ahead.”
“You do the work, sweetheart,” Tony says, and settles back, his hand resting in Steve's  hair but making no move to control his movements. Steve does what he's told, sinking down around Tony's cock and flicking his tongue under the head, where he knows licking gets the best results.
“Yes you can! Write them an email.
“I do.” Steve smiles. “So much.”
"Soon," Tony says.
He’s pulled out of his revere by a fussy whine and mesmerizing blue eyes staring up at him. Tony shifts her so she’s cradled against his chest, hands gripping his shirt.
“Okay. I’ll stay.” Tony smiles sleepily, nosing into Steve’s neck.
"More of that," he chokes, and Steve smiles, hand moving to the other, repeating the movement.
“Ready?” He asks, pushing unkempt hair off Tony’s forehead.
“Hey, buddy!” Steve replies, but Tony can’t say anything. He just stares at his husband. Steve is tanned and clean shaven (a shame, really, given how much Tony loves when he has a full beard) and his blue eyes are sparkling. “I miss you, baby. How are you?”
Tony teases Steve’s half hard cock with his mouth, sucking and licking him to full hardness rather quickly. Steve’s dick is long and thick, proportionate to the rest of his body and the head is always a bright pink. (Tony used to be insecure about his own, slightly leaner and just a bit shorter in comparison. Steve had told him once that he was the perfect width and length to fit perfectly in his hands, his mouth, or rutting against his body. And, well, Tony found it hard to be insecure for long with his dick suddenly in Steve’s mouth.)
"Turn over." Steve hums. Tony blinks confusedly at Steve. He's briefly taken aback when Steve grabs his hips and flips him. And then, oh, God. Tony buries his face in his hands as Steve palms his thighs with both hands, spreading him open. There's a hot ghost of a breath before he the swipe of a tongue at his hole, and Tony groans, fingers digging into the buttery fabric of the sheets.
Steve rolls his hips upwards, slow, careful, and watches himself slip deeper into Tony's mouth. Tony lets out a tiny, pleased noise that makes his soft palate thrum against Steve’s cock, and Steve’s hands tighten in his hair, trying so hard to maintain these last shreds of self-control and not just thrust with abandon like he wants to so fucking bad. Instead he moves again, still careful but a little faster now, and watches Tony's face for any signs of regret. Tony's eyes are closed, though, and there’s no tension around them whatsoever - he looks blissed-out.
Steve set the pace, nice and slow gentle. Feeling bold, Tony wraps his legs around Steve’s waist to pull him closer, biting his lip to contain a groan when Steve hits his prostate.
Tony smiles against Steve’s skin. “I lied,” he whispers, nipping along Steve’s collar. “Missed you.”
“I called my mom about coming to stay for a while.” Steve says pulling away, holding Tony’s face in his hands. Tony groans, pushing away.
“Hey, pal.” Steve says to the four year old. “You’re gonna be good for Daddy, right?” Peter nods, tears running down his tiny cheeks. “I love you so much, Pete. You’re so brave, my brave little man.” He hugs their first born tightly for a long moment and Tony starts to cry as he sees Steve’s tears fall more steadily.
“I know, you’re mad,” Steve says to his back, shrugging a shoulder. He turns to the elevator, prepared to spend the night on his own floor. “For what it’s worth, I figured if you needed surgery they’d schedule it. I thought we’d have some time to talk about it.”
“Steve, please,” Tony whines. He was completely hard and Steve loved the fact that he was the only one who got to see him like this. He pretends not to hear Tony’s plea, and continued to brush his lips across the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs. Goosebumps cover Tony’s body, and he blames it on the air conditioner against his still damp body. Tony squirms again when Steve stops his assault on Tony’s thighs. Steve smiles devilishly and licks the head of Tony’s dick, making the man cry out loudly.
