“Years ago,” Mycroft finally finds words, “I asked you what your intentions were towards my brother.”
. He gets annoyed with himself for treating the vivacious piece so carelessly, and stops altogether. He releases the tension on the bow, puts the instrument back in its silk-lined case, and walks up to one of the two windows that face the backyard.
John frowns at his answer but lets it go for now. “I can’t protect him if he does not understand the danger he’s in.”
The day flows faster than either of them expected. John acquiesces to Sherlock’s request to start with a rollercoaster, the main objective of the day. Both men jump out of the ride giggling and flushed, Sherlock admitting it had been more fun than he had anticipated. From then on, it’s easier to convince Sherlock to go on another ride, and another – in fact the only ride John says no to consists of a vertical drop, and Sherlock does not insist on it.
Sherlock considers her offer to lend a helping ear. He enjoys talking through his deductions and experimental results with John because it often helps him to see new perspectives, find new angles to the problem at hand. But John is off to some boring medical conference and Sherlock is left to his own devices. Molly, though… Sherlock appreciates Molly’s help and company, despite his typical caustic attitude to her attempts of socialising with him. She is an intelligent, well-educated woman who has put up with his shenanigans for years now.
As Sherlock shoots the train of deductions that led to the detention of yet another murderer, swirling around the room gesticulating wildly, Sally Donovan seethes. Quietly, arms crossed in a tense posture, back arched so only her shoulders touch the wall, Sally sniffs contemptuously from across the room and rolls her eyes at every dramatic pause Sherlock produces in his lecture.
Sherlock frowns perplexedly at the trinket, then at John. “I’m not religious. God is a ludicrous fantasy designed to provide careers to–”
He still remembers bits of what happened after, even though he tries to drown his memories in dregs of cooling tea and relentless work on his newfound patch of solitude. How he stood and left the patisserie without another word. How John rushed after him, calling out his name with increasing urgency. How Sherlock shouted back at him, how he didn’t need charity, he didn’t need help, he didn’t need fucking cake, he didn’t need John. How John flinched at his harsh words. How Sherlock continued with
. Not the sort of weariness that comes with witnessing one too many gory crime scenes — and by golly, there’s no shortage of that in this bloody city — but the sort that comes with carrying a weight inside for a long time.
He realises he hasn’t answered John. “Hm. Hungry. But no appetite.” He grimaces again, the pain more insistent now. John notices this and strides quickly to his side, slides a gentle arm around his waist, helps him getting up from the sofa.
The drive is miserable. Molly takes them to London, Sherlock sitting in the back, cornered against the door, eyes glued to the screen of his mobile, wrapped in his dark coat as if it were impenetrable armour. John sits next to him, his trembling left hand out of sight, fingers drumming nervously on a knee, clearing his throat now and then as if to say something. But this is not the time or the place, and maybe there will never be such a thing again. He feels he must bridge the chasm, forty centimetres of car seat and light-years of silence, but Sherlock’s body language screams a resounding ‘no,’ and John lets it all slip away.
. He’s known it for years now, ever since he made that ridiculous scene at The Landmark while John was trying to propose to Mary. They’ve been to hell and back since then; they have broken and mended their friendship; they have moved forward.
Sherlock realises he’s been sitting in the same armchair this whole time, the other one unused for so long. To see John in it is… nice.
“John, Mycroft said you demanded all of Sherlock’s appointments this week to be cancelled. Is this correct?” Greg asks.
. “I enjoyed spending time with you too, Sherlock.” John’s voice is low, reverent, honest. “I always enjoy spending time with you. On a crime scene, at a restaurant, in front of our hearth, on amusement parks. It doesn’t matter where, I… I truly enjoy being with you.”
This thought energises Sherlock to get up and go inside, find the morning newspaper and slap it decidedly on top the letter. He’ll forget about its existence, probably burn it the next time he lights a fire, an epistolary Schrödinger forever lost and unknown.
Oblivious to John’s suffering (and his presence, it seems), Victor continues to address Sherlock. “You
elsewhere but that was all history, and frankly Sherlock didn’t want to know the lurid details about his landlady’s love life).
Sherlock was interrupted by a passionate kiss and a hand trailing down his chest, his abdomen. John lowered his voice and rumbled in his ear, “Later, maybe; I see some very nice sights
Sherlock smirks a humourless smile. “Caring is not an advantage. Sentiment is the grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment. It is distracting and not conducive to higher intellectual processes.” He faces the mirror fully again. “Do you think these lapels are too wide? Hardy can be a bit conservative sometimes.”
Sherlock cannot parse the tone in John’s voice. Is it sorrow? Shock? Just a statement? He settles for replying with a small nod.
The day after Boxing Day, John is asked to inspect the mail, as a small box had arrived in the middle of fan letters. It’s wrapped in brown paper and the address is written in anonymous block letters.
As John considers bringing up again the subject of medical help one late Sunday morning, Sherlock surprises him. “About those alternative methods.”
There is a ‘Meet me in the conference room, second floor, in five minutes’ message from John’s number. John picks up his own mobile.
“Look, Greg,” John starts slowly, but with an assertive tone, “a lot of your worries can be addressed if you take on some basic security measures. I mean, look at this place,” he waves his hand around the room, intending to encapsulate the entirety of the house, “it’s completely open. There’s no security at the gate, no CCTV, the front door is open, people come in and out as they please…start there, alright? Miss Adler seemed to be able to keep a good eye on Sherlock. What do you need me for?” John’s tone is almost self-deprecating, torn between wanting to be helpful and not wishing to get further involved.
Greg stares back at her, and… ah, there it is. Confusion giving way to surprise, then to a wicked smile. “Well, in that case, may I have another cup of tea?”
After short minutes turned long by the discomfort of the floor and of the whole situation, Sherlock takes a few deep, shaky breaths. “Sorry,” he whispers, without lifting his forehead where it lies pressed against John’s shoulder.
“What is the point of you, then?” The question could have been sardonic but Sherlock sounds genuinely curious.
“Come here, you beautiful man.” John rolled himself over Sherlock, kissing down his neck and up again, along his jaw, stilling while hovering over his lips. He paused a moment longer, gazing into Sherlock’s eyes thoughtfully. “No worries, we still have time.”
. Sherlock had something to look forward, a future shaping up. What kept Sherlock awake last night was the current recognition he does not have a perspective about what his future looks like. It’s a black wall. He can’t imagine a future because he’s not shaping one up; he’s not expecting it to come, just accepting that it will flow past him. That days will succeed one after the other, and that in the meanwhile he will exist. Survive. Living? Until he exists no more, and that will be that. Death is treated as a hypothetical state until it inevitably becomes a fact; in reality, the fact is already here, just waiting for the right time to reveal itself. Dead man walking. He just hopes someone will take care of his bees when that happens.
“Not at all. Here, let me help you.” John helps her to disrobe of her heavy coat and hangs it by the door. Ellie takes off her gloves and stuffs them in her handbag. John opens his arms in invitation, and they share a warm hug. “It’s good to see you. Our flat is upstairs; come on, you’re just in time for tea.”
: once, he had thought that his life was always going to be the Work with John by his side, and even if he didn’t dwell on exactly how the future would look like for the both of them, there was the prospect of always being
John freezes with a hand halfway to the kettle and turns around to face Sherlock. What he sees on Sherlock’s expression makes him reach for his mobile instead.
At the same time, John knows he can’t go so long without removing the stone. Sherlock is in pain, and there’s always a risk for further infection, that could reach the kidney. Even if John is watching Sherlock like a hawk, an infection can come quickly. He knows he’s operating with catastrophic worst-case scenarios but…
A deep voice rumbles from a large armchair facing the stage; from his position, John can only see dark curls bouncing from the top of a head, the rest covered by the chair’s back: “Hmm, acceptable. I do enjoy it. It’s going to be good. Love the ending. Mycroft, did you like the ending?”
John, unable to go back to sleep, hopes this means the painkillers helped. He extends a hesitant hand and brushes curls from Sherlock’s forehead.
What John does not bring up is that he has indeed left Mary. Permanently. John’s willingness to drop everything to assist in Sherlock’s recovery made it painfully obvious where his priorities really are. And of course, Mycroft has picked up on this. Why he is being a complete prat about it now, though, is what John doesn’t understand.
John shakes his hand. The music and choreography stop and applause explodes from all over the room. The director barks orders for a playback of the last seconds on a huge flat screen; everybody’s attention is now on the screen, the dancers clapping and jumping in excitement.
them. John presents Sherlock with a caddy of Fortnum and Mason’s Afternoon Blend, which they premiere at teatime with homemade shortbread biscuits sent by Mrs Hudson. Sherlock helps John assemble a highchair for Rosie’s mealtimes, and they discuss a schedule for the week.
“She’s had her chance to do so; she doesn’t want to kill me, not now anyway. I have forgiven her,” he adds quickly, interrupting John’s imminent protest, “and so should you.”
Sherlock stares at his older brother, confusion giving way to comprehension. He relaxes minutely, grabs his tumbler and takes a delicate sip. Minutes of silence pass by, only interrupted by the logs popping and crackling in the fireplace; Sherlock seems to be processing something – perhaps his brother’s words, perhaps the events of the evening, or a combination of both. He finally sets the glass down and looks at Mycroft with a posture more regal and blank than his casual attire would give away:
He is very aware that his voice will carry and bewitch his audience. On cue, his spectators quiet down, hanging on every syllable.
“God, Sherlock, no, wait.” John softened his voice, regretting his cursed, tetchy mood. He gently held Sherlock’s arm. “I’m the one who should be apologising. Tough day at work, shouldn’t dump my frustrations on you.”
John has been busying himself with implementing new security measures: setting up CCTV (and making sure someone actually looks at the images) in every dark corner of the property; installing alarms on windows and doors; vetting all personnel and making sure only the minimum possible amount of people visit the house at one time; and even clearing out parts of the garden for a better view. He’s not doing all of this himself, naturally; a carefully chosen crew has been drilling and hammering and cutting and walking all over the place.
There is an unmistakable erection making itself known and Sherlock shivers in revulsion, pushing Richard none too gently back.
Despite the low light on the landing, John’s blush is unmistakeable. “Ah, it’s the second bedroom. Sherlock’s bedroom is down the kitchen.”
“Is this still about my forged suicide? How positively pedestrian.” He rolls his eyes and flashes her an insincere smirk. “But I am elated that you care.”
In a way, this job is a blessing – he had a good excuse to escape London two days earlier to work on the hotel’s security. Not without a twinge of jealousy, John had left Sherlock’s well-being in Irene’s admittedly capable hands.
He looks so small and lost, John’s heart breaks all over again. “If you are sure the stone has not passed, I also don’t see a reason to do another scan. We know from the last one that the calculus was lodged very near the ureterovesical junction. A very short way from the bladder. When the stone moves to the bladder, it will then go onwards to the urethra. This will also cause pain, I’m afraid,” John smiles a sympathetic smile, “but things usually progress fast after that.”
“Yes, yes, fine.” Sherlock releases the chair and moves into the living-room, where he restarts his pacing. Silently, John fetches a thermometer. “May I take your temperature and ask you a few more questions?”
Trust John Watson to be the only person capable of simultaneously confusing and enlightening Sherlock. “What exactly— is your point?” The question is laid with pauses and carefully placed words.
The living-room is empty, curtains floating with the cool breeze from the open balcony door. He makes a beeline to the bedroom and catches a glimpse of a black-clad figure jumping out of the window.
Sherlock wants to laugh, because how is he supposed to answer that? How can he possibly convey to this extraordinary man the extent of how
John slips his hand under Sherlock’s open shirt and rubs a nipple, eliciting another shudder from Sherlock. Sherlock slowly forces his eyes open and tries to focus on the concentric rings of velvet light and shade projected by a floor lamp. He’s trying not to lose himself completely in this sea of lust and arousal threatening to drown him. Not yet. He pushes John’s shoulders gently away, just a touch to force John to unlatch from his neck and look at him.
, many with Sherlock but not all. John studies the photos for a minute or two: there are pictures of their much younger versions on what are obviously different small stages, perhaps in schools or other similar venues. In some photos, they both stand behind microphones, mouths open in the same ‘ah’ or ‘oh’ singing shape; in others, Mycroft sits at a piano while Sherlock stands with a violin. The common feature to these old portraits is how balanced their presence on stage had been, none of them taking more space than the other. They looked carefree and happy, even, smiling at the audience, the photographer or even at each other. More recent photos tell a different tale, though, of hierarchy and distance, as Sherlock is more centre-staged, often under a bright spotlight, while shadows drown Mycroft in the background, dissolving him into a secondary plane behind the piano; more often than not, Mycroft wears sombre clothes while Sherlock sports garish, glittery garments.
“Well.” Sherlock seems to be mildly embarrassed. For someone who has no qualms in deducing intimate details about anyone around him, he is usually quite unwilling to discuss his own bodily fluids and ailments. “I do have some back pain. Mostly on the left side.” He rubs his left hand on the lumbar region. “The urine was… pink? It’s not like it was running blood. No clots.”
The drive from East Dulwich is fraught with charged silence. Sherlock is giving John the silent treatment, Irene’s distaste for his presence is nearly palpable, and John’s head is spinning with worst-case scenarios and past wrongs. His stomach is in knots as the entire situation seems to be seeping between his fingers like beach sand.
John musters courage to speak as Moriarty fits a headset over his ear. “You will not get away with this. I might die here tonight, but you? You better run.”
There is no way Mycroft can contain this. There must be consequences, and he’s been hard at work to negotiate the exact extent of such consequences. He now has two alternatives to present to Sherlock, and none of them is good for anyone.
“Come right in, please. Make yourself at home.” They step into a richly decorated foyer with gilded mouldings on the ceiling, large mirrors, and golden damask wallpaper. “I think Mr Lestrade is in the dance studio. Just down the hall; follow the music.” She points a well-manicured, dainty finger down a corridor, then gives John a friendly pat on his arm and a chuckle as she turns away.
, the tears that track down his face — shatters something inside Sally. “That would not make you a sociopath. Quite the contrary, I think.” She softens her voice now, afraid that Sherlock will break apart in this foreign room, surrounded by police tape and ghosts.
She finally sits across him, pours herself a cup, and takes an apologetic tone, “If I knew we’d have visitors, I would have baked something—”
That evening, as John scans his new digs, he catches Sherlock gazing down from his flat at John’s. They lock eyes for an instant, exchange small nods. Sherlock breaks the silent exchange first, and John continues to map the patio outside his windows.
On their return, Victor phones John, tone frosty, requiring John’s presence in his office as soon as possible.
He flinches when John presses the cold endpiece of a stethoscope against his chest. John mumbles an apology. Sherlock thinks it is the loveliest thing he has ever heard and tells him so.
They take the few steps that separate their table from the dance floor, past the draped curtains and to the centre of the room. They turn to each other and John takes the lead, one hand still clasping Sherlock’s and the other gently resting on his waist. Sherlock’s free hand lands on John’s shoulder, gentle and feather-light. They lock eyes and relax in each other’s arms, finding their rhythm, turning slowly on the floor to the sound of the ballad.
Later in the morning Sherlock is brooding at John’s clinic waiting for blood and urine analyses results. John had refused to directly assist Sherlock at work, quoting the General Medical Council’s guidelines for maintaining a professional boundary between doctor and patient, and that their friendship was a bit too close to erode such a boundary. Naturally, Sherlock had disagreed but since John had been adamant about this point, he had no choice but to refer to his “official” GP, Dr Afzal.
Coming back to London directly from Serbia, Mycroft thought prudent to have Sherlock staying a few days with him, before querying about the possibility to return to Baker Street. His little brother was still recovering from a very bruised back, and lord knows the extent of the mental damage brought by torture and captivity. Now, it seemed he might have to recover from more than that.
A few impatient shoves find John climbing into a rental car. Okay, so not a midnight walk in the centre. He becomes increasingly confused when Sherlock drives them outside London; a good hour later, they find themselves in a rural area outside of Harlow. Sherlock parks the car and they walk on a field, the night crystal clear above them.
John wants to rip Sherlock out of his cocoon, the one he built thread by thread, wrapping himself against the emotional turmoil thrown at him by the day’s events.
Greg continues, “Don’t let her fool you, she is deadly. And, ah! Here comes Victor Trevor, Sherlock’s publicist.”
The two men take a few sips in silence, interrupted only by the rustling of leaves on the trees from the yard. The wind is picking up, a tell-tale sign of rain to come. The air crackles with unspoken tension, neither of them knowing how to continue this dance.
As he switches to the Jubilee line on Piccadilly, John considers his reasons to have taken Sherlock to Thorpe Park. He is forced to admit to himself it hadn’t all been about the kidney stone. Sure, there
“Brainless masses screeching at seventy miles per hour. Marvellous.” Sherlock tightens his coat closer to his body against the chilly morning air.
“I’m not perfect, Mycroft. But I’m not going to take this sort of crap from you. If you have a problem being second to Sherlock in everything, then try to turn your life around.”
“I apologise for that comment on fucking half of the hotel. I was way out of line. I’m sorry, Sherlock. I don’t really think that of you.”
He chances a glance at John. Bless his heart – John can sleep anywhere, and the uncomfortable seat is no impediment for a nap. His head lolls against the windowpane, lips slightly open, steady, slow breaths, a relaxed brow.
There is such raw honesty and vulnerability in those quiet words that John can’t help feeling a bit broken himself. He understands. He knows that, like himself, Sherlock is ever in motion, always rushing. But also like John, Sherlock isn’t running towards some higher purpose in life. John wonders now if Sherlock isn’t instead running away from those shadows that creep into the edge of the mind when it is idle, when the hands don’t have something to do, when the heart doesn’t beat that much faster.
The butter melts slowly in the hot frying pan, the milk solids separating from the fat in a jellyfish-shaped pattern, then bubbling away into a nutty fragrant concoction. Sherlock cracks two eggs over the pan, makes sure the whites don’t merge. One egg for each adult, well-separated and defined. Proteins denature irreversibly and coagulate the white opaque and solid. He slides the eggs sunny-side up to two plates, sets them on the table. John deposits toast on the plates. A concerted dance, movements around each other as a well-practised waltz.
“What am I doing here, Mycroft?” John finds they are standing very close, so close he feels Mycroft’s delicate scent and warm puffs of exhaled breaths.
Greg rubs the back of his neck. “Er. He doesn’t know about those.” At John’s incredulous look, Greg rushes to explain, “I mentioned before we can’t afford the distraction now. He knows there’re threats, I mean, he knows enough to have accepted my suggestion of bringing you on the security team. But since everything goes through Mycroft and Victor, it’s been…
“Do you have any idea of the consequences of your actions?” She is not going to get talked at like that by this insolent berk, that’s for sure!
. “Perhaps more than a hand. The therapy should be… vigorous. To help, you know. Moving things along.”
Mrs Hudson had not meant to eavesdrop. She had simply gone up to her boys’ flat under the assumption they were out for the day, as usual. She’s not their housekeeper, no, but a little dusting and a little tidying doesn’t really count, does it? And so, Mrs Hudson had quietly climbed the seventeen steps (her hip was giving her hell today, and she had to move slowly), duster in hand, and stepped in from the landing into their kitchen.
“For what it’s worth,” John continues carefully, “in my opinion you were not well attended. At all. You’re not an active user, so there really is no reason to not give you an opioid for such severe pain.” He sighs. This is not an easy subject for various reasons. First of all, no one can evaluate how much pain a patient
Sometime later, John looks up from his computer to find Sherlock still sitting across from him but apparently deep in his mind palace. Hands steepled below chin, eyes closed, slow breathing. At least he looks peaceful, free from the sheen of anxiety the damned stone has been giving him (and John per extension).
The war zone ended all that. Even if celibacy had not been a conscious choice, it was where John had landed. There had been interested parties, but John just…couldn’t. Then a bullet to his shoulder shattered both his bones and his confidence.
Sherlock lets John guide him out of the room and to…somewhere. He is floating, the world around him bleak and irrelevant.
Sherlock looks at him and sees his own sadness reflected in John’s face. “John, I…” How he will finish this sentence, he does not know.
Mycroft lifts his eyes from his mobile, raises an eyebrow, and greets John flatly, “A pleasure to meet you,
John looks at his friend’s red-rimmed eyes and his heart shatters. Sherlock has been clean for a long time but his history with substance abuse has come back to haunt him at the worst possible occasion. On one hand, John understands the reluctance in giving oxy or morphine to an addict. On the other hand, a one-time administration hasn’t been linked to significant relapses, and even when relapse risk exists, treatment with opioids can be carefully administered. Had they at least considered a spasmolytic?
Which is why a new e-mail with John’s name bolded in the From field sends a rush of thrill through his body. His mouth twitches, attempting to smile. He straightens his spine and then relaxes into the cushions – it’s a long message.
Sherlock is a professional, and it is far from the first time an enthusiastic fan has tried to interact with him. Still, he would prefer to complete his choreography without distractions. Worse than the fan hopping onto the stage, though, is the immediate flurry of action from Irene, who is about to chase the guy away.
Arms akimbo, John lifts his chin just that little bit higher up, the centimetre or so that makes Sherlock hesitate. “You will spend a few hours in this place or so help me. It’s a long trip for just one ride.”
It’s a dance we both know well. There is an understanding, an unspoken agreement, born out of the ashes of the messy clean-up after Magnussen’s death. What she does not know is that the terms differ: she thinks her previous life is finally tucked away in the past, and that she is forgiven for shooting me. That I am friendly, although cold and aloof due to our past. That John has forgiven her with carefully chosen words.
Absurd. Why would this child, from whose life he has been conspicuously absent, like him? He’s not exactly likeable the best of days. “She just thought I needed a stone for my pink pile,” Sherlock says, waving a hand at said pile.
John, who had been staring at his mug for a solid minute as if it contains the answer to life, the universe and everything, lifts his eyes and gazes softly at Sherlock. “Thanks, Sherlock. I am, um.
.” He turned and strolled towards the door, still clutching his new rubbery friend in his right hand. “
John’s building irritation prickles Sherlock, turns his stomach, raises his hackles. He gets up from his chair; confusingly, his knees wobble, but he stands. “Very well. Do you want to tell me what that was?”
“–and you will enjoy yourself, or at least keep me company while I enjoy myself, end. Of. Discussion.” John marches past Sherlock to the entry gate, a hand reaching for the mobile in his inner pocket to pull up their tickets. Sherlock gapes incredulously at first but then follows John, brooding. Hearing the angry stomping behind him, John smirks in triumph.
Sherlock seems unperturbed by Victor’s overt attention but replies warmly, “You see to that, Victor; that’s what I pay you for.”
John leaves the study with heartbreak and exhaustion painted across his features. The men eat sandwiches for dinner, too wrung-out to try to cook anything in the semi-darkness.
In the end, it is not hard to spot: the location is guarded by a high wall that blocks prying eyes. It’s a bit of an eyesore in the otherwise open and friendly character of the district. John finds the road to the main gate, which is a complicated wrought-iron affair; he stops in front of the gate and locates the tired-looking intercom on the wall. He presses a button, frowning at the crackling static noise that accompanies a disinterested male voice:
“Why would John be hammering on the walls? And also ignoring my texts? He usually makes Sherlock reply to me or replies himself, but—”
The day of the CT scan arrives, and Sherlock is not happy. With instructions to drink a litre of water and not go to the loo two hours before the scan, he is cursing everything and everybody around him. John takes pity on him and accompanies Sherlock to St Mary’s but draws the line at going in the actual CT room with Sherlock.
“Of course it has not moved, I can tell them that myself!” He slams the letter on the desk. “I’m not going.”
John sighs. Now that Sherlock mentions it, John does notice his defensive posture due to lateral pain. “Alright, I’m sorry. Just ruling out kidney damage. Contusion or–”
The next morning dawns bright and too cheery for Sherlock’s mood. He throws a dressing gown over his pyjamas and walks out of the bedroom, half-expecting John to be gone, half-hoping he hasn’t.
John sighs and reaches for his tea again. He breathes in the soothing bergamot notes of the Earl Grey. Greg had not been in the same division as John in MI5, but they had met regularly and developed something of a camaraderie, before John enlisted to be shipped off to Afghanistan. But celebrities!
John decides to make himself scarce – despite burning with curiosity, he’s not in a mood to watch this meeting between exes. As he retreats into the landing, Sherlock shouts for him.
John looks up from his hands with red-rimmed eyes and an expression of amazement. Again, he can’t quite find the words.
Sherlock’s exclamation startles John from his half-sleepy, afterwork tea drinking. “What?” He looks over his shoulder to Sherlock, who has straightened himself from his microscope at the kitchen table and is grinning like a maniac at him.
Sherlock looks up at him and stretches his long neck; John meets him halfway, a light touch of lips on lips that soon grows firmer, warmer, slicker. John finds himself sliding down into Sherlock’s lap, and they embrace for long minutes, their kissing only interrupted for moments of catching their breaths, locking mouths again and again in increasing hunger. John gives himself; Sherlock follows suit.
Greg Lestrade and Sally Donovan have been a team for so many years, Greg is almost unsure whether there was a time they
Furious doesn’t even begin to describe John’s mood as he too slams a door behind him. The door to the suite, that is. He needs some air, and Irene can keep an eye on the prima donna.
“Sherlock, which one of us is the medical doctor here?” John chides not without gentleness. Sherlock is not feverish, but… “It could be if there’s, for example, a kidney infection. You should do some blood work sooner rather than later.”
Sherlock sits in his chair in the sitting room, facing the large French doors, and observes the late June rain for a few moments. A flash of lightning sears across the sky; the sound of thunder follows five seconds after. Close. Idly, Sherlock considers what would happen if lightning strikes this old house. There’s a lightning rod and a surge-protection system, of course, but what if they failed? What if Sherlock were to step outside now and just… walk into the storm?
It’s not that John hasn’t been in a gay club before. It’s been a long time, sure, but there was the occasional visit back then, when he felt more adventurous and perhaps even rebellious. When he was open to exploring a part of himself that was equally thrilling and terrifying. Though those clubs had been decidedly less posh than this one – there, one could steal a touch or maybe even a one-night stand (and there had been a few).
Well. Never mind that now. Apparently, Mrs Hudson is at home and has, as she is prone to, opened the door to this stranger.
“Everybody in the house tries to control my life.” Mycroft and Lestrade and Victor, and now John Watson. And, while Sherlock has veto power, he can hardly say ‘no’ to most events thrown on his agenda.
His passion does not reside in pop music, though. It is rather the violin, an instrument he had mastered when he was a small boy. He has often dreamt about a change in career – the mainstream goo he delivers can only last so long, and he is starting to feel the tingling of boredom coursing through his veins. But Sherlock knows better than to try to even bring this up again with Mycroft or Greg – they are all aware of what sells music these days, and a solo violinist isn’t exactly mainstream substance. So, pop music it is.
“John…” Molly lays a gentle hand on his arm. She looks tired but focused enough, and while John had descended into panic and paranoia about protecting Sherlock while trying to keep Mycroft alive, she had been an absolute pillar, driving them to safety like a bat out of hell. “It’s not your fault. You did everything you could.”
As a guard finally shows up to take Mycroft to a private visiting room, he steels himself. No space for sentimentalities now.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Mild Hurt/Comfort; Angst; Happy Ending; Friends To Lovers; Johnlock; Missing Scene
This means it’s time to milk the cow. And, given that Sherlock is still rebuilding his reputation after coming back from the dead, this is also going to be good publicity for him. At least, that’s what Greg thinks. So here he is at 221B Baker Street, trying to convince the consulting detective to show up on the big finale.
We love each other. We have said so time and time again, in so many ways. Love is an amorphous concept, a shapeless creature felt and incarnated in the big and small events of shared lives. As a liquid or a gas, it must assume the shape of its container, fill the void with its molecules, permanently in movement. John and I have been building this container for years, yet its contents were elusive enough to give it a name.
“Yeah.” John takes a large sip, almost burning his tongue, in hopes it’s a good enough answer to close the subject.
“Oh, hell!” Sherlock explodes, getting up from his chair so hard it falls back on the cupboard next to John with a loud clang. He swirls around, his palms turned up in exasperation, jaw clenched and a hard look on his eyes. “To
“Well,” Sherlock clears his throat, “I’m off for a shower. See you later.” He flashes another shy smile at John before disappearing around the house.
. John downs the last of his beer while Sherlock narrows his eyes at him. “Yes, it was a client, of sorts. It just didn’t work out.”
Sarah’s alarmed voice cuts through his train of disconnected thoughts. What was that she had asked him? If he could feel this?
John doesn’t write. It’s fine. Sherlock doesn’t expect him to. People simply say such things as goodbye platitudes.
And if this is not John in a nutshell. Handling a toddler’s bedtime routine, he still manages to worry about Sherlock. The initial alarm in John’s voice turns into a soothing caress in those caring words, whispered through the phone line both for Rosie’s and Sherlock’s benefit.
Irene is visibly taken aback with the unexpected retort; John ploughs on, “I’m not here to cater to every whim of his. I’m here to keep him alive. I need your cooperation, not your disdain, Miss Adler.”
Beer and whisky and vodka and lust singing in their veins, the next minutes are a blur of hands on zippers, under trunk briefs, on smooth, hard flesh; of panting and moaning and kissing and biting and sweet, sweaty release.
As his thoughts drift further into the paradox that wears the skin of John Watson, Sherlock loses the proper tempo on his playing, the
Sherlock is acutely aware that his next words shape a future. They should not rest in limbo as those resting on a sheet of paper inside a sealed envelope.
“And the bullet hit him instead of me,” Sherlock says. “Precision shot, it would not have missed the target.”
“Ha, very good! That’s perfect, really.” He avoided giving too much thought on what Molly meant with ‘do it on a stretcher’. He was a professional, after all. “As described on our webpage, our products are made from the finest medical grade silicone and TPE. No pre-applied lubricants, all is squeaky clean. They last long with little wear. Better than the real thing, ha!” He chuckled and crouched to snap open his suitcase.
With one last, long thrust, John squeezes his eyes shut, makes an almost inhuman sound and paints Sherlock’s torso with thick strands, holding them in a desperate grip; Sherlock comes undone, and adds to the mess just seconds after, John’s name on his lips, waves of seemingly endless orgasm rippling through his body, his muscles tensing as he rides his climax.
Sally seems surprised to hear this, but doesn’t answer, which Greg takes as a good signal: she is thinking about it, turning the suggestion in her head, looking at it from different angles. She is, after all, a fine detective, one that should be up for promotion to DI soon enough if he has any word to say on it.
He stands up and faces Sally. The moment stretches in silence as they glare at each other. “And you, Detective Sergeant, are a hypocrite.”
Relief floods John – he’s not sure yet how he’ll make Sherlock keep his word but it feels wrong to leave him after he was almost murdered. He focuses on the practical for the moment and fetches some ice from the suite’s ice machine and a clean flannel from the loo. When he comes back, Sherlock is sitting gingerly on the edge of his bed, eyes fixed on some random spot on the carpet.
Sherlock slowly turns his phone to face John. John leans down and squints at the screen. On it there is… a recipe for spaghetti bolognese?
“Oh, stop it, John,” Sherlock huffs, “I’m not asking you to go out to another club to perform, or a shopping trip or whatever. I just.” Sherlock lowers his gaze to the ground and looks…embarrassed? John takes a deep breath and decides to wait until Sherlock collects himself and says what he has to say. “I feel claustrophobic in this house. I need to get some air. I know it sounds ludicrous, but. Well.”
He shakes away the past and focuses on the man standing before him now. Sherlock is chewing his lips nervously. John realises he is about to do it again, to step back when someone has stepped forward, to recoil when a hand has been extended. John watches helplessly as Sherlock’s gaze turns cold.
It’s not a moment filled with regret and apologies – rather, it is quiet and peaceful and filled with acceptance. It’s a healing of old scars, a look back to a past that can now stay in the past.
As he is about to leave for the Met with the good news to his chief super, Greg witnesses yet another silent conversation; but this time, there is also the slight squeeze of a forearm accompanying a warm smile, a softening of expressions, an exchange of gratitude and affection. Greg hurries down the stairs, wanting to leave the two men to their intimacy and catching a joyful, fleeting thought in his mind:
John dragged his wheeled suitcase through a brightly lit corridor in St Bartholomew’s Pathology Ward until he reached an access card-only door. He pressed the buzzer, and a few seconds later the door opened.
,’ he had said. John asks himself if there might be a grain of truth in this accusation. It hits him that Sherlock’s caustic temperament, including his constant antagonism to the new security measures, might be a shield. He needs to have some control over his life.
Ooh, John is unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt, now this is unexpected (but not unwelcome). Unfortunately, it seems Mary and Mycroft are still in the room, which is off-putting, to say the least. Are they into voyeurism? Ew.
soft.) and the body of a model. He was more out of place in a morgue than on the cover of GQ. The man thumbed vigorously on his mobile. “Molly, I need to see the body that came in yesterday. Lestrade’s being dull again, and–”
John finally understands how out of their depths the men are. Greg is smart, but his stint in MI5 wasn’t quite in this type of security matters, and his brief career as a cop, while undoubtedly useful for muscling his way through a crowd, isn’t quite what is needed here. Victor seems to want to please Sherlock, regardless of the price they have to pay.
He’s perfectly aware that there will be consequences for leaving Irene and Victor out of his back-up plans.
John opens the private door to Sherlock’s flat and guides him upstairs, a hand on his elbow and the other on the small of his back. Sherlock is as docile as a lamb, all his energy escaped like air from a party balloon, deflated and small. The contrast to stage-Sherlock is so staggering it’s almost unbelievable these two personas are the same man. They go through the kitchen and into Sherlock’s bedroom; John considers tea momentarily but decides against it – Sherlock needs rest more than anything right now. He sits the man on the bed, removes his own jacket from his shoulders and ponders about the next step.
John and Irene stare at each other. Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Irene was baited out of her post by someone impersonating John. Obvious.”
“Mycroft, do you really think so little of me?” John whispers back. His chest is heavy, filled with a weight of regret and guilt. But what has happened is now in the past and he can’t change it. John knows that he only wants to be at Sherlock’s side, be it as a friend or something more. His heart is in Baker Street and has been for longer than he is willing to admit out loud. While he understands Mycroft’s reluctance, it does sting him to be so belittled after showing a level of commitment that rivals, nay, that surpasses Mycroft’s in recent years.
Sherlock sways gently by a window, eyes closed, playing something Ellie does not recognise – not that she would be able to identify anything but the more well-known classic pieces, but still. He’s wearing a silky dressing gown that undulates in tempo with his right arm as it draws the bow gently back and forth across the strings; the gown is open over immaculate dark suit trousers and a white shirt. Ellie stares at him, a smile of admiration plastered on her face, while John quietly clicks the door closed behind them. Judging by John’s own casual attire, they were indeed just having a quiet afternoon in.
had asked him to look after Sherlock. Does he think John could help Sherlock from a distance? “How the hell am I supposed to look after him
“Well, it’s certainly…opulent. Why doesn’t he sleep here, not to his taste?” John can’t help but infuse his question with a little sting, and he does not miss the annoyed glare from Victor.
He thinks of the bees; how unfair it would be for them to be abandoned if something happened to him. The thought sends a shudder through his body and shakes him out of his dark thoughts. He remembers the bloody letter and blames it for the downturn of his mood. He should just chuck it in the rubbish bin; why hasn’t he done so yet?
The knock on the door surprises Mycroft. He had been expecting Sherlock to show up on his doorstep, but he assumed his brother would simply burst in – his usual
“At least let me ring you a cab. And if you change your mind, just call me and I’ll be right there.”
Greg’s comment about his fees is not out of place – John Watson is a well-paid private bodyguard. Security service in MI5 combined with army combat skills has made him sharp, fast, and lethal. He’s often been told he has an unassuming presence, which he knows lends itself to the job, melting seamlessly into the background. John isn’t a tall man either, and looks harmless to the untrained eye. All in all, he has made himself known as a reliable security expert in those circles where a personal recommendation is worth his weight in gold.
And the one time Sherlock agrees with John – on how caring is a distraction – John finds himself feeling disappointed anyway.
They dine in the garden after Rosie falls asleep. Plates hide the pretty mosaic on the small table; a glass of chilled Riesling pairs well with the lightly butter-fried sole. The air is warm and sweet, filled with summer and peace. Their knees bump, there’s small touches and easy smiles. Sherlock hates to break the moment with something that might rip discord in this serenity but needs must. He convinces John to pour them a nightcap from the liquor cabinet in the sitting room and uses the excuse of taking plates in the kitchen to secure his true objective.
John’s had enough. He signals to Mycroft’s driver to stop. “You’re the one telling him that caring is not an advantage,” he spits out.
John crawls to the box and slowly rises to his feet to look over the edge. He sees the cause for the buzzing now – a stupid wind-up teddy bear holding a hand-painted heart with ‘WE LOVE YOU, SHERLOCK! YOUR FANS IN CARDIFF, MILLY AND DAVID,’ the mechanism meant for the bear to shake the heart up and down in its ridiculous short arms.
. As much as it pleases Sherlock to have his friend back in Baker Street, he knows this comes at a price. Every day John spends away from Mary is another day dooming their marriage. What happens if their story ends in divorce? Mary disappears again, as she will have no shield against Magnussen; she will take the baby with her, no question about that — she is too possessive to not do so. And in time, John will begrudge Sherlock’s role in all this, their friendship rusting away.
John licks his lips and unwraps his fingers from Sherlock’s wrists. “Still too many clothes, don’t you think?” A predatory grin spreads on his face, and Sherlock cannot help but give an answering devilish smile. John shifts back enough to lift himself from Sherlock’s lap, undoes his button and zip. Sherlock realises he is staring hungrily at John’s groin and forces his gaze up. He meets a knowing, cheeky look from John, who practically rips off his jeans and pants in one go. Sherlock fumbles to open his own trousers and kick his shoes off while still lying down; they return to the previous position, John straddling Sherlock again.
“My brother can be very intransigent, and he’s always been so resentful. But his loss would break my heart, John. I appreciate your continued presence in this house in the professional role you were hired to fill.”
A scant few days that nevertheless stretch endless separate the phone call and John’s arrival. Sherlock spends this time with repairing one of the beehives, pruning the lilac bushes, fixing loose stones on the pavement outside his front door. He studies and sketches plans for a bigger shed – the current one holds all he needs for beehive maintenance and his honey extractor and related tools, but there’s no space to work in there. Would be nice to have a separate bench for his chemistry equipment, too. He’ll need running water and electricity for this extension though. He would have done all of these activities regardless of visitors but now he enjoys making plans and is looking forward to materialising them. He spends an inordinate amount of time reading reviews for inflatable air mattresses and drives almost 20 km one sunny afternoon to purchase a ridiculously overpriced one. The furniture in the sitting room is rearranged three times in diverse configurations, then all put back in their original spots, and Sherlock doesn’t really know why he’s done so.
idea of what it’s like! You don’t deserve to warm his bed. He’s surrounded by people who love him and you only make him miserable!”
success, John.” Mycroft pronounces ‘commercial’ as if it is a swear word, scrunching up his nose in distaste. “His life is a constant circus. The noise, the
After the attempt on Sherlock’s life, John had suggested a retreat to an old friend’s house. He knows he can count on Bill for both discretion and protection. A phone call and a short (amicable) discussion later, it was decided: John, Sherlock, Mycroft and Molly would travel to Scotland. No Irene, no Victor, not even Greg would know where they were going. Greg was not pleased by this decision but ultimately he understood that it was for the best.
Sherlock tilts his head sideways, an adorable small frown of confusion crinkling on the bridge of his nose. Oh, how John wants to kiss that very spot. He tries not to stare.
To his surprise, a sheepish Sherlock opens the door slowly. “You mean it? You won’t force me to do the scan?”
Sherlock can’t help the warmth spreading in his chest. He quenches it quickly. Nonsense, indeed: John is his bodyguard and his sense of duty trumps his own comfort; of course he will stay.
“Ha. I managed to surprise you.” Sherlock jumps onto the path and approaches him. He’s uncharacteristically dressed down in a worn-out jogging attire; John had not seen him in anything but his professional outfits, so the ratty t-shirt, faded out jogger trousers, and dirty trainers look almost out of place. Or it would for the Sherlock-ready-to-do-business, the hard-edged man who jumps on a stage and enchants an audience.
The words hang in the air and settle softly over them, sink into their skins, meld into their blood. As realisation dawns on Sherlock’s features, John sits forward and touches his knee with a warm, steady hand. Sherlock lays his hand over John’s; they look into each other’s eyes for a long moment.
This time, John stays outside the fitting room while Sherlock tries on one garment after the other, leaving without purchasing a single one.
. Mary isn’t ‘some nurse coming in between them’, she’s his future wife, and has been nothing but supportive of John and Sherlock’s friendship.
There’s something about the keys that niggles John. He has a similar set – access to all areas of the house is essential to his work.
John shakes his head. “No. I suppose not.” He rubs his face, drops his hands, and forces himself to look back at Sherlock. “You are weeding vegetables.”
John feels the ghost warmth of a tender hand still on his arm. He clenches his left hand to get rid of his semi-permanent tremor. Useless.
Sherlock loses his – admittedly short – patience. “What are you doing here?” The question is harsher than he intended but he doesn’t regret the tone. What
death threats?” He starts pacing the room. “No, don’t tell me. It’s glaringly obvious. This is what you have all been hiding from me. Me! You think
“Yeah, I suppose,” John finally answers. His gaze lingers unnecessarily long on Sherlock’s neck. “The place’s a bit of a dive but it’s cosy and discreet. The food’s good.”
, his brain provides – potted in a pretty green vase but definitely overwatered. A useless fact that still finds its way to his mind.
No, that’s not what Sherlock wishes. With increasing anxiety, Sherlock replies, “I do not want you out of my life, John, but right now I cannot have you in it.” There is a flash of relief mixed with pain on John’s expression, an unlikely combination that undoubtedly only John can pull off.
isn’t. Nevertheless, his eyes seem to drift towards the movement within: John seems to be settling in for the evening, a drink in his hand and a plate of food on a coffee table. He throws himself on an armchair in front of the large, smart television set and turns it on. From this angle, Sherlock can see what John is watching but contrary to what he first assumed, John isn’t putting on some mindless action film or brainless show. Instead, he opens the YouTube app on the telly, selects a channel, and starts playing a video.
is in – except the patient himself. The pain scale is as useful as the capability of the patient to understand it. Second, not even medical professionals are immune to disinformation and errors of judgement, and in the fast pace of an A&E setting, things can get overlooked. John wants to defend his colleague but at the same time he knows they were wrong, and that is because he knows Sherlock. Sherlock, who had escaped a hospital bed while recovering from a gunshot wound to protect John’s life. Admittedly, he had been drenched in morphine, but he had not been free from pain, far from it. Sherlock, who routinely claims his body is transport and therefore any ailments can and will be ignored.
“—confirming that the soil in the warehouse is, indeed, a mix of two different types of dirt packed onto each other in different years. Now, the top layer can’t be too thick to allow this extent of mixing, which means that its function was mostly to even out the worn-out ground. Had the owner or owners of the place been less cheap, they could have just cemented the whole floor, but that would take extra in maintenance costs as some sort of heating would have to be in place, so the ground would not crack on colder winters. This is probably not happening often in our climate, but still, it could cost more in the long run. But this is unimportant, as the real question is, where did the second layer of dirt come from? The answer to this question can be gleaned from a careful analysis of the pollen contents, the ratio of different mineral components and the percentage of organic matter in said dirt. Mind you, all three factors have to be taken into account, as pollen profiles do not vary significantly throughout the Greater London area, the mineral components might differ, yes, but they can be the same in different parts of London, and the organic matter, while being the most accurate parameter to identify a unique place, is difficult to separate into all of its components, which can be up to several hundreds depending on the—”
But if John is honest with himself…it’s John who is behaving like the jealous ex-lover and about to make a scene, and for what? The only thing that will happen is that he will ruin the evening for everybody, especially for Sherlock, and see him slip further away from his trust.
The small group frowns at the wrong name, but John corrects her, “Ah, actually it’s Watson, John Watson, Mrs…Hudson, was it?”
I’m not one to observe random calendar events. Well, not exactly random, this one, I suppose. Nevertheless, the yearly observation of a past event with some sort of hideous
The rest of the day oscillates between stilted awkwardness and amiable conversation. John had brought an alarming amount of food with him, arguing it was only fair if they were staying for free; this led to some banter about Sherlock’s eating habits and visible shock and subsequent embarrassment on John’s side when he realised Sherlock had a proper routine for meals, and even
New Year’s Day wakes up sunny and cheery, but Sherlock is feeling anything but. He’s not much of a drinker, and the few glasses of yesterday’s champagne he consumed in the small hours are making themselves known as a pounding headache. He tries to focus on writing down notes for a cover song he’s been thinking of recording, but the headache and John’s constant presence in the suite are distracting him.
“I’m not your puppet, Dr Watson.” She steps back and heads for the door. “I’ve been handling things just fine. Watch me, you might learn something.”
The realisation punches Sherlock in the chest. He’s pacing the sitting room, and his footsteps echo, and have they always done so? He had not noticed how every sound he makes in this house reverberates freely, without suffering interference from other sound waves produced by other people. Voices, laughter, shouting, telly. It is only Sherlock who produces noise, the cottage otherwise quiet as a crypt, a premature tomb for the one living soul between these four walls.
Instead, John is rewarded with a soft, genuine smile as Sherlock relaxes in visible relief and asks tentatively, “Tonight?”
Sherlock sits next to him; accepts a tumbler, takes a sip, sets it down. John takes a few hasty gulps.
- If explicit content is not your thing, you can skip the beginning of this chapter - just start at the next section break.
“Not hard at all, I guess.” She shrugs and scratches the bandage on her hand. John notices it’s a fresh one – Molly is taking good care of her injury.
Sherlock turned a sly gaze to John. “Do you have this in a different size?” Sherlock gave him a once-over and licked his lips.
John takes a proper look at Sherlock as he chews on his lip and tries to find the words to finish his thoughts. It’s perhaps the first time since their date that he’s seen Sherlock this open and vulnerable, and it fills him with sadness.
For the umpteenth time, Sherlock drags himself to the loo and slams the door shut. John knows what is happening next – Sherlock whimpers, curses, whimpers a bit more, flushes the loo, then there’s a minute where nothing else happens except hand washing and then Sherlock comes out looking green. Rinse and repeat.
“I want to giggle with you at crime scenes. I want to refuse to eat but steal food from your plate. I want to serenade you with my violin. I want
“You,” she interrupts me, and it’s like a bullet has found its way to my chest all over again, “it’s you. He’s in love with you.”
“Touch me, John,” he whispers shakily, and John’s eyes widen in wonder, lips parting in a breathy exhale as if releasing some sort of contained anxiety. He fumbles to open the drawer on his bedside table and retrieve a small bottle which Sherlock recognises as lube.
Greg shrugs off his sodden coat and hangs it on a wall hook. He takes a deep breath, as if finally able to breathe after navigating the storm. “Thank you. I tried texting him, but the git isn’t answering.”
And why would he avoid it? He had everything he ever wanted in that very moment: John in his arms, his warm skin sliding gently on Sherlock’s, his blue eyes so full of affection directed at one Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock’s chest filled with so much love for this man he thought he would simply burst.
“‘Piss off’,“ but Sherlock is smiling back and before he can think better he’s adding “I’m closing in half an hour. Dinner?” Oh lord, why does he think John will accept?
“His biggest fan, yeah. Lovely. Loves Sherlock so much he wants to see him dead.” Hands on his hips, John shuffles impatient feet on the wooden floor.
“You believe this location to be relatively secure. Is it because you have a good grasp of the floor plan and a view over the whole room?”
Sherlock sighs and relaxes minutely into the mattress. “Okay.” A moment later, “Thank you.” He squirms on the bed for a while, obviously not finding any position that would give him relief. Some twenty minutes later he falls asleep.
“We don’t have to. Let’s just go home. We’ll pick up dinner at the new Chinese place on Edgware Road, how about it?”
“Just look at him.” Victor’s oily voice catches John by surprise – he had not heard him approaching. “He’s so fucking gorgeous. This, John, this is what he is supposed to be doing. Not living in a cage.”
“She’s not had her mid-morning snack so she’s not in a great mood. Any chance for an early lunch?” He’s walking out of the door while casually throwing the question over his shoulder, as if this was a common domestic scene between them. It takes Sherlock a few disconcerting moments to shake out of his semi-shocked state and react.
“You think there is more glory in protecting politicians than artists, but there’s not. It’s not…I don’t choose clients based on whether they deserve more or less to be protected from harm. Or rather, yeah, I might do, but the choice isn’t based on what they do for a living, but rather…what they are, and what the nature of the threat is.”
“Easy, Sherlock, take it easy. I’ll give you some more painkillers, but you should try to eat something first.”
What he doesn’t expect though, is to see a single tear track down John’s cheek, landing on his upper lip. John doesn’t brush it away.
Mycroft sighs deeply, just avoiding an eyeroll. “If you’re quite done vociferating your protests, perhaps you will now tell me if your moving back is a permanent move. Or will you leave him again as soon as some other charming woman with a notorious past catches your attention?”
Not for the first time, Ellie wonders about the reputation of Sherlock Holmes as a cold, calculating man. Yes, she witnessed him being abrasive in Broadchurch, and clashing spectacularly with Alec. But the man in front of her radiates sympathy, kindness, even compassion.
As Greg is hoping Sally sees his point, he watches her instead transform: she lifts fiery eyes at him, clenches her fists, hardens her jaw, her whole stance tensing.
A hand on a knee. On the curve of the neck. On a cheek. Fingers through curls, through short strands of hair.
John releases a breath of relief. “Thank you, Molly. Just grab some essentials and we’ll be on our way.” She nods and marches up to the first floor.
Sherlock throws away the small bag in a rubbish bin with more violence than needed and replies between clenched teeth, “It went
John extended his hand – the one without a dildo – and cleared his throat. “John Watson, sales rep from Deus Sex Machina Toys.”
“I will come back to you, John,” Sherlock mumbles wetly against the pillow while slowly falling into a deep slumber. “I will come back.”
“Not that one, I don’t. I have another one for when we are out and about.” John carefully omits the word ‘legal’ from his sentence.
That is more of an answer than Sherlock is expecting, and damn it if it doesn’t cause another sort of pain on his chest. “You are invaluable to me, John. But,” he continues carefully, “aren’t you worried about your child? And Mary?”
The next morning, John sees Molly approaching one of his French doors, which are slightly ajar to let crisp, cold air into the stuffy, unused flat, and waves her in before she gets a chance to knock.
Sherlock looks back at him, confusion written all over his face. “That is the whole purpose of the severed hand, John, why would I throw it away?” He proceeds to remove his coat and scarf.
And there they are. Sherlock cannot avoid the sunny smile spreading on his face, and his nervousness abates somewhat at a mirrored smile on John’s. He is holding a rather cranky toddler in one arm, car keys dangling from his hand, a duffel bag at his feet. “Hey, Sherlock.”
what’s been troubling her. “Sally, he doesn’t hold any resentment against us. If he did, he wouldn’t have come here today when I asked him to. He has received a proper official apology, we have talked about this… we were all fooled. It’s water under the bridge. He’s probably forgotten all about it, the way he ‘deletes’ things in his head.” Greg is trying to not be dismissive, but he’s saying nothing but what he believes is the truth. Sherlock, ever the pragmatic detective, had made it clear he did not hold any grudges, as the web Moriarty had spun around them had been clever and tight. Of course, Greg also had lingering thoughts of guilt in his role in all that mess, but it all had sort of been cancelled out by Sherlock’s return from the dead, had it not?
They are not good for each other. John thought he could keep the wife and keep the friend, but it was all too much for poor ordinary him. They are complicated and he is a simpleton. Complicated, yeah, but in a simpleton way. Or something like that.
Sherlock continues to observe as the wide glass doors on John’s place are not covered by curtains. John is moving methodically through his living-room; he deposits some books on a side table, opens and closes drawers, then stands at the large French windows and looks out into the night and up towards Sherlock’s flat. His body tenses almost imperceptibly – obviously, he notices Sherlock observing him.
John ponders for a moment on Sherlock’s question. He had definitely caught a figure scrambling out of the window but his attention was divided between the intruder and Sherlock prostrated on the floor.
Sherlock begrudgingly accepts the idea of a rollercoaster ride. Located one hour’s car drive away, Thorpe Park is at a perfect distance for a day trip. John purchases entrance tickets in advance, investigates options for a romantic… no, intimate… no, well, a
He glances at Greg but, instead of confirming his thoughts, Greg is shaking his head with an amused expression. “Didn’t tell him anything about that. Not a word.”
John murmurs a thank-you and advances cautiously, avoiding a couple of burly men carrying wood planks; he can hear vigorous hammering and drilling not far off. He peeks in a couple of rooms: a large living room, as extravagantly decorated as the foyer, with white leather sofas, velvet curtains draping French doors, gilded details here and there, a faint smell of furniture polish; another room seems to be more of an office, with shelves filled with awards, walls covered in marketing photos and magazine covers of Sherlock and a mishmash of accolades. From the window in this room, John can see the swimming-pool; despite the incoming winter season, the pool is filled with clean water, probably warmed. In contrast to the buzzing occurring out in the corridor, these rooms are devoid of people, immaculate, pristine.
He spiked their drinks because he wanted Sherlock. He wanted one last opportunity to tell him that… to tell him…
There are two chairs at his kitchen table. There are two chairs on the patio. There are two armchairs in the sitting room.
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes & Greg Lestrade; Sherlock Holmes & John Watson; Johnlock; gratuitous abuse of present continuous
John, beautiful John, calling him gorgeous and petting him and being so attuned to Sherlock’s every mood. “I was just thinking how lucky I am to have this new thing between us.” He feels himself redden a bit at the sentimentality of his words, but they are out now, syrupy as they may be.
He’s sure it’s pure suicide – they’re on the top floor – so instead of chasing the intruder, John focuses on the man gasping on the floor.
Shit, shit, shit. Was this too much? The memory of their row still echoes in Sherlock’s mind; yes, their e-mail exchange had lifted some of that suffocating atmosphere, but to invite John right back into an environment he might perceive as hostile was probably a stupid idea. Sherlock is second-guessing his idea now and is about to take back his offer when John answers:
“Counterintuitively enough, yes.” Sherlock aims for derision but he’s clearly too tired and aching to put any real venom in his reply.
“Alright. Sorry I didn’t know; I’m a bit out of touch from all that here,” Bill replies apologetically. Sherlock dismisses his worries with a wave of a hand. Bill scrapes the chopped vegetables from the wooden block and dumps them into a simmering pot. “You must be really special to need John.”
To John’s surprise, Irene squeezes his bicep and smiles apologetically. “I thought it was just dinner,” she whispers and gets in the car.
The two men gaze at each other for a long silent moment. John feels… extraneous. Obviously, they have met before, and they have a history.
? To gawk at my isolation? To remind me of how I am not allowed to fail or leave or feel pain or heartbreak or be the least bit
“That is not quite true, now is it.” The quiet comment surprises Sherlock; he looks at Mycroft just to be met with an unreadable expression. “Although I do not condone your romantic involvement with staff, I can see that there is something…different with this particular person.”
John has no doubts about popping the big question. At first, he thought Sherlock would not want to get married, that he would ridicule the ceremonial aspect of it all. But, with time, John, who has learned a thing or two about deductions from the world’s only consulting detective, detected the slightest of doubts, the faintest of sorrows, the hint of fear every time they talked about their future.
He looked up from his mobile to see Molly clutching the vibrator and blushing furiously. John squeezed the purple dildo in his hand a little tighter and tried to think about foul-smelling abscesses and infected toe nails to cool off the heat developing in his lower abdomen.
“John,” Sherlock looks part exasperated, part bemused, and very much trying to not snicker, “do you really think Mycroft and I were the sort of children to frequent amusement parks?”
Sherlock darkens the doorway to John’s bedroom. John glances at his alarm clock – 5:37 a.m., the dawn just starting to push through his curtains and the now open door. John turns on his bedside-table lamp and looks up at Sherlock with an inquisitive noise, but any questions die on his tongue as he takes in Sherlock’s haggard looks.
John, who had been silent in his armchair the whole time while Greg tried to convince Sherlock to attend the press conference, lightened immediately the mood. “Well, Greg,” he quipped, with a half-smile, “I hope you have a speech prepared. Or do you really want him,” he gives a short jerk of his chin towards Sherlock, “to declare whatever he wants in front of the nation’s media?”
John takes a deep breath and, before he regrets it, continues, “You’ll go stir-crazy if you’re locked in all day here, I get it. I…Let’s…Yes. That. Go out. Together.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply immediately. He seems to be trying to read John’s thoughts, his sharp blue eyes narrowing ever so slightly at him, cool and calculating. “She knows I’m gay. Remember that she ‘knows what people like’?” The quotation marks are obvious in his answer.
Bill chops vegetables for dinner by the old AGA cooker as Sherlock pokes around the kitchen, tea cup in hand. Through the kitchen window, Sherlock can see the loch and the silhouettes of Molly and John – barely visible in the dusk – as they survey the area around the house.
John leaves the rose on the tombstone and takes two steps back. Stares at the familiar name. Plants himself in front of the grave of his best friend. Inhales deeply, exhales shakily. It’s so very quiet here, just the gentle rustling of leaves and the drizzle infusing the scene with white noise, the earthy petrichor surrounding him.
Ellie observes the tennis match of a banter between the two men. It is light and infused with amusement, neither of them arguing with heat, eyes twinkling with a hint of mischief. In fact, their whole demeanour is so oddly domestic one would be forgiven to believe they were married to each other. They finish each other’s sentences, mirror gestures, huff and scowl and smile and roll their eyes in tandem, and exchange knowing looks, as if words were mostly superfluous. Maybe they are.
He’s been in Sherlock’s suite, a brief visit to chart out the room’s layout before the man arrives. The suite is the only room on the floor, and John requested the rooms below to be kept empty. He’s not forgetting that the lunatic is a bomber and he’ll not need direct access to Sherlock’s room to harm him. The suite is richly decorated with tasteful red and burgundy details on a mostly innocuous beige background –
Ellie takes a brief look around the hallway before following John up the narrow staircase. That’s when she hears it – the sounds of violin playing, a soft melody permeating the twilight. “Having a quiet afternoon with your music collection?”
It’s difficult to tear his eyes from the sensual creature dominating the stage, but John forces himself to do so, ignoring the warm feeling in his guts from a bloody
Sherlock opens sad eyes and smiles at John, that soft, private smirk only John gets to see. Maybe Victor was the recipient of such smiles, once upon a time? “Someone emotionally stumped. Unavailable.”
They find their way through a broad corridor to Sherlock’s dressing room, which is covered in flower bouquets and wreaths of all sorts and styles. John fishes out a hand-held metal detector from seemingly thin air and starts scanning everything. Sally hangs the clothes covers on a rack and leaves the room, disappearing into the noise of the club. Irene stands outside the door, watchful of her surroundings. The rest of the entourage disperses; Sherlock sits down at a dressing table and starts arranging his curls into place, ignoring the rest of them. Satisfied with the innocence of the floral arrangements, John casts a glance at Sherlock and leaves the room.
John pushes open the door to the restaurant and lets Sherlock in first. The door closes behind the cold London air with a soft
“Richard Brook. Actor and producer. He’s not mainstream so it doesn’t surprise me if you haven’t heard of him before,” Mary replies.
Mrs Hudson almost spits her tea but she composes herself quickly. “That would be John. Probably.” She feels herself blush — but the fact is that she has picked up a skill or two in making her own deductions from living in close quarters with the world’s only consulting detective.
“Obvious,” Sherlock interrupts and continues in one breath, “You worked as a security agent but your stance is military. You have a faint tan on your face and hands; could have been from holidays in a sunny destination, but your tan lines are visible under your cuffs and collar. So, not holidays. Conclusion? You were abroad doing military service, exposed to harsh sun while wearing clothes covering your whole body – battledress. It must have been a modern conflict zone with British presence, thus limiting the options to Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Or… were they? Something catches her eye to her right, and a quick glance reveals a wall plastered with photos, maps, hand-written notes.
. She had no intention to go there, but the words simply left her mouth. She knows it’s a low blow, unsure as she is about how the two men have worked through the turmoil that Sherlock’s return must have caused in their relationship. Sally braces herself for a scathing reply. To her surprise, Sherlock lowers his eyes to the carpet, visibly taken, and whispers, “I am aware of that, Sergeant.”
