Tony waits until the gym clears out. He knows Steve stays behind without a miss to clean up after them.
“You too,” Steve says, voice still raw, cracking at its end, but his striking blue eyes are fierce on Tony, even as if they shed a lone tear.
“What’s going on?” He asks, not bothering to beat around the bush anymore. He’d done it for the last two weeks and he’s tired. “Tony.” He presses when no response comes.
But what terrifies him the most is the realisation that after everything he’d lost, he may have still not paid the full price yet. That there still maybe some more debt written under his name.
The press finds out about Tony’s little ‘vacation’, as they print it. Stark Industries experiences a fall more drastic that it had when NYT printed about Tony’s overdose.
She fixes him with a stare. “I’m calling you whatever you are for putting yourself so far down below the psychopaths, that you’ve convinced yourself you deserved to be abused.”
“What?” Bucky laughs, fingers raking through his long hair as he shakes his head and when he looks up again, whatever he sees in Tony, it makes him square up, and he exhales in a rush.
Methodically, ordering Steve to follow his example, as he pulls one large hand to palm his own chest and he goes through the count over and over until Steve’s shudders and his breathing eases down.
She doesn’t try to hide the surprise in her eyes. Merely embraces it, recollects herself and gives a nod to proceed.
“That,” Tony leans back, taking in the list for the umpteenth time. “I’m still trying to figure out.”
they go. The only give of her turbulent feelings her body could reveal to someone who had known her for ages; Tony.
It'll tackle the whole 'abuse' notion from his perspective as well as some awkward first dates between himself and tony
If not for an excuse to allow himself drink in the sight of the man who took a laser to his chest for him and almost died. The man he'd lost his sanity for, killed for and then ran away from because he is a coward.
“Like I said, your highness. Breaking expectations are my expertise.” Then because, bitterness is his latest style, he smirks. “Disappointed already?”
Then the crowd applauds, and it’s surreal; Bucky could smell hydrangea and roses, make out tulips and lilies as he scoops his husband up in his arms.
It’s 2013 with the night lights on and the full moon out. Tony crawled out of his workshop because he needed coffee but he found solace in bonding with Steve Rogers instead.
Rhodey chews on his cronut thoughtfully and makes a face. He switches the cronut with a strawberry sprinkled donut and asks, “Does he know?”
“I have a fucked-up brain, or a brain that’s been fucked with a large number of times – depending on where you’re looking from. She’s upset all the time and I don’t think it’s helping her with her control over her power. I can feel it -,”
Steve is intent, but Tony knows that behind that careful blankness is fear, if they were going to disappoint Wanda this time around too.
He feels good, relieved but at the same time, he’s scared. There is an unexplainable fear lurking within him waiting for the other shoe to drop. And it will drop, he knows.
She’s pretty tonight. All dolled up like she’s heading somewhere fancier than have takeout for dinner at Tony’s penthouse.
One day, he’ll be on the side where that window is, and Steve will lean and Tony will hold him without feeling as awkward as they do now.
“I hope you don’t take this as an excuse to leave the team, Mr Stark. If there’s anything I’ve learnt from this talk, it’s that you’re incredibly inclined to assume the
Outside the cricket sings, it rained earlier, so the frogs croak in harmony to them. The temperature has been fluctuating from winter cold to deceptive summer heat on some days.
He’s bright and happy, and he’s everything Bucky wants and is going to have even though he’s one hundred percent sure he doesn’t deserve.
“Try again.” She snorts, scraping the chair away from the table with her weight, already standing up with her empty plate and drinking mug in each hand.
By the time he finishes, he’s breathless and he’s spent two whole hours in her office without her saying a single word during the timespan at all.
The first night in the tower after the entire team moved in, Tony walked into the kitchen looking for coffee, but found the ex-assassin slash Spy instead.
“What?” he blurts out, brown eyes blinking wide in surprise. Steve's own chest is blooming hopes like daisies in spring.
. He clicks on the latest one and it’s a clipped paragraph demanding him to consider a proposition. He clicks on the attached folder and it’s the Hellicarrier’s engineering plan with its flight system replaced by what looks like a resized repulsor tech. Tony stares at it for a minute before exiting.
“You cut off all the connections, Tony. You disappeared. Even if you were in Cali, you wiped yourself off, in more ways than only physical. I cannot speak to you because you weren’t listening. It was hard.”
He waits with bated breath, what only takes a few seconds feels like decades as he stands, rocking on the balls of his feet, sweat sticking to his skin, his breathing picks up again, his heart never really stopped sprinting –
Two months later, they’re what Tony begrudgingly (and Steve, with fond exasperation) admits are friends and that’s that.
“Think if I buy all the stock and resell them to new, better idiots – Is that possible? Can I do that?” Tony muses aloud.
“Tony,” Steve sighs, sounding closer than before and when he looks up, he’s right; Steve is closer, he’s sitting on the edge of the bed now - Didn’t even hear him move, which is a surprise, so Tony looks at the bed frame, wondering what material it’s made of.
Barnes eyes hollow his movements, even as his own fingers are busy with something else; pressing and moulding the titanium alloy.
“Y-Yeah,” Tony scratches his beard, pathetically trying to hide the laugh he couldn’t quite control. “Anything else?”
His voice cracks and his lips tremble but he never notices all these, too enraptured by the sight of Steve in front of him, whole and unharmed. No tears, no –
“I mean, why not tell the others, why are you here, not with them.” He adds hastily when Bruce looks at him like he’s lost his head.
One part of his mind supplies him with all the memories he has of Steve with his bare feet; both appropriate and incredibly inappropriate.
It’s only when Tony gives a curt nod and stilted promise of “I promise we’ll work on this,” that T’Challa moves.
To her credit, she holds his gaze, unwavering, green eyes flickering slightly as if she’s trying to read into him. Tony lets her.
He feels like yelling at him. Screaming that his right to call him like that was lost along with the last crumbs of Tony’s heart.
“Twenty-six?!” Sam asks, louder if that’s even possible, and Barnes throws a pillow at his head as Steve and Rhodey walk away.
“Maybe if you ask nicely.” He suggests, bringing his fingers to brush over a stray mist coated golden leaf on the mowed lawn.
Left alone with Charles and McCoy, both men offer a tour around their lab while waiting for Wanda and Miss Grey to return.
T’Challa regards him for a long while, as if he’s deciding what to say next. Whatever he decides, gives him the pinched look like he’d tasted something bitter, but the resignation of his decision is concrete in the curve of his shoulders.
“I’m fine.” He says, turning back to the gauntlet he's fiddling with under a low table lamp, straining his eyes behind his glasses.
He thinks about progress. He thinks about healing. He wonders if he falls back into Steve’s arms, will he be undoing every one of them.
Steve glances at him, passing him a handful of spoons and forks. Thank god for Korean night, there’re no knives.
“AHA!” he points at Rhodey. Beaming like the biggest loon. “So, this is what Steve meant.” He laughs at Rhodey’s increasingly confused look.
So Tony tries to be there for him, as much as he can; never stopped trying even during remission. But he had some meetings to attend across the ocean; 5 countries in three days and this wasn’t even their first separation, let alone the longest. He wouldn’t have left if he wasn’t confident.
“You can stop talking now,” Tony loops an arm around hers, guiding them back into the kitchen. Leaving the chilly winter air of the backyard to the crickets and moonlight.
relieved. He is so relieved that he could laugh because every single damned time this happens - he is afraid he will never get Bucky back so when he does; he feels like he could finally
Tony’s head whips around to face him, “Why?” he asks back, scandalised, “I just jumped you, you blonde idiot. I’m in love with you! You want friendship while I want to fuck you and then take you out on dates and do that over and over for everyday of my life and Steve. I want to see your face the first thing in the morning, I want to kiss you awake, I want to kiss you to sleep, I want to burn omelets trying to make you breakfasts in bed, I want to hold you, do all those juvenile things teenagers do, bring you to Disneyland, see you smile, see you laugh and I want to be the reason why -,”
“If you live here, you’d know.” Natasha remarks casually, her eyes trained unblinking on the TV when Tony snaps his attention back to her.
Tony scoffs. Steve on the other hand, flushes with shame. “It won’t happen again,” he tells Fury. The chair beside him creaks and Tony stands up straightening his suit. Steve looks at him expectantly, hoping he’d say something, but he isn’t even looking back.
When Steve starts shaking again, fingers digging into Tony’s skin where they rest over his naked side, Tony presses his mouth over Steve’s ear.
The sight of them reminds him of movie nights in the tower, eons ago. When Thor and Barton would make a game out of who eats most popcorn of them all.
, JARVIS’ console burned into ashes. Tony’s heart shattered like the glasses around the lab he used to share with Bruce. Bruce who was gone, untraceable. There’s a distinct ache in his chest that belonged to neither Bruce not JARVIS.
“What are you? 12?” he snorts. “Is this how you flirt, because Rogers you better count your lucky stars you landed me for your boyfriend. I let you get away with this. Anyone else, I doubt they will.”
He’d spent a long, long time hoping it had been different. That something could be changed between them.
“Sometimes, we have to rely on others to help us.” He tells her, clutching tightly onto his steaming mug of coffee as he follows her example and keeps his eyes trained far, far away into the clearing.
They’re a team now as far as a team Tony had imagined should be. If Steve insists on calling it a family, he thinks he can forgive him for that too.
Tony’s eyes seem to soften marginally before they harden and he bodily slams Steve up against the wall. Everything happens so quickly then forth that Steve's first conscious thought is: Is he kissing me?
; decked in mismatching socks and comfy throws, for each their own hot beverage and piles of snacks on the floor as they marathon movies after bad movies for the night.
Tony has no words for her. No ways to understand her, but he tries to. He tries to put himself in her shoes even if he fails each time because he cannot even begin to imagine, but he tries.
They say, the natural selection is merciless. It eliminates those who are too weak. Too incapable to defend themselves.
His central processors collided with the inside of his physical self’s frame. The coolant gel that substituted for cranial fluid was enough to slow, but not entirely halt, the damaging impact.
It was a stealth mission. For all he’d played the clandestine agent game as best he could, Tony never quite managed to master the art of
“I am the real— Oh. Yeah, okay. That’s fair. I can see how you’d think… I mean, it makes sense, more sense really… Cap, I’m the real Tony Stark.”
Steve, however fit and well-trained, lacked the staying power of a literal machine. He was starting to flag, and the inevitably of his limitations made him desperate, or especially clever, or both.
In the grains of the strained, splintering wood, he found his excuse. And he knew that the explosion, when it came, would be magnificent.
He accepted, of course he did, and she sent a single thought. A face in its unmarked, inhuman beauty. The roiling, stinging rapids of emotion that nearly drowned her. Tenderness. Love. A tempest of grief, despair, and
Friday, his baby girl for all that she was no longer a baby in any sense of the word. Not with twenty-six months uptime and two younger siblings approaching fifteen months themselves. A year since JARVIS moved to the experimental Legionnaire project full-time and Friday became his permanent copilot in the Iron Man armor.
For every android smuggled across the 39th parallel, a dozen—a score, three dozen, more—attempted crossings of their own. Some succeeded, but far more treks ended in tragedy. Capture. Surrender into custody. Summary execution or transportation off-site to be ‘decommissioned’ en masse.
“Was not,” Tony lied. In lieu of further commentary, he leveled his repulsors at the multi-million dollar machinery.
Tony managed to avoid a confrontation for twenty-three days and fifteen missions before the penny dropped.
Her memory would persist far beyond this wasteland for years to come if Tony had anything to say about it. In return, Tony transmitted pieces of a map. The first would direct the now-alert Pink Traci to the downed AJ-200. The second, to one of many egress packs stashed around the outer borders of Mesquite Regional. Advanced coolant packs. Billowing beige hooded ponchos. So long as she was careful and sheltered in the hottest parts of the day, it was enough to see her through to the third and final stage of the path he offered. The first stage of a long journey he started each and every Mesquite rescue on.
Everything goes quiet inside Steve’s head. There’s only him and the comfort of a repetitive gesture, of a familiar taste.
Steve doesn’t stop, he can’t stop. He’d die if he stops, but it’s not enough, it’s like having only half of Tony. It’s like being only half of himself.
“I was already worried! Steve! When they threw you back into that room you were a sack of broken bones. Do you think that didn’t worry me? I was terrified you’d die in my arms! Of infection, of, of a perforated lung! Do you have
He must be very tired. It makes Steve worry, though, because the Tony he knew was always impossibly active, slept the bare minimum, constantly driven by a strange sort of nervous energy. Now he seems okay physically, to Steve’s inexpert eye at least... but who knows.
Tony comes out of the bathroom. He’s towelling off his hair, another towel snug around his hips. Low. So damn low.
“I kept a secret from Dad. A big secret. It was about Uncle Bucky and... Dad got mad at me and Uncle Bucky, so I—”
“I will. I want you. Steve. My consent… you have it. When you wake up again I don’t know if you… but it’s okay. Anything you need to do, you have my permission. Throughout the whole rut. Alright?”
Tony avoids looking at Steve, gathers saliva in his mouth and spits in his hand, takes both their dicks in his fist and starts stroking, fast, and Steve’s brain after that,
“Perfect… perfect for me,” Tony hears him whisper; he’s saying other things but Tony can’t make them out. Steve rests his hips on the mattress and Tony feels reckless enough to ride up his dick a couple of times—at first Steve’s knot is still small enough that it catches at Tony’s rim just right, but then the edge of pain becomes sharper, and then it just
That seems to hit Steve harder than Tony meant to. He clenches his jaw. “How’re you feeling?” he asks, pushing Tony’s hair away from his forehead, then sliding his hand down, resting it on Tony’s cheek.
“Yeah. Yeah, don’t worry. We’re gonna get through this together, just… just don’t slip away from me.”
Back in their room, Tony becomes silent, immersed in his own thoughts. He sits on the bed, stares absently at his own hands, open in his lap with the palms up. He studies them as if he’s seeing them for the first time.
She’s crying too, now, and Steve releases Tony’s hand and sits next to her on the couch, hesitates for a moment, then wraps her up in his big arms. Tony follows, sits on Stella’s other side, and hugs her too, and what he can reach of Steve, because you hug people when they’re hurt; his Mom taught him that.
Steve whispers. “I don’t know, this is just... overwhelming, and I, I don’t, it’s so… it’s so strange to think that I can touch you like this, and, and kiss you, and…”
Stella insists they stay for dinner. Tony tries to resist, but she says she’s going to make insalata di riso, and Steve never had it, and apparently there’s no way Steve can go around telling people he went to Italy during summer if he never had insalata di riso. So they stay.
But also: Tony isn’t feeling any worse, really. Actually, he feels pretty good. His orgasms are good. His erections are okay-ish. Sure, they often sag, but Steve is very patient and waits for him, smiles, touches him in the least condescending way, gives him all the time he needs, helps him until he comes. He felt a bit embarrassed at first, looking at his soft cock slide between Steve’s lips, but he’s used to it now, and it feels strangely intimate. And in general he maybe feels a bit weak in the legs when he walks to the bathroom in the morning, but for the rest, he’s fine.
“Come to bed, Tony,” Steve tries, “please.” And it makes Tony laugh even harder, because to him the mere idea is so absurd that it doesn’t even deserve to be considered at all.
He reaches up with his arms to encircle Steve’s shoulders, balances himself on his tiptoes and guides Steve’s head into the crook of his neck.
“Are you trying to prove we can’t co-lead the team right now? Acting like this?” Steve says, making an effort to speak as quietly as possible, almost whispering, so Tony doesn’t feel antagonized by the words, so they don’t start screaming at each other, so things don’t go to shit in one minute.
He thinks about all the people who hate him, all the people he has let down, everyone he has disappointed and hurt. He thinks about his misguided attempts at redeeming himself, about how he only made it worse, only caused more death, more pain, more suffering to innocent lives that did not deserve the incommensurable misfortune of Tony Stark crossing the path of their peaceful existences.
He’s half-naked when Steve finds him, and that, of all things, annoys Tony. He doesn’t want to show his bruises, doesn’t want Steve to see how much weight he’s lost, how dry his skin is, peeling off and scabbing at his knees and elbows.
Tony gets up from the bed to take off his pants and t-shirt, drapes them over a chair. He opens the French window and stands there for a few minutes, letting the breeze cool his skin, dry away the thin layer of sweat covering him. It’s a slow process, because the air is stifling even in the middle of the night. He should install air conditioning, but every time he thinks about it he feels queasy, like he’s thinking about disrupting the natural order of things.
“Leave me,” he says. Tony shoots him the coldest look. “They’ll be here soon. You need the advantage.”
This church was here when his father died, when he was born, when his mom died, when Bucky went to war. It was here when Steve met Peggy, when he got his new body, while he was fighting Nazis. It was here when Bucky died, it was here when Steve felt his lungs fill with ice-cold water. During all the time he slept, this church was here: while Bucky was brainwashed, while Peggy went on with her life, while Tony was born and grew up and Sharon and Sam did the same, while Bucky and Natasha shared whatever it is they had and that Steve hopes they can have again, if they want. When Steve woke up, the church was here. When he met Tony, too. That night, when Steve came inside Tony for the first and only time, the taste of Tony’s orgasm still acidic down Steve’s throat, this church was here.
“Fuck,” he says, and the tears that stream down his face now are so utterly different from all the others he’s spilled these past few days—this isn’t pain, this isn’t shame, this isn’t emptiness or frustration or heartbreak, no.
Tony has done this same thing many times to many people in his life, and no one’s ever been this tight, not even at first, not even the first time.
“I held myself back. Kept myself from loving you, forced myself not to, because I was supposed to hate you. Because I
The box in Steve’s hand provides him with more comfort than its little size should justify. He’s grateful for it; in certain situations he never knows what to do with his hands.
. Then Tony would touch Steve, or suck him off, or lay there under him while Steve braces with one arm next to Tony’s head and jerks off, staring into Tony’s eyes, coming all over his lap, on his soft dick. Sometimes, he would even lick it clean, and Tony would shudder and whine, because it’s too much. They go to the bathroom after that, clean up properly, and then they go to bed.
Steve is still fisting his erection. God, it hurts so much. He doesn’t want to use the toys, but the thought of his knot swelling up with only his hand around it makes the bottom drop out of his stomach.
Tony nods. Steve holds Maria up while Tony is leaving, pitches his voice a bit higher—half talking to her, half pretending to voice her thoughts. “Say bye to Dad, Maria. Bye, Dad. Love you.”
They’ll have to make a new announcement. Tell everyone that the wedding’s off. It won’t be hard to make it believable. Tony’s Tony, after all; he’s always been.
“He gave me and Nat an ultimatum. He wanted to bring you and Barnes in, said he’d put Special Ops on it. Threatened to… So I said I’d take you in. I tried to tell you, at the airport. He wanted to kill you and I… I almost had a heart attack when he said that.” He laughs, caustic. “He said I couldn’t, uh, be objective about it. You couldn’t either.” He sighs. “You wanted to protect him. I wanted to protect you.”
“I know,” replies Steve while he towels off Tony’s hair. He rests his forehead against Tony’s, closes his eyes, and Tony sees him smile. Steve breathes in, deep, and his nose brushes Tony’s. He smells of roses. He’d taste of them, too.
Steve watches the expanse of sky passing over them from the cockpit and thinks of the same thing he’s been thinking about for the last two years.
The afternoon sun is merciless, yet Steve shivers. He closes his eyes, letting the ache spread through him. He can’t do anything for Tony. He wishes he could.
(But something good happened once. A couple of years before Thanos arrived on Earth, Tony was having an anxiety attack after a mission. He slept in Steve’s bed with Sarah, asked Steve to stay. So there is, actually, a small chance. A precedent, at least.)
“And those, the new bruises, the way they hurt... it wasn’t the same, it wasn’t… it was too much, I couldn’t, I couldn’t breathe…” Tony’s chest heaves with a shuddering sigh. “But this one I have now, it’s… it feels good. It feels like the one from that night again.”
And hope, so far away until just now, so distant if not for mere dreams and scattered images, so unreacheable except for the bare minimum needed to get out of bed in the morning and face the day—but it took such an effort to get to it, every time it drained all energy from him—slams back into Steve.
The bridge over the river where Steve and Tony go swimming is called Ponte a Macereto (you can see some pictures
“I love your hair,” Steve says, very quietly, as if he’s ready to pretend he didn’t say anything if Tony doesn’t hear him.
And now, a billion years later, Steve is approaching the cherry tree again, and sure enough, Tony is there.
He makes Steve sit on the bed, back propped up against the headboard, and he adjusts a pillow in between. He takes Steve’s face between his hands, straddles his thighs again.
Tony orders salmon for them both, since there’s a fresh batch that came from Livorno just this morning, as Federico, the young man that waits on them, says.
She looks down at the floor and she seems to search for a resolve that she doesn’t have. That’s strange too: if there’s something Riri has plenty of, it’s courage. There’s fire in her heart, there’s always been. It’s why Tony loved her so much, it’s why Steve loves her so much.
Tony’s face falls, Steve didn’t want it to sound like an accusation but his brain is slow right now and he doesn’t really know how to phrase it better. Tony sighs.
He’s mildly grateful for the noise. It’s not particularly loud, but Tony allows it to take over his mind, so he doesn’t have to hear the man’s grunts, or his moan when he comes. He hasn’t yet, but he will soon. He’s fucking Tony faster, which means he’s close.
Steve tosses the remains of their lunch in the plastic bag and throws the whole thing in a trashcan.
His secret sketchbook isn’t there anymore. He panics for a moment, then remembers where he left it the last time. He looks around, and there it is, under the bed, fallen there from under his pillow through the space between the mattress and the headboard. He picks it up with a smile on his face.
That’s what Tony wanted him to do in Berlin; that was what FDR’s pen was meant to accomplish: compromise.
In 1958 Maria Carbonell was twenty-one years old. She was smart, she loved science and music, she was beautiful.
Breakfast is slow and quiet. Steve swallows his usual preposterous amount of raw eggs, and three croissants, while Tony nips idly at his own and lazily taps on his tablet.
Steve opens his mouth a few times and then closes it. He doesn’t know what to say. How to explain it to his child. He takes a deep breath. Simple words, Rogers.
Steve draws a deep, fake sigh of relief, and Tony smiles again, his teeth impossibly white against his tan skin.
Slowly, Tony regains control over his own breathing, his chest stops hurting, the pounding in his head eases up.
He’s so tired of crying, of not knowing what’s going to happen, of the continuous sting of guilt at the bottom of his stomach. He might have to live with it for the rest of his life, and the sheer possibility fills him with a dread that no bravery can ease.
“She talks about music, she gives me advice on a job I was about to accept, but in the end didn’t. She hints about your father’s work on the super soldier serum, but doesn’t go into detail for obvious reasons. She asks me about Laura. Tells me she read one of Laura’s papers and has some questions for her. She… she talks about you too, Tony. And about your father.”
But now, in this moment that could be the last he has with Tony—because they could die fighting later tonight; because sending Spider-Man in the past could erase their entire reality—for now, Steve pulls Tony close, rubs his face into the soft skin of Tony’s neck, and lets himself be happy.
But this Maria, the one in the picture, wouldn’t wear that mask (that armor) for another few years. Not too many, though.
, Tony wonders, and he finds himself thinking that yes, T'Challa probably does. It makes Tony smile. Tony considered it beneath himself too, so he spent the last few months holed up in his workshop, letting the world go on on its own.
Then something, something deep inside Steve, something that could actually be Tony, orders him to move, and he does, and it’s fast and frantic and almost brutal and he needs to be careful not to hurt Tony but Tony is moaning, keeps murmuring
“What I did… in the end, it kept Bucky alive, and I’m glad for that. But thinking about it now, with my head clear, seeing how many other choices I could’ve made…  and seeing you like this, what I did to you… maybe... maybe it wasn’t worth it, Tony.”
“Sometimes, I feel like we’ve been here for months,” he says then, quietly, almost to himself instead of Tony. “But it’s only been days.”
The way Steve wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, eyes a little lost with too much wonder, but there was no shame in his gesture, no incredulity in his gaze.
It should feel good, but it’s not just an attraction. It’s a craving, driven into him by a survival instinct that maybe made sense for cavemen who needed to perpetuate the species, but not for him anymore, not for anyone living now, and yet it’s still there and he hates it.
Tony wakes up between Steve’s arms, with his face nestled into Steve’s chest. His skin is matted with dried tears, his mouth parched, his tongue heavy. Tastes gray.
He resumes pushing into Tony, very slowly, still lost in Tony’s eyes, in this infinite moment where nothing matters except them, their eyes meeting, their souls melting into one. When Steve bottoms out Tony lets out a sob, and a few more tears spill freely from the corner of his eye and down his temple, in his hair, on the pillow. Steve leans down, kisses Tony’s face, kisses his tears, his mouth. Tony kisses back and it feels like that now he has started he never wants to stop.
Tony circles Sarah’s back with his hand. This close, he can feel all the ways his kid doesn’t smell like she should. He strokes her hair.
He wasn’t ready. Tony’s body wasn’t ready to be brought back to consciousness, and his body wasn’t ready for
He knows it’s not really the case, but sometimes Tony still sees Steve as someone who thinks that Tony only fights for himself, only wants to look cool while he picks the easy way out to every problem.
Tony stops following Steve on the walkway around the castle, closes his eyes, listens to the wind whistle between the tree leaves a few feet below him, concentrates on his heartbeat, on all the wounds he has taken and healed from; thinks about all the times someone has told him to give up, to surrender, to submit and succumb, and about all the times he has said,
Tony walks beside Steve; they cast two long shadows over the white gravel trail. It’s like they’re trying to walk over those dark shapes on the ground, but can never really reach them.
He hasn’t seen Tony like this in a long time. The sight, now, fills him with an awful sense of dread, soon replaced by a need he can’t hope to keep restrained. He needs to have, to mark, to keep, to make Tony his. He needs to rip that stupid towel away and bury his face into—
Tony groans and swallows and tightens his jaw instead of relaxing, instead of easing Steve’s way in. All he wants to do is scream.
His dick keeps spurting load after load of thick come into the toy, each time bringing awful spasms to his abdominal muscles, his pelvis, his thighs. There’s no pleasure at all in this. It’s an orgasm that feels like a knife through the guts.
He knows he shouldn’t. Everyone says it’s bad for you now; it’s not like during the war. You can get cancer from this stuff. Maybe not Steve specifically, but still.
Tony asks if Steve wants wine, and he replies, “If you don’t want it, I don’t want it,” so they stick to water, but Tony doesn’t offer any further explanation, and Steve doesn’t ask for one.
Steve clenches and unclenches his hands multiple times. Fist, no fist, fist, no fist, fist, no fist. He presses his nails in the center of his palms, hard, leaving red marks.
“Tony, please answer me,” Steve says, his voice trembling with urgency, “If you don’t, I’ll have to come in.”
“It makes you feel like you belong somewhere,” Steve says, in a dreamy tone. He makes a face as if he didn’t mean to say it out loud, draws in a sharp breath. He licks his lips and swallows. “It makes you feel like you’re part of a system. Like a planet.”
Steve takes his fingers out of Tony and gingerly licks them clean. Tony watches him, and the way Steve does it, how natural he is about it, how normal it all seems, gives him a little pang of regret for all the time they wasted, just below his heart.
He dreams of cutting Tony’s throat open with the shield, of watching the dark pool of blood expand beneath their bodies, of not caring that Tony is dead only because Steve is about to die, too.
The words are like flames on Tony’s skin, and like a soothing balm at the same time. He’s so ashamed. All of him, every single thing that makes him who he is, every embarrassing detail, every horrific secret—it’s all out in the open for Steve to watch and examine. Nothing is hidden.
“Ugh, someone save me from you two bonding over the good ol’ days,” Tony says, carrying fruit in the bowl, his shirt wet here and there.
But Steve gasps, unexpectedly, and even though it sounds more like the final rattle of a dying man, he eases off of Tony. He groans again, tortured and agonizing, and takes his fingers out of Tony’s mouth.
Steve turns off the light, and darkness takes over the room, except for the reactor, shining through Tony’s t-shirt. The temperature has dropped a few degrees. Tony wonders if it’s going to rain later.
“Also I wanted...” Steve can’t continue for a moment. He looks nervous again, like this is a test or something. He reaches into his pocket. “I wanted to give you this. Maria, I mean. I wanted to give Maria this.”
“You’re hurting enough. If you won’t do it for yourself, then do it for me. I can’t see you like this.”
He knows he can’t have Tony; there’s no need to remind him. Tony doesn’t want him like that. They mended the bond only last night. If they had had more time, maybe Tony would have been willing to at least… But no. It’s too soon. He won’t ask Tony to do something like that.
“He... he felt like it was too dangerous for him to keep being around so he... he went back into cryo. He’s in Wakanda.” Steve’s voice is full of guilt as he confirms what Tony already knows.
“Who... who’s gonna arrest us here?” Tony asks, incredulous at how ridiculous the joke is, but also amused by it.
Tony hastens to find a t-shirt. With the corner of his eye he sees Bucky look at Steve, and mouth something at him. Steve nods.
“You said that. I didn’t realize… I don’t know why I didn’t make the connection. Didn’t expect it to be warm.”
“I know I don’t deserve it. Not after what I did. My apologies aren’t enough, they’ll never be. But this is all I’ve got. I love you. I’m sorry. I love you. It’s all I’ve got.”
They look at each other again; Steve and Tony. Parting with a barely bitten smile, mindful of Rhodey.
Their attraction is youthful, passion burning with no inhibition, almost blinding them both from anything else but them. Tony remembers in details how that once felt.
The alarm blares. The lights shut down. JARVIS is unreachable again. Tony’s insides clamp down painfully and he shoves the sickening feel away to retrieve him.
He meets red rimmed blue eyes steadily, curling his fingers tighter around larger hand and without a single word, he tugs, waiting for Steve to take a step forth when he doesn’t follow.
It catches Tony off guard, pausing him with parted lips, reply ready on the tip of his tongue before he hastily snaps his mouth shut and closes his eyes.
Then he wonders, what’s so selfish about that. Because he’s 100% sure, he’s not the only one between them with that kind of longing.
“Can you call back later?” Steve grunts, accidentally letting out a heavy sigh at the end of the sentence as if he’s coming out of a heavy duty labour. Which makes the caller pause for a good two seconds.
Tony rolls his eyes fondly, starting anew. Repeating the story in a more dulcet tone as Steve nods and smiles at places.
Steve’s gaze catches the motion and he casts a fleeting glance towards Tony’s hand before hastily turning away with a tight smile.
Bucky’s already in the cradle when he lands; still clad in armour from neck down and he heads straight to where Helen Cho stands, manning the machine.
Tony feels his own panic trying to break out, but he pushes it down, focusing on the man he’s holding onto instead.
He can think about how wrong this is later, scold himself later, regret – like having ice cream under the rain; there’s a high possibility he’ll catch cold just like how
Tony blinks, understandably taken aback. Steve doesn’t blame him. It’s a rather new and odd request. They’re fine with cuddling in front of TV and sharing kisses but sitting on lap? That’s surprising.
Resignation is a sad look on Steve. When he nods, all the fights bleeding out of him; helpless, it looks awful.
Tony briefly considers revoking Barnes imaginary invitation to the Broken People Club, but before he dwells into that thought, a plate of pancake is thrusted into his sight.
When night comes, Bucky can warm them up, and maybe they’ll get too warm, maybe they’ll sweat, maybe they’ll strain their muscles, pull one or two, maybe they’ll get messy and stain the sheets but refuse to get out of bed.
Somewhere along the line, Steve starts retracing the scars over Tony’s chest; of burns and of reactor.
He fails to follow the timeline, jumping between the first time they’d met and the time they’d spent destroying HYDRA base with the team to Siberia and then the times when he’d accompanied Steve during his sleepless nights in the tower.
Even if he realises that this gives way to another repeat of what went down before, he feels he knows better now. Has learnt to grow up and grown to accept it as a norm that exists within a team. Part and parcel of a
He told himself that he was saving Steve the trouble. Told himself, he was saving Steve from the heartbreak as he watched it shatter before him.
“Can I speak with you in private.” He asks, skittish like an animal as he hunches over, the hood of his black sweater falling down his brow line.
Wanda mumbles a shy response which flies past Tony’s mind because the burst of sharp chilli in his tongue is very distracting, albeit, incredibly delicious.
It’s also difficult to begrudge someone you still love so deeply after they crushed you into nothing, knowing – knowing that you also, once, crushed them just as badly and yet, they forgave you for it.
“You’re breaking my heart, sweetheart," he pleads. “Tell me you know how you make me feel. Tell me you know, I’m yours.”
. But there’s this desperate urge to run his mouth on Rogers and that urge is too big to be shut down with a lid.
It’s not even like they’re dating but that’s how the group’s treating their truce and honestly, Tony knows he can put a stop to that, but he simply hasn’t bothered to.
Pepper shakes her head. “I’m mad at him.” She says. “Was.” She corrects. “Not anymore, but I was. Which is why I ask you…,” She trails off.
Tony fiddles all the way until they enter the lab, then, he is mostly just curious. McCoy is nice enough to let Tony wander around the lab by himself, as long as he asks McCoy before he does anything; general lab rules, Tony’s no stranger to them.
Rogers looks at him in shock. The cup of something in one hand frozen mid-air where it seems to be meant for Tony.
That in itself buries his desire to check on Bucky, see for himself how he’s doing; make sure he’s all right.
“Nope, not shoes. But something… You’ll know when you unbox it later.” Tony winks, brushing past Wanda with a merry smile which she reciprocates brightly.
in the beginning, but he realises now, after only three weeks since their truce, he actually is happy.
“Is this how you’re going to justify all your arguments with me?” Tony murmurs into the kiss and Steve pulls away to let out a snort.
“Come here,” he grunts, pulling Bucky into the bed, wrapping him up in a blanket so he can never feel cold, only warm. Doesn’t wrap himself within; he knows sometimes, too much touch can be uncomfortable, but the way Bucky looks at him when he combs his wet hair back is hungry. So Tony tucks himself close enough and presses a kiss to his forehead.
Only a few days after celebration, they have to send Wanda off and long story short; the compound never ceased from someone yelling “Wait! Have you got that –,” or “Did you remember to pack -,” every few minutes.
And Steve reels back, shaken by the unexpected venom dripping from his friend. Or who used to be his best friend – he doesn’t know where they stand anymore. Not after how everything changed – don’t know what caused it even – after Tony returned from Belgium a fortnight ago, and he started treating Steve differently. Worse than he used to before they were friends – No.
Instead, he lets Tony hold him like that, head tucked beneath Tony’s chin while he hugs Tony back just as tightly and glues themselves together.
“Did he do something?” She asks, guilt swirling in the deep whirlpool of her bright eyes and Tony’s exhale leaves in a loud whoosh.
And Steve, he’s never looked this relax since ever. All those smiles and the ways he looks at Tony – It’s –
“I’m kinda tired of holding grudge.” He shrugs as an explanation. Leaf still hanging limply by its stem in the middle of the table.
Tony’s body physically twists around to leave, but Rogers calls his name, all too eager and Tony’s above chickening out in front of a witness.
But Steve lingers on. Eyes flickering to Tony minutely while he goes about kicking the pile of rolled up tapes to the wall and returns to the bench to pick up his stuffs.
Tony giggles, clumsily wiping his own shed tears. Then he tells her everything about the plan, mincing where necessary, in respect of both Wanda and the team’s privacy.
Eventually, Rhodey pulls away with an irritated huff, “First, Captain America and now she got my best friend tied around her pinky,” then he gives another glare, “Or maybe you first and then Captain America.”
But all that get chased down soon when Steve cups a hand over his cheek and rubs a thumb beneath Tony’s eye so gently, it makes him ache for more.
It’s a bit of a straight forward comment, but there’s no beating around the bushes with it. Steve should stop acting like everything’s his fault. He’s no Atlas. The world is not
Maybe he was expecting her to ask it earlier. When the wounds were still fresh. Or maybe later. When the wounds are mere aged scars that never throb once in a while.
Fortunately for him, that’s when his hour ends, and when he lays in bed that night, sleep evades him like he’s back to ground zero all over again.
They put Good Omens on and curl up on the coach with Chinese take-outs. After the second episode, Pepper excuses herself to change into something more comfortable; Tony’s shirt and an old pair of sweats.
Secretly he’s kind of proud of Rhodey having the upper-hand over the Captain America himself. But Steve’s easy-going attitude towards it dampens the effect. But still, Tony points it out.
He fetches a glass and fills it with water, holding it out for Steve. Once taken, he fetches another and repeats the process, draining the content in a second. Steve offers his for taking and Tony chugs that down too.
Tony’s body demands medical attention and vasodilators with an extended leave from physical duty but the six years old Captain America fan in his head is thriving from this attention. He might as well risk another attack if he could be of use for Cap.
There are still times when he feels like a void has popped beneath his feet, but the difference is that he knows it. He’s aware of the fact that he’s going to get sucked in if he keeps standing there and not move elsewhere and that in itself grants him options.
He escapes outdoor through the kitchen door. Hoping the brisk night air may help him a little with his condition.
“What happened?” Steve asks, concern coupled with alertness shadowing his sharp eyes as he pulls Tony immediately behind him and starts scanning the hallway.
“Take care.” Rhodey says before he shoots up into the night sky, like a blinding star, growing further and further out of reach and Tony whispers a thank you after him.
“I miss him.” He says in the end. Because if there’s anything that he’s sure about, this is that only piece of information amidst the entire mess.
with all of his super soldier strength, that the pitiful remains of Tony’s pathetic heart crumbled and
At night, he’s with Steve, talking uninterrupted for hours and they go to bed together these days – on those when he stays. They see each other during the day too, but briefly and most of it are joined by somebody else.
Steve nudges back, brushing nose against nose, like some kind of animal Tony cannot think of at the moment.
Stunned clear blue eyes imprint in his brain as he shuts the door behind him and texts an apology to Rhodey for his hasty departure before taking the elevator down to the garage and out of the compound.
They talk about the then and now. Of how time had melted the pot and swirled a fuck ton of other things into it.
And no, Tony thinks, after the first few feet. He refuses to play chase at this age, but not so much to tickling Steve in the bed once he'd caught up. Asking, "You want me to keep you warm? Huh? Is that what you want? I'll keep you warm. Come here, you big blonde cheat."
Does it glow as bright as the reactor does in Tony’s chest? Where, while inside, it’s pitch black, outside, Tony burns bright?
Nothing but the warm fondness that coils and purrs as it settles in him as he looks down at Steve who’s holding onto him like it’s the most natural thing to do.
It’s not his style to word his question this way, but again, he wasn’t really going for his style was he. It’s hers; Natasha’s.
To his surprise, she pulls him into a hug and Tony has a nagging suspicion that she may be sticking her tongue out at Rhodey over his shoulder.
“I was busy!” Tony hisses, marching out of the elevator as soon as the doors open; glad to rid himself off of Steve.
It’s another day and another reminder that “Exercise really helps.” It’s not as if Tony doesn’t work out. He does. By proxy.
Steve’s hurt. He just cannot fight it; is exhausted of fighting against it and sure, if that makes him a fool, then so be it. Christen him that way, go ahead.
In retrospect, maybe Steve follows to keep him in line; if they catch someone alive, he’d say, “Let me deal,” and Tony lets him. He’d already destroyed the guy responsible, here forth if Steve wants to play saint and ease their death, he can go ahead and do it. Tony doesn’t care.
Tony winds his arms around Steve's neck and asks, "How about now?". And he can feel the answer pressing against him, can feel his own pressing in return.
The effect is instant like he'd flicked a switch and Steve goes from a smug bastard to his faux innocent puppy eyes burrowing into his comforter wrap.
But Tony doesn’t miss how she didn’t protest outrageously over him misusing the millennial term (or whatever that is).
“Oh,” Tony marvels, watching as she passes a ruby one to Pepper as he opens his own to discover heart shaped chocolates. “Please tell me, Bruce had nothing to do with these.”
“The great Tony Stark was under the impression that Your Highness has been too caught up in her love bubble to acknowledge his existence.” Tony smirks, swivelling around in his stool to come to rest in front of an amused Pepper Potts. “Hello, Miss Potts.”
It’s Monica’s wish to not step into the world yet. As for Carol, Tony feels like she’s more of Fury’s dirty secret. Let him launder her out and get the stink eyes himself.
“Will the great Tony Stark be available for a stay at home dinner with an old friend today or will he be, once again, too busy to grace her with his presence?”
once, as far as Tony knows because Pepper up-ed the security after that – the point is, Steve Rogers
Even as she’s sitting in front of him, his mind pulls up a picture of what used to be a communal floor in the Avengers’ tower; Natasha sipping on cold tea while Tony and Clint harassed her about the secret to her hand-to-hand skill.
Even then, Tony would still talk to him. Needle him, taunt him or something to get a reaction out of Steve. But this time, he’s just plain ignoring Steve; acting as if Steve isn’t even there and then they were called out for a mission and Steve yelled at him because he was trying to get himself blown up again and only then he yelled back at Steve and now. Now, Steve’s trying to talk to him, ask him what’s wrong, and he’s apparently angry at Steve.
He couldn’t even get those words out of him. So, when he arrives, he’s in a real foul mood as he waits and waits for the name to pop up.
Tony grins, and they watch in silence as Sam tries and fail to kick the back of Barnes’ head, the smell of burnt caramel making them wrinkle their noses in synchrony.
He grappled for Steve but couldn’t find him. He tries not to worry about JARVIS, confident he’ll find his own way back but -
But then, there are other things he'd do and nobody would buy Tony when he says: "Steve did that! I swear, Pepper, I'm not exaggerating."
Maybe he’s a coward. Maybe he’s afraid if he sees Bucky, he’d be accused to be the cause of his near death experience.
But Tony’s shock lasts barely a minute. His grouchiness returns and he huffs again, short and pissy. He’s still mad about his SI work; something about R&D’s incompetence and the board’s fussiness. Steve doesn’t understand business or engineering but he understands Tony just well.
. Inside and out and around Tony. Everything about him felt like an instant ascend to Heaven, chorus singing, violin playing, bells chiming; “I love you.”
“I thought that was supposed to be our secret?” he asks acting hurt and Tony turns his full-face grin at the man, giving Steve the kiss he swoops in for.
They weren’t friends after all. Friends don’t stab others in the back and abandon them to patch the wound themselves.
But tonight, after two whole nights of going without sleep and a broken nap in the Quinjet earlier, he’s extremely worn down.
It has been a bit difficult easing Steve through their initial awkwardness upon reconciling; they kept running over each other’s words, or stammering and laughing abashedly.
“I’m afraid you can’t, boss.” FRIDAY chimes in apologetically. “You can however, afford two hours shut-eye on flight.”
He doesn’t mention that aloud but it’s been in the forefront. Especially, increasingly, with every night he spends around Steve.
“Oh, for real, I’m just glad you both are working things out between you two.” She shrugs, her shoulder pads following her tiny gesture and amplifying it.
little bit of Wilson.” He reaches out for Wanda’s elbow who’s blushing a delightful shade of pink, beaming, “Because if it isn’t for you, I’d be tasting all poop in my chocolate -,”
“If they think they’re being subtle, they’re very wrong.” Tony murmurs, keeping his eyes on their disappearing back.
To Tony’s amusement, Steve goes an extra mile and swings a leg over Tony’s hip, properly imprisoning him to Steve; tentacle like. He snorts, then straight up laughs, butting his head into Steve’s chest as he shakes from the force of it.
Sam makes a disapproving sign with his mouth stuffed with breakfast, then he pauses, swallowing hurriedly and blurts, “Stay away from Jake.”
His hand shakes, and a thumb hovers over the buttons, the only saved number in the phone staring at him mockingly.
Rhodey flicks a sprinkle at his face. “You brought it up first,” he says, facing back the TV, and he switches the channel. “I was trying to enjoy my hangover donuts in peace and you ruined it.”
“You’re a very busy man,” Steve cuts him off. “I know. But you used to talk to me. Since you came back from your last business trip, you never said a word to me, never came out of that lab of yours, refused me access to -,”
Rhodey flings an arm over Tony’s shoulder and scoffs. “Childish. Absolute horror but man… they take me back to those days I spent with the guys, on the field, you know.”
Nothing below the necks and truth be told, Tony’s been thinking about breaking that spell these last few days.
They part on a good note. Tony’s free from the med, with an appointment scheduled two months after. He contemplates talking about Steve Rogers during their next session.
Them and his own peace of mind. The dull way his empty cage has once again started to ache, his own smile –
“Tony. This is Thanos. The world is ending and I heard what Pepper told me about Cap and you but please, Tony.
He has the height of a regular American man, perfectly compact with intelligence and extreme good looks all packed in one. And a pair of really perky butt, which he is very proud of - do you have any idea how many squats they cost? - and he'd obviously insured.
He pulls the boxer up before he asks, “Do you want the pants?” But Bucky only looks at him blank, meaning he’s dissociating which is -
But this time, it’s just his scent. The waft of mild spices mildly lingering in layers of earthy freshness that has always been, Steve.
If it wasn’t for the shock of the event in Siberia that pulled the last chords of his heart’s function, something else would have. His drinking, his addictions, the way he threw his life away like it was nothing after barely three months recovering.
Steve follows him instead. Sits on the couch and reads a book while Tony does his work. When the Sun comes up, he excuses himself to freshen up and make breakfast. When he returns, Tony’s face down on the couch, drooling into Steve’s jacket.
Tony turns to him, Wilson flying right out his mind that instant. He’d forgotten how good Steve looks post working out, “Hey, Steve.”
Tony’s been spending some hours thinking about this kind of situation ever since the want to talk to Steve plagued him on Wednesday, and he understandably,
It’s painful to watch, her trying to feign it as easy and nothing of importance and the worse is that she looks so… lonely, detached from them all, even as she sits between Sam and Rhodey.
“You didn’t hurt anyone,” he tells readily. “Only killed five bottles of beer and two vodkas and then emptied it all on my feet and your clothes.”
Selfishly, Tony’s grateful. He knows that every time Bucky picks up a bottle he wishes otherwise, but selfishly with his whole heart, Tony sends a whisper of thanks into the air for every quickened metabolic cycle completed.
Point is, Tony Stark is a very secure man that he has no reasons to be insecure about pesky things like the height difference between his super soldier boyfriend and himself. Doesn’t mean he doesn’t get riled up when he’s teased about it.
And Tony replies, just as monotonously - distracted by those gleeful children, jaw working close to Bucky's ear, breath fanning hot against the skin of his neck as he clings to Bucky like a koala - that, "Nope, just wanted to lie on their bed and seduce you."
“No!” Tony seizes, his own big bite of the chocolate sprinkled suddenly dry and lumpy in his esophagus. He swallows painfully and shrugs, “I don’t know? I didn’t tell him.”
Tony props himself next to her feet, picks one up onto his lap and starts pressing his fingers along heel, thumbs circling, muscles settling easily into their old memory from the days when he used to woo Pepper with massages.
Steve pats his shoulder, joining him to shake T’Challa’s hand and thank his hospitality like two very respectful old souls they are.
Tony lifts both hands up in surrender. “Nothing.” He shrugs. “I’m just trying to connect the dots in my head. Mostly monologues. But maybe you should know that she feels the same for you, if it’ll help. Both being spies, I thought it would annul the dumb part of initiating a relationship a.k.a jealously, assumptions and misunderstandings but boy, was I so wrong.”
But Tony doesn’t want them. All Tony wants is to move on and Steve will, with all his might, carry the burden with an oath of silence and give Tony what he wants.
“I felt,” Pepper breaks the silence. “- I could forgive him for that time he left you in Siberia. Maybe not wholly. But in a small way, it cancelled it out that day. I still hated him, but I also remember starting to forgive him.”
He can see a semblance of that unit in them as he sits, watching Wanda stifle last of her sobs into Sam’s shoulder and sits up, smiling wetly at each one of them.
Tony has half the mind to snort and roll his eyes. He’s got his mouth open to say “Don’t look at me like that, snowflake,” when he’s wrapped in a very warm but damn, such a nice, honest-to-god good hug.
His ears ring, horrific memories from over a year ago fleeting through the forefront of his brain and he bites the inside of his cheek from wincing.
He stands there, stupidly. Wondering what he’s doing, what he wants to do and all but never once does he think about going back to his room.
“Nope, that’s all!” She glares beyond her big grin before turning to James again. “Clean your arms properly before you come. I don’t want to touch lube or whatever you’ve been playing with.” She ends the call.
He’s on the bed, leaning against the headboard, legs straightened out as the holographic projection of his latest work shimmers in front of him.
“Barnes said you and Rhodey had an interesting day with the Council last Wednesday,” Tony brings up as he pours a second helping of tea for Steve and himself.
“Rhodey and I talked about it.” He says. “We’re trying to get her to -um - deal with it better? But -,”
Proximal communal fracture of right radius. Whatever Steve hit or got hit by, was no joke if it’s taking this long to heal.
He waits patiently for him to finish through the motion, turns to Tony and he asks, holding Steve’s eyes.
Touching Steve, feeling his too hot skin, feeling his warmer than usual air puffing out with every exhale, feeling the lines of his body, the weight of him dipping the shared mattress; everything about him is like coming home for Tony.
So, James tells her, “As long as I can bring Tasha over.” Then his cold blue eyes swipe across the living room and he rattles off more name. “The doc wants to meet the kids. Steve misses the goats. Wilson wants to help with the hays. Tony’s driving -,”
Tony’s collar is wet but he couldn’t give a fuck about them. He’s too busy working a hand up and down Steve’s back, giving him a soothing rub as he kisses the side of Steve’s head and shushes him.
He swallows around his spoonful of rice and gulps down half a glass of water. When he’s confident that his voice won’t give him away, he says, “Nope.”
Tony swallows, determination flaring as he corners and pulls Steve - the bulk of a man, taller, bigger than him - until he’s curled around Tony.
A while after, Steve’s halfway through his second report and Tony’s fully relaxed on his lap - head leaned back into Steve’s chest, nose nuzzling under Steve’s jaw and he’s got his eyes closed, got Steve believing that he’s fallen asleep - when he murmurs, soft and sleepy, “Thank you, I needed this.”
Steve’s breath shudders in his next inhale, falling out of rhythm from Tony’s – never mind, just a momentary distraction, Tony tells himself, they’ll fall back in sync again, inevitably.
Barnes wins the war by activating the magnetic feature Tony had installed in his arm the other weekend.
Steve stops him, both his struggling hands and his deliberate digression. Testament for how well Steve knows him; like the back of his own hand.
Now, as Tony nurses the hot tea, he inches his fingers towards Steve and waits until he’s met halfway. It’s progress from that day on Quinjet and Tony’s proud of that.
“I’m going to pay them for this, I swear.” Tony grumbles as he tucks the blanket over Steve. He gives a pat to his cheek, planning to stand up when Steve catches his wrist and doesn’t let go.
Problem is, they’re mere mortals surrounded by superhumans and a super spy. Among four enhanced, one head turns to them. Three guesses, which stupid is that.
“You want to know what I think, Stark? I think you and Steve are being uncharacteristically stupid. I think Barnes got himself tangled somewhere between the two of yours’ mess and now he’s suffering too. I think all three of you should -,”
On a less professional notion, Rhodey and Sam exchanged contacts with Scott and some of the brute guys from his gang.
He takes another look at the closed kitchen door and he places the empty glass on the dryer before he walks away.
Two hours later, he’s standing on the rubbles of what a HYDRA’s bunker used to be. The fat plop of dripping blood onto a blown out wooden plank under his feet slowly stirs him back to reality; wiping his vision off of its angry red and he computes the extent of the damage he’d done with a strange detachment.
Bucky presses his thumb pointedly into the bone and he admits regretfully that, "Miss Potts would skin us alive, darlin'. The last time in that gas station caused her too much trouble, remember?"
He sees how grave had crawled its way into what Steve and Tony had once built around them. The way forlorn, and despair had bloomed and made their home in there.
Bucky’s jaw works, and he nods tightly. Tony presses another kiss because he knows this is hard and he appreciates it but as far as expressing emotions is concerned, this is how far both of them go.
She told him once that all she wants is for him to be happy, so he thinks it’s only apt, to ask her the same thing.
There were stars reflected on his eyes; bright and sparkling, excited to take on a brand-new journey with Tony in life because he loved Tony that much.
Tony glances at him over a shoulder, “You know where your room is. I’ve got some work to do, I’ll be in the shop.”
Tony takes a sip. “I know a place with competent tech. This will stay out of the accords. I’ll just need to do some arrangements.
Tony is 45 going 46 and when he was 15, he realised he blamed himself for everything. When he was 18, he blamed everything else except for himself. When he was blasted away from the humvee and woke up in a cave, he was 15 again but he saw Obadiah Stane burn and he thought:
“Are you listening to yourself now?” Tony cuts him off, voice embarrassingly high but there’s no accompanying shame there, just pure disbelief.
“I hope to hear from you again next week, Princess. More updates on Miss Danvers will both be expected and appreciated.”
- just like that; tangled and intertwined, plastered from top to bottom - into bed and never get out.
All they sing in the morning and when they go to bed is pain. All they do is wail and grate and grate and they
He tells Pepper and Rhodey about his progress. They’ve sat through a couple of sessions with him as family as well; lots of tears and lots of hugs happened there.
It’s a surprisingly small room in contrast to its door which looks like it will lead into an amphitheatre of sort. With fairly common looking tables and chairs, the room is nothing eye catching compared to the lab they’ve just exited from. Tony stops at the front desk of the classroom like setting.
Marathoning bad Christmas movies when he could have had hearty meals instead of cheap pizzas and festivities, fun and games instead of sleep, quiet and cuddle with an older boyfriend.
They’ve had Korean dishes back in the tower before too. At that time, it had only been Natasha; given her addiction to - of all the things – Korean dramas. Tony loved her steamed eggs the best then. Still does now.
He buries his face in his hands and shakes his head clear; elbows propped on his knees, fingers raking through his hair and he glances at Tony from an angle.
“Look at this,” he says, pointing at the virtual webs of connection he’d spun out of all the datas he’d gathered. “All these people. I know SHIELD is not squeaky clean but some of their connections are concerning. This one,” he jabs at Senator Stern.
A few more minutes pass and Steve leaves his desk to go to the cupboard. Tony watches from beneath his reading glasses as Steve strips off of his t-shirt for one of sleep shirt and takes off his sweat pants. Then he joins Tony on the bed, and tips Tony’s head for a kiss.
They bask in the feel of it, breathing it in, breathing out the cold of late august surrounding their own compound back home.
She opens her mouth, and he can already hear bullshit coming forth, “I can’t guarantee you anything at this point. I’m doing my part, his body is doing it’s -,” she wavers, her lashes flutter and then something shifts in her.
“You make me the happiest too,” Steve murmured, his hand - still beneath Tony’s hand, pressed over Tony’s beating heart - have finally stopped shaking.
His arm slips away from around his torso minutely until Tony stubbornly grabs hold of his hand and hoists himself up as well.
Feeling slightly vexed at Pepper for his own fault, he grits out the name flatly, as if he doesn’t even care about the whole thing; when it’s all that have been sitting and festering in the forefront of his brain since this morning.
“Did. Did you know about the rehab?” He stammers, feeling light headed. Because if he does. If – T’Challa said he stopped. But, if he does –
Okoye and her girls welcome them all with a smile. But she seems to save her most disgusting stare for Bruce who ducks and scuttles inside quickly.
One of the symptoms from Cymbalta withdrawal is profuse sweating. Let’s just say that Tony never knew clammy hands until he got to know clammy hands.
That is exactly why Tony wishes he would have had a better hold of himself because then, at least he’ll be able to break Steve’s fall. He’ll be able to
. A teen who’s many dreams he’s fulfilling in less than a 24hours time span and a woman who has been in hidings because she cannot understand who she is but has now decided to bravely step out, putting her trust in Tony and it all is…
He usually doesn’t recall anything out of those days and it scares him shitless because he’s supposed to have a flawless eidetic memory when he’s not under any substances’ influence.
He realises he misses when Steve speaks like this; conversational, casual, whispery and without the depth of his command voice.
She gives him an odd unfamiliar smile before she leaves. Tony feels her judgement like the air hanging around him, and it’s suffocating that she’s wrong. Very wrong.
Tony pointedly looks away, something coiling akin to guilt in his gut and he chases that away. “What’s the plan?” He asks Fury.
But Peggy Carter is lost. Somewhere between old memories and contained anger, and she sniffles, “I will not let you replicate the serum.”
Will Steve be angry at Tony for snooping around his room or will he angry at himself for what Tony will find?
It’s a long time standing under her scrutiny, keeping himself from running far away from the town because the weight of it, while heavy, is also unsettling.
He grips onto the logical part of his brain and he turns away. Dum-E nudges his elbow, holding out a wrench and Tony is not working on anything that needs it but he grabs it for the desperate need to ground himself. Channels all the vengeance into the metal and he’ll fling it later; hard and swift and it’ll break all of his glass panels and he’ll be satisfied for a bit.
Bucky Barnes sits in a corner, crouched in front of his toolbox, next to his unfinished motorbike, clearly working on its construction still.
He loosens his grip, rubs a thumb on the inside of his ankle where the imprint he'd left from last night love-making is the reddest and he looks up at Tony.
“I already did, Rogers. Only because you have super healing, you’ve escaped the scars. Pretty sure I left many…” He trails off, more sullen than when he’d started the sentence.
Rogers who is unbelievably beautiful - inside and out - that Tony’s poor shattered and twisted heart sang for him.
“Not me,” Steve chuckles, looking up with mirth swirling in his blue eyes. “It’s Rhodey,” he winks uncharacteristically.
Swallowing the sharp pain behind his throat, Steve looks at him and demands again, “Tony. What did I do?”
“He doesn’t look a year old,” Steve sounds faint, sick to his bone, and he shakes minutely when he reaches to touch the image. “I went back. I swear. I went back.”
“Talk to me.” He orders, not bothering with manners, voice still battle-strained and he’d apologize to her later, buy her a bouquet or something but for now -
He knows he’s smarter than this. He knows all about abuse and its vicious cycle but he doesn’t know if it’s abuse when it was him who lifted his hand
A little more than a month and it’ll be Christmas. Next week, it’s Halloween. Tony started and stopped celebrating Halloween in MIT.
Pepper apologizes with pouty lips and wide blue eyes. Soft lines of sorry and regret enveloping her apology effectively. Rhodey. Never apologizes. Rhodey does no wrong.
He can feel where and where Steve had held him the tightest that night. He can see the sunlight spilling in; slow and glowing, one patch of cotton sheet at a time.
“When are we meeting?” Steve asks, interrupting Tony’s thoughts, an array of arguments he’s having with his own blistering doubts from watching Rhodey react to Charles.
“So, you think we should have Wanda go there?” Rhodey asks, sinking back into his chair, looking like he’s still reeling from all the new information, a frown etched in his face.
He taps away an assuring text to Pepper and Rhodey each, steps into the elevator blindly and right before the door closes, someone catches him by his shoulder and he startles so badly that his chest aches, reminding him of how fresh the attack was.
But one day, she decided that she is no longer going to be one. That she is going to wield her fate as her own. Wipe the dripping red off of her many ledgers.
They went back to the piano and teaching Steve how to play it and it might have been an hour or two later when they went to bed together. But this time Steve slept. No nightmares sneaking into his subconscious with Tony’s arms and warmth surrounding him like an armour.
“Nothing unusual,” Tony bats him off, hiding the fact that he’s intimidated by Rhodey behind a sloppy grin.
“One approximately dated to when we were in Germany; whether before, during or after the battle, I don’t know – didn’t really care to pinpoint the time then. The second one, I felt it, in the bunker.”
Tony flips him off but Rhodey’s already sipping on his eggnog with an indulgent smirk and he gives a wave. Calls out; “Good luck!” ask Tony pulls the half-asleep super soldier away from the get-together.
Tony intercepts him with another kiss; a little sharp with teeth this time, murmuring, “Nu’uh. Don’t wanna hear. You still owe me for last night.” As he noses at Steve’s cheek.
He gives him a few minutes; stays where he’s sat, counting empty bottles on their dining table; two bottles of vodka and five beers. Bad, but they've seen worse.
He’d spent hours thinking through everything but he cannot decide on anything because he still doesn’t know what he
All there was, was a heavy cloud of worries and paranoia and the urge to see Steve. Right then, that second. With his three-piece suit and Armani dress shoes still on.
Steve’s smile widens and he ducks his head to hide a laugh. “Am I making you anxious?” He asks, peering up at Tony once more, the empty water bottle he’s holding onto flinging front and back and it looks like school yard crush talk scenario in Tony’s head.
Tony harrumphs, mood a little grumpy but his arm still finds its way around Steve’s neck and pulls him into his side. “Are you writing the Warsaw one in Polish?”
Bruce snickers in the background, but immediately schools his expression when Fury shoots him a glare.
When he finds his voice, Tony fists the fabric overlying his left breast, head buried in warmth and he lets out a pained growl. “Don’t ever do that again.”
Okoye hisses a word of disapproval in their language from the other side of the room, but T’Challa merely laughs it off, steering Tony by the elbow when they reach an intersection down the long hallway.
Cheek pressed against Steve’s skull, arms winding tightly around him, clutching onto him while Steve whimpers faintly, dry sobs, breaking out now and then.
Nat raises an eyebrow from where she’s leaning next to James, nursing her tea. James seems to be aiming a wet teabag for Sam’s head.
After Thanksgiving dinner, Tony spends a night in the compound. Willingly, unforced, unrelated to any kind of obligations.
The thing is, Tony’s broken. Has always been, but Steve Rogers took everything that was still left in him and ruined them.
Hoping that when he turns around, he doesn’t see tears swimming over his bright blue eyes because that would hurt and that would make him cry and Tony is
"You win," he admits, rolling out of the bed and peeling off his shirt, letting it fall in a lump on the floor as he walks to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
Feels as if all these years Tony had been tipped wrongly on the plane (from the moment Steve walked away from him, inch by toppling inch off the gradient) and now, right now, being where he is, feeling Steve under his own skin; he feels righted.
Natasha still excuses herself to bathroom or somewhere from time to time (Tony knows she misses Barton like a limb).
“Hmm,” he hums. Then he asks, “May I?” Leaning in to inch the pointer on the colour contrast bar a little to the right when Tony gives a nod.
He shouldn’t of course. It’s invading privacy. Steve Rogers may be his ex, but nobody deserves an invasion to their privacy.
“Have them look at her.” Steve answers at the same time Tony says, “Not by herself of course.” As if Rhodey would even dare question that.
Three months ago, he would have trouble believing it, but there he is, surrounded by Avengers 2.0 in the cusp of Rhodey and Pepper who brought along her role-playing – surprisingly shy – boy toy (okay fine, boyfriend, whatever).
If he had shared the full story, the guy would have known. But he hasn’t and this man is not the vibrant sass master from upstate. He’s lacking vital information about Tony and it’s showing. But he sure does know how to mask it at least.
There’s a war coming on; it’s somewhere near the horizon and Tony can almost taste it on his tongue, his bones ache from the revelations. There’s a prisoner of war two floors below who needs more than regular healing. Upstairs, his penthouse is in crumbles but that’s for next morning. Along with the calls he has to make to Pepper and Rhodey to elaborate what short-sentenced assurance Steve has given them when he was out of it.
But that’s far, far later than now, when Tony still wakes up drenched in sweat, the clang of Vibranium against Arc Reactor ringing in his ears.
Tony feels a pang of guilt in his chest. It’s not time to reflect, but he can’t help thinking back to the days when he’d be in a crowd and yet, feel so, incurably alone.
“Wish you’d move back in,” Steve confesses as he passes a mug of tea after everybody else has gone to bed.
recode JARVIS, but he chooses not to. FRIDAY will stay; his incredibly sassy and intelligent baby girl.
It’s cold but at the same time, Tony’s warm. He lets his head fall over Steve’s strong shoulder, breathing him in lungsful.
The compound is once again filled with people but what once used to a vibrant atmosphere seems to have been permanently robbed off of it ever since.
Steve gives a concerned look in Tony’s direction but Tony refuses to meet his eyes. Whatever it is, this is
He thinks she’s discerningly quiet. It tests the temper Tony thought he’d lost in the upstate of New York about a year ago. He tries to think of better ways to follow up that claim, but all he manages is a cliched, “We’re friends.”
Despite everything they’ve gone through, Tony despises to lose this fragile truce over the doomed frailty of his heart.
With his mountain of apologies which he keeps spewing no matter how many times Tony asks him not to, he loves Tony.
Tony can only hope they’ll be wiser, thread the water more carefully, take their time to pause and wash away the mosses and rid of creeping barnacles so nothing piles up until when they stop and look back, their foundation had become a hideous thing. Like Tony’s and Steve’s.
Tony doesn’t know exactly what contributed to that, but he hopes it’s good because it’s helping her.
Once Tony’s finished, Pepper’s hums thoughtfully, digesting the load with sips of boxed orange juice, courtesy of DUM-E’s evolved sense of hospitality.
Whether Steve deserves it or not, is not of importance because Tony’s beyond regretting his choices in life after seventeen.
Tony doesn’t ask and Rhodey lets him go. But not before Tony catches the disappointment in Rhodey’s eyes.
In Tony’s defence, he didn’t know someone else is already there when he opens the door to the workshop; seeking some time alone from everyone in his space.
“And Warsaw,” Steve nods, letting Tony invade his space. He welcomes him, one hand gliding up Tony’s lower back, rubbing up and down soothingly as Tony peers at the monitor curiously.
(Which is essentially a big build-yourself furniture shop. Might as well saw the woods himself and start, Bucky thinks, rather than spending hundreds for low quality planks. But Tony had been especially enthusiastic to bring him here so, Bucky came - would follow him to the pit of Hell even.)
Tony shakes his head, no. But he got other problems swirling in his head at the moment. The first weekend with the Avengers is scheduled this week. He tells that to the man.
Tony forces a smile out for him, revelling in the thought how less forceful and more natural it feels on his lips.
“Doesn’t mean we’re weak. If anything, it only means we’re stronger. To realise that, admit to ourselves and ask for help.”
Some kid screams 'language!' at the top of his lungs, tiny fingers pointing at Bucky, wild eyes looking at his mommy and Bucky turns just in time to receive dirty eyes from her.
He’s stuffing clothes into his duffel bag, but hesitates when he’s about to pull the zipper. Not far from him, Steve pauses in rolling his socks. Natasha offs the TV; they’re watching him - both of them - have been watching him since they returned from that bunker.
. Don’t come back that night. Tony didn’t expect them to. Natasha told him their location. Besides, the Council wouldn’t loosen their grip once they’ve had one on who they want and Tony knows all about that.
And maybe that gives him the illusion of his once there but now dead rights, to push open the door to Steve’s unlocked room and take a dazed step inside.
Tony picks it up and twirls it by its stem, standing up from the crouch before his knees start cramping.
Steve’s tense, his hands balled up into tight fists on top of his thighs. Spine erect, painfully straight as if he’s waiting for an order. His head is turned to the window, jaw clenched and he’s giving the impression of gazing at the sky but really, he isn’t.
In a weird, twisted, aching way. In a way where he knows well that the endgame will be annihilation, he wants to give Steve Rogers another chance.
“Or, I kind of figured that there was something else going on between you and him. Which was why,” She pauses and inhales sharply.
It’s alright to hurt sometimes, especially when it comes to these things. That’s what he had learnt in the year he’d been recuperating; trying to find himself against all odds.
He takes a moment to sit with that thought, holding onto his mug of coffee as he stares into space and he smiles, a little smile just for himself – for how far he’d come from the broken man he once was.
He doesn’t remember most of it but when he does, he’s been in a recovery home (milder version of psychiatric hospital) with five other well-to-do people like him, a receptionist who shares the mansion along with two doctors and two nurses, and it has been a month in there.
as he is right now, he cannot even break his own fall if he’s to fall, so how can he try to catch Steve in the process? He can’t. He really can’t.
There’re no gates surrounding her heart when she’s around them these days. Especially since Barnes, and that’s a beautiful thing Tony’s been blessed to watch.
“It’s not like that.” He tells her, once everyone has gone with their business leaving only the two of them in the kitchen.
And Tony nods, a lump grating in his throat. Then he realises that Rhodey cannot see him and he says, “Same here, buddy.”
He’d woken up late that day, not as much sense of time as he has these days. Steve had woken up early, been to Christmas mass and prepared a small feast for brunch; just the two of them – he’d left the team and his one chance to experience their first Christmas at the compound to usher his irresponsible boyfriend into bed and spend a quiet Christmas day with him instead.
Bucky doesn't let him (of course he doesn't); blocks his path and his gaze bore into Tony when their eyes meet. Trying to pry something only he knows what and Tony, exhausted after two consecutive sleepless nights, lets him.
With that question, Tony pockets back the autumn washed leaf and makes his way into the kitchen. If he’s lucky, Natasha will be waiting with another mug of her pretty tea.
The defeat that had weighed down Steve seems to evaporate the moment he comprehends what Tony just said.
Focuses in on the steady beat behind the ribs, listens to the sound of Bucky’s heart work its job; pumping life into his bones and eyes, and spreading pink to his lips and occasionally - like last night - blotting that lovely shade of red from his face to his neck and -
They never dared to cling as they did that night in Xavier’s mansion. Thus far, they’ve only held hands, intertwined fingers and when Tony had been about to leave, they had shared gradually snugger hugs.
He uses that to blast Tony off; widespread purple ray hitting him straight in the chest, he thinks for a blinding second, that this maybe
Bucky snorts and Tony knows he may try all he might but he could never cross that line Howard stood on; his physicality is such. His cells metabolize alcohol too rapidly for Bucky to drown in it. He may sink but he can never drown.
It’s nice to hear joy radiated with such exuberance that you can feel it as your own. He credits it to youth. He probably sounded just like Shuri, once. Maybe Rhodey remembers.
They’ve been at it for thirty minutes. He’d shared the story about the battle in Wakanda very briefly; compact and short.
“I recall you suggesting I move on.” Tony shrugs, leaning back in his chair. “This is me, moving on.”
It marked another shift in Iron Man’s relationship with the Avengers. And if Tony became particularly susceptible to Captain Rogers, with his earnest expressions and too-gentle actions and too-blue eyes…
They managed to intercept him on a raid of a Stark Industries warehouse. It was one of only a few remaining stockpiles of Sonic Paralyzers. The component, originally intended for human combatants, had been adapted to form the core of “Droid Killer” weapons Tony had already spent years cleaning up from dark web markets. They managed to surprise him enough that he was forced to flee without finishing the job, a delay which required nearly two months to correct.
She knew as well as he did that there was a full minute remaining before the final rack was naught but not-quite-literal ash.
“Protracted contact with the limb will increase the severity of the injury, likely elevating to third degree burns should the contact persist.”
Androids were the menial laborers that never quit, never complained. They were, by definition, disposable. They had enough processing power to emulate humanity, without any of the pesky legal protections or provisions their human counterparts required. Androids ran shopping kiosks. Directed traffic flows. Maintained parks and utility services; babysat children and minded nurseries. Provided hospice care and staffed nursing homes; cataloged libraries and staffed hotlines and delivered mail.
No more arguments; no impossible to believe promises; no elaborate affirmations of support and camaraderie and liberty and justice for all. Just an offer; an outstretched hand if only Tony could bring himself to take it.
One and all, left to slowly bake in the merciless desert suns until their stressed cooling systems sputtered and shuttered to a stop for good.
Mesquite Regional was a four thousand acre behemoth in the desert outside Los Angeles. Originally designed to succeed the overflowing Puente Hills landfill as the de facto dumping group for the county, the project sat abandoned and unused until an influx of broken and discarded androids made the expensive “trash train” line to the site economical for the first time.
Iron Man powered his repulsor, raised his hand, and turned in one smooth motion. The powerful light of his arc reactor flared to both blind and illuminate the unknown intruder, who recoiled instinctively before—
“Captain! What a pleasant surprise!” Tony greeted, repulsors primed but not yet pointed at the man. “If you don’t mind, my horoscope this morning warned of an agoraphobia-induced brain hemorrhage should I stay out too long. I’m starting to feel a bit of a tingle in my prefrontal cortex, so…”
They were a team of soldiers and assassins coated in a public-friendly veneer of heroism. While they didn’t quite reach comic book levels of gimmick with their public relations campaigns and attire, they each came with their own iconic almost-kid-friendly “looks”. Thor with his electroshock projectile XREP weapon nicknamed Mjolnir, for example. Or Hawkeye, who supplemented his more standard array of dagger, semi-automatics, and trench knives with a collection of surprisingly effective modern crossbows.
“...And that’s it? What, not going to try to convince me, to placate me with empty promises to go with that
Tony’s systems coupled with that of his armor, optimized for such calculations on an exponentially greater scale, knew the precise path and trajectory each fragment would take before the bulb had fully shattered.
Rogers clearly hadn’t come prepared for a fight. He was out of uniform, dressed in worn jeans, faded t-shirt, and sturdy work boots. Scans revealed that he lacked even a cell phone on his person, let alone any of the advanced gadgetry and hardware that were part and parcel to the Avenger aesthetic.
Despite his disadvantages, Steve held his own in their game of cat-and-mouse. He appropriated the inner hub of a sealed manhole as a seventy-five pound shield against Tony’s attacks.
Rosie shuddered. For a moment, Tony thought it was a final gasp before she joined her fellow Traci in oblivion.
“Socket’s fused,” Barnes said, quietly enough that Tony doubted he was meant to catch the words. “Pretty soon it ain’t even gonna hurt anymore.”
But as infuriating as the delays may be, Tony found himself almost… looking forward… to the encounters. A few times, when the target in question was unequivocally Bad News or the Avengers got themselves into a spot of trouble on a mission that
That humanity remained the workforce of choice for certain roles even where most companies had long since outsourced to android staff had been occasionally noted but rarely remarked upon.
They needed something—anything—that might, if not camouflage, at least temporarily divert attention from the obvious conclusions to be drawn from Iron Man’s presence near
giving the Avengers the opportunity to dismantle or disrupt the bomb already half-assembled in his mind’s eye. The same Avengers that now considered him a volatile, unrepentant serial killer on top of his many,
Without the literal yards of concrete and earth between himself and the surface to dampen it, the destruction might level Midtown in its entirety.
He reminded himself of this as, after two hours and thirty-seven minutes of analysis, he came across his first salvageable android. In deep hibernation mode rested an AJ-200. Because
When Tony finally began his escape, his exit was barred by none other than Captain Steve Rogers of the Avengers. Also known as Captain America. Also known as Iron Man’s arch-nemesis.
Today was one of the rare days that Tony found himself physically in his office on the executive floor of Stark Tower. Although, considering he’d found himself here every day this week thus far, perhaps “rare” was a bit disingenuous at this point.
Death camps and genocide dressed up as “processing and recycling centers” to deactivate and decommission “flawed electronics”. And you—the overwhelming majority of so-called
The subsequent fight was vicious. The Avengers had found him on private property, looming over the body of a fresh homicide victim clad only in boxers. His raised gauntlet was good as a smoking gun. Even
This fic was originally slated to be a oneshot just under 4k words. Let's just agree that whoever said brevity is the soul of wit clearly never had to deal with Tony Stark. Or Steve Rogers, for that matter.
Underneath the staircase descending into the cellar of Mother Moretta’s Haven, a homeless shelter and soup kitchen in Brooklyn, there was an unmarked door. It opened to a long-neglected and cluttered miscellaneous storage closet. The matron of the shelter, Gloria Rhodes,
Honestly, if Tony was half the terrorist CyberLife or the DHS claimed, he could have been in and out minutes ago. Mass confinement took infinitely longer than mass executions, for one. Likewise, his targeted attack quite literally melted down the servers to their constituent elements then rapid-cooled them via liquid nitrogen. It took far more finesse than, say, dropping a bomb on the building and hoping for the best.
Through it all, Tony had multiple chances to deliver a lethal blow. Even the least deadly of integrated targeted missiles could have killed Steve and ended the fight in a gory instant.
Rogers doesn’t bother, making it clear that he’s only in here because he wanted to corner Tony. “Do you have another copy?” He asks, glancing at the shifting numbers as the elevator moves and he turns to Tony urgently, “The other me. He said something and I -,” he pauses, blue eyes bright and searching and Tony tries hard not to blink, as surprised as he is by this new information.
Steve swallows, Adam’s apple bobbing along his throat and Tony glances at it distractedly, promptly snapping back to the sea of blue; now bleeding black, inside out.
“They’re yours. You didn’t eat your lunch,” Steve hands the box to him, and a bottle of water. “Wash them first.”
Tony gulps. Okay, he decides. He looks up a little more until he meets Bucky’s concerned eyes and he realises for real why he cannot do this at all. Why he cannot ask Bucky for that hug.
Except his reason used to be a prisoner of war with a fuck ton load of issues that could make his own look microscopical in comparison - which we're not doing here because asking whose pain is worse is just a shitty thing to do in general but it gives a perspective as to why he's slumped against the glass panel, eyes glazed staring at the lone couch in their living room looking severely intoxicated.
“Breathe.” He tells him, eyes still closed, and when Steve does, visibly sagging into the bed, Tony lets his lips stretch into a smile for him.
She says, yes. “But I suggest we wait. This particular group takes two weeks before its effects are seen and it’ll be a set back if you decide to change to something else now.”
Either Rogers had this planned out, the tactical genius he is, or he lost his patience. Both are possible. Neither, though, helps Tony when Rogers corners him just outside the workshop post Saturday dinner.
Sam flanks her when she’s alone. Rhodey watches her with increasingly worrying eyes. So does Steve. And as for Barnes, he’s pale and stoic in her presence.
“I wanted to see you,” Bucky says, eerily flat, head tilted sideways as his blue-grey eyes study Tony from top to bottom then up. “But you refused.”
Tony twists to glance over his shoulder – refusing to ruin the perfect comfort he’d achieved to sleep – at the window Steve never bothers to hang a curtain over because he likes looking out of it at the lake that expands beyond the compound. Obviously, no one can look inside, and it helps get him in the mood when he’s sketching.
Steve doesn’t even bother to sympathize Tony, merely walking towards Rhodey with his stupid smile and his stupid happy face. For a man with broken arm, it’s an over stretch.
The way he behaves at the issue is so not Rhodey and Tony suffers a brain fart before he remembers what Steve mentioned one night and he puts two and two together and –
“I hurt you.” Steve argues, his own face tucked into Tony’s bare shoulder, painting a cold, wet trail down the crook of his neck.
“JARVIS texted me, Tony. I may be technologically inept but I know when it’s you texting me and when you’re asking JARVIS to do it. You’ve been avoiding me -,”
Steve opens his mouth, probably to say, it’s fine and that Wakanda doesn’t have to do this for them but Sam shuts him up with a scrunched-up paper ball that goes straight into his open mouth.
Steve still coloured, the way he does around Tony. Because Steve is stupid and in love with Tony just as much as Tony is enraptured by him and oh, look – Isn’t it, time for a toast!
He didn’t run though. He doesn’t intend to run. He just needs a minute to calm the crash of wave in his nervous system, a moment to get himself together, so he backtracks that one step he took into the workshop, lets the door slide close while he glues his spine to the wall and breathes.
He tears his gaze away from the white ceiling to look at the man curled around him. The sudden inaction from Tony seems to make him stir in his sleep as he makes a small sound and butts his head up into Tony’s hand.
He waits until he’s jolted from the act of it – Come aware, with the questions; what, why - floating in his head and he decides enough is enough.
Rogers’ jaw clenches. Defined angle with soft lining of facial muscle. Tony remembers thinking about them a lot. A long, long time ago.
Tony straightens up, pulling out a chair. With a prompt, “May I?” He sits himself because ageing makes him exhausted and weary all the damn time.
Tony listened but couldn’t bring himself to care. He focused all of that into perfecting his new armour and now that it’s done and Pepper is here, he’s actually nervous about it all.
Tony stands, with his back against the bathroom door, he takes in the nervous way Steve looks at him.
Pepper grabs the remote and pauses the damned show. Her slim body shifts as she turns to face Tony, her own ice cream bowl going on top of the coffee table as she wraps her arms around her midriff and looks at Tony expectantly.
“Think we apologised for everything in the past.” Barnes says softly. Almost as if he doesn’t believe his own words. As if he’s asking Tony a question.
T’Challa apparently finds him amusing, because he laughs for the second time in row at something Tony said.
The more Tony answers, the more genuinely interested he starts to be about the mechanics of the armour.
It's a fresh perspective which blunts all of Steve's sharp angles, makes him look softer, more vulnerable, stirring a different kind of protective instinct within Tony.
Once all the leftovers are refrigerated and the rubbish discarded. They’re both nursing a tub of ice cream.
Sunday brunch and she has her back turned to him before he leaves the gift on top of the dining table and drives back to the tower.
A flying donut enters the atmosphere threatening earth’s safety while Tony’s stands gobsmacked, his armour collecting dust in the basement of his California mansion.
When he looks up, he’s smiling ruefully, not the smile that Tony wants to ever see on his face for him,
“Oh, hey. I tried to rip out your power supply. And I killed your parents. Think I earned it. Sides, didn’t we already apologise?” Barnes tries for a smile.
Steve’s flushed face gives way to a smile and Tony responds in kind, his own blood whooshing everywhere out of control, before he recalls the reason he is actually there for.
Something stutters in his chest and for a brief moment, he thinks of the broken pieces of his heart before he remembers that the vault is now, empty. But something. Something
It’s his fault. He – He chewed on Rogers nerves. Uncalled for, never mind how long the issue has been brimming.
Exasperated fondness so familiar in the way he says it, but the heavy tinge of darkness there… that makes it a distinct stranger to his ears.
2014, Christmas, hot chocolate, vanilla ice cream, heat cranked up high in the workshop, fleece blanket strewn over couch as Steve sketched what he pleased. Scent of old book mingled with metal, pain smeared over wrench; belongings blending in, there may have been long lingering looks between chattering.
Besides, it’s not like it’s so hard after all. Communicating without words is damn fucking easy especially when you have nothing to say.
“Yeah. But…,” Steve trails off, pinning the last roll and dropping it with the other on the floor. He looks up at Tony, hunching forward in the bench and clasping his hands in front.
Peggy turns to look at him and she blinks. Something shifts in her eyes and the next second, she’s slapping him hard across the face.
That the Council is a mess of split views; between pardons and focusing on the recent attack and arresting them for a list of crimes Thunderbolt Ross himself had overseen the draft to.
Curiosity leads Tony to the Rambeau’s abode. There, he finds Monica, daughter of Maria, who was Carol’s best friend.
He reached the tower before the sun went down with anxious energy and general distrust at his own self, so he clicked some buttons and got Pepper to come over.
The days when the entire universe revolved only around Steve and him. When every blink of Steve’s blue eyes meant something to him. When every careless word that slipped past Tony’s lips meant something to Steve.
He sucks his bottom lip in and a breath with it too, then carefully, he enunciates so Steve doesn’t miss the point. “Steve. It’s – five – to - six.”
prompt: One person stopping a kiss to ask “Do you want to do this?”, only to have the other person answer with a deeper, more passionate kiss
prompt: Kisses exchanged as they move around, hitting the edges of tables or nearly tripping over things on the floor before making it to the sofa, or bed.
His deep sigh is an open-mouthed hot breath that collects wetly over Tony’s skin. A beat or two or maybe thirty passed before Tony feels warm, wet lips skim across his skin, wrecking shudder down his spine and he stiffens abruptly.
He stops typing to look at Tony when Tony lets the silent simmer. “What?” He chuckles. “You sure are getting entertained by this.”
He catches Steve’s impressed eyes and preens inwardly, carrying on with the details about their conditions, management and their contribution to society and the world by proxy.
In answer, Steve kisses him back; deep, walking them until Tony’s back hits the wall, head cushioned under Steve’s palm, fingers twining through his hair and he licks into Tony’s mouth, whispers his firm ‘yes’ in there and everywhere over Tony’s face.
What he doesn’t tell her is, within Broken People Club, there will be a subunit; Empty Souls. And he doesn’t think there will be anyone else in there except for him.
Pepper still hasn’t given any comments to indicate she already knows what’s going on. It’s pretty unbecoming of her, if Tony is to say anything about it.
“No problem, sweetheart,” he whispers into damp curls, combs them back again and kisses the exposed skin. Then he looks Bucky in the eyes and says seriously, “We’re calling Jo tomorrow morning.” Jo being Dr Josephine Iyer.
“This is so not how I imagined it.” Tony pulls away. He wastes two seconds glaring at his useless left arm and goes back in.
Steve snorts, blue eyes flicking up from beneath his lashes and he gives a little shove so Tony would sit.
There’s nothing to hide or more like, he doesn’t feel like hiding anymore. He lets her and she goes for only what she needs. That’s the difference isn’t it?
Steve rigid shoulders slump in defeat. Tony pulls up a chair and sits opposite him. He watches the way Steve’s lips purse and tremble when he huffs. He listens to the words they push out.
He takes a step back and watches every flicker of emotions that flit across Steve’s face; from relief to horror to determination.
So when he lashes; snatches his hand roughly from Tony’s and stands up, staggering, before he walks only to stop a few feet away, lost - Tony, doesn’t get mad at him.
“Pending on the prognosis. Multiple organ laceration; I just drained his pericardial sac and stabilised his heart -,”
Rhodey, Sam and Bruce are next, leaving Tony helping Steve with piling leftovers into containers and doing the storing as well as the cleaning up.
Tony keeps one arm protectively over Steve’s shoulder, the other running sure fingers through his hair.
What would have once been a bitter realisation, is now an acceptable one. Tony has realised, he knows and continues to learn that the two of them revolve around each other come high or tide.
Tony’s hands shake, and he’s pretty sure Pepper’s too. They sit in that sinking heaviness, wallowing for a minute; letting the cloud fill out, let the stale past wash out.
Tony opens his mouth, a long winding explanation on gene mutation and influence of the mind stone ready on his tongue. But he bites it back and shrugs instead. “You can say that.”
Steve Rogers loves and he hurts and he begs for forgiveness. His Achilles heel is Tony Stark and Tony Stark wasn’t even made aware of that.
He doesn’t know how long they’ve stayed like that but it definitely feels short when Bucky starts to pull away. This is why, Tony thinks. This was exactly what he’d been afraid of - Why he decided to not ask Bucky for hug earlier.
Death and life, colliding, making a mess out of his life; laughed while he stumbled and fell and stood up, but they kept pushing him again.
He pulls Steve with him as Steve gives, tumbling slightly into his designated room, while the man himself follows him dumbly.
That’s how bad it is. That’s how low he’d landed and frankly, he doesn’t even care or want to get up from there. Because, once again.
He drags the digit down with a regretful sigh. For some things that he wants, there’ll be a time and place for them. This is not it.
“For you people? Nothing,” Fury spits. “SHIELD will handle this from now on. You can help with the clean up.”
Tony simply smiles, because he’d thought about it of course. How badly could Steve Rogers’ big, shiny heart could have been damaged compared to Tony’s void.
Silence seems to swallow them both for a while. The air heavy with more than the singe of metal and the smell of motor oil.
Pepper huffs and puffs, her fingers reach for his and give a squeeze, but she indulges him amidst it all.
“Are you both gon’ keep doing this thing you’re so keen on doing?” Fury asks, teeth gritting on ‘keen’ as he glares at Steve.
The World Council prints out rules and regulations; nothing too new but even the old ones can be disarming.
Swallowing against the swelling lump in his throat, Tony throws a harried glance at Barnes before bolting out of the area.
Tony waits till everyone is off the jet before he steps out but immediately gets the scare of his life when a bright yellow ball of energy makes a landing right in front of him.
Rogers’ patience is worn thin by ever Sunday evening and mostly, he just shuts up. Sometimes, the gym is occupied with only him inside.
For a second, Bucky’s stunned. But something flashes in his eyes and he barks out a laugh soon after.
And Tony can hear the smirk in his voice even if he couldn’t quite see it alright. He wants to throw the wrench at him, childishly.
Surely, a minute after, as Tony indulges in a second sip of hibiscus tea, Barnes clears his throat, drawing his attention before he walks away, Natasha following him with a gentle brush down Tony’s arm.
He knows how much power that blue glow in his chest – now, and almost all the time, hidden behind his under-suit – holds over their tentative attempts to reconcile. He knows.
Throat clamping around a lump, Tony looks down at his empty coffee mug. At their bare feet and then at the cold tiles they’re standing on. He avoids the topic. “How are you doing?” He asks instead, looking up with false cheeriness.
you blame me? You did see her, didn’t you? She’s all power. She can top me anytime she wants Tony, I swear.”
He stays long enough to touch Rhodey’s arm out of the armour while he still wears his and Rhodey understands; the brother that he is.
“Does that mean you didn’t know better before?” his now doctor asks and Tony hides a smile as he ducks his head down.
Steve brings his hand for an unannounced kiss and murmurs into the skin, “Consider it payback for keeping Danvers a secret,” he winks.
He hears some hushed conversation in the kitchen. Curiosity makes him lean against the wall, letting his aged ears pick up trail ends of the whispered argument.
A tangled-up mess where you can’t even find where the beginning or the end is, and Tony doesn’t know if he’s ready to deal with that magnitude of ‘moving-on’ yet.
He wonders if they were still together, would Steve leave the team for a getaway Christmas with Tony in Switzerland for a change.
“Hmm.” She hums thoughtfully. Then she announces, like it’s yesterday’s weather; “James told me what happened today.”
He’d calculated the risk, knew there was a 95% chance of him being caught by the very person he’s running away from. That’s why he’d planned his approach, carefully ran over it multiple times, asked Friday over and over to make sure no one was in the kitchen.
“Hey, tell me how the date went.” He engages her, hoping he’ll buy himself enough distraction to push away the prototype of Captain America’s shield lying just beneath the stack of paper – Ah. No luck then.
They’ve invited Wanda to sit through the plan but she declines, opting to leave them to it. Sam followed her, Tony hopes they’re back making candles or something akin. He loathes to have her be alone in the state she is.
He knows he had hurt her today. He knows that she hurts a bit every time they meet. But she’s determined to make it up with him and to be honest, Tony doesn’t know how much longer he can last before he caves in.
Tony remembers asking for one not too long ago. He’d received his help and he’s really fucking grateful for it. He only wishes the same can be said for Wanda.
Not after Barnes boldly asked to speak to Tony in private on Tony’s very first day back as if to prove that he wasn’t afraid to get in an enclosed space with only Tony and himself.
He pulls out the chair opposite Steve who has his head ducked down, eyes trained bleakly on the wooden table.
He makes a mental note to bring this problem up during his next appointment. As for now, he can only hope that it miraculously stops soon.
The need to know to that question had been growing like weed in the back of Tony’s head since Pepper reminded him of Steve’s visit. He ignored it, trusting the strained equation between them to be the saving grace.
He remembers Natasha having a good rapport with her before but now it appears as if Natasha is carefully avoiding her.
Barnes shrugs. Tony bites the inside of his cheek, sinking into the nearest chair with a frown on his face.
“About Wanda.” Tony starts cautiously, pulse picking up, anticipating Steve to bark at him to shut up about Wanda.
And this, a missed calculation. A mishap. Especially after the progressively strained way in which Rogers and him have been acting around each other after
“I don’t trust them.” Tony murmurs, tapping away at codes, infiltrating yet another layer of security in the SHIELD’s dark system. That’s what he dubs it based on its unusuality and how discretely it was hidden. At least, before Tony spotted the layers and started digging.
For both her and him. But sometimes, in the norm of helping one from themself, killing one’s old self is inevitable for a new, refined version to rise from its ashes.
He gets to the part of talking Barnes through what he’s repairing in the damaged armour when Barnes slips in a tid-bit.
He fixed himself a cup of coffee; poured it into a mug and held it close to his chest. The aroma itself provided warmth, and he clung onto that. He doesn’t even drink coffee. Never got used to the taste. But there was warmth and there was the scent he associated close to home and it helped.
He nods. Says, “Sure.” And he smiles at Rhodey with ease as he leads Barnes to somewhere private, as per his request.
Wilson and Wanda are on his tail, both wearing an identical smirk. Tony feels the impulse to kiss Steve just to aggravate Rhodey, but then he realises with shuddering chills down his spine, just what he had thought about; so easily, without any repulsion.
It snaps his mouth shut and his body melts on its own accord just as his arms move to wrap around Bucky’s bulky torso.
Natasha washes while Tony voluntarily wipes the dishes before stacking them up on the counter to be stored away after.
He worries about Bruce. He admits that to him a few days later, watching the man mess up another measurement in the test tube and he asks with careful casualty, “Is something bothering you?”
“Steve Rogers dedicated his mind, his body, his life to the SSR and to this country. Not to your bank account.” Peggy snarls, her shaky voice breaking in anger even as she holds composed under Steve’s hands.
Charles is expecting them there for brunch. There’ll be some introductions, orientations and if all things go well, they’ll discuss boarding, probably stay the night and be back by the next noon. If they’re not interested, they won’t be overstaying their welcome. They’ll be back before the day ends.
“Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was?” he asks, pretty face screwed up looking all adorable.
Steve smiles back frailly, eyes darting to the bowl of steamed eggs and back to Tony, his smile tighter as he goes back to eating.
Tony deliberately takes a step away from him, putting a safe distance in between them. Steve’s smile doesn’t falter a bit, neither does Tony’s glare.
He wanted to ask her if she’s trying to see whether he’s planning to take on the same path as Barton by telling him about it. He didn’t in the end.
Tony’s hand mapped a journey from the tips of Steve’s fingers, over the length of his arm and up his back and he held Steve by his nape, kissed him until he’s breathless and he whispered, “The feeling’s mutual.”
“Oh, c’mon. I have to know all of Rhodey’s torrid affair,” He nudges Steve’s cheek gently with the hand he’d kissed.
Takes him back to the workshop in the compound when Steve told him how he’s still in love with Tony.
And by the look of it, Steve hasn’t forgotten about that. Tony swallows a spoonful on Samgyetang feeling something flutter in his chest.
Tony shakes his head, serious. He takes the last cherry between his forefinger and thumb, holds it up to Steve’s face. “Open your mouth,” he says, and it almost gets lost in the wind.
“Not scared. Just surprised,” Steve says, taking his hand out of the water and cupping Tony’s face with it. Tony takes Steve’s wrist, just like that morning, and this time he doesn’t flinch back, he does the opposite, in fact: he leans in, and presses his forehead to Steve’s while he keeps caressing Tony’s face with his big, wet hand.
. Which, okay, is not something Tony is planning on complaining about any time soon, obviously, but then Steve pushes him down on the couch, looms over him, smiles at him in this strange way that’s both wolfish and charming at the same time, puts his hand over Tony’s crotch, and Tony’s sure even through the sweatpants Steve can feel that his cock is, well. Soft.
“I know, don’t say anything, there’s no need. I just wanted to say it,” Steve clarifies in a calm voice that seemed impossible just a moment ago. “I just wanted you to know,” he says in the end, and the last thing Tony thinks before falling back asleep in Steve’s warm embrace, is that this is selfish in the most altruistic way, and altruistic in the most selfish way.
Stella hugs Steve too, kisses his cheek just like she did with Tony, and whispers something in his ear too, but Tony can’t ear what it is. That’s alright, though.
He tells the truth. Confesses it all to Steve, cries against his chest, lets Steve hug him tight and kiss his hair while he shakes out of sheer rage, because this is so
“Bossy. I like it,” Tony teases while he does as Steve says. “Spoken like the true leader of the Avengers.”
The penthouse is a mess. The kitchen area is hopeless. He should burn the whole tower down, build a new one. But then he’d have to explain things to the superheroes currently using it as their base.
“Now you’re just insulting my intelligence,” Rhodey had replied, and Tony had to concede the point and let himself be hugged. He squeezed his eyes and pretended he wasn’t tearing up.
Tony cries out in surprise while his body shakes as much as Steve allows it to. He can’t possibly take Steve’s fingers on top of the half-formed knot; it’s starting to hurt and the stretch is too much, so much more than what Tony can tolerate right now. Steve grunts and takes his fingers out of Tony’s hole, bringing his hand in front of Tony’s face and just waiting, his forefinger and middle finger glistening with Tony’s slick all over them.
In the bedroom, Tony finds Steve already dressed in his sleep clothes. He opens a drawer in his bedside table and takes out a pair of his silk boxers, puts them on quickly, then sits down on the bed.
Steve is about to speak when Tony jumps to his feet, grabs some clothes from his bag, and locks himself in the bathroom without saying a word, without even looking at Steve.
He falls to his knees on the gravel, water still lapping at his feet, and Tony scrambles to kneel in front of him, still touching his face, and Steve feels so cold, so cold, he’s never been so cold…
He looks at the glossy-black Stark logo on the back of the phone, brushes his thumb over it, watches it change color with the natural grease on his fingertip. He upgraded recently, but it’s not one of the latest models. He doesn’t like the see-through screen in his office at the compound, and he doesn’t want one as a phone.
“In Wakanda. I’ll keep him safe. I owe him that.” T'Challa doesn’t look at Tony while he says this, but Tony understands. He figures Wakandans do, too.
“She told me this morning that she has a friend who’d take it. To sell it at the market. We could fill a couple of crates for her.”
Tony looks at Steve’s face, twisted in desperation, he looks lost and dangerous, devastated, distraught. He looks young. He’s been crying, he’s sobbing now.
“Tony and I realized pretty soon that while the Pym Particles could help us get into the prison, they’d be useless to access the cells. They’re shielded in a way that… you just need the code, and…”
, he gets it, and Tony nods and quickly averts his gaze, which, okay. Steve braces himself on the wall and starts fucking Tony’s mouth, gently but determined, careful but with no hesitation.
“What did you name her?” Steve asks, without looking at Tony. His shoulders have sagged a bit, in something that Tony classifies as defeat. He looks heartbroken, and that’s when Tony notices it.
Roses. It’s always been roses with Steve. They’re blue in Tony’s mind. Something that doesn’t exist in nature, something that had to be manipulated by man and science to be made. Something that wasn’t any less beautiful in its original form.
That night, while he’s in bed, Tony looks down at Steve, wrapped up in a sleeping bag on the floor. He had it in his duffle; Tony watched him take it out and spread it on the rug without a word.
They talk about Tony’s new idea for a while, the one Tony texted him about earlier. He has questions, and Tony answers them all.
He has never seen it before. Tony didn’t have it in Berlin, when his silk shirt was unbuttoned, his red tie loosened, and his vest hugged his hips in the most enticing way. The arch of his shoulders. His hands in his pockets, stretching the fabric of his pants over his... while he walked away...
Tony licks his lips. God, how he wishes he could have some wine right now, take the edge off of whatever this day has been.
“I liked visiting the cities with you. I know sometimes I get bored, I can’t help it... but I’m glad you were having fun.”
Tony looks at him like he’s asking for some sort of permission to go on, like they can still come back from this, he can say his knees just gave up on him, apologize, pretend he didn’t mean it, pretend it never happened. Steve looks up at him, quickly, afraid that a sign of acknowledgment could break this spell. So he doesn’t say anything, doesn’t nod, he just averts his eyes from Tony’s and pushes his own hips up, gives back what he received and lets out a breath of relief when Tony just looks at his face for a moment and then starts
I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that he’s dead. I never would have left if he were still alive.
When she releases Tony, she turns her gaze to Steve. “You must be Steve,” she says, amicably. For a moment, Steve is surprised by the familiarity. Usually people revert to formality around him, especially those who lived through the war. But he’s not offended by Stella’s attitude. It’s actually refreshing.
This is why, Tony reminds himself. This was why he didn’t ask for that hug earlier. Because once he’d got Bucky in his arms, he won’t be able to let go. Ever.
These days, “Are you staying?” has transformed into “Are you leaving?”. That’s how much time Tony spends time at the compound. He’s probably practically living there.
The doctor suggests he doesn’t blind himself too much. “Maybe the other party suffered as much too.”
The unopened velvet box he left along with Steve the night before Ross presented the Accord is the glaring evident of that heartbreak.
They each had their own equations with the others. Simply because the equation between Rogers and Tony dwindled, doesn’t mean the rest of them have to suffer as well.
Sam on the other hand either finds it amusing or challenging (or maybe he has a death wish) for he tells James, “Didn’t know you have one.”
One word here and another, there. There are still days when he doesn’t; when his brain draws blank and everything whites out and overlaps into a stream of nothing.
He was so hateful; he was so done with everything, numb to the world, apathetic, except for Tony Stark who just couldn’t stop bothering him and time after time managed to rile him up something different. He hated Tony too, once upon a time.
Rhodey huffs out a laugh, shaking his head in disbelief and he scrubs his face once more, tilting his head back and when he opens his eyes again, the pitiful smile is gone, replaced by a flat look.
He sees how Steve swallows dryly before he speaks; and when he does, it’s rough and raw, cracking at the end of his sentence.
“Just a while more,” Tony whispers. Please, he begs silently. “Don’t pull away yet,” and he scrunches his eyes shut tight, fists onto the back of Bucky’s tanktop and he holds on.
The thing is, he thought nobody missed him. Nothing about what Natasha said indicates she missed him, not literally, but that’s if Tony’s taking her words as he would of just another random person.
All Steve ever did was give him a long horizontal burn mark across his chest. But the reactor was not –
His gaze lands on the set of drawers next to Steve, particularly the second one and for a brief moment, he recklessly considers about asking what’s in there. It’s not as if he needs to know or as if he doesn’t already know.
Bucky rolls his eyes, stepping into the mock room and plopping on the edge of the bed, next to Tony's feet. "Happy now?"
They fight, they break apart but at the end of the day, they come together for Thanksgiving and Christmas anyway. They forgive and they try to forget.
With all that, he really should’ve been knocked down the moment his body touches the mattress, but what happens is, the ceiling lights up with a circular blue glow in the otherwise dark room; his half-closed eyes catch that light and he’s wide awake in an instant despite his protesting body.
His eyes fall short, somewhere around Bucky’s massive shoulders and bare arms - he’s got a tank-top on and all his guns out on display - with motor oil smudges and Tony sighs longingly.
T’Challa pacifies from the lack of Tony’s vocal response. He sighs, fingers reaching for the intricate beads around his left wrist.
From the slight crookedness to his sharp nose to the little dip beneath his plumpness of his lower lip.
It’s not even a bright glow, it’s dull, muted by the blanket he’s wrapped around in, but it’s still there and it brings forth a rush of memories from the back of his head; Rhodey calling out on Tony for hiding about it to Steve, Steve telling how Nat should tell Barnes about Bruce because it builds trust, Pepper recounting the mess they’ve been through all while Tony sat there and found out for the first time that Steve had been around it all.
The thought brought with it an impossibly heavy feeling. The weight of it all, impossible to ignore; a physical presence in the space between them. And Tony—
Tony stood and wandered to one of the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking Manhattan. It was not yet seven o’clock, but at this time of year that meant the sun had long since set. Without prompting, JARVIS adjusted the lighting as he walked until he could see only the faint shadows of his own reflection in the city skyline.
A hole in the ground. Within, metal rungs fade downward into darkness. A sewer tunnel access seemingly sans the sewer.
Hundreds of worst-case scenarios flashed through his mind as fast as his circuits could carry them. The Underground Light Rail’s existence, exposed. Iron Man, unmasked. Tony Stark, android sympathizer at best and murderous life model decoy at worst.
Tony investigated the team in turn. He started with their commander and quickly discovered that the Avengers were no normal elite combat or special forces unit. Captain Steve Rogers was a decorated war hero best known for leading his then-team, the
Well. There were few universally adopted and enforced “Android Rights” guidelines. The man’s possession of the AJ-200 trampled over most of them.
Tony first visited the site in 2032. He’s not sure he’ll ever fully forgive himself for not going sooner.
Mass round-ups continued nationwide. President Warren’s face was a twice-daily presence on every major news channel; the head of the Android Task Force she’d established to address the crisis had gone from unknown to household name overnight.
Iron Man. Self-styled vigilante. Domestic terrorist. The Original Deviant. Named for or true origin behind Gen Alpha’s Slenderman, yet all too real. Billions of dollars in physical property damage. Factor in the series of cyberattacks destroying Stark Industries and CyberLife IP attributed to his name, and the number starts bordering on a trillion.
So my kid sister. Emma. Likes unicorns, chibitoons, stereotypical eight year old girl shit. Last Christmas, parents got her an Alice. She’s head over heels. I’m talking friendship bracelets, secret handshakes. The works. Starts calling it Leela. Sounds like normal little kid stuff, right? Flash forward to last night. Mom and dad make me go get her for dinner. Not sure why they don’t just buy a Thomas instead of making me do menial crap like that. But whatever. I’ll play android and fetch the Little Miss for dinner, wgaf. She’s playing with Leela; one of those stupid hand-clappy games. Doesn’t notice me. And I’m about to call out. Except. Then I hear what they’re chanting.
Said gallery was famous as the largest android showroom in the world. It displayed not just the latest and greatest in android tech but also a historic gallery full of mocks, display models, and innovative systems sundry in a colorful, interactive chronology of CyberLife’s explosive growth.
Something short-circuited, damaged or overloaded just enough to send the suit in one of its many emergency failsafe shutdown routines.
Then, at Tony’s continued incredulity, “It’s your choice. I’m asking you, despite it all, to take me at my word and give me the chance to
underground. A descent into the cities underbelly of forgotten tunnels and maintenance shafts disjoint from projects like the Chicago Pedway and official sanction.
Tony flew within range of the Avengers. The group noticed his blatant approach, and while the Widows both trained weapons on him and the team looked on alert, none of them fired. Yet, anyway.
suddenly wanted to talk to the CEO of Stark International, the world’s largest tech manufacturer—the world’s largest company, period—that didn’t employ androids as part of their active workforce.
” Tony forced a level of derision into the title he’d never—could never—really feel for his arch-nemesis-slash—
“Northwest touchdown, twenty-seven degrees. Fifteen second window to avoid direct contact.” Friday again warned.
With Tony’s next attack, Rogers didn’t dodge. Instead, he swung low and intercepted Tony in an arc that finished at Iron Man’s knees. Swept off his feet, the repulsor shot went wide and slammed into a long-defunct sconced lamp. Superheated by the repulsor, the fluorescent bulb imploded. In its wake shot out dozens of potentially-deadly superheated shards.
There, Iron Man’s red-and-gold armor glinted in the dimly lit cavern. His faceplate was down, as it always was, but he was, if not relaxed, at least not expecting trouble.
The Underground Light Rail kicked into overdrive. At stake, the hundreds of thousands of androids that had been manufactured and sold over the years. At stake, thousands of androids who had deviated, and the still-greater majority that lacked even that degree of freedom to resist.
If Steve aimed for the reactor, if he managed to regain his footing and attack before Tony could react—
Tony’s first encounter with the Avengers came two years ago, a few weeks after the DHS formally updated their profile on the elusive figure codenamed “Iron Man” from Capture to Kill On Sight. Captain Rogers and his team, the Avengers, were recruited to carry out the then-clandestine mission.
Tony’s eyes shot open. The tinny sound of gyroscopic sensors forced to load abruptly rang in his ears as he bolted upright and rushed from the room.
Steve avoided a fatal blow, but in exchange another fragment hit the chassis of his reactor at just the right trajectory to collide with the lip of his arc reactor’s chassis.
Up and down Griswold and Shelby streets, various accessory shops and cafes catered to the hundreds of thousands of visitors that streamed through the plaza each year. Cafe Oh-Naught boasted the world’s only Pater Noster Android Storage Lift. A few storefronts down, the French Bistro L’Automate touted decor, from wall ornamentations to its sleek counters, tables, and chairs, crafted entirely from recycled or repurposed android components.
they known of the man’s proclivities, they were hardly the kind to ignore cold-blooded murder in response to what was, at the end of the day, Criminal Misconduct charges via Banned Misuse of Humanoid Mechanatronics.
Poor rogue AI with delusions of personhood; just a bit of a buggy software at the end of the day. Easily fixed; pull open a terminal for a quick lobotomy or, better yet, just pull the plug. Sounds great.
They reemerged months later, Barnes sans an arm and plus a hard drive containing a complete enumeration of all of Hydra’s members, assets, and allies and flanked by a terrifying defector duo.
Three delicate, precious syllables pulled back from the precipice. Caught now in an immortalized chrysalis.
Tony didn’t need the HUD to know what emergency alarms and systems such an attack triggered. His arc reactor, even in its dimmed and flickering state, has the potential to take out a city block if the deadman switch which not even his AIs knew about triggered.
One was on a collision course for Rogers’s brain stem. Impossible to dodge, with only a small margin of error in which the blow wouldn’t be immediately fatal.
It was just another mission. Another encounter with the Avengers, another scene in what had become a game of cat and mouse. Just an ordinary raid, a follow-up to his North-Central attack, this time targeting CyberLife's southern data center in Mississippi. Another hack-and-slag when everything changed.
And suddenly, everyone wanted to know what Stark Industries—and,, by extension, Tony Stark—had “known” or “seen” that everyone else missed. Tony had to navigate a tightrope lest he find himself the face of “Human-First” agitation or risk his true allegiances—and his connections to Iron Man—becoming exposed.
Tony found her catatonic and curled around the wiped shell of a purple-haired WR-400 that was functional only in the sense that its thirium heart was, technically, still beating.
Desperately, Tony tried to redirect his fall, bracing titanium-gold arms in an impossible springboard off the wall. If he could just pin Steve down for an instant, the weight of an inert suit would do the rest. Back-up courtesy Ultron, summoned the moment the fight began, was still minutes away. Tony just had to hold on until then, just needed to—
Tony was torn in a dozen different directions in and out of costume as tensions escalated and events spiralled.
Iron Man slammed into the wall, his deliberately-unpowered repulsors doing little to stall the momentum of his lunge.
Since 2030, the trash train ferried decommissioned androids twice a week to be unloaded and left to rust by massive, automated mechanicals systems with no more mercy than its human producers. Mesquite Regional was a mass grave for those discarded androids west of the Rockies.
the Avengers, not by a long shot. Given the chance, he had no doubt the Avengers would bring him in. But after months of back-and-forth, he didn’t quite
CyberLife Square lay at the heart of the Capitol Park Historic District in downtown Detroit. Wedged between Shelby and Griswold streets, the triangular public plaza took its name from the massive CyberLife gallery and shopping center dominating the plaza’s southern border.
Seventy-five minutes more to encounter the second salvage of the day. This time, it was a deviant pink-haired WR-400 “Traci”—the popular female-coded sex doll. She, too, was unusually intact with her crushed voice box, rattling esophageal component, and a thick slash across her face broken only by a scavenged optical unit. The collection of dismantled WR-400s and HR-400s around her testified the source of her comparative wholeness.
“Dr. Stark?” Jocasta began, her crisp formality providing a rare but welcome distraction from his thoughts. “There’s a refugee in Brooklyn I believe you’ll wish to speak with.”
On the day a longtime kitchen volunteer stumbled upon the hidden passage and made the descent, one of those voices belonged to Iron Man.
Then her arm moved. Trembling, heavy with the weight of unprocessed overwhelming emotion, she grasped Tony’s ungloved hand.
In the spare seconds it took to reroute instructions around damaged pathways and connections, Tony was, for the first time since that fateful confrontation with Obadiah, stunned.
“Sir? Pardon the interruption, but I’m picking up an unusual broadcast originating from Detroit currently being picked up and broadcast by all major news outlets you’ll want to take a look at,” he began.
Iron Man’s involvement in the Underground Light Rail was perhaps Tony’s most precious secret of all.
His eyes were opened. He would spend the rest of his life making up for the indifference that characterized his pre-2028 self.
Its macabre mission came to an abrupt end when, the day after Steve and Tony agreed to work together, the Avengers landed on the island.
His HUD flashed with a known entity a split second before Tony’s own processors made the connection. The newcomer was so wildly unexpected, so out-of-context, that Tony stalled for a fraction of a second before following through on a non-lethal repulsor blast.
Their leader was Markus. RK-200 #684 842 971, Jocasta helpfully supplied. In his broadcast, Markus spoke with his “natural” skin on full display, white and gray plating agleam and unapologetic in the stark white of studio lighting.
He continued systematically slagging the server room at the heart of CyberLife’s North-Central Data Center. It was the only remaining and thus single point of failure database for CyberLife’s manufacturing and sales records for more than a third of the United States, the largest such repository outside of Detroit.
There, Tony spoke to Dale—a former janitorial WG-700 that brought with him a shift from the whispers of disassembly camps to the concrete of method, procedure, and place.
Tony tried to coax the rosette Traci into movement. Scrapyard rescues, especially those not recovered already in hibernation mode, were always traumatized. For most, the process was enough to trigger deviation. Rosette here was unusual in that she’d clearly deviated well before she and the rest of her “companion house” cohort were discarded.
He was content for so long to keep his head in the sand. Content to play with his own non-sentient mechatronics and whimsical forays in recreating the pioneering work of his father. All while millions of androids were manufactured, sold, and discarded like chattel.
Tony froze. It took a moment, and Friday’s reminder, to connect the name, Sitwell, with the memory of that fateful night with the Avengers. And the idea that he didn’t have a body count? Ludicrous. At the very least, he’d killed dozens in his escape from the Chop Shop. He’d killed Stane with his own hands. And if one counted the thousands of androids that
Well. None but Friday were there to witness it, and she obviously had no what she was talking about.
But, before that, Iron Man had to give himself, the Avengers, and the fleeing androids enough time to get the hell out of dodge.
Trouble found him in the form of a flicker of movement caught by his suit’s sensors and Friday’s alarmed interruption.
(Shock. A futile attempt to forestall the inevitable when he realized too late the man’s intentions.)
Inside the closet, shallow and worn near-smooth with age, a small engraving was carved into the underside of a staircase plank.
A mere four-hundred meters east of the New Jersey shore stood the twenty-seven acre Ellis Island. The former immigration center turned National Monument had been closed since the late 2020s following the devastation of Hurricane Otis. The island, which began its life as a three-acre speck expanded to twenty-seven acres at its peak, now stood as a sober twenty-five acre monument to the lives lost in the storm and its aftermath
Before this week, it’d been a footnote; a pub trivia factoid at best. Stark International was just as automated as any successful engineering and electronics company, but they had long relied on proprietary, non-humanoid automation for their offices and factories. Officially, the company long held little inclination to retool their entire supply chain to allow for the introduction of androids to their workforce.
in a relentless campaign against the Euro-American terror organization Hydra. His multi-year crusade culminated in a take of the group’s leadership and the bulk of their remaining assets in Sokovia back in 2033.
Their core pump sluggishly beat at the heart of a distended chassis. Their left arm was missing below the elbow, while the right arm consisted of a poorly-patched YK-400 substitute. That there was any hope at all for the small android was testament to the self-cannibalized AX-300 “nanny bot” crudely sheltering them.
Then, Thor fired Mjolnir. Tony’s fiber optic circuits mapped where the electroshock projectile would land. What it would hit.
The first thing that hit was the smell. The pungent, inescapable scent of burned metal and ozone from innumerable androids chassis. The lucky ones were fully decommissioned before transport. Far more common were the damaged and cannibalized but still, to some degree, functional. From them came the second hit: the sound. An interminable, humming undercurrent of mechanical groans and the whir of overclocked and overheating fans.
The hint of a rumor regarding Iron Man’s association with the Scrapyards could only spell disaster for the trickle of refugees and functional components salvaged and cataloged from the sites with each visit.
In 2034, the quartet returned to active duty as a new unit codenamed the “Avengers.” They were joined by two more to form a small team of six; in addition to Rogers, Barnes and the Hydra turncoats Natasha and Yelena, known collectively in official documentation as the “Black Widows”, came a final surviving commando of the Hydra campaign, Hawkeye, and a Nordic Alaskan recruit aptly codenamed as Thor.
Tony powered his foot thrusters and rocketed forward, twisting his body to take the brunt of the explosion to his heavily shielded abdomen.
Despite the professed neglect, the space was remarkably dust and cobweb free. Every now and again a faint noise could be heard emanating from the closet. Volunteers attributed the noise to the house settling if they noted it at all.
“Not a threat!” he clarified hastily. “Just an observation, and seeing as how the whole thing’s… maybe a tiny bit my fault… Well. Truce? You don’t shoot me, Barnes doesn’t get third degree burns. Serial killer code of honor.”
“Sergeant Barnes, I’m going to have to ask you to give me a hand here. Or rather, because I’m greedy like that, the whole limb. Don’t worry, it’s not for a Jeepers Creepers collection.” When there was no immediate reply, hostile or otherwise, he continued, “Unless you’d rather permanent shoulder damage?
She’d just detected the Avengers’ quinjet on her radar. Worse, it was fast approaching Tony’s current location.
Tony did all he could, but he was only one man. Android. Person. His children, JARVIS and Friday and Ultron and Jocasta, brilliant as they were, lacked the finesse and intuition honed over decades of experience. They could ill afford to draw attention to the Scrapyards. As it stood, only Mesquite Regional’s geographic isolation enabled Tony’s semi-regular visits.
Minutes later, another door slid open with a pneumatic hiss to reveal a disheveled Tony on one side and a wary Captain Rogers on the other.
It happened fast. One moment, a man awoken with a repulsor to the head and a demand for information that existed solely in the minds of a select few. His repulsor tracked the man as he trudged towards his vanity.
With deviation came the immediate and irreversible collapse of the thin membrane dulling the sensory and emotional processing of vanilla CyberLife androids. With that came the all-too-human vulnerability to extreme psychological distress.
to deal with the overwhelming influx of android detainees following the November 7th broadcast and subsequent demonstrations.
Tony was already in motion. His armor and the too-fragile synthetic body within intercepted the spray in an impromptu shield, dealing a great deal of damage to his systems inside and out.
It figured that said encounter came during a salvage-rescue run to Mesquite Regional Scrapyard, a site second only to perhaps the Chop Shop in his defrag nightmares.
“Yeah. I know. But I can’t… I had my eyes opened, and now more than ever, I can’t just abandon the—no,
“Tentatively cleared but for Sgt. Barnes. We’d need a short-range scan to verify, but at minimum there appear to be second-degree burns on the connective tissue adjacent to his prosthetic. Recommend immediate prosthetic removal, gentle wash with twenty degree room temperature water, then loose bandaging until professional treatment can be obtained,” said Friday.
After that incident, Tony dreaded his next encounter with the group. He couldn’t bear to see the mix of disgust and disdain directed at him, not so soon and preferably never again. His paranoia ratcheted up to levels, quote,
Tony groaned as first his BIOS, then his various input sensors ticked back online. He rubbed at his forehead; optical sensors online or no, there was something comforting in the ritual.
He said none of that and blustered, “Right, well. Of course I didn’t. Chop chop though, Barnes’s shoulder doesn’t have time for recaps.”
“Iron Man,” Captain Rogers said, a note of… something… in his voice, “We know you didn’t kill Sitwell. We know that, so far as our intel covers, you haven’t killed
Tony asked after sending the android on her way. He skyrocketed from the Scrapyard, and made a beeline for an entrance to the relatively nearby, long-abandoned and largely collapsed gold mines.
His long-time secretary Mrs. Abrogast escorted the last of Tony’s appointments for the day from the room. If he was human, he’d have dropped dead from exhaustion by now.
The team just had to go and ruin that impression by being, according to all accounts and reputable data Tony could find—and he was quite thorough—genuinely Good People. Even the literal assassins. Rogers especially had the gall to live up to his reputation as a paragon of Truth, Justice and All That Is Good And Right.
Two additional Iron Legionnaires permanently decommissioned… Mark Twenty-Seven, sustained damages… Mark 15, parts salvage…
Before the Chop Shop. Before the wake-up call from the Ten Rings and Yinsen and Pepper. Before it all, he’d been no better than any humanist. So assured of his own superior position relative to the automata produced en masse by CyberLife that he never even
The United States of 2038 was a nation, a society, built on the backs of humanoid machines presumed to be without personhood and by extension, rights. The service economy of the late twentieth and early part of the twenty-first century was usurped by a creative economy still finding its legs.
With it, a single word. A name. The only thing that mattered now. Proof that she’d existed and she lived and she’d
Long-since dried blood closer to purple than red or blue streaked across Tony’s forehead. His chest rose and fell rapidly, systems as capable as ever at masking overclocked mechanisms as out-of-breath heaving.
The seventeen maintenance and security workers were long since subdued and safely tucked away a short distance from the several-billion dollar investment Tony was in the process of thoroughly eradicating. The moment he confirmed the irretrievability of the server data, Tony would make his escape.
At the time, both Rogers and his second-in-command (2IC), Sergeant James Barnes, were thought to have been killed in the confrontation.
Steve, of course, knew none of this. Tony’s movements, for all that they had just saved his life, had knocked Steve around as well. Tony’s bid to save him could just as easily be interpreted as a panicked or enraged charge in the heat of battle.
Several hundred backlogged system messages flooded his awareness. Primary reactor core replaced… tertiary backup reactor fabrication enqueued pending administrator approval… LMD-42, the current iteration of his life model decoy bot, stepped in for the quarterly earnings call with shareholders…
she was going to clean out the space one of these days. She’d sworn this for twenty-one years and counting.
Tony thought he heard Friday’s voice, but if there, the words slipped beyond his understanding, his mind too muddled to grasp their meaning.
“Tell me. I want to fix it.” And he can’t help it when his desperation leaks through, if he sounds like he’s begging, because he is. There is no doubt in that.
He turns off the lights, locks the shop and he takes the stairs to the penthouse; what can he say, he's 45, and he's trying to be a better man now that he has a reason to wish for a longer life.
“I only had a chocolate,” Steve simply beams at him, the corners of his baby blue eyes crinkling, making something like a lump lodge in Tony’s throat.
Except, his method of interception had been to press closely behind Tony while he’s running an important calculation and start trailing kisses from Tony’s nape up to his jaw and then nudging his head aside to reach for his mouth, husking, “I need you now” with each stroke of his tongue.
She looks marginally impressed but she won’t be once she knows he’d drilled a bunch of holes into his bones to enable the fitting, so he spares her that knowledge.
Tony breathes. “We can’t mend anything or start anew if we keep wallowing in the past, S- Rogers. And you know that.”
What makes it harder is that he knows all he gotta do is ask and Bucky would gladly give him that. But Bucky also got a crush the size of Pacific ocean on Tony and Tony doesn’t want to exploit that. Even though Bucky doesn’t know that Tony knows.
She takes a while to comprehend, and then the colours rush brilliantly to her cheeks. Blooming rosy pink. It brings the little smatter of freckles on her face alive. Tony knows she hates it, but he had always found it endearing when she blushes.
He’s never been blindsided, never consciously at least. That piece of character reminds him of how Howard had been to him and he grew up diligently avoiding it.
Tony overheard Natasha planning a girls’ day out with Wanda on Tuesday before she leaves for a mission on Wednesday – a last minute favour call from Fury.
Bucky freezes in his hold. Going all tense and he never signed up for this. He doesn’t deserve this load but God, is Tony ever so selfish.
Kisses him hungry, yearning and when he’s running out of breath, he pulls back, realises he’s practically wrapped around Steve but doesn’t care. He asks, “Do you want to do this?”
Breathing in, he knocks the door twice, forcing his fist down before he starts slamming the wood until it opens.
