He pushes past Cas to open the stairwell door. Cas moves out of his way, but not fast enough—Dean’s shoulder brushes his. It takes him another second to register that Dean is holding the door open for him.
“We can do that?” Dean says. He seems less nervous here.
“I’ve never felt like this before. God,” he says raggedly, squeezing his eyes shut and gripping his knees. “I’m so lost, Cas. I used to have—have an instinct for this stuff, a, a, compass. Now I got, what, I got nothing. I got no idea what’s wrong, what’s right, what’s me, what’s him. It’s all just a dark tunnel, and it feels like the only way out is—is forward. But I don’t
Dean shuts the leather-bound book. “We have all the ingredients for the Cage spell except for one: The Leviathan blossom from Purgatory. This is a ritual that can get us there—” He taps the cover of the book. “I wasn’t talking about the Cage spell before, I was talking about this. It needs a sacrifice, but it’s nothing too bad—”
Melly hesitates, confused.
Castiel looks hesitant.
CASTIEL
CASTIEL
“What the
“Bite me,” the vampire kid says.
model, almost extravagant, and he said it was good to see Cas loosening up and living a little. This one had been well maintained—he pitied the guy Cas had stolen it from, and he said if the shoe was on the other foot, he’d probably hunt Cas down and kill him, but given the circumstances, he was excited to putter around with it. He and Sam were living in the bunker by then, with a bay full of antique cars and specialty repair equipment. So when time allowed, Dean would give the Continental a tune-up.
CASTIEL
Castiel is blinking slowly, very out of it.
Dean is staring back into the eyes of his half brother, holding the crumpled slip of paper Michael threw at him: The instructions for the Cage spell to trap Chuck. The fire paints his unshaven jaw a warm orange and leaves his eyes in dull shadow.
Poor Benny.
Dean was dazed, blinking, bent forward over the wheel.
CUT TO BLACK
did that,” Eve spits at him. “You two cretins.”
“This is the way you came?” the leviathan asks.
Has Dean changed?
He can’t hear the Impala anymore, so he lifts a hand and beckons, diverting a sheet of rain inwards to douse a corner of the fire. He’s expecting a goodbye, something resentful or guilt-tripping, but Michael and Adam are gone before the smoke has even dissipated.
“Do you know what this
.” His voice is shaking now, too hard for him to stop it. “I just, I have to stop it. I can’t live with this, Cas, I
Dean looks back at the blaze behind them. It’s engulfed half of the Eve tree’s trunk now, flames climbing high. The sky is blankly black, just like every night in this place—no stars, no moon, no satellites. Just a lightless, depthless ceiling over a coal-mine world. The burning tree casts wild orange light dancing on the forest floor. It'll attract the dead like a beacon.
Castiel and Melly stand off to the side with another EMT. Melly also has a blanket around her shoulders. The EMT is putting a blanket around Castiel’s shoulders.
Jostled awake, Cas’s eyes blink open.
Jack raises his eyebrows.
He’s 30.
Castiel swallows bile.
Dean rolls his eyes where it can’t see. “I’m not that stupid,” he says gruffly.
MELLY
Dean lies there on his side, breathing hard.
Melly doesn’t understand. She opens her mouth to ask more questions, but before she can—
Years ago, long before Jack, before the deal with the Empty or the return of Chuck, Castiel got a car of his own. He stole it from a display at an antique car show. He was newly without wings, not yet an expert on crossing Earth by human means. The theft was partly a crime of opportunity, and partly based on Dean’s long diatribes about the inferiority of modern cars, made in the hope that Dean would approve his decision. And partly, it was the Continental itself—the car caught his fancy.
CASTIEL
Castiel picks up the Gameboy.
Caleb and Melly both GASP.
Dean doesn’t take the bait, or turn around. He’s stopped reading. “No, not—” he says after a pause. “I meant, uh...”
I don’t think so.
“Oh,” says Chuck’s voice, louder now, and interested. “Do we have an audience? That’s fun. Give it up, now, Eileen—”
Castiel drops his hand, a little dizzy from the effort. He blinks. Melly looks up at him.
“Dean. Where are we?” His voice is faint and hoarse.
“Cas, when did you come back?” Dean says.
BACK IN THE DREAM:
Melly slides off her blanket and puts it around his shoulders.
They slosh out onto the shore, both shivering. Castiel doesn’t even have enough grace to dry himself off, let alone warm both of them up. Dean doesn’t ask him to, anyway; he never does. “We can split up, cover more ground,” Dean says.
Castiel finally looks at the book, and the spell bowl. There’s a sawed-off bone in the bowl, and a pile of sea salt. He looks back up at Dean, frowning.
It clicks. “Oh,” Dean breathes out. “You weren’t escorting me. You were spying on me. You wanna know where that portal is.”
The portal flickers over the water. “Shit,” Dean mutters. “It’s closing. Cas, buddy, come on.” He shakes him lightly. “Stay with me.”
At last, they reach the waterfall. Dean brings them to a stop at the bottom of it, catching his breath. White fog from the churning water drifts over them in a cloud, painting cool moisture over his aching skin. He looks up into the dark, through the mist. He can’t even see the top. The slightest, dimmest light comes from above—the portal, just beyond.
Are you ready to go fish?
Caleb pulls back his blankets to reveal his bloody ankle.
(gruff)
And it’s like no time has passed, like the last six years was only a day—noxious anxiety floods him, just like every time he lost sight or sound of him in Purgatory the first time, turned around and realized he was gone—or worse, that he and the vampire were both gone. “Dean!” he shouts. His voice echoes on the stone.
(hoarse)
Castiel can hardly hold her gaze. The ones beside Eve scratch at their own arms, breathing heavily. At last the restless energy in the hivemind can’t contain itself—the leviathan behind Dean lashes out, seizing him by the hair. Cas twists around, shouting “No!” It pushes a thumbnail into Dean’s eyelid, pressing until he cries out. “Stop!” Castiel tries to hobble back on his knees—To do what? Bite its kneecaps?—but he’s too far away.
CASTIEL
never changed. Meanwhile, Castiel changed so much that he doesn’t recognize himself as an angel. He doesn’t recognize what he is at all.
“No,” Dean mutters. “I can’t do this.”
“She’s too powerful,” Cas says, voice almost drowned in the noise. He grasps at Dean’s jacket, but his grip is weak. “I—I used up my energy fighting them, I can’t—can’t take her!”
His eyes adjust and he’s got him. “Cas!”
Dean grins, an empty smile. “Hi there. Have we met before?”
Castiel nods.
MELLY
CASTIEL
She takes ahold of the needle in his neck and begins to pull it out.
Castiel’s phone BUZZES. He pulls it out of his pocket.
It’s a short fall into shallow water and the leviathan breaks it. Dean comes up gasping, soaked in icy water, on his knees but still gripping the thing by the front of its jacket. It comes up dazed, a big bloody black hole in the top of its human-looking head. It’s not wearing the same face as it was before—Dean recognizes it, though, and shoves the baleful blue eyes away again—back into the same rock it hit on the way down. He bends over, splashing unsteadily to keep his balance over the prone body, and bashes it, again, into the rock. The rock is slick with black blood and something white and viscous. The face relaxes back into a leviathan—alien, eyeless, needle-toothed. Dead.
Thank you.
A month or more ago, Castiel’s answer might have been different. “No,” he says.
Castiel and Jack exchange a look.
I think we should go look at the lake.
Another rumble, and dirt filters down from above. Dean smells smoke. Trying to be gentle but also trying to work quickly, Dean peels Cas’s coat off of him. Once Cas catches on to what he’s doing, he helps, gritting his teeth as it goes over his bad shoulder. Dean lifts it off. Cas is hunched forward, breathing hard. “Sorry,” Dean mutters again, then swallows before he says it again. Leaving his hand on Cas’s good shoulder for support, he leans in, and gently rests the side of his head against Cas’s temple.
(on phone)
Close your eyes, Melly. This won’t hurt a bit.
“Hey. Hang on, there, would you?”
They step into the river. “Just a little further,” Dean repeats.
Jack smiles. Then he GLITCHES for a second. For a second, his image vanishes, then reappears as if nothing happened.
Wait here a moment.
Something smells burnt. Castiel realizes his coat is still smouldering. He puts it out.
“How are we going to get back out?”
Yeah...
But he's never not thinking of Jack.
“‘Stupid’ would be one word for it,” the leviathan says behind him, following him up the shore. “‘Loyal’ would be another one.”
She stares at Castiel with an open mouth, for a long moment. Then her mouth forms itself into a laugh of some kind—but it’s not amused or hysterical. It’s affronted. The leviathans on either side of her shudder, shifting their feet and scratching their hair. The two behind them breathe heavily.
Um. Thank you.
Caleb?
“What happened?” Dean asks, still holding Cas up, still trying to form a plan.
Alex?
mug crusted with hot chocolate. Whenever he went in, Castiel considered cleaning it up, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
(on phone)
Dean pants, still leaning over it. Then he lets it go with disgust. The water is too shallow here for it to float away. An inky stain spreads in the water around its head.
“Yeah, yeah, hey. Hey. It’s me.”
?” Cas gestures violently at his chewed-up shoulder. “Risking our lives? Gambling with Death? This is more important than rescuing Sam? And Eileen?”
Do you have Sheriff Roy’s card?
CASTIEL
CUT TO BLACK.
Dean blinks, then looks to Cas. “Great customer service,” he comments. “Let’s get out of this river, I’m freezing.”
(to phone)
Castiel lifted his hand to Dean’s forehead, pain lancing through his injured arm. He had only recently recovered his grace, but his stint as a human had made him more aware of pain—it was now more than just a status message about his vessel’s state. Dean’s eyes fluttered shut, a pained expression cutting through the haze. When Castiel touched his temple, he almost flinched.
“He likes that plot, doesn’t He,” Castiel says, voice low.
Castiel EXHALES hoarsely, mouth open.
he thinks.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas says, voice reassuring, eyes still closed. “I understand.”
Where’s Jack?
Dean begins, “It—” then cuts himself off. “You know? Never mind. Why would I defend myself to you, again? You’re a friggin’ leviathan. You eat
She points down at it.
We move slowly through a cramped, damp, blue-lit cave. Moss hangs from the ceiling.
Castiel is blinking. The interior of the cave flashes, suddenly, and the image of Dean in front of him WAVERS.
The smoke rises before them, and the flames above roar loud like a jet engine. Dean reaches over, letting go of Cas for a moment, and opens the trench coat. He lifts it over Cas’s head and injured shoulder like a wing, making Cas duck down against his chest, and grips Cas over his shoulderblades. With his other hand, he pulls the other side of the coat over his own head, and plucks his shirt collar to cover his mouth. “Just stay down!” he yells, muffled. Against his chest, Cas nods.
Has Dean changed?
Melly wipes tears from her eyes.
Dean manages to speak at last: “Don’t be too sure.”
Castiel nods.
I don’t know if it was a ghost. It felt very real. Wait — look.
“Dammit,” he whispers. He exhales, bowing his head, and puts his other hand in his pocket, for symmetry. Then he takes both hands out. They hang anxiously by his side.
THUNK — the sheriff CRIES OUT as an angel blade appears out the front of his throat.
RECEPTIONIST
Castiel opens his mouth, not sure how to respond.
That’s it. Is everything all right with you, Andy?
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but it just turns into a look of disappointment. He shakes his head slowly. He doesn’t understand any of this.
Can’t find Jack? What happened? Where are you?
“Benny Lafitte? Yeah,” the leviathan says, walking on past him. “One of his own kind, I heard.”
Then any casework you have will be fine.
By the time Dean slices its head off, it’s made mincemeat of Castiel’s shoulder and upper chest. The headless body slumps on top of Castiel, lying on his back in the dirt, and he lets out a whimper of pain before he can stop himself. It chewed up the meat of his left shoulder and chewed the flesh over his collarbone and ribcage into ribbons—just skin and muscle, not any organ damage, but it stings white hot and bone deep. Castiel tries to rally, shove the corpse off, but his right arm is weak and his left arm doesn’t respond at all. He lets out another pathetic noise, immediately cursing himself for it. He tips his head back into the dirt, panting. The dark canopy is motionless over him, with just a little gray sky visible beyond. Dean is off moving nearby, apparently oblivious to Cas's state. He might as well be alone.
Castiel squints.
Breathing heavily, Castiel heaves himself upright again. The strain on his abdominal muscles yanks on his torn skin again and he winces—then grits his teeth and holds in the sound. Dean is watching him, eyes sharp with something, but once he’s fully upright, Dean turns away again.
Cas lets go. Dean shoves away and storms off, back into the dark interior of the garage, without looking at Cas.
This might be a real case. Should we call Dean?
Castiel sighs.
Unaccountably embarrassed, he doesn’t look up to see Michael, and instead hurries after Dean. The tornado alarm whines behind them.
RECEPTIONIST
INT. CABIN – KITCHEN. DAY.
Castiel blinks at her, seeming to see her. He squints at her in the dark.
BACK TO:
Soon.
“Think you can walk another—” Dean cranes his neck over the boulder— “10 yards?”
,” says a voice, and Dean and Castiel turn.
He sees Dean, face close and concerned — then Melly.
Castiel sighs and looks back at her.
So Cas waits for him to turn and look back, one last time.
no other way!”
Dean said to him once, sometime in their Apocalypse year. What that really meant, Castiel eventually learned, was that
They both look at her. Melly explains to Cas:
“Yeah,” Cas croaks.
MELLY
Castiel’s hand lights up — then it FLASHES once, twice, and the light DIMS.
He looks up at the portal, bright in the night but growing dimmer. Cas’s grip goes slack, as his fingers unlink at Dean’s shoulder and he drifts back into unconsciousness—dead weight in Dean’s arms again. Dean hefts him up again, securing his grip. Then he steps through the portal to begin the long journey home through the dark.
And then... we’ll go fishing.
Jack approaches.
“Pretty much.” Dean checks for the elevator. It still hasn’t arrived. “We’re bulletproof, baby.”
Cas gazes up at him sadly. He finishes the last symbol and stands, wiping his hands off on his coat. Dean pours in the salt, and then takes out the little envelope Castiel gave him hours earlier, containing a few strands of his hair twisted together with a few strands of Jack’s. He holds the envelope for a moment, balanced by the corners between two fingers and his thumb—hardly touching it. Then he notices Cas watching, and quickly drops the envelope into the bowl. He digs something else out of his pocket, and hands it to Cas.
Castiel looks over to where Jack was tied up. He's gone. Instead, he sees the young woman.
Up ahead, Jack notices something — a figure.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I just — I had to come out and look. I didn’t know what else to do.
I will. You let me know. Okay, Cam.
And I’ll just need a little more to put you back. And then I’ll take care of Melly and her little boy...
CASTIEL
Castiel looks up and sees that Andy is frowning down at his phone.
Do you know when the sheriff will be back?
I’m sorry, I have to pull this out.
Jack?
Back at the bunker in western Kansas, it’s a clear, sunny afternoon. The war room and library are empty; Castiel walks down the inner hallway, passing Jack’s closed door, and at the end finds Dean in 7B. He’s bent over a card table holding a thick leather-bound spellbook, with a bronze bowl set beside it. His phone lies on top of the book, screen black, holding down the slip of paper with the spell on it. Dean glances up when Cas comes in, then goes back to the book, tracing a finger along the line he’s reading.
They’re standing on what looks, to Dean and the vampire’s eyes, like the slick shore of a wide, black river in an underground canyon. Overhead, the cave walls disappear up into darkness. The coal-black rock looks slippery and striated—layers of different textures revealed by millions of years of erosion, but not smoothed. Something like lichen grows on the surface, in shades of red and brown. At the bottom, the black river flows. Castiel looks at the reaper, focusing his vision until he sees its true form, and then he looks around at the space again. It’s nothing—this manifestation is entirely unreal, the product of millions of years of layered expectations. Only the river is real. It’s wide and deep and uniform. The water is clear, completely clear, but there’s nothing underneath, so it’s black. A lump forms in Castiel’s human throat. The reaper floats down to the edge, leading the specter of the vampire behind it. Then it pauses—waiting for them. Dean’s fingers brush the sleeve of his coat and Cas resets his sight to the manifestation. In all the times he’s died, he never retained the memories of his journeys to the afterlife. He doesn’t want to see this for what it really is.
"God dammit," she mutters, red-eyed and tear-tracked.
"No you're not."
"I don't know, isn't that usually how it goes with us?" Dean says, rubbing at his forehead, already feeling the anger drain out of him. He means it as a kind of tension-diffusing joke, but it just comes out tired, and Castiel isn't laughing. "Look, just, please don't worry about me. Things got pretty bad, but… you know, you're back now. Problem solved." Dean looks anywhere but at her, wishing he could just shut the door on this topic forever, but Cas just keeps staring at him. When she gets laser-focused like this, it's easy to remember she used to burn peoples' eyes out of their skulls pretty regularly.
Dean puts down his drink and maneuvers so that his arm is draped over Charlie's back, and that leaves it so she can tuck her head under his chin. After a minute of getting his breathing under control, enjoying it while trying not to be a total chick-flick about it, he asks, "The fuck is meatspace?"
Dean clears his throat, flushing. "Look, uh, I'm not— you're not putting me out. You can borrow my clothes all you want. Mi casa, su casa, y'know?"
Cas walks in when he's grimacing through his third sip, still dressed down to his shirt and slacks. He's not even wearing shoes, Dean notices now. He freezes mid-motion.
"Yeah, I guess you're right."
"Does being a prophet give him, like, special stealth powers?"
Castiel breathes out shakily, her voice strained. "I wish his first day on Earth hadn't been so… so violent. So full of loss. It must have been so difficult for him."
," Charlie says.
"But yeah, uh, Sam's back now, so I guess we're gonna eat and hit the sack. If we can catch up with the vamps tomorrow morning, we might be back before the day's out."
"I can honestly say I haven't give it much thought, Dean," Sam says, looking like he's about to ask Dean if there's anything else he wants to admit to, and Dean doesn't want to give him the satisfaction, so he climbs inside the car and turns the music up before Sam can open his pinched little mouth again.
Okay, so it needs a little TLC. There's less dust than Dean might have expected for a place that's been abandoned for fifty years, but the guys who used to live here probably intended to return and eat the food they left behind before they disappeared off the face of the earth. The food has now, unfortunately for him, transformed into an unrecognizable black sludge caking the shelves of the fridge. Dean waits until day two to tackle that particular project with a box of heavy duty garbage bags from the hardware store, a bottle of bleach, and a gas mask he found in a closet. Once it's all clean, though, and with the power switched back on, the fridge is, miraculously, in working order. It's a perfect complement to the gas range stove. Dean's gonna be able to
The thing about Lebanon is that it's about one square mile, and the only market in town isn't exactly fully stocked. They're also cash-only, which is good for staying unnoticed if they end up staying here awhile, but bad for Dean's dwindling pool fund. Dean won't turn his nose up, though, because the beef is local and looks kinda fucking amazing. He gets some essentials and the stuff he needs for a good burger and plans to make the hour-long trek out to the nearest Walmart some other time.
"What's to explain?" Rowena scoffs. "A little pinch here, a little dab there, all freely given, and not a drop of that power will ever be missed! I'm not harming anyone!"
"You can leave it on," he says. He likes himself better when it's on. He doesn't really care if that makes him look like a PG-13 sex scene on daytime TV. Mina looks at him curiously, but she doesn't push him on it.
Great hook, you got me right from the opener. Say more words now.
"Dean," Cas sighs. His fingers trail over the sharp line of Dean's jaw. Dean feels like he's burning up from the inside out.
"Sam, you mind if I check out your setup?" Charlie points at the laptop. "I promise I won't go through your browser history."
"Dean," Cas starts, but Dean just grabs the bottle up from the pavement, staggering back towards the building.
"Better luck next time, man," the employee says.
"You were already pretty," she says, snorting. "Kinda funny."
He sighs, his shoulders sinking.
, wants to gorge himself upon him. How could he say anything but yes?
He feels Cas easing him to the bed distantly, and there's a tickling sensation on his brow. Castiel's grace tingles over his skin, leaving him feeling clean and refreshed. Then Cas is with him again, pulling the covers up and crowding up behind him, curling an arm over his stomach. Dean dozes off that way, light and untroubled, Castiel's steady body against his back.
Dean sneaks a glance at Charlie. She's looking at him like he just told her he took a dump in her shoes or something.
"Jesus, Cas." He grips Castiel's hand tightly where it rests on his shoulder, too overwhelmed to look up and put a face to the bare desperation in his voice. "Why didn't you say something?"
goes unspoken.
"I fooled around with—
" she says with a lifted brow, "want a drink right about now."
When Dean slides, warm and drowsy, back into consciousness, they've shifted. Dean is on his back, one arm tucked under his pillow, the other tingling and cold because Cas is cutting off his circulation. He shifts, groaning, feeling the prickling sensation of his fingers waking up.
"Only how lucky he is to have a far superior male role model in his life now," Rowena says, batting her eyelashes.
"Oh, you know. Babysitting. Getting babysat. Tit for tat." Dean gestures at her hair. "You, uh, you do that with a machete or something?"
"I can't," Dean croaks.
Rowena shouts, one last powerful cry, and the shell shatters, falling away. The light bursts, then dies, and the room falls into a darkness so complete Dean wonders if he's been blinded. Then things begin to take shape again, dim, gray forms Dean can almost make out.
Like I'm kinda going to my happy place thinking about LadyKirk and Gaila getting their freak on
If Dean didn't have this job, these responsibilities, if he weren't a legally dead former star of
Two years ago he'd watched Cas sink into a river, watched him be devoured and all that was left of him wash away, and he'd thought,
Castiel closes his eyes, breathing heavily.
CASTIEL
“Wow,” Dean says, and there’s a little laugh in his voice. “Sweet. You found it.” He looks up at Cas, smiling at him. It’s the first time in a while.
Dean frowns just slightly at her.
Cas? What happened? Cas? CAS!
Forcing the words out isn’t hard—it’s impossible. This is intolerable. He thought the numbness of the last few months was bad, living in one locked room in his head—but this is so much worse. It feels like the floorboards inside him are cracking under his feet, and the darkness below is deeper than any he’s ever seen.
He climbs up a dirt embankment, and the rapids come into view, too much white water skating over a shallow bed of sharp rocks. The leviathan raises its voice to be heard over the noise:
“It’s not a matter of stopping you,” Michael says. He shrugs Adam’s shoulders. “If He allows you to go, it’s because He wills it.”
It’s a lot of people to disappear in one little town.
(on phone)
“Very original,” Dean says. He raises his voice: “You write that one yourself, Chuck?” It echoes back to him off the high walls.
MELLY’S HUSBAND
Panic, instinctive and adrenalized, washes through Castiel. It dissipates almost immediately. In its wake, only dark embers of sadness remain. It’s over. Not for himself—not because Dean walked out without him—but because he walked out alone.
he tells himself as he secures Cas’s arm over his shoulder again.
By the bulletin board, Jack gazes up at the flyers. Among flyers for local events, there are a lot of missing persons flyers. Jack spots one for ALEX GREGORY, the missing teen. He pulls it down and examines it. We recognize his face from the cave earlier.
According to this, the dock should be at the end of this trail...
“You—you want
Sheriff Roy nods at them.
Castiel hangs up the phone, still standing in Caleb’s campsite.
Cas really isn’t as heavy as he looks. Okay—no, he is. Much heavier. Dean digs one arm under Cas’s knees while the other cradles his shoulders, hissing exaggeratedly with the effort of standing up. Unbidden, the memory of carrying his body to the pyre in Oregon rises in his mind. Dean swallows something dark in his throat. Cas feels less heavy. “How’s that? Just a—just a little further. Then we’ll—take the rowboat home and we’ll—get you some rest.”
It’s a napkin. Cas cleans his hands as best he can.
Andy hangs up. He takes out his keys and begins to unlock the door.
Before he can retort, they hear a snapping stick. Dean curses, and then something hits Cas in the back of the head and he knows no more.
After another moment, Dean looks away, back at the spellbook. He still needs the hair from Jack’s room, but it’s clear that out of guilt or denial or stubbornness, he isn’t going to go get it himself. Castiel leaves to go get it. Going into Jack’s room is hard for him, but he can do it.
Fishing is supposed to be meditative, I’m told. I can’t say I find it very relaxing myself.
TRANSITION TO:
“How did you get back in?” Cas says, following the same line of thought.
Eventually, Castiel sits up, leaning on his good hand, facing away from Dean. In front of him, the leviathan blossom still sits placidly in the middle of the empty ribcage. Cas breathes heavily.
Hello?
“Listen,” Dean said testily, turning towards Cas to begin a lecture, but Cas grabbed his arm and barked “Dean!” as the taillights right in front of them lit up red—too close, of course, because Dean was too close—and Dean slammed on the brakes but not fast enough. With a sharp bang, loud like a gunshot but somehow broader, the Continental struck the other car. They both pitched forward sharply, held back only by lap belts. No airbags deployed. Castiel, with his superhuman reaction time, caught himself on the dashboard, instantly spraining the tendons in his wrists and arms. He sat back up. The car was no longer moving. Red blinkers pulsed in front of them. “Dean?”
Melly, holding her son (CALEB, 12) in the corner of the cave, watches with eyes full of fear.
Dean is clearly fighting the urge to do something—his fists are clenching and unclenching, and his eyes dart down to the sides, as if looking for something. Before he can figure out what, Castiel is circling around the flames to stop him, his footsteps drowned in the sound of the rain.
“I’m okay,” Cas says at length. Dean makes a skeptical noise.
How — but you —
“You did,” Castiel says.
Castiel walks quickly down the slope, flashlight in hand.
(upset)
CASTIEL
“You’re so helpful, Sam,” Chuck says, muffled. “Now sit still. This won’t hurt a bit.”
I’m grateful you did.
It isn’t that Dean doesn’t care about him. It’s that Chuck has blotted out everything else. He’s going to keep on walking towards Chuck, Castiel realizes now, shedding the people he loves one by one, until he’s alone.
“Cas.” Dean nudges him, and he makes a small noise—alive, but not doing well. For another moment, Dean stares at the blaze, mesmerized. Then, a long whine of pain comes from deep underground, muffled by the earth.
Cas opens his mouth, starting to say something—but Dean motions for him to keep quiet.
She looks up at him over her glasses.
His voice ECHOES.
Castiel swallows a stupid urge to defend Dean. He thinks of Jack, two black wings burned onto the cemetery grass.
Castiel looks at her. She nods towards Jack.
Melly Krokowski. From the day that woman graced us with her presence, it's always something... too much fluoride in the water, too much noise from the high school football games, not enough cleanup at the lake.
in this place was always the hard part. Kindling, kindling, he needs something that will catch—aha. Dean digs the brown paper bag out of his pocket, dumps the blossom out, puts it back in his pocket, and starts tearing the paper bag into strips. He twists the strips up and folds them in half, the way his dad taught him to start a campfire. Then he snaps the twigs into pieces and props them on top of the paper in a little pyramid, and with his lighter, lights the paper’s edges. It takes immediately. As the flame grows from the kindling to the pyramid, he snaps the larger sticks down to size, and starts adding them on.
CUT TO:
Melly and Caleb cover their eyes—
It’s an overcast day on the quaint main street of a small town. It’s early — the street is deserted, and the lights in the bait & tackle shop are off. CASTIEL walks across the street.
(afraid)
“Oh, is that ‘all’?” the reaper says, biting. She mutters something and turns away, pressing a finger to her ear. Castiel blinks again, tuning out of Dean’s frequency to see what it’s really doing. Its true form hovers and morphs like a malicious cloud, then stills. Light pulses from inside the cloud, like little lightning strikes—signals that Castiel can’t eavesdrop on.
Not enough juice.
CASTIEL
In a moment. Castiel considers asking him how freedom feels, after all this time. “Where will you go?” he asks instead.
They start with a stack of folders.
Dean glares at him. “Chuck wouldn’t let that happen,” he finally says.
A young man, ALEX GREGORY (19) is unconscious, tied up by his wrists to the ceiling. His face is bruised, and he has a needle in his neck, connected to a tube of glowing blue liquid. Next to him, a YOUNG WOMAN (20s) is tied in the same way.
It’s all her—and they’re attacking her from inside and out.
Then the blast hits Eve’s tentacles, and she makes another horrible noise. Temporarily blinded, Dean stumbles forward with his hands out, trying to find Cas—“Cas!”
Eve waits, and, hearing nothing, considers the bag instead. She slouches back, slinging a leg over the arm of her throne, and holds the bag up, as if it’s a bunch of grapes she’s about to take a bite from.
Castiel grits his teeth, rallying his strength. The light steadies, and with a quiet CRUNCH, Caleb’s bone knits back together and his skin heals over.
All turn. MELLY’S HUSBAND is there.
something going wrong in there.
He claws backwards until he finds the leviathan’s hair and yanks it forward with all his strength, bringing its head forward enough to throw it off balance. Then Castiel’s foot slips on a slick root and they both tumble forward—the leviathan throws itself over him, and Castiel grabs its neck from below before it can go for Dean. With a grunt and a snarl they roll over and then Castiel brings them to a stop with the leviathan’s neck on top of a thick root, and jams both hands under its chin, shoving upward and snapping its neck over the root with a sickening
They must have closed the exit so he couldn’t escape.
“Dammit,” he mutters, descending the slope and walking along the shore, looking for Dean in the trees.
Thank you.
You stay away from us!
You’re awful young for the FBI, aren’t you, son?
“Can you heal it?” Dean asks.
“Sure,” the guy says again. “I’ve heard of him. He was the one who hitched a ride out the human portal with you, wasn’t he? Rumor has it he rubbed off on you.”
“Okay, okay!” Dean snaps back, frustrated. He takes the blossom, and after a second, Cas hears the crinkle of the brown paper bag. “I was just trying to help, calm down.”
Castiel nods again.
Dean says nothing. He walks on.
That’s right.
“I’m sorry,” Cas murmurs.
CASTIEL
MELLY
Melly POV. She finishes untying Cas’s hands.
“So I send reinforcements, and what do I discover?” Eve says. She points with a finger that ends in a long, ragged nail. “The wretched pair of stowaways we spent the better part of a year trying to exterminate before they slipped out of our grasp.”
(with interest)
The holy fire burned him on the leg, on the outer side of his calf, and through the burnt hole in the denim Castiel can see a red, angry wound. Castiel’s own anger mixes with the urge to heal it, but obstinacy wins out. “That was incredibly stupid. Michael was baiting you." Cas gestures furiously back out the glass. “You shouldn’t have tried to attack him. He can still
But she flicks a finger, unprompted, and leviathan grabs him from behind again. Two others move up the aisle to help. One stays to hold Cas back as he struggles. They just kick him this time, into the dirt, kick him in the ribs and the torso until Eve gets bored. Dean grunts, but doesn’t cry out. Eventually they withdraw.
He’s fidgety, still on the comedown from the fight against Eve’s oily tin soldiers, and nauseous from some unknown cause—he hasn’t eaten or slept, that’s probably why. Plus his eye hurts like a bitch. Exhaustion is on the horizon, after a long day and night and day of going, going, going. All he can do now is look at the finish line.
CASTIEL
Dazed on the ground, Cas lifts his head. “Dean?” he says again. He looks like he doesn’t quite believe it.
The light doesn’t turn on.
Yes. That’s why we’re here. We’re... with the FBI.
“You’re not worried about that?” Cas says. “Did you try calling him?”
Jack!
Cas leans forward, trying to see him. His eyes look dead.
of you.” Her voice drips with sarcasm.
Dean swallows. He looks up through the trees, appealing to the gray sky.
Alex.
The dock is occupied by several uniformed Sheriff’s Department officers, and there’s a diver in the water. Crime tape divides the dock from the public. A few bystanders watch.
CASTIEL
Cas looks at him for a moment.
CALEB
She clutches Caleb to her chest.
EXT. WOODS. DAY.
They stop at a trailhead. Castiel lowers the map.
The door slams shut behind him, echoing down the concrete stairwell. Cas is left alone with the sound of the rain and the flickering fluorescent light. The rain is quieter in here, a distant roar like a waterfall.
I hope not.
INT. DARK CAVE - UNKNOWN. NIGHT.
In the vaulted space above Eve’s altar, where the roots of the tree should be growing, there’s a massive snarl of thick tentacles, swarming and grasping downward. Some are thick as tree trunks, and others as thin as snakes. The light illuminates the altar, the little silver pool, and the dead body of “Eve”—the yellow-aproned diner waitress, eyes burnt out beside the pool—but of course, she’s not really dead.
Castiel shakes his head.
Jack and Castiel walk down the grassy slope. Jack carries the fishing gear, and Castiel is holding the unfolded map, reading it like a newspaper. He frowns at it.
(pointing)
“This says we need a ‘leviathan blossom,'” Dean says. He has to speak loudly to be heard over the rain. “What the hell is that?”
EXT. LAKESIDE. DAY.
Honey, it’s only been a few hours. He’ll turn up.
“Exit 34,” Cas said, exhaling angrily. “In 6.4 miles.”
(smiling)
“Don’t make me laugh,” the vampire kid says. “What’s this really about?”
MALE VOICE
Caleb?
Caleb! Your mom is worried about you. Are you lost? We’re here to help.
Castiel stands up.
“So long as God allows it,” Michael says.
Wincing, he lifts his head, and feels Cas motionless under his arm. He feels him breathing. In the dancing firelight, he can see the side of Cas’s face—no burns.
CASTIEL
Cas grunts quietly.
The call cuts off.
“But we underestimated you, Winchester. I guess we forgot—you don’t mind stepping on the necks of your friends to get where you want to go.”
Jack turns around, giving Castiel an open-handed shrug. Castiel tilts his head and raises his eyebrows.
Caleb’s dad gathers him up in a hug. Then Melly hugs them both, wrapping her arms around her husband’s shoulders.
Melly! You startled me.
“Just a little further,” Dean says, glad to be done lying for morale. “I gotcha.”
“...Yeah,” he says after a pause.
Yeah, the fish can be smart. I’d switch up spots.
He closes his eyes. He doesn’t regret returning from his self-imposed exile. He doesn’t.
CASTIEL
“Okay,” he whispers, mostly to himself. “Still open. We can do this. Just a little bit further.”
Away from the noise and confusion at Eve’s core, Cas seems to come back to himself a little. “They didn’t want me, they wanted the location of the portal,” Cas pants. “Well, they wanted me, but—”
CASTIEL
DEAN (O.S.)
FBI? So you aren’t here on vacation?
I called the sheriff’s department. But I knew they — well, I knew they weren’t going to take me seriously, so I came down myself. And I found Caleb. His ankle was broken, but he told me that he saw you getting dragged away... So we went looking for you.
You and I talked at the sheriff’s office this morning, and you said you’d help me. Then a few hours later, you called me, saying you had found Caleb’s campsite... but he wasn’t there.
The phone RINGS.
CASTIEL
Dean’s hand stills on the book, then his finger taps lightly against the page. “Oh,” he says. He goes on not looking up. “Yeah. Didn’t think of that.”
SHERIFF ROY
Yes. I think so.
Melly looks worried.
I’m gonna get you two out of here.
Djinn tattoos now visible on his face and bald head.
CASTIEL
Dean’s heart pounds as he looks around. They’re dead—that means Cas smoked them. He got the juice, somehow. He’s alive. Still kicking.
Dean tries to help him sit up, but Castiel shakes him off. He hears Dean inhale as his hand comes away slick with blood. “Shit.”
Castiel glances at Jack. He looks back at Melly with his bland smiling lie face.
Good. I got everything we need. Andy said we should try a new spot.
“What is it?” Cas says.
“Wow, they almost got us, there, Cas—whoa.” Dean stops short, seeing Castiel roll over and heave into the dirt. He pukes up the bile and water in his stomach. “Whoa, whoa, Cas, what’s wrong?”
DEAN (O.S.)
Jack stands up and takes the jar to the railing. He carefully unscrews the lid and the bug crawls out onto the railing. He looks at it with interest. Castiel watches Jack fondly.
We’d like to take a look at the body.
Castiel doesn’t seem to notice.
They reach the entryway. Dean disappears into the dark. He doesn’t turn.
Castiel looks around, then SIGHS, coming to a decision. He hands her the flashlight.
Three of them—a surprise attack. The leviathan wastes no time, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s neck and gripping his throat with its other hand, digging its fingers into his windpipe. If Castiel was stronger, more his old self and not a prisoner of this body, the lack of oxygen would not slow him down. He would slow his respiration and make the oxygen already available in his vessel’s blood last longer, and wherever hypoxia took hold, he would heal it later. He could fight until there was no air left in his lungs, and no blood left in his body, just as long as he could still get electrical impulses to his vessel’s limbs. But not anymore. His body is closer to human and he is closer to human and he is weak and lonesome and almost hopeless. The leviathan presses down on his windpipe, and the edges of his vision are going black, the same smoky curtains as the ones the reaper parted for them.
“CAS!” he shouts again.
Mom, I already have one.
Cas closes his eyes and nods with confidence.
Dean.
Jack wanders over to the bulletin board.
Nothing.
Cas breathes heavily.
The leviathan behind him suddenly grabs him by the scruff of his coat. Before Castiel has a chance to brace himself, it drags him forward, down the dirt aisle. He thrashes in his bonds, friction hot under his knees, until it throws him down in front of Eve.
“Thought I could use some of Mary’s hair plus mine, but I couldn’t find her hairbrush,” Dean says, voice gruffly blank. He’s in a phase of never mentioning her, and, if she comes up, pretending she was never resurrected. “It’s not here. So we’re SOL for that. Any ideas?”
Dean, something’s wrong. I can’t find Jack.
Meanwhile, the vampire wakes up. Or rather, its spirit rises from its corpse, which is still lying with a bone through the neck. The spirit looks just like the boy, but translucent, immaterial. It looks down at itself in disgust, then up at Castiel.
He looks away from her. The weight of his words mostly goes over her head, but she frowns sadly, and adjusts the blanket over his shoulders in a mom-like way.
(more distant)
Dean hesitates. “No.”
That gets her attention.
MELLY
It’s possible.
Cas wraps his other arm around Dean’s back, clasping his hands together over Dean’s shoulder and leaning his head near Dean’s collarbone. Dean’s chin bumps the top of his head. “There you go,” Dean says, hefting his grip tighter under Cas’s shoulderblades. He can make it a few more yards.
Nothing.
CALEB
Castiel ventures a reply: “We weren’t—”
They found a body. They think it might be Alex. It looks like he drowned.
The last thing he wants is to be alone with his thoughts. “You meet many vamps in this great land?” he asks his leviathan escort.
Outside, the tunnel is writhing, and almost too tight for both of them to squeeze through. The root-tentacles grasp at them desperately but weakly, too hysterical and disorganized. Dean grimaces in disgust, unable to shrink away.
Castiel DECLINES the call.
EXT. LAKESIDE. NIGHT.
MELLY (O.S.)
There’s something else he has to do before he leaves this place.
“You know... take the blossom,” Eve says. “What do I care? You, Dean, you have something I want. We can make a trade.”
“You know perfectly well why I had to leave,” Castiel says, closing his eyes because he doesn’t want to see Dean’s face when he says it.
Castiel lifts the hems of the blanket in his hands, looking at it — then leaves it on. Melly is talking to him:
Hey Cas. It’s Sam. I don’t know where you are right now, but Chuck is back — give us a call.
“What I just
Next message begins. Castiel turns his back on the ambulance, looking out over the lake. Wide shot as he listens to the next message:
Outside the circle, the world comes to a halt. The light breeze outside falls silent, and the trees stop swaying. The blood dripping from the throats of the dead vampires stops; drifting dust stops in its path. As the vampire falls silent, light begins to stop too, on its journey from objects to their eyes; hue drains from the orange glow on the floor, and then the glow itself drains away, and darkness tunnels in, like they’ve been hit on the head.
CASTIEL
Eve herself wears the same appearance she did all those years ago on Earth—presumably for Dean’s benefit—of a dark-haired, heavy-browed young woman. She even wears the diner waitress apron. It’s stained with dirt and blood. Castiel tries to unveil his eyes to get a glimpse of her true form, but she eludes his gaze, like a mirage on the highway that turns out to be a real puddle. He suspects what they see is not her true body at all, but a projection, or a shapeshifting limb.
Cause of death was drowning. I had to guess, he was drunk.
The sound of an engine rumbles from a few floors below them.
Jack stops. Castiel stops too, and turns to see Jack pointing into the trees.
MELLY
Eventually, a white pinprick of light appears at the end of the river.
“We still need the Leviathan blossom. This is the spell to get it.”
“It grows in Purgatory,” Michael says, his back to Castiel. Thunder rumbles, and a gust of wind flaps Castiel’s coat around his legs.
me?” Chuck says, in mock fear. His voice sharpens: “You don’t have it in you, Dean—didn’t last time, won’t this time.”
He secures Cas’s arm over his shoulders again, and drags him over the riverbed. They go over a bump in the territory and Cas hisses, suppressing a gasp of pain because he’s strong like that, and Dean apologizes again—“Sorry, I got you, sorry.” He wants to keep saying it, he wants to stop himself from saying it—he doesn’t even have the right to Cas’s forgiveness and it’s not his place for him to ask for it. Cas politely refrains from giving it. Dean is grateful for that. So maybe he’s battered and bruised like he’s been through it; he is still the immovable seawall, and Dean’s finally crashed into him. He followed the lighthouse and he hit the shore. The boat stops here.
The water rushes into the tops of his boots. It’s frigid, and heavy. Pins and needles dance painfully over the burns on his ankles. On the next step Dean stumbles, but manages not to fall.
Jack turns around.
Morning, Clarence.
(a quote from a movie about a rodent), he was not taking his own advice. He told Cas to navigate, but Cas was more focused on how Dean was speeding and tailgating his way down the highway. “You need to slow down, Dean, you’re going to hurt someone,” he said as another truck moved out of the left lane so Dean could hurtle past it. “Or damage the car.” Dean ignored him and asked him again what exit they were supposed to be going to?
“Cas?” he calls out cautiously.
The tornado siren wails.
Behind him, Eve exhales.
CASTIEL
Castiel takes it, and takes out his phone, and dials.
The leviathan snarls, finally sick of the foreplay, and its facial features collapse into a vortex of teeth. Fury overtakes desperation—Dean plants his feet in the dirt and shoves off, and they plunge over the edge, into the river.
Castiel doesn’t look up, instead reaching for more blood from the puddle around the vampire’s sneakers. He pulls it to the edge of the circle, drawing the Enochian letter to match the diagram he memorized in Dean’s book.
Castiel looks up at him. But before he can answer —
When Dean looks at him, raising his eyebrows impatiently, Cas shakes his head.
“Come on, almost there,” he mutters to Cas, who’s panting into his ear. “Just a little further, I got you.”
Then the photos are tacked up around the map, and Castiel is drawing Xs around the lake, holding one file up for reference. Jack reads another file.
SHERIFF ROY
Andy walks behind the counter while Castiel picks out some bait and supplies from the display racks.
The ghost?
It’s Cas who’s in bad shape. Dean hasn’t seen him this messed up in a long time, and it’s scary. In his mind, Cas is immovable, the seawall that the storm breaks against. But the Cas he’s currently half-dragging across the monster zone with is a beat-up, bloody pulp barely stuffed into Dean’s jacket. The further they walk, the less he talks. “Just a little bit further, Cas,” Dean keeps muttering, even though Cas has mostly stopped answering. By the time they get to the river, he hardly seems conscious.
Is that Dean?
Eve looks down on him, disgust and pity on her face.
Finally, the tears start.
“That’s it,” he says, breathing hard. “Come on. Just a little further.”
“Did you hit your head?” Cas prompted.
TRANSITION TO:
The call is from Eileen’s cell.
Cas opens his hands, uncomprehending and upset. It feels like he’s talking to a brick wall instead of to Dean. “While we sit here, he’s hurting Sam—probably torturing him—”
The roar of water is quieter, finally, and there’s light—the portal. Hovering over the dark surface of the river, no more than 20 yards away. It’s flickering, but still open. Dean pants with relief.
Castiel nods understandingly. She stands up and walks away to talk on the phone.
Cas drops to his knees with a splash and he’s so dazed he doesn’t even catch himself, he just tips towards the water. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, okay—” Dean levers him back by the shoulders, but his momentum goes the other way, backwards, and Dean has to catch his back. “Cas! Hey. Buddy?”
He noticed that it was gone sometime between the fire and the river. But it doesn’t matter.
It’s only twenty yards. The work of ten minutes on a good day.
On the bench beside him in the little boat, Dean hunches into himself. The reason for the neon vest reveals itself before Dean can ask again—other boats come into view in the distance, each paddled over the dark water by a brightly dressed reaper. His slight desire for conversation seems to have extinguished anyway. The stone cavern moves by, and then dissipates, until they’re just floating down a river, featureless except for the other boats, all of them too distant to make out. Dean huddles closer, his leg and shoulder pressing into Cas for warmth. The sensation that he could dissolve into the nothingness is so strong that Castiel leans back against him, trying to ground himself. Everything inside him aches with the wrongness of their presence here. He glances at Dean to see tears streaming down his face. Dean doesn’t seem to know it’s happening; he’s watching the water. Castiel touches his own cheek. It’s wet too. No, Castiel doesn’t remember any of his trips to the afterlife, but he does remember the Empty, and now he thinks of Jack traveling there, alone. He closes his eyes. He wishes he could fall into the river and sink into the darkness and dissolve into nothing, and never see the Earth or speak to anyone or feel a thing ever again.
His phone FALLS to the ground, screen still lit.
Agent Worley!
Cas, should we look into it?
CASTIEL
But Dean, apparently, isn’t in an arguing mood. Abruptly, neither is Cas. “Then—what now?" Cas says. "We can’t just leave him—them—there. They helped us, they gave us the spell to trap Chuck.”
CASTIEL
It’s sunset. Two ambulances are parked by the edge of the woods. Alex, still alive, is being loaded into one on a stretcher.
Dean is in midair, being thrown into a tree by one of the two remaining leviathans. Cas grabs the distracted one by the shoulders from behind and throws it forward with all his strength. It bodyslams the nearest tree, skewered through the torso on a broken branch. It’s not deep enough to kill it, but it needs a minute to pull itself free. Dean is recovering himself, and the last leviathan is looking between the two of them, grinning wide.
“I’m getting that,” Dean says flatly. “I don’t need help to find my way back from here.”
And next to her is Castiel, tied by his wrists and unconscious, syringe in his neck.
Castiel breathes for a moment before hoisting himself up on his knees. Dean is kneeling beside him, hands also tied. Castiel’s eyes are drawn to the walls, where the roots are as thick as a tapestry. It feels like he was here before, a long, long time ago—like these are memories from childhood, as if he’d ever been a child. His eyes move around the space, taking in each new detail not as something new, but as confirmation of these sourceless memories.
CASTIEL
Then it dies down as quickly as it flared up, and Dean is still pushing back on Cas, furious.
Dean doesn’t even think. His feet move and he’s suddenly grabbing the leviathan by the lapels of its jacket, throwing it against the nearest tree. It’s a young hemlock, growing just on the edge of the dirt bank over the riverbed, and the thin trunk bends dangerously under their combined weight.
“Well?” Cas barks, raising two hands in a fighting stance. “What are you waiting for?”
The mother of monsters waits at the base of the aisle, sitting on a tangled mound of roots. Though they’re at least 10 meters apart, her voice is crisp in their ears. At Eve’s feet is a puddle of silver water, smooth as glass. She’s flanked by four leviathans, two on each side. Two more stand behind Dean and Castiel. They seem relaxed, but at attention, like they're ready for any threat, but don’t consider their prisoners to be one.
MELLY
EXT. SIMMZY’S BAIT AND TACKLE. DAY.
It crescendos into a shriek, and then with a deafening noise, a crack splits the side of the tree. Dean throws his arm up to shield his face from the rain of sparks. “Whoa!”
Yes. No. It’s a... team-building retreat. Jack is my... protégé.
Dean finally opens his eyes and looks back, up the river towards the falls, and then glances down at the mangled body in the shallow water. Mistake.
MELLY
Can you help me find my son?
He continues not to look up as Cas approaches, to read what Dean’s reading. Cross-referencing Michael’s spell, perhaps, though that’s not really like him. Castiel comes around the table behind Dean to read over his shoulder. He puts his hands in his pockets and clenches them into fists to divert some unknown tension. He’s expecting a rebuke or a sharp comment from Dean, but instead he gets only a brief glance. The silence is an unexpected relief. Instead of reading, Castiel’s eyes fall on Dean, the sliver of his profile he can see, his ear, the short hair right behind it. His hand, braced flat on the open book.
“Well, I did,” Dean says.
SHERIFF ROY
Dean pulls himself to his feet.
He turns away from Cas, listening with the phone pressed into his ear and a frown on his face. Cas can hear it—no one replies, but there’s a shuffling sound of fabric, and then a distant, muffled yelp of pain.
CALEB
“I know I let you down,” he says, voice cracking. “It’s not the first time. I know you won’t ever forgive me—and you shouldn’t. I ain’t never gonna forgive myself either,” he says.
He pulls the flower out of his pocket and presses it into Cas’s hands.
I... Who knows how long I would have stayed down there. You and Caleb saved me.
Dean keeps walking.
Castiel blinks, blearily, and opens his eyes.
“Some friend he is,” Eve comments. Her remaining leviathans shuffle restlessly, settling down again. “Did you think he’d give you up that easily?”
“What? You want to go to Purgatory? Aren’t we going to save Sam and Eileen?”
to calm down?” Castiel says, breathing heavily.
“Cas.”
Cas frowns, eyes closed. “We stopped moving.”
“Oh, your heart’s not even it,” she says pityingly. “Just repeats from you, then?”
How was it?
Castiel turns, but not fast enough. A dark silhouette rears up behind him, and HITS him, knocking him out.
The sliding glass back door is ajar. Outside, woods and a porch railing are visible.
She kicks the blossom towards him on the floor. Then she puts a hand out, and rests it on top of Castiel’s head.
After he’d healed Dean’s concussion, and then his own muscle sprain, and they were standing out in front of the car, Dean snapped at him, “You distracted me.” Cas didn’t want to fight with Dean in this state, but he felt bereft looking at the bent fender and ruined grille. He stayed silent and wiped the other driver’s memory and they drove off with their bent fender and met Sam and the demon who said he had a cure. It was a lie; they killed the demon. Dean didn’t apologize to Cas, and in fact told Sam their fender bender was Cas’s fault. But some weeks later, after Dean was finally cured from the Mark, and after Cas was cured from Rowena’s spell, he found his car in the garage with the front fender repaired.
Deeper in the woods, the trees grow taller, with canopies so distant and thick they blot out most of the sky. It’s getting dimmer, and it could be because of the denser trees, or it could be dusk, it’s impossible to tell. He doesn’t know exactly what he’s searching for in here—someplace quiet, someplace that will magically grant him a little courage, someplace that will distract him. Dean circles around a copse of young firs, growing thickly together, and comes out at the bottom of the slope. There’s a big, jagged tree stump, long dead. Moss and smaller plants are growing all over it, even a cute little Charlie Brown Christmas tree.
This, this fight against Chuck, it’s different. Dean is acting differently. It isn’t like his moody hopelessness in the face of an existential threat. It never lets up. Ever since the cemetery, something is different.
MELLY
“Dean.”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice is quiet and hoarse. Water flows by around his legs. “I’m sorry. For what I did.” He stares at the portal, flickering before them. If he can’t say it, the portal will close, and they’ll be trapped here forever. And that’ll be his penance. “I went too far. I’m so sorry.”
“Leviathan blossom,” Cas says. “They must grow where the leviathans die.”
So what about Alex?
(whispering)
Yeah?
SAM (O.S.)
We don’t get a lot of local deaths. But this is a tourist town. Hikers come up, sometimes they get lost. And sometimes, we get drifters staying in the woods in the summer. O.D.-ing in the woods. Fallin’ in the lake cause they’re stumblin’ drunk. Not much we can do to prevent it.
. It may be a bit awkward to…project sexual interest…onto a roommate."
He's never seen Cas grinning like this before. It's wide, all teeth, gums and chubby cheeks and happily squinted eyes. His chest tightens in an unfamiliar, nervous clench.
"Can't run forever." Dean says with a raised brow, surprised.
"Okay. Cool." He forces a grin and starts to play with Cas again a lot more carefully. He uses the hand at his base to feel for where he thinks Cas knots while the other hand's thumb rubs and plays at his frenulum. "Tell me what it feels like inside me."
He kind of wanted to die, remembering Cas dancing behind him and the very, very obvious package he'd had. But he'd stuck it out, because Cas was trying to prove a point and while he understood it, Dean would prove he could make it through.
The briefest shadow of discontent flits through Castiel's eyes. "There were...tasks, I had to do."
“You sound like… a good guy Dean. When you’re not crashing into people’s apartments.” Castiel says it lightly and when he turns around he does not look at Dean. “How do you take it?”
Another lovemuppet prompt, Dean and Cas meet when they're both doing the morning after ritual.
"Tell me what you want. Tell me Dean." The fucking tease murmurs it against his lips in that sinful voice as if he doesn't know what Dean needed, the bastard.
Dean gets distracted by another door down the hallway opening and a guy almost stumbling his way out. He’s got on a buttoned-down, charcoal gray dress shirt and black slacks with a bright blue tie like he came from something formal - but that sex hair says ‘booty call’. He doesn’t even seem to notice anyone else around him as he turns around and ‘oops’, Dean stares, ‘nother dude enters the doorway.
He grips his book tightly, easing closer with all the stealth he can manage and then freezes again, horror on his face. His cat Padawan appears from wherever he had been and stalks curiously up to his chair and the closed-eyed intruder in it, sitting himself at the guy’s feet. Castiel is terrified, mind jumping to what could happen to his cat if this guy is a violent drunk - that swaying Castiel’s mind supplied, his B&E was definitely drunk.
God forbid.
“Umm...guy? You can’t sleep here.” His voice comes out all strangled and high pitched.
hair pomade and wearing a fancy button-down and sweater vest combo with likely, his best jeans.
"I don't get how you don't - we've been... Dean," Cas closes his eyes and tilts his head up, the edge of his stubbled jaw drawing Dean's eye. "The last couple of weeks have been great. It felt like... we've really become close."
"Yeah. Figured you'd want to room with Cas." Sam is a bit inquisitive as he nods and pointedly turns his attention back to the show.
“I spend my afternoons with my mom and kid brother usually on Sunday and I’ve got my own place so chores and stuff - I’d stay a little bit if I could but then my niece…” May God not strike him down for bringing little Maddy into his strategic retreat. “My niece…”
“Call me.”
"Well I think this suits you better. Do you usually use product?" It's not the world's greatest conversation starter but it's something and Dean is almost desperate to chime in about Cas' perpetual bedhead and then move it on from there to how Jess does her own hair. Soon she's talking about maybe trying a change with a cut or some highlights and Dean can exhale softly, relax.
"Hello. You look like shit, by the way." Dean barks out a laugh as he rubs a hand over his face and practically collapses onto the couch next to Cas. "Are you okay?"
"Cool guys. We'll be up in a bit. You can, go lie down." Dean glares as his brother backs away, with obvious eye gestures to Cas that there's no way he missed. When Sam is gone Dean huffs and turns for the stairs, marching up them.
"Goddamn it Dean. Please." He likes how raw Cas sounds, gravelly low pleading. It's hot as fuck and he moans and bites kisses into Cas' jaw, sucking a mark high up on the hinge below his ear and reveling in the groan he gets as Cas clacks his head against the stall wall.
"I -" Cas closes his mouth and shakes his head, once, harshly. "Okay. We should drive up Wednesday evening. That's decided. I have work to do."
It's before dawn and he works for maybe an hour before he hears feet coming down the stairs. He's expecting his brother or maybe even his mom as they both are early risers. Instead it's Cas with his dark, mussed head, sleepy half-mast eyes and a long, deep yawn that shows tongue and soft, pink palate - shit! Fuck...
The words "I hope you're happy." come flatly from shotgun of the car and Dean looks at Cas with a harsh sigh.
"Pleasure is - it leads to sin. It is not necessary. But it was nice, to feel it a little." Castiel tilts his head. "Maybe that is what made these arrangements possible. You demons have lots of pleasure with us. There is no loss to us and we gain your distraction I suppose. If you're lost in the throes of ecstasy, you're not razing cities to the ground."
"No! I know you guys aren't like that...like I said, we're just trying this out. Might not work out." Dean says more forcefully, with a practiced shrug. He clutches his beer a little closer. "We're not even really all that...uhh, physical yet."
His stubborn will to simply ignore Dean is clear when he walks out after rummaging in his duffel, and comes back half an hour later, teeth brushed, showered and changed into a pajama pant and t-shirt combo, to slip into bed next to Dean and promptly show him his back.
He wheezes out when the angel pulls his fingers all the way out and opens his eyes to find himself pressed against the wall, dropping off his tiptoes and weak-kneed. "Guhh..."
." Their lips meet just as desperately, Cas tugging him by the hair and moaning into his mouth. Dean gasps and is plundered in deep thrusts and slick battle and tiny sips that steal his breath away for what feels like hours or centuries.
It's a good thing too, 'cause Dean's has short circuited. Jesus fuck, he thinks his roommate is cute.
There's a voice in his dreams.
He pulls him down the sidewalk to the joint that's a door down, holding his hand and doesn't shiver as Cas squeezes his fingers before lacing them together with his.
My apologies for being a couple of days late. I should have posted on Monday like I did for last chapter because I knew I was busy this week but procrastination won!
"Sometimes I really - you're impossible Dean." Dean's wide-eyed, stunned at the flat vitriol of Cas' muttered declaration before he looks up and pierces Dean with all the deepest blue his eyes are. "I'm..." Cas rubs his hands over his face frenetically, glasses pulled off. "You know what? Let's just go. Let's do this."
Cas glares and Dean's smile turns unsure. Cas starts pulling his legs back and Dean has to move off or fall off. So he knew Cas had a weakness for him saying please... was it supposed to be used for sex only?
I am putting out a call for a Beta for this story - the lovely @Frau_Wilhelm_Klink  (Thank you for being my clutch beta for this! <3) is unavailable to me in future and I'm like horrible at spotting my own mistakes.
"Oh my God! Oh my - !" Dean fucking whites out against the door, comes over Cas' fist in waves and keens so loud into his mouth it's mortifying. He might be crying, he might be fucking crying... breaths hitching against Cas' mouth as his body shudders and his knees go blissfully weak.
Castiel is in his bedroom, reading over the notes from his last Anthropology class, feeling morose because his field of strength is Linguistics and they have moved on to the substrate of Archaeology - and he has little interest in field work, lack of social skills notwithstanding, he believed indigenous cultures who wished to stay isolated from the modern world should be able to do so without incursion -
"Dean was just helping Castiel fix his hair." His mother decides to contribute and Dean chokes out a sound of embarrassment. But Sam must have taken pity and decided to pass up on the low hanging fruit because of how mortified he looks.
“That’s fair. I might do the occasional pick-up on my Saturdays here and there but how I meet people, what I do… I think we’re both aware it’s casual.” He pitches it to the guy’s back, swallowing his pride and accepting the jab but clarifying it in the face of this dude’s self-righteous judgement. “Someone may hope it can lead to something more permanent but that’s not what they signed up for.” Dean picked up, but they knew it was meant to be a pick-up. If he saw something he liked he turned the charm up to ten, if they were game, sweet. If not, their loss and Dean moved on.
Dean makes a hacking sound and Sam pulls another chair from the spot next to him, so they are sitting side by side.
“Pretty sure it’s unappetizing all a-fucking-round Sammy!” Dean barks back, afraid he’s going to make his burger reappear. Fuck, if Castiel wasn’t hot as fuck he would never watch this channel. The dude’s tagline was ‘I Try This Shit So You Don’t Have To’ and Dean never would. Ever. The dude’s eaten animal testes, “foreign delicacies” and now this shit.
When they pull up in front of his mom's house, Dean is about to call it quits, say fuck it and confess. He'll tell his family he and Cas are a lie...and tell Cas, the only thing Dean's sure about is he wants his friendship. He wants them to be okay.
"Fucking bastard." There's a breathless awe in the slur because while he'd been warned, hyped up about knots, he hadn't been told about this barely manageable girth and he wonders if it's typical or just Castiel. "Come on." It comes out a breathy whine but he's good, thinks he can handle it now and twitches his hips again.
"You've been unconscious for approximately forty minutes Dean." Cas looks apologetic, a bit nervous as he looks around. "I was afraid I had driven you out. We have to go."
"No. I don't." He says it forcefully, means it with all his heart.
“Anthro... huh? Bachelors?” The still unnamed trespasser still seems afraid to touch the cat, arm hovering over it, so Castiel decides to end the awkward stalemate.
, wants him, is awesome. They kiss and strip in a harried flurry before Cas loses patience and everything just disappears. It's easy because of the puny body to forget how powerful the Seraph is.
And suddenly they’re a part of internet legend.
Castiel’s chewing with a sort of mixed expression, his brows cutely furrowed. He swallows, seems to taste the inside of his mouth and then licks his lips with a soft hum, and that reminds Dean how these watches usually end.
He feels himself flush up to his ears, can hardly believe what he’s hearing. Is this guy flirting with him?
“Dean.” Gets mumbled back to him. “You?” Castiel shifts from foot to foot.
"Oh yeah, Mom said you guys were out there doing some intense staring." Dean almost chokes on his inhale and that's when Cas strolls in with his mother and Jess. And somehow within two minutes Cas has settled down into playing the role, because he has his mom and Jess' full attention on him.
"Dean!
It's a struggle to hold consciousness and his physical body even but he does, barely by a thread. He comes to with his head arched in the dirt, getting fucking
"Oh dear. Look at the time." Cas says in the falsest tone he's ever heard and Dean dies on the inside. "Is it possible we can get these to go Mary?" Sam bursts into laughter and then yelps a 'hey', Dean assumes from Jess just having stepped on his foot or something.
dark humor at the same time. Or how he could come off like a nerd, only to hit you with a sex god look and rumble at you like a muscle car at times. Opposing, but complimentary.
"So...so, I sort of did a thing. And I need your help." Dean's voice edges up at the end and cracks. Then he winces as Cas' eyes go squinty, like narrowed blue laser beams on Dean's little insect body.
A soft, choked sound comes from his easy chair and Castiel flicks his gaze up, curiosity peaked. Dean’s grinning again but it’s a little… edgy and makes him frown.
Dean's not making a big show of this meeting so next day, he's just in his typical button down and jeans, waiting in the kitchen for Cas so they can head over to his mom's but he snorts into his midday coffee when Cas comes out, hair lying a bit more obediently under the influence of
Beyond the hysterical giggle internally at 'throes of ecstasty', Dean is struck dumb, completely disconcerted by the idea that to someone up top, Castiel is just a dildo for him. That Castiel seems fine with that.
"Okay angel. Let's make it good for you." Cas frowns like he's about to say something to correct Dean, so he shuts him up. He wraps his arms around his neck and kisses him, soft and teasing like he's done, seen done too, to so many humans, before biting on Cas' lip harshly. Cas just grunts when he makes him bleed but his lips spread and win. Dean's in and kissing him dirty, slow and filthy before he starts to rise.
Also, any errors are mine as I did not have this chapter beta'ed. Please, onward and enjoy!
“Not just ancient ones. We study currently existing cultures as well and the study has many different focuses for that matter. Archaeology, socio-cultural, linguistics - that one is my particular area of focus for my PhD.” Castiel casts his mind for a way to explain it to someone not versed in the faculty. “Think about what we know about ancient cultures and how a lot of it still applies to us today? Not just in language but in things we consider part of civilized society today without realizing - capitalism, trade, governments, class systems…”
“That wasn’t the best thing I’ve ever tasted but surprisingly it wasn’t the worst. The lemon and asparagus combo is actually quite nice and the nutty flavour of the pecans is pleasant. I imagine if you actually used the garnish of additional lemon the meal comes with, you get even more of that tangy taste.” And he goes back for another forkful and sucks that off the fork too.
Just last week he'd managed to get Cas out to a game night with him, Charlie, Jo and Benny. Sorry and Taboo had been fun, but Cas playing Cards Against Humanity had been legendary. They had planned a night-out at the bar for this week. Cas had told Charlie that he
Jared? Fucking Jared had opened his apartment door on Dean and lost the ability to access his higher brain function. He'd spent the evening stumbling over words and being awkward as hell, when he wasn't frankly sleazy,
They're panting loud and Dean's shaking still...
A strangled, punched-out noise escapes from his throat and when he stutters in the doorway, Cas moves past him so smoothly Dean would think it was unintentional. If it weren't for the self-satisfied smirk curling his lips and the way he looks at Dean through his lashes as he goes into the kitchen.
They have to consummate it. He's not ashamed - he's a demon, shame is not a concept in his experience, to say he's gagging for it. He's communed with fellow brothers and sisters who have been Bound to angels and about the only perk was the sex. Destruction-level sex.
"I'm not trying to move. I promise." He really isn't. This is...
Dean can feel the flush on his face and hates it. He's about to shrug it off with some cheeky response and then he hears a cleared throat from the doorway.
"I - the discomfort I caused you the last time we, joined, was not intended." Castiel says it, sharp and frowning. "I wasn't aware of the exact mechanics." Oh he got that. Had a feeling the angel didn't even have an idea of the 'mechanics' of his own body.
They see they have a response to their video about two days later when things calm down.
"I was told you are one of Lucifer's strongest. I find it hard to believe you to be the upper echelon on his hierarchy." He does like the Seraph's eyes, they are unerring, piercingly direct as he stares Dean down, expressionless.
"I can feel you squeezing... if that's what you mean." Dean's the one who narrows his eyes now, suspicious. He gives an experimental stroke, tightening his grip.
It's, they're,
"I heard you.
Cas has been fidgety next to him all evening and Sam seems to be at the limit of ignoring it when he corners Dean returning from the bathroom and drags him back to the front of the house away from Cas and the others.
He changes into another set of sweats, puts on an oversized t-shirt and tries to tamp down the pink cheeked, glassy-eyed look he's got in the mirror.
They're like that until Dean can shift his hips without wanting to cry like a little bitch. The sensation still gets a gasp out of him but he thinks he can take it if his angel moves now.
"Oh, Dean." Cas lowers his head into both hands and Dean's at a loss as to what the big deal is. "You didn't think your family might,
his hair or...?" The demoness he had wanted to be his sister-in-law says and Sam laughs, looking at Jess so fondly it's sickening.
"It is actually a work thing. But because Charlie believes I need to 'socialize' more, I'm supposed to stay until the end." Cas sounds very put out about that and Dean sticks his head back into the kitchen just to see the almighty frown on his face. Castiel's expressions are - well. Dean lives for them. "As a matter of fact, I am very sure you've had more dates in the two weeks I've been here than I've had in the past two months."
"I...
"Oh my God." There's a loud moan as Dean wraps his fingers around Cas, that he realizes belatedly is his. He whines soft, leaning in with his eyes slipping close and inhales musk and salt and sweat and Cas... when he rubs his cheek against Cas' erection he hears another dull thunk from above him but doesn't look up.
Dean whimpers when Cas chuckles against his throat, hot breath and low baritone. "You're...loud."
"Wet - God! Lick your fucking hand
disappearing.
Dean snatches it and with a final mental rundown, looks at the lovely fitness instructor he had met last night, turning up his expression to ‘maximum apology’. “Last night was lovely.”
"God! Cas!" His head thumps into the bedroom door behind him when they part again and his hips have been working, fucking into Cas' slick, unrelenting grip while they kissed. The pleasure's burning away his brain, Dean doesn't register crying out again until his mouth is under Cas' and he's breathless, being kissed filthy and gasping for air.
"Yes Dean." That Cas
"Hey Cas." There's a hum in response as blue eyes track slow over him, down his body. The once-over feels tactile and Dean shifts his lower body behind the counter to avoid embarrassment.
"You are falling into the trap before you've even begun, Dean. Just because it's comfortable doesn't mean you should take your interest in each other for granted. Yes, you live together. But take him out on dates, go watch a movie in a theatre or have a nice dinner out once in a while."
He finishes with the lipstick. It's
"I don't like going in half-blind either, but we have to put a stop to it," Cas says, then turns her gaze to Jack, who's already been texting rapidly with Haleigh on Cas's phone. The kid's only a few months old, and he's already glued to that damn screen, Dean thinks, amusing himself. "You've done good here, Jack. Without you, we might never have known."
"It's not like that," Sam says, staring at his salad and spearing it with a fork in a way that says it might be kind of like that. "It's… I dunno, man, it's complicated."
. The year in retrospect starts to look like a paperback with half the words blocked out.
After a few minutes, Sam frowns, looking down at his hands. "You know what Cas and Rowena are trying to do, right?"
He doesn't recognize the voice right away. He scans the room through a squint. It's a motel, like hundreds of others he's slept in. His pants are on the floor, his shirt draped over the AC unit. He can't tell what time it is by the light through the crooked blinds.
The sun is slipping away quickly when Dean says, "I guess we don't have enough tickets left for anything but the ferris wheel. Kinda stupid, but, y'know. Be a waste not to use 'em."
is apparently so big they had to put it on two discs, and while Charlie changes them over, Dean uses her bathroom to change back into jeans and a t-shirt. When he emerges, she's in an oversized shirt and a pair of Batman pajama pants he is deeply envious of.
"I wanted you back so bad, man. I didn't know what to do when you were gone. I didn't know how to.. to just keep going, after that. But then I
Depends. You gonna turn back into a lady?
"Samuel wants someone to stay behind to guard the place," Gwen says. "Funny how that someone usually ends up being little ol' me."
"Look, no, we're not gonna narc on you, kiddo," Dean says. "But you gotta cool it with this shit or someone's gonna get hurt. Magic isn't something you wanna go messing with just to make it big on the internet. Where did you even get all this stuff?"
Dean clears his throat, shuffling where he stands. "You okay?" Comforting crying girls is usually Sam's specialty, and Dean doesn't know what the protocol is on talking to women in the Ladies' Room compared to the law of the Mens' Room,
"I'd kill a guy for takeout and beer," Dean says honestly.
He scrubs his fingers through his hair, manipulating it so that it looks purposefully messy, and admires himself from a few angles. He hasn't actually changed anything about his body since this morning, but he looks different. He
"Fuck, what time is it," Dean huffs. He grinds against Cas, feeling the head of his dick nudging at Cas's clit, and his leg tightens where it's wrapped around Dean's, a heel digging into the back of his thigh to pull him closer.
"Maybe. Just… think about it, okay? If it's really important—"
He didn't even know what Cas would've done. It's not like he could just dip into the cage Dean thought Sam was still trapped in and fish him out. If he was honest, he just wanted someone near him, someone who knew what he'd seen. He didn't want to dump all that crap on Lisa. She knew too much already, and she didn't deserve another burden. But Cas already knew, had been there too. And in moments of weakness, Dean could admit the simple truth— he just plain missed him.
What's left are the boots, the shirts and jeans, and the underwear. He puts the boots in his closet. They won't fit him, but they're still a really nice pair of boots. It'd be a waste. Maybe Charlie needs a pair. He should ask what her shoe size is. He
But he said it himself. Cas tried to care, and it broke him. Dean missed his chance.
He'd been nine or so, he thinks, cause Dad's still real tall in his memory, and that was the year Sam stopped wanting to hold Dean's hand and follow him around. He remembers that Sam was off chasing a dog around the yard instead of trying to copy everything Dean did like usual. The dog belonged to some old military buddy of their dad's, and the house and the yard must've been his too. The guy had a shooting range out back, and Dean was practicing just like Dad told him to.
But she doesn't look at him like he's a brainless idiot this time. She just smiles and wobbles her head playfully at him. "A friend of Sappho?
Cas hums, the sound vibrating. "It was… nice. She's become a very capable young woman. But she's also very sensitive. She's a lot like you, in that way."
, or will?" Dean's throat was tight with apprehension.
"Keep an— you mean you want to move to goddamn Indiana, or you want Rowena to be our newest roommate?"
"No," Dean says quickly, then, less certain, "I don't know." He shakes his head. "I wasn't really sure. If he did or not. I don't think he did. I think—" Dean rubs at his eyes. "I thought if he knew, he wouldn't let me around you anymore. Cause… y'know."
Peter lifts his eyebrows, pleasantly surprised. Dean knows because he would be too. Dean had met Lisa while crashing some college party when he was nineteen and still a little desperate to impress. To Dean's eyes, Lisa, a year and change his senior, had been worldly and brimming with confidence. When she took a bottle of whiskey right out of his hand and knocked it back, the curved line of her throat working, he'd fallen in love just a little bit right there on the spot. He's too old for that now, and this guy's no easily-led teenage know-nothing, but there's a little bit of that kid left over in every man, in Dean's opinion. Tonight, Dean could be his cool girl, the one who stands out, the one who's not like the others.
Despite what his reputation might be, Dean's never fucked a woman in a bathroom. He prefers to at least take them back to his car, because the Impala is a classy broad and she always treats Dean's guests right. Objectively, it should be disgusting—the guy's got his foot braced against the toilet so he can fuck Dean harder—but for whatever reason, it fires off all the right synapses in his fucked up brain to make him come, gasping, with his cheek pressed up against a carved-in phone number and his pants around his ankles. Thank whatever god is actually listening for the condom dispenser on the wall.
When he emerges from the bathroom in full Evanescence-fan drag, Sam's holding his phone up. It clicks.
Cas looks up at that, brow furrowed, eyes round. She stares at Rowena thoughtfully. Rowena picks up a hand mirror from the edge of the tub and holds it in front of Castiel's face.
"If more angels had taken the time to enjoy a shower, I think they might have understood humanity a little better," Cas says, letting Dean close the door behind him. Now that he's there, though, his smile falters, and he falls quiet.
"Okay," Sam says, unconvinced. He looks at the coffee pot, still chugging away, then back at Dean. "All right. So."
Rowena scoffs, her mouth round and offended. "Papercuts! They've had worse going for their shots at the doctor's. It was just a wee little gift, in exchange for all the help I gave them. Surely there's nothing wrong with that."
"Then you know," Charlie says, steeling herself. "You know. So don't… don't talk to me like I don't get what you're doing. You know I can't just sit around and do nothing. And if Sam's really as bad as… I just. I wanna help. If you'll let me. I'm not saying you have to give me a grenade launcher and put me on the front lines, just. I mean, I'm kind of attached to you guys now." She gives him a wet smile, and shrugs one thin shoulder. "You got me all invested and stuff. And who else is gonna talk about tentacle porn with me if something happens to you?"
nice picture, one that has Dean grinding down against the bed for relief.
"No," Cas says, and when she looks up, her eyes are so sad it makes his chest hurt. "I spoke to Jack, I learned what he could be, and I loved him. And then I did what you taught me. I fought for him."
Dean regrets saying it, because Cas looks as heartbroken as he's ever seen her to hear it. She turns around, cradling her elbows, her fingers digging into the sleeves of her coat.
: I can't tell if this guy i just men is really gay or if he's just fucking with me
Dean swallows hard, unable to move. "Why the hell would I want you to stop?"
"Oh, damn," Dean says. "Sorry I missed that."
Dean flinches at that. Okay, so he's
"I, uh. I forgot that part. But yeah. He started teaching me how to drive on that trip, too."
He stops at a dive in Minnesota just as the sun's going down. He calls Bobby to let him know he should be there tomorrow around noon, and calls Sam to tell him the same, like he cares. Then he orders a double shot of whiskey and a cheeseburger. The bartender looks at him sideways, and Dean panics for a moment thinking he might get carded, because all of his IDs say he's a man, but then he just moves along, pouring Dean his drink without comment. Dean's shoulders relax, and the drink goes down a little quicker than it ought to.
"A witch turned Dean into a woman," Sam says simply. Dean elbows him in the ribs, face screwed up indignantly. "Ow, hey!"
Eventually, he huffs, reluctantly mumbling, "M'gonna need to shower and stuff in a minute here."
"There's a few new episodes of
And no comments from the peanut gallery about my other tattoo lolz
over there, too. (Oh crap I should probably post about chapter 2 and 3 also uhh whoops!)
"Thanks, Dean," Sam says, his eyes falling to his hands again.
"Then why don't you let me handle that on my own? That's not your shit to deal with. You don't need to take that on for me."
"It's not… it's not that," Cas says. "It's just hard to face him when I look like… this." She throws her hands up, a helpless little motion, and her shoulders sink when her hands fall. Dean stands up, circling around to see her face.
"Yeah, well, that was a stupid goddamn decision," Dean says, yanking the coat from Castiel's shoulders. Cas slides off his lap (terrible) and starts by stripping out of his blazer (better) before unbuttoning his shirt.
"Yeah, I know, but what could it hurt to just look? If there's a shot, don't you want to take it?"
"Like, a lot of Moondoor's players are queer."
"Lily Sunder's daughter," Dean says. Castiel's head drops between her shoulders, and, despondent, she stares down at her splayed hands.
Dean shakes his head. "You can't tell me you wanna take this on now. Not after all the crap you've been through. It's too dangerous."
Dean's face heats, and he hides it by pinching the bridge of his nose. "They told you, then?"
Dean looks up at her. Her shoulders are set, her face glowing with frustration and helplessness. How many times has Cas watched him die? How many times has he done the same? Part of him wants to reach out, to admit that he can't do this anymore, that he's so tired of this endless cycle of loss and sacrifice. The other part knows that the common denominator is him. That everyone he cares about gets hurt, because that's all there is to him. Weapons aren't made to heal.
"I wouldn't," Cas promises, water flattening his hair to his forehead. Dean brushes it out of his eyes.
"Her name is Haleigh," Jack says. "She's nice! She let me sit at her lunch table. She told me the other kids were 'assholes'. I think she's right," he adds, like this fact frustrates him.
Dean tilts him back, one hand splayed across his shoulders, the other gripping his hip, until he's laid out flat on the bed. Dean lifts his hips up, tugging his boxers down his thighs and lifting his legs in the air until he can pull them off completely. Cas hasn't shaved—anywhere in fact, which—he guesses that makes sense. Why would he? It's another detail about this Dean never could have imagined, any of the times he actually allowed himself to imagine it, that just kind of makes everything that much more perfect, because that means it's actually
"You have nothing to be ashamed of," Cas says, with such conviction and sincerity that Dean finds it hard to breathe for a moment.
is the point," Cas says.
find you, Dean."
Dean thinks, and turns the music up a notch anyway.
Cas squints at him, frowning. Dean squirms.
"It's okay," Dean repeats, and sidles up to Cas, nudging his shoulder with his. "Yeah?" Cas breaks into a soft smile that makes Dean's face go hot. How's he supposed to get anything done with Cas just smiling at him like that all the time?
It didn't work out in the end. Dean knows how that goes. He knows that, like his mother, there's no escaping the life. He's got nothing else, and he's made his peace with that. He's had to.
"What, you sure?" Dean raises his eyebrows. "Arwen. Liv Tyler, that's a good distraction if I ever heard one." Sam's mouth twists.
Dean says in disgust.
Her voice is irrepressible. The truth is pouring out of him, unstoppered.
"I'm sorry," Castiel says gravely.
"Don't start."
Dean signs, No problem. Winks. He practices with Cas, and he still can't help but glance at him for approval, wondering if he did it right. Then his eyes dart away again, like he's afraid to look directly at him. He's been like that all night. Did Cas do something wrong? Dean isn't sulking and needling him like he usually does when he's angry, when Cas has misstepped, but he is twitchy, worrying at his lip with his teeth and fiddling with his silverware while he waits for his patty melt and fries. When it comes, he eats less than he usually does, picking at his fries, dragging them through a pool of ketchup without ever bringing them to his mouth.
"Uh," Sam says, round-eyed and guilty.
"Why?" asked Sam, because he hadn't learned it yet, and seemed unlikely to. Ever since Sam had started speaking in complete sentences, everything out of his mouth was a question or an argument. Sometimes it was hard to tell the difference between the two.
"All that shit's going on his head?" Dean says in mild horror.
-sexy. If he holds still enough, he can see them wobble in time with his heartbeat. Cool, but weird.
Cas frowns. He doesn't know.
"Good," Cas says. There's a hint of smugness to it. Dean wonders if Cas did some mojo on him in his sleep. If he did, Dean doesn't care. He can abuse his angelic powers as much as he wants if it means Dean gets to wake up feeling this awesome.
"No," Dean says, and it all comes back. "No, he was a Lance Corporal. Lance Corporal Jackson. Dad called him Jax."
The next day is just a lot of reading and waiting, which is Dean's least favorite part of any job. There's nothing all that interesting about the town's history or the land the school was built on, from what they've been able to find so far. Dean gets that Sam wants to encourage the kid, that Cas thinks he has some kind of destiny, but that shouldn't mean they just fuck off to Indiana every time Jack has a whim. If Dean wants to be restless in a one-stoplight town, he can do that back home.
"There, was that so hard?" Rowena sets the mirror and the scissors down. "All right, bring the blasted device over and see what you can do with this."
Dean shoves against him, but Sam just holds him tighter. Tears prick at Dean's eyes.
Dean's fingers flex, then make a fist. "What shit is that exactly?"
"What kinda case?" Dean asks, giving up his chair and waving Jack over to sit down and set the laptop in front of the others. Jack's pulled up an article, the headline of which reads,
Dean smiles, and then he's gone.
When all else fails, jerking off usually helps him sleep, and it's a luxury he's indulged in often since they found the bunker and Dean gained near-boundless access to privacy for the first time in his life. He eyes the stack of magazines on the dresser without actually getting up to look at one, too unfocused to make the effort. He eyes his phone again, considering the options there, but he knows there'd be some needling little urge in the back of his mind to look at his contacts or his messages again, so he nixes that idea too.
Dean startles when she reaches up, grasping his wrist and holding it still.
"I take it he's like, a good vampire? Like Angel?"
He knows bra sizes come in letters, because he's been a connoisseur of breasts long enough to know at least that much. He knows the letters go on through the alphabet as the sizes get bigger, and he knows that you get to a point where there are double letters, for some reason? But he doesn't know how you figure out what letter goes with your boob size, aside from trial and error. He's embarrassed to realize he doesn't even know what size Lisa wore, even though he did laundry and washed her underwear often enough. He just knows you're not supposed to put them in the drier, because the one time he did that, Lisa tore him a new one.
"Relatively speaking, we're at a standstill," Cas says. "I don't enjoy the uncertainty, but it's a relief from the daily losses."
A thought occurs to him. He digs through the front pouch on his travel bag and emerges with his old bracelet and his ring. He'd given up wearing them while he was working construction, but now's as good a time as any to start again. He leaves his watch behind—it's a little too masculine. But while the ring doesn't fit on the intended finger, it does fit on his thumb, and it doesn't look too bad. He slips the bracelet on his other hand and doesn't think about how he's just putting on things he already owns to beef up his lady vibes.
He doesn't want to ask about Dean's feelings, he doesn't want to interrogate why Dean's there, letting someone manhandle him and call him a slut. It's simple. Straightforward. It's so
"Water's good."
Dean's down in the library when Sam and Rowena make it to the staircase. He hears her say, "Samuel, be a dear," followed by Sam's little noise of acquiescence, and then Dean's obviously having a stroke, because there's no way his little brother is carrying that woman down the stairs. She has an arm slung over his shoulder and the other holding her cane in her lap, and when they reach the foot of the steps, he sets her down gently on her feet.
He stands, shrugging on his jacket in the ruined doorway. Someone's going to be mad about that when they see it, and Dean doesn't want to be around for that.
Rowena's eyes slide open, ringed in electric violet. Her chanting grows urgent. She reaches out, snatching Sam's hand, then Dean's, her grip firm and relentless. Dean keeps his eyes on Cas, willing him to make it through this, to come out the other side in one piece. It's a little like praying, so he does that too, silent but insistent:
"Is that what you want?"
What is he doing? That's the question he has to keep asking himself. He's gotten really good at shuffling around the filing cabinets rattling around in his head, shutting things away and locking the doors and barring them up tight, burying them deep. He'd gotten real good at doing that when it came to Cas. Losing her— losing him over and over and over again, in a hundred different ways. Learning not to expect anything better. Learning not to want more than he could have. Learning not to be surprised or disappointed when he went ahead and wanted things anyway and everything blew up in his face. Learning he still had the capacity to hope again, and always, inevitably, the capacity for his heart to break again. He keeps burying things and they keep on crawling out of their graves, over and over and over. When's he gonna learn?
"Shut up," Dean grumbles. Jesus, he's going to burn every copy of those books he can find. "I can't believe you fuckin' read those things." He huffs, setting his empty bottle in the sink and getting himself a new one from the fridge. He twists the lid off with his flannel and aims for the trashcan from across the room. It lands on the floor with a clink. "Lot happened after those books left off, though."
"What about—"
"My family," Castiel says, a smile crinkling the corners of his eyes. Dean's hand brushes his back.
Dean keeps the music down so he can hear Mina giving him directions. He pulls up at a cookie cutter apartment complex, which looks as still as a mausoleum when the engine cuts off and silence falls around them. Mina looks over at him, barely illuminated by the streetlight in the parking lot.
"You can't," Dean says. Castiel opens his mouth to speak. Dean barrels right past him. "You can't
Into his mouth, Castiel breathes smoke. Dean inhales. Castiel's ringing voice melts into owlsong. "Behold, this has touched your lips; Your iniquity is taken away, and your sin purged."
"I could talk to her," Jack says, and stops the two of them arguing. "She was nice. She let me have her cookie after they ran out in the lunch line. I don't think she's a bad person."
"There's this shit called 'creepypasta'," Dean says. "Really made our job more difficult in the last few years. You'll wanna just ignore anything you see on Reddit right off. Just don't even bother."
Christian busts out laughing (
"C'mon, you remember grilled cheese? You used to beg me to make that shit."
Dean snorts before he can stop himself. "Uh, sorry," he says, clearing his throat. "How'd, uh, how'd you feel about all that? You miss her?"
He's never told anyone about it. Dad never brought it up again, not directly. But he realizes, on a subconscious level, he never really forgot. Some part of him's always been braced for the fallout if anyone ever looked at him like Dad's old buddy did and saw whatever it was he saw. Even Dad.
"Dean, are you feeling all right?" Cas leans his head down, trying to catch Dean's eyes. Dean ducks away from him, shoving the fry into his mouth suddenly.
"Gotten myself off of what?"
Dean can't bring himself to say what he's thinking.
"But you were lying," Veritas says, seizing on the idea like it's a delicious treat.
Dean gapes. "Yeah, to the bunker. Not— here." Wherever here is. Now that he's apparently cured of his hangover, he's starting to remember stumbling down the road towards this motel from the bar. He winces, realizing he left the car in the other parking lot. That's probably where his gun is now.
Castiel had said something before about gender being irrelevant, a human hangup not worth bothering with or caring about. Where did that leave Dean, then? If Castiel could just throw it in the trash, what had Dean been spinning himself in circles for all these years? What had he been working so hard to hide it for? Dean definitely didn't care what God thought, and he told himself he didn't care what his dad thought anymore, either. So why should he still be so fucking
"Sam said you disappeared, and that you weren't responding to his calls."
The heart pulls free with some effort. Dean is coated to his bicep in gore, the smell of it thick and metallic. It's a greater effort still to get his teeth through it, to tear the meat and chew.
Dean can't stop himself from grinning at that. "Well, I guess this is just one more thing I'll have to enjoy for the both of us." He nudges her shoulder with his, then takes another drink, trying not to notice her watching him.
"Important lesson, Jack," says Dean. "Grades are meaningless. Honor students are just kids who know how to game their test scores. In the real world, none of that shit matters."
Dean furiously watches the little "..." of Cas responding blink like staring at it will make Cas appear in front of him, like old times.
"Quit staring, Dean," John said, and cuffed Dean on the back of the head, not hard enough to hurt, but enough to make him whip his head back down and hold Sam's sticky little fist tighter. Inside the room, John continued, "Don't bother her. You don't talk to girls like that."
"What're you— That's not Cas, Dean, it's… who
He hides the liquor in the glovebox for later. No need to give Cas a reason to make sad dog eyes at him again.
"Okay. And that was then, and we've had some time to get used to each other. What does Jack even have to do with any of this?"
There's a flutter behind him, and with it, another face in the mirror. Dean shrieks, the mirror rattling, as he whips around, banging his hip on the sink. Castiel stands too close in the tight space, face impassive.
"I wasn't trying to be an asshole." Dean says, screwing the cap back into the bottle. He's not drinking that shit.
"At least— Just, you can put this on when— you know."
Cas is taken by the desire to keep feeding him, to fill him up until Dean is finally satisfied. He wants to give Dean everything. Around him, Dean goes lax, and Cas pushes inside until he can feel the flutter of Dean's throat. A sound escapes Cas, an involuntary, helpless noise. Dean swallows. Cas's hips stutter, and Dean coughs.
"I want myself back," she says. "I want to be whole again. Surely you can understand that, Sam?"
"Who says they're unforgivable? Hey," Dean says, taking Cas's chin and holding him still. "
Sam meets his eyes squarely. "Yeah. I do."
am I?"
There's about a hundred things he wants to say to Castiel. He could pick one. He could just spin the big wheel until it lands on something, and he could say, "I'm sorry," or, "I fucked up," or, "Are you okay?" He could tell Cas he just wants things to be the way they never really got a chance to enjoy. Him and Cas sitting on the edge of a motel bed watching
Jack looks up from the laptop he's gently frowning at. "Oh, you're up late," he says.
Dean wants to ask her: did you mean what you said? He thinks about crawling out of his own grave, about the handprint burned into his arm, long since healed by Castiel herself. He doesn't remember the moment Cas found him, after fighting her way through Hell and a host of demons. All of his memories from Hell are of pain both borne and inflicted. He doesn't remember an angel gripping his soul, judging it worthy, cradling it and placing it back in his body. He doesn't remember being pieced back together and breathed back to life.
"I just shouldn't have come out tonight. I should've gone home. I've got shit to do. Tameka made it sound like we were just going out for drinks after our shift, but apparently the entire fucking store decided to come with, and I hate, like, half of those people, and I wanna go
Cas sets his phone aside when he sees that Dean is awake, rubbing at his eyes with the back of his hand. When he's ready to get up, they share the shower, taking longer than they would if someone were waiting on them outside. Dean spikes up Cas's hair with shampoo, then darts out of the bathroom to grab his phone and snap a picture.
Realization creeps in, cold and sharp. Cas looks up at him, face drawn, and trembles.
"I have my grace back," Cas says. "And I have a very long memory. I remember the first creature to take breath on this planet's surface with vivid clarity. But… who knows what might happen tomorrow. If I lose this tomorrow, if I lose my power, and my wings, and my memory, I want to…" He holds Dean's face in his hands. He has committed Dean's face to memory so many times. He wants to do it again, so many more. "I want to remember this. How you… how you make me feel."
"Oh, crap, I forgot about that," Sam says quietly.
"Not— not exactly," he says, and Sam looks closer, puzzling. Dean steps inside, letting Sam follow him. He puts his hands on his hips, peeling his outer layers back. "She— she turned me into a fucking girl, man."
"Oh my god. Well, I'm glad you're okay," Mina says, all sincerity. Dean huffs a laugh without meaning to, his stomach turning over.
Thanks so much to everyone who's read and commented! Each comment is a glittering jewel and I have made a nest of them. Caw caw.
"Panicked?" Dean says, feeling shrill. "Yeah, maybe a little! Look, was everything… normal, when you woke up this morning?"
But good right?
a relief to know I'm not gonna have to move my books and make all new friends again. Which, like—we're cool, beeteedubs, but don't think I'm over that one yet."
He groans, rolling over onto his back. He's sore deep in his guts, and it's not just the Jack still working its way through his system. His chest hurts, shooting pains that he winces away from, and he thinks maybe he hit the ground harder than he thought he did fighting off that witch with Sam the day before.
He's dialing Sam's number before he can think better of it. Sam does not answer.
"All right, so we can go around like this in circles, forever, or we can agree that either we're both assholes, or neither of us are, and say we're even."
"I'm fine," Dean says, and sips his coffee. It's still too hot, and it burns his tongue.
"I want the Jaws…" Their silent tears devolve into hiccups. The mother ushers them away, trying to calm them before the full meltdown sets in.
"Deal?" Sam says around a mouthful, and he swallows with tremendous effort. "What deal?"
"Dean, give me five dollars."
"I did." Her hair is a mess. It's been shorn up to the nape of her neck, the ends uneven and choppy. At this length, it's started to curl into an uncontrollable mop.
Sam chokes, running his hand back through his hair and pacing in a circle. "That can't be right."
"Don't," Dean says, his voice catching. "Do not bring her up."
"Dean, come on…"
"I got an arsenal in the trunk," Dean says. "I think I'm good, Sheriff."
Dean spends the next few days in the garage. Baby's had about all the tinkering she can take, but there are half a dozen other cars in there, and Dean needs something to focus on. He lifts the hoods, judges the damage. Mostly it's just neglect. They were all in pristine condition when the Men of Letters were wiped off the map, and they've been saved from real rust and decay by the bunker itself.
. He looks at himself in the dingy little mirror and an hysterical laugh bubbles up from his throat, because oh god, that's not his face. It is, but it isn't. He looks—okay, less like a girl than like him when he was a teenager and puberty hadn't quite had its way with him yet, but—oh, god. Oh, fuck. He's a fucking
"You gonna need to borrow some clothes again?"
"We can do that. Shirts in every color. Whatever you want."
He's jogging across the deserted street when he spots the squad car, just a second too late. It doesn't flash its lights or turn on its siren. It just creeps up on him, trailing him at a turtle's pace before it catches up. He draws his arms tighter around his body. If some pig tries to pick him up for jaywalking at three in the goddamn morning he's gonna hit something.
"None taken," Dean says.
the vampire thing Sam had a problem with?"
"That's too bad," Charlie says. "Always kinda wanted to be Willow. So," she says, clapping her hands together. "How'd you meet this good guy vamp?"
"What, just because you look like a girl, he stops being your kid?"
"It's Hell. We both went to Hell, and we both came back
I tried to get him to settle down and help me file, but he's not the best study buddy atm.
"Nothing. Uh, that guy's bumper sticker," he says, and points ahead on the road. It's as good an excuse as any. Jack squints to read it.
"Now, would you like it shorter?"
Dean's face burns. "N—Does—I mean, what does it matter, it's just. It's a thing! It happened! Look, can I go? Please? Can we both just go and forget we ever saw each other? Jesus."
The rest of the day is quiet. There's a tension at the edge of everything he and Sam do, like if they stop acting like it's okay for a second, it's going to shatter the illusion. It'll come up again, Dean knows it has to, but neither of them want it to right now, so they're in a holding pattern. Cas hasn't come home yet, but Dean can guess from the way Sam keeps glancing at his phone and then nervously back at Dean that she's keeping in touch. As long as one of them knows where she is, he guesses he'll have to let that go, no matter how much it makes him want to hit something.
But he's also filling the empty spaces with books, with art, with long showers and comfortable bathrobes, with the smell of a homemade meal wafting down the hall. He's been trying to learn to make pie. He's still never gotten the crust right, and every time so far the filling's bubbled over and filled the entire kitchen with smoke, but he's
ing him into silence. Dean starts and is stopped three more times before he seals his hand over Sam's mouth and shoves him to the side. "You see the kind of treatment I get from my own brother?" Sam slaps his hand away, grousing at him like a brat. Dean looks in the mirror to catch Castiel's attention again, only to find her beaming softly at him. They're pulling into the parking lot of a by-the-hour motel, and the guttering floodlight at the main office catches her eyes, dancing.
"Just stay," he says, barely audible. He rolls back an inch, like he wants Cas to lie down with him. Uncertain, Cas lies down beside him, shoes and all, over the covers. "M'tired."
"It's okay," Benny says. His voice is nothing but a wet sound, the sound of meat hitting a cutting board.
Purgatory is unleashed on Earth, and then Dean's unleashed on Purgatory.
"Right. Course." He turns his back, waves his hand. "Important shit to do. Message received."
Dean thinks, furiously embarrassed.
"Hey," Dean says, his voice rough and cracking. He shifts again, tightening his arm around Cas's midsection and hugging him closer.
You there?
Cas sighs again, spreading his legs for Dean. "I just like having you that close." Dean slots himself up against Cas's back, stroking his chest and belly with one hand while the other dips down to where Cas is still soaked with arousal and Dean's come. Cas shivers. Dean spreads him open with his thumb and ring finger, dipping inside him and spreading wetness up towards his clit. "In my true form, I could hold you inside myself easily."
"Of course not." No one else is allowed to see Dean like this. This belongs to the two of them. The thought warms him down to his toes. He realizes at last that he didn't even make it out of his shoes. His pants are bunched around them, and Dean is still fully dressed in front of him. He's hard in his jeans, shifting uncomfortably where he sits. Cas pulls his boxers back up, tugging his feet out of his shoes and almost tripping over his pants. In sock feet and shirtsleeves, he takes Dean's shoulder and helps him stand. "Dean… thank you."
"Oh my god, Dean," Sam groans. In the mirror, Castiel's eyes narrow.
"Sheer good luck," Dean says, tired. "I was thinking about buying a lottery ticket."
A poisonous thought occurs to him then. During the fight, his grace had flared, roaring to life, as he ripped the stone door from the mausoleum. Dean, bloodied, on his knees, had looked up at him, stunned. Not for the first time.
"You really are Cas's son," Dean says.
, the best friend he's ever had—into a tight hug. "Welcome home, pal."
"Yes," Cas says, voice unsteady. "Yes, I hear you, Dean."
. Stevie Nicks is probably a witch, so Rowena's bound to like her. Sam peels her an orange, and she eats it slice by slice, smiling a little when "Second Hand News" transitions into "Dreams." Nailed it.
Dean's eyes go round. "Well. I don't need to stick around for
Dean's hands slide up Cas's khakis, and he peels the mess he's made of Cas's boxers down far enough to get his mouth around the flushed cockhead that peeks over his waistband. Dean tugs it down further, underneath his balls, and wraps one rough hand around the base of him, his other gripping Cas's hip and holding him in place while he focuses his attention on the tip of his cock. If Cas wanted to, he could easily break free and move Dean however he wanted. Dean might even like it, if he did that. It's something Cas would be willing to test out. But not right now. Now, he just wants to see how much Dean will take on his own.
Cas blinks, his eyes growing incrementally wider, then looks at the floor in something like shame. Dean doesn't know what to make of that.
with her, her laptop propped up on his legs, because she claims that Milla Jovovich is her "security blanket." He quietly extricates himself from the bed when she starts snoring against his shoulder, shutting the laptop and lowering her to the pillow with the carefulness with which he'd put Sam down after finally getting him to nod off when he was little and still in his night terrors phase.
"Yes, I… wasn't in much of a state to check up on her, after… everything that happened," Castiel admits, studying the backs of her tightly closed hands. "I tracked Daphne down years later. She's a follower of Krishna, now, actually, and married to an acupuncturist. They have a child named Prairie."
Then, so slowly he almost doesn't notice until it's done, the color of his form changes. The wet mess grows shinier, lighter, until it's matte and shell-like. Cas is utterly still underneath it. Dean stares hard, trying to find evidence that he's even breathing under there. His mouth is closed, and he can't tell if his nose is obstructed by the shell or not.
She's dewy with sweat, giggling as she sucks in breaths when she falls to the bed next to him. Dean licks her from his lips, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, then turns over to kiss her neck and stroke her stomach while she comes down. She shivers faintly. He can feel her fine hairs standing on end, the goosebumps tickling their way across. She stretches, arms above her head, and lets out a satisfied groan. Her hand comes to rest over his, small and delicate next to his, with finely tapered fingernails.
"I like you," Cas says simply. Dean huffs.
"Eh, a little," Gwen says. "Gets this look on his face like he stepped in dog shit."
If he's gonna play like he's some teenage princess of the night, he's gonna need to look the part. His dress might work, but only if it's paired with the right gear. He's never set foot in a Hot Topic before, but once he does, he's assaulted by the noise coming out of the speakers and entire floor-to-ceiling walls of t-shirts emblazoned with pictures of lantern-jawed, constipated pretty boys. Dean's alarmed to find that there's a little section just for the
Dean tugs him forward, one arm going around his back while the other pulls his head down, tucking it into Dean's neck. It's sloppy and a little awkward. Cas sinks into it completely.
"Well, it's not exactly something I wanted to broadcast, Sammy."
He curses, pulling into the parking lot of a shopping mall, because somehow, that just makes him want to do it more.
It's the kind of outfit he'd never let Bobby see him in, the kind of thing that would have gotten John Winchester calling him
"Breakup with a bodycount," Charlie says, whistling low. "That's pretty bad." Dean lets out a weak laugh.
"I—I dunno."
now— and rests in messy waves against her shoulders, giving her a bit of a bed-rumpled look.
"Dear Castiel," Dean grits out, frowning at the sludgy mess of the brake lines he's realizing are going to have to be replaced, "I never stopped thinking that if anyone ever saw me with a guy they'd try to beat the shit out of me, and even though I've literally beaten Heaven, Hell, Purgatory, and basically everything else in-between, that still freaks me out enough to make me act like a fucking lunatic around you. Sorry about that!"
books. There's even a little tin replica of the amulet Sam had given Dean as children. Dean swallows a wave of nausea and avoids that section entirely.
Dean tries to laugh a little for her sake. "It's fine, really, I asked. You guys all work together?"
"I feel like you're going through some shit, and I can't help you with it, because I'm still— I'm so wrapped up in whatever this shit is up here," he says, rapping his knuckles against his head. "And it makes me feel like a dumb little kid again, and I don't know how to deal. And at the same time, all I want is…"
Bobby wrenches the door open, squinting blearily at Dean in his sleep clothes. "What? Who died?"
"Cas and I sort of. We." Dean clears his throat, covering his face with his hand. "Jesus Christ."
"She's asked for a photo to use in her contacts. Can I take one with you?"
"It's okay," Jack says, and kneels down to help Haleigh stand. She's short, pale, and round-faced, with dark, tightly-curled hair, and her school uniform is doctored to the point where she looks like she could be auditioning for
"No," Cas says. "That's part of what surprised me. She… What she actually said was that she thinks of me like a 'really weird uncle'. Which is… more than I deserve. But she also told me my appearance wouldn't change things between us."
"Oh."
your shirt, it's another to give everyone else a glimpse. But it does look good, so he decides he's leaving with them.
Charlie sets her second beer down on the counter and walks over to the fridge to fish out another, popping it open and downing a third of it before she settles back down. "Okay, so—I mean, I guess the accepted story is supposed to go,
Dean's head thunks against the table.
and there's
look. It has no effect.
," Dean yelps, and his voice comes out raw and choked.
somewhere, but I forget where," Sam says, raising his eyebrows at her.
"I want him to come home," Dean admits after a minute. His voice is wet and muffled by his sleeve. Sam reaches across to ruffle Dean's hair with a rough hand. Dean half-heartedly bats him away.
"No," the child pouts, and continues to cry. "I want the Jaws."
They mill around in the shadier paths while Dean's stomach settles, along the rows of souvenir stands and carnival games. At one stand, a child in a bright yellow cap, turned around backwards and sending their hair clouding out around their ears, looks on the verge of tears, clutching a baseball tightly in one little fist. They throw, as hard as their arm can manage, and the ball connects with a milk bottle stacked on top of a tower of bottles. One bottle falls, but the others rattle and keep their place.
"No, no, I don't mean—" Charlie stops, looking at Dean with large, expectant eyes. Dean gnaws on his lip, trying to make sense of it all for someone who isn't him. It's never been easy, but it's even harder buzzed. "There was a witch a couple years back, I got hit with a spell. I was stuck as a chick for a month. Some—some stuff happened."
in him, for reasons Dean will never really be able to understand. Maybe he owes it to both of them to try a little harder.
"I don't want to impose," Cas says. "Maybe I should have gotten new clothes before we started... but I was eager to see it through."
"Yes, Dean, I don't want you to be a weird dick about… about this kind of thing in front of the mega-powerful half-angel teen-baby, okay? Please don't take this the wrong way," Sam says, in a tone of voice that clearly indicates he thinks Dean has already taken it the wrong way. "I know you're not like… I mean, I know this is just… Dad's shit."
"I know. I heard that, too."
"Wasn't his name Lance? Or something like that?"
"What d'you mean?" Dean nudges Castiel's nose with his, trying to get him to look directly at him.
"You think?" Dean says, too eager before he tamps it down. "Shut up. I mean, can you fix it or not?"
"You just gotta practice. Sounds stupid, maybe, but that's the only way to figure it out. Sometimes you hit it off with someone right away, but you have to figure out what you're doing first. If… if that's what you wanna do." Dean steals another look at Cas, pale and dreamlike in the faint, cold light. Cas is intense, sharp and deadly, but also weirdly gentle. He lets Dean push him around, even though he could kill Dean with a blink. Lets him nudge his shoulder and drag him through bad neighborhoods, lets him fix his tie. He's an unknowable, sometimes violent force of nature, and he's a weird, silly little dude.
"I seem to recall a certain someone wearing my AC/DC tee-shirt under his dress shirt, the other day."
"So did I, but we still went on vacations to California and the Oregon coast."
"I thought you wanted to take a vacation." Cas said with a frown.
"Yeah. I was pretty young so I don't remember much. There was a freak fire in Sammy's nursery and my mom... she died trying to save him."
"First of all, that's fucking disgusting. And second... cuddlefuck?"
"I think it's one of Cas's feathers."
"See you in the car." And he stepped out of the warehouse. Dean watched the door as he stepped out and then looked back at the glowing feather wrapped in rings with small little blue eyes on them. Dean sighed in relief and he took off the glasses. He tucked them into the collar of his shirt and closed his eyes. He kissed the feather lightly, holding it close to him.
He went and rented a motel to stay in while he tried to sort his shit out. His heart felt shattered and he wanted nothing more than to just run back and beg Cas to forgive him. But could he? Would he? He laid awake in bed, he called his pharmacist and asked about different medications. The one he had been used to and fine with years ago, didn't work for him now the way it used to. His doctor did recommend one and he agreed that he would try it. After that he called Sam and let him know what happened. Sam sighed and obviously bit his tongue instead of ripping Dean a new one. In the end, he agreed to keep an eye on Cas while he figured himself out.
"School." Dean lied. Castiel eyed him skeptically the kind of look that goes strait through Dean as if you say I know you before shrugging.
"I thought about you every day," Cas mumbled against Deans lips in between heated kisses.
"Your mother would be so proud." Dean looked a little solemn so Castiel smiled gently at him.
Jack stepped away for a moment and his eyes shone golden. Bright and almost scary if it weren't for the number of times they'd seen him use his powers. He held his hands out and the ground started to shake a bit, their whole world a vibrating sensation. The air went stiff and silent and Dean felt Cas lean into him, his broken arm; pressing to his side. Dean instinctively wrapped his arm around Cas to hold him closely. After a moment it was utter stillness. Like being in the confines of outer space. Silent, lifeless, still, and cold. Jack lowered his arms and nodded. He walked back over to the rest of them huddled and Death started the incantation again.
"No!" Dean yelled. He saw Cas hit a tree a ways away and heard a snap followed by a cry of pain. He fought with all his might to get David off of him and scrambled for his lighter. Once he got his footing he tossed the lighter down into the grave and watched David as he started to scream in pain. Dean saw the ghost expelled from his body and the young teen Robin collapsed to the ground in a heap. Dean knew he should help the boy, but he ran to Cas instead. He sprinted across the midnight darkened graveyard to find Cas cradling his arm to his chest. Dean fell to his knees and reached out to examine what had happened.
"What do they talk about?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas," Dean panted.
Dean and Sam were riding in the Impala spending some brotherly time together while listening to Zeppelin.
"Yes. Meg this is my boyfriend." Cas smiled and Dean blushed hard at him. No matter how many times he's heard it now, he doesn't think he'll ever get used to it.
"I- I don't think you're going to like it much. Well, with what you have told me for so many years," he struggled to get it out.
"Yes. You can marry my idiotic son if you want."
"Sounds like you need a distraction." Gabe smirked mischievously.
"So you'll get it with me?"
"I do too, you know."
"Ugh," Cas groaned nuzzling his face in Deans neck.
When they made it back to the bunker, Eileen wasn't there. Sam said she had texted and was going to visit a friend and would be back in time for the spell. Dean gathered all the things they needed for the spell. Honeysuckle, dead mans blood, holy oil, oleander leaves, and the αύρα. Or Cas's feather. He made sure that Sam had the incantation spell ready to go for once they found the reaper. Dean changed quickly before he grabbed they key to Deaths library and the bowl of ingredients.
"Hey!"
The next couple of days, Dean took Cas around Lawrence and took him to meet his uncles Rufus, Bobby and his cousin Garth who Castiel was quite fond of. They invited them and Adam over to Johns house on their last night and had a barbecue in the back yard as the sun went down. They drank beers and talked and played beer pong. Castiel even offered if anyone wanted some weed to which, surprisingly, John wanted some as well. However when Adam wanted a hit John told him no sternly and he rolled his eyes before walking back over to Dean. John and Cas played puff puff pass for a while until Cas started to feel pleasantly clouded.
"Yeah, that would uh- that would be cool." He said blushing trying to act nonchalant.
Samantha nodded and Dean hoisted her up onto his shoulders. She squealed in laughter and started wriggling.
Dean knew that Cas kept singing, but everything faded out to the dull drum of Castiels heartbeat as he faded off into sleep.
"Can I help you?" Cas chuckled, shifting to adjust himself from Deans gaze.
"We have company." Dean and Cas looked at each other before turning back to her.
"I'm gonna go to bed too. I'll wait up for you." He smiled softly and Dean almost kissed him before he remembered Sam was right next to him watching. Cas walked on down the hall and Dean wasn't ashamed to say he watched the sway of his ass as he went. Sam soon headed off to bed with Eileen and after a while and Dean did too in lieu of staying alone. Cas left the bedroom door open and was toeing off his shoes. Dean smiled as he slipped in and shut the door. The hunter took off his jacket watching Cas as he struggled to get his belt off one handed. Dean just stripped down to his boxers while Cas tried to change. Eventually he sighed and turned to Dean.
Fighting back his own tears he sucked it up and pressed call.
"It's an expression, Cas." Dean muttered before crossing his arms and wishing he didn't exist. Luckily no one said another word about it, Sam probably knew that it would make Dean feel emasculated.
Sam and Dean walked up the stairs in a comfortable silence. When they made it inside, Cas was still snoring softly and Dean smiled to himself. He went into the kitchen and handed Sam a beer as he sat at the kitchen table.
"Is this everything?" He asked in a thick French accent.
"Of course I can forgive you, Dean. I love you." He said. Dean came over and wrapped him in a hug where Cas nuzzled under his chin.
"I was about to ask." Sam chuckled.
"She's still with that asshole, but she seems happy enough... and Ma and Dad... they do miss you ya know?"
He was vaguely aware of Cas getting up in the middle of the night. Just from knowing the way he felt his hair prickle on the back of his neck, Castiel was most likely sketching him on the window sill like he often does. He smiled into the sheets before he let himself doze off again.
He looked around the room a minute as if he would just pop in like he used to before he shook his head. Not anymore.
"Yeah, dinner can wait." Dean said licking his lips and picking up Cas's bags. "We'll just tell them your flight was an hour late."
He walked out of the bathroom a golden smile on his face full of contentment and joy. Dean found Castiel in the living room on the phone wearing his usual blue robe and Dean smirked at the thought that they were almost matching. Dean didn't know who Cas was talking to, but if the grin across his face said anything it was that this was a pleasant call.
"Why aren't you taking them? Why did you lie?"Castiel asked, his voice shaking slightly. Dean sighed and clenched his jaw, a look of guilt passed his face.
"I'm interested... go on."
"Tell me a little more about your family."
He looked through the box and started to separate them and put them into order. It didn't take long reading the dates on the stamps, but once he finally did he knew he couldn't stall anymore. He opened the first letter.
"No problem, Cas."
"Mhm." Dean said with his eyes shut tightly.
"See. I told you it wouldn't hurt. Do you trust me now?" Cas said.
Their whole existence was flawed, every other version of Dean and Castiel obeyed what was cut out for the plan of god. But not them, still to this day, they're existing to rebel.
"Bonjour, magnifique." Gabriel said to the taller of the two. The boy blushed and smiled.
smut. im not sorry at this point
And he's all alone again with nothing but a six pack and pain meds. It's the middle of the night. By now, everyone was gone. He assumed Eileen would spend the night, he just hoped he wouldn't run into her during the morning. He looked at his cellphone and it read 2:46 AM. He stretched out of bed and walked out of his room down into the hall. The kitchen was dark and he didn't bother to turn on a light so he just headed for the fridge.
"The porn industry man. Anyways I lost." Gabe said setting his empty wine glass on the table.
Cas sighed and smiled, going into their living room to sit next to him. "Go ahead."
"You know you can say it, right. You've fucked me enough times I think you're in the clear for saying gay slurs."
"How did he know?" Cas asked and Deans eyes went wide. Cas wasn't as quiet as he thought and both Sam and Eileen raised questioning eyebrows at them.
"Well you are," he kissed Deans neck. "Beautiful," another kiss. "Exquisite. Irresistible. Handsome. Ravishing. Divine. Stunning. Absolutely heavenly." He said in between kisses to Deans collar and shoulders. By the time he was done adorning Dean in praise he was flushed red, not just from the shower.
"Gabe was there when I was leaving to come over. He didn't spare a second to tell me about the kinky fun him and Sammy were having."
"Well Sammy, can I buy you a drink?" Gabriel smirked. The taller man blushed and nodded as the two got up and went over to the bar. Dean appeared to be nervous which Castiel felt enduring.
"Yeah. You broke your elbow alright. Shit, I didn't want this to happen."
"Ah yes. Wel, I think you have a gift. I have a feeling that your name is going to be everywhere one day," Cas rolled his eyes. "So if you are interested, I would like to buy that angel painting from you."
Dean had enough to drink over dinner that maybe he shouldn't have driven, but he couldn't imagine going anywhere other than Cas's, and it's not like he had anyone else to drive him either.
"Nah. I don't really want to play anymore." Dean said and Cas shot him an apologetic look. "You win Sammy."
As the slick mess of sex smeared itself against them both, Cas peppered Dean's stunned face with gentle kisses. Dean realized he had never known a peace like the peace he felt in this moment. For a moment he didn't care about anything else but the body of light he had tucked in his arms. He wound his hand through Cas' thick mop of brown hair to pull his lips in for a kiss that resonated to the tips of his toes. The two of them laid there panting, sweaty and messy, but neither seemed to care. They held still for a long while trying to even out their breathing. Dean had never had such an intimate experience with anyone and it made him a little nervous after a while.
"Salut Benny. Deux whiskies s'il vous plaît."
"Well, I would like to take him to the prom with your permission." Castiel joked. Castiel beamed when John barked a laugh.
"Dean?"
"Balthazar had a large collection of ancient items. Relics. Some even stollen from heaven. I wouldn't doubt that they've vanished."
"Yes. So does that answer your question?"
Dean sighed worrying his lip between his teeth and shifting up in the bed for a moment. He opened his mouth like he was about to say something but then stopped and hesitated once more.
"What's wrong?" Castiel asked.
Dean blushed contemplating a moment longer before complying. Anything Cas wanted, Dean would give to him. Besides it's not like Dean hasn't worn panties before. Rhonda Hurley convinced him when he was nineteen and he became addicted to the soft satiny feel. Still the fact that he was wearing them not for himself but for Castiel made him blush. He stripped inside of Cas's bathroom before reluctantly pulling them on. He took a few pictures of himself per his request but couldn't manage to look at the camera.
"Yeah. My backs killing me too." Eileen said sitting up off the couch.
"You should come over." Cas grumbled his voice deep and slightly slurred.
"Hey!" Dean said from behind him. "More like thank you and the Winchesters. God was a pain in the ass." Cas chuckled a bit at that.
"Alex has work apparently and Jody says Claire and Kaya are going on a date tonight." Sam pursed his lips in a smile. Dean shrugged and and huffed a laugh.
"I was on medication, but I stopped taking it."
I wish I didn't have to tell you this over letter, but I don't have much of a choice. I've got cancer. Doctor says it's called hepatic cancer. It's in the liver, probably from all my stupid drinking. I know I did this to myself and I don't expect a response. Haven't gotten one in almost two years. I don't expect you to forgive me for what I've done, I don't expect you to love me, or hell even respect me. But I've got 6 months doc says. Tried to tell the son of a bitch that I'll last longer, but they're saying it's bad. So, I have one wish before I go. And that's to see my boys again. Especially you Dean. My first born. I want to hear all about school and your cooking. I want you to make me something like your mom used to. She'd be so proud of you, just like I am. I'm not asking for much. I'd just like to hear your voice again. I'm sorry son. I love you. Hope to talk to you soon.
"What? I got something on my face?" He asked. Cas reached his hand out and ghosted his fingers across the bruise on his cheek bone. His thumb the brushed and pulled his lower lip down where he could feel the dried scab of its split.
Inias came back out, dressed again thankfully, after a while.
"Can I ask you something?" Allen asked suddenly.
Dean was outside working on the Impala in the hot heat of the summer day. Sam and Eileen left for a little weekend getaway to celebrate their engagement and the little one on the way. Dean and Cas has spent the last two days cuddling and being stupidly romantic like they couldn't normally be in good company. Cas was inside the bunker now, while Dean remained hunched over, looking in the hood of the Impala.
"Good thing your gay and not coming tonight then, huh?"
Dean was suddenly very tired from his orgasm and found himself falling back into the sheets of Castiels bed. Cas pecked a kiss on his forehead as he went back into the bathroom. He came back out a moment later and crawled in bed next to Dean. Castiel pulled the covers above both of their bodies and leaned right up next to Dean.
"Yeah. You were horrible. So bad at sex I kept coming back for almost six months now."
"Fuck you." Dean snapped.
"I've heard yogis talk of a divine emptiness," Jack started. "The body free of its base desires. Some coiled and luminous god in all of us waiting to be discovered. To just pivot. I've followed Chucks road of excess to know the same source and know how it feels to achieve nothing. The nothing that exists after accomplishment. And I've known the emptiness of nothing to say, no reason to move, those things I've built of a Paradise above the earth. I've lived in it almost happily, because what fools the body and mind more than warmth? And more than once I've shared emptiness with someone and learned how generous I could be... right here."
"Just three?" Dean chuckled back.
Thanksgiving comes without incident. Even though people don't celebrate thanksgiving here in France, it's still a Winchester tradition to eat a ton of pies on the last Thursday of the month. Dean had been pushing through school with the excitement of starting break. Break meant that he could fuck Castiel even more often. For that reason it had been over a week since him and Cas slept together, and just as long since Dean asked him out. Dean was usually smooth when it came to asking out girls, they were easy. But with Castiel it was different. Everything with him was intense in a way it never was before. If he was going to take Castiel out on a date he was going to do it right.
"Why don't you date? Like- why don't you want to date me?"
Dean,
Castiel had made the design and Dean fell in love with it. It was a unique cursive style that read the phrase Tout Mon Amour, or All My Love. Dean chose to have the placement right over his heart and when he told Cas that, he pinned him to the kitchen counter and made slow love to him. In retrospect the design wasn't too intricate, but the letter O on Mon was shaped into a heart.
"Dean, it is so good to see you." John said.
"Hey, what's wrong man?" Dean asked stripping off his coat.
"Dean? Where are you?" He asked.
Hello, gorgeous
"When we get back from the beach, can I paint you?"
The first words he ever spoke to Dean. And the mind numbing sound and phantom feeling on his shoulder of his last words.
"Castiel? How did things go?"
Valentine's Day is fast approaching and there is something that Castiel has been meaning to ask Dean about ever since that time they had sex on Deans couch.
Castiel traced his fingers along his back in small patterns leaving goosebumps from the gentle touch.
"I need a break."
"Hey, do you want to go somewhere for Valentine's Day?"
"Yeah, Cas. It's a song. It's a great one too, kinda reminds me of you."
But yeah, he loved him. So many times he thought about what it would be like to just... hold Castiel. To let himself love and be loved. But then he shut off the chick flick moment and forced down whatever it was he was feeling. He couldn't be with a man, not after everything. And part of why he was so angry is every time he thought about holding Castiel, it was followed with the bitter sting and guilt of his father. Those feelings bring him all they way back.
"Okay," Dean said hesitantly but pulled it out of his back pocket nonetheless. He handed it over to Castiel after he punched the passcode in. Castiel opened his contacts and added his own number in putting his name as Cas in the phone. He quickly texted himself and handed the phone back.
"I would love that." Castiel said honestly. The two fell under silence again but with the two of them there, it was never awkward.
"Wanna close the door?" He asked and he heard Cas clear his throat at the click of the door. This part was a little more awkward than he anticipated. Still they had shared motel rooms before, so it wasn't like changing in front of each other was something wildly new, it just felt different now. Cas turned away as soon as Dean undid the button of his pants. Dean almost want d to protest and say it was okay to look, but he didn't. He threw on a pair of sweatpants and took off his shirt that smelled badly of BO.
"The meds did that though. I like your tummy. It's soft and well loved from good food and cuddles." He smiled and nuzzled closer into Deans side.
"He was an ass,"
Dean blinked at the screen, his heart rate speeding before shutting off his phone. He grabbed his cooler, leaving his half full beer behind in the sand. He shoved his boots back on and ran up the steps to the lot where his car was waiting for him. He threw his stuff in the back, ignoring the remnants of sand still clinging to him and hopped in the drivers seat. He ripped out of the parking lot and sped back towards the bunker. He made it back in a little under an hour and loudly entered the bunker. Sam and Eileen were digging through books on the shelves when he came down the stairs.
"I wouldn't mind. Dinner was pretty good if I say so myself."
"So he did your wings?"
"So, correct me if I'm wrong, but you don't seem like you're up for a fight."
"Some place called... Empty? He'd been working, trying to rebuild heaven. So everything is conjoined. And then he said he had to save his father. From the empty."
"Au revoir Monsieur Roman." Cas hung up.
Castiel froze for a moment. He could use the money, a lot. And it would also help to bring his name out there more. But it was Deans.
"Then let me make this official," Cas said with a cheeky grin. "Dean Winchester, will you be my boyfriend?"
"Well I'm glad." Gabe said tossing back onto the couch.
"What do you mean 'which place'?"
"I can only hope." Dean smiled softly.
Castiel has been reaching out to the people he met at Richard Romans art gallery and several of them have already been making him offers. Cas deposited the twenty grand he made off of his cherub paintings, only taking some out to spend on weed and Deans lingerie- a worthwhile expense in his opinion. It's a cloudy day so Castiel decides to make tomato soup with tuna melts to keep both himself and Dean warm. Most people might find Dean irritating for the way he tries to take over with cooking, but Cas finds it enduring. Dean loves to cook for Cas, but sometimes he wants to cater to Dean. Dean had his hands wrapped around Cas's middle kissing his neck when there was a knock at the door.
"Yes you are." Cas said conversationally, stealing a sip from Deans coffee. "I wasn't supposed to feel anything at all, and you were such a bad influence, I rebelled, fell and died more than once because I love you."
"Of course. I've actually been thinking of this as our place for a while anyways."
"Pourquoi es-tu triste?" He asked her.
"À bientôt."
"Of course, mon chéri."
"You could braid each other's hair." He smirked slapping the table. Sam mocked a laugh as Dean walked away.
"Dean, I think you seriously need to consider the possibility of being hate crimed. If you didn't walk out when you did, you do realize that that man could have beaten you up? It's happened to me before, Dean. Homophobes suck yeah, but fighting back doesn't always do good."
"No," Dean laughed. "Those are your lucky numbers. You're fortune is on the other side."
A moment later a flight attendant came up to them. She was a pretty blonde gal with brown eyes, he name tag read Joanna.
"Assbutt." Cas sputtered.
"So I know you were probably just looking for a quick night of fun but," he sighed hesitating finishing his sentence. "If you ever want to do this again that would be really great."
"He's not wrong." Dean laughed. Cas looked like he wanted to say something else, but he didn't. "I've got to take a shower."
My. Fucking. God.
"Uh here," Dean said handing him a letter from Sam's bank. "Dad hasn't sent any letters in a while."
"Smartass. I was just going to ask if Dad knows about you and Gabe."
Christmas Day they only see each other in the morning after spending the night together and then they go their separate ways.
"We're gay, Dean. It's only fitting that our painting is gay as well... I am excited to add some bright decor to the apartment."
"Exquis." Cas whispered.
"Yeah. Looked- fuck at your drawings."
Juggling two boys at the same time.
"But just because you've moved on, doesn't mean you need to try to get back and search for something that no longer exists."
It had been nine days total since he left Castiel. Nine days since he saw his face, his eyes, his hair. Nine days since he saw his smile and his beautiful body. Nine excruciating nights he wasn't in their bed, didn't fall asleep to the sound of Castiels humming or his warm embrace. Nine nights of feeling like his heart was ripped out of his chest. It was too unbearable. He had to hear his voice, at the very least. Had to know.
Dean sniffled and tilted his head up willing his tears not to fall.
Wednesday work? Say 9:00? ~Dean
"I love it. I love you." He said and grabbed Cas's face and forced their lips together. They kissed a moment before Crowley coughed across the room.
"What?! You can't go celibate!"
"No. I was born in Witchita, but I was raised in Manhattan."
"Do you like it?"
Castiel kissed down Deans face to his chest, pausing to nip and lave over each one of Deans nipples until his back was arching into the touch. Dean likes a lot of teeth and a little roughness which Castiel is more than willing to give to him. Cas smiled as he kissed down Deans soft abdomen. Dean wasn't as firm in the middle as Cas was, Deans abs were far softer than Cas's own but Cas loved it. He nipped down his navel, ignoring his weeping hard cock and tossed both of Deans thighs over his shoulders. This was something he had only done twice, none of those times to Dean, but he wanted to give it a try. Without any preemptive warning, Cas licked the flat of his tongue over Deans hole causing it to flutter.
"Love you." Dean mumbled deep into Castiels shirt still half asleep. When the present caught up to him and he realized what he said, he was suddenly wide awake. He looked up and Castiel and based on his face, Dean didn't think Cas actually heard him which came as a relief.
"It's fine," he yawned. "What are you guys talking about?"
"So, what did you want to talk about?" He asked. Dean gestured his forefinger in a movement meaning 'one second'. He got up and strode over to the fridge, pulling out some beers. He went over to sit in front of Sam once more handing him a beer. He popped the cap of his own and wasted no time in guzzling half of it. Sam raised his eyebrows in question and Dean started.
"Hey, what wrong?" He asked sitting down in front of Dean. Dean met his eyes as tears started to flow down and a piece of Castiels heart shattered. Dean collapsed into Cas's shoulder sobbing brokenly. Castiel instantly wrapped his arms around Dean and kissed his hair. Dean couldn't talk right now, so Cas wouldn't push. He would let Dean cry it out until he could catch his breath again. Castiel tried not to cry at the broken sounds and sobs coming from his lover. He tried to ignore the bitter stinging wetness on his neck and shoulder as Deans eyes flowed a river of so many untold things. Cas merely closed his eyes and stroked Deans hair and shushed him until he was just sniffling and shaking, able to breathe again.
"Yeah. I promise."
He looked across the bathroom and decided to get up and wash his face and brush his teeth. When he looked up into the mirror he jumped when he saw Cas behind him in the reflection. He spun around but he was gone. Must be the alcohol or wishful thinking.
"Until we get our tests done. I think it will be fun. By the time we get to go bare we will be incredibly frustrated then." Dean smiled.
Getting his shirt off was a bit bigger of a struggle since Dean really didn't want to hurt him, in the end the both decided against putting a sleep shirt on him. Cas leaned back to sit up against the headboard while Dean dug around in his dresser for pajamas. All of his stuff was dirty so he was just going to have to sleep in his briefs for the night. He turned off the lights so the room was only illuminated by the lamp on Deans side of the bed. Once he got into the covers, Cas smiled softly at him before frowning.
"It means dad, that I want to be with women... and I want to be with men too."
"No. They're in the kitchen." He said bashfully.
"I'm good for now." He smiled as Castiel made his way back into the kitchen.
Probably not. I'll miss you.
"You mean with, Gabe? We didn't... do anything. But he did ask me out for Wednesday."
Sam took one look at their hands and smirked. "I'm surprised Cas likes you before you've had your coffee."
Castiel had spent the majority of the day cleaning his flat making it presentable for company tonight. Castiel had noticed one thing in the time after Dean left, his inspiration to paint had left him. Maybe he was being superstitious, but he hadn't been able to put anything onto a canvas since he finished the skyline.
"Oh boy. Here we go again." Dean exaggerated. "Nothing to talk about, Sammy."
"You've also gotten much better at this." Cas gasped. Dean rolled his balls while toying with the head and just as he was about to finish Dean pulled off with an obscene pop.
"Whenever you want." Cas answered simply.
Later that night, Dean rode Cas on the sofa while they were trying to watch some documentary about bees. Dean fell asleep in his lap short thereafter and Cas somehow managed to carry him to bed. He looked around the bedroom and his peacefully sleeping boyfriend and prayed to a higher power that he could keep this warm feeling in his heart forever.
Sounds perfect.
"Hey there, Dean-o!" Gabriel greeted slapping him on the back. "Cas looks good doesn't he?" He said the last part quieter.
Hello lover
"When's the last time you were tested?"
"Mmm," he hummed. "Knowing you, they're the satin ones. Am I correct?" Dean blushed and nodded. "Comfortable?"
"Sammy likes it and I like to give it."
"Dean! Wake up! Jesus Chri- Dean!" His younger brother yelled. His head was throbbing and he cracked open an eye only to hiss at the bright light.
They managed to separate long enough for them to actually get their clothes off and even then, Castiels blue stripped tie still hung loosely around his neck. Dean ran into his room and came back out with lube and condoms, smiling when Cas shoved him down onto the couch.
More suicidal ideation and tendencies
"How would you feel about having a key here? It's just that- well those times when you drop by unannounced, there always kind of great. And I don't mind having you around. So you could just come over anytime."
"Sure. As long as these aren't from some illegitimate lover and you're cheating on my brother."
"Fuck you." Dean laughed.
"Dean!" Cas yelled. The possessed teenager lurched at him, knocking the shovel from his hands. The boy almost had superhuman strength with the ghost possessing him. David punched him over and over until Dean felt his lip split from the boys ring. Castiel scrambled to help Dean but David somehow threw him with his mind.
Cas's eyes widened a bit and he blushed down making Dean smile. Dean ruffled his hair before leaving the room. Dean strolled back into the library where Sam was, now just eating lunch.
"Oh don't be. Sammy always had a stick up his ass, at least this current one seems to have him in better spirits." He chuckled. Castiel couldn't help but laugh too.
The first touch of the tattoo gun was a bit of a shock, but it wasn't painful. It sort of just felt like a vibration poking at his chest.
"I'm fucked in the head, Cas. I'm broken and I can't have you be the one there when I fall and you can't catch me."
"Of course. But I thought you said I could fuck you?" Dean smirked and Cas rolled his eyes.
"Where is he?" Cas asked voice dripping with anger.
"No I do, I just... I know you and I would hate this to complicate things." Dean cradled Castiels face in his hand, taking in his expression. Cas knows him well, but Dean wants this.
Dean fell to the ground before John yanked him up and beat his head on the concrete wall over and over until Dean felt blood trickle down his neck. He'd never seen John so angry. More punches came, but Dean doesn't remember how many. Just the burn of tears in his eyes, the throbbing in the back of his skull. The taste of iron on his tongue and the pain when he'd tried to open his mouth. He knew he'd gotten a broken rib or two from that, bruises everywhere on his body for weeks.
He quickly stripped his clothes and took a less than five minute shower before throwing on his robe and walking out to find Dean.
"Seeing as it is a public beach, no. Well," Cas thought about it for a moment. "Yeah no. But I can assure you there will be plenty of coitus."
"You are the most caring man, you are the most selfless, loving human being, I will ever know."
Damnit, he could already feel tears burning his eyes. He got up and slammed the closet door breathing heavily. He saw his keys on his desk and grabbed them off quickly before storming out of his room. He passed Sam in the library who was talking on the phone.
"I have hickeys all over my legs." He chuckled. Castiel smiled in sympathy before Dean pointed at him. "Looks like I gave you some as well." Castiel looked down at his body still dressed in the robe seeing no marks. Dean however came up and gently touched spots on his neck before leaning down and kissing each place on his neck.
"Doux rêves ange." Dean said in return. He was right, his French wasn't as eloquently spoken as Castiels own but he wasn't worried about the pronunciation. He was more paying attention to the words he knew Dean had just said.
"Okay so I've only played this once how does it work?" Sam asked
"Nah. We just wrote our own story. We're existing to rebel."
"If you're having a hard time deciding," Balthazar spoke up. "Just know I'm talking a hefty ransom."
It's the middle of the night on Sunday when Cas calls him. He jolts out of his sleep to answer his phone.
"More like desperate housewife, but yes, that too." He joked.
"When us angels were naming the stars we said: this our present tragedy will eventually turn into myth. We were wrong. In the mist of that later telling the bell tolling now will be a symbol, or, at least a sign of something long since lost. This will be another one of those loose changes, the rearrangement of hearts, just fragments of old lives patched together, gathered into a dim constellation, a small consolation. And look," Cas pointed above where he sat up and Dean followed too as Cas moved behind him. "You can almost see the outline there. His fingertips touching his, the faint unison of two bodies breaking into the light."
"I thought you were staying with Sam tonight?" Cas said.
"I love it, Dean. I love you so much. Tout mon Amour. All my loving, is yours." He said as he leaned in and kissed him softly.
smut warning and recreational drug use
"It's not a big deal," Cas said. "I can see Inias any time. Your safety is much more important to me."
"I didn't mean to cross a line by drawing you half naked in your sleep, it's just that you were so beautiful and I felt inspired-"
"Well I'm not exactly fluent, fluent... but I get the gist of conversations and instructions. However my speaking is terrible." He chuckled.
"First of all, gross," Sam rolled his eyes. "And secondly, are you really telling me to practice having sex?"
"I thought I'd take you to Bistrot du château."
"Ooo we should play a game!" Sam said.
"I swear to Jack, you say one thing about Cas I'm leaving."
Dean laughed again.  "No, you idiot. I am very well fucked. Now get over here and cuddle me."
"Well then, let's go. But we should change first." He said looking at Dean.
"Yeah you dork." Dean laughed capturing Cas in a kiss.
"That. That is they gayest thing you've ever said to me. Gayer then all the gay sex dirty talk."
"It's a surprise. But after this surprise, I'm dragging you to go see your father rather you like it or not."
Gabriel was right, Dean seemed like a really great guy. Not to mention he was built like Adonis. The man was a walking sex god, so yeah, he was excellent for tonight.
"Yeah. You want to eat in or out tonight?"
"Like I said. Been busy." Cas said glancing at Dean.
"Hey. I was just coming to see if I got any mail too." Sam said walking up to Dean.
"Your hair has gotten longer since I met you." Cas murmured.
"Thanks, Cassie."
"You said you were gonna fuck it out of me. Come on." He said a slight smile on his face.
"Yeah." Dean scoffed.
He smiled to himself before typing out his reply.
"Fuck, Cas." He moaned. Cas dove back in with his tongue, sliding it in between both of his fingers causing Dean to tremble with need. Cas pulled his fingers out after a moment and suck his tongue deep inside of the tight ring of muscles and sucked hard before Dean was whimpering incoherently.
"I love you too. I promise I won't leave again." Castiel leaned forward and kissed him softly. It was grounding. It was home. He wanted to cry he was so happy but instead he just tried to put as much love into that simple kiss as he possibly could.
"I don't mind. Maybe some other time we could practice." He said with a glint in his eyes. He couldn't find it in himself to say no so he simply nodded an agreement before they continued walking.
Him and Dean both groaned in unison at the first movement and soon Castiel was setting up a pace. Slow at first moving up and down and in slow little circles, grinding himself on Deans hips. Dean sat up to leave kisses on Castiels neck and to nibble his earlobe and Castiel couldn't help the involuntary way his hips jerked with the gesture. They were moaning and whimpering, touching and grinding, panting and sweating for what felt both like minutes and yet like hours. Somewhere along the line Dean managed to flip them over so he was on top. He lifted Cas's leg above his shoulder and thrusted in without relent. In a matter of minutes Dean was pounding into Castiel, practically making him scream in pleasure as his prostate was hit on every thrust. Castiels loved being manhandled like how Dean was don't get him wrong, but his dominant side was persistent as well. Deans thrusts became erratic and Cas felt that hot coil building and simmering so in a quick flip he managed to get Dean on his back for the finale. He practically bounced on Dean panting and sweating as he felt Deans body tense beneath him.
"Huh? Oh um, nothing."
Dean didn't even try to hide the blush that covered his cheeks or the way his eyes widened at that statement. Dean made quick work of stripping the rest of his garments while Castiel cashed the pipe for him. Once the bowl was stashed he handed Dean the lighter only instructing him once on how to do it. Dean smoked a few times in high school but it was suddenly becoming one of his favorite things, as was pretty much anything he did with Cas. As he smoked, Cas meticulously stripped his clothes and folded them one by one, hanging the skirt back up in the closet. By the time he was fully naked along with Dean he no longer felt urgency. He wanted to treasure Castiel. He wanted to map out the surfaces of his body in a way he never has before.
"That's fucking stupid. Well, you're in our family now." John said going back to eating. Cas wasn't sure if John meant what he was thinking, but it still made him tense a little. He still hadn't forgotten about asking John for his blessing. Dean and John talked about the supposed shop where his brother Adam got a job working there now. Kate struck up her own conversation with him. She was nice, he could see why Dean always spoke fondly and quietly about her. After dinner, Dean and Cas headed to a motel in Lawrence where they were going to stay for their visit. When they got there, just for fun, Cas reminded Dean that he hadn't forgotten about the panties and made him cum inside of them without even having Castiel take off the remainder of his own clothing.
"Yes you have. Over and over again. You're with me now. I'm yours, okay? It's just us."
"About going to see your father, I think we should go sometime in the next two weeks." Cas spoke up.
"Yeah." Dean mumbled. Cas lowered his head again and lapped without relent at Deans entrance. Every little touch of his tongue caused Deans legs to tighten and squeeze around Cas's head. Cas didn't quite want to give up on all the noises he was pulling out of Dean to grab the lube so he just spat and sucked on his fingers before plunging two into him at once.
It turns out Inias did get Castiels letter, and claims he still has it to this day. Inias is now a journalist who lives in Paris and is in Compiègne visiting a friend. Castiel is surprised to find himself actually, thoroughly enjoying his company. Inias is nothing like he was when he was seventeen, but that was to be expected. The two laugh and share jokes talking about their lives now. Dinner goes so well that Castiel actually agrees when Inias suggests that they go out again.
"Sammy, all do respect, but you don't know shit."
"You a fan?" He smirked in his cocky tone. The reaper finally turned to face him. He had dark brown hair and eyes and a stall stature. He wore a black suit and pea coat  and pulled out a pocket watch, checking the time before clicking it shut.
They sat their in the presence of one another for a long time, enjoying the dark peaceful silence. Somehow things were said without either of them speaking. It was just so... perfect.
"No not really. I'm not really ready for a relationship at the moment but... the fun parts." He mumbled sheepishly as he flipped the omelet he was making.
"Yeah I am kind of an ass aren't I?"
"Yeah!"
"Of course." He said pecking a kiss on the tip of Deans nose. Dean was walking back into the bedroom to grab his clothes and change when Castiel called out after him. "And Dean,"
"I knew it!" Claire shouted grabbing a beer. Cas yanked the bottle away from her with a stern look and she rolled her eyes.
"The little one? We've become close."
"Again, look how that panned out the last time." Dean threw his arms out in defeat.
"One more thing," Dean nodded hesitantly. "You can never try and kill me again. No summoning me, no more deals, no traps. I do this, I'm done with the Dean Winchester for good."
"I hope you can hear this... well, I need you to anyways. I'm not gonna lie, it'd be way harder for me to say this to your face. You know I've never been one to... share. The whole 'talk it out' thing, ain't really my style. But we weren't done talking. You can't just drop something like on a guy and leave. And I'm still mad at you for that... but... I guess what I'm trying to say... thank you. For everything. All the way back to you ripping me out of the pit. I mean sure, back then I thought you were a winged dick, I mean- you kinda were. But now... hell, you're probably more human than me. You said all those things... about me being a... 'loving man' of whatever. But uh- truth is, you're the most selfless man I've ever met." He laughed a little, "And even though you're not here now, and I-I don't know when we're gonna get you back... just know that we will save you. I will save you... just like you saved me. Goodnight, Cas."
"Now is not the time to make that decision." Castiel panted. This was something that they needed to talk about before it happened so he just continued and rolled it on before slamming home into Dean. They both gasped as Castiels hips hit flush with the backs of Deans thighs. Castiel held still for a minute, if not to let Dean adjust, then to stop himself from coming too soon. Castiel was proud of how quickly Dean adjusted to being like this. How he went from scared to try two fingers and now he's pressing down on Cas's cock to take him deeper in the middle of his living room. As much as Cas would've loved to go slow and listen to ever little whine and whimper Dean makes. As much as he wants to just hold Dean close and fuck him slow and steady listening to his heartbeat pulse and his breath hitch, they are on the clock. Without warning Castiel started moving fast practically slamming Dean forward with each thrust. The sounds of skin slapping filled the room as Dean tried to angle his head for a kiss. Castiels lips and tongue met Deans in a sloppy shaky kiss before Deans head fell beneath his shoulders and moaned. Castiel get that simmering heat building but he was determined to try something.
"He deserves to know. You guys are together now right?"
"Once..." he whispered hoarsely. Castiel nodded silently finishing off his drink and looking out at the bar. He leaned in closer to Deans ear.
"Daddy's very childish isn't he?" Cas whispered to her making her giggle. "Should we go open your presents?"
"I'm not saying it again."
"Oh." He said quick and a little high pitched. "Well, thank you for telling me."
"You have no fucking clue." Dean scoffed an almost humorless chuckle. "Not one."
Dean thought about his friends when he lived in Nevada for a while, way back in 1994. Toes in the harsh sand at the lake with his friends. That night Dean was beat so hard he ended with a broken arm, had to get stitches on his forehead. A concussion and several bruises that littered his face and stomach. Dean learned, don't mess with boys. The memory was a bitter one, so he shoved it down and grabbed a beer out of his cooler.
"Alright no chick flick moments." Dean muttered after the hug lasted to long. The both smiled at each other before heading into the library.
smut warning cause I’m a sucker for bottom!dean
"I'm serious, Dean this isn't like you."
"Yeah. It's me." He sniffled.
Cas looked back at Dean with a glare of disapproval, which made Dean smile a little to himself.
He nodded and continued to read, completely ignoring his brothers requests. After a few minutes Sam sighed and got up from the table. He shuffled his feet dragging them heavily along the floor before the sound stopped. When Dean looked up Sam was standing in the doorway to the kitchen.
Dean followed Cas out to the kitchen where the pulled up two extra chairs for Kelly and Jack. Dean served up Cas's plate before he got his own, smiling softly as he sat down next to him. Sam and Eileen seemed to be all over each other and more 'lovey dovey' than usual, so Dean could only assume she had told Sam about the pregnancy.
"Why?" Dean asked tense.
"Like hell you're not! Do you know what my life was before you? I was a drug addiction, painter who couldn't paint who was fucking random French boys every weekend to fill the hole in my life-"
"Well I've had to deal with a shit hand in life so I've kind of had to tell myself that. Or as they say such is life and there's nothing you can do about it."
He didn't know how long Cas stayed on that window ledge, but he woke some time later to Castiel snoring softly in the pillows with sunlight streaming in through the windows. He smiled to himself and pecked a kiss on Cas's forehead before nuzzling back into him and trying to fall back asleep.
"Thanks, I'm sorry too. It's just uh... this books kind of private." Castiel blushed.
"Please," Cyrus scoffed. "This trap, can't hold me forever. Blades? Cool, got me there. But, you need me. No other demon is going to consort with you, and let's be honest, Dean. I can tell you've changed. You don't have it in you to kill me again."
"Look, I don't normally do this, so don't question it and don't mention it ever again." He turned and held out his arms. Cas hesitantly leaned in for the hug and felt like his bones were being crushed when John hugged him back, slapping him on the shoulder. "You're a good man, son. Deans lucky to have you." John smiled softly.
"Bet you two did."
"That's awesome. So, Deans gonna be your trophy wife?" He chuckled.
"They made it quite clear that a gay son was no son of theirs. They made that bed and now they have to lie in it just like I had to when I was a kid and had to move all the way out to France to pathetically live with my brother."
"I dunno... I think I might be one."
"That's what Gabe calls me. How ironic." Castiel laughed and Dean couldn't help but smile as Cas's bright white teeth shined in the dull light of the living room.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Dean scoffed.
"Ah, shut it ol man." Dean laughed. "How you doing?" Dean asked his dad.
"Would it make you feel better if Crowley did a letter on mine first?" Dean nodded. Crowley chuckled and called him a pansy before doing the first letter on Cas's chest. Castiel never broke eye contact with him and he even smiled as well. Dean looked at Pam and nodded for her to start as well.
They left and went home with their daughter and Cas was hogging her just a bit. He apologized, but Dean got it. He didn't want to let her go either. Sam and Eileen came over and Dean reluctantly let them hold the baby, not that he didn't trust them, but because he loved her so much. He'd only known her for a matter of hours and he knew that he lover her and Cas with the entirety of his being. Not heaven, hell, gods, monsters, angels not demons could take that away from him this time.
"I don't know why. I had to have been pretty bad when we first started out."
"Why were you emancipated?"
Castiel pulled almost all the way out before pushing back in all the way home. Dean let out a moan that was more different than Cas had heard before. It was more high pitched, more desperate. So Castiel moved just like that again, trying to get Dean to make those sounds. He kept the pace slow and steady for well over a half hour but Dean was whimpering in a silent request for more and it was getting hard to hold back for himself as well. Without warning Cas leaned down to suck a mark onto Deans pulse and snapped his hips forward.
Jack froze for a moment, face furrowed in confusion. He almost looked like himself again, considering and contemplating these feelings. Dean always knew Jack was a little broken, much like himself. But the next words were a little unexpected.
"Yet you still take so long." Dean smiled. Castiel climbed up in the V of Deans spread legs running his hands along the sides of Deans thighs. Dean leaned his head up claiming Castiels mouth in a passionate kiss. Before Dean Castiel had never been kissed like this. They way his lips move so gently and yet his tongue is so demanding. Dean reached his hands up and smoothed his fingers along Cas's back leaving goosebumps in their wake. That's another thing Cas never experienced before Dean. No one had ever paid much thought to his tattoos, but Dean treasures them. He touches them and kisses them like they are something to be hidden and protected.
