“Can you tell another one?” She asks. Castiel laughs and shakes his head.
“He spiked my cider with
“Just so,” Dean nods in agreement, mouth quirking on one side. “It gives you vivid dreams?” He asks.
prefer to be with Ellen. Something in her settles his unsettled soul, his yearning for something that was lost in John, found in Jimmy, then lost in Mary, replaced in Jimmy, and then lost again when Jimmy died.
Eileen rolls her eyes. Sam flushes.
“He looks like he’s caught somewhere between tramp-chic, and wannabe metalhead.”
And Lee—Lee Webb had shouted that it was Dean, Dean’s fault, that Dean had jumped him while he’d been trying to piss—
know you’re just about the funniest guy there is.”
Dean nods with his mouth shut and his eyebrows pinched worriedly together.
“I don’t get it,” Dean’s face twitches.
Ellen rolls her eyes.
“Well, me and Cas are filling it,” Dean points out, “and until seven weeks ago, Anna and most of the time, Jo, were filling it too. And we’ve still got three dogs filling it.”
He should’ve recognised the car, but his thoughts had been entirely elsewhere, and in the heavy rain, it was nothing but a pretty, blurry outline of black, anyway.
“And I’m proud of you, for that.”
John’s jaw clenches.
He was cold with her, the child—
“I don’t… I’m not…”
point
'Tis there I'd sit and cry my fill
“Yes, it does,” Castiel replies firmly. “Tell me—”
“Well,” Castiel says softly as Dean leads him down a flight of stairs, “I thought it was an amazing lesson.”
“What’re you doing out here?”
“—Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you.” He stammers quickly. “So when
felt. You literally step into your old self, even if it’s just for a moment?”
Silence.
“Dean taught
dogs in your apartment, that weren’t there, a week ago.”
Castiel nearly snorts.
“’Cause you were
. Nobody is
“No, that makes sense, I suppose.”
Dean opens Bobby’s bedroom door and they slowly approach his bed.
“Corinna I visit a fair bit.” Dean nods. “—There’s a plague ravaging the place right now, though. Did you know that?”
“By ‘you’, you mean Humans, right?”
all this.”
“I hardly took you for something so cowardly.”
“—Like—Kate,” Dean says, and
“Or what?” Dean’s brother laughs.
“As soon as I tell Michael and Amara.”
It’s the first time Dean has seen him in nine years. He can’t make out the other man’s face, it’s turned away from Dean, now. He wonders how it’s aged, if Cas has laugh-lines or worry lines like his father, if he’s muscular, wiry, if he stands tall or if he slumps his shoulders, if he still inclines his head as he speaks, still squints when he’s confused, still uses words longer than anyone could ever think necessary in casual conversation, still can’t dress for shit and wears strange, endearing clothing that shows off his awkward, elegant frame.
But they’re interrupted by one of Bela’s old friends.
“Seriously?” He asks, and seems hardly able to contain his joy. “That’s great. That’s so great! So, like, are you free after school today? We could get ice cream, or something—I know this really cool place, they have, like, a
But Cas takes his hand and traces lines over Dean’s palm as they sit beside the fire, waiting for their fish to cook, and the closed cliffs of the cove keep out most of the wind, but there still comes to be a chill in the dimming light so that Castiel frowns at Dean’s shivering and wraps the blanket Dean brought for them to sit on round both of their frames. Dean leans into his shepherd.
Dean laughs, and still cannot inhale.
“Well, Mary’s pretty good at it,” Dean shakes his head, eyes wide. “You could ask her to tell you what it’s like, if you can’t imagine it—”
“You will be gone from the Kingdom soon, I hope?” She asked, and Michael balked, surprised that even she would make her disgust for him so explicit in front of the King.
Jo could hardly think for how widely she was smiling.
Castiel’s father was never cold towards him when he was alive. Sometimes Castiel thinks he should have been. If it were not for Castiel, his mother would still be living. She had died after, because of, his birth. Castiel had been told that his birth had been complicated, that Castiel’s mother had taken ill afterwards. And so he blames himself. As he ought to.
“Cas—”
He texts Dean:
knew—if I could make you understand how I feel—how I’ve
“I—I’ll let it be enough,” Castiel nods, still shaking. He stares at the ground, then back up into his sister’s eyes. “You are too good to me, Anna—”
“All at the same time?”
dad who’s—” But Dean can’t finish, and so gestures vaguely, hand waving limply in the air to cover up—or at least distract from—the fact that his eyes are again pricked with tears.
After this, the touches blended and bled into one. During the riding lessons they became more frequent, more intuitive, unquestioning: David correcting Michael’s grip on the reigns with his hands, David moving Michael’s feet in the stirrup. All these touches, so soft as though they were natural, were as though David was patting down his own hair, adjusting his own tunic. They began to tangle hands and squeeze fingers, began to run hands down through hair to the back of each other’s necks and hold, just hold, only hold
Dean pulls apart, looking sad to do so. Lisa gazes up at him in an expression of confused wonder.
“I guessed as much,” Castiel answers, still disappointed.
But inside the palace, nothing was more fascinating to Castiel than the creatures scattered across the land below the Angels.
“Would you believe it, if somebody said all that crap to you, that you said to me?”
Castiel definitely wouldn’t say so.
Castiel chuckles, laughter coming out a little fragmented. Apparently he’s thinking about the last time they saw each other, too.
Bobby’s attention has turned back to the jewellery box. Thank God.
“Aren’t all professions regal?” Castiel frowns.
“I didn’t
not wearing something like this, because he’d definitely fall on his way up the steps—as they climb up the stairs to take the award.
them, he can barely see them, he’s crying and should be mortified but can’t be, because printed on every page are declarations, new manifestations, articulations, of Castiel—feeling—feeling
The King’s words remind Dean horribly of something Castiel once said.
missed Castiel.
“No, we were
The morning after their return is supposed to be one of the days that Castiel trains with his brother, but Michael doesn’t visit him for the entirety of the day. Castiel takes no issue with this.
me, you kissed me back, I
“Dean is a descendent of Dawid?”
and kind and smart and bubbly and bright and soft—and she deserves a whole lot more than what Dean’s been giving her. “I’ve gotta go,” His palm cups Lisa’s cheek, and she leans into it, smiling in a beautiful serene haze. She’s
“Yeah, Cas, that’s because it’s embarrassing.”
Gabriel, and it’s what dad would’ve wanted.”
Castiel doesn’t think before he is covering Dean’s hand with his own.
Cas answers by ringing Dean. Dean stares at his phone a moment, before scrambling out of his seat to get to some place quiet.
“Castiel Novak who was convinced until the age of
“She left you here?”
Their mother bellowed, face alive with fury.
“It does, Dean,” Cas confirms with a chuckle.
had been the one to spark his eyes at Dean, follow Dean outside when drunken, Dean had stepped out for cleaner air than the smoke-heavy atmosphere of the tavern. And Lee had followed out and said
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d think that Castiel’s expression, watery eyes and all, was tempted to flit upwards into a smile.
Dean laughs.
“I’ll miss you, too.”
“What about me?” Jody frowns, overhearing her name.
were a kid, Castiel,” Michael rolls his eyes, “I was a young adult. And this house will only
He knows he had behaved embarrassingly, but like a
And of course, Chay would sigh too himself, were his head not such a chaos at the time, Michael would resent Anna for even the word, mother—just as he resented all mothers, it seemed, regardless of their crimes, or indeed innocence. Just as he resented Ahava, and loved the creature that killed her by extension.
The hell is the shepherd talking about?
The song shifts into English halfway through. Castiel wonders what version this is.
trust again. Dean is worthy of it, and almost surprised at Castiel’s easing willingness to share the tensions and burdens of the day, the week, or his sustained unravelling of a month’s worth of grief. With a heart soured by remorse, Castiel wonders if this is what it would have been like, if he and Dean had never had that final fight. Would they call, late at night, Castiel beaming up at his bedroom ceiling as he does, now? Would they, untroubled by the differences of time zones, blink bleary-eyed in the very early morning to gratefully receive a call from the other? Would they pursue a relationship across an entire ocean, or remain only close friends?
“Well, thank you,” she nods. “That’d be great. Would you prefer to wash or dry?”
“Now, Mick,” Ellen sighs. “He’s had a long day—a long few
“—You’re selfish—”
Understanding breaches Michael’s features.
“You’re telling me now, and I’m saying I forgive you, I
popular with Adam. That boy’s got a serious sweet-tooth.”
let my relationship with Sammy get as poisoned as yours with Lucifer. Never ever.”
“Uh, yeah,” he confirms. “How did you know?”
sympathies,
“I think you know why not.” They’ve reached the door of the auditorium. Dean stops outside of it. “So,” he starts, a little withdrawn, but still frank as ever, “you want me in there, or not?”
Castiel’s heart sinks.
He takes another long drink.
“I’m beat,” he states.
Dean surges forward, eyes bleeding—no, watering—and shoves Castiel back with enough venom to stun the other boy.
“Quite the opposite, actually, Dean,” he answers honestly. “You think I wouldn’t want a friendly face in there? When I’m talking to students years younger than what I’m used to, about how I got where I am, which even
“Have you spoken to him since getting back?”
“Hm,” Dean shrugs, unconvinced.
do, shepherd?”
Dean looks up at the sky. The sun is high overhead, white in the blanched air.
celebrating, aren’t we?” Dean grins to her, and Ellen titters and ruffles his hair. Dean is almost taken aback by the gesture, he stops short for a couple of moments, heart in his throat. Everywhere, from the top of his head where she touched him, to his very fingertips, tingles warmly.
This riles Dean up again.
to be a bulshy adolescent—”
Balthazar sits down. Castiel smiles by the very corners of his mouth, and does the same.
“Right,” Dean nods. He swallows thickly. His heart still hammers against his chest. “—Um—it’s this way,” he says, leading Castiel down some narrow stone steps and into a small courtyard with blazing green grass. The Angel smiles humbly and follows him.
Dean, but I was meant to feel
“It was my great pleasure to crack you open,” Castiel noses at Dean’s neck.
“So is that your wedding ring?”
are sung.
“What’s up with you?”
Spring emerges from behind closed leaves. The farm takes on more hands, and Dean, for the planting and barn repairing after the winter, is called from the focus he had sustained for months, on shepherding. He misses the days watching the size of Cas’s steps, the fascinating and focussed movements of his hands, he misses watching the sun glint of Cas’s bright and ice-fiery eyes, he misses the smell of water on grass as Cas’s voice, a voice like music, sounded in his ears.
“You know,” Dean laughs breathlessly, “that day of shiva—where Mara dumped Beth on me—I so badly wanted to impress you. Wanted to make you think—
“When I was duelling him, I beat him. Twice. Had there been a crowd intent on watching Dean, I’m sure they would’ve been far less impressed than usual.”
“Well, we can totally do it at your pace. And you can do it alone, if that’s important to you, or I can be there with you if you need me. And it’s only in the kitchen. It’d be pretty self-contained, hopefully not too overwhelming. And you could take as many breaks as you needed.”
“And what about you?” he asks. “Are you still happy to stay my brother, after I shouted at you like I did?”
Castiel laughs hoarsely. He wants to kiss Dean.
He kicks them back, and seizes the white sword without hilt of the fallen Nysrogh just as the two Demons attempt a second attack, and Vine rejoins the fray.
“No chance,” Dean grins as Cas trails his fingers through his, tugging them gently as they make their way out the room and down toward the kitchen.
“I suppose I should be,” Mary hardly suppressed her smile—it was in Cai’s nature to be playfully flirtatious with whoever he spoke to, something in his manner and his long, dark, ringletted hair and warm black eyes had half the city in love with him, and at least another quarter deeply infatuated.
no. Gabriel is
He looked up, gaze struck with something new. He frowned at her. Across the blue of his eyes, so like his father’s, swam a sea of silver.
He tosses the ball accusingly back to Dean.
“You don’t…” Dean grumbles, looking down. “He called when he landed, saying he was home, safe and dry. But—he’s a busy guy, I don’t wanna stop him from getting his work done…” Dean swallows. “I’ve told him he can call me, if he needs anything.”
He breaks off. His voice is crackled both by the radio, and his tears.
The woman who, upon her answer, prompts Castiel to think that
“Never,” Dean shakes his head. “Never, Castiel.”
“Thanks, Ellen, that’s not at all patronising,” Dean deadpans, rolling his eyes as he pulls on his boots.
“They are,” Castiel nods wisely. Dean guesses that the boy probably knows
Michael, tanned, with jet hair cut short, and with feminine, elegant features, piercing blue eyes and a charming smile, sparred with pale, sandy-haired, gray-eyed Lucifer; features heavier and less delicate than those of his twin’s. With lower cheekbones, fast where Michael was strong, strong where Michael was fast, bold where Michael was reserved, and reserved where Michael was bold. The pair were such stark opposites that they matched one another perfectly; Michael’s body lithe where Lucifer’s was unyielding, Lucifer’s actions calculated where Michael’s were instinctive.
Dean shakes his head.
“Did you make him happy?”
The dark haired boy, ordinarily with such a talent for words, cannot seem to finish or find them.
“It means Elm tree, in Cornish, and she was found beneath one—”
Michael replied, kneeling down beside his father and presenting the newborn to him.
“Yeah.”
a language, but Dean will speak it before the fortnight is out. And certainly before the new shepherd arrives. In a few days, Dean is sure, Bobby will be sending word to the poor bastard that actually, they no longer require his services. Bobby’s own godson is
“Thanks, Dean.”
“Yes, actually. Um—poetry, mainly.”
“Oh, a while longer. These students get ridiculously long vacations.”
“—Thank you,” Castiel looks up at Dean. He smiles down, his hand grazing Cas’s shoulder a moment before he goes. Something in his manner is nervous and taut, now that they’re in the presence of the others. Neither Dean, nor Castiel, seem to know how to act around each other. Castiel begins to eat, but it’s hard to balance eating, talking, and signing. His head is reeling, anyway, heart caught in his tightened throat in the face of everything that happened, out in the rain—plus Miracle, whose head comes to rest on Castiel’s knee, wordlessly asking for a share of the food. Castiel feels guilty that he doesn’t share—but can dogs even eat burger? Anyway, he’s hungry. Sam is pretty insistent on asking him questions, until Eileen rolls her eyes and tells him to leave Cas alone and give him a chance to eat at least a
“Angels having problems of their own?!” Dean scoffs, still glowering over at Castiel.
has Cas been ignoring Dean’s prayers, listening with careless ears, knowing the weight of such feelings coming from Dean’s heart and doing—doing
“What—do I feel angry with you, now?” Castiel asks, eyebrows raised indignantly. “I’ve told you so many times, Dean, we’re friends again, and I’ve forgiven you—”
in fact reduce him. “Cas I’m so sorry,” Dean shakes his head, and Castiel’s breath stammers over itself. “I know it’s too late,” he confesses brokenly. “But I hope it’s not, not
“But for the record, Cas, I wish you could stay, too. Or, I wish I could go with you,” Dean’s eyes crinkle at their corners.
“It’s fine,” she shakes her head, “I was dating, I was having fun. I just didn’t want to commit, if I didn’t feel what you and dad feel.”
Now they blot over onto his cheeks and have such a hold over his windpipe that he can’t breathe.
being outside and, they quickly discover,
“Oh,” Sonny says. “I didn’t—didn’t know angels could have children. Didn’t know they
Dean laughs again,
“I missed you,” Cas’s teeth graze at Dean’s neck. His lashes flutter.
“This sufganiyot’s really good,” Dean grins.
Entering, he’s met by the sight of Bobby, unsteady, wavering on both his canes as he leans forward to speak to Elowen. He doesn’t hear Dean entering, he’s so absorbed in his conversation with the bird.
war—”
“He shot my friend!” She shouted back, frown biting back across her face.
“Can I touch them?” He asks again, and all Castiel can do is nod weakly. Dean lets out a shaky breath that reminds Castiel to breathe, himself, but the air is knocked clean out of his lungs all over again when Dean’s fingers dance softly, timidly over Castiel’s feathers.
“You guys put a movie on,” Dean fumbles with the oven switches. “I’ve got this.”
He finds out while in Sammy’s new apartment: it reeks on the street outside and some pretty shady stuff seems to be going on two floors below; the walls are stained and it smells of damp and Dean, while attempting Sammy’s dishes because his brother has been incapacitated with what he assumes is sorrow and later realises is smack, finds hidden in a teapot like the stash of a fifty-year-old, broke down, beaten hippie: a bag of dirty looking powder, like crumpled poppy seeds and ash.
“Dean!” Krissy exclaims, excitedly clapping her hands and stamping her feet in a way Castiel isn’t sure he likes; it thunders the entire treehouse.
“Dean!” Cas exclaims.
Jo laughs, looking about her.
“We can tell,” Castiel says, rolling his eyes and picking up discarded cups, setting them by the sink. Dean honestly thinks he’s going to cry with regret. “Why?”
He looks up at its great mass, a portrait against a receding skyline, a setting sun brushing amber and coral against the clouds. He remembers entering, those years ago. A breath in the life of heaven. A new lifetime, to Castiel. He remembers delivering his message. He remembers Dean.
“My name,” the shepherd says, voice low, but not with conspiracy, “is Castiel.”
“I just took him to the airport,” Jimmy says, softly. “He’s checked in and everything. His flight’ll be around now.”
“Do I have to do this, brother?” Castiel asks. He sounds childish and petulant.
“And I’ve been a bad
He throws the ball to Dean. Dean catches it and frowns.
“What makes you say that?”
anything from Jo, you know? I always wanted her to map out her own life, and ask for help when she needed it. But silence isn’t the same as acceptance. And Jo—I’d always thought of her as so brave, as never needing anyone’s acceptance. But how could I think that? She’s a
“You’re an ass.”
“How do you know I’m from a different kingdom to you?”
“And?”
“You’re not too bad a student,” the shepherd says warmly. “You listen well, when you want to, and you’re sharper than most, perhaps,” he says, and says it warmly, “one of the brightest people I know.”
Not with me. You know how that makes me feel?”
“Cas, did you know that the guy behind the bar has been hitting on Dean?” Charlie asks, wobbling a little as she laughs. Dean scowls.
“Fine. Can I borrow some clothes?”
and a very battered one at that
angel could be considered a lower class—generally have grey wings, or dull cream coloured wings. Royalty and nobility often, if not always, have more than one colour in their feathers.
“Which is why they are so protected,” Castiel says. The moment glitters around them. Not many sources of light. One. Dean.
“And, what, you’re not?”
“That sounds beautiful, Dean.”
“I know, Dean,” Castiel squints, confused. Dean pulls a face, but in a nauseous wave it changes again, and he carries on staring as before, eyes wide and sad. “What’s your point?”
appalling,” she sighs, shaking her head.
“And,” Dean continues,
“But he said so, eventually?” Dean asks.
Dean nods.
“You never listen,” Dean shakes his head hopelessly. “You’ve never—if you listened
and the sob of Castiel’s name is out of Dean’s chest before he knows that he’s made it. Castiel has stood, alarmed, and pushed his chair back with a clatter as it tips backwards onto the floor.
The class, all grinning, begin to chatter and make their way in a confused yet determined crush to the edges of the classroom, where, Castiel realises, everything from drums to guitars to cellos to saxophones, while Dean hands out the music. Soon, everyone is singing, playing, drumming out a song by Tracy Chapman.
“Heaven doesn’t have days off,” Jack shakes his head as Dean pulls back. Dean frowns.
He leaves.
He’s stood beside the fire, turning to Dean. Stepping inside Dean sees he’s heating water for some kind of tea—and knowing the shepherd, it really could be
“We’re good friends,” Dean decides, and winces, because even as he says it he knows how stupid it sounds.
“Right…” Castiel mumbles, following after him, more than a little confused.
“You’re gross.”
“Oh,” Dean twists at the engagement ring, this time, “I made this from the knife I stabbed Cas with.”
After the meal, Dean grabs Castiel softly by the wrist as Sam exits the Dining Hall.
lifted the young master up, he might be able to reach high enough?”
This is the house they lie in, now, both nearly passed out on the couch, bundled up together with a tiny baby grandchild curled into Dean’s chest. For some unknowable reason, they thought hosting the family, the
Dean and Castiel spring back from each other in shock.
“You used to love the Angels,” Sam states quietly.
“You see, Mr Singer’s the sort of man to forgive a rent being late, in the tighter seasons—whole months we’ve gone, and others, during hard times, and Mr Singer patient through it all. But Sir Alastair…” Penryn swallows, shaking his head. “You’d be at risk of houselessness, and many are. He put’s ‘em out, down the lane, and not a second thought, I don’t think. Even in mid-winter. And to hear the way he treats his workers…” He glances up at Dean. “No, he’s not the sort of man to join the threshing, or the sheering, or the lambing. Well, Mr Winchester, we must remind ourselves of our great fortunes.”
“Well,” Ellen says, “it’s early days, and they’re not sure. It’s good—I mean, if we’d found out, later—”
“Oh my God,” Jo says, eyes widening. “Dean’s proposing—”
“And you
“But moving on is hard,” Sam says, in that voice of signature understanding. He and Eileen moved out months and months ago, and now he’s come down to help Dean do the same. Life is a constant act of holding onto some important things and relinquishing others. Dean never knows which is which. Sam’s better at this stuff than him. Most people are better at this stuff than him.
Nothing in the heavens.
a place costs money, too,” Mrs Penryn states, downcast. “And if you’ve a family, you can’t simply uproot everything, on account of a little discomfort. Mr Chambers thinks it wiser to negotiate with Sir Alastair, than risk everything on the gamble of displacing his wife and child to some new parish, with some new master who might not pay enough, and provides even less.”
and Dean can’t even feel
“Lisa will get it,” Dean shakes his head. “She’ll get it,” he repeats. He squeezes Castiel’s arms. “And you’re way more important than some dumb party.”
“Just Cas?” Sam asks. “Or other—other guys?”
“How much longer do you think the stay will be?” Castiel asks.
“Aw, thanks, Gabe,” Dean flushes. Gabriel doesn’t even reply, he’s already grabbed a brownie and is stuffing it into his mouth. Dean remembers how much the guy likes fucking
But he sits up abruptly when Ellen opens the door properly, and he sees who is outside.
“How big? And what kind of red?”
“I do,” he admits. “…Is that—surprising?”
The rain is like the chiming of music around him. The fire in his head billows smoke and flashes light but Cas—Cas, the thought of purest light, has entered it. Dean takes a fearful step forward, like Moses at the burning bush, like a man remembering his faith. His voice ekes out like a drop of water. A drop of water, compared to the hurricane within him.
“You dislike my playing, Winchester?”
“You blame yourself,” he states. “But for—for what? For how much?”
“A lot,” he confirms. His mom frowns at a grass-stain on his arm and tries to rub it off. “Did you know that there’s more than one kind of bumblebee?”
“Sire,” they bow, but are breathless, the feathers of their wings slanted and ruffled by some forceful, fitful flight. “Sire—forgive me—” Michael makes a gesture with his hand, pressing the Angel forward.
dude,” he reminds. “What rule are you breaking? We’re not your students, any more, and you’re not our teacher. I don’t even know why we’re calling you
choose the speed for this. I’ll be happy with whatever.”
“Only because I have food.”
“That’s…” His voice grates against his throat. “They must miss each other…”
“We’ve always considered ourselves fortunate, to live upon Mr Singer’s land,” Mr Penryn provides.
Benny is looking at the ground with heavy, sad eyes as he rides, silent. Dean’s ears heat and guilt coils up, ugly, inside of him—the knight’s face is red and embarrassed.
“I always liked that one,” he says shortly. Renewed tears press at Dean’s eyes.
“Yeah, you timed everything
“If he really cared about you, he’d want you to go, he’d want you to be happy!” Dean exclaims. “I know
And in his heart is the wild roar of the Atlantic.
“Had I stayed in Dione, and they lived, I am quite sure I would have died. My mother could be
“You’re a hipster. And a nerd. You know that, right?”
“Remember that Adam is in the throes of youth,” he reminds. “When I was his age, I was
could.
“I haven’t even
“Can’t admit it to
“And what do you think of Keats?” Cas asks, instead of rising.
“Twelve?” Dean suggests.
“Yeah,” he admits squeezing his fingers together.
but the Angel presses his lips hard onto Dean’s jaw and in the next moment his mouth is against Dean’s. Dean’s hands move up to Cas’s hair without even realising; the world is falling, falling all around them, all is turning to dust.
“I don’t understand,” Dean shakes his head, his voice quiet.
“As I said,” he says, softly, “you won’t believe me all at once. And, you know, I can’t blame you. I can still barely believe that it’s a love you return. But it is a love returned. A perfect circle.”
stay,
“Made this pie, for one thing,” Dean smiles. “Which was no small feat, considering the direction I had to give to Adam and Sam in the kitchen. Those two could burn water.”
The older man softens.
“I’d stay for a person I loved, I think,” Castiel says, slowly. “And Samandriel was right, and I think he knew he was right, but I don’t think… I don’t think he wanted to be right.”
But Adam gapes, and grins, and the shepherd nods his way through the story, eyes sparking.
“And what, he was yours second?”
“Yeah,” he swallows thickly. “John was… pretty good at that kind of thing, right?”
“What’s the problem?” Dean repeats, over the confusion. “Who is Uriel, to you?”
too perfect,” he explains, driving through a light snow.
“You got in a fight?”
Should
“Come and sit,” Cas kicks off his shoes and crosses his legs under him, sitting at the top of his bed.
At last, Cas turns to look at him. As always, Dean struggles not to get lost in those bright blue eyes. But looking at them now, Dean thinks, something in them seems to have dimmed in the evening light.
“I thank you.”
The empty hallways are eerie, as always, in a school that Castiel remembers as being crammed and bustling—but with everybody in classes, the school feels almost like a ghost town. High schools always seem caught at the meeting point of hospitals and prisons in terms of their decor.
“Or endanger you,” he continues. “I didn’t want to endanger you. Here seemed safe. It’s quiet. It’s always quiet. Even at the end of the world.” More wails sound for the city streets. “Or, quieter,” Dean admits, and the little remnant left of his heart begins to flake, “than the rest of the world.”
“If you’re wanting to make out,” Castiel shuffles awkwardly, “I don’t think Lisa’s bedroom would be the best place—”
“I don’t know where you got your sentimental streak from, child,” he says.
They’ve taken their rods with them, and find a stream smaller than yesterday’s to fish in, catching and returning a few shiners as Zola sniffs about, intrigued by the fish they catch, a little wary of the water, trotting up and downriver and occasionally paddling in the shallows. Dean catches a white bass, Zola eventually jumps into the middle of the stream and gets soaked, bounding out only to soak both Dean and Jack by shaking dry. Jack grins and wrinkles his nose—it makes Dean smile to himself. At this, they decide to call it a day.
Dean nods. “And why are they coming to
“Well. I’m flyin’ my white flag, buddy. Do angels have a history of accepting truces?”
don’t,” Dean states, simply, and Castiel smiles, small, at his words.
“I mean,” Dean says, heating under Novak’s gaze, “as long as you don’t hurt yourself, I can’t see why not.”
“But you told him how you felt?”
“Okay, sorry. Stupid question.” He frowns at the ground and fumbles with his hands again. “So, is she married, now?”
Well, he was lucky, so far, on his journey. It’s only right that he should be drenched for the last portion of it. Castiel presses forward, mind reeling with possibilities, excuses, to say to Dean, when they see each other. But Dean doesn’t deserve lies. He deserves the truth, deserved the truth, when Castiel was taken by the Empty, just as much as Castiel deserved to speak it. At last, at last, at long last.
“You’ve grown up so much,” Ellen sighs, and it’s both nostalgic and patronising. “It’s so strange for me to think about the little boy—”
“You’ve quite the gift with her, Novak.”
New Year’s is beautiful, and Cas was right. After 3 days of celebration they rest in Edinburgh for another night before heading down to England again, to London and visiting Bela in Chelsea and staying with Balthazar in Soho before heading to Cambridge. Though both are filled with old buildings and a sense of impending history, Cambridge is worlds different to Edinburgh. Oppressively flat, particularly in comparison to Edinburgh’s constant rise of aspirational hills, and tiny: a city centre that could be crossed in five minutes if it weren’t for the fact that it is crammed like a sardine can, and moving forward is made difficult for the masses of people, particularly around important landmarks. Which, the whole place being so cramped, occur once every ten metres.
“Would that be okay, Dean?” Ellen asks, looking over to Dean, a wide smile still fixed to her face. Dean swallows hard.
He says it so simply. So simply. Home. As if Cas ever had one.
“Stop acting like a parent! You’re my
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOIRA ! this chapter is for you! i hope you had a beautiful day you're one of the best humans out there <3 big love
Castiel slips his hand into Dean’s. He rarely does this, anymore—not unless the two of them are alone, he’s learnt that Dean can get a little embarrassed by it, despite how much the contact seems to comfort him—though when they were children, they did it all the time.
Gabriel starts in a smug and knowing tone,
“Maybe,” he admits. “I haven’t…” But he trails off. He doesn’t want to think of Lee, and everything that happened afterwards. Not here. Not here in the soft small press of the bed and not in the envelope of Cas’s arms. He wants to think of all things warm and firm and gentle, he wants to think of the feeling of the sun on his face as he walks through long grass or of plunging his hands into lavender-scented waters after delivering lambs. “Is it bad, that it does?” He asks, peering nervously, hopefully, at Castiel. The shepherd only twitches a small smile, grazes the back of his fingers against Dean’s temple.
Sometimes Dean speaks in tones and visions beyond his comprehension; referencing a beyond he seems convinced Castiel has access to or memory of. But Castiel’s beyond isn’t Dean’s, he knows the distortion death throws into notions of home, but all of this distortion was for him distorted further first by moving home, then by finding Dean.
A pang of longing. Dean gets up.
“You like that?” Dean asks, his voice thick and quiet in the dark air of the courtyard. Castiel nods. Dean’s nose bumps with Castiel’s. “I like doing it,” he says softly, and Castiel doesn’t think before he spreads his wing out further, a silent request that Dean touches
“What’s her name?” Dean asks.
for Castiel to take him, only to have the Angel deny him and state that he’d be taking advantage of Dean’s vulnerability. And that part had hurt, too. The fact that Dean had been vulnerable—the fact that Cas had
shares stories with Dean, his own stories, and where Dean with his big and beautiful eyes like two little green planets made of plants turned into glass will stare, enchanted, enchanting, mouth slack before he exclaims something about how good Castiel’s stories are.
Anna shrugs, attempting to comfort the younger Angel.
When Cas has finished his drink and must return to playing, Dean ruffles at his hair and leaves, inviting Ellen to dance with him, who beams and warns him not to spin her anywhere near as violently as he and Jo had, each other.
, you know—”
Dean could say any number of things, now. It looks, in fact, as though any number of things really do flash across his eyes as he gazes back at Castiel. But then he settles on one like it’s gravity that pulls him to it.
Lisa sighs wistfully.
Sammy’s addiction is worse than Dean ever could have initially imagined. His brother is being weaned off Demon blood little by little; to cut him off completely would apparently be to kill him. Honestly, Dean can believe it, looking at his brother’s tired and sunken eyes, his paling waxy skin, his depleted strength. To allow Sammy to continue drinking Demon blood as though it were water – well; Dean knows enough about Demon witchcraft to know what would happen. He would lose his brother, and not to death, but in the same way Dean thinks he is doomed to be lost. He loses more and more pieces of himself with every passing day. Whilst practicing in combat he grows more and more ferocious, more thoughtless and
Michael out.”
“Sold a few more of my medicines. Took a visit to a friend.”
at it. And why? Why?! Because Dean’s ego is so fucked up, so in need constant flattery and bolstering, that he enjoyed the attention of his best friend, even when that affection disgusted him? How could Dean
Dean’s cheeks heat.
“Again, I can help,” Cas offers once more.
Dean swallows.
What is Dean singing about? A long lost love, Castiel thinks. Definitely—but who? Broken promises and missed chances and the foolishness of youth—is this Lisa that Dean has captured in song? His first real girlfriend and, most likely, first love?
“I look forward to it.”
it speaks softly, and the ground changes beneath Dean’s feet, the walls of the castle spin and morph into something new, Dean feels giddy and sick.
Oh yeah.
“Thank you, sir,” one of the voices calls below as Dean finishes his hammering.
He lies back down on his bed, the back of his head falling onto his pillow, and stares up at the maroon canopy of his bed, recalling the feeling of Castiel’s hands on his back.
“I should go,” Dean manages to choke out, half-humorously. “I’m sorry for—I won’t be stopping by, tomorrow, anyway. Sorry. I didn’t know about the shiva thing—about you not leaving the house, I mean. I wouldn’t have asked, if I’d known. Sorry.”
Dean sighs.
The bedframe is handpainted a pale blue. Mick has laid Dean’s belongings, what few of them there are, on the otherwise crisp white sheets. The worn, exposed wooden beams about the room and on the ceiling make the place feel like a cradle. As if on cue, prompted by this comparison, Bobby appears at the doorway and makes Dean’s skin raise by saying:
Dean stares at the space between them.
Michael laughs, gently.
“That’s a relief. He seemed to quite hate us, to begin with.”
“You’ll be picking me up?” Dean wrinkles his nose, patronised.
swirling and attacking itself over and over. It churns into nothing less than a tempest inside Castiel’s skull; Castiel doesn’t know
“Happy birthday, Dean.”
He shrugs.
“Yes, choosing the mark to save your brother was an unwise decision,” Castiel agrees. “Regardless of your relationship with the Angels, you could have come to us for help. We could have helped you. We would have
“Or just coffee?” Dean amends. Sam turns back to Eileen.
But not for long.
Victor’s face darkened, but John pulled a dismissive expression.
The shepherd hands him a cup. Dean wraps his good hand around it instinctively, the shepherd smiles at the gesture.
Uriel didn’t answer. He had, at least, given Jael the best advice the
“I’m sorry for what I said in the car,” Castiel says, but Dean shrugs distractedly.
education I mean
to—” Dean’s jaw is tightening and he can feel the humiliating heat of tears at his eyes, stinging his vision. His hand moves to grip the long table, instead of the silver of his knife and fork, desperate for an object a little more grounding to touch. He is anxious, he’s floating away from the earth, his head spinning while his father’s ugly words of duty and responsibility come ringing in his ears like the sound of bells cutting at air.
love with.
The evening draws steadily and quietly out. Little is said. When he, Victor and Benny sit around the fire in the drawing room, Victor begins to hum another carol, and in his eyes the reflection of the flames dance. Dean watches them with a pulse on edge which he cannot soothe entirely, much as he wants to. Victor hums
“I don’t—” Dean struggles, falters. What’s Cas looking for, here? It wasn’t John, and his mother wasn’t around long enough to teach him how to love, or show it. So what can he say? It’s with  wretched defeat that he finally replies. “No one,” he answers, saddened.
Castiel bursts into laughter, beaming.
And so their evenings are a slow unstitching, restitching. Where do they restitch? They seem to unweave themselves from the hurt of their own lives—reluctant secret by reluctant secret—and re-bind themselves to one another. Trust is an act of entwining. The two are bound together by what they share, but
But the shepherd
Should not.
You haven’t made that journey, across the Atlantic.
“And almost as delicious as this pie I’ve made,” Dean grins into the shepherd’s neck. Cas trails light fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean thinks he can feel Cas nosing at it and breathing in, deep.
“Why’s
Dean didn’t even shove him back with violence and vehemence
to sound like.”
“I can name the stars,” Castiel begins, “probably vastly different things to what you name them.”
“And lots of it, I see,” Dean murmurs in assent. The girl glances at him and flickers a smile.
He asks, worry and confusion twisting his face into even more of a frown.
Michael states, standing up, voice trembling with finality rather than uncertainty.
—was there, staring at Dean like he was a dead bird, an
“—I did, too—” Dean scrambles up to his feet and stands next to Castiel.
“I don’t want anything to happen to him,” Castiel replies sincerely. Ellen’s expression, as open and candid as flowers in the early morning sun, is prompting something previously untapped in him to come pouring out. “And I don’t want to
“Last I checked,” Dean counters with a frown, “lesbians weren’t exactly cocktail experts, either. I thought you all just went for lager?”
And then he left, too.
“What, you thought I’d take kindly to being kicked out?”
“No matter what, Your Majesty, you’ll have me. And that’s a promise. I’ll be by your side, as your knight, whatever happens.”
“Eileen just called,” Sam says, and silver twists across his eyes to turn them glassy with relief.
“How so?”
“Aw, yeah, it
“Yes, Dean?” he asks. Dean sits up so that he’s sat on his knees instead of hunched on all fours.
Michael observes—and is that a smile in his voice?
you.”
“I’m your mother. You have to do what I say.”
“He said it
Somebody knocks at the door. Why are they
Quiet for a moment.
“There’s little better,” he nods, “than the sound of sleep from a contented working dog.”
This changes in the sparking chaos of a single night.
be, I guess. Our dad was a good guy, so…” His attempt at a laugh towards the end of this sentence comes out grated and utterly unconvincing, which he probably recognises, as the sound is cut stagnantly short. “Well,” he sighs, now. “Y’know. We loved him.” He looks down, copper hair flopping over his furrowed brow. “It sucks.”
“You know that’s not true—we have protection, allies—the Demons aren’t going to try to do anything to us. Not if it risks the Angels and other Human Kingdoms reacting to it.”
“—Only those low in the sky.
“He was almost a captain,” Ellen shakes her head. “He climbed up the ranks remarkably fast for a maidservant’s husband.” She laughs a moment. “Sir Robert was in a similar position to my husband—after that night of the attack on Hera; because of his services to the Kingdom, he was knighted and went on to become John’s most trusted advisor. But before that, he and my husband were close friends and in a similar ranking. Robert and I were friends, too.”
“You really don’t have to do that, Castiel,” Bela tries to soothe sympathetically, “not after everything—
“Why?” He asks.
“I play most weeknights,” Dean informs, swallowing down the melancholic look that has flickered across his features. “Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays. Sometimes Fridays and Saturdays, if money is tight.”
“Yikes,” Dean frowns, both nervous and relieved. “She said that?”
Cas explains, with his voice that, every time Dean hears it, he falls in love a little bit more.
“I really am sorry, Castiel…”
“They’re all rather rude,” she laughs honestly, as though she shouldn’t be saying any of this. “From what I’ve seen so far.”
“But I have loved you—been loved by you.” He looks back up. “It’s enough.”
“That’s what it is!”
“But,” he says, quickly, “you say you prefer the company of your birds to that of people. Yet you seemed pleased enough at the prospect of new neighbours, when I met you. Would you have me believe you’re
“Since Jimmy died,” Charlie explains, a little frank, and wobbling slightly—and Dean wonders how many cocktails
“Is fine,” he states.
a birthday since before he was twelve years old—but Ellen and Bobby are both insistent on making an occasion of this. He and Cas are due to begin work shortly afterwards, but he’s caught up in a surprise of gifts which he is—he doesn’t want to admit—incredibly touched by. But Novak, however hurtfully, slips out of the room during this time. Dean frowns sadly at the doorway he has just taken his absence through—Sam catches this look, and Dean glares at him in silent answer to his raised, concerned eyebrows. They finish up their breakfast—Dean thanks Ellen warmly and sincerely but is still distracted and disheartened by the shepherd’s leave-taking—and Dean picks up his gifts to put in his room: tobacco, from Bobby, and a fine and slender pipe to smoke it from; a hand-made hat from Ellen to keep him warm, and an hand-embroidered handkerchief from her, as well; a new deck of cards from Adam with bright eyes and a hopeful
“You look sad.”
“Sírecht,” Dean repeats, and he thinks of the wandering flats of Kansas and the golden sun.
“My parents, the previous King and Queen of Dione, are lost,” Bela says, ignoring Dean’s question. She turns back to face Dean, flicking a wayward streak of her light brown hair, faintly waved, off her shoulders as she does so. And then she speaks again, her face triumphant and relieved and a little bit torn as she leans in, closer to Dean, to say these next words far more quietly than the rest of their conversation has been:
“Why’s it so dark?” Dean asks of the honey.
“Then
to congratulate him. The day of Dean’s birthday they’re going on a tour-of-Scotland-roadtrip, lasting a couple of days. For the first stop, Cas drives him out of the centre of Edinburgh and won’t stop brimming with excitement.
man,” Sam shakes his head, expression stung with worry and sadness. Dean swallows thickly. The toast goes dry in his mouth, doesn’t want to go down his throat. “When things go wrong—we need to
“I’m sorry, Sam…”
At some point, he must fall asleep.
“I’m—” Dean answers, with a loose smile, and pink cheeks, “I’m gonna be a firefighter. Like I wanted to be, when I was a kid.”
“They fit alright?” Cas asks, gesturing down to the sweats. Dean looks down, stunned and bewildered, and just about manages to nod his confirmation before fully understanding what Cas is talking about.
“Yeah.”
Castiel likes the sound of Dean’s voice… He is certain he’d like it even more if Dean were reading as pretty words as the ones written by all these Humans, with nobody but Castiel as his audience in the perfect stillness of the library.
“Are you alright for getting home?” He asks, and Dean blinks.
“I mean, I think you’re a pushover,” he states to Cas, and Claire beams.
“I hope you will, one day,” Castiel returns. He doesn’t miss the pink that creeps across Dean’s face at this. “The ceiling is painted differently from the rest of the room, though.”
“And then we crushed the uprisings, and the glass hills became ours. The Yn Codi—the hills closest to us fell first, then Guer Tuath—the northernmost hills and mountains, then Uaine Faiche, which is west. And since then, all of the hill tribes and hill countries have been Hera’s, indisputably, and though the risings still happen, on occasion, all the Lords and Chiefs bow the knee to my father,” Dean finishes proudly. “That was—well, a hundred years ago. My great grandfather quashed the rebellions, they’ve been almost still, ever since.”
“Only a friend?”
“And I don’t want your charity,” she frowns. Dean lets out an exasperated noise.
Cas hums. His lashes are tight around his eyes with affection. His palm comes to rest on Dean’s back a moment as he rises, shifting off the bed. Dean is about to lean into it, but Cas has moved away, over to the fireplace, ready to warm up the room. All on Dean’s account.
“Look, we were surrounded, okay?” Dean’s words are firm with faith. “Some freak jumped Cas, obviously he kicked its ass, right?”
the truth to Dean. The truth of why he’s been so flighty and angry. The truth of why he was so hurt on the night of Charlie’s party. Even if nothing can ever happen. Even though nothing
“Just,” Mary tries, “they seem good,” she says, worried and hopeful.
“Uncle Castiel, can you help, too?”
Claire makes an effort with Jack, though. She gives him tips on surviving life at school—up until his dad was taken to prison, he’d been homeschooled by his sociopathic father—and as it is, Jack is already awkward and pretty socially unaware. Or—not awkward—just different.
“And we didn’t realise we were picking at an old wound,” Castiel adds. “What seemed very simple and benign to us, obviously wasn’t for you. We didn’t mean to hurt you. We’re sorry.”
Castiel opens the front door.
Dean rolls his eyes. Jack is still frowning thoughtfully.
You were violated. That is not your fault.”
Castiel nods, pacing over to the corner of the room where a roll of parchment lies next to a quill and pot of ink, ready for the purpose of drawing up treaties or charters.
“You’re letting me stay with you,” Anna points out with a laugh, “for free. The least I can do is do a little work for it.
Castiel’s lips twitch upwards, he looks at the ground and somehow seems to be looking through it, expression wistful and distant. Dean hadn't expected a smile. Not at him bringing up images of the past,
“May I recommend some sleep?”
“Hey,” a voice says above Castiel, rather appropriately interrupting his thoughts of melancholy with a reminder of what—or rather, who, first caused them. “I got you—”
“I think Michael has been lying to me about Lucifer.”
Michael shrugged, kicking at the ground.
Castiel waits out in the entrance hall for what feels like an eternity.
“Wait, seriously? I had no idea, that’s crazy—”
“You should be glad that we care if you get stung to death.”
“Yeah,” he nods. “Save my seat.”
“And I’m sorry for not answering any of your calls,” Castiel continues. Rain and loss make ice of his skin. “I know you’re only worrying about me—”
“God, Dean—I let
“Uh—I only ever saw pictures of him as a baby. We met when we were four—Cas was very nearly five.”
He forges jewellery alongside tools, and enjoys this finer and more delicate craft, and scrapes together enough funds for the inspiration which comes to strike him, at the break of September.
“Your powers of observation are astonishing, Dean,” the Angel deadpans. He steps closer to Dean, who starts back on instinct. Another smile plays at his lips. “Relax, Sire, I’m not going to hurt you. Others, certainly. But luckily for you, I rather need you, odd as that may sound.”
“Tell me what?” Dean stares at both of the men sat opposite him. On most occasions, were Dean to take an interest in the affairs of the Kingdom, they would both be visibly
“Not to you.”
“I didn’t,” Dean shakes his head. “I never met any of my grandparents.”
“That’s fine.” Castiel brushes aside. Dean bites his lip and smiles nervously at Castiel, looking up through his eyelashes at him. Something in the look has Castiel’s insides crumpling.
thing 3: again, i wrote this on my own, nobody helped, it's unbeta'd or however you phrase that. i plan to go through and amend as many mistakes as i find, but nobody was going through with me with a fine-tooth comb during the fic's construction. this is what every writer who publishes is given - even most "big" fic writers. again, be mindful of that when you say things about it online.
“You don’t need to.”
“Call him!” Charlie exclaims. “Tell him you miss him! Tell him you’re worried! Tell him you’re sorry!”
Castiel hisses, but his brother sighs and cuts him off.
“What?”
Here, Michael falters again, his chest stuttering as though with regret and thoughtfulness, and, Castiel realises with another flash of exasperation, another secret.
“Good,” he says, walking past Dean and up toward his house. Dean follows after him.
While Claire is browsing new ripped jeans—which, by the way, is fucking stupid, who buys
“Make it work?” Castiel repeats. Drowsiness steeps his insides. He blinks.
Dean takes hold of Castiel’s hand again and pulls him back over to the colourful carpet to sit down and play. Castiel’s arms and legs feel relaxed, his chest feels less tight, his eyes don’t sting with the prickle of tears anymore. He smiles over to Dean, who looks up at just the right moment, sensing Castiel’s gaze on him, and grins broadly, all toothy and freckly and green-eyed and beautiful and loud and absolutely, undeniably, Castiel’s best friend in the whole wide world.
“You have an orchard here,” the shepherd says as he pulls up his seat.
touching him. Not when that person told him, once upon a time, they
“Yes.”
have much of a choice in becoming engaged to one of these Humans.
The sprawl of blood and matter which he possesses becomes harder and harder to contain. He worries it will be a drift, a current carrying him away from Dean, or Dean from him. He doesn’t want to let Dean see him like this: unanchored from the form Dean has known, come to know, consider friend and ally.
“But then in all your literature, it’s filled with whole
“It’s worth it, to see old friends.”
And this is it. This is where Samandriel goes too far.
lives there, then they must be. She is good, and beautiful, and pure—but She blazes like fire, like a Holy Fire—and where there is flame, there is the danger of getting burnt.”
Castiel who Dean still watches as he reads, devours, book after book on lazy autumn afternoons, same line of a frown perched over his brow which has now developed into a permanent line on Castiel’s face, a furrow Dean likes to kiss and run his tongue over, graze with his thumb while they’re lying in bed, heart soaring. Castiel who Dean loves to give cooking lessons to, who is slowly getting better at not burning the butter or forgetting about the milk heating until it scalds and bubbles over, Castiel who Dean loves to watch clumsily chopping onions, particularly when they make him cry, Castiel who teaches Dean about plants and, while gardening with him, will take Dean’s hands in his own and sweep soil over the roots of something just planted, and Dean will relish the dirt that ends up under both of their nails and the roses Castiel will bring in to stand in a vase in the kitchen.
“So what do you think it is?” Dean asks.
The next morning—well, there is no ‘next morning’. Dean stays in bed into the early afternoon, and his mom doesn’t come knocking—until, at 2.30 in the afternoon, she does. The storm raged the entire night, clearing up around 6AM, muting dawn. Dean wonders what time Cas made it into bed.
Dean shakes his head quickly, speaking quickly because he doesn’t want Cas to talk himself into neutrality, he
“He—he’s demanding so much sacrifice from you, and not sacrificing anything himself! You’re not
accepting defeat, as Dean begins to sing
“And Jimmy was always the peacemaker.”
But no. They followed him, they found him. They always would. It took them a while to navigate their way across the toss of the Atlantic, maybe they took a few wrong turns back there, but they’ve arrived now, and what an entrance they made, too.
“No,” Castiel shakes his head quickly. “No, don’t. Not Dean. Not Dean—”
“For—teasing you about being a virgin. You know…” Dean glances away uncomfortably, now, but he’s still on top of Castiel, apparently too unaware to even consider moving, right now.
Novak shakes his head.
“Dude,” Dean grins to the canopy above them. “This is the coolest ever.”
“Contrary to what you seem to believe, I don’t enjoy your bitten words,” Castiel says, brow furrowed. He lays the table around the inconvenience that Dean, sitting static and stone-angry at the table, poses.
Dean wasn’t fast enough.
“And what, you’re too good for that?”
Castiel titters gently. Angels live so long that it is rare that the
Cas sighs, runs a hand through his hair.
“Hello,” he greets. “It smells good. Mind if I join you?”
“You think so?” He asks, looking up, too. “I’m not so sure.”
“Then do it” Azazel hisses.
Castiel’s father is still crying silently.
“Uh…” But Castiel already knows. He remembers. “You… um…” Dean flushes. He licks his lips, and Castiel grazes each of his fingertips against the lines on Dean’s skin, filled with pain and love and disbelief, which is, he thinks, what it is to adore somebody in a broken world. “You said it to me,” Dean answers. “That night when it all,” he pulls his arm out of Castiel’s grip, but in return takes a step closer, “that night it all fell apart.”
“They’ve—the Angels, that is—have asked us if you would want to marry one of their own,” Bobby explains, interrupting John pointedly. The King scowls at the disruption, twisting at the ring that sits on the middle finger of his right hand.
And he always will be.
Dean shakes his head, robbed of speech, of sound. His mouth hangs open. Castiel is wrenched with hurt, a pierce like the pierce of Dean’s knife, when they first met, clean through his chest. But this time, this time the pierce hurts, this time he registers it with more than intrigue, but with longing, too.
within its wooden walls, and Castiel is trying to piece this new strange and raw emotive creature together in his mind, bend his thoughts around the rough edges of Dean.
“Okay,” he continues nodding. “Okay. A month. That’s good.”
He climbs in and after a moment, Claire does as well, crying silently, heavy eyeliner and mascara running down her face as she glares at the road ahead, jaw locked shut.
“Alright,” the shepherd falters, and Dean’s heart twitches at the vulnerability of his voice. He coughs, and takes what Dean thinks is quite a large gulp of wine. Dean dutifully fills up his glass for him, and the man flashes a smile, warm and slightly nervous, but definitely grateful, to Dean, before beginning.
Castiel bellows.
“Oh, fuck, don’t start that again,” Dean groans, and Castiel frowns again, defensive.
The room Sam is in seems pretty soundproof, but has large windows so that Castiel can see Dean sitting tentatively, though reassuredly, down beside his brother’s bed.
“And we’ve found some shelter, in each other,” Castiel smiles. Dean trembles.
Dean looks down, swallowing again.
Dean snorts, mouth twitching upwards.
But they take Betty to the book. She says she needs to look at it alone. When they come back to the library, Michael has discovered Lucifer in the bunker.
“What?”
clothing.”
what a lady like her is doing with a pistol—what call’s she got, for a thing like that?” Mick shakes his head. Dean wants to say, a fair call, considering at
Castiel sits up, too, and circles his thumbs over Dean’s nipples, which shuts him up.
“I thought I’d leave that honour up to you,” he answers, and Dean swallows. The horse watches them, turning her head so that Dean can catch his own nervous reflection in the corner of her eye.
“After Michael’s mother,” Hael confirms. “We both thought it would be nice. Jimmy was so touched, honestly,” She laughs, eyes watery again. “He was such a good grandfather.”
“Michael,” she said, voice low. She was no longer able to raise it above something scarcely louder than a whisper. He looked up from his work, expression blank, but gaze speaking volumes.
“Dean, you don’t have to explain anything—”
His hands drift—he can barely still them, or think to do so—from Dean’s back, up to his sodden hair. Drops of rain, caught in those water-darkened tufts, track down the backs of his hands.
“What’s her Kingdom like?”
“Life is no certain thing,” he reasons. “One year ago you’d never set foot outside of your ‘Kansas’”—the word sounds, as ever, funny on Castiel’s lips, and were Dean’s heart not so heavy at the content of the shepherd’s words he’d be sure at least to laugh at the sound of them. “Let alone outside of America. Now you live in England, which I’m sure you’d
“Past, present, future… You’re the golden thread that’s run alongside me, all these years.”
Mary Campbell.
“No, no it’s not—”
Cas is right, on this front. The acoustics alone in this place are sublime, plus the choir—well. It’s easy to think of heaven with candles lit in a long cathedral-like hall with huge engraved ceilings and towering stained glass, while a choir sings in a unity and harmony that seems to make even the candles tremble at the idea of such a purity.
“I thought we could try and go a bit faster, today,” Dean explains as they walk. “You know, a little faster than cantering, maybe even galloping.”
Lifting it and looking around the room, he states,
once again—and then Ellen. Ellen who, of all people, it has meant the most to have gained the approval of, as a pillar of Dean’s life.
Dean beams.
Dean thinks better of mentioning the fact Cassiel and Castiel sound
“No, I read some. But I find them to be nowhere near as gripping, nor as appealing as your novels are. Your
“If you were any more insubordinate, they’d call you Brutus.”
“It’s no sin to find killing—”
Castiel turns to face Dean. They’re stood in the bathroom.
“You’re just saying that,” Dean frowns at the floor. “You’re the real artist, anyway.”
“I thought you might answer a little more reasonably, and a little more honestly.”
life.”
Such proximity to Dean, when Castiel knows, now, that he is to be starved of it forever.
Samandriel beams, and blushes all kinds of pretty.
Throughout both the welcomes into Dione and the crowning itself, Dean hears mumbling. Whispers. Queen Bela did not earn her right to the throne. Queen Bela does not deserve her father’s crown. The King died in his sleep, but the physicians found poison in his ear. His wife’s carriage had been thrown of its track, and yet the reigns of the horse had been tampered with so that the animal could not be made to turn in a particular direction. The King and Queen’s most loyal advisors died together by the fireplace; cuts across their throats so deep one could see their tongues; blood seeping across the stone castle floor and appearing black in the flickering firelight. Queen Bela did not cry at her father’s funeral, nor did she cry when visiting her mother’s grave with other, distant relatives. Her rule has been unjustly earned, and the King and Queen were most deceitfully slain. Whispers, everywhere.
“We’re not
Cas enters again a while later—Dean wonders how long it took for Ellen to persuade him to come back, and what exactly it was she had to say to coax him to do so.
Dean nearly gapes back.
“Yeah, but even that’s a first,” Dean points out. Sam presses his lips together.
Castiel grows worried as they grow older that Dean, naturally charismatic and obviously beautiful, will abandon him for more popular, interesting, cooler company and classmates. But Dean is loyal and surprises Castiel with his loyalty every time Dean brushes off the louder and more dynamic socialites in favour of company with Castiel, even one on one, sometimes
“After Dorothy and Charlie’s wedding?”
Jael frowned.
“Easy,” Novak soothes, but whether he directs this to the dog, or to Dean, he cannot tell.
“I won’t be hands-on,” Jack says, softly. “Chuck put himself in the story. That was his mistake.” Yeah, but doesn’t Jack see? Chuck
“What’s—what—”
He asked.
for Castiel?
“God,” Dean grits his teeth, “this song is depressing.”
possible. He says as much. The Demon smirks.
He looks at the plate in Dean’s hand.
“Uh,” Dean’s expression flickers, “pretty much.”
“Jesus!” Dean shouts, ripping his hand away, so loud and sudden the dog starts up.
This earns a smile.
“I’ve got blankets, and Cas is coming, and it’s summer, and
about what they’re doing—what they might
“Yes,” Castiel glares.
“Dean,” Castiel says, chest unfolding in a sigh. No other words come.
“Watch out, Novak, or I’ll work on framing you for something that’ll get you kicked out of here, quicker.”
“Shut up,” Dean rolls his eyes, and crawls back toward Castiel on the bed to twine his hand in Cas’s hair, pressing Cas’s head forward. His lips meet Castiel’s forehead. Castiel’s heart trills. “There,” Dean pulls back, “would I do that, if you smelt that bad?”
Jimmy’s eyes are sad, too.
“Yeah,” Dean confirms. “It was my fault, I’m sorry, Cas—”
“That’s not the kind of look you should fix on the lady who basically raised you, boy,” Ellen reprimands, but the smirk still drawn across her features does nothing but kindle Dean’s resentment further. “And there’s no need to look so sour, too—you’ll want to look your best, for—”
“You’re asking a fish not to swim there, Cassie,” Balthazar calls after him. Castiel smiles despite himself, and is still wearing the expression when he makes his way over to the bar.
poorly placed attempt at humour.
“Right…” Sam frowns. “And…”
to do if they carry on kissing and grinding up against one another. And although Dean wants to do it—
But goodbyes with Cas were so weird, he isn’t sure where they stand with
“What?” He asks, scornfully.
“The only way to
boring, though.”
“It sounds it,” Dean replies, still staring fixedly at Castiel. His lips—those lips that Castiel has
“I know enough,” Anna waves dismissively. “You make more friends by actually
Castiel spends his time during the walk from the gates, up to the palace, healing. He begins with only one infant who cannot stop crying in their mother’s arms—but, as this draws attention to him, more and more people come out from their homes asking for their, their son’s, their wife’s, their cousin’s, their partner’s health. Michael walks ahead, his face downcast, hands trembling; Castiel worries that he has displaced the High King in what once felt like his home, perhaps his only home, by performing these services to Eofor’s people. Surely it must feel like a marginalisation.
“What—what would you have me sing?” He asks.
He glances back up to Dean and thinks of how maybe being friends with him wouldn’t be so bad—wouldn’t be
Michael groaned inwardly, knowing he would regret this.
“So how would you know if someone was changing your mind?”
“Precisely.”
Dean frowns.
Castiel smiles.
Bobby’s beard remains, in general, relatively untrimmed the vast majority of the time; and Dean is sure that the man could pass as a farmer of the lowlands if he were to stop donning doublets of deep reds and purples and start wearing some of the plain, loose shirts tied unevenly at the neck that the masses in the citadel below so often seem to wear. As it is, Sir Robert’s appearances are so often untidy that Dean often comments that he could just as easily be one who worked in the stables as one who led the Royal Courts and meetings of Hera’s Ealdors.
He asks.
“It won’t always,” Dean answers, and wants to believe it more than, perhaps, he can believe it.
another chapter! i hope you're all holding up x
“No, I mean,” Dean shakes his head, “do you feel—when I talk about Jimmy, do you feel like you’re having to share your dad? Share grief over him? Parcel out your mourning to someone who doesn’t deserve it?”
“Adoption,” Castiel says, and leans forward, and watches as her lip trembles. “What would you say, if we said we wanted to adopt you?”
“And there’s more to life than being good at fighting, you know.”
to kiss you.”
“Things were simpler back then. I didn’t overthink shit as much.”
The barman only barks out a laugh—as do a few of the other men—and continues his work. Castiel frowns, and makes his way to the door.
A stranger to death, Dean is not introduced but rather thrust into its presence and crushed beneath it, that night. Faintly he hears the front door, first the bell, then knocked at until the knocking becomes pounding—but in his half-dream state the pounding becomes the sound of feet on wet pavement: he runs away from two people who aren’t people but are cracks in the ghost of the shape of parents, and he isn’t himself but he is; he flickers from himself to Sam, to Amelia, and finally to the image of his father. And the parental crack that had been his dad turns into Amelia, then Jimmy, then flickers and is cut out like a candle snuffed.
“Oh,” Cas smiles over Dean’s laughter. “Adopting a child is… Is one step above a dog.”
“I can’t say I do, either,” he admits. “But there we go.” He gets up.
Dean rolls his eyes and makes a grumbling noise.
“Exactly.”
“I thought so,” the boy chuckled. “But could I get it now?”
“Oh—with an e, not an a?”
“What?” Dean asks, looking over to Ellen, where she stands next to Castiel.
“Sammy’s counselling,” Dean rubs his hands awkwardly. “Mainly. It’s not cheap, and he’s… not great. Not happy, I mean. If you—I mean, that’s an understatement. He’s not employed, at the moment. Sort of…”
“Shut up,” Dean grins,
Sam’s jaw clenches.
“Cas tells me you’re going to cook for us,” Anna smiles, turning back as Dean follows her into the kitchen.
now?” Castiel scowls at his brother’s words.
And then, like being pulled out from beneath stormy waves, he gasps for air in a bright blunt light.
“No,” Dean admits.
Sam glares at him. But it doesn’t last. He watches Eileen make her way back down the hall.
“Nothing you could say will make me sad,” Castiel denies. “I'm sad already. I’m asking because I want to know. I’ve grieved, I’m still grieving, and I’ve been given opportunities to do that effectively. I just worry that you haven’t.”
Jael spat.
Dean lets out a frayed silk breath and is about to step forward to kiss Castiel, hard, but Jody shouts,
Balthazar shrugs.
Castiel nods and fumbles with his hands. Gabriel’s expression softens.
“God, Cassie,” Gabriel nearly snarls, rolling his eyes and turning suddenly on his heel to face his younger brother, “I
“That’s fair,” Dean says, voice diminished. He looks at Castiel. “Is it how you feel, now?”
Castiel almost glowers at the word.
“Thank you,” Anna acknowledges the olive-branch with relative grace. “I’m meeting up with—” But here, she cuts herself off, in spite of a loose, embarrassed smile hanging at her features. “Anyway, at five thirty, in town, I’m seeing someone, so I wanted to be ready. Um—” She rocks on her heels nervously a moment, sucking her lips into her mouth, “I’m sorry about—” But she trails off. Apologies have never been Anna’s strong point; and not that she is especially stubborn—though she admittedly is—and not that she is proud—which she certainly isn’t—but, being a Milton, related to the Novaks, at least some degree of social-awkwardness is guaranteed. In spite of being assured and quietly confident, empathetic and observant, Anna hasn’t escaped awkwardness entirely. Here, Anna has it: she doesn’t know how to sensitively, or sincerely, bridge uncomfortable or terse conversations.
not for bettering his style, nor for publishing, nor for practise, but for alleviating from Castiel’s chest the tightly bound feelings for Dean that he used this notebook for, in the first place.
Anna—he’ll
Anna, staying? Why? And for how long? And
“What d’ya mean?”
“Oh, yeah,” Dean confirms. He begins halving, then halving the potatoes again. “Hess owns a workhouse.
best friend.” He looks back up at Dean, who looks strangely disappointed. “Please let’s never fight again?”
greeting, for so long. It’s familiar and it hurts and of course Dean knows nothing about shiva so has no idea that this isn’t how one ought to greet those mourning, and Castiel grows angry again. That Dean can cease contact with Castiel after the kinship they shared is one thing; that he can return on the day of Castiel’s
They walk through the door together, pressed shoulder to shoulder, fingers nearly weaving together for a moment, and—and what does Dean think this means? How is Dean explaining this in his head, right now? Castiel can’t help but wonder: Dean Winchester, the boy who was convinced his love for Castiel was unrequited, then believed himself unworthy, then—and still now—unable to believe that Castiel could ever forgive him for the nine years they spent apart. Now, Castiel would wait any amount of time, if it came with the promise of spending the rest of forever with Dean. Dean is and always will be the bigger infinity.
“I did.”
“Castiel!”
get you, Cas.”
“Call him and find out?”
“But,” Cai grimaced, feigning the same awkwardness that Gawaine was putting on, “do we have any evidence of that? We value your word, certainly, good lady, though… If you are not one of these unsavoury characters yourself, what’s to say that you’re not at least in cahoots with one of them? Or a whole host of them, indeed? And then, if you’ll pardon even the notion, sweet woman, I’m just performing my duty to my king—what if you become led astray by one of these troublesome folk?”
He sleeps just fine after that.
“Yeah, but…” Dean rubs his eyes with the heel of his palm. “It’s like, it’s fine when it’s just you, you know? When me and you are alone together, I’m fine. But all of this—” Dean gestures to the great hall in front of them. “—It’s too much. It’s bullshit.”
“Said what?” Castiel asks, and hopes that his voice is steadying, but has a feeling that it’s shaking as much as Dean’s hands are as they fumble in his lap.
lied—you—you were always faithful, steadfast—more steadfast than I deserved—”
Anna agrees once more.
being alone, likes sitting in his room imagining whole new and mysterious worlds, looking through picture books, tracing his fingertip over letters and sounding them out, wishing to crack them open and unravel them and all their secrets. He likes colouring pictures of trees and flowers and bees, maybe humming quietly while doing this, but most likely sitting in silence, chewing thoughtfully at his lip. Better yet, he likes going outside on his own and
“Uh—well—”
“I don’t know,” Castiel says, “would you?”
if you know what you’re doing,” Castiel points out. But he chooses to change the subject. “Who are you seeing tonight?”
“Neither was I,” she shrugs. “And yet I choose to dress like one.”
“I fuckin’ love Stevie Nicks.”
“You’ve got your music,” he points out.
It probably explains why Dean was so stubborn on not showing his apartment to Cas when he was drunk. The big white house is still as big and beautiful as it always was. Dean’s place is just as depressing as it always will be.
“He looks familiar,” Castiel turns back to the statue.
“Thanks for that, Adam,” he grumbles.
“It’s like he’s gone, but he’s not. Like he’s still here. Like how rain is just—just water coming back down. You know?”
Lisa sighs and sits back.
Castiel snorts.
anyone
“Dean?”
“Good,” Alastair says. “I wouldn’t have you do it again.”
And Dean doesn’t need to say that he’s not ‘like’ Castiel; he said it plenty of times after they kissed, over and over again: “I’m not like that, I’m not like that”, the words etched into the walls of Castiel’s mind with a razor blade. So why is he reasserting it, now? Why bother?
with it. Dean isn’t, he can’t be. He had to kiss Lee in a damp and dark alley, not even a backstreet. He wants Cas to be his sweetheart and seen to be his sweetheart on the streets, on every street of England. “I want your hand in mine when I walk down them—I want people to see, and to be jealous of our love, not—not
flying; it’s more of a—” he scrambles, and sighs. “It’s very hard to explain in your language, sorry. But I assume you mean using my wings as a means of transport…?” Castiel asks, raising his eyebrows at Dean, who nods. “Then yes, I suppose that you could say that I can indeed fly. But as I said, it’s not exactly flying—at least, not in the way birds do it.”
“Oh my god, if you try and turn it
“You’re disgusting,” Dean says, before thinking. Not that he regrets saying it. It’s true.
son—who wouldn’t? It’s only natural, like—of course—of course. I’ve lost Cas—just like Cas has lost me—but it’s not important,” Dean shakes his head, “it doesn’t matter,” he laughs again, getting a little hysterical. “Who fucking
“It wasn’t that,” Castiel shakes his head, glancing over to Chuck and Amara, still speaking with Isaac. He can see a distance in his uncle’s eyes and wonders how strange it must be to have a three of siblings be reduced to two. He thinks how strange it would be if one of
Obviously this one's a past one
Raphael said simply.
lame—don’t get upset with me—”
close to Claire—”
“Mr Winchester,” a deep and rich and rough, indeed a musical voice sounds behind him, from the door. He turns to face it, and its source. “I,” Castiel looks nervous—more nervous than Dean has yet had the pleasure of seeing him. Strange, that Dean likes the faltering expression, glittering with worry, which veils the shepherd’s features, now. “—I feared, as you were taking some time—”
“Married people call each other sweetheart?”
Bitterness and melancholy wound themselves across Mary’s heart at the thought of this arrogant young man coming and invading her sanctuary in the forest, kept to herself for so long.
“Well, it’ll give some hint as to what the last word on a line
“What was it you said was lacking in your movie? What did it need?”
“You said nobody would ever know. What did you mean about that?”
“Alright, you guys,” he smiles, all warmth, nothing at all but warmth and, maybe, a glimmer of nostalgia prompted by a band of High School friends warming the night with each other’s company. “I’ll see you around.” They look sad. “I promise I will,” he reiterates, before beginning to make his way down into the long stretch of darkness below. “I’ll miss you. Be good. Have fun. You’re gonna do great.”
And they start, Dean trusted to attack, Adam to defend. But really, Dean’s doing twice the legwork, on the defensive as well as attack, circling back to the fort every time it seems Adam is struggling to hold his own.
Which, strange as it seems, feels like some kind of betrayal. It’s weird and irrational, but Castiel is hurt that his brother could be so friendly towards Dean, considering how much Castiel’s heart aches and his soul crumbles because of the green-eyed man.
“It’s our culture to be so. And I don’t know why I struggle so much with containing my emotions. I always have.”
“Jack’s heaven is nice,” Dean says, nervous, and Cas blinks.
Hahaha happy reading! I can't believe it took so long (in terms of the story, and my manic writing pattern) to get here. But we got here! It seems a pretty big deal. Dean and Cas have earnt it, you've earned it, etc. etc. I really have loved writing this story. have loved everything it's helped me untangle, have loved those of you who have shared that it's resonated with you. Thank you all so much! I know this still isn't the end, and these seem like goodbye words, but I just feel like gushing over you guys for a bit! I've really loved reading your comments (thank you for those sweet dopamine hits!), hearing your thoughts on the chapters, your angers and frustrations at the characters - sometimes I'd post a chapter and feel as though [X] was in the wrong, and you'd come in with this fresh perspective on [Y] being shitty. That was really fun and interesting for me.
“Woah, you think I have a
“Is more than hard.”
“What I said,” he answers. “That me and Cas are gonna get married, when we’re grown-ups.”
“You look young for a doctor,” Sam says, still staring. He forgets to sign, this time.
“It is,” he confirms. And Cas is up, off the floor, the warm presence at his side is gone, and Dean watches with wonder as Cas approaches Jody, and whispers something in her ear. She smiles and nods in confirmation, and picks up Cas’s abandoned fiddle.
Dean remembers how Cas had read him each line, voice distant, eyes glassy, all those years ago. Dean had stared at him, Cas only a boy, then—
“Get him out,” Dean repeats, his lip curling, struggling to keep his voice even, “and I’ll join you presently.”
“One of my own,” he smiles, dark eyes glittering. Dean swallows. He
Castiel reminds.
“—It does,” Dean tries to swallow, but finds he can’t. “But it’s agony. I’m in so much pain. And this is all such a stupid thing to say to Jimmy’s
“And you’re also one of the Seraphim?”
But he can’t find the words. The shepherd swallows sadly, expression downcast.
“What—what the—” Dean blanches, stopping short.
He’s always liked horses.
“Was I unclear?”
John pulls Dean close and whispers something in his ear—Sammy bursts into the room—and Dean can’t understand, it doesn’t make sense, or—he doesn’t
The way he looks.
And it’s his favourite T-shirt. His mommy got it for him. Castiel’s thoughts nearly turn sad for a moment, but Dean’s response comes too quickly to allow them to linger for any longer than a second, and he is fortunately distracted by Dean’s happy hum of an answer.
“It wouldn’t be fair if you were on the same team, anyway,” Jo approaches, though Cas looks comically wary of her, after her earlier attack.
She takes Dean’s hand and squeezes it, silent for a moment, before letting Dean’s fingers go and answering.
“Okay, asshole,” he pulls himself softly out of Castiel’s arms, “get changed. You’re tired.”
“Yes,” Bobby agrees. “But I didn’t mean to scare you. Didn’t ever want to do that.”
Dean pulls a self-deprecating face.
The headline of this paper has Dean’s mind spinning in images of flames and the screams of women, a woman, just one woman, and him, a child—
Dean prickles at this joke. He doesn’t know why it grazes his skin like the surface of the cliffs below. He presses his lips together.
The Angel glares at Dean, one more time—his wings flare slightly behind him, terrifying—before he turns on his heel and stomps his way back up the path, back towards the castle.
“Sammy’s… Not even dressed yet,” he answers. “Had to tell him to shower when I got in there. Place is a mess. Had to find his suit for him while he washed.”
And Castiel will have to stay static, no matter how much it tickles, as Charlie colours in the sunflowers Dean inked him with, himself, one night shortly after they were married, and a little drunker than one ought to be when giving or getting a tattoo.
“Six months.”
“Then
“And I know that when I was six years old, and scrawling words into my notebook with my dad peering encouragingly over my shoulder—” Castiel’s voice actually breaks of here, to his surprise and embarrassment, at the mention of his father even in such an innocent light, and he has to look down. His eyes sting. His hands shake. When he looks up, again, there are a pair of green and gold eyes glued to him that refuse to so much as blink. Castiel, surprised by his own actions yet again, smiles. “When I was writing stories at six,” he continues, taking a steadying breath, “I wasn’t thinking about how much money I would make, how successful I would be, how many people would know my name.
“What—where’s Sammy? How—what’s happened? Where is he?
Dean sighs and makes his way downstairs.
“Know what, Dean?” Castiel asks. His heart is beating like music against his chest. The tips of his fingers feel numb. The entire world has turned into an inward breath, long and drawn out and it feels like it’s never-ending. White mist has descended on everything, on all the world, on all his senses, white, sugary, terrifying mist like clouds moving swiftly over the face of the moon, dyed by its light. It clashes with the amber flickering firelight, this sense of swirling silvery sweetness, the cold filling him, the warmth pricking his heart, the tinnitus of his own pulse or perhaps the melody of his and Dean’s twenty-five year dance together, back and forth, friendship and love and hurt and two continents and an ocean and the light between two oceans between them. Time, the greatest distance between two places, has separated them, and now it has brought them together; time and death. The silent symphony between them builds and it builds and still Dean is saying nothing, seems unable to say anything, looks at Castiel, terrified, swallows, brows sloped beautifully upward, the hammering of his heart visible at every pulse-point on him, each of which Castiel has the overwhelming urge to press his mouth to, to suck, to kiss, to stroke and cry and tell Dean that it will all be better, that all of it will be better, that Castiel will love him for ever and ever, until the earth is dust and decay in starlight.
“It should’ve been
“I don’t mean that,” Dean laughs, trembling, and bumps his forehead against Castiel’s again.
“Just so,” Cas smiles.
“You’re a good big brother,” he states, so quiet and gentle that it nearly draws a sob out of Dean’s chest.
these words are hissed, and maybe there is some anger simmering just below Chuck’s surface. Dean glances at Sam, who seems choked by this. “Eternal shame, suffering, and loneliness,” Chuck says heavily, then with obnoxious lightheartedness, “whew! That’s deep.” His face sets. “That’s sophisticated. That’s a page turner.”
“I need to get you some water,” Castiel mumbles, hopelessly, more to himself than to Dean, who is as uncomprehending as ever. The writer looks all about him in the storm, feeling like the Ancient Mariner Coleridge wrote about.
Dean nods grimly, lips pressed together.
Castiel frowns worriedly and swallows hard.
“I’m not like those guys, Cas,” he says. He still holds tight onto the steering wheel, he doesn’t look at Castiel, but rather down into his lap. “I’m not like them,” He repeats. “Please don’t think I am.”
“You should do.”
together, that night they spoke of names and naming and pulling being forth from the earth like a yield of crops. And all the world seemed soft with possibility.
“This was a shitty idea,” Dean stands outside Castiel’s front door, body suddenly locked into position, stomach churning. “A
“It’s so amazing you got published, by the way,” he states, breath rugged, shaking his head. “You’re so talented—”
his father,” Dean hisses under his breath. Not when he and Cas were—not when Cas was—not after everything. Not where it counted. He knows he’s been unsteady, wavering with the kid, flickering about like a flame in the wind, but… He regains himself. “And I don’t think it was about that. Out there—during the fight—and when Lucifer died—”
Mara whines.
“Okay, but where are we going?”
but Jack isn’t so good at picking it up, because he beams and exclaims, “What matters is that I had the best night ever!”
“That’s fine,” Castiel shakes his head. He questions why it’s so hard for him to suppress his smiles whenever he speaks to the Human—normally Castiel hardly smiles at all.
“Not too much trouble,” Castiel hums, “for you, Dean, anything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“A part of him runs through Dean’s blood—” Michael looks up at Castiel.
“Don’t mock me,” the writer frowns.
It’s a possibility, and one that Castiel had considered literally moments ago. But the thought that the Human
“Cas…”
“She ran away. She escaped. Flew away.”
And once Cambridge is checked off their list, Cas takes Dean to Stratford-upon-Avon—where Shakespeare grew up—they stay in a charming little bed and breakfast and see a production of Richard II by the Royal Shakespeare company. Then it’s Dartmoor, then Tintagel, where apparently King Arthur was conceived, and then the sweeping hills of the rainy, picturesque Lake District for a weekend before Cas has to go back up to Edinburgh to resume teaching. The Lake District is awesome. Well—the weather is objectively terrible and Dean and Cas go on a hike in which they get so completely drenched that their clothes need wringing out at the end of it—but they stop off at a tiny little shop which sells pretty much exclusively ginger beer, and buy some, and it sets fire coursing through Dean’s insides for the rest of the walk. Then they head back up to Edinburgh together for the start of the semester. On the weekends where Cas isn’t working, he takes Dean to various places in Scotland he ‘has’ to visit—St Andrews is his favourite; ruinous Cathedral and another ruinous castle next to a splintery sea, and it’s even more incredible at sunset with the sun going down behind the ruins as Dean and Cas walk along the coast.
only a boy—he had stared at Castiel with his mouth open, lost in the swim of tears in his eyes, watching trembling pink lips sound every line, balling his fists at his sides with how much he loved the dark haired boy. Ached with love. Always ached.
“A family vacation sounds good,” Sam answers gently.
“What is it?” Dean asks.
“There’s such thing as the wrong kind of attention, Cai,” she pointed out. A smile settled on her friend’s features.
“Well, you,” he can’t find the words. “You deserved kindness,” he says. The shepherd huffs. “And—and were kind to her,” he continues, wishing anything he could say might be enough—to win the shepherd some comfort, let alone to win the shepherd back to him. “She must have—have been so grateful for you.”
“Careful, Dean, that’s at least your third drink of the night.”
“You seem surprised.”
“—You definitely deserve to be comforted, Dean—”
Cas smirks.
for the lesson to be after, and not before, because he knew very well that both Dean and Claire would be unable to ripped from the drumkit for at least a few hours, once the lesson was in full swing.
Also sorry to end the chapter on the downer of Dean getting berated by his dad, I promise you next chapter you'll get lots and LOTS of lovely fluff and Dean and Cas both being their wonderful dorky selves.
The golden apples of the sun.
Again, sorry about TCY - it ought to be up very soon, though I'm not quite sure when.
“We could always have a rematch,” Castiel suggests, confident he’d easily win again.
“You’re jealous?”
She rolls her eyes, looking amused.
Dean rolls his eyes and stands up.
“Uh, is it?” He asks distractedly. “Huh. That’s funny.”
“I don’t know,” Sam shrugs. “Something new. What do you think would be there? Do you think there would be
Dean counters.
because if he doesn’t save Cas, then who’s going to save Dean?
training Jo in how to fight? Would they have even thought it possible for a lady to shoot with a bow and arrow?—No, Jo was not even a lady, only a little serving girl, at that—and so, who else but Dean would have taken Jo’s plea to learn how to duel with swords, to shoot with a bow, even to shoot with a longbow, a crossbow, to learn to ride, seriously? Many would have grown angry, had Jo punished for being so improper, for thinking to stray outside her place in this life, others would have simply laughed and attempted to convince Jo that she was entirely incapable of such tasks, that her arms were too small and weak to carry a sword—but not Dean. Dean had nearly
“You’re one of those Angels—”
do!” It’s bullshit, is what it is; Dean can hardly vocalise it. He’s
Dean smiles.
“He’ll only be beyond the grave insofar as we will be unable to kill him.”
“No,” Dean laughs, cheeks heated. “I didn’t trip on the way home, once.”
“There was a small fire, during my visit,” Alastair says, still watching Dean. “Nothing of much consequence.
“But what about you guys?” Dean asks. “I feel… I don’t know, like I’ve been so rude, like I should be doing more for you all—”
Michael nods, mortified.
“Something’s really thrown you off tonight, hasn’t it?” Castiel asks. Dean falters in a frown.
When you’re older, you’ll understand.”
relationship.
Castiel turned in Michael’s arms and pointed back towards the citadel, up the uneven, gleaming white road that led straight to the palace itself. Approaching them in the distance, Michael could indeed make out the figure of their father; his hollow, tired eyes trained on Michael and Castiel. Michael straightened up on instinct—he noted how their father’s beard had grown longer, how it appeared slightly unkempt, how today, like so many other days, he had chosen to wear black and gold, to mourn the loss of his wife.
completely
Castiel is still nonplussed.
“You know he’d talk about you all the time, right?” Dean asks. Cas’s frown in answer is muted, confused. “Your dad,” Dean clarifies. “Whenever I saw him. I’d—uh—” He flushes, “—I’d always ask after you. And he’d like,
“Yes,” Castiel nods, looking back over to Dean. He’s observed, over the evening, that deep amid the green of his eyes are flecks of gold, and Castiel can’t think of anything nicer. “That sounds nice. I could show you my books?”
“I’ll miss you,” Dean says, looking up at the Angel with sad eyes that swirl constantly into themselves like a storm.
Castiel nods, although there is something more to the matter, as always.
“I am. What are you gonna do?”
about you—now I just want some fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
“There must be,” Castiel seems troubled, like a storm flickers behind his eyes.
“I don’t deserve it,” Dean shakes his head, face hot, at which Castiel laughs.
Castiel peers steadily at Dean.
someone to give up on something that big, that they’ve been planning for so long, just because it hurts
“Well, I know
A nurse arrives.
“Giving things away.”
“He is,” Mara agrees. “He’s great at thinking up games. Did your daddy do that with you?”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Dean deadpans.
Dean always fucks up. Dean can’t say anything. His jaw is clamped, he creaks it open, but then closes it again. He’s—is this? He can’t speak—but it’s—it’s real, isn’t it? Not a dream, not anymore. Or, a dream, but real. Castiel is
For a moment, the dark obscures it—but then there’s no denying: it isn’t Cas.
“Always,” he answers. Dean doesn’t reply: instead he buries his face in Cas’s neck. “Always,” Castiel says again, heart trilling, turning his face in toward Dean. “Always.”
“I did,” Michael answered. He wasn’t trying to be stiff or withdrawn, but this sort of thing just… happened, when his father wanted to broach
But Charlie ignores him.
Dean recites. “That’s what love is. You were right.” Dean traces the ridge of the shepherd’s brow with the tip of his forefinger as he speaks.
“What?” Dean asks, perplexed though aware of the boldness of his interruption as he stares up at the tired lines of the King’s face.
Michael makes a noise of agreement and steps towards Dean to dry the things Dean has been washing.
“Who else can you trace in your family tree?” He asked. His soul, like his gaze, was piercing and silvery-blue. She smiled distractedly at it.
“I’d never dream of meddling where I wasn’t wanted,” Cas’s expression becomes a flat plane. Dean instinctively reaches out across the table, a twitch of a movement, but Cas withdraws his hand from reach.
Dean doesn’t feel the fear here that he’d feel in a church, ordinarily. Something about it surpasses that.
No more friendly smiles and waves as Jimmy tended to his garden, no more long talks by the fire about life and Dean’s plans for the future, with Castiel sat cross-legged next to him, no more big Winchester-Novak family dinners, no more rooms lined with books and Saturday afternoon walks. No more mac and cheese when Dean came over feeling miserable, no more slow cooked stews, no more homemade bread, nothing.
“I’m four, too,” Cassie states. His confidence grows a little, maybe from being a little bit older than Dean. Gabriel
“I missed you, too.”
“Well, that’s nice.”
“Alright,” Claire gets up, and still seems a little shaky. “Let’s go. Maybe—maybe you can stay for dinner, too?” She asks. A smile presses at Dean’s lips.
“I haven’t really kept up with…
“Read me some,” he says, coolly. Dean frowns up at the man, nervous and stunned.
a go on the swing that we made together. But, I guess if he doesn’t trust me—”
“Well, you should be,” Dean answers, gruff. “
Dean’s getting angrier. Angry at himself, too, for his cold and bitter words to the softest and sweetest thing in his life. But he cant’s stop. He’s slipping down muddy hills in the dark.
friend. I—obviously I’m gonna spend time with my dad at the airport, to say goodbye—he’s my
The shepherd repeats what he said.
“Be a mom to me,” Dean answers honestly.
“I’m sure,” he admits. “Thank you—again—for it.”
Michael rubs his face, tiredly,
The Angel wrestles with these thoughts; all the while putting off writing to Dean and informing him of all that has transpired, all that Michael has told him, and indeed still not told him. But a few days after Castiel’s birthday—all of which Castiel has spent in company void of his older brother, completely unsure of how to speak to him, after all that has occurred and been revealed—a message is delivered to Castiel’s home; apparently urgent, from Hera.
“Sex!” Castiel shouts, wriggling his arms free as Dean begins to laugh. “This is just like when we were kids—you destroyed my innocence, yes, destroyed it!” Castiel repeats at Dean’s face in response to the word. “And now you keep forcing me to say the word
“I know.”
“Hey, buddy,” he says, and the baby’s tears falter momentarily. “Hey,” he coos, gentler this time. He pulls another face. The baby doesn’t laugh, or even smile at it, but she
“Take you to my home? Of course.”
“Well, in an effort to broaden my horizons, I’ve been trying to read more female Renaissance poets,” he answers. “I studied a couple of poems by Aemilia Lanyer during my first year at Cambridge, but embarrassingly little beyond that.”
Castiel spits back, although his frame shakes from his brother’s outburst, of which more and more have been occurring, each passing month.
“And you really
Dean was right. He is placed in the Demon war a few months later.
Cas isn’t here. He’s gone; Jimmy’s car is gone.
“Things escalated,” Lucifer continues. “And what started out as a petty disagreement quickly grew into a heated discussion… and then in turn, into a fight. I left the Kingdom. I knew when I was no longer wanted—my twin, the brother I had once believed would die for me—and I for him—had chosen a
“And?”
“Great,” Castiel rolls his eyes, “thank you, Gabriel.”
“Does anyone?” he asks, and tries to mask the tremor even the word sets in him. What’s wrong with him? What kind of man is he, that can’t even
“It’s not that Dean cancelled our engagement, anymore,” Castiel bites, interrupting his sister. Both Gabriel and Anna turn to frown at him.
Cai laughed again, tracing a fingertip against one of the flowers woven into Mary’s hair.
that way. I thought you were… I hated you for it. And the second time I changed my mind—well, it was after meeting you. And talking to Ellen. But you weren’t anything like what I expected.”
“I miss Cas—of course I miss Cas—of course I want him back. I’ve prayed to Jack—” Dean looks up, surprised, at this. “—But I guess what he said about us having to figure it out ourselves was true.”
you,” Dean frowns, taking a step back—for all the good it’ll do him, during a fucking
of them, even if the numbers might be increasing. But somehow Alastair commands the air around them so that all of it cloaks Dean in shame, before he even starts.
“And it’s funny when she has dreams,” Dean grins. Cas smiles, reluctant and amused, and nods.
He’d asked, and Cas had confirmed it.
Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Please leave a comment!
“You’re sure you know the way?” Mary asks. Dean takes a steadying breath.
Dean squirms.
Benny drags him back through the castle. Fallen dead scatter the ground like confetti.
“The grown-ups here are boring.”
“Those Demons attacked my
really and honestly, it might be just a scrape too much for Dean, too.
“What is he?” He asks, gesturing to the bird.
Love with Dean was slow and easy. Perhaps Castiel always knew he
John spotted it first. His dogs were obedient to a fault, and came to heel with nothing more than a whistle, while King Henriksen’s hunting dogs had such strong instincts that submission to command came with a little more hesitance.
Why the fuck does Cas feel the need to say this?!
“I don’t know,” he grumbles. “C’mon, get ready. Lunch is probably getting cold.”
“Which is so fucking unsatisfying,” Dean shakes his head sourly.
“I—” he stammered, heart panging. What wound it is, he thought, to be robbed of motherly love. But enough of that—in a matter of days, a handful of nights, he would be in David’s home, with
Sam’s jaw is on the floor, which is no small feat, considering how high up his head normally is.
“Thank you.”
of us look bad,” Isaac points out. Garth giggles quietly at this, fist covering his mouth. “And you agreed, and said that is the kind of thing that I
“Are you okay?” Dean asks, pressing the palm of his hand onto Castiel’s cheek. Castiel closes his eyes at the touch, and doesn’t realise when he presses his body flush against Dean’s, until Dean’s arms curl around his frame. He presses his face into Dean’s neck, and Dean, in turn, presses his face into Castiel’s shoulder.
It stops sudden and sharp as a vacuum and Cas’s ears, or what’s left of them in a place which is itself the very definition of absence, ring.
“Why were you looking at my car?” Dean frowns, leaning forward.
“What is this?” he asks, smelling it a moment with a frown.
“Oh, what a peaceful life that would be.”
What did their conversation in the courtyard mean? Did it mean
Lisa smiles gently.
“Jack’s in there,” he says, words almost suffocated. The look in his eyes—the look in his eyes. Dimmed by the fall of rain but so—
Ellen, whose expression had been relatively unreadable during the entirety of the interaction between Dean and the messenger, now seems startled into life.
can one serve me behind my back?!” Michael asks, eyes flashing with lightning, hands slamming onto the table. The sky outside is beginning to redden. Dean watches and almost forgets that the place Metatron has just escaped from is the place he is sentenced to, for the rest of his life, and whatever comes after it.
Anna arrives next, then Gabriel, too, both stiffly cordial with Dean. He tries not to think of how these are the creatures who mapped out his relationship with Cas in all its entirety, who have caused him so much grief and misery when once he had felt nothing but invulnerable joy at the thought of Castiel.
“Dean—”
“You’d tell me how to conduct my family affairs?”
for the bird. Well. Now he has found it. And she just flew from her promised destination of Dean’s right hand, up to the building which has been her home for the past six months.
“Maybe I should leave—” The previously disembodied voice says. But now Castiel can see its owner, can see the soft, chapped, rose-coloured lips that formed these words, can see the reluctantly earnest eyes of their owner, his thick sandy-brown hair combed neatly for the occasion, the slope of his muscled shoulders and his awkward bow-legs. Castiel can see
But what he says is better.
Cas says, and falters. Dean reddens.
“I’ll admit, it affected me sorely, seeing you shivering and shuddering through the cold…”
“You’re so strong…” Dean murmurs, a deadweight in Castiel’s arms.
“I can’t tell you, yet!”
“About half an hour ago you would’ve begged to differ, judging by your face as you stared at
Dean can’t answer for a moment
I'm sorry this is sad again, and once again I PROMISE this ends happily
“Most spontaneous holiday
The next day, they drive to Ellen’s to pick Claire up. She’s sat at the kitchen table over a plate of French toast, glowering at them as they come in.
“You sound touched.”
“I’ll always want to do adventurous things. Maybe I’ll be an explorer, too. Or a pirate. Or a detective!”
Anna asks, raising her eyebrows at Castiel and scoffing slightly. He scowls over to her.
“It’s like, traditional British takeout. Thick fries—they call ‘em chips—and battered fish.”
Dean is particularly distractible today, flitting from subject to subject like an insect from flower to flower, never lingering, never dwelling, ever changing and turning through the air.
Nobody has understood him like Dean Winchester, the boy in the pretty small house across the street. Nobody has been so patient with him, so tolerant of all Castiel’s quirks and anti-socialities. Dean is the lens through which Castiel can see and understand the world—he never talks of it, and avoids even thinking on it, but Dean came into Castiel’s life just after it had seemed almost entirely uprooted… Castiel’s mother had died, had taken herself out of the world for reasons Castiel can hardly bear to think upon and hopes he never has to fully understand; the more religious of their family—Zachariah—had shut the Novak side out completely; Michael was at college and Gabriel was depressed—Jimmy was… Well, Jimmy must have been depressed, too. He uprooted everything and moved a hundred miles south and had no friends in his new city and seemed, for whatever reason, relieved about that. He’d desired a fresh start. And Dean had given both him, and Castiel, just that.
“We know that you have some ridiculous notion about uniting all of our Ancient Kingdoms into some kind of—
They bolt up the stairs—Dean, Sam, and Jack—but Michael is already there, and hot on Lucifer’s trail. Lucifer seems injured—two hits, neither square on target, and one more hitting his wing, are slowing him down. Michael is hurt, too.
“Yes, yours. You got a grudge on me, or somethin’? Why do you want me to fuck things up with my best friend?”
he corrects. “I just—I know I’m not welcome.”
Cas begins to brush his teeth, but it’s unaided by the fact Dean has made him laugh again.
away from the path that I had always been forced down… and it wasn’t liberating. I just felt lost. And I still do.”
“The architecture—what’s that like? Do you guys have castles, too? Or is it totally different to down here?”
so tired. I—I’ve been paying for Sammy’s medical bills, his counselling, paying toward his rent… Teaching, waiting tables, teaching privately, performing… my head ended up feeling so messy. You ever get so busy you’re head feels
“Yes,” he agrees. “I think you’re right.”
“Oh—you’ve never—”
They’ve reached the forest and trudge through it, now.
about the more—well, teenage problems of his. But he says the two of you got in a fight. He isn’t telling me anything else.”
And Dean looks so proud. Castiel reminds himself to ask his friend what Charlie wanted with him earlier, when this is all over.
“Dude,
They’re eventually taken up into their rooms—and for the first time in Dean’s life, he won’t be sharing a room with his brother. He’s surprised by the shot of blue on the skyline from his window—he can see the sea, near, just beyond ragged cliffs opening their arms to the blue lash of the Atlantic. The room contains the vaguely bitter smell of dust, barely noticeable, with the salt from the sea carrying lightly over the air. Dean watches fields beyond his window churn in the winds like waters.
“Well, you’ve just said I never will, so no,” Castiel points out. “Just tell me.”
“I was old enough—”
Servants are still bustling around them, and refilling people’s goblets with sweet wines.
“I still need you,” Dean shakes his head, words void of air he’s so short of breath. “I need you. I always will.”
“Is ‘great’ a codeword, here?”
How’re you feeling?”
But Castiel only stares at him.
“Jo!” He shouts, and runs across the Great Hall, toward her, bringing down two Demons which have turned on her, while she finishes off the last. “You need to go,” he shakes his head. “You—you need to get to safety.”
“It’s a comfort.”
“And you,” Dean replies, voice still small. The suggestion of a smile tugs at Cas’s stubborn lips.
Lucifer didn’t like this. He liked the pride, liked the glow in his heart set by his mother’s words. But when Michael cast his eyes downward as though he was ashamed of his own skin, Lucifer’s heart-glow dimmed. He liked it less. Sometimes his mother’s love for him grew tiresome.
“I’m not tired,” he says.
Castiel’s face heats, but he manages not to rise. Dean is right, of course—his features are unusually fascinating, even sweat slick and dust-covered, as they are now.
And if Jack listens, what will there be left for Castiel to do?
everything about me, everything about you; he—”
Dean’s chest, tighter than a clenched fist, will not allow him to release the breath he’s holding.
He, who has watched dust collect into planets sent hurtling round bursts and flares of lit gas in million-tonnes so innumerable they can be called
“Dean, I’m not coming back home,” Jack says, and Dean’s heart is snatched from flight. He stops short. “In a way, I’m already there.”
“I did,” Dean’s lips play upward into an expression somehow both amused and nonplussed. “And you kissed me back.”
He clambers over the gate into the back yard, and tries knocking on the windows there. Then he tries banging.
Dean smiles. He likes that thought. He likes the thought of salt-wet skin and another excuse to watch Cas’s form, admire every motion and moment of movement. He likes the thought of cool waters on skin and a warm honeyed sun beaming down at them, bathing them in light. He likes the thought of it slipping slowly down beyond the veil of the sea, of finally climbing out of the tossing waves with Castiel, to the privacy of a secluded cove, of pulling clothes back onto skin sticky with seawater so that their shirts cling to their chests, of walking back to the croft in the sunset, hands tangled.
beams at him as he speaks. They’re straining the red, pointed berries Dean saw Jo carrying in yesterday through a muslin cloth. The berries have been cooked in water and turn to mulch in the cloth.
Castiel knows that voice.
“Good,” He nods.
Castiel shrugs.
“A kingfisher,” Dean smiles. “I’ve never seen one before.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think so too! Hey, do you need any help, Mr Novak?”
“Why because of me?” Castiel asks, voice quiet. But Dean only stares at him—the quintessential Winchester scowl—and doesn’t answer. The dark haired man figures he won’t be getting one out of Dean, today, and so exhales grumpily, closing Dean’s door and moving over to the driver’s seat.
“You are—”
“I’m gonna go find Beth,” she informs him. “I hope you feel better soon, Castiel.”
believe in heaven?” He asks.
“Well, perhaps I
“That I like?”
Dean pours them both more tea. The shepherd gives him a faintly surprised, grateful look at the gesture.
“Not surprised. Always touched.”
“He performs every night, Gabriel! It’s hardly a ‘show’! And we’re not supposed to leave the house! And anyway, me and Dean aren’t friends anymore!”
and when Dean had said,
“Now,” Ellen sighs, pausing for a moment, “he certainly has less of a cause to. Which is very improper of me to say. But I don’t think that his lack of cause stops Dean from searching for his father’s approval.”
adorable!
“I want to,” Castiel frowns. “I don’t think you’re a wreck. And I most certainly am not disgusted.”
“And that’s another time I must decline the request,” Dean answers, hurt, and unsure why.
“You like sleeping on your front,” Castiel’s voice smiles, warm and affectionate as he rubs the cloth over Dean’s skin in small soft circles. Dean doesn’t know how Cas has worked this out, but something cosy and happy twists brightly inside his heart at the words and how observant of Dean’s nature they are.
“Very sweet,” Dean says.
“It’s easy to say that when you aren’t sharing your body, your life, with a cosmic being,” Sam reminds. “You’ve been possessed before—”
“When I’m distant,” he explains, “nothing is
“How I have longed to touch…” He murmurs softly. Dean’s lashes flutter. With sleep, or love? Hours like these are sweeter than honey. He can remember how Dean’s soul looked, in moments of happiness. The colour of honey, itself: summer sunlight pouring through honey. Castiel can almost taste it on his tongue.
“We should get these clothes off,” Dean states, tugging off his jacket, then freezes, realising what he’s said. He balks, skin flushed, so flushed that it practically evaporates the remaining water off it. “I mean—”
“Is that so?” He asks softly. Dean nods tersely. “Well, I’m afraid I simply can’t let that happen—I pride myself on being a good host, and there’s still
“Maybe you should work a little harder, instead of staring at other people. I’m sure you aren’t identical to
And then, again,
“I don’t know,” Castiel answers, offhandedly. They turn out of the hospital. “It’s just—I spent all my childhood, basically, and adolescence, living opposite you. I pretty much
This was the dream Dean didn’t dare to dream. And now he has wakened.
“In a short while, we’ll show you to your quarters—but before that—”
thoughts are straying. He glances again at Dean. What kind of song would Dean want to walk down the aisle to?
Cas looks at him. Morning light is in his eyes.
Chay looked back up at Anna. He had seen all the faces of Abra Herself, and all in the expression of an infant.
“What is it?” Cas frowns as Dean pulls it out.
“Yeah, right,” he rolls his eyes. “Who?”
“Probably the same kinds of things as you,” Cas laughs.
They approach the door. The grounds are still and breathing with waiting for the promise of dawn. The grass is greener than Dean expected, or indeed has ever seen—even under the dim and misted light of a November dawn it glows emerald and verdant. A few animal sounds rise about them: pigs in their pens making vague noises of piqued interest, perhaps the expectation of breakfast; chickens tutting nervously and flapping in small gestures as they jostle by one another. A goose watches, wary, as they pass, and offers a hiss to the strangers, but little else.
“Geez, Dean,” she looks up and over to Dean, shaking her head as she scrolls up through the texts. “How many of these are there? And how many have you ignored?”
“What for?”
“Then what am I supposed to do?” Dean asks. “I’m sorry, but he won’t hear it—”
Castiel thinks.
He stumbles through the blazing doorway and realises a moment too late that he has no shirt on his back to protect his skin from the scorching heat, that he left it outside after vomiting, and that he has nothing to cover his mouth from the smoke. He sputters out air and chokes out coughs as he cries out after the shepherd.
Had he really been just about to say—to confess—how much Dean caring has always meant to him?
He crumples.
What a knot.
“He said a lot of things,” Cas’s eyes are smoky and gorgeous as he speaks, “which were essentially encouraging me to share how I felt.” He laughs a moment. “He was right, of course, he always was.”
“You have a love for learning, or at least, a determination to do so, which I cannot but admire,” Cas continues. “You have a work ethic I’ve not seen, I think, in my many years—”
He repeats. Dean pushes him away again, apparently uncomfortable with how closely to him Castiel had been standing.
love Castiel is terrifying—and the thought that he
Dean frowns down at the car in his hand. It’s red and has a white racing stripe on it. It’s one of his favourites.
When he gets back, Sam’s made him dinner. Sam tells Dean he’s been offered a place on the graduate course for History. Sammy’s gonna get a Master’s from Princeton.
“Son,” Chuck replies. He keeps Jack, Sam and Dean all pinned down—none of them can get up, no matter their struggle. “And listen, I appreciate the heads up about… All this.” He walks steadily forward.
Dean doesn’t know what to think.
“Your powers of observation are unrivalled,” Claire quips, Elanor taking hold of her pinkie finger and trying to chew on it.
“Hello Charlie,” Bela smiles warmly. “Great party on Saturday.”
So I can teach you, if you’d like.”
Dean peers round the door of the kitchen quietly and peeps at his parents. They’ve been talking to each other like this more and more, like there’s something angry and sharp in the air between them but neither of them want to admit just what it is. Dean feels guilty for it and he doesn’t understand why. His mommy and daddy don’t kiss like they used to, John doesn’t wrap his arm around Mary’s waist when they watch TV any more, sometimes John doesn’t sleep in his mommy and daddy’s bedroom but will sleep on the couch, or in the car instead, or worse, won’t come home at all.
“You’re seriously condescending, you know that?”
“I’m sure she’ll make a fine companion,” Cas says, uncertainly.
Dean, and I wanted the guy who was a big brother to me—the first guy I came out to, when we were
think of Christmas.”
“Yeah,” Dean sighs out, then his head sparks back up to Sam’s face. “Wait—what?”
a promise that you made to me.”
“I really don’t know what else to call it,” Castiel sighs. “And obviously,” he gestures to Dean, “this is just evidence that processing trauma takes time. You’re still processing yours. Please give Jack time.”
If Dean could search them, he could find—
Dean says quickly, over his friend.
“Okay,” Dean answers, surprised by the struggle it is to keep his voice even, “but what reason
“Sounds like a plan,” answers the vampire. “Let’s roll.”
“Ah, yes, I remember.”
school.”
“Why all alone?” Dean asks, concerned.
He does this increasingly. Calls the man Cas. It’s easier to shout across a field in the early mornings as greeting. It’s faster to say when asking for help or to be reminded of how to prepare and cook food for their meals together. It makes them feel closer together in the low firelight when Castiel is leaning over the book with Dean, helping him walk out sentences like the rising of the sun.
“What do you mean?”
“Oh,” Cas says simply—he sounds endearingly surprised, which only makes Dean smile
“What is ahead is… very dim. I cannot return to what is behind. My father doesn’t love me, perhaps could never. I was his… tin soldier, his…”
“It’s my new favourite place,” Dean says, “in the whole world.”
“I loved you in the winter, too,” Dean frowns, “and with less hope of reward. Being close to you was enough—and had to be.”
He sighs and slumps down onto his bed, splaying his body pathetically across all of it and staring hopelessly up at the ceiling of his four-posters. What the fuck had he been thinking, earlier today? What was it that had been running through his mind? Why does he always manage to make such a fool of himself, when it matters most?
never got a nickname?—“Yes, that’s right,” Cas nods. “Two days, from tomorrow… Well, I’ll be back in the US soon, don’t worry…” Castiel laughs at something. “Since when were
“I,” Dean shakes his head, “I didn’t—”
“Don’t call me that!” Dean can’t breathe. “Don’t ever call me that again! This is—get out!—go—never come back here!—we’re never—we’ll never be like that again—never again, you hear me?—Get out, get out—” Dean sheds more whitehot tears. “Get out!” He bellows again.
The Angel’s bright eyes, dimmed by sleepiness and the darkness of the room, crease in rich, beautiful lines at their corners.
Adam laughs, and, beaming, admits,
shit's gonna get very dramatic soon but I PROMISE there's gonna be a happy ending
It’s what John did.
you?!” He asks, loud. “Where are you! Where the hell are you!”
He paces forward as he speaks and looks about—yes, the Roadhouse, red chairs out front, dust-covered and shitty and homely as ever. Does this mean—Ellen and Jo—
begins. Castiel holds on a little tighter to the steering wheel.
“Was he
“No,” he answers, and the playful anger is gone, now everything is tenderness. “Not over this, when I’ve missed it, so.”
“I’m gonna stay here, tonight,” Dean says quietly, “—if you want me to. But I’m gonna stay round. I don’t want you to be alone.”
are.”
“Dean—”
“She’s one of your best friends,” Castiel points out.
Dean has been brushing up on his ASL just for this kind of moment.
want to know what you and Cas’s deal is. You’re all anyone’s talking about on that book-fan corner of YouTube—”
“Claire,” Castiel tries to soothe, taking a step toward her, but she nearly screams.
Dean laughs happily,
“When I was his age, I’d already been working on farms for
Sam smiles shyly and leaves for the couch. As he sits down and fumbles with the DVDs Ellen draws closer to Dean and speaks quietly, expression gentle and tentative.
away,” Dean corrects, at which Charlie seems taken aback.
“Aside from better trade, peace, protection, and options for travel?” Bela raises her eyebrows at Lady Pamela.
Dean pushing Castiel back, Dean’s hands knotted in the writer’s hair, Dean’s fingers trailing deliberately down his neck; it’s wrong, all of it is wrong.
Dean’s heard similar words from men, and in their mouths it was a threat.
“All of you.”
cancel the betrothal?”
a shout into a void that could never be repeated. Should it be wrong for Castiel to feel so terrified? No, no. There is a cruelty in death that snatches words from mouths and makes further speech a tentative, nervous thing. What was the last thing Castiel said to his father? A phone conversation, postponed and postponed because of Castiel’s busyness and because it didn’t seem important at the time. Now he aches with the thought that he will never be allowed another.
. Sam closes the door after them.
“Yeah,” Dean replies grudgingly. “But I…”
“She seems nice,” Dean says, grinning, and Claire punches his arm softly.
questions.”
He speaks cautiously, afraid to anger Castiel with what is now undue familiarity yet apparently desperate for contact with his youngest sibling.
hid something. Castiel wonders how much of it was there, and how much of it was just them both hoping. If it was both of them hoping, isn’t that the same thing? But now, now, they’re talking like they used to: deep conversations prefaced and appendixed and punctuated by flirting, or the hope of flirting. Maybe they never really flirted, perhaps they only flirted with the idea of it.
And it
“It’s sweet cider,” Dean counters, “it needed something to—”
And every morning after that.
Adam is held up, by one leg by Novak, the other leg by Dean, close enough to the tree that Dean wrinkles his nose at the pine branches in his face. The shepherd chuckles at Dean’s expression, glancing at him, and Dean’s stomach flips inexplicably. Their shoulders are pressed together, they stand close, side by side, as Adam leans forward, reaching up for the very top of the tree.
“Okay,” she says, biting down on a beam. “Okay—so—” she laughs, nervously. “Wow, I guess we’ve got a lot of catching up to do, huh?”
Does Dean even
why Dean hasn’t made a move, for all this time—well, apart from when he was ridiculously drunk, and confessed everything to his best friend. Dean thought Castiel and Balthazar were
Murmurs of agreement echo across the table, but Bela’s face remains utterly unperturbed, she stares pointedly, and with a coldness that is almost eerie, at the man who spat his protests at her intentions for an uncomfortable moment. Just when his face is beginning to prickle a disgruntled red, Bela tilts her head to the side and speaks once again.
“You’re a fucking miscreant. You know that, right?” Dean asks. “A miscreant.”
Stepping out onto the roof and sitting down with a crate of beers, his thoughts turn more naturally to Dean. Not even out of being reminded of him, in the very being of this house, or the very act of sitting on this roof, or even in the crate of beers he has placed beside him—in the shadows of the green house opposite his own, Castiel can make out the gleaming shape of Dean’s Impala pulled up.
“It does,” Dean nods—but he’s never really stopped to think of just how much it means to him—and Castiel is right. It
“And as you keep pointing out, you’ll soon take over the farm. And then it’ll be you.”
“Are you sure I’d be ready for that?” Castiel asks, timid. Dean grins and shrugs.
“I like that,” he smiles, “the more time with you, the better.”
“Much as it pains me to admit it, Castiel,” he says, “and believe me, it does, I think that—on this occasion—you were right.”
She speaks over Gabriel’s voice when he tries to protest.
Anna bows her head slightly. Castiel bites at his lip, averting his gaze.
Cas has made him a coffee which sits by him as he mixes the batter. They reminisce about blueberry pancakes with Jimmy on the first morning of every vacation and manage to shed only a few tears. Dean had never realised that grief was this thing that fixed you with a clamouring need to connect, to find a soul-mirror who could reply and understand and hold your hand. Now he has it and knows that Cas has it and this is a thought which fixes a bright and steady light in the dark which had crept into his soul after his father’s, then Jess’s, then finally Jimmy’s death.
So, for those of you who needed the TW on this chapter and have come here for a summary, Bobby's health is going to continue to decline in this fic, but from this chapter that decline sees a marked acceleration. I'll continue to post warnings for what sections that applies to, where to avoid if necessary, and the gist of what happens. Please pull me up on this if I ever forget.
Castiel shakes his head.
“All these lessons, Mr Winchester,” the shepherd shakes his head, eyes sparking. “Are you planning on paying me extra, for them?”
Castiel groans, and Michael chuckles again and brushes the back of his hand against Castiel’s wing.
“That’s not gonna persuade me not to change it back—”
“It’s upstairs,” he says, and then, “would you help me?”
In moments alone, without the High King around to frown at her as he so often did, she told him
“That’s the other thing.” John frowns, his face setting hard and resistant. “I don’t know how I feel about my son marrying one of those—” he makes another gesture, not dissimilar to the one Bobby made earlier. Dean frowns again. “—
Dean watches the forest flit softly by them. The air is fresh and light. He thinks with a painful stab to his heart that this must be like the air up in the mountains. Castiel always described the air down in Hera as heavier and more humid than anything he was used to. Even thinking about this has Dean’s breathing growing more laboured and painful.
Dean can’t make out the other half of this conversation. What is Balthazar saying to him?
it,” Sam shakes his head. “Doesn’t mean you don’t do it.”
He doesn’t want to tell Dean he had planned to cancel the betrothal.
“Your mom says you dropped out of college?” Jimmy asks. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
Does he even love Hera?
lives,” Dean laughs earnestly. His smile is loose at his lips, his nose crinkles warmly.
“Nah,” Dean shakes his head. “We’d be together, as long as we didn’t get separated, I wouldn’t mind. Remember when we were kids, and we always talked about being adventurers and explorers? It’d be just like that. We’d be fine.”
He kisses Castiel.
“Hi, dad.”
“I’m—my name is John, by the way,” he nodded to her. Mary squinted at him, how quickly his tone seemed to have changed.
“I already have a copy in Edinburgh,” Cas says, glancing down at the book, but Dean doesn’t put it back.
“Oh…”
“That’s the whole point!” Dean hisses. “I didn’t know!”
“A Marsh Harrier.”
“What’re you guys celebrating?” Dean asks nervously, with an uncomfortable smile that puts Castiel ill-at-ease.
Dean’s heart is caught in an upward beat.
“He taught you to drive before me!” Claire exclaims. “You’re two years younger than me, and he taught you to
“We’ll do our best not to.”
Raphael stated,
He doesn’t say: Dean’s performance at the roadhouse where he won Balthazar over so completely and where Balthazar made Castiel doubt whether or not Dean was straight. When Castiel made the connection between Dean playing
proud of Castiel, for everything he’s done.
him, as the Humans in the stories Castiel has read fall in love. Perhaps one day the Human may grow to love
“Americans,” Novak shakes his head, half care, half rue. “You’re the same as the English, just younger. And with, perhaps, more virility.”
The young man seemed just as taken aback by Mary’s language as she was by his.
That evening, he and Benny and Victor go to the pub in town. He invites Cas, but politely, Cas turns him down, with some excuse of needing to make new tools in the forge, including new horseshoes per Bobby’s request. Everything between them now is spun with lightning—or at least it is on Dean’s side. Electricity sears and surges beneath his skin all the day, it ripples and rivets along his limbs and every time Cas smiles at him it sparks to the surface, he can barely contain his lurching wanting now, even in the company of others, and surely they must notice, or will notice soon.
Dean had thought he knew how his story was gonna end. He thought it was at the edge of a blade, at the barrel of a gun. He’d thought he was beyond saving. He’d thought he knew how his story was gonna end; at the edge of a blade, not in a house by a lake. He thought it was at the barrel of a gun, not with his toes dipping into soft sand. He thought it was at the barrel of a gun, not in the lock of a lover’s arms. He thought it was at the edge of a blade, and not with a blade used to stab his now-lover, a blade wrapped neat around his finger in a haloed promise of forever. He thought he was beyond saving. Now, and for years now, he believes he’s worthy of being saved.
“So,” Dean repeats, inhaling shakily. His head tips forward, rests it against Castiel’s. This moment. Only this moment. Great, somnolent waters wash around them.
Finally—
And why had Michael been so angry the day that they had left after the Angels’ first visit to Hera?
lover,
Sobs wrack his body, will not stop wracking his body. Eventually they heave at him, dry, like a cough. His heart is a caged beast, beaten, which knows it is the last of its kind. It crawls about its bars, crying.
“Yes, a poetry book,” Dean rolls his eyes.
“No,” Cas tries to shake his head, but is hardly able to with the force his face is pressed against Dean’s body. “It was—I’m just being stupid—”
“He’s very beautiful,” Dean’s eyes catch on the black-stained tip of his beak, like it’s been dipped in ink, or darkened,
stammered when we started talking again?” Cas raises an eyebrow.
The world is a broken heartbeat in Dean’s ears. He stares at the fallen form is his friend, his last ally. Abaddon watches him. Ash falls. Blossom falls. Benny’s blood is a river staining the scene. Dean’s hand grips his blade. The mark burns. Dean burns. He lunges toward Abaddon. His thoughts are of abominations. A wall has broken within him and through it flows every tide of wrath imaginable. At last.
“You’d be welcome—”
who is an only child and dotes on and is doted on by her warm and funny and slightly overweight father and her worried, timid, tender mother.
Why does it snag? There’s a name for this feeling, he’s sure of it, different to the resentment which pierced their early interactions.
“Well. You know Mike,” she sighs. “He doesn’t… open up, much. And he loved his father. But he’s getting by, I suppose.”
about me.”
“I understand.”
He frowns up to the shepherd, whose expression remains static, unreadable.
“How did Adam fare with the news?”
If wedding rings are about God, then—then—
“Oh, don’t be so modest, Dean,” Azazel leers. “Of course it’s you. This is your
Cas’s nails graze up Dean’s thighs.
“Any unfinished business you have. You know,” Charlie can’t really wink, but Dean has to give her credit for trying, here. “Any unfinished business.”
Dean laughs.
“Things are as they are, Michael.”
“No, it’s Castiel,” the other man corrects, sitting down next to Dean with the beginnings of a smile sparking at his eyes. Is that—was that a joke?
“Humility,” Benny states, leaning forward only marginally in his seat.
“I don’t think I do.”
“Just look at this turnout!” He beams emphatically, gesturing behind him to the rows upon rows of students. Castiel’s stomach lurches. “Isn’t it so exciting!”
“What? How?!” Castiel shouts back. “And
Dean scowls.
“Apparently.” The living room door opens. Jo appears, followed by Anna. Both are moving clumsily, and Castiel guesses that they’ve been at The Roadhouse, or some other bar. “Cas! Dean!”
Dean looks at the road, slowing the car down. Castiel looks out the window and realises with a start, that he is back at his old house, that they have arrived.
Michael said, voice low,
Another.
Dean was right when he complained about how shitty most therapists were.
“We’re surrendering,” Sam says, when Chuck says nothing. “We’re giving up.”
“Lisa,” he doesn’t seem able to lift his head up with any amount of ease. “Hey—I’m so sorry,” Dean keeps pausing and retching, which can’t be a good sign, Castiel thinks as he scrunches his hands together, “—I’m so sorry, about how it ended, between us,” Dean looks up at Lisa with big, unfocussed and glittering doe-eyes. Lisa presses a hand to her mouth and Castiel cannot tell if it’s to hide mirth or shock. “—I—I was so sad about it, you have to believe me,” Dean swallows, and his head lolls for a moment, “I thought it was the right thing to do—but it hurt you, and that makes me sad. You—you deserve lots of amazing things, Lisa. Lots of amazing things.”
He owns the most ethereal features imaginable. Sharp and focussed but steady, too, unwavering and curious, thick lashes and a heavy brow to counter the bright knife-pierce of his eyes and striking, delicate shape of his nose.
Cas doesn’t answer for a moment. When he does reply, the tone of his voice, the content of his words shoot something hot and coiled up Dean’s gut.
Balthazar smirks. Something about the expression makes Castiel uncomfortable. Balthazar has always had the look of a man who knows more than he would ever let on, and would
go, if it’s too much for you. I didn’t mean to push you too hard, I’m sorry—”
“And I’m only thirty-five,” Balthazar rolls his eyes. Dean frowns, confused, too bewildered by everything to be able to process sarcasm on top of everything else. He really
“You’ve never really known anything else,” Castiel points out, and Dean barks out a laugh again.
surprise him is that this family seem to think he counts Alastair as a
Lucifer spat the word out. “How can you call him such a thing? Some low, base creature—”
Balthazar admits,
“Always.” Castiel’s eyes well up again.
Well, fuck.
Then Dean looks up.
“It’s funny,” Dean starts, coughing awkwardly as his eyes stay trained on the road unfolding in front of them. “I, uh—before you left, the first time, I used to think about dropping you off at the airport, saying goodbye to you, every time you left. For college—university, I mean. I used to imagine us laughing and joking in these final hours before you left Kansas.” Why is he telling Cas this? His face grows a little hotter, this one blooming from deep within him, different to the other flushes which spread across the surface of his cheeks with itching, skitterish movements. “That’s—that sounds really lame, huh?”
“Deal,” Dean smiles. “And you’ll be struck be the insecurity every teacher must feel, when their student surpasses them.”
Castiel huffs, and sounds a little disbelieving.
Charlie looks so confused she doesn’t know what to say.
Depressed.
!!! That's all pretty drastic stuff for Dean even if he's too dazed to realise it! Hope you all enjoyed x
Castiel, when you were younger?”
“Nina Simone?”
“You heard me,” Dean nods seriously, finally beginning to brush. Cas looks away with a grin, shaking his head. He spits.
So it turns out the ‘drinks’ Charlie invited Dean to is actually an engagement party. It’s crazy—not just for the fact that Dean is forced into seeing
“Is she okay?” Dean asks.
“My dreams! My nightmares!”
“Hey, you jumped for that rock just the same as I did.”
After lunch, they look outside. The fields are buried in a pillow of white. The pines which spear the sky wear hats of snow.
“Yes, they are,” the Angel squints at Dean. “And Michael is a very powerful warrior. What’s your point?”
Dean nods, mouth open.
“But when I did,” Dean sighs, “do you remember the first time?”
“I’m old enough,” he grumbles, crossing his arms. Dean hears Ellen huff a disbelieving laugh behind him.
“The hell does that even
They kiss soft and deep for several minutes, hands running all over each other, sometimes teasing each other, mostly exploring and caressing. Cas’s hands wind up in Dean’s hair and Dean is confused a moment when suds run down his temple.
A bit of a shorter chapter, but I hope the fluff makes up for it!
Cas stoops down to form a snowball and aim it back, and Dean follows suit, shouting out at the hurdle of cold railed against him, laughing because Cas is laughing, too, but in the end they’re both overcome.
“After laughing at me?”
you, and you say you love me,” there's acid in his voice, now as well as heartbreak and desperation, his manner is soured by something unspeakable and jealous and melancholic and undeniably possessive. “I love you, and you say you love me,” he repeats, eyes burnt with tears and, now, a cruel kind of covetousness, “so stay in America. What we—we have something
“Kids,” he says. “Grandkids. Watching ‘em play in long grass. Sittin’ on the front porch, and watchin’ them play tag, or make believe games—us just talking, like we always do—your hand in my hand—my hand in yours—the sun all golden—”
Dean wakes up to a brightening sky. The sharp, fresh air of morning fills his lungs. His clothes are wet with dew, but most of his body has remained dry, which he supposes he has Castiel to thank for. The Angel’s wing is still wrapped warmly around Dean’s body, and Dean grazes his fingers against a few of Cas’s brilliant feathers. The Angel next to him stirs slightly.
the people of the four Earthly Kingdoms seem enamoured with the idea of a romance between a Human and an Angel. Pouring into the city to join the revelry come Humans from the Western Coasts of Hera, and even lands as far away as the Hook of Dione. Dean doesn’t think they’ve stopped to consider the fact that maybe, the two people betrothed didn’t have too much choice in the matter.
“Dean,” She attempts to reason, but Dean cuts her off.
Her smile was a bright slash across her face.
“Hey, Anna,” Dean calls back, surprising even himself, let alone Cas. “We’re in the kitchen.”
“So Dean is loud,” he smiles good-naturedly. “What else is he?”
Castiel’s face lifts into a laugh, warm against the cold of the snow.
Charlie beams and slides off her stool.
he corrects himself, “you feel it. The person you want to marry—well, hopefully—the person you marry will be your friend. And so you’ll love them like you love your friends, but you’ll also love them a little bit differently to how you love their friends. People who are just friends don’t move halfway across the world just so they can be together. People who are
him to stop his husband. Then he stalks out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
“You suck,” Dean groans, rubbing his eyes, “you suck, you suck, you
“What is it?” Castiel asks.
and it wouldn’t;
“So are we to make a habit of this?” Dean asks, breaking the quiet which had fallen over them like snow. Novak looks up and gives a quizzical expression. “Sitting over dinner by candlelight, trading secrets?”
A smile that must match identically the tear in Castiel’s chassis cracks at Dean’s features.
Hael shrugs it off, eyes watery.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you. I should’ve figured it out sooner,” is all she says, before squeezing tight one last time and letting go.
a proposal?” Jo raises her eyebrows. Dean glares.
Novak says, and Ellen glows. “This’ll be the best meal I’ve had in years.”
has always promised, the
attractive.
Total disaster. Stay tuned! It only gets worse.
“He, um… He was Jimmy,” he says simply, “as Jimmy as ever. An ordinary letter filled with extraordinary things. He told me to keep loving, to love many things. Even through the hurt. He told me Dean missed me—and that he knew I must miss him, too. He told me to forgive life for its hurts. Jimmy knew how to do that, best. But Dean comes in at a close second, on forgiving, loving life in spite of the pain. And, the other thing, the last thing, Jimmy told me to remember where home is.” He looks down at Dean again. “I remembered,” he says, simply. “I remembered.” He looks back up.
“Are you still cold, Dean?” Castiel asks, with a pressing and concerned frown. He’s taken a step closer.
“No, I took it from one of Mr Singer’s cages,” the shepherd answers flatly. Dean balks, eyes wide, before realising at Novak’s expression that he’s pulling Dean’s leg.
It’s only on his returning walk home that he realises the size of the gift he’s just accepted.
Dean rubs his neck, stepping inside as Anna holds the door open for him.
“That’s very kind…”
“Goodnight, Sammy,” Dean returns.
“And Cas?”
“It’s not a disability, Dean,” Castiel answers, eyebrows pinched together, “and no—I just—”
“Well, no,” he admits. Dean’s shoulders slump with relief, and damn it, Castiel
follow me on
but he wanted him safe. And I always made sure he was. So yeah—my brothers, only thing I haven’t fucked up. Came pretty close with Adam—nearly shut him out, definitely hurt him.” Castiel looks at him sadly as he speaks. “I know—I know things still aren’t
But why had he found that particular Angel so enchanting? Dean has been convinced for what feels like
Dean shakes his head and tries to stem the stream of his eyes.
“Dean,” he answers. “Dean Winchester.”
Jody and Ellen enter, Ellen with a rag and bucket, obviously intending on a little cleaning. But Jody is distracting her with conversation and sparking jokes. Ellen, distracted by her work, only returns half the shots which are fired in her direction.
“I’ve got things to do. And I’m nursing a mean hangover. The flock can look after itself.”
“Mick, is it?” Dean asks. Mick smiles and nods in confirmation. “You talk too much, by far, Mick.”
people.”
that could be there, Castiel thinks to himself, if they indeed know nothing of it.
“Zola,” Dean repeats, and looks over at Cas, unimpressed.
did—just so you could have your weird, shitty little Kingdom where everything is okay—
Castiel and it’s more like a weight crushing at everything Castiel is, has become, has inside him, than anything else. He’s missed his friend for so long, and had no idea how much exactly Dean missed him, too.
“And why do you say that?”
“You said it felt like waking up.`’
Tom chuckles.
“No,” he shakes his head. “With you. Everything. It’s all better, with you.”
“What does colour mean, in an Angel’s wings?”
“I’ll pay the same care as I do around your wit, then.”
“Eight and a half,” she says, and the words are shoved out firmly. Dean twitches a smile he can’t explain.
But Dean brushes him off.
“It’s been nine fuckin’ years, and you’re still a damn water first-er. A degenerate.”
that is, Holy Ones.”
Every day, there’s something new to the shepherd.
Dean’s eyes are stung with tears.
Anna stopped to glance out of a window. Rain beat in streaks of silver-gray against the windows and stones of the palace courtyards and gardens, it churned the soil up into mud. Anna curled her wings around herself to shield her body from the cold. The rain turned into hail.
“You keep saying that, but—”
All the things Dean must never want to see, but has seen. And now that number includes Castiel, his true form, his face turned on Dean and feeling so much shame it overshadows the love. All the things Dean never wanted to see, but was forced to look upon. Things terrible and bright and cruel.
“I would,” Jimmy nods. “So people who are
Jody, taken aback, blinks.
Castiel beams happily. Dean does the same, looking up to Castiel’s father with all the gratefulness in the world, beaming a crooked, happy grin.
Castiel stops short and turns to face Dean.
“I’m fine, thank you, Anna.”
“Enough!” Dean shouts. “You don’t know what it’s like!” He shouts louder, and wants to scream. Cas’s face hardens.
“My being your father does not mean that I am right,” the High King pointed out. What did he want from Michael, what did he desire for Michael to say?
Dean’s cheeks flame. He glances down at his lap.
“I suppose I ought to do my best to remember that to avoid offending you again,” the Heran rubbed the back of his neck, looking down.
