Jack nods, then continues, ‘He won’t remember this until he gets here. I’ve taken his key, to stop interference. He won’t recall that either.’ Jack bows his head, ‘I’m sorry Sam.’
They start to walk. ‘For the record, I am pleased for you with Benny. But you’re right. I am also jealous.’
When he returned for lunch Dean didn’t even have to try and prevent him from interfering in the kitchen as usual. He would never admit it, but he liked bossing Cas around and fixing his appalling cooking. It was one of the things he had missed so much every year that they had celebrated Christmas separately.
‘Dean, she’s grown up now. Plus are you telling me you tell Cas about all your first dates so he can vet them?’
Dean watches in silence as Benny gets increasingly reckless and Cas becomes quiet. He surrenders shortly afterwards and decides to go to bed.
‘I’ve told you before, I see you as my partner for life. Boyfriend is such a potentially fleeting thing. I can never imagine my life without you. I will have you any way that I can. I’ve never looked at you like that because I never thought you would ever, could ever, return those feelings. But if you’re telling me that I have been wrong all this time, that you have finally listened to me telling you that I love you and understand for the first time just how much I mean it, then please tell me.’
‘What have I let myself in for?’ Sam laughs and claps him on the back before he climbs into the passenger seat of his car.
‘Is he coming as well? It will be nice to meet him.’ He’s never met Sam’s brother, he travels for work a lot and Cas has never been around when he’s visited Sam.
‘Cas, this is Donna. She’s my martial arts instructor. She’s trying to drag me out to train this morning. Can you help me persuade her that I need to stay here and eat greasy food instead?’
Cas, in his usual way, stared at her, head slightly tilted, eyes squinting without speaking. When he didn’t reply, she tried again. ‘Do you think it is appropriate for Claire?’
Claire sat up, the slightly mocking tone to her voice and expression disappearing. ‘Really? That’s great Dad, I wasn’t actually expecting it to, you know, go well...’ she trailed off.
Her dad knew where she was headed, warned her to be careful about spiked drinks. Sternly told Beth to be careful driving at night, then stopped, briefly holding her face in his hands, ‘You’ll have a great time. They are amazing live.’ Gave her a little smile, deep blue eyes twinkling,  and let go. Watching from the door as she ran off. Wishing he could go as well, but realising that it wasn’t the ‘cool’ thing to do, no matter how much he wanted to go. No matter how much.
Dean got up to head inside. He stopped short when he saw a woman in the kitchen too. She looked a little older than Cas and had long red hair tied up in a ponytail, a dancer’s physique. They were both wearing workout clothes. She was laughing at one of his jokes, touching his arm.
‘He’s a friend. I’m hopefully going to be playing Ben’s dad. We went out to a bar last night, I stayed to watch over Dean as he seemed very inebriated.’
He moves closer, grabbing the blue tie which was perennially backwards and ran his hands through Cas’ short, black, windswept hair. ‘But ...’ Cas stuttered, realising what happened.
The evening passes in a blur. They end up getting a taxi back to Dean’s house because they both drink too much to drive. Dean is distraught leaving his precious car at the bar, Castiel promises to take him to collect it in the morning, both forgetting he doesn’t have a car.
Cas was stopped in his tracks. Of course it might seem like they were a couple. But they weren’t. Would never be.
Eyes darting round quickly to find Cas. He gave her a forlorn half smile, she knew he couldn’t have done anything to stop them. She went over to stand with him by the side of the dance floor. They watched as Sam and Dean were having a whale of a time playing to a tiny crowd of teenagers and their parents. The band backing them (the cover band had stayed on to perform that duty) were way out of their depth, but they were just about keeping up.
‘Look at me! Middle age women the world over say stuff like that about me all the time. But coming from you makes me blush.’
‘You were great Jack. I didn’t even know you were touring with these guys until I saw the flyer. Why didn’t you tell me? It’s a brilliant idea!’ She smiles warmly at him, before turning to her friend ‘Would you like to meet Beth?’
He pulls out his phone. Shows her selfies he, Sam, Dean and Claire took at Christmas. He shows Jack and Claire toasting marshmallows on a fire. Her face grows more incredulous as he flicks through the camera roll, showing Dean in the kitchen making Thanksgiving dinner, making rude gestures at the phone for him to get out, photos of them all at the dinner table surrounded by heaps of food.
The snow flurry had quickened to the point that he could barely make out the road in front of him. The gloom of twilight wasn’t helping matters. His headlights bounced off an object ahead. He squinted to see through the snow. Was that a car off in the edge of the trees?
The rest of Dean’s visit went by in a flash. He was soon heading out to Oregon and on to Canada. But true to his word, he started rejigging his tour dates around Claire’s school breaks. He would come to stay with them whenever possible. He had his own room and started leaving clothes and possessions at the house.
‘Yeah. Plus no one is expecting me to be here, if I don’t look directly at anyone or speak, no one will notice me.’
‘So, Cas, Eileen tell us a bit about your family.’ Ellen started once they were all slowly digesting their gargantuan pancake stacks.
When he opens the front door the house is surprisingly quiet. Dean clomps around heavily, mainly because he’s still walking a little oddly. No sign of Cas.
He smiled and blanched at the memory. ‘When we moved in together first of all it’s because we were both terrified and struggling on our own and needed our best friend to help us through a tough patch. We aren’t there anymore. I’m sorry it’s not going to go back to how it was Claire. We’ve both moved on with our lives.’
Balthasar was holding the hand of a small child, around 8 or 9. She had brilliant red hair. As they walked along the booths Balthasar spotted Cas and gave him a big wave and smile.
‘Balthasar, pleased to meet you Cas.’ Cas shook his hand. The guy had a nice smile and a lovely accent.
He thought about what Cas had said at Thanksgiving. He hadn’t understood at the time. But just like that, it clicked. Dean had an epiphany. Cas had been jealous of someone taking his place all those years ago. Because Dean knew he would have felt the same. Hell, still did! The thought of Cas having a good date with Balthasar made him feel physically sick.
Cas puts the car back in gear, makes to pull back into the traffic, but pauses, turns back to Dean. ‘You deserve to be happy Dean.’ He doesn’t get a reply, Dean turns away and looks out the window.
‘You’ve reminded me, I need to sort out a car to get me back to the city.’ He grabs his phone and starts scrolling.
Anyone who knew Dean well would recognise the tight lipped look, the slight hunch to his shoulders. ‘Ah, well it pays to try something new once in a while!’
‘Think I’m going to head for a shower the bed, long day of travelling really taken it out of me.’ He gathers his bags and heads towards the stairs, catching sight of the paused TV.
He’s worried about his nephew, of course, but he’s more worried about Cas, what the blackness means, is he hurt too? He promised!
‘Hello Dean.’ His voice has more gravel than normal. His throat feels scratchy. He spots a glass of water on the table next to him and drinks half.
‘Wow, the anticipation is killing me! Better that than my flight. Off to plug Metallica in. Pray I don’t die! See ya Cas.’
He had a limp, he would never hunt. But he and Sam agreed it was time to retire anyway. Pass their knowledge to the next generation.
‘Angels, yes they’re a funny bunch really. Not sure what’s up with him today,’ she glances back at Cas, who hasn’t moved.
‘Night Cas’, Dean heads out the door. Cas watches him hail a cab from the window. He’s sure he sees Dean glance up at the building as the taxi pulls away.
‘For my, what was it Cas 30th? Anyway, for my birthday, my brother decided it would be a great idea to adopt a tiger. Mmm And not one of those on paper arrangements, an actual tiger, it came to the party.’
The weather is miserable, monsoon season seems to have arrived so Cas lies on the sofa under his duvet and watches films.
They got to the end, both smiling at one another, satisfied. Rowena put her hands together gently for a round of applause. ‘That was beautiful. I don’t recognise it?’
Castiel had a hard time focusing on Dean’s words as the alpha started to pump his hand, but he did his best to nod. He heard Dean laugh under his breath, but figured he had a reason to ignore it as Dean’s hand sped up and Castiel felt that feeling of pleasure building quickly.
“Well, I guess you could say you just swept me off my feet,” that someone said, and Castiel immediately made to get off this person and stand up, but stopped when he looked up into the mesmerizing green eyes of the person beneath him. He froze because he came face to face with the most beautiful person he’d ever seen. And when the man’s scent registered in his brain it took his breath away because it was so purely alpha.
Castiel smiled at Dean and answered him by leaning down to share a kiss. Dean broke it off soon after and placed small kisses down to Castiel’s neck. He gave a few well placed kisses and nips to Castiel’s mating gland that left Castiel rutting into him as he made his way farther down to his chest.
Judging by how loud the scream was, they were right outside. He smirked and continued to pick at his nails as the door swung open and in tumbled a man with his hands tied together behind his back and a sack over his head. “Well, well, well…” Dean said from where he was perched on a stack of hay. He swung his right leg back and forth as he flicked his eyes to see Benny and Sam forcing the man onto his knees. “What do we have here?”
Ellen came back over to him, smiling softly as she guided him to his spot to wait for his own cue. She fussed over his dress and veil, sniffling every few seconds to the point it worried Castiel.
before he swiftly crawled on top of him and slotted himself between his legs. “Happy birthday, my angel.” He pulled Cas’s cock out and gave him a few quick strokes, making him gasp in surprise. Dean smiled smugly and gave Cas a quick kiss before sliding down to be level with Cas's groin.
“Of course,” Dean murmured, kissing his way to Cas’s neck. Cas sighed and moved his body into Dean, biting his lip in a pleased manner at the warmth Dean gave off. “You’re so perfect,” Dean mumbled into Cas’s skin, dragging his lips over every possible inch of Cas’s neck as he could.
“Don’t be such a baby,” Gabe snorted. “And I’m not that stupid. We’re just getting a little closer, alright?”
When Dean’s hands came to grab his thighs and push them open, Castiel almost shoved away from Dean and closed his legs. He didn’t know why, because wanted to do this with Dean—he did—but now that they were actually there and doing it… Castiel was anxious. What if Dean didn’t like how he looked? What if Dean thought he was ugly or what if Castiel did something to disgust him? What if Castiel did something wrong? What if Dean wanted him to give him head and he did it wrong and Dean kicked him out? What if—?
“Then I’ll miss you, but I’m not going to change my mind; not for you, not for Michael or my mother, not for anyone. I’m sorry.
Dean entered the tent to see Jo hunched over a man, stitching up what looked to be a dreadfully deep gash on his arm. Gilda was over by another man, holding her hands over his stomach and chest. Her eyes were closed and she was chanting something under her breath.
“No,” Dean said, “I know he is my true mate. I have known since I was five. He is the only omega I will ever want. No matter if he feels the same.”
“I’ll have you,” Castiel said. Dean smiled wide again. His scent, beyond happy and utterly content, bloomed in the room Castiel was about to surge forward and kiss Dean because he felt this heat beginning to rise in him. Dean was happy with him, and he was content with him. Dean was feeling good about himself and the future because of
Dean was standing at the side of the bed and it took Castiel a moment to understand the look on his face before the previous night caught up to him and he sank back into the bed. Dean’s scent was all over it, and while his mind was racing, it helped to keep him calm.
“Say the magic words,” Dean ordered, very slowly pushing his hips forward. Cas’s eyes lolled back into his head as he let out a long, low moan. Dean smiled at the mess Cas was becoming. “Say it.” Dean stopped his hips and pulled away from Cas. He took his length in his hand and stroked himself. Cas panted for a few minutes before opening his eyes and fixing his gaze on Dean’s hands. He let out a string of desperate whimpers and moans. The young man was so far past being able to speak, it only made the pirate harder. Dean grunted the Cas’s name. “
The sound of a door opening made Castiel finally calm down enough that he could hear what was being said. King Dean was standing in the entryway to the room, facing Castiel with what looked to be a sad face and slumped shoulders, though through his tears he couldn’t be sure.
followed by whatever she wanted, and whoever she spoke it to would do what she said. No questions asked. Two years or so after Castiel left, he saw Rachel in a movie and since then she’d been doing very well for herself. At least, up until her last movie. It hadn’t done so well, and now Castiel had read Rachel was getting a divorce for unknown reasons.
“Perfect,” Meg said, reaching to her plate to swirl her finger in the leftover white sauce from the evening meal that had been served. She brought it up to her mouth as she looked directly at Cas and licked away the cream suggestively. “What do you think, Castiel?” She asked, reaching back down to wipe up some more sauce.
As Castiel looked back ahead of himself, he felt himself run straight into someone. The wind was knocked out of him and he fell down, gasping for breath for a few seconds.
“Hm.” Dean sat up, crooking his fingers into that spot again. Castiel cried out and snapped his legs closed as best he could with Dean between them.
“I’m Cas, it’s nice to meet you, too," he said. Charlie and Cas shared a moment of eye contact, making Cas’s shoulders relax and his grip on Dean’s hand loosen.
Cas gasped and his eyes rolled up into his head. “Do you feel that?” Dean asked, thrusting his hips and rubbing their shafts together.
Castiel clung to Dean as the most intense pleasure he’d ever felt coursed through him, making him call out Dean’s name over and over again until he couldn’t speak, until he could only tremble as he rode out the waves of his orgasm. Tears welled up in his eyes and fell down his face from the intensity. But he didn’t want it to stop. Castiel undulated down against Dean because he wanted all of Dean, all of his alpha, his mate. He wanted all of him and more.
Castiel hated that Dean could make his face turn red so easily. In some weird way he also loved that Dean was able to do it, too. It made him feel more…human.
Dean set a slow pace and kept at it until Cas was crying and begging him for more. Then, he pulled his finger out and dipped two back into the oil and pushed into Cas, once again. Cas arched his back and moaned Dean’s name.
“You ever think that I need so much sex because you’re not doing your job of satisfying me?” he said, smirking playfully at Dean. Dean smiled wide back at him.
“Dean?” Cas called out, getting slightly worried. He didn’t register the sound of water moving behind him until it was too late and Dean was wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him back towards the bank. Cas yelped in surprise before laughing as he let Dean drag him up to a spot where he could be laid down, halfway in the water.
“Nope,” Benny laughed as he came out of the kitchen with another pie. “I've made breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert. All as pies.”
"You'll come faster that way," Dean pointed out. Cas whimpered pathetically and stopped stroking his cock. His hand went back to grip the edge of the table hard.
“Yes,” Cas said breathily, “Yes, please, more!” He opened his eyes to look into Dean’s, surprised to see all the things he was feeling and more. Adoration... Love... Want... And maybe a little bit of lust.
“I’ll hold him, Mr. Winchester,” a girl named Josephine Barnes said. Dean nodded and passed Jack to the first kid in her row and motioned for everyone to hand Jack back to her.
“Yes,” he gasped, letting out a pitiful whine as Dean let go and it was just their shafts moving against each other. Dean pinned down Cas’s hips and pushed his own forward and back teasingly. Cas threw his head back and inhaled deeply.
“I’d like that.” Castiel smiled. Dean made a noise of happy contentment, and then the two of them walked in silence as they ate their sandwiches.
A beta son of John named Adam brought Castiel books, parchment, and an inkwell and quill. He would sit with Castiel each day as the dishwashers completed their duties, and Adam would recite what he had been taught to Castiel. After he was done he would leave, and Castiel was often left on his own for a deeper learning.
Dean nodded, “Yeah. I’m sorry.” Cas shook his head before turning around and breaking out into a sprint.
Dean started slow. Pulling out till only the head of his cock was inside and then pushing in carefully, like he could break Castiel if he wasn’t cautious. He murmured encouragements into Castiel’s neck with each movement, no matter how tiny. And Dean praised Castiel on how amazing he felt or how good he was doing. Dean was making Castiel feel so good.
“Yes, we will come around to talk about that when Ellen returns,” she said, “in light of that, the next thing I need to tell you about is that when you wake up again it will more than likely be because of the fact that you have reached the final steps of developing your own sense of scenting. Which means you will be able to scent each alpha, beta, and omegas individual scent. It will be overwhelming, especially in the beginning due to it being so new and foreign to you,” Jess gave Castiel a moment to process before continuing, “Other than that, you will begin to notice your body change in slight ways. Your hips, waist, face, and chest will round out in varying degrees—”
“Sen-sensitive, Dean,” he panted, slowly letting go of Dean’s hair and letting him go back to his chest. “C-careful.”
Number One was an alpha, nicknamed Benny, and he had enhanced strength, speed, and resilience. He could outrun a bullet and punch through five-foot concrete. And if you did manage to get a punch or two in, Benny could take it and would swing back harder. Castiel hadn’t heard much about him since he left. Benny tended to keep a low profile, though; he wasn’t a wild card. Castiel figured he was working and keeping safe.
Cas smiled again and there was a soft giggle in his voice as he spoke, “My lips are sealed.” Neither of them spoke for a while. Cas watched Dean as he slept, and Benny watched Cas.
Next was a battle plan and they had plenty to choose from. Kevin and Ash would be able to help there. After that, all that was left was how many hands on deck they’d have; because before every battle Dean always gave his crew the option to abandon ship. To go home to their families or wherever they called home. If there were any weak links in the chain, they’d loose anchor and never be able to right themselves. If there was even one person who wasn’t dedicated to the battle, that meant there was a chance they could miscalculate.
Cas grinned as he brought his hands up to cup Dean’s face. “I know.” He pressed a loving kiss to Dean’s lips and felt the man’s strong arms come around his waist. “I love you, too, Dean. More than words can even begin to express.”
“I love you,” Cas said, threading a hand into Dean’s hair and pushing his head back down to connect their lips in a kiss that was more breathing than kissing.
“Of course, baby,” Dean said, offering a smile. Cas felt his knees start to wobble and his bottom lip quiver. He and Gabe had never honestly fought before and Gabe had seemed so angry. Dean bent down and scooped him up. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and gave him an appreciative squeeze. He heard Dean hum in response and felt him kiss the top of his head, murmuring a quiet
“Cas!” Dean said, his voice almost a growl, yet still held the only question he needed for his own release.
“Aye, aye.” All of them said in unison. Sam strode off. Cas wasn’t sure what he was doing, but it seemed important. The other three arranged themselves around Cas, enough to shield prying eyes, but not enough to make them suspicious.
“Yes,” Alfie said, looking at Jess expectantly, waiting for her to continue with a better explanation. Jess’s only further explanation was her face turning pink and a string of incoherent words. She looked about five seconds from spontaneously combusting when the door to Castiel’s room opened, and in walked Charlie and then Ellen.
“The honeyed fruit,” Castiel said softly. Charlie quickly turned to grab something from another tray behind her.
“Just get to it, Dean,” Castiel said. Dean saluted him before moving to circle his tongue around his areola. Castiel’s reaction was something right out of one of Dean’s best wet dreams. He gasped so prettily and moaned so breathlessly at the same time as his hand came to thread into Dean’s hair and hold him where he was. Not that Dean could even think about moving away. He wanted to hear more of those little moans, and if playing with Castiel’s pink buds was going to be what did it?
“I want more than just kisses,” Castiel said, grabbing the arms of his chair and scooting closer to Dean, “I want you to show me what mates do when they desire each other.”
“But she’s right,” Castiel said. “First Meg disappeared, then Kevin was…and then I left, and then so did everyone else…”
“Me too,” Dean lifted his head up to rest his forehead against Cas’s. “I’m so glad to have met you.”
Lisa almost shouted. She immediately covered her mouth with her hands both because she didn’t want to wake Ben up, but also because she just said
“I’m not embarrassed,” Cas answered, pushing his face into Dean’s neck. “I’m just… I… I’m still new to being this bare in front of another person. You and my nursery maid are the only people who’ve seen me naked.”
Castiel reached out and grabbed Gabe too, wrapping a tendril around Gabe and snapping the beta closer to him.
“I…” Dean took a deep breath after he swallowed. “Twenty-five,” he said. “When you turn twenty-five, I’ll take you with me.”
“Alpha!” Castiel gasped, his whole body tensing as he felt his pleasure crest once more. “Oh, alpha! I wanna see you!” He cried, his body undulating only in slight ways because Dean’s much larger frame was keeping him boxed in.
“Whoa there, brother,” Benny said, smiling a little. He grabbed onto Dean’s arm to help steady him. “Alright, yeah, you need to sleep.”
“I want that, I really do, but I need you to know I’m not—I’ve been with o-other omega’s…before,” Dean said, and his voice was full of some kind of worry. It baffled Castiel because of course Dean had to have been with other omega’s before. Not only was Dean physically attractive, but he was a beautiful soul, too. He was bright and kind, and if Castiel had fallen for him, there was no doubt that others had fallen for Dean, too.
“I know what you’re going to say,” Cas interrupted, leaning forward to brush his nose against Dean's. “Don’t.”
“So, I know you said you were going to college to study English so you could be a writer,” he began, “And you said you used to write stories about dashing alpha princes saving the locked away fair omega prince, but you never really said what you were working on now.”
“I really love you,” He whispered, “There really aren’t any words, in any language, that could describe you exactly how much I love you… How much I’m
“Cas,” he warned, gritting his teeth to gain back some control his alpha was trying to claim, “Cas, I am sorry, I have to stop.”
“Gabe, this is a family store. Please refrain from cursing,” Castiel said absentmindedly, looking over the cereals. “What about this?” He pulled a box off the shelf and turned to show it to Gabe.
“You look so fucking beautiful like this, angel,” Dean breathed out, rubbing Cas’s thighs. “Don’t rush yourself, take your time.”
“I got a Plan B pill a few days ago,” Castiel continued. “I don’t want—I wasn’t expecting to use a condom. I… I don’t like how they feel.”
“Please Dean?” Cas asked. “I know sex isn’t going to solve my fight with Gabe. Hell, if he knew I just came here to talk and sleep with you he’d probably just get more angry with me. But I just… I need to know that even if Gabe cuts me out of his life, o-or he stops loving me or any other multitude of bad outcomes, that you won’t. That you’ll still love me.”
easy when I put it in him. Slicks like a fucking water slide—thank god for mattress protectors, am I right?” Dean smiled as a small blush spread over Castiel’s cheeks. “He was a virgin yesterday but isn’t today. Oh, and he has the name of an Angel. Preferably the Angel of Thursday.”
“So, hey,” Dean said as he set the pot of water on the stove. “I gotta ask, is there a reason you were so adamant in trying to convince me you weren’t a virgin? Because, as I said, you are not good at lying,” Dean asked. Castiel flushed as he looked up at Dean.
Dean laughed, “Oh, Sandover,” he started, putting his hand on his shoulder. “You know that’s not true.”
The pirate’s lips were on his in a second and his hands went from pinning Cas’s wrists down to holding his hands. Cas opened his mouth and let Dean’s tongue plunge in to tangle together with Cas’s.
“As for the cheeses, there is brie, emmenthal, comté, grana, maroilles, cheddar, and roquefort,” Jess said, “I prefer the grana, albeit comté and maroilles are delicious, as well.”
“I am starving,” Dean said, “What say we go see Benny and get some grub? His tavern is close, and he has the best food.”
After that, Castiel remembered one weekend in June when Dean had taken Castiel, Alfie, Gilda, Sam, Jess, and a beta named Balthazar horseback riding through the countryside. It had been a two day outing, and it was awe inspiring. Castiel had gotten to see sights he’d never seen before, and it had made him very happy. The sunset was beautiful over the hills of Winchester, and the stars in the sky had been enchanting. Castiel remembered sneaking a look at Dean after the alpha had fallen asleep, and at that sight, an immense feeling of peace had lulled himself to sleep. And then Castiel’s omega dredged up the part of that trip Castiel had buried, and Castiel recalled about how he had woken up before the others, and found that he’d reached out during the night and so had Dean. Castiel had woken up to his hand in Dean’s. He remembered being so bewildered at himself; he pushed that bit of memory down, and forgot about it. Now that he remembered… Things were different, because if he were to do as Meg said and listen to his inner wolf? He knew he would never reach out to touch Dean. But his omega had. And his omega was his inner wolf; him in his truest form of himself…
Castiel pitched forward, like he was trying to stay close to Dean as he pulled at the bedsheets. Dean was about to ask if he needed to stop, but before he could, Dean felt himself pushed out of Castiel’s body.
“What about those women? That happens all the time,” Dean said, watching Cas closely as the boy started to unbutton his own shirt. “I just tell them to go away and show them the ring I wear when I’m without you.” Dean held up his left hand and pointed to the silver band. “Sometimes I have to dock at smaller pirate supply stops and the women there — Gods, they don’t leave you alone. So I started wearing this ring and it seems to keep them more at bay.”
“Has no one told you what it is like to meet your true mate?” Meg asked. Castiel slowed to a stop and shook his head.
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, grabbing Castiel’s thighs and planting his feet to thrust up. Castiel screamed and Dean did it again…and again…and again. Dean let his instincts guide him until Castiel was gasping for breath and gushing out slick each time he thrust up into the omega.
“I love you, too, angel,” Dean replied. “And out of bed, you’re really good at keeping me sane when things get rough,” he said, almost like he was shy.
Castiel eyed Dean warily, taking a step back as Dean looked at him with such intense honesty. He felt this pull towards the King, like something inside him was telling him to go to the alpha.
“It is not because you are busy with your royal obligations,” Castiel interrupted, “I am unsatisfied because I want to do more with you,” he clarified. Dean raised an eyebrow in question as he brought his wine up to take a drink. Castiel rolled his eyes at his alpha’s obliviousness. “I want to be naughty with you.”
“It matters not what His Majesty said, why would you think it fine to invite yourself into such a private matter?
He cried out because of the deep, deep ache of emptiness inside him, and forced himself to try and focus on anything but the pain. It was in his effort to distract from the emptiness that he noticed something in the air. Something that smelled like… Campfire and cinnamon, peaches and flowers, freshly baked bread and mint, basil and citrus… It was
“Let’s go,” Cas said, squeezing Dean’s hand in his own. Dean nodded, taking Cas to grab a quilt for them to lay on before heading out; laughing with each other while they ran off on the path they usually only travelled on in the early hours of the morning.
Castiel shook his head. He wasn’t feeling so well anymore and all he really wanted to do was curl up under the covers and go back to sleep.
“Right!” Dean said, laughing and wiping the tears from his eyes. “Right, yes! Sorry, I love you, I’ll see you at home, good bye. I love you.”
When they reached the spot Dean was to drop Cas off, they shared quick kisses and then Cas parted, giving Dean soft and comforting smile as he said
more thrusts, they were both coming. Dean surged up to kiss Cas sloppily, thrusting his hips into Cas’s as they worked each other through their highs. Cas’s walls massaged every last shudder from Dean, and Dean pushed himself as deep as he could into Cas’s heat.
“I was told you didn’t… I mean, I had to be sure that you would fuck me because I’ve been fantasizing about you since I was thirteen.”
“Sorry,” He said. Dean rested his cheek on top of Castiel’s head and shrugged as his way of apology.
“That is Alfie’s true mate,” Castiel said, looking up at Dean with tears in his eyes, “Alfie thought John had killed him because he wears Alfie’s mating bite.”
“Dean,” Cas drawled, as if he was being stupid. “That was last night. It’s two in the afternoon. That’s eight hours away from being a full day later.”
alphas” he said, dropping himself and Castiel onto his freshly made bed. “It’s literally half the average size for an alpha. How—”
“How did I get so lucky?” Dean mumbled, dragging his lips over any part of Cas’s skin that he could.
Cas shook his head before he made Dean sit up. “No,” he said breathlessly, “I just… I can’t talk when you do that.”
Castiel could feel what he assumed to be his heat growing closer and closer, and it made him cry harder. It was minutes away from hitting him fully and that meant he was just moments away from cementing his fate of a random omega defiled by a Winchester.
Dean pushed the head of his cock into Cas, making him gasp and his thighs tremble. He draped himself over Cas. “Tell me how much you want it.”
“Knot me,” he cried, barely aware that it was his own voice saying these things. “Alpha, please, knot me!
“I don’t understand how you do that,” Lisa said, standing up with Dean. “My own mother used to try and hold him, but he would throw a fit.”
“I love you, too,” Cas nodded. “Rumors went around that you’d died. I didn’t believe them; not fully, at least… I didn’t want to believe them.”
“He’s not theirs to touch,” Cas seethed. He saw one of the girls press their body right up against Dean’s. Dean shrugged her off, much to Cas’s delight, but the woman was relentless. She just giggled and rubbed her hand over Dean’s chest with a flirtatious smile on her face and pushed her breasts out.
“You’re so beautiful, Cas, so fucking beautiful,” Dean said lowly, not removing his hand from Cas’s member. Cas moaned and threw his head back. He jerked his hips into Dean’s hand, coming a second time and calling out Dean’s name. “Just like that,” Dean whispered, cradling Cas’s cock in his palm and rubbing against Cas’s length slowly.
“I love you, too.” Castiel smiled at his mate before he herded the kids out and the door closed. Dean turned back to his class, clapping his hands together.
Castiel couldn’t bear the thought of leaving his alpha waiting, and found himself walking a bit faster. Not enough to make a scene, but enough that it had Dean suppressing a laugh.
“Will you be okay?” Dean asked a teary-eyed Lisa. They had made their way to the constable’s station to get Ben back. They would need a document from the Chief before they could go to the orphanage and pick Ben up. Lisa nodded her head vigorously. Dean took her hand in his and pushed the station. The person at the desk was dressed in navy blue - a constable off duty - and his eyes flicked up lazily to see who had entered before going back to the book he was reading only to shoot back up to look at Dean Winchester. Dean
“Dean!” Castiel yelped, wrapping himself around Dean and clinging to him. It surprised Dean how light Castiel was, and he felt blood rush below his belt at all the different positions he could fuck Castiel in because of that.
Cas felt his eyes start itching. “Is this real? You, me, here...together?” he asked. “This isn’t a dream?”
The omega stared at him for a second before he blinked rapidly and shook his head like he needed to clear it.
“I’m looking for apartments,” he said, “Since you’re threatening to deafen and sicken Sam, I figure it’s best to do this now.”
“My name is Charlie,” she said, “I know you are scared right now. You have only ever been in one part of the castle and do not know anywhere else.” Castiel eyed all three of them warily.
Cas nodded his head, but stared blankly up at the sky. He couldn’t help but have mixed emotions when he thought of seeing Dean again. And the most pressing thought on his mind was that he wasn’t sure if he even wanted to see Dean again.
“Charlie told me she talked to you last night about Cas being descended from angels,” Gilda said quietly. Dean nodded, not taking his eyes off of Cas. “What are you thinking?”
Dean groaned and stretched before lifting his head and smiling at Cas. “Morning, sunshine,” he said, his smile fading and grimacing.
“He is, and I am so proud of him. He’s so smart. I knew he was gonna be something great when we were young because he used to be able to run laps around me,” Dean said, and the look on Dean’s face just made him that much more attractive to Castiel. “He’s gonna be a lawyer that represents children, and god, he’s gonna be so great. I do everything I can to support him and give him everything he deserves.”
just have, what? Two prostate orgasms and then an actual orgasm,” Dean said, “That’s gonna take a lot out of you.”
. They ached to be touched, and Castiel quickly let go of the hold he had pinning Dean’s arms to the bed. He grabbed Dean and pulled him up so their chests were pressed together.
“You doing alright?” Dean asked, and Castiel couldn’t help but laugh because of course he was doing alright. He was doing better than alright.
“Why are you so upset? Dean wasn’t even interested in them in the slightest,” Gabe asked when he caught up. Cas only shot him a look and shook his head in disbelief.
Cas laughed around Dean, making the older man’s eyes screw shut and a sharp inhale of breath to be very audibly heard. After that Dean’s breathing became intensely haggard and uneven.
“Lisa,” he started. “Drop this nonsense. You’re not a pirate. You’re a whore.” His eyes scanned her body hungrily. “I’ll even buy you right now.”
“I still owe you dinner, don’t I? Maybe we can hit a grocery story after your class, get all our favorite things and make dinner together,” Dean said. Nothing sounded better to Castiel than that plan, but there was one problem.
Crowley’s face soured and he swirled his newly replenished wine. “I tried reading that book,” he said, “but I couldn’t finish it.”
Dean leaned down to kiss Cas as the water washed away the soap suds. Cas tangled one of his hands in Dean’s hair as the other one trailed down his arm and grabbed the bar of soap. He pushed Dean’s back against the tiles and smiled as Dean hissed at the coldness.
Dean shrugged. “You haven’t disintegrated yet, have you?” he said, and Castiel smiled at the joke. “Um, listen, I put out an outfit for you on the bed. It’s some of my old clothes from way back in the day that don’t fit me anymore, but they look about your size, and there’s a clean towel if you want to take a shower. And I have some blockers in the bathroom cabinet for omega use if you want.”
“Is truly has,” Alfie said, “And I want to thank you for including me.” He looked up to Dean. “Both of you.”
“Hm,” Dean mumbled. He pulled his fingers out before pushing them back in roughly and curling them into Cas’s prostate.
Castiel pushed himself away and scurried back down the way he came. He hurried back towards where he thought the main part of the castle was, only getting mildly lost twice before he ran into Meg.
By some chance—maybe it was boredom or the fact he couldn’t sleep—Dean found himself getting up and opening his door to find a young omega standing on his porch. He looked like he’d just rolled out of bed by the state of his hair, but he was wearing jeans and a brown bomber jacket with fingerless gloves.
Amara screeched and Castiel felt a burst of pain near his cheekbone. He vaguely realized she’d gotten a punch in, but he just ignored the pain and kept hitting. It wasn’t a great plan, Castiel knew in the back of his mind, but he didn’t care.
“No…” Cas whimpered, clutching his stomach as he felt bile rise in his throat. “Father, please, no. I don’t want to marry Meg. I don’t—”
“Everything—” Cas moaned again, arching into Dean’s hand. “—so good!” He snapped his eyes open, meeting Dean’s and silently begging for a kiss. Something Dean gave him willingly, not hesitating to slide his tongue into Cas’s mouth to gently help him to come down from his orgasm. Cas yelped, curling forward and breaking the kiss. “Please?” he whimpered, shaking so hard Dean could feel it in his own bones. Dean nuzzled into Cas’s neck, kissing his skin softly. He could tell that Cas was about at his breaking point and he reached up to start tugging at the knot that kept Cas bound. “Please? I can’t t-take much m-more.”
“Wait, but that means…” Dean turned his attention back to Rachel. “You’re one of the Angel Academy kids, aren’t you?”
“We do not want to hurt you,” Charlie said timidly, like Castiel’s being scared and wary of them hurt her, “We just want to help.”
Cas’s lip quivered as he spoke, “I understand.” He nodded curtly. Dean walked over to Cas and traced over his bare shoulders lightly before hugging him.
“Not—I mean, by... No, I mean, not... I...” Castiel floundered. He didn’t know what he wanted. His omega wouldn’t let him say no to Dean, but he didn’t want to be mated. Or... Did he?
“I…” she brought a hand to her stomach, touching the spot Castiel had held the gun to before bringing her hand up to look at it. “No,” she whimpered.
In the next few punches, Castiel felt more bursts of pain in different places on his body. Each one he ignored, though. He ignored the pain until he couldn’t ignore Amara, because she kicked his footing out from under him and he collapsed to the ground.
“No doubt he blamed them for it,” Meg said, and Castiel nodded. Zachariah had been harsh and distant in his criticism of the others’ inability to save Kevin. It had been a very traumatic day for all of them, and Castiel cried himself to sleep for months.
“I heard rumors from a handful of the servants in your house about how whenever Dean Winchester’s ship docked, you acted differently. More lively,” Meg said, stepped up to stand next to Cas. “Now, seeing your painting accompanied to the fact that I’ve been acting suggestively towards you only to gain nothing? I know for fact that you’re excited by men.”
“Yeah. All seven of them. They took turns at first, then rested before doing it again.” Castiel looked down at his lap, pushing down the memories that began rising. “And they kept me from escaping them for hours. Made me do horrible things for them.”
Cas breathed hard, his eyes not able to stay open. “Yes.” His voice was completely wrecked. Dean smiled and pushed himself up to lean over Cas, just looking at his beautiful angel.
“Because Sam already has two dogs and our landlord only allows for two pets.” Dean shrugged, giving Castiel an apologetic look over his shoulder.
“If it’s a matter of if you think you’re overstaying your welcome,” Dean began, and when Castiel rounded the corner to the kitchen, he ran right into Dean. Unlike how they met, though, neither of them went toppling over, and instead they just froze and stared into each other’s eyes. It was like an unseen force took hold of them in that moment, and Castiel knew he should move away, because he was close enough to be able to scent Dean, and that was considered impolite for non-mates to do, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t move because he
Cas was getting so into he almost didn’t notice when he felt Dean’s length push into his hip. It made him smile to know that he could do that to Dean. Cas reached his hand down and felt Dean, making the taller man grunt again before pulling him into the dark of Cas’s bedroom.
And since Benny and Dean had been in Alastair’s clutches together, the older man knew he had to do something to push Dean to get better.
“Dean!” Sam came bounding up the stairs to Dean with Charlie, Jo, Gilda, Benny, and the rest of his officers behind him. “Everyone’s ready,” Sam said. Dean nodded, looking from Sam to the rest of his officers.
“You’re human,” Cas said. “You’re a human somewhere between good and bad. I happen to think you’re more good than bad. You’ve helped and saved so many people, Dean.”
“Yeah, I figured you’d be hungry. And thirsty.” Dean filled the cup again and gave it back to Castiel, smiling as he drank half before going back to filling his stomach with eggs and bacon. “I have orange juice if you want?”
“I wasn’t paying too close attention either. No need for apologies, we’ll just chalk it up to teamwork.”
Cas was on the verge of coming when Dean stopped and pushed them both up onto their knees. Dean wrapped one arm around Cas’s waist while the other went to play with Cas’s nipples.
ALSO I discovered how much I actually really like the ABO Dynamics universes a few months ago and I feel like I missed this huge opportunity. (At first, I was going to write this one as ABO but a friend of mine that was supposed to be a sort of beta for me didn't like ABO and I didn't want to make her uncomfortable reading it, so I took her advice and introduced Meg as Crowley's daughter for Cas to marry.) I'm not sure if the new fic will be ABO or not. I haven't decided. What would you all think? ABO or not ABO? (If you're even going to read the new version, I mean.)
“You’re not out of the woods yet, alpha,” Castiel said, as Dean kissed down his stomach. “I’ll let you know when you’re forgiven. Depends on how strong your tongue game is.”
“Want me to start on the morning of my eleventh birthday when I woke up to my first ever heat and my father and brother practically killing each other in a fight on who got to go first with me?”
“Benny’s my cook and his food is utterly heavenly. His pie is to die for. Charlie, she’s the Quarter Master and she does a
“Run my hand through your hair?” Dean asked, raising an eyebrow. Cas nodded, smiling as he took as much as Dean as he could into his mouth, only using one of his hands to move up and down along Dean’s shaft. He rested the other on Dean’s leg; digging his fingers into the meat of the man's thigh as he slowly took more and more of Dean’s cock into his mouth, he gagged when he felt the head hit the back of his throat.
“I mean, back in my early twenties I would pop cherries left and right but I turned twenty-six in January, and now that I’ve had six months to let that sink in…oh, I don’t know.” Dean shrugged. “I feel like I should really be trying to settle down and have sex with people who know what they’re doing.”
Lisa smiled brightly for a second before her face crumpled. “He can’t lose you, Dean. He would be crushed.”
Dean smiled as he rolled his eyes. “I’m not going to call you out for all the lying because it’s not my business…but you should know you are
“Can I kiss you?” Dean asked, and Castiel’s breath caught in his throat. A million ways to answer ran through his head, but he didn’t trust himself to speak. Instead, he nodded jerkily, and the next thing he knew, Dean was wrapping him up in his warm embrace and kissing the breath from his lungs.
“I, um, I don’t know,” Castiel answered honestly. “She’s our mom and she’s programmed to not let deadly harm come to anyone. Dad talked to me about this at length when Kevin was…”
“You did,” Dean said as he took a seat next to Castiel. “I knew you could do it, but man, I am still impressed by your talent.”
“You’re so big and you fill me up so nice and full,” Cas gasped, tears starting to leak out of his eyes. Dean pushed in another inch. “You’re so perfect; you make me feel so good.” Cas was rewarded with another inch of Dean’s impressive length.
"Get them wet and I'll put them inside you," Dean said, smiling as Castiel sucked his fingers into his mouth ravenously. Like he was starving and Dean had just offered him a scrap of food. "That's right baby," Dean purred, biting his bottom lip as Castiel swirled his tongue around the digits in his mouth so enthusiastically saliva started to collect at the edges of his mouth in seconds.
“Hush. It’s a shame because your slick is just...” Dean made the move to give a chef's kiss, but Castiel grabbed his arm and stopped him.
“Thank you,” Lisa whispered as she pulled away. Dean turned and stepped out of his cabin, giving her one last look.
“Get the fuck out.” Michael snarled. “Get out of my sight.” He turned his back to Castiel. “What a pathetic excuse for a Novak.”
And then Charlie said something that stopped Castiel’s heart for a beat. He was almost certain he’d heard her wrong.
“I do,” he said, and Dean’s breath hitched. “Harder!” Cas demanded, and Dean drove his hips forward. He moved his hand as Cas’s eyes rolled up into his head and dug his fingers into Cas’s hip, relishing in the pleased little gasp Cas let out.
“Oh,” Cas breathed out, still smiling. He moved his hips forward again and threw his head back while inhaling a stuttering breath. “Fuck!”
“I did whatever I could to give Sam a better life,” Dean continued, “but there isn’t much need for a teenage alpha in the workplace, so…”
“The only reason that we even survived and won is because reinforcements came in at the last moment and saved our asses,” Dean said. “I lost a lot of good men and women because of Abbadon. But we won and I—”
Castiel looked down at his lap. “I don’t blame you, mom. Dad was the one who… He was the one who put all of us in this situation.”
“Sit down, Cas, I’ll answer any questions you have.” Ellen looked past Castiel to Dean. “And any questions you have, too, Dean.”
“Dean, you need to go. I can’t have you stressing Cas out right now,” Gilda said, looking at him pleadingly.
“Here,” she began, carefully moving closer to Castiel on the bed. Castiel kept on high alert as she sat in front of him and grabbed the knife on the tray. She cut into one of the pale yellow cheeses and handed it to him, “This is grana, my favorite.”
They spent the night like that: in each other’s arms talking, laughing quietly, and sharing stories. When their eyes started to close on their own, they got under the covers and cuddled.
Cas smiled, kissing around the girth before taking the head into his mouth. He flicked his tongue across Dean’s slit, making the man hiss and a bead of precome to bead up. Dean groaned as Cas wrapped his hands around his shaft, pumping them to a quick rhythm. Cas loved every sound that slipped from the man's lips and sped up his pace. He felt strong hands come to run through his hair as Dean grunted.
dysfunctional superpowered family that’ll come after your ass, you hear me?” Gabe jabbed his finger into Dean’s chest once more, and Castiel rolled his eyes again.
“You…” Dean’s nose twitched and his eyes fluttered as he took a deep breath. He swayed forward a little, his eyes glazing over a bit as he looked at Castiel. “You are truly certain you want this?” He asked, and Castiel nodded frantically. Dean took a pause for only a moment, but to Castiel it felt like eons. It made his stomach churn and his head feel light, but he calmed himself. And just as Castiel was certain Dean was going to say no again Dean said, “Alright, we can do this.”
“You were supposed to be married to Meg right now. And Heaven wa supposed to have been taken into the Royal Kingdom.”
The officer let out a nervous laugh before stumbling out of his seat and all but running to Uriel’s office. They came out together a minute later, Uriel looking unaffected.
“Since you hit puberty, I think,” Dean said, raising a hand like he was declaring war. “Since you discovered your sexuality!”
Metanoia - a transformative change of heart. | Song Recommendation (and title inspiration) - Wake Me Up by by Foreign Air
“Well met, Castiel,” the person said and judging by their voice, they were a man, “My name is Dean. Dean Winchester. I am... I am the—” he cleared his throat, “—the King.”
Dean started trailing kisses down Castiel’s face and to his neck as he hooked his fingers into the waistband of Castiel’s pants and underwear and gave a gentle tug. “Lift your hips,” he said, and Castiel had to look away as Dean pulled his pants and underwear off. Dean dropped the articles of clothing off the side of the bed and continued trailing kisses down Castiel’s neck to his chest, then down to his hips.
no price,” Castiel said, “There’s nothing you could give me in exchange for me taking a dive in my next fight.”
King Dean was silent for what felt like forever. Castiel couldn’t hear any movement or even breathing. The silence almost made him think Dean had left.
Cas didn’t hesitate in answering, “Green.” Dean nodded, the corners of his mouth twitching up. He kept moving his hands up Cas’s body and down; just close enough to make Cas squirm.
Castiel rolled his eyes again and sat up, wincing at the pounding in his head. He noted that his knees didn’t hurt anymore, and figured Gadreel had used some microgel to heal him faster. “Sure,” he said absently, focusing more on the throbbing in his head, and wishing that microgel could be used on head wounds.
Dean was still smiling, “Lisa,” he started, taking her hand in his free one, “I can’t promise you nothing is going to happen to me. But I can promise you that I’m going to do everything within my power to be here for Ben. To be here for you.”
“Oh thank the Lord,” Jess said under her breath and then stood up to go greet them. Ellen took one look at her and smiled warmly, amusement flitting across her face as Jess walked over to them.
“Of all the years on your ship, do you know how many people from our crew I’ve seen die?” Jo asked, looking at Dean’s face with a hard expression.
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas gasped, throwing his head back as he sunk back down onto Dean’s cock. “Oh my god,
“Ava!” Cas warned, jerking his hand back to make Ava stop. “Let me go now.” He felt something sharp press into his side.
“Cas?” Dean asked, worry in his voice. He put his hands on Cas’s hips to stabilize him. “Cas, we can stop.” Cas breathed in deep, getting his bearings before looking Dean in the eyes.
“Yeah,” Cas said, waving a goodbye to Lisa and Hannah before allowing Gilda to tug him along. She took him out of the mess and up to the quarterdeck, letting him get comfortable looking out at the ocean before speaking up again. “What’s got you like this?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Dean,” Gilda interrupted, sighing tiredly. She pulled a blanket up to cover the man and whispered something to him before moving away. She came over to a small station next to Dean and began packing up a bag. “We’ll be coming with you.”
“Seemingly helpless,” Dean laughed before taking Cas’s hands again and tying the rope around them securely. “How does that feel? Is it too tight?”
in that awful place: Castle Purgatory. He was kept locked up in his cell in the dungeon when he wasn’t tied down to the table in which he was assaulted over and over again on.
“Listen to my voice, okay?” She said, “Are you listening?” Dean nodded. “What Ava did was bad, but everything is okay now.”
“S-sorry! Dean th-this is my sister, Rachel,” he said, barely able to keep still. “U-um, Rachel, this is Dean. He… He’s, uh…”
Cas let out a loud, breathy moan. “Please…” he begged, sounding only sounded like he’d breathed out the
“Well, little fella, I guess we’ll have to start by giving you a name, huh? How about,” Dean gave the cat a once over, taking him in, “Fluffy? Eh? I think that suits you quite nicely, Fluffy.” If a cat could get offended, then Fluffy sure as hell was offended that he had been given such a dumb name, and Dean almost rejoiced in that.
Fluffy gave a little “mew?” and looked at Dean, cocking his head a little, and as hard as he might try, Dean couldn’t help but find it endearing. Dean placed his hand on the cat’s head, messing up its fur, until Fluffy batted his hand away. Dean felt his lips turn up and a chuckle rise in his chest for the first time in weeks. It was good.
“Fuck, C-cas! I-I’m ready, jus-just fuck me already!” Dean most certainly did not whine. He felt Cas’ lips pull back in a grin, and then Dean shivered from the cold air meeting his ass. He laid there and tried not to move, but his now empty hole felt uncomfortable, and his thus untouched length reminded him of its presence. He groaned like a petulant child.
Castiel looked very relieved at that shaky declaration from Dean. “Well,” he began, “why don’t I get out of here for a while, let you clear your head, and then we can meet up later, maybe get some dinner and drinks, and talk for a bit?”
Dean pulled out his wallet and threw some cash on the counter, before standing up and waiting for Cas to follow.
Cas popped the button of his jeans, and grabbed his zipper. He pulled his zipper down and Dean could hear when the zipper separated every. Single. Set. Of teeth. Good lord, Cas was going to kill him.
Dean felt more than heard when Cas stepped back from him and dropped the flogger somewhere nearby, presumably in case Dean acted out again and needed to be reprimanded. Cas paced behind him a bit.
“I am the companion of witches. I keep them company, and I can switch between my human and my animal form. I was-” Castiel stopped speaking when Dean raised his hand like a small child who needed attention from his teacher. Castiel gave him a bored, but expectant look.
Dean chuckled because of course Castiel couldn’t just walk around town naked. Dean felt sort of weird about giving this naked man his clothes, but he shook it off, and just went with it. He grabbed a clean pair of boxers that he hadn’t worn very often, and tossed them over to Castiel. Then he looked through his jeans, finding a pair that he didn’t think would be too huge on him. Then he threw Castiel an old, faded AC/DC shirt, it was one of Dean’s favorites. He threw the clothes towards Castiel, and then dug through his closet until he found an old pair of sandals he could loan him. His toes might get a bit chilled, but these were the only extras he had. Anyway, it wasn’t like there was snow on the ground.
“You’re such a good little slut. So wet and tight for me. You like having your master’s big fat cock in your little pussy, huh?” Cas was panting and putting his full weight into every thrust.
“Cas, hey. It’s okay, really. I, um,” Dean looked down at his lap and ran his free hand through his hair, “I kinda liked it. And I’d kinda like for you to lay back down with me.” Dean was grateful that the lights were still dim so that Cas couldn’t see the color in his face.
Cas pulled Dean’s mouth off of him. Dean looked up at his master with big wide eyes, looking absolutely delectable. “Stand up, slave.” Dean stood looking down at Cas on the couch. Cas reached behind Dean and pulled out his butt plug. He pulled it out tantalizingly slow, and Dean’s mouth opened in a silent moan at the feeling of something moving in his asshole again. Cas pulled it all the way out, and set it on the side table. He looked at Dean, then his own dick, then back at Dean. Dean got the message.
Eventually, Dean got drowsy. His eyes slipped closed, and he took Cas a little deeper. He might have dozed off for a bit.
And Dean was moving. He made tiny thrusts back, fucking himself on Cas’ tongue. And Cas was pushing deeper, swirling his tongue around making Dean’s flesh bend to his will. And then there was a slick finger pushing in alongside the slick muscle.
Cas suddenly ripped the shirt off and threw it on the floor near Dean’s things. Dean had looked at Cas earlier that morning when Cas had first shown up this way, but damn. If Dean believed in God, then Cas would be His finest creation. The man was not built like the male models with the purely aesthetic muscles, but he screamed pure power. His arms were freaking logs, and his pecks looked hard as rocks. Dean’s mouth watered a little.
“Fine,” Dean answered. And then things got awkward. How was Dean supposed to make conversation with his cat? And what did he want from this conversation? Did he want to get in the guy’s pants, or did he want to get the guy out of his life as quickly as possible?
Cas lifted his head and whispered hopefully, “Do you like it? We didn't want to go overboard but it's not to plain?”
“You made all these?” Castiel asked, tearing his eyes away from a sunflower that had such intricate and amazing detail.
They kissed sloppily, just pressing their lips together for a few seconds before pulling back for air. Dean’s hands immediately went to Cas’s hips and Cas’s hands went to Dean’s hair.
Castiel looked up at Dean as he lead them back towards where they’d left Alfie and the guards. “Were you really that vocal about having a true mate?” He asked. Dean glanced down at him, a light blush staining his cheeks.
“Thank you, Cas,” Dean breathed out. He kissed Cas’s neck, and slid his hands under Cas, splaying them on his back.
“I don’t... I don’t want—” Castiel shook his head to clear it before he met Dean’s eyes again. “I’m clean.”
Cas nodded. “You don’t have to explain anything to me,” he said. “I understand.” Dean looked up at him and smiled thankfully. Cas smiled back and picked up his fork, stabbing his own pie and lifting it to Dean’s mouth. Dean chuckled and leaned forward to take the pie offered to him. But Cas giggled as he quickly moved his fork to the side, smearing red across Dean’s cheek. “You got some cherry on your face,” he said playfully, putting his fork down. Dean smiled at Cas deviously as he pushed his chair back. Cas did the same, grinning at Dean and keeping a close eye on him.
Dean shrugged and stopped in front of the lettuce and salad section. “I care that you care about them, and I… I really like seeing you when you’re talking about something you’re passionate about,” Dean said, pausing his search for the perfect green so he could look at Castiel. “It’s really nice seeing you so excited.”
“I can say I was at the library,” Cas said, as they approached the Ports Quad. “It’s happened before.” Cas heard Dean chuckle and he smiled to himself.
he had been telling the truth about his readiness earlier based on how wet he was. If Dean wasn’t actually as big as he was, he figured yeah, maybe he could have just bent Castiel over the first piece of furniture in his house and
Cas’s back healed up nicely. Gilda had said it was almost too quickly; even for one of her spells. Neither Dean or Cas were complaining though. Cas’s self-healing abilities just made it easier for them to be intimate in the way they both wanted.
“Yeah, yeah,” Gadreel waved Castiel off. “All alphas are bad, they do nothing but bring destruction and pain, yadda, yadda, yadda.”
Cas could hear everything that was being planned for his and Meg’s wedding. A woman named Ruby sat at the table talking with them, as well. Crowley said she was a marriage ceremony coordinator, and all she did was ask questions. She’d been asking countless questions since everyone sat down and there didn’t seem to be an end in sight.
“I know you said that when the time was right you’d take me with you,” Cas interrupted. “But I know you, Dean. The time is never going to be right for you… You know I’m right.” Dean looked between Cas’s eyes, searching. “Give me a date? I can’t keep this up. I need to know when I can finally start living my own life.”
When Castiel opened his eyes again, Dean was licking at his neck. He could feel Dean’s hips rocking minutely, and he could feel the alphas cum inside him.
“Gilda and I tested many different blends of herbs and a few natural fruits, and we found that for tea, bishopwort, helenium, radish—”
Cas and Dean were content. They’d be happy to die like this if that’s what it came to: sloppy kisses and thrusts of hips; wonton
“Not now,” Dean said, experimentally dragging his nail gently over Cas’s rim to see what noise he could pull from Cas.
“Oh!” Dean dug into his pocket again and grabbed his wallet. He pulled out what looked like a business card and handed it to Castiel. “I have a shop. The address is on there if you ever wanna swing by… I’m there almost every day from seven until eight or nine, so… Just swing by. Even if I’m closed, give a knock or something.”
Cas straddled Dean’s waist and grabbed the taller man’s wrists. He pushed them up onto the pillows and leaned down to growl into the man’s ear. “Don’t move them.”
Cas’s hands pumped steadily in time with the flicks of his tongue. He made sure to set a rhythm that would bring Dean close to the edge without actually making him tip over until Cas wanted him to. The noises Dean was making, scratching his nails and hitting his head against the wall behind him, due to the frustration of not being able to touch, made Cas smile. It was a nice thought that he could reduce Dean to a frustrated mess.
“Dean, that pie was supposed to be for Charlie and Gilda. You know Jo is trying to...woo them, I guess.”
Castiel just prayed this would be over soon and that Alastair wouldn’t knot him. That was always what hurt him the most. Not just physically, but the mental and emotional toll of being knotted against his will was absolute hell. It was the hardest part to get over in the immediate aftermath because on a biological level, it left his omega yearning for a mate it didn’t want—that it loathed with it’s entire being, but still needed because knotting was for mates. It was supposed to signify their close bond to each other, it
Zachariah was at the center of everything. He was the reason for all of it. And that sucked. It really did, but the threat was over, wasn’t it? The apocalypse had been avoided, and Castiel was happy.
“Compared to the Hellhound Pirates,” she started, lowering her hand to her side, still keeping it hidden behind her thigh. “My crew is much stronger.” Abbadon swiped out at him with a hidden blade.
It’s been a few years since I finished this and posted everything and…before you start this story, please be aware that it was the very first long fic I ever wrote. And it’s the first fic I wrote that had explicit smut in it. (Tbh, I got a bit carried away with it in this story, so beware of that.) Not only that, but there are also enough instances of historical inaccuracies throughout the fic that I should warn you some were intentional. Honestly, you’ll just have to take this fic a mainly for brain candy—not something to analyze, I mean.
Dean pulled his chair out for him when they got to the table, and then lifted the cloche over his plate.
Castiel took no pause and laid flat on Arkangel’s back, rolling to the side. He felt the swipe of claws tear into his side and he wanted to scream out because it hurt, but he ignore it. Instead, he pushed up with the arm he had left and spun Arkangel around Abomination so that they were both facing away from each other. He kicked his foot out behind him with all his might, feeling it connect with Abomination’s spine. A loud crack sounded through the arena and Abomination screeched. The crowd’s cheering seemed to pause for just a breath before it doubled. When Castiel righted Arkangel he spun around to see the beastie on his hands and knees with the middle of his spine caved in.
And then Dean was alone. He was alone in an empty house for the first time in weeks, and he didn’t know what to do with himself. So Dean embraced his obsessive side and cleaned the whole house. He got rid of all of Bella’s things, except for her food bowl and her bed; he couldn’t get rid of those.
Dean went to work early the next morning, hoping that today would be a good day. He rubbed his lower back a little as he stepped out of the impala. He sauntered into the shop, heading over to the car he was working on last, when he stopped short. There, in the back of the shop, was Bella's corner.
When she finally did leave Dean lost his shit. Completely. And he did it in a way that only Dean could. He was screaming and crying and beating the shit out of everything. There was this old birdbath in the backyard that he had been meaning to get rid of, so he ran over to it.
Dean huffed. He figured, there were only two options here. The first, and the far more likely, is that the man is crazy and Dean needs to call the cops. The second, was that this man was telling him the truth and that Dean should hear him out. Dean decided that the only way to figure out which was which was to let the man speak. He thought about it for another moment, and pulled his phone out of his pocket.
The Impala rumbled to a stop in front of the pet store, and Dean shut the engine off, and grabbed Fluffy. He walked into the store, the bell above the door chiming.
Dean had found an old baseball bat when he was moving, and he grabbed it now, and started hitting the birdbath with it, hard. He had no real, coherent thoughts at this point, except that that birdbath needed to die and he was going to do the deed. His vision blurred with tears, and he kept smashing until little bits of concrete were scattered all throughout his yard.
Next to the little table sat The Box. The Box was maybe a foot in each direction, and was a bright red. Inside the box was everything Dean could ever dream of. The leash for his collar was in there. Several different butt plugs of different styles and sizes were laid neatly at the base. Huge, monster dildos stood at attention, propped up against the side. Cock rings. Nipple clamps. Cock rings attached to nipple clamps. Riding crops. Whips. Paddles. Floggers. Different kinds of lube. Pacifiers and onesies for when Dean was feeling little. Snout and tail for puppy play. Silk ropes in black and red.
When Cas had the opportunity to plan a scene, which was rare because they were more spontaneous, he took it to the extreme. Cas would plan every second of the scene, with as much detail as possible. Sometimes Cas would even take the time to write out lines that he would say to Dean. Dean thought it was absolutely adorable.
Dean and Fluffy drove back to the house, but not before stopping at the grocery store and picking up all the allergy meds Dean could possibly need. When they got there, Dean set Fluffy up in a chair and started cat-proofing the house. He sprayed all his furniture with the anti-scratch spray. He set up a litter box in his bathroom, and another one in the downstairs bathroom. He set up a bowl with dry food and another with water on his kitchen counter, and he placed the toys and scratching post all around the living room.
With little hesitation, Cas started thrusting in and out of Dean, giving him no time to adjust. The feel of Cas’ balls and hip bones against Dean’s raw ass made him feel like he was high, like he was home. That feeling was almost as good as sex, almost.
“I’m sorry about that, Dean. I really didn’t mean to, it just happened. I’ll take care of it, I’ll disinfect it, and clean it, and --” Cas began to climb off of Dean, suddenly in a panic. He was stopped by delicate fingers encircling his wrist.
“Fuck baby, you’re such a good toy. Look at you, taking my cock so well, still so tight even after I fucked you once,” Cas positively growled, right before he bit the nape of Dean’s neck. Dean let out a choked moan.
“Alpha,” Castiel moaned softly. “What—” he cut himself off with a loud moan as Dean’s hips pushed into him and another burst of cum painted his insides. “What happened?” He asked.
A few minutes later, Cas was biting his lip to suppress pleased noises. Dean was too focused on Cas’s stomach and didn’t realize the effect he was having on Cas until Cas wasn’t able to stop the moan that fell from his lips.
Dean finally relented. He checked one more time to make sure Castiel was open enough for it before he threw caution to the wind and pushed three fingers into Castiel’s entrance, hissing at the slick hotness that enveloped his digits.
“Shut up,” Dean mumbled, smiling before diving back down to give Cas what he wanted and shoved his tongue down Cas’s throat.
Dean waited barely a millisecond and then lunged after Amara. And sure, Dean was fast, but not fast enough. Castiel heard the shot and saw Dean stop mid step.
“That is part of the mating and marriage law. Courting must go on for a minimum of two months, and both parties must be eighteen for those two minimum months,” Meg explained. “Plus, Dean’s idea of courting is much more grand and romantic than group outings to the garden or a weekend in the hillside. Or a tour of the castle.”
(Also, I don't know how great the very ending is... I'm not sure I like it, so maybe before I post the epilogue I'll come back to edit it. I rewrote this entire chapter and the scenes so many times it's just... It's the best it can really be right now.)
“You’re not overstaying your welcome,” Dean said. Castiel’s hand twitched and he wanted nothing more than to reach up and touch Dean’s face. He wanted to run his hands through the alpha’s hair and press as close as he could to Dean. Castiel wanted to kiss Dean and be kissed by Dean. But he knew he shouldn’t.
“Dean,” Cas whispered breathlessly, a small convulsion causing him to push into Dean with a moan. “Dean… Dean…” Cas repeated the man’s name as Dean finished wiping away all the drying cum. He put his hands on Cas’s torso and kneaded his muscles. Cas turned and looked at Dean. “I... love... you,” he said between breaths.
Dean is crying, ‘I was too pissed when I saw him before they left, I didn’t have the chance to tell him I love him too.’
‘Well, Claire, I follow Dean’s logic certainly. And if you want to have your friends over here before hand, you can do that too.’
He gives her a small smile, ‘Yeah well, not so lucky over here. I’m fairly sure the right person has been and gone, and I was too stupid to realise.’ A look Dean couldn’t read flashed across her face.
They’re in a bar one evening. Benny is supposed to meeting them later with his new girlfriend. Cas spots someone he would rather not see. Unfortunately it’s too late. Balthasar has seen him too.
At midnight the crowd begins to thin. The hard core group, Meg, Gabriel and Rowena, head to a club to go dancing. Hannah and Alfie head home. Cas expects Sam and Eileen to follow their lead soon. But for the moment it’s just the four of them.
Dean started to pace. ‘I was hopeful she would want to get to know Claire, but it was clear after their first meeting that Amara wasn’t as bothered as I thought. I didn’t tell Claire who she was obviously.’
The dinner was raucous, with Dean now mixing wine with the scotch sloshing in his stomach. He didn’t eat a great deal. Too fancy for his liking. He’d lost any hunger part way through the scotch anyway.
Cas completed his circle, enacting the original plan. Sam came bursting through the door and set light to the holy oil. It burned purple.
‘No Cas, why keep it a secret? We’re done with those I thought? Then you jump up behind me on stage too.’
‘Yeah.’ Dean slowly catches the mood. ‘I, uh, met her the other week. We went for coffee.’ Charlie raises her eyebrows.
Dean rolled his eyes, “Yeah, Cas. That was awesome. Hell, that was the best sex of my life. I wouldn’t be too upset if we did it again.” Cas ran his finger over Dean’s perineum, scooping some come on his index finger and then bringing it to his lips.
The next morning Dean woke up with a cold lap and a crick in his neck. He hadn’t slept on a couch willingly in years, let alone when he had been sitting upright. He stood up and walked to the kitchen, running a hand over his stubble that he decided was past due for a trim.
“Well, here is to rough dads and not turning out like them” The men clinked their drinks together, and Dean felt reassured at the way Cas had taken his admission.
Can leaned down and growled in Dean’s ear “I own you.” With that, Cas ripped the cockring off and bit Dean’s throat, and Dean was screaming. The orgasm tore through him painfully and suddenly, and Dean shot his load all over his stomach, chest, Cas’ hand, and the sleep shirt that Cas was still wearing. Cas thrusted in a few more times, before Dean could feel his seed filling him. They both laid there limp for several minutes, before Cas reached up and magically unclasped Dean’s collar with one hand. Again, they stayed like that for a few minutes, and Dean felt like he might be drifting off again.
“Sir, please. Please fuck me, use me up, fill me to the brim. Please, sir. Please,” Dean begged, hoping that Cas would take mercy on him and they could both come.
“No, boy. You need to go home now, Dean. If you keep this up much longer, you’re gonna get hurt on that job and you won’t be no good to nobody. So go home, and if I see you back here before Tuesday, so help me God.” Bobby set his jaw, crossed his arms, and raised an eyebrow, daring Dean to challenge him.
Dean scampered off to the kitchen, his now hard dick bobbing as he went to fulfill his master’s request. Dean decided to make scrambled eggs for breakfast. He wanted to do something that would not splatter, because Dean knew Cas wouldn’t want him wearing an apron, and Dean didn’t want to get burned.
Cas began to place everything where it belonged. He was careful to place lingering touches on all the places that drove Dean wild. He rubbed his hand over the head of Dean’s cock, before running his hands down his shaft. He fondled Dean’s balls as he put the ring in place. Cas lightly ran his fingers up Dean’s chest, rubbing the pads of his fingers over Dean’s steadily hardening nipples. When Cas deemed them hard enough, he harshly shut the clamps. Dean cried out and Cas grabbed his chin.
And, lord, did Cas look his fill. Cas had this predatory look in his eyes, and a grin to match. Dean looked away, suddenly feeling all self-conscious, with all the attention focussed solely on him. No one ever looked at him like that, and he couldn’t tell if he liked it or not.
Fuck, Dean could barely breathe. He nodded his understanding, knowing Cas wouldn’t begin until he did.
Cas stirred again first. He pulled off his soiled shirt, and thoroughly wiped Dean down, cleaning the cum from his stomach, his chest, and the little that was dripping out of his asshole. He gently undid the nipple clamps, to which Dean gave a defeated little whimper, and then laid back down on top of Dean. Neither of them fell asleep, but they dozed in silence for a while longer, just resting and taking comfort in one another.
He vacuumed the whole house, did some laundry, scrubbed the toilets, and cleaned that cat litter. Good lord, I’m cleaning up a cat-man’s shit right now. What is my life? And that brought him to all of Fluffy’s -- or Castiel’s rather -- stuff that he had no idea what to do with. Was he supposed to keep pretending that he had a cat when in reality it was a grown-ass man?
“And I’m working. Things are good. I think that part of all this is Sammy wanting me to settle down. Ever since he met Jess he thinks that love is the cure to everything. Not that I disagree. But between his heart eyes and his pity I can barely speak to him. And I’m not really the settling down type, you know? Not that anybody needs to know this, but it's been several months since my last sexual escapade. Maybe my bachelor days are over. Anyway, I’m happy with where I am right now. What are you thinking, Fluff-man?”
Dean walked over to the couch and kneeled in front of Cas. He pulled his master’s soft dick out of his slacks and boxers, and slipped it in his mouth. Dean took it in as far as he comfortably could. He just sat there; if Cas wanted to get hard or to face fuck Dean, he would have said as much. But he didn’t. He just wanted the comfort of Dean’s mouth around him. So Dean didn’t try anything fancy; he just sat, his jaw and throat relaxed, and savored the taste of his love.
“You just love being filled with my cock, don’t you, pet?” Cas was asking, still a passive participant. Dean nodded, but could not find his words. “You are such a needy whore.”
Dean was achingly hard at this point and Cas had barely even touched him. Dean wasn’t fighting against the forearm on his chest pinning him to the wall. He just sat there, panting, as Cas kissed and licked him, stubbornly avoiding his lips. Cas dragged his finger down Dean’s chest and abdomen painfully slowly until he got to the hem of Dean’s henley. Cas made eye contact, raising a full eyebrow, before he ripped it off, and then replaced his arm across Dean’s chest.
Then, Dean grabbed Cas’ laundry basket and went to do his laundry. Of course, Cas’ laundry would have to be first, since today he was the master. He separated the loads, and put the first one in.
Benny noticed it first. “Hey, brotha. Everything okay? You looked like you either got laid or committed murder last night.”
Benny decided to just let Dean be Dean, and he didn't bring up Bella. He just got to work. When Bobby, then Aaron, and then Garth came in, Benny just told them what he figured out, and left Dean to work.
“Hand me a pillow?” How was Cas so casual? It was clear that he wanted this as much as Dean, but he seemed to be in no rush. Dean reached blindly out to his side and grabbed the closest pillow he could find, and threw it back at Cas. He heard rustling of the sheets and felt the weight of the bed shift, and suddenly he was very aware of his arousal that was demanding his attention.
“She ended up casting a spell that originated from an animal melding spell. She was hoping to draw its increased life span from the spell, but instead she made Oscar so that he could turn into a bird, and have the senses of one.
Cas thought for a long moment before answering. “It depends on who you ask,” he finally said. “If you were to ask a conservative man like my father, he would say ‘no’. He believes that the witch and Oscar had created Familiars with the intent that they only serve witches, and thus they should serve no other purpose. If you were to ask me, on the other hand, I would say that the witch and Oscar were just people who were looking for companionship. If that is all the desired, then we should be able to find the same, no matter who it is with.”
“Well, I mostly sell the odd piece of my artwork. Paintings, or a tattoo template. I do it just enough to pay the bills, but not too much to become super noticeable, you know?” Castiel explained, as though it were the most obvious thing in the world.
They rode back to Dean’s house in comfortable quiet. At one point, Cas laid his hand on the seat between them with his palm up (like he was freaking 12) and Dean quickly grabbed it.
Dean scampered off to the bedroom on the second floor of their house. He hastily ripped off all his clothes and threw them in the hamper that was hidden away in his closet. He went over to the table and picked up the collar, fastening it on his neck. He made it tight enough that there was tension when his adam’s apple moved or when he swallowed, but not so much that he struggled to breathe.
When Bella was eleven when she got lymphoma. The doctors said there wasn't much they could do for her, and Dean wouldn't subject Bella to the vets that she hated so much. So Dean looked up someone who would put her down in his home, and he fed her bacon and ham until the time came.
Dean had no idea what to do then. The wounds had been tended to, the cat didn’t seem to be in any large amount of pain, but Dean felt like he couldn’t very well abandon the little guy either. At some point, Dean had checked and determined that it was a little guy.
“Ugh, you’re such a good whore. Taking it like a good slut. Fuck, look at you, so pliant and obediant under me. I’m gonna pump you so full,” Cas was practically screaming as he drilled into Dean, harder and faster than ever before.
“Go upstairs and kneel over the trunk, boy. I’ll be up shortly.” Cas walked off, and Dean slowly stood up, waiting for his knees to work and for the blood to go back to his feet. He then jogged up the stairs to the master.
Dean was a good cook. He made one of his favorite scrambles, with cheese, ham, spinach, onion, jalapeno, salt and pepper. He made two servings, but only took out one set of dishware. He plated it just the way Cas liked it, with lots of hot sauce, and brought the plate out to him. Cas noticed Dean, and put his book down. Dean handed the plate and the fork to Cas, and then kneeled at his master’s feet.
Dean worked like that for a while, just letting his busy hands and the loud music distract him from everything that he is feeling. And he was very efficient like this, because he wasn't stopping to let himself think, or feel, or anything besides work. It was just a formula that Dean followed, allowing his mind to go blank.
When Dean was finally awake enough to be considered a person, he remembered the deal he had made with his husband, and immediately his stomach did a little flip flop at the thought. Dean sat up and took a look around the room. His collar was not on the pillow, so that heant Cas had it.
Approximately seven million years later, Dean heard Cas’ socked feet coming up the carpeted stairs. Again, Dean’s spine went rigid, but he didn’t change his posture. Dean heard Cas come into the room, but he could not see him. Cas walked over to his closet. A few moments later, Dean heard the shirt slip off Cas’ shoulders. Then he heard the floorboards shift as Cas moved around. Cas walked to the side of the room opposite the door, where The Box was located. Cas opened The Box agonizingly slowly, causing the hinges to squeak. Dean heard him rummaging around in there for a while before Cas walked over to him.
The rest of the night was nice. They just made casual conversation. Castiel was 35, and had lived in the area most of his life. And Dean came to the conclusion that there was essentially no chance that Cas was a psycho killer.
Cas hit Dean’s prostate damn near every time. Between that, and the fact that the jarring movements tugged on his nipple clamps, Dean was ready to come yesterday. If only the infernal cock ring hadn’t been used, then he could have had a wonderful orgasm. But this wasn’t about him, it was about Cas. This was all about Cas’ enjoyment, Cas’ pleasure, Cas’ release.
When Cas pressed the last bit of food into Dean’s mouth, he left his fingers resting delicately on Dean’s chin. When Dean finished chewing, Cas pushed his fingers in Dean’s mouth again. He used his digits to explore, like one might use their tongue. He let Dean suck his fingers, drooling and almost deep-throating them. Cas shoved his fingers down Dean’s throat harshly, gagging him a bit, before pulling out.
Dean kept trying to convince himself of that as he walked upstairs to his room. Dean decided that Fluffy was probably curled up in a pile of his dirty clothes.
Dean furrowed his brow and pursed his lips, suddenly very confused. “Guess I don’. But tha’s alright. I swear to God I’m sober enough for one more.”
God, why am I trying so hard? This guy has seen me hungover and in my underwear. Also, it's not like he said this was a date! You’re just horny and lonely so you’re making things up. Pull it together Dean!
“Hmmm,” Cas scrunched his eyebrows a bit, making a decision. “Well,” he said when he seemed to have come to a decision, “seems I can take a moment of your time. Grab the back of the couch, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas positively growled, sending a shiver down Dean’s spine, “look at me.” Dean flicked his eyes up to Cas, who still had that delicious look on his face. Cas fingered the hem around his neck. He slowly let his fingers trail across his collar bones, slowly, until he reached his shoulders. He traced his fingers along his traps until he reached the back of his shirt. He stood there, his fingers waiting on his shirt and making intense eye contact with Dean, and Dean was barely breathing.
Dean could hear Cas shuffling around behind him, and he was hyper-aware of his every move. Even so, Dean felt like he couldn’t pinpoint exactly what Cas was doing. Dean was getting impatient and was about to yell at Cas, when Cas roughly grabbed Dean’s hips and slammed into him in one fluid motion.
“Maybe,” Dean answered, feigning shyness. Then he turned to Cas again and gave him a big sloppy kiss on the lips, and Cas smiled into him. Dean could feel a lack of tension in his husband, and he was very pleased with himself.
“She was very upset that her attempts failed, but she kept her promise anyway. She stopped the experiments, and even stopped practicing magic, wanting to live the rest of her life with Oscar. They had children, who inherited this ability to turn into animals. Because they also had witch genes, they could help a witch to harness and focus their magic. And thus began the line of the familiars; we can all be traced back to one Oscar McCloud.” Cas sat back, waiting for Dean to respond.
The no nonsense tone and the concern in Cas’ voice brought Dean out of it a bit. “Green, sir. Fifteen. Keep going,” Dean insisted. His breathing was shallow but his eyes were more focused.
“Yeah right, crazy. Fluffy is my cat! You, are very much a human man. Now, how the fuck did you get in my house?” Dean yelled
In Dean’s mind, one of the cutest things about his husband was easily his thoroughness. If Cas was planning anything, whether it be their wedding or a grocery list, Cas was extremely thorough. His grocery lists were color coded, they included brands and amounts and were organized based on where items were located at the store.
Those look like the ones I used for Fluffy’s splint. Dean stared at it for a moment longer, before he shrugged it off and went to the bathroom. Maybe the cat had just gotten fed up with the splint and decided it was time to be rid of it. If he’s walking around, then everything should be fine. He seems like a smart cat.
“Dean,” the man just looked very unamused, “I am the cat. I was already in your house, so it wasn’t a matter of getting in.”
Dean kneeled in front of the trunk, and then bent over it, so his chest was laying on the top of the trunk. The thing was a bit of a monster, so even its smaller side was big enough for Dean to fit his whole upper body on it comfortably. Dean crossed his arms and pillowed his head on top of them, getting ready. Again, Dean had to test his patience, making sure he doesn’t rub himself against the trunk.
Cas struck him roughly with Dean’s favorite flogger. “Shut up, cunt. You will not speak unless spoken too.” Dean nodded his understanding. “Now, you broke two rules, Dean. That means you get twenty lashes, ten for each rule. The only sound I want to hear out of you now is when you count off each lash I give you. Understood?”
Dean was left sitting there, panting, attempting to get his arousal under control. Cas walked around the couch and sat down. He picked up his book, and while he was turning to his page, he said “Come clean it up, boy.”
So he stayed late at the office, doing paperwork and a little write up about the whole fiasco with the classic car douche. By the time he was home, he was an hour later than he normally was, but he still came home to an empty house. Cas had a standing board meeting every Thursday night, and so he usually didn’t get home until 6:30 in the evening. It was now just after 6. Dean decided that he desperately needed to scene tonight.
The rest of the night passed like most Saturday nights did. Dean watched more Dr. Sexy, and Cas finished looking over the document that he had been obsessing over. But Cas’ whole demeanor changed. He was rushing to get through the proof reading, and he put his computer away as quickly as he could. When he was done, he walked to his office and came back with a blank legal pad.
“Whatcha doin’ back there? Not that I don’t -- Ahhhh!” Dean felt something warm and wet at his entrance. Cas was laving at his hole, just little kitten licks. His tongue was soft, warm, and wet. Everytime he moved away, or paused, the cold air caused Dean to clench his muscles. Then Cas started thrusting his tongue in and out of Dean, his thick hard muscle making flesh give way.
“And why is that, pet? Did you need attention? Did you need my firm hand to remind you where you belong? Did you need to be punished?”
But that couldn’t be the case. Dean liked to kiss and tell, and he didn’t smell like booze, so no one could really blame Bobby or Benny for being suspicious about why he was suddenly doing so well.
Fluffy huffed and laid his head down on Dean’s knee. Dean turned on Dr. Sexy, MD and started stroking Fluffy gently. In a matter of minutes, Fluffy was passed out and purring sweetly. Dean ended up falling asleep on his couch that night.
After a week and a half, people stopped coddling Dean, but he didn’t stop moping. Moping, being working his ass off until he couldn’t stand on his feet anymore, and then promptly passing out.
Dean supposed that the next thing he ought to do was get the little guy some supplies. He also figured that maybe he could take Bella’s leftover food back to the pet store, since he wouldn’t have any use for it. His chest clenched a little at that, but he ignored the sensation and moved on. So he wrapped a towel into a little ball and put it in his front seat, and tucked the cat into this little nest. As he drove to the pet store that had become his pet store over the years, he tried very hard to not have deja vu. He felt eerily similar to how he felt when he took this same route with a little Bella in the passenger seat, and he tried not to focus on it.
“Go do the chores, boy. When you’re done, you get to warm my cock,”  Cas ordered, turning back to his book. Dean hurried back to grab the plate and fork from Cas, wanting to hurry and complete the chores. He washed the dirty dishes he had created with breakfast. He straightened up the kitchen to one of the cleanest states it had ever been in. When he was done with the kitchen, he ran up to the bedroom. He made the bed neatly, making hospital corners, and gave the sense that the bed was better suited in a hotel suite than a modest bedroom.
“How are you feeling, babe?” Dean asked, his voice sounding like he’d done nothing but gargle gravel for a year.
But his mood kept up. Day after day, Dean would come in and make conversation and whistle his way through his shift. And night after night, he would go home to Fluffy, change his bandages, and spend quality time together. They would try out some of the dozens of toys that Dean had bought for him, but Fluffy just didn’t seem interested. Not that Dean thought he was depressed or anything; Fluffy loved playing with boxes and Dean’s shoe laces, but he wasn’t interested in the expensive toys that Dean had bought. Dean tried to be mad, he really did. But Fluffy was just too cute to stay mad at.
“Wow, that is something,” Dean said quietly. Then, louder, “Are all the relationships sexual? Like, between the familiar and the witch.”
Bella went easily and fairly quickly, but Dean swears it would have been quicker if Dean's stubbornness hadn't rubbed off on her. The woman gave Dean her condolences, and even shed a few tears for Bella, and then they both carried her out.
When Cas moved to sit up, Dean stretched. He heard his spine pop at least four times, and he gave a little grin, feeling impressed with himself. He sat up and wrapped his arm around Cas.
Castiel looked at him like he was dense. “Dean. You’ve told me basically everything about your life. You have started multiple conversations with ‘so you know I’m a mechanic, right?’”
Dean took a moment to process his thoughts. He was never a history or geneology guy or whatever, but the thought that all familiars could be traced back to this one story was fascinating to him.
Dean whined when Cas pulled his fingers out. Cas ran his fingers up Dean’s back up until he reached his collar. When his fingers touched the cool material, he spun the collar so that the d-ring was at the back of Dean’s neck. Cas hooked his first two fingers of his left hand in the d-ring.
Dean just grunted by way of response. Now, everyone knew that Dean was far from a morning person, but he usually at least responded, even if it was just to tell whoever he was talking to to fuck off. Everyone also knew that Dean was not a quiet person, contrary to the behavior he was exhibiting. He looked around the garage, and noticed that Bella wasn't running up to greet him. Benny looked over at her corner, and saw that all her stuff was gone. He stood there, wondering what was up, before his eyes widened in understanding.
Cas reached under Dean and tapped his hip bone, which Dean took as a direction to lift his hips. He did so, and Cas slipped the pillow under him and began massaging his ass cheeks. Cas kneaded the flesh under his fingers, moving the thick muscles. He moved Dean’s cheeks apart, exposing his furrowed hole to the air. Again, Cas looked his fill; Dean could feel Cas’ eyes boring into him.
Dean had gone to bed in just his boxers, so he decided to just go down in those. Dean grabbed his phone from the bedside table before running downstairs with a little skip in his step.
After Dean’s forced long weekend, he felt more desire to be at work than he had in a long time. He had actually enjoyed his time off, getting to know his new cat, and he felt ready to face everything again. So when he walked into the garage with a spring in his step, it was a far cry from the Dean that everyone had seen a few days ago.
Cas continued to thrust into Dean, long after Dean had finished. Dean just laid there, flat on his stomach, and let Cas roughly fuck into him. Cas had both his hands on Dean’s shoulders, his chest pressed into Dean’s back, and was plowing into him, using him thoroughly, and brushing over his prostate until it was over sensitive.
Cas ran his fingers down his chest, drawing attention to the freckle above his nipple, the mole in the middle of his abdomen, and some of the little scars covering his skin. His fingers came to rest on his hip bones that could slice through steel like it was butter. Cas’ fingers danced across the top of his pants, coming to rest on the button of his jeans. Cas sucked his lip in between his teeth, and Dean subconsciously copied the movement.
It was well into the afternoon when Dean figured he had done all the chores that Cas would have wanted him to complete. With that thought, he went to go find his master. On silent feet, he walked into the living room and stood at the threshold for a moment, suddenly feeling timid.
“What.” The younger man growled through gritted teeth. Bobby just glared at Dean, and he at least had the decency to look sorry.
When Dean was on maybe his fifth or maybe tenth beer (he had stopped counting a while ago), he decided that this wasn’t so bad. He could handle staying alone and getting drunk, maybe jacking off before bed, which he hadn’t done in a while. He could bake pies and work on his lawn and get all the things done that he never got the chance to. Maybe he would even go for a ru-
“Yes, Cas, fuck. Fuck me hard, use me. Fill me up.” And then Cas was spilling into Dean. Cas bit down hard on the junction of Dean’s shoulder and neck. Dean just laid there, letting Cas grind into him as he rode out his orgasm. When Cas was thoroughly spent, he just laid on top of Dean, panting and letting his dick soffen.
Cas was superhuman. He was slamming into Dean with the full force of his body with every thrust, and he just seemed to be going faster all the time. Dean would have bruises all around the back of his neck for days to come, with the grip that Cas had.
Cas scoffed, “You have no idea. He was the worst witch I’ve ever met. He did quite a number on a couple of my siblings. I managed to not get too brainwashed, thankfully.”
“No Cas! You don’t need to do anything else for this case. You completed all your obligations weeks ago. Now you are just giving yourself a headache that you don’t need.” Dean crouched down in front of Cas and grabbed his hands. “What you need, Cas, is to take a break. You’re no good to anybody if you wear yourself out to the point where you can’t work. And you’re headed there fast. So tonight, you are gonna finish what you are doing, and then no more computers past 7 p.m. Then, tomorrow, we are going to do whatever you want, but you are not allowed to touch your work. How does that sound?”
And then Cas thrust all the way in with one fluid motion. Dean couldn't breathe. He could feel every glorious inch of Cas, every vein, and he felt like he would be split in two. Fuck, it was delicious.
“Your pleasure is mine, your orgasms are mine, your dick is mine, and your holes are mine.” Cas was fucking like his life depended on it. He was nailing Dean’s prostate with every thrust.
“Dean?” Cas called, his deep voice rumbling through the house. Dean made no move to answer. He heard Cas toe off his shoes and hand up his trench coat. Then he heard Cas’ socked feet padding down the hall.
“Yeah, well. Apparently the forces that be have decided that I needed another project, so I came for some help. Pamela, how do I take care of a cat?”
So Dean walked off to complete the task. He was feeling pretty fucked out, even if he hadn’t actually orgasmed yet. Maybe that was just him in subspace. Either way, he felt like he was walking on air.
“I, um, I-I didn’t know how, um, long I wo-would last, and I wanted to be good for you, so I, um, didn’ wanna cum too fast.” Dean looked down by the end, feeling ashamed that he had broken a big rule. Cas grabbed his hair at the same time as he gripped Dean’s chin harder, and Dean met his eyes again. They stared at each other a moment, azure eyes flicking between emerald ones. Dean wasn’t sure if Cas became more receptive during scenes, if Dean became more expressive, or a combination of the two, but when they were like this, Cas could read Dean like a book. He could tell exactly where Dean’s head was at, exactly what he needed. Dean let him stare for a moment longer, before Cas seemed to have gathered all the information he needed, and let him go.
“Oh shut up bitch! It might not even be a date. That's why I’m calling you, so you can tell me if it's a date.”
Dean gathered himself (or at least attempted to) and started a slow journey up the stairs. He brought Cas’ clothes upstairs and put them away very neatly, making sure nothing was out of place. He scrubbed the bathroom top to bottom. In hindsight, he could have been a bit more thorough, but now Dean was in the mood for something that was decidedly not chores, and he couldn’t really be bothered to care about the state of the bathroom. He also couldn’t really be bothered to care about how he put his clothes away. Sure, he folded them and put them in drawers or hung them up, but he knew that if Cas looked at how they had been put away, he would not be pleased.
Cas held on to a hipbone with one hand, and fisted Dean’s hair with another. He pulled until the column of Dean’s throat was stretched, and he could feel his collar with every breath.
“So, what,” Cas began, acting like he was unimpressed even though the growing bulge in his slacks told a different story, “your need to ‘be good for me’ as you say has given you memory loss so you forgot one our most basic rules? Or did you simply not care?” If it was possible, Dean blushed even harder.
Dean looked up at Cas from under his lashes. “Today,” he said in a commanding tone, raising his left eyebrow, “you will be my slave. You will respond to my every wish without hesitation. You will be naked, and you will be under my command all day. And, you will wear this.” Cas leaned back over to the end table, and brought over Dean’s favorite cock ring. It was all metal, and it was settled at the base of his dick and balls. The ring was attached to a pretty little chain that came to another little ring that rested at the base of his sternum. This ring was attached to two more chains that held nipple clamps.
The trunk was this black storage container. There were two fake clasps on the trunk simply for decoration. It sat at the foot of their bed, centered in between these big wooden posts that were a part of the bed frame. Its primary use was just to store photo albums and other random knick knacks that they didn’t have any place to show them off. However, it was also on days like today where it would be used for sex.
‘I was a bit of a dick last night wasn’t I?’ Cas turns and raises one eyebrow with a smirk before going back to the pan of eggs he’s tending. ‘Alright, you don’t have to be like that.’ Dean’s face is glowing.
Disclaimer - I’m English and not that familiar with the timing of US school dances and proms so please forgive me if the timing doesn’t make sense.
When he gets to his room Dean drops his bags and slumps on his bed. What was he thinking? Why was he here?
‘No Dean. I mean you.’ He says it so plainly, with no expectation, no realisation of the turmoil those words are causing Dean.
‘I miss you. All the time. I know you don’t see me like that, I know it can never be more, but could we go back to what we used to have?’
‘Yeah, and we thought that I could send the holidays with you, get a place up here so you don’t need to leave your friends.’
‘Fine.’ Dean throws his hands up, ‘not like it will make much difference anyway I’m just going to be stuck here whatever.’
‘Helping in heaven is my duty. And someone needs to protect your nephew. I do not wish to go. I wish I would have visited you sooner.’ Cas turned to walk away, looking back to Dean he saw that his stance hadn’t changed. ‘I’m sorry Dean.’ He turned back and was about to take flight when Dean’s voice stopped him.
One evening, when Jack was staying with a friend, Cas got drunk, ended up at Lisa’s house. He just wanted to kiss Claire goodnight. Dean was furious that he has turned up in the doorstep in that state. Furious that he had, in Dean’s mind, only realised once it was too late just how special Claire was.
A short while later they stop outside a bar. They’re on the edge of a big city, so it’s a nice wine bar. Dean grabs his leather jacket from the back seat and they stroll inside. They are shown to seats at the back of the bar, their waiter gapes when he comes to serve them.
He beams at her, shakes Sam’s hand, kisses her cheek and inspects the ring closely, praising Sam’s choice.
Cas grabs Meg by the shoulder, ‘Sam’s brother is here.’ Meg looks perplexed at the seemingly abrupt change of topic. Cas continues, ‘I was going to tell you, but I didn’t know how. This is how I found out too.’ Meg is looking at him like he’s grown a second head.
He didn’t have the energy as he hung there on the rebar to explain it all to Sam, just asked him to hold him, to tell him it was ok.
Dean nodded, ‘I know. I ... you know ... uh ...’ Cas just smiled at the reply. He was familiar enough after all these years to understand what Dean couldn’t say back. Dean just pulled him close for another hug.
Dean had only ever showed interest in women. Despite what he had said last night, Cas was never under any illusions as to what Dean wanted from his life, and although the might miss their old life, in some way want Cas to be jealous of him finding a girlfriend and forming a new family, Cas knew that more than a friendship with Dean was the one thing that Cas couldn’t have. But he was content with whatever kind of relationship he could get from Dean.
Gabriel dismissed Zachariah with a flick of the wrist as soon as he saw them. He brought them round and introduced Castiel to the various key investors he was buttering up. Dean heard whispers, ‘Who is HE?’ and felt the furtive glances, but Cas kept a hand on his arm the whole time, bringing him into the conversations.
‘Try not to.’ Sam stands up as the waitress stops at the table and wraps his arms around Castiel, lifting the shorter, older man off his feet.
He can see the message has been read almost immediately but Dean doesn’t reply. He probably isn’t that bothered anyway, only offered to be polite.
Charlie was extremely excited to me Cas. She was numb to literary figures, but film stars were a different matter. She was a nerd at heart.
His wife had decided to start a new business while their son was small. The aim was that it would make them more financially secure and give her more time with her family. She had never had much time with them while she was employed.
He stares at his phone abs realised he’s spent 15 minutes pondering Cas’ good qualities. His bad ones? Dean always has to text first!
Rumours? Dean has never heard those. It goes on to say that it’s speculation that Cas and Dean are living together. Dean groans, they should have been more discrete. He knew the Cas groupies would catch up to him eventually.
Cas reaches for his throat and almost falls forward. Dean catches him, Sam is immediately on his other side propping him up. The void into the Empty closes and takes the entity with it.
God he was an idiot. It’s not like he’s been waiting for something to happen with Cas. No, he’s not delusional, he knows nothing ever will. But he’s been putting his life on hold anyway. He needs to get Cas out of his system somehow. Try and meet someone new. It felt good to have a plan.
Cas and Dean had decided to keep his legal name secret to protect Claire when they took their relationship public. She appreciated it, it allowed her some anonymity, revealing her family only to those she trusted and who already knew and liked her for herself.
Dean didn’t know he was back from filming. They email sometimes but signal is patchy where Cas is and he doesn’t say much when he does send a message. Dean just sends a never ending list of what he and Ben are up to. It’s obvious him that their friendship meant more to Dean than Cas. Of course it did. Dean is a nobody. Cas is a megastar. Dean is surprised he ever replies at all.
She seems to choose her words carefully. ‘I came here on an errand. This’ she gestures to herself, ‘was just what was available. I had been away for a while.’
‘Touché! But you are going to have to think of an answer that doesn’t sound like you two had a bad breakup.’
‘Oh, uh, no. She’s my adopted daughter. Long story. Her dad wasn’t my boyfriend, he’s a friend. It’s complicated. It was more practical, because of his job, he travels a lot, for her to live with me.’
To say the crowd went wild was an understatement. Cas and Dean didn’t move, they just continued to stare at one another.
‘I shaved last night. Guess I looked a bit of a mess! Sorry for the yeti/serial killer look yesterday. This better?’ He waves a hand at himself, sprinkling flour all over the apron that Cas has just spotted him wearing.
‘Yep. A new film series. His friend Meg got him an audition as the lead alongside her. Sounds like it’s made for him.’
He was in the middle of telling them about a song that he and Dean were going to play on when Cas’ breath caught in his throat.
Despite an attempt at an argument, John prevailed and they set out soon after. Cas and Rowena rode in the back of the Impala, John went with Mary in her truck. Jack flew.
That makes Cas notice his surroundings. He must have fallen asleep after (during?) the film. He can’t remember what they watched. He’s got a pillow under his head, his shoes are on the floor and there’s a blanket over him. Did Dean do that?
And then showed them a photo of Cas and Dean at the alter, and one of Sam officiating, and one of Jack and Cas (he had given Cas away). And a group one of them all.
‘Yes?’ Eileen looks confused, ‘you’ve met my fiancé a few times, remember last weekend?’ She shoved his arm affectionately.
Feelings? A spark of, something, hope perhaps, begins in Dean’s chest. Before a bucket of water is thrown on it.
‘So, you can’t go anywhere.’ Dean is dumfounded. Well that’s something that hadn’t occurred to him. Surely Jack could break his no interfering rule for them?
There are photos of him in jewellery shops with Balthasar and out for dinner with an excited looking Meg with something glinting on her finger.
‘Yes, I’ve always found it to be very reliable. Your rental doesn’t seem to be well equipped for the snow.’ Cas pulls back into the road, the snow seems to have slowed a little. At least there is something to distract him from the monotony of his wipers.
He hugs Eileen goodbye, promising brunch the following weekend so they can start strategising about wedding dresses.
Sam sighed, pushed his hair off his face, ‘When you came to LA, he didn’t want to keep you from enjoying time with your friends so he never got you to stay for that long.’
‘I’ve got used to my life now. I actually quite like it. Don’t tell Sam.’ Sharply. Cas beamed. ‘And I felt, embarrassed by that? Around dad. I can’t explain it.’
‘Hey!’ He says slapping her hand away. ‘I’m no invalid.’ He grabs one shoe and puts it on his good foot.
‘Yes many moons ago. She was a real hell raiser. Actually, still is! It was nice to reconnect when I moved over here.’
Over time, Sam stopped asking, Dean stopped pretending. He wasn’t unhappy on his own, but he wasn’t happy either. As the years passed, the spite died down. He began to regret his choice to live as long as he could. He was lonely. He would never admit it.
‘I don’t want a long and happy life.’ He left the end of the sentence unsaid. Hoping Cas would understand.
He’s invited Hannah and Alfie from work. Meg will be there and Gabriel. He thinks that Eileen has invited Rowena too. He’s looking forward to seeing them all. And Dean. Dean has a category all of his own.
Dean drove until the anger dulled to a slow fizz. Eventually he came across a bridge above some rapids. He got out, taking in the scene. He felt a presence behind him. For half a second he hoped. Then realised.
‘When someone special like you comes along a person shouldn’t let a little thing like the body that person is in get in the way of love and happiness.’
It hit him. He had been in a long term relationship.  Yes, it was severely lacking (and never going to happen) on the physical side, but everything else was provided by Dean. They knew everything about one another, could (or used to) talk about everything, they had raised children together. Dean was his home. It was that simple. It’s why he had felt so adrift the last few years.
Castiel explains, ‘It was Balthazar’s idea. He runs my PR. He has this protection strategy. So people don’t go digging into my private life, I have high profile relationships every now and then. Usually with co-stars so it’s good for ratings. But they aren’t real. It’s a deal on both sides, helps us all out.’
‘I had to deal with the fact that you’re gone. And I couldn’t. There was no way to get you back this time. Cas, I can’t live like that. I can’t live without you.’
Cas marches over and peels back the ice, exploding swollen bruising turning purple and a cankle that has grown even more in size. He regards Dean with steely eyes.
After two mugs and some breakfast They were both feeling more human. They decided to get on with the day.
Hesitantly, ‘Cas, if…’ he pauses, ‘you know what we talked about before. When the press we’re going on about you and me. Together. neither of those things you said about were an issue, would you still be annoyed that they thought you were with me?’
She carried on looking at him thoughtfully. She wasn’t convinced, but she dropped it for the moment. She soon headed off. Cas told Dean she was the manager of a local vineyard and had some tasting tours scheduled for the afternoon.
It means he has nothing better to do than hang out with Cas. It’s like a vacation. They have no interruptions, no responsibilities.
Balthasar looked over questioningly. Rowena stepped in, ‘Yes, Cas has a lovely voice. You should let him show you.’
Jack came onto the stage to a collective high pitched squeal. His set was fairly chilled, but Claire and her friends still managed to dance about, other people in the VIP area giving them a wide birth. Soon he was taking a final bow and left the stage.
As she stomped downstairs to find breakfast, she spotted them both slumped on the sofa passed out. Dean comically with his mouth open drooling, Cas curled up in a ball next to him. It was cute. She took a picture, mainly to mock them with, but also to keep the memory.
Sam grabbed Bobby in a giant bear hug. Dean grasped Charlie and Kevin in a double hug with tears in his eyes. Jo, Ellen, Ash and Rufus soon followed.
He just wished that Dean could see how worthy of someone’s unconditional love he really was. Despite his enormous success, underneath it all he was still under the impression that he was worthless. Cas didn’t know how to change Dean’s view of himself. Despite being able to spot the trait so easily in others, he was less successful at noticing it in himself.
In a blink he was outside the Roadhouse. Bobby was waiting for him. He pulled him in close for a hug. He’s so glad it was Bobby waiting rather than his actual father.
Sam and Dean got in the car and drove back over the bridge Dean had driven up to. They were back together. Dean didn’t want him to arrive too soon, but he couldn’t deny that he really wanted to meet little Dean, and catch up with Eileen. He wanted to know everything he had missed over the past 40years.
The stopped on the way to get ice cream, his idea but she wasn’t going to complain. ‘So what have you done all day? Bike shopping? I thought Cas was working?’
‘It was the first place that felt like home, since I was a kid. We were safe. My family were with me, more often than not.’
Dean and Cas barely spoke for a year. Dean and Sam would visit and stay in a hotel, Sam collecting and dropping Claire with Cas. It took a year for them to speak again. Cas text Dean after the album eventually appeared. ‘Good album Dean, proud of you.’ They began speaking again after that, became friends again slowly. But it was never like it had been. It’s been nearly six years.
He drew his knees to his chest and put his head in his hands. Heaven was no better than earth. He was still missing the one person he needed most. Amara had been wrong about that he realised.
Dean drops by Tess’ office the following week for more discussions about schedules (no he doesn’t know why they need so many either).
‘No, but someone who wants to get on his good side, get his power back?’ Sam speaks his thoughts aloud.
Jack looks up from his phone, smiling at someone behind Freddie and waving. Freddie looks behind him, but there’s no one there. Claire steps around him, putting her phone in her pocket.
Balthasar and Rowena came for their Wednesday evening gossip session that week. Claire was in her room, she was in a mood about something. Cas isn’t 100%sure why but he does know it was his fault. Or so she told him. Loudly. Before slamming the door.
Dean flushes, he has been avoiding answering. He didn’t want to turn up without a date. Didn’t want to find one either.
Mrs Harvelle’s gaze intensified. ‘Claire, I understand that you think you are grown up and in many ways you are, but that man seemed quite a lot older than you. Does your father know?’
‘I told Lisa that I missed you. I said that Dad missed you too. And I thought you missed us. And I asked if she would let us go home now.’
Dean is slightly blind sided. He just stutters. Castiel however leans in, chin in his palm, ‘Has that happened to you often?’
Dean doesn’t want drama, so keeps his head down. No one glances at him. No one would know who he was anyway.
Dean turned around and beamed. Then coughed, looking embarrassed, ‘It will do for me, do you like it?’
Dean has somehow forgotten, briefly, the reason for trying to use the Pearl. Michael. He pushed him to the back of his mind. He didn’t want to discuss that with his father here.
How this had happened he had no idea. He didn’t like men. But his few dates with women since ending his marriage had done nothing to reinvigorate his previously healthy appetite for women. They didn’t have the same sparkle in their eyes, the jet black hair he wanted to run his hands through, the hilarious dry wit, the calm understanding and support. He was gone. In every way possible. On one of the most famous and desirable people alive. Who certainly did not reciprocate his feelings. Dean was so screwed.
Balthasar settles in, intruding on their evening, giving Dean the run down of Cas in college. They actually seem to get on quite well. But still, it makes Cas uncomfortable.
‘Don’t you ‘oh yes Sam’ me, Cas. Even with that appalling disguise I recognised that face. At what point were you going to tell me that Claire’s father is Dean Winchester?’
They flew to Canada on 2nd January after tearful goodbyes in the airport. They had a schedule of visits planned with Mum, and were hoping to have some visitors every month. Dean’s dad, John, had promised to try snd visit if he had time. They both knew it wouldn’t happen. They had never a particularly close relationship, but Dean wanted to try to see more of him while they were there for Ben’s benefit. His mother had died when he was younger, Dean barely remembered her.
Once everyone is packed at ready to head home on the morning of New Year’s Eve, Dean feels a little hollow. He’s planning on attending a swanky bash in LA with Charlie and getting smashed. They make a good wing-woman/wing-man team. He’s looking forward to it, he is, but he just also feels ... what? He’s not sure what that feeling is. But it won’t go.
‘Nah, he’s just in the honeymoon phase. Trust me, women are complicated. The more beautiful, the more complicated!’ Jody sniggers.
With a little wave, he turns and heads to the car park. He’s opened his car and sat in the driver’s seat, key hovering over the ignition.
Cas resigns himself. He knows a losing battle when he sees one. As he trudges back to his office he meets Hannah in the hallway.
They carry on peppering her with questions all the way home. They thought her dad, they hadn’t realised she had two, had just had some kind of boring admin role in the music industry.
Sound checks finished on the stage. It was close to the gig starting time. Claire was as excited as the rest of the group now.
Cas that stands there. Dean waits for him to respond, when Cas doesn’t, he stinks further into the room and throws himself into a chair.
‘What are they fighting over?’ She manages to get out amid a mouthful of cereal. Sam glares at her until she finished chewing.
‘So, this interview is to discuss the tour and how things are going, your next single, find out a bit more of your life, the Winchester brother dynamic, girlfriends, a bit of everything really.’
Eileen slotted into the family like she had always been there. Dean thought she was wonderful for Sam and joined forces with her to poke fun at him. Sam took it with a brave face. He whispered to Cas that he had expected it. Claire worked on her ASL and she and Eileen gave one another spa treatments.
Dean sits down on the edge of his bed again. Maybe Cas was right. Maybe he should try again with Lisa. They had worked for such a long time. Maybe they could again?
‘And when I find that person to spend my life with. They will meet you and Cas together, because you are both the most important people and my future partner will have to work very hard to impress you two!’
Dinner at Cas’ house was nice, but odd. They all skirted around the topic of Dean. It should have been easy. They had known each other for years before Cas met Dean. But he as the elephant in the room.
She spent most of the afternoon asking Cas about their life, about Claire, about Dean. Dean spent the afternoon watching them like a hawk from afar. Cas wasn’t sure what he was worried about, that Cas was going to embarrass him?
He turns the light off when she goes. Moving the pillows to lay down, in an attempt to go to sleep. He’s not expecting to sleep much tonight. It’s been at least six months since he saw Dean. They’ve spoken a few times, not about much of any significance. He misses him more than he can bear most of the time. He longs to see him, but his visits also remind him of just what he has lost.
John looks at Mary in bafflement. Jack steps in, ‘This is Castiel, my father.’ John always chokes on his own tongue as Jack continues, ‘Not my real father, Lucifer isn’t a nice person. Before my mother died she told me to find a new father. She was lovely. She helped me to choose Castiel.’ He turns to John, ‘She made a good choice.’
‘Oh my god, guys, that was so awesome!’ Beth gushed to their friends, everyone’s smiles splitting their faces. Even Claire was impressed, she had seen Jack sing before but never at such a large venue.
Cas does. He’s seen pictures. Sounds like their relationship was fairly one sided, she was controlling and Dean was infatuated.
Donna makes herself comfortable and dives into a donut. ‘Don’t judge me Cas. I used to be a cop. Some habits you can’t break.’
Eileen’s eyebrows drew together in confusion, ‘He’s gone. His flight is,’ she checked her watch, ‘in half an hour.’
After Ben dashed up to his room to call Jack, who’s staying with his mother’s parents while Cas is away, Dean and Lisa look at one another unsure what to do next.
When he closes his eyes he finds himself stood in a house he doesn’t recognise. He looks around and spots several items he does know. He peers closely at the photos adorning the mantelpiece and notices several of himself, as well as Sam, Eileen and young Dean. This must be his house.
Ben calls a car soon after and Sam and Eileen take the opportunity to wander home as well, leaving Cas and Dean alone with their thoughts.
Cas wakes early to brilliant sunshine streaming through the curtains and the sounds downstairs of Ellen cooking, likely, yet another huge breakfast.
Dean laughs, but there is no mirth in his face. He walks inside and drops into a chair, raking a hand over his face, pulling at his mouth.
He’s surprised not to see Ellen at the stove, but the back of a man. He didn’t know another family member was visiting.
Cas sees the group from an outside perspective. He realises they look like they’re on a double date. Dean’s comment makes it seem like that too. Not just a group of friends hanging out. He’s not sure what to do with it.
Cas who has always been there for him. Will always be there. Seems to accept his crazy ways. Knows his soul, has seen it, his deepest darkest fears and secrets and is ok with them. His best friend ...
‘I was good at languages, chemistry, surprisingly, English, but I loved history. I really enjoyed looking at the different perspectives and presenting arguments. It’s why I was planning to go to law school after college.’
‘She is not to be trusted.’ He glowers at Dean and marches him to the other side of the room. Dean barely pays attention to the person Cas introduces him to, as charming as she may be. He politely chit chats for a moment before moving on.
Dean was outside throwing around pieces of the gazebo they had been deconstructing. Claire knew better than to go and speak to him.
They reached a point where they couldn’t remember when they had last spent time together enjoying one another’s company as a couple.
The situation is resolved, but the younger Dean is harmed in the process. Dean’s vision goes black. His connection is severed. He descends into panic.
She says nothing further until she gives him his ticket and a leaflet about airport lounges with a circle on a map.
The group had a great time dancing the night away, posing for stupid photos in the booth and generally behaving like the teenagers they were. The school band were, predictably, pretty terrible, but a professional band took over after the first few songs. Their music wasn’t really to Claire’s taste, but it was standard high school prom stuff, all covers, fairly cheesy and middle of the road.
Cas squints at Dean. Knowing that something certainly was wrong. But knowing Dean well enough not to push him.
Cas makes an effort to try and work out a pattern of when Luke will appear. He’s starting to see a trend between certain contracts that Marv deals with and him. Cas also begins to suspect that perhaps Luke might be the mastermind behind everything. There was always something that didn’t quite add up with Marv.
‘Why are you here Dean?’ His piercing gaze burns into Dean. There is lipstick on his collar. Dean is fixated on it.
‘You asked whose face I’m imagining when I swing this axe. It’s my own. Promise me Claire, your life will be less of a mess than mine? Don’t introduce your future partner to me, just tell them Cas is your Dad. Pretend I don’t exist, I will only complicate everything.’
‘Oh come on Claire, you see your dad loads, Jack is only here once. He’s the supporting act anyway, so you can leave after that if you have to. I’ve never been to a gig in the stadium before.’ Beth whined.
He shot out of the car and ran back into the bar. She was still sat where he had left her. She turned as Dean came in the door, as thought she knew he was coming.
Cas smiled down at her. ‘It’s very nice to meet you Anna. This is my daughter Claire and her uncle, Sam.’
Dean checked his office before settling in the back yard for a mid morning snooze. He must have properly nodded off as he awoke to clattering in the kitchen. Cas was in there loading up the fridge. He must have walked to a shop.
That evening they head to a local diner for dinner as a treat for the boys. As they head in Dean hears a shrill voice calling his name.
Beth turned to Claire, ‘Your dad has seen Dead Men Walking live before? He’s so much cooler than my dad.’
‘Really? Everyone local knows not to drive on that road in the snow. What was his name?’ Cas shrugs, he didn’t think to ask, ‘What did he look like?’
Cas looked round, slightly startled that Dean was behind him. ‘No, Dean, it’s not you. Rowena was telling me about rumours that are doing the rounds about you, and I saw that interview too. I just feel like I have no control over everything. In some ways it was easier when you weren’t around because I could ignore that.’
Bobby explained the new version of heaven to him. Dean had to admit, this was much better than he was expecting. It was never going to be perfect, it couldn’t be. Not without him.
‘I’ll probably see Charlie. She’s my best friend. Maybe Benny if he’s in town and speaking to me. See Lisa.’ Dean breaks off and looks up startled. ‘You can’t, I mean it’s not in the public domain.’
Dean woke up the following morning with a pounding headache. He could hear voices on the landing. His door flew open and Ben launched himself on his dad’s bed crying, ‘Why do they have to go? I miss them already!’
Sam acts oddly for the rest of the evening. Eileen signs discretely at Cas behind his back, worrying. Cas agrees to come by when she’s at yoga one evening in the week to chat to Sam.
He doesn’t reply, dreading Dean’s next words. He should have known. Their friendship was just that, and only that. It would never be more. Of course Dean had found someone that could fill that open position in his life.
Claire held her hands up in exasperation. She was not expecting Cas to agree with him when she spoke to him on the phone that evening, Dean cackling in the background.
‘That’s my, was our, it’s his house now.’ Dean nods. He misses the bunker but it’s not the same as missing a proper family home. He needs to speak to Cas or Jack about how to get a place of his own here.
‘I can help. I will provide protection.’ Dean Jr sent furtive glances his uncle’s way watching his dramatic reaction, slamming his glass back down and silently mimicking Cas.
The conversation at the rest of the table swirled around them, oblivious to their conversation, as they were to the others.
‘And his mom is just happy for you to take him off for six months to live in Canada?’ Castiel interrogates Dean
Sam and Eileen took on a role started all those years ago by Bobby. They lived in town and ran the bunker as a resource centre for other hunters.
As Dean gets more confident, he and Cas revert to their usual bickering. Dean Jr watches with growing amusement (as he gets to know his companion) as as Cas becomes flustered or irritated by Dean’s comments. He tries to work out what Dean has picked holes in, starting to know his uncle better as he predicts the things he’s picking up on. He soon finds himself pointing out things before his uncle. Dean in turn is telling Sam what a good sport his son is.
Dean couldn’t form words, he was so angry. He wanted to punch sense into Cas. How could he think he wouldn’t want to see him. He missed him so much. Surely Cas had been able to watch, see how much his death had affected Dean.
It’s just a drink with a friend. A beautiful famous friend. But still. Is it just him? Or are others coming.
The day arrived and finally they were on their way. The group crammed into two cars and headed off late afternoon to grab dinner nearby before heading to the stadium.
‘Damn paparazzi. They’ve got photos of our trip, me, Lisa, Ben. They’re speculating Ben is my secret child! Making digs at her. Luckily they seem to think she lives there, no one has realised she’s from LA. But it’s only a matter of time.’
‘Dean, this is Rowena. We do yoga together on a Tuesday. I imagine, as you have very similar personalities, that you will get along well.’
He didn’t want to hurt anymore. He wasn’t looking forward to heaven. He would rather end up in the Empty like Cas, rather than go through endless repeats of what Heaven thought were his greatest hits. They probably wouldn’t be. But it was better than the endless agony he was feeling.
‘That went as expected then, Cas?’ Bobby looked up to the sky, not anticipating an answer, knowing he had heard the prayer nonetheless.
He wakes up on the floor outside his office. No one else is around. He calls Sam immediately. Clearly Sam is overreacting because he calls an ambulance, which is entirely unnecessary.
‘No, Cas, great choice. We love this one.’ Cas looked back at Sam still sceptical, but pressed play again, and lost himself in the fantastical story, day dreaming about Dean Winchester.
As he’s sat on the plane, trying not to freak out over how much he hates flying, he wonders what compelled him to chase after man he barely knows. Who he knows probably already forgives him for being a drunken dick. Who he could call, or text, without needing to take this trip. But Dean is compelled to see him. To say goodbye properly, in person. He doesn’t scratch at that thought, doesn’t dig into it, doesn’t look at it, let’s it float in and out of his brain without any analysis.
Cas says his goodbyes to the others he has met at the party as well as Rowena and Balthasar, ‘Come on Cassie, it’s only 3am.’ ‘My days of rock and roll parties are behind me Balthasar.’
Dean rubs his hand over the back of his neck. He doesn’t reply right away. ‘Yes, you’re right. It is what I wanted. For a long time.’ He lets out a long breath. ‘So you think I should give it another go?’
He sees his sister’s boyfriend’s car in the drive and stops behind, gathers his things and makes his way up the slippery, treacherous path to the door. It’s flung open wide by Sam who hugs him and ushers him inside.
‘Dean is very nice. He is very attractive. I think you would have a lot of competition, he tries diplomatically.
The conversation moves onto other topics, Sam and Eileen taking turns to mock Dean until he’s ready to call it quits unless they stop.
‘Cas, good to see you man.’ Dean pulled him into a hug. Cas, never one for affection awkwardly responded in kind, ‘I hear congratulations are in order.’
Dean, Sam and Jack back away as they start walking towards one another. By the time they reach each other, they’re both crying. John pulls Mary into a hug.
Cas got to the restaurant a little early. He was nervous. He didn’t like blind dates. Didn’t even want to be on one, but he owed Rowena.
‘Nice to meet you Ben.’ He holds out his hand. Dean guffaws. Sam tries desperately to hold back a smile. Politely Ben steps forward and shakes the proffered hand.
Dean gets up and starts pacing. He was just missing having a family. It had been gone for so long with Lisa. He had enjoyed the facsimile he and Cas had created.
She leant against his shoulder. ‘Yeah I had a great time. Even if I have the most embarrassing dad on the planet.’ Cas laughed staring at the stage.
Their driver introduced himself as Garth, he was a spindly young man with an infectious laugh. He would be their driver for the duration of the trip. He and Ben were soon firm friends.
‘What?’ His head snaps round, breaking his reverie, ‘yeah fine man. Just tired. Didn’t catch my four hours.’ He tries a smirk, it doesn’t quite work.
They made their way back to their usual spot at their laptops. Dean trying not to think of all the images which had flashed before his eyes.
After several more surgeries and some intensive physio, Dean was able to walk again. The doctors were impressed. Sam was sure it was spite pushing him on.
He stopped and looked outside distracted, before looking back at her, ‘But now, I think he feels like he’s getting to be a bigger part of your life.’ A beam spread across his face.
‘I’m not disappointed in you Dean. I’ve had a wonderful weekend.’ Cas has his bag in his hand, the taxi to the airport was waiting downstairs.
When the desk finally opens he lines up with the other passengers, looking enviously at those bypassing the lines did the business/first class desk.
‘Welcome to shower here Cas. Borrow my clothes. You look a similar size to me.’ Dean looks down at Cas’ shirt then quickly away.
Thankfully Dean is dressed once he returns. Cas is pleased with his ordering decision when Dean reacts like an excited child to the variety of options on offer.
‘I don’t want I’m sorry, Cas. It’s too late. The damage is done. You made me love you and then you left me.’
Michael started taunting again, Dean didn’t listen. He had seen what Cas had. Glinting in the pile was the archangel blade.
As he reaches for the wall he’s blindsided. He tries to throw off his attacker but can’t get the right grip. Sam reaches them and pulls the person off, they grapple to the ground. Dean lands a punch to the face but receives one in return and goes reeling into the wall. Sam is pinned to the ground momentarily before getting the upper hand, pressing the person’s face into the floor and using his superior height and strength to force the man’s hand behind his back.
‘What about the guy Luke? The contractor? I could get closer to him? We know nothing about him at the moment.’
‘I very much doubt Sam would agree with you, and I would like to point out that your nephew is a grown man.’
‘Cas, I’m fine.’ It was too late. Inevitably Dean was left staring at a phone with no one at the other end of the call. Typical.
He tries to shake off his thoughts, considers grabbing a beer and taking it outside but Dean lets himself be drawn into the group, receiving a squealing hug from Charlie, a wry smile and a warm hug from Jo. He spots Ellen sobbing into Sam’s shoulder and stops to give her a kiss on the cheek. Kevin comes and gives him a high five.
‘You didn’t try to stop me, to explain Dean. You didn’t speak to me anymore, about anything important, it’s like I didn’t exist.’ He looked up, tears welling in his eyes.
Cas’ mouth clams up. Claire looks over to him quickly. She stops reaching for the drink Dean put in front of her.
He wills himself the strength to continue, ‘She is controlling you. You might not be together anymore but she’s found a new way to take over your life.She doesn’t care about you, she never has. She is using you for her own benefit.’
Slowly, as though someone was turning down the music on a stereo, the sounds of wildlife around him, the chatter and clinking from the bar in the distance, all dimmed. It was silent. He looked up and saw a blue glowing light come towards him.
Dean’s words leave Cas with a warm glow that lasts until the next day. And the long hug he gets when they say goodbye at the airport. He’s obviously imagining Dean’s eyes getting a bit misty when he gives Cas a hard slap on the back before turning and marching back to his car.
‘I’ll make you dinner later.’ Dean sprints to the kitchen to check the fridge. ‘Guys, enchiladas or fajitas?’
The next few days were filled with cosy fires, snow ball fights, delicious food and a warm feeling of contentment for all.
The words were out of his mouth before Dean even thought about it, ‘Move in with me.’ Had he seriously just offered that to Castiel Novak? What was his life now!?
Claire grabbed her phone back, exasperated. ‘They’re on honeymoon, Claire maybe don’t disturb them?’ ‘It’s fine, they won’t mind.’
As soon as he opens his door, Cas is struck by how empty his apartment feels. Dean surveys the space, making himself at home.
Sam grabs the remote and hands it to Cas, ‘You’re the guest, you get to pick. I’ve got to take this quickly.’ He steps out of the room, phone to his ear, ‘Sam Campbell.’
‘Wow Cas, what did you do? He hasn’t looked like that since he got here!’ Sam comes down the steps towards them.
Sam knows a lawyer. His name is Nick but he goes by the nickname Lucifer because to face him in court is to to up against the devil. He always wins. Dean calls him as soon as his office opens and books an appointment.
‘Texting your girlfriend again?’ Production company CEO Michael, who is unfortunately on the same flight, sits down next to Dean. He puts his phone away and smiles politely. This guy has a real god complex. He’s not keen on him at all but has to play nice to get the parts he wants.
Cas just stares at him. He doesn’t speak. This is such a common occurrence that Dean doesn’t usually mind. But this time it is unnerving.
Sam left him at the bar that evening and went back to the hotel room, Dean stayed behind for one last drink at the bar.
‘Sorry about the mess.’ Cas fusses around tidying up. Dean perches on a stool at the kitchen island. Was he really in Castiel’s home. He wasn’t sure what to do, what to say.
‘But my stupid dads, they just couldn’t make it work. Dean was touring all the time. Cas couldn’t deal with it anymore. He wanted to leave. It made sense for Jack to stay with Dean. Dean made him take me. He said it would be better than staying with him.’ She sighed, Cas formally adopted me then. But he’s been my Dad my whole life.’
‘As you all know, my writing partner and I took a little break from working together. I wanted to tell you all how happy I am to be working with him again and to be releasing this song we wrote together for you.’
They had sold the move to Claire as being necessary for her schooling and stability. With Dean on tour almost constantly he was rarely around. They could move out of the city to somewhere new.
‘Some stupid clause I had inserted in my contract when I was younger. It’s still lingering on a couple of projects.’
After ‘working the room’, for a while Dean decides he’s had enough and finds a seat. He’s surprised to see Cas has followed him, leaving Gabe holding court.
Jack comes bursting through the door at dinner time, an excited smile on his face, with a fishing rod and a string of fish that he thrusts into Cas’ face.
Cas stepped towards the door and held it open for the awkward three legged race than Sam and Dean had formed.
‘You can if you like. Sorta hoping we could hang out. I don’t get much down time with friends.’ Cas is again conscious of Dean’s apparent need for friendship. He doesn’t seem to have many people who care for him from what he has told Cas. Lots of people who surround him, but few who actually want to be his friend for who he is rather than what he can do for them.
But she’s ignoring everything he’s saying and looking at Sam with a predatory glint in her eye. Sam is looking awkwardly back, with a shy, trying to be friendly smile.
He sinks to ground on his knees. Anyone watching would think it reminiscent to the prayer he sent Cas in purgatory. When he was desperate and frightened of losing Cas. History repeating itself.
When they arrived at their destination, worn out from a long trip, they were met by a driver who took their bags and ushered them into a luxurious car. Dean’s car was being shipped up, he couldn’t spend six months without her.
He blinked away the stinging in his eyes, allergies obviously, and pulled her close. ‘Love you Dad.’ ‘Love you too Claire bear.’ He could feel the eye roll, it made him smile, but the sight of Cas outside with his back to him brought him back to earth.
Cas looked down at Dean and slowly consolidated his form into the man Dean recognises. He smiles at Dean.
‘Cas, you have been the best friend I have ever had in my life. We’ve barely spoken in the last five years and you’re still my best friend. You’ve helped me raise my child! You are her dad as much as, if not more, than I am!’
‘Now that I can believe. Always helping the waifs and strays.’ She beamed up at Sam who had just arrived with hot cocoa.
He scurries (hops) around on one foot tidying up. It’s not too bad. She’ll have to take him as she finds him.
‘I’m not, well not that often anyway. A text here or there. Sometimes I see her at an event. That’s how we got this place. I saw her a few weeks back, she mentioned she was going to Mexico for Thanksgiving. I had been looking for a place for us all. So I asked if here was free. I offered to rent it, she said it was mine for as long as I wanted. No charge. I think the place was her ex husband’s, she got it in the divorce. Doesn’t hold the best memories for her.’
‘I’m sorry Dean.’ He stands awkwardly, Dean reaches over and pulls him into a hug as well. ‘It’s ok kid.’
Cas stood up and took a brief bow before almost running into the wings. He was having a panic attack. Charlie was waiting for him.
He walked over and grabbed the angel in a tight hug. Castiel’s hands hesitating, came up and hugged him back. They stood close like that for a second.
‘I, well, uh...’ Cas couldn’t get the words out. He was running his hands through his hair, thinking back through their conversations about Amara, seeing just where he had misinterpreted what Dean had said.
‘Castiel, please stop cooking, do you want to burn the whole house down?’ Cas huffs as Dean grabs the pan from his hand to rescue, reheating soup!?
Cas doesn’t hear from Dean for the rest of the day. He avoids looking at the stories, but Meg sends them to him anyway. They are very unkind about Lisa. She’s a kind and gentle person. Dean is right she doesn’t deserve this.
They heard voices from inside the house and headed back in. Sam and Jack had arrived. They stepped sideways and allowed Eileen to come through the door as Dean, Cas and Claire rounded the corner, mobbing Sam and Jack with hugs.
Sam had a better idea. As Lisa was here he wouldn’t be needed. He and Eileen could go on a trip for the week, Cas and Jack could stay at theirs for the week.
‘I know how you feel Cas, I’m not blind.’ Cas isn’t surprised, Sam knows him well. Still, he struggles to reply, ‘I think Dean is, blind I mean, to you. It doesn’t lessen your friendship and the way you’re there for him.’
In the background Dean looks bashful. He grasps Cas by the shoulder and brings him into the kitchen.
‘Did the house come with its own personal supply of catwalk models?’ Lisa ignores the proffered hand and walks towards Dean who has reappeared on the stairs. ‘I’m heading to the airport, I’ll be out of your hair soon.’
‘Well no, but that’s not always a bad thing. Change is good. I’m not perfect. This is more real and personal I suppose.’
He almost tripped over a pile of boxes in the hallway. A new neighbour was moving in opposite him. An odd time of day to do it.
Dean runs his hands through his hair, debating, but gives a decisive nod and leans back in his chair. Not too long after, he dozes off.
Dean spoke up, ‘Our Mom died when we were young. Our dad was a mess. Bobby took us in whenever Dad couldn’t cope. One day he never came back. Selfless is the only word for it.’
He decides to reassess his previous liking for Donna. She’s got a playful glint in her eye. She knows exactly what she’s doing. He deserves it, he supposes.
The glowing ball in front of him expanded, moved towards him slowly. He could make out a shape forming. It stopped in front of him.
Castiel and Amara are cordial with one another around Dean. Their interactions improved from the terse tones of their first few meetings with Dean. He’s counting it as a win.
Dean put down his fork and turned to look properly at Cas, ‘I’m really sorry for your loss.’ Cas held his gaze.
Cas pulled out, shoved the butt plug back in Dean, slapped his ass, and walked away. Without another word. Fuck, Dean felt so used. He could barely stand, his legs were shaking so badly. How the hell was he supposed to finish doing chores with this monster of a hardon?
Cas and Dean stayed up until a little after 10. Finally, Dean could feel his eyes drooping and his mind wandering away from the episode he was on.
“If you can switch freely between your animal and human form, then why did you spend three weeks being my cat?”
“You’re acting odd, right now,” he said. “Why haven’t you looked at me?” Michael made a irritated noise. “I
“No, no, no,” Dean said quickly. “No, not yet. I’ve already planned the night I’m going to propose and this is not it.”
When the sun finally set and the old woman who owned the library gave him a curious look, Cas left. He kept his the collar of his jacket up, stepping into the alleyway next to the library, watching people come and go for ten minutes and then he stepped out again, heading towards the docks.
Castiel waited until Dean was a few steps away before he bolted. He was an omega and omega’s were typically faster than alpha’s. Even if Dean looked like he could give Castiel a run for his money if he chased, Castiel just needed to make it to his semi and he could link up with Arkangel. No alpha could hurt him when he was protected by Arkangel.
Cas sat up and situated himself in in front of Dean before he timidly traced his fingers down the scar along Dean’s spine. He felt the man jerk away from him, just slightly. “You don’t have to tell me, Dean,” Cas said, “You don’t have to tell me anything you’re not comfortable with.”
Castiel put his hand on Meg’s shoulder to comfort her. She gave him a smile in thanks, and then continued.
“We can’t tell you,” she said, her tone harsh. “He’s the person who ends the world. The Garrison wants him protected, so we have to figure out how to get rid of him.”
Dean kept his arms tight around Cas. He pushed his hips up to meet Cas’s movements as best he could. Cas was huffing out small breaths of air as he moved. Both had a warm and tender smile on their face. A smile they would only ever share with the other and never anyone else. A smile they’d never even share with themselves.
