Dean blows out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and follows Cas’ eyes to the sea. There’s something fluttering in Dean’s throat, pressing at the backs of his teeth, waiting to slip out. Dean holds the tiny words on his tongue, tasting them on every inhale.
He looks over at Kevin scribbling away, oblivious. Dean calls his name, but it comes out in a cracked, stammering whisper. He clears his throat and tries again. “Kevin.”
Dean frowns for a moment, bemused, before he follows Sam’s eyes to the massive, jutting peak in the distance. He feels his eyebrows climb his forehead and points with the rod. “The mountain?”
He’d eventually stumbled upon his soggy marsh, his legs cramping, back stiff, and a headache pounding at his temples. In hindsight, Dean supposes he could’ve called for a lift - Sam or Charlie would’ve come for him, surely. Or he could’ve just
There’s something desolate in his tone - distant and resolute, like a poorly set bone already healed around the damage.
Castiel’s eyes flick over to Dean for less than a second before he turns back to his book. “Hello, Dean,” he says. His voice is mostly bland, though it’s edged with something sharp.
Something cold and hard forms in his stomach, and Dean shakes his head, eyes wide and unblinking, stuck to Cas’ like glue. “I’m good,” lie. “Yeah, I’m- I’m real good,” fucking
He assumes it’s heaven’s off-brand kind of ESP that’s landed him here, seated at a teakwood dining table in a house
Dean had returned in the dead of night, pilfered the vase from the storeroom, and headed out to a little copse by the parking lot to burn it. As he’d poured the lighter fluid over it, a little girl had appeared between the trees.
“I know sugar.” Dean says gruffly back, looking up at Cas. “You gonna handle her?” He asks and Cas adjusts her in his arms while she hugs his neck, making another miserable sound. Polly watches them from under the kitchen table, her ears pricking in their direction.
Cas leaned his head back into the palm of Dean’s hand where it was still looped in Cas’ hair, laughing his ass off. Dean took his hand away and pinned Cas to the stairs. Cas gave him a shit eating grin and reached up to swipe at Dean’s cheek before sucking his thumb back into his mouth, smirking around it.
It appeared that Dean had no idea that Castiel could see him, so Castiel had tucked this secret away and gone about his business.
“I can’t sleep.” He croaked and Cas sat up a little more, rubbing the sleep from his eye. Dean saw as Danny shifted from foot to foot before swaying a little, like he was light headed.
That got Danny’s full attention and he was scrambling out of bed, dragging his beloved stuffed puppy with him. Polly was quick at his heels, herding him as he scampered to the staircase, descending them slowly until he got halfway and saw the fort still set up.
Sam usually, when Dean complains, which he does frequently, asks with a sigh why Dean just doesn’t engage Cas to change the channel, but then things get complicated. Dean gets defensive. Says he wouldn’t do that, says that it doesn’t bother him that much, that he finds other things to do.
Now though, the piano seems to warm the house with its music, but perhaps the very best is when Dean closes his eyes and listens so carefully for the voice just above the instrument.
“What are you doing?” He asked and Dean sat up on the bed, crosslegged and held up the chocolate frosting.
“You did good.” He nodded, and then, after another moment of considering Dean’s face, shook his head, starting to laugh. He sat up and walked forward on his knees, and Dean, getting the hint, laid back down on the bed till Cas was comfortably situated on his hips, leg on either side of Dean, staring down at him, eyes sparking playfully. “You did very good Mr. Winchester.” He murmured, bending down to kiss Dean briefly before withdrawing to dip his finger in again. Dean made a frustrated noise, not eager to lose the taste of chocolate he was just getting into on Cas’s tongue, but then he was too busy jerking as Cas dotted his chocolate-covered finger twice on Dean’s middle. Craning his neck, Dean watched as Cas painted a very large and indelicately drawn smiley face on Dean’s stomach, the swipe of its mouth laid out sinfully close to the waistband of his boxers, in the taught dip between Dean’s hipbones.
“It is absolutely what I wanted, Sam.” Castiel assures, still running his hands over the cover, the wrapping paper beneath it crinkling as he shifts his knees. Dean watches the exchange warily from behind his coffee mug. They are huddled in
While Cas had been complaining of odd things for a week, it didn’t become personal for Dean until he discovered the hole in his Doritos.
Dean smirks when he hears how slightly impressed Castiel sounds at the final issue. Dean himself didn’t know how he managed to go through the whole box, but there he was with a Trek marathon on the local channel and a box of Little Debbie’s and Castiel off doing some stupid neighborhood association thing. He indulged.
“Yeah.” Dean rasps back, lifting a leg and swinging Castiel down onto the duvet, knocking pillows off. They kiss like that, Castiel under him, and Dean’s got his hand back in Castiel’s shorts, sucking down the gasp Cas produces when he closes around him for the first time in a week. He jerks his fingers over Cas’s straining cock in an achingly slow stroke, watching as Cas writhes under him, well on his way to undone.
Dean closes his eyes, focuses on the scratch of stubble on his abodmen, the kiss to each rib he receives, the strum of Cas’s fingess as they slip down his sides. The wind filters in and leaves goosebumps on their sticky skin, promising cool weather and rain. Crickets sing in the grass and Dean remembers a far off story about the bird that could catch souls and keep them from leaving earth as the whippoorwill sounds in the wood. Cas’s voice, wooly with sleepiness follows after him, chasing the trembling brooks of sadness that blossom in his stomach like the columbine trellis they nailed to the cottage’s side.
“They make me think of Spock.” He answers, “Black hair and green blood!” he points to the black outer edge and the green minty frosting inside, trying to pull that ‘I’m so endearing come cuddle with me and we’ll forget it’ kind of look. Cas reaches foreward and snatches the rest of the cookie, stuffing it in his mouth.
The moon ripples over the water and Dean holds Cas’s head in his hands and let’s his tongue cut paths for his gratefulness on the roof of Cas’s mouth as they fit together, rocking steadily, limbs loose and Cas’s legs falling open on either side of him, pulling closer.
me.” He whispers on the side of Cas’s neck. Cas knows it’s true – he could get off on Dean’s voice. He has a couple of times.
Dean brings them towels as the sun starts to go down and carries Faith inside when she fusses, Danny and Cas following to stand dripping in the laundry room. Cas rubs a towel over Danny’s body, frizzes, his hair, kisses all over his face. Little arms go around his neck and he picks Danny up, his little brown eyes peeking out behind his towel, staring at him and tilting his head.
Cas wonders if this is just a well-placed lie to keep him from becoming homicidal. He hasn’t slept properly in days, and he’s kept quiet about it, but now he’s just sitting with his head back in the glider, Daniel crying on his lap, and tears just streaming down his face.
A moment later, the principle of the elementary school takes the stage and welcomes the parents and faculty alike, smiling and introducing the several mother’s on the hospitality team who helped coordinate before going on to kick off the recital. Dean and Cas sit through two kindergarten classes before finally, Mrs. Raven’s first grade class is announced and Dean grins and Cas does too, holding up the camera.
“You fucking tease.” and Castiel’s expression betrays nothing as Dean starts making for him, trying to grab those pale wrists, knock him back against the bed, rip the duvet off, or maybe just keep it on, he doesn’t give a shit. Castiel sidesteps him, easily, and Dean grits his teeth in a dangerous smile, empty handed.
“There he is!” Dean prompted and Cas showed himself again. Faith laughed even harder and stomped her foot in a disjointed, joyful, rhythm. She laughed, her cheeks to pink roses, and pawed at the towel, giggling like mad. Cas started to chuckle and let her pull the fabric down over his face before she kept patting, waiting for him to reveal himself, which he did, even more dramatically than the first two times, getting into the game.
so comes the wet season, and the tears of the stars flood the riverbeds, and their lovers   swim again. there are fish in the river that evade the nets of men, for they are not fish at all.
When they reach the bottom Cas is waiting in a jacket, holding Dean’s, the headlights of the Impala shining into the house from the front drive.
, Castiel replied, feeling the threat of fate glaring down on him. He knew he was frowning, but what else could you do when all of it was trying to squeeze him into nothing more than a slough of atoms.
“Your children are beautiful.” Inias mumbles. “Faith and Daniel? They are very precious." Castiel turns to his former soldier and his face shines with pride.
He brought his hands in front of Dannys face and placed his right thumb on his left pinky, and slowly, began to walk them upwards.
“No…sir.” He adds reluctantly before turning to his sister and then glancing at Dean before puffing his cheeks out and putting his hands on his ears. Faith stops hiccuping long enough to watch her brother, her features melting into confusion. She watches Daniel, her mind obviously furiously working to understand the sudden change. Dean bites the inside of his cheek as she glowered suspiciously.
Go and get the medicine because she owes me a favor, and Leticia goes because she is the middle girl and the middle girl goes to get the medicine.
“Danny’s right. You did really well. You did so well.” Cas encourages, and Faith just greedily drinks the juice and then shoves it away, looking flushed and upset despite the praise.
“We gonna go drive?” She slurs, coughing and Dean covers her mouth with the towel he used to dry her hair, but she shakes it off when he tries to wipe her face, her little nose red and raw, her eyes all weepy.
The way his eyes hood when he looks at Dean, the way they spark as he finally gives in and takes Faith into his arms, plastering her with kisses that make her shriek and tug at his scarf and his hair.
He stooped, looked down at Incahuasi, at the blur of himself shining back. As far as his kind was concerned it was not anything to write home about.
“I put it in cold water to soak it can wait till tomorrow.” Cas said, exhausted, and Dean kissed him in between the words.
“You’re never too big to sit with your dad, now get your sorry self over here and watch this baseball game with me or I’ll kick your butt.”
“Then why ask Sam for it?” Dean insists, his grip loosening. Cas seems to ponder this for a long time, and then, finally, a smile surfaces. He looks at Dean as if all the answers should be obvious, which they never are.
Dean laughed, head back, and began to sidle away, staring at the dark trees and the duck pond, all the geese standing with their heads tucked under their wings, sleeping.
Dean had fumbled, but eventually, picked up and then it was nothing but that same song and that same dance and that pretty girl tossing her head, laughing at him and his concentrated faces.
“It’s a date.” he responds and she nods before bounding to the door, forgetting to close it behind her. Polly snuffles beside Dean on the bed and he shuts his eyes and feels for her warm head beside him.
“I could get behind that.” Cas muttered, sighing at the feeling. “I had - ah - ” He paused as Dean got him right in that spot where his jaw curved strongly upwards. That was Dean’s favorite part, those little erogenous places no one but him would ever know about. “ - plans.” Cas sighed, as Dean kissed him on the mouth again, and again, and again, until Cas’s eyes closed and his breathing evened out.
Castiel pulls the sweater over his head and looks out the window, rustling the blinds as he looks between them. He smiles, smoothing the sweater down.
“No, you see…” He starts, and he drops his voice to a whisper, leaning against the doorframe into the hall. Just past them, in the kitchen, Dean is dressing Faith and his big hands hold her so gently.
'I’ll tell you, cause’ it’s better to hear from some regular kind, not river folk, though I was one of them, but that was long ago. Strange folk are down on the river, and they’ll tell you stranger things; this ain’t gonna be the last you hear of strange goin
He scratches her between the ears, right where grey is starting to drift into her honey-colored fur.
“I missed you.” He concedes, and Dean takes the cue. He works his hand up and down and kisses Cas again, gentler this time, taking every mouthy little movement. “Oh…” Cas breathes, and his thighs jerk up, but Dean steadies them with his weight.
“Drive safe!” He calls back and Cas smiles and nods before turning quickly so no snow gets inside. Once the door latches Faith looks up at him with food on her face and big doe-eyes blinking expectantly.
Dean inhaled and Cas bit his side and Dean blew out the air, tossing his arm over his eyes, arching.
“Yeah.” Dean hustles to the refrigerator as Cas tips the medicine down Faith’s throat, and then goes for the Motrin next. Faith wails and Dean can already hear the tears starting and Cas is talking to her in that really-low voice, and it makes Dean feel like there’s cement mixing in his gut. Seeing Sammy sick always hurt and this is no different. He pours the juice into her favorite blue cup before stepping back towards him, waiting as she drinks the rest of her medicine and cries, Cas taking the cup without thinking. He hands it to her, stroking her hair, looking troubled. Danny leans on his elbow, staring up at his baby sister with the same concern.
“Dean.” Castiel said, more firmly this time, and Dean blinked at him, pupils adjusting to the light. Castiel smiled and stood, rifling through his shopping bag, bringing out a new mouse trap.
He goes back to his book and figures that Dali must have known his daughter in another life and been inspired. What other way could he and others try to replicate the beauty he sees whenever she’s near?
“Yeah, we’re gonna go drive a little bit. You wanna do that?” He says straightening the sweater a little more. She nods and then pads to Danny’s room, swaying on her feet.
Dean moves them faster and Cas feels his arm starting to tingle from holding it up, but he doesn’t want to stop, even when he thinks about the apple going brown in the kitchen.
“Uh…” Sam said, suddenly, and Cas slowly turned to Sam, eyes wide with horror. He was completely unused to being caught, and now, well, Sam looked just as shocked that Castiel was being so
He pawed at Dean’s legs, little fingers scratching over his denim-covered jeans, wiggling to be in between them. Dean let him, and tried to thumb through the parenting magazine that the office provided. It was thoroughly unconvincing. The kids in the pictures were all way too clean.
The woman’s voice he hears next is warbling and diffused by the distance of the rooms. Dean feels the plate he’s holding start to drift back onto the counter as he listens to the music. It’s a tune he’s heard before, though he would never guess what it was. Probably something he’s heard in a movie or in a luxury car commercial. Whatever it is, it’s a lot better than what Dean had expected. The sliding strings supporting her voice almost make him think of the gentle hum of that Led Zep song he likes… Rain Song? Yeah. That one.
Castiel sits with his hands folded under the steering wheel, unsure of what to do.  Dean’s been saying that same phrase with slight variation for the past three hours, but never once has Cas actually
Leticia waves at the bruja and walks past the cactus, back to the road, still hearing the sweep of her twiggy broom.
“Is something wrong, Dean?” Castiel probes, and Dean snorts, picking up a cookie off the plate centered on their coffee table. He spits crumbs as he speaks, and relishes Sam’s disgusted expression.
He hears Dean in the kitchen saying something into the phone and Sam assumes it’s probably Cas. He continues to observe the infant, as he was directed, and Daniel makes a baby noise.
The reaction is expected, Castiel’s face goes from irritation to just blank, as if Dean has said something so stupid he can’t be bothered to be even remotely surprised. He just stares at Dean, daring him to continue.  Dean does, with confidence.
Cas tries to say he is. He really does. He doesn’t want to worry Dean; that old stigma of never wanting to cause him trouble making its more and more infrequent appearance.
“Don’t tell monkey…ever.” Daniel whispered and Dean chuckled, closing his eyes. “I love you…more than the moon” Daniel added, rubbing his cheek on Dean’s t-shirt.
“Papa! Come play!” He shouts and Dean looks up from his car to glance over his shoulder. Cas stalls for a moment. He isn’t used to being asked to play. He’s never
“Could you round up the company?” He suggests, carrying the plate towards the table and Dean takes it from him.
say that.” Sam growls, crossing his arms. “You’re just jealous because Cas didn’t put my present down after two seconds.”
Dean reaches around and has to actively resist slamming it closed, but somehow manages to get it to make barely a sound. Castiel is stretching his arms now; chest pulled open and the shirt still hanging off of him, and stares at the TV, like he’s
Castiel gives him an incredulous stare and then reaches into the long, slim, cardboard box he holds.
“She’s your dog, baby, if you would remember: ‘we should get a dog’, 'I want a dog’, 'let’s get a Corgi they are family friendly and manageable’….”
Danny dresses slowly in his room, stepping sleepily into his pajamas and coat and boots while Dean helps Faith into her nightie and a sweater that he buttons up and socks too because it’s freezing outside. She puts her feet into them with a tiny smile, spreading her toes because they are her favorite colors: yellow and blue stripe.
“Hey, hey, it’s not a big deal!” Dean said, trying to soothe him. In the light from their table lamp Dean could see the bags under Cas’s eyes - deep purple and lasting. He tugged at Cas’s waistband and kissed his bare stomach. “Hey.” He said lowly, and Cas bent down and rested his forehead on Dean’s head for a few seconds before straightening.
Cas barely managed to slip away, trying to balance the pie and run at the same time as Dean fought his way around the kitchen table and into the living room, chasing Cas. They circled one another, the couch between them and Dean had both of his arms raised, ready to reach out and snag whatever he could get at.
“Well, you know.” Dean said, moving away. He straightened a corner of the blanket and then grinned. There was a muffled whimper came from the baby monitor on the table by the stairs and Cas took a deep breath. “Speaking of…” Dean mentioned, making for the stairs again, Cas and Polly trailing him from behind.
“I have complied, so let me go. That’s your rule,” Castiel says harshly and the showman throws his head back and laughs, the crowd laughing along with him.
Dean listens to the sound of him going downstairs and the distant clang of him pulling a pot out, probably for the box of kraft macaroni Dean saw sitting out by the stove.
i have burrowed into the dark to find bread, but it turns to ash in my mouth. i have clawed canyons in this red earth but no rivers will come.
“Do you have medicine?” Leticia tries, making sure, and the bruja waves her brown hand at her, the other patting down the cobwebs on her head.
“I missed you.” She says, staring at him without shame and she pats at the butterfly tape on his forehead. He smiles.
“Charlie!” His mother said, the exasperation obviously forced as she came to smooth his forehead and kiss his red cheeks and nose, the father grinning. “Stay with daddy and mommy!”
“You ok?” Dean said, shaking out Daniel’s favorite pajama pants and handing them to him with clean boxers. Daniel remained silent for a moment while he rubbed his hair with another towel.
“When Sammy was little my Dad would drive him around in the Impala when he wouldn’t go down. Worked like a charm.”
“You boys cold? I made cider and donuts.” He says, standing and Daniel plops down beside his sister.
they whispered, so the Father would not hear them, a clutch of cowards afraid of even the idea of his wrath.
Every trick his very muddled brain can come up with - and granted, that isn’t many tricks, but he’s trying - and Danny still won’t go down.
“Here.” Cas says gruffly, putting a bandaid on Dean when he complains that he’s got a stiff elbow. Dean looks at the little bandage and then up at Cas’s grave face. “Is that better?”
, but that was tortuous because then Dean had to coax him out of it and while that usually led to very satisfying ends, the build up was unfathomably irritating.
Faith rocks back and forth on her heels, balancing against the back of the tall backed chair Cas is currently employing as he thumbs through the musty-smelling volume on his lap.
Cas mewls in response, sweat breaking out on his forehead, and he rubs absent hands up and down Dean’s sides, nails bumping on his ribs.
“Go fuck yourself.” Dean slurs, floundering a bit,  cheek scraping along the ground. He’s belly down, like some kind of dog,  and he’s too exhausted to do a thing about it.
“There’s nothing here for you Cas. I lost you.”  Dean says again, more firmly, and Dean closes his eyes, because, he has  to remember, it’s all in his head.
This wouldn’t even have bothered Sam either – but it was the expression on Cas’s face that made him pay attention – it was an expression that said very plainly that this wasn’t some accident.
Mama says go and get the medicine, because Keke has a toothache and they don’t have the money or the time and it is so hot, please, mija, please.
He did it again and again every time she shrieked, until Cas’s eyes were watering he was laughing so hard, his breath coming in stuttered little pants. He had to stop and wipe at his face as he calmed down, coughing slightly, and Faith mapped his arms with her little fingers, clamoring to get closer to him as he flicked the tears from the corners of his eyes. She collapsed against him and he hooked his hands under her arms and brought her above him.
That quiets her and she sucks in her breath and whimpers. Dean looks between his kids and then crosses his arms.
Castiel stood there, feet still in the puddle. He saw a truck  in the far distance, just a dark dot spraying wake like the prow of a ship over a still, flat, sea.
The salt slipped back into its coma. Its eyes rolled up into its head, unseeing. It wondered what it would be like when it awoke with a last exhale of excited ions; it was getting bored staring at the sky.
“Cas.” Dean exhaled, but Cas didn’t say anything, merely busied himself with trailing down to the slash of the smile down right at the edge of Dean’s stomach.
“C'mere sweetheart, c'mere see me!” He laughed and Faith giggled, stamping her feet, and Cas had to be quick to keep up with her. Her little hand released his as she stumbled into Dean’s arms and he helped her in. Cas watched her shadow as she stared up at the blanket, no doubt mesmerized. Her hands went up, sillhouetted by the lamp and Dean and Danny withdrew.
“Yeah.” Dean hustles to the refrigerator as Cas tips the medicine down Faith’s throat, and then goes for the Motrin next. Faith wails and Dean can already hear the tears starting and Cas is talking to her in that really-low voice, and it makes Dean feel like there’s cement mixing in his gut. Seeing Sammy sick always hurt and this is no different. He pours the juice into her favorite blue cup before stepping back towards him, waiting as she drinks the rest of her medicine and cries, Cas taking the cup without thinking. He hands it to her, stroking her hair, looking troubled. Danny leans on his elbow, staring up at his baby sister with the same concern.
“Hey, it’s your puppy!” Dean says, picking up the toy, a quilted, plush, dog that they’d been gifted by some hunting friend a while ago. It’s Danny’s absolute favorite.
“Nee! Nee!” She cries and then Cas and Dean shush her because the kids are filing onto the stage and standing in front of the standing microphones. Some of them look like they could throw up from nerves, but Dean is too delighted that Daniel is staring straight at them and grinning like a maniac. He waves to the camera and Faith squeals again like mad, clambering into Dean’s lap to see better. Dean bounces her on his legs as she says her shortened version of ‘Danny’ over and over, whispering it when Dean tells her to be extra quiet.
“Hey, you’re supposed to wish for something.” Dean mocks, not delivering his answer just yet, letting a boyish smile interrupt the sobriety of Cas’s question. He stops, darts the tip of his tongue out at the ridge of his dry lip and considers. “There’ve gotta be better places than here.” Dean admits after a thoughtful silence. Cas doesn’t tell Dean that the sound of him rolling on the blanket is delightful. It’s one of his favorites - rasping. He likes that and the sound of brooms on the wooden floors of their house, he likes the sound of Dean’s back when he cracks it in the morning. He likes the percolator on the coffee machine, the dry drumming it makes. He likes the strange breathing-laugh that Dean does through his nose when he is trying to secret his smiles away. He doesn’t say any of this, just relishes the muffled sound of his body as it thrashes a moment, adjusting, getting comfortable.
Dean feels that delicious heat and Cas throws his arms up, draws them close together, his knees over Dean’s elbows.
He tucks him in properly and kisses him, Danny curling instinctively up around his worn stuffed dog, coughing lightly as Polly crawls up the bed and assumes her usual post tucked into the crook of Danny’s legs.  Dean turns on his moon lamp and closes the door with a creak. He doesn’t want to risk waking Faith, so he passes her door, and continues into he and Cas’s.  He turns the television on low and turns the lights off, twisting tiredly into a thermal and flannel pants. He finds himself just climbing into bed when Cas comes in and immediately sets about brushing his teeth and the rest of his night routine, scratching lazily at his leg for a moment while he takes his clothes off, watching whatever’s on tv. He puts on a sweatshirt and his own pants, knit, and just about collapses beside Dean after a few moments, his legs having given straight out.
Later that night, fat with Italian and more than a little drunk on cheap Chianti, Cas found himself being shoved against the stove, fumbling with Dean’s jacket, the two of them making out like a couple of horny teenagers.
“Yeah, Cas.” Sam said, his own smile evening out the furrow on his brow, “He’s almost got it.” He looked back to the former angel blushing like a teenage girl next to him and gave him his best shit-eating-grin.
Bobby knows that Dean and Cas will probably give him shit for it later, but he can’t bring himself to do anything about it.
The sun hits the water and casts rainbows over their heads and they shimmer in between, invisible to them, but ribboning beautifully across Cas’s view. Droplets halo their brown heads in a haze of white and Cas smiles and Polly suns herself a few feet away, an ear twitching as she watches the little ones. In a sudden moment, Danny turns and Faith turns with him and they stare at Cas. Danny opens his arms in the same way that he would open them for his son.
Dean stared at the empty space where it should have been. He swore it was there. He put it there last night, and now it was gone.
“Your pie, Mr. Winchester.” Is all he says, smirking, pinching the little bit of skin exposed right above Dean’s right back pocket where his shirt has ridden up. He slips off the workbench and let’s Dean kiss him greedily again.
It kind of slams into him suddenly one day, when he’s driving home from work. He has to pull over into a parking lot and stares at his hands on the wheel, the grip of his fingers, the white stretch of his knuckles.
here. Well, a semblance of a shark – there are eyes and a fin on the hood of his gray hoody and a tail that juts awkwardly off the back, but for all intents and purposes, he’s speaking to a very hungry, candy-craving, shark under a winter coat.
He threw down his scythe and refused his work, and a great famine fell over the lands. The wheat withered, the earth became dust under his feet.
, and he honestly doesn’t even remember what he did, cracks an eye open and then looks away quickly.
he could engage with Dean that Dean also never seemed to realize. It became – not an obsession –but something of a game that Castiel played with Dean that Dean had no idea about. The game was, how could Castiel, as subtly and gracefully as possible, get Dean into positions that Cas could appreciate the most. Of course, Castiel could reason, this was all innocent. Dean had a beautiful body. Cas had
“That soup was really good.” He mumbles and Dean just shakes his head on the pillow, the remote starting to fall out of his fingers.
here?” Daniel whines and Dean glances at his phone before shoving it unceremoniously back into his pocket.
“PAPA!”  Faith crows, and then Dean says goodbye and I love you one more time for the two of them to clarify before hanging up.
“Ok, well, just put this on and then try to sleep. I put a bowl next to your bed, so for god sake’s if you feel like you’re going to be sick do it in there.”
“Hi baby.” Cas soothes, reaching out to take her tiny hands and kiss each one before kissing her fat face. Then it’s Dean’s turn and their mouths meet for a few seconds before Cas let’s go and goes back to Daniel, hugging him again.
“How’d everything go?” Cas says, straightening himself as Daniel plays with his unoccupied hand by threading his own fingers through it.
“It’s wonderful.” Cas completes. “Isn’t that wonderful? I get to have all this…” he turns to the windows. “…someone, somewhere, let me have all this, and sure I will die, and I won’t come back, but I get to have
"The back rub? Yeah I know.” Dean chuckles, scratching at Cas’s back, between his shoulder blades, and Cas flops down on the pillow, snaking his legs between Dean’s.
“Mmm.” Cas hummed, when he paused halfway over the ’s’ in his name and mouthed at Dean’s collar bone and then dragged his tongue down again, scraping teeth over Dean’s nipple.
“Speaking my language.” He mouths on Cas’s cheek and Cas pecks him once more before walking back inside.
Cas nods and then Dean is pulling Faith out of his arms, though she is whining, but doesn’t seem to be bothered when she’s snuggled into Dean’s shoulder.
Bobby kisses her and she smiles at the scratch of his beard on her cheek before he creeps out of the room, off to some other task.
Incahuasi whispered, a trembling ripple dancing over the water in infinite directions. Castiel could tell that it was growing sluggish, impatient with the complaining and talked-out.
“When he comes back just write us a note and we’ll excuse the absence.” She said sweetly, stamping something once Dean had pushed the clipboard across the counter to her. She smiled at Danny as he shakily stood. “Just leave that trash can right there honey, we’ll have the aid take care of it!” She called as Danny put it down with and smiled at her, his lips quivering. He staggered forward and Dean rushed to him, putting an arm around his shoulders, trying not to notice how that shoulder was meeting his own and that their heads were getting close to being level.
Castiel grumbled, which was something Dean and Sam said when it was sort of a problem but one they didn’t feel like dealing with.
“Go inside and get Papa, ok?” He rasps and she draws back, and he can tell she’s uneasy about it. She looks at him once over her shoulder before she flicks her brown hair out of her face and goes inside.
“You’re the ‘apple of my pie too’, baby,” he laughed, quoting the pie’s top, the words where an crust would usually be. Cas smiled, trying to keep the slice he made from falling apart as he transferred it to one of the plates.
“Yeah!” Danny yelled back, and there was a rattle as he threw them against the baseboard in the hallway and Dean stiffened.
He’ll get him almost there, and then one misstep, one little movement, and he’s awake and screaming again. Dean says it’s colic and that it won’t last forever; he’ll grow out of it, eventually.
“Please tell me you are out the door? Your son is about to have a nervous breakdown…” Cas begins and Dean smiles reassuringly, hoping Cas can feel it through the phone.
He hears her tear-thick voice and he feels like his heart is going to shrivel up and fall out of his chest at that.
“Ok. Then it’s ok. Danny says Batman gets hurt sometimes too. So this is ok.” She tells him and he nods against the pillow.
“The recital.” He repeats, leaning back in his chair, watching her eat. She picks up her milk and downs that, and then blows a big breath out and he laughs, which makes her laugh too.
“Is that it? Is that papa’s plane?!” Daniel cries and Dean lets himself grin, because by god, he’s excited too. Relieved, and exhausted after a week alone, but mostly excited.
They get to the door, but Daniel has convinced Dean to let him ride on his shoulders even though he’s getting way too big for that. Dean doesn’t mind though. It isn’t every day he gets to carry a shark like a sack of potatoes over the threshold of their house, having swung Daniel over his shoulder as they went up the drive.
Castiel dropped to a squat beside Dean, putting a hand on the small of his back, wincing when Dean hit his head on the top of the cupboard before sliding out to stare at him, flashlight left to roll behind.
Daniel plows into Cas who hugs him and Dean ruffles his hair, both enthusiastically telling their son how proud they are of him.
Who would have thought the average ten year old wouldn’t chomp at the bit to be Plato or an ancient Tang Dynasty warrior or
He had just been walking by with laundry when he did it, just to be cheeky, and he had pulled the big brown towel out of the basket and flung it so that it covered Cas’s face, startling a surprised ‘ah’ out of the former in the angel in the process.
picked over, the tiger with a spear coring its rib cage. In the end, Death found the shape of men most pleasing; catastrophe was
-” He shoved Dean weakly off and then threw up again, dry heaving when he’d expelled all there was to give. Dean rubbed between his shoulder blades as Daniel sobbed again, shaking.
“Hmm.” Dean hums as Cas raises the glass to his lips and gives him a taste. Dean frowns and then laughs, “Oh god, that is cheap.” Cas chuckles into his glass and sets Dean’s beside the cutting board as he moves to start lighting candles. He spreads them out over the house and by the time he gets out of the back bedroom Dean’s folding their omelets over and sliding them onto plates. The kitchen is thankfully warm because of the gas stove and Cas prods at the fire in the living room, so the cold doesn’t get to them too bad. The sun has completely set and the wind still rakes over the lake down the path from the house. Cas takes the hot plates from Dean’s hands and sets them down without real method to it before he drags his hands down Dean’s chest.
“Busy?” He says hotly and Cas hums into his kiss. That fire comes back, a smolder.  “Care to share?” Cas tugs on his underwear and slips a hand down between his legs. He winces, dry, and Dean pulls his hand away.
He deadpans, pulling out a hand that crunches with empty wrappers. He gazes at them and then back into the box his face painted with disbelief. “Dean,
“Oh…” He breathes, gripping his own elbows in his shock, and he shakes his dark-hair out, a piece falling over his forehead. “Oh, no. I was just listening.” He looks back at the record and Dean realizes his face isn’t exactly excited-looking.
“Here I am!” He said and she laughed so hard she leaned into his hands that had gone out to support her. Her fat little legs curled up and she tipped forward, headbutting him with the force of her laughter. Cas watching her began to laugh too, his shoulders shaking as he right her, making sure her feet were firmly on the rug before he slowly rearranged the towel again.
down at the lake house and Dean knows they won’t be able to get the repair guy out there until tomorrow afternoon – they are an hour out from the high way and the electric company always runs on half time. Dean is mostly freaking out because the land line is out and that means he can’t call Bobby, which means he can’t call about the kids, and the term stressed really isn’t applying very well. Frantic is a better term.
“Now, don’t get upset because you have to be the girl.” He teases and Cas looks around, as though there’s some kind of joke going on.
“Nah, I almost got it…” Dean replied, still working his arm under the couch, scraping around. Sam watched as Cas’s face darkened, Dean’s ass hiking up, the underwear he wore peeking over his pants.
“It’s strange to me…I would have thought I could resent it, but, now, I understand so much more what this song is about.”
“That sounds great.” Dean answers for all of them, following Cas into the kitchen. “Danny you keep an eye on her, don’t let her eat any of that – she could choke.”
“God it gets harder to drive every time. I feel like I gotta practice.” Dean slurs and Cas rubs his back in soothing circles, fingers skating over Dean’s shoulder blades.
Man, catfish, it don’t make no difference sometimes. We all in the mud. We all just creatures wallowing in something.
“…upon hearing of my homesickness, Jack said to ‘cross my palms’ and since I had never heard such say before, I was curious and asked on its meaning. Such an idiom I had never come across before, being from the East. What he told me was such an explanation that I hope to record it in similar voice so I could describe it to my Emily on my next letter to her.
“Now who’s impatient?” Dean says, giving up, because Cas is breathless and needy and scratching at him.
“Dean don’t you let that blanket come down on them!” He scolded, but it was drowned out by the sound of Danny laughing and the sloppy noise of Polly starting to bathe his face with her tongue, the constant nanny.
“Just come here, please? It can wait, I wanna show you something!” Dean demands, tugging more insistently. “It can wait, I promise, just come here for like, five minutes.”
“No - they misplaced it when they moved into the new place…” He sighed, and pulled the camera down and stared at it, clicking the buttons on the side. Dean watched him with an amused expression, noting the way the digital screen lit up and cast a blue-white glow on Cas’s features as he thumbed through the settings and menus, still standing in the middle of the sidewalk.
“Detergent.” Cas replies, rolling towards him, rubbing his face, muffling his words. “I forgot…” He trails, “…I forgot to put it on the list. Knew I was forgetting something.”
Castiel’s grace curls and churns in anger; he is a fiery reckoning, a finger of God, a tempest of faith and might, how dare he call him anything but – but, he finds he cannot protest, merely standing there, watching as the showman sweeps his arm at the table and lifts the edge, pulling it off in a flurry and casting it aside. A smooth, black stone, sits in the center.
Dean takes one out of the tray, staring at it before popping it in his mouth, just as Cas rounds on him again.
“We’ll try again this weekend. Get Sam to take Danny or something…” Dean suggested, emphasizing the point with a kiss at Cas’s neck.
“Help.” He half laughs, half whines, as Dean sits up and drags the comforter over him, the two melting together. Cas’s head lands right over Dean’s heartbeat, and he’s still in seconds, and Dean doesn’t mind that it leaves him setting the sleep timer on the TV and stroking Cas’s back under his sweatshirt, the skin warm and smooth.
“Sammy used to eat his eggs with ketchup when he was a kid – and my dad would get so grossed out.” Dean says and Cas leans forward over his plate, smiling. He balances his chin into the palm of his hand and stares so evenly at Dean, his free fingers playing with the skin of Dean’s knuckles. “He grew out of it though. For a few years that’s the only way he’d eat them – but man, this one time we went through a mcdonalds and he made my dad ask for ketchup for his egg mcmuffin and my dad just stared at him and it was so funny because my
When they reach the bottom Cas is waiting in a jacket, holding Dean’s, the headlights of the Impala shining into the house from the front drive.
Cas eases him down on the kitchen chair and doesn’t say anything about it. He busies himself with the first aid kit and a tall glass of water for the ibuprofen he gets out first.
Laundry day was one of his favorites – he had to get up early and round up their clothes, but it forced Dean to walk out in his jockey briefs in search of clean pants, and Cas could get a very uninhibited drink of Dean’s skin while he folded towels. It was especially good if Dean put his pants on right there in the laundry room, which opened up whole other realms of possibilities – the curvature of his spine, the way his shoulder blades went snugly over his back, and of course, Castiel’s favorite, his supreme ass.
“I’m sorry, Dean, but I can’t,” he said, his voice grave, a smile hinting on his mouth, “it’s just too important to me.” Dean watched as he kept the fork in one hand and then scrambled for the plate, because Dean had already lurched, his socked feet slipping on the wood floor.
Static pours, blurring and obscuring the song that had been playing into a garbled mess.  Frowning, he stands and walks to the radio, pushing it around on the bench, but the station seems to have some kind of problem, so he settles for tuning it to something else.
“It’s only gonna be a few more minutes, so quit bellyaching.” Dean said in ways of reply to the incoherent sound his son had just emitted. They were in the waiting room of the pediatrician’s office. Cas and Faith had disappeared behind the heavy blue door ten minutes ago for Faith’s check up, and Danny had abandoned the trucks and toys to come bother Dean.
. He stops what he’s doing: cleaning, working on homework, reading (a big deal when you can pull Cas out of a book, because he
Dean goes quiet, the static buzzing slightly over the sound of him regulating his breathing after Cas probably scared him half to death.
The front door flies open and Dean stalls halfway up the walk to the front porch as something in a yellow sweater comes leaping down the steps and towards him.
“You moved a little!” Dean grins, and Danny heaves himself again, trying to get another feel for crawling. He kicks his legs and arms, but it doesn’t really coordinate and he shrieks again, looking right at Dean, frustrated. “What?” Dean says playfully, dropping his voice, and Danny makes another squeak.
“I would have liked to have met him.” Cas replies reaching forward to drain the last bit of wine from his glass, pushing Dean’s toward him. “Now, if you do remember, we have a plan?”
Cas bends down to kiss the top of Dean’s head, rubbing his back with one hand, both of them looking at Danny as he stares at the toy with wide eyes, his mouth falling open every time it jingles.
“Dean, I think you’re projecting again” He says as he ‘lazily’ begins to dip his fingers just barely beneath the waistband of the charcoal underwear, skimming the very top, like he’s scratching an itch or something. Every inch of it is on purpose and Dean can feel the disdainful laugh and the way his tongue is skirting at his teeth, trying to lock up all the things just fighting to come out of his mouth. He wants to say he’s going to fuck the look right off of Castiel’s face.
Dean thinks on this – how Cas might even have seen the very composers, divinely inspired, when they laid the notes to these long-sung songs in dusty churches, meant for those old people in stiff clothing, holding their hymnals – how Castiel must have looked on them and smiled. Found beauty and goodness.
“Hey bud, what happened?” Dean said softly, coming in, heading straight for his son who smiled pathetically and then grimaced, curling himself more over the trash can. Dean reached out and put a hand on the back of his neck - he was burning up, though the goosebumps told Dean he was probably freezing in the school’s blasting air conditioner.
Dean slides his fingers out and when they’re replaced Cas seizes up, mouth open in a voiceless hallelujah.
Cas turned to Dean at that moment and looked at him. He was checking his watch, obviously worrying over getting the car out before parade traffic got bad. Cas’s heart swelled, the squirming got worse, the feeling of his throat getting tight with a sensation he could now identify as the peculiarly human expression of
“What?” Dean says, the sound muffled by the pillow case. Cas smiles at him and then closes his eyes.
“There you go! Told you you’d get it!”” Dean says loudly and Cas grins, proud of himself, and able to look up into Dean’s face instead of their shoes. They keep it up, getting back into the beat of the music that plays till Dean is laughing so hard he’s red in the face and Cas is too, but not hard enough to scold Dean for stepping on him. Their eyes don’t stray from each other, the rest of the world pretty much forgotten for a few precious minutes.
They said that your second child was supposed to be easier, but Dean really wished someone would give their daughter the memo. Faith, while usually a dream, was the most unpredictable sleeper he’d ever met. Some nights she went straight down and stayed down, but others, especially as of late, she’d taken to screaming instead.
“What?” She says. Cas doesn’t say anything, just keeps staring at her heart shaped face, the delicate point of her chin. Dean and he had been talking last night about how pretty she was getting. Dean was more than uncomfortable with how beautiful she is.
- the same discussion they have every morning (how lovely, how wonderful, how precious). There are dynamics for the artist’s interpretation; subtle variation depending on day and time.
“You can always make it up to me later…” he answered suggestively, nipping at Castiel’s neck before walking past him. Cas jerked when Dean slapped his ass, sauntering out of the room to get his plate and bring it back.
.” Dean  responds, his body sinking into the Impala, the curve of his spine  butting awkwardly on her straight edges. “That’s really sad, because, if  you haven’t noticed, it’s all gone to shit.” He looks up at Castiel, at  his sloppy-looking suit jacket and white shirt. At least Dean’s mind is  accurate.
“Ten minutes, little man.” He grunts and Daniel sighs, shifting around on Dean’s lap before he’s standing, leaned up against Dean’s shoulder, one arm wrapped around his shoulder.
“Danny.” Cas sang softly, sitting on the mattress, rubbing his back. Danny rolled over and tossed his hand out over his eyes, rubbing his whole face. He looked up through his hands at Cas who bent down and nuzzled his face into his son’s hair.
“Sip that when you feel you can.” Dean told him, sitting down on the bed, unable to keep himself from touching Daniel’s hair. Daniel groaned back at him and shut his eyes while Dean reached down and placed a kiss on the top of his head. God knew how long it’d been since he’d been able to do something like that without getting glared at. Daniel smiled a little though and Dean smoothed down the back of his t-shirt with the flat of his hand. He had to chuckle when he noticed Daniel had shucked his pants at the foot of the bed, sporting a pair of red boxers that complimented his green lantern shirt quite nicely.
He comes to the booster seat and helps her out of it and sets her down on the ground and she takes off running for the stairs.
“Here…” He whispered, and Daniel lifted his head, breathing heavily when he settled down onto it. Dean felt as Daniel shifted till his face was pressed up against Dean’s shoulder. Cas put his arm over Danny’s back and scratched it lightly before going still, falling back to sleep almost instantly.
“I feel like shit.” He croaked and Dean reached out to palm his forehead, moving his hair to one side before letting his fingers cup his pale cheek.
Dean frowns, digging for the kid’s Motrin for their fevers now that he’s not holding a sick child – its orange liquid and he can remember having to take it when he was their ages and how he hated it. He pops the plastic ring off the top and unscrews it. He pours out Danny’s serving before setting Faith’s beside Casl’s busy hands. Cas checks the dosage one last time on the purple bottle he’s currently holding and then moves to brush Faith’s bangs out of her eyes. She moves her head away and Cas puts strong fingers under her chin, looking distressed when Faith keens, all congested and pathetic sounding. Danny takes his himself, holding his nose and frowning. He sticks his tongue out and then puts the little plastic cup on the counter with a heavy sigh.
She bounces up and down and Cas shakes his head, laughing softly, leaning forward to press a kiss to her head before looking back up at the camcorder, testing the zoom.
Dean frowns, digging for the kid’s Motrin for their fevers now that he’s not holding a sick child – its orange liquid and he can remember having to take it when he was their ages and how he hated it. He pops the plastic ring off the top and unscrews it. He pours out Danny’s serving before setting Faith’s beside Casl’s busy hands. Cas checks the dosage one last time on the purple bottle he’s currently holding and then moves to brush Faith’s bangs out of her eyes. She moves her head away and Cas puts strong fingers under her chin, looking distressed when Faith keens, all congested and pathetic sounding. Danny takes his himself, holding his nose and frowning. He sticks his tongue out and then puts the little plastic cup on the counter with a heavy sigh.
The walk is long and dusty, and by the time Leticia gets to the adobe house the sun is high above her head. The bruja is sweeping her front step, moving her whole body with each arc of her twiggy broom.
Cas watches them between the gaps of the streams as they watch him expectantly. He stares at them, shifting, their forms blurred by the water.
His son drags his tummy against the carpet, wrinkling his onesie, and then collapses, staring at Dean.
Dean jerks up, their hips meeting. There’s a brief moment of thought that Dean will regret this tomorrow morning when he walks Faith to school, but the moment is very
“Buddha. I thought the irony would be…comical.” It’s Castiel’s turn to smile at himself - infinitely amused by his own idea. Dean rolls his eyes and the door bell rings. Dean groans at the prospect at hearing that same noise for the next three or so hours, but Castiel hustles to the door, brandishing his candy bowl.
“Of course.” He whispers softly, all his little demanding self tucked safely away in his sublimely tranquil shell. He heaves himself up to walk to the bathroom. He hates sleeping like that, and he wipes himself up, the tap running a wonderful white noise on Dean’s ears, before padding back to bed to nestle naked against Dean’s side.
He put his hands back at his sides and then went back to his jigsaw puzzle, happy to bask in the noise that Dean made as he tinkered in the garage.
“Projecting, huh?” Dean growls and then he reaches out and this time, Castiel gets caught. Dean sits down on the bed, Castiel between his legs, but Castiel seems to have other ideas as he slides on top of him, one leg over each of Dean’s,  arms up around his neck  pulling them flush.
“Kay!” Daniel says, already shoving a snickers into his mouth. “Faith, stop, that’s no!” Daniel say sternly, taking a twix from his sister’s small hands and putting it in the pile he’s allotted.
“Here I am!” Cas said, lifting the edge up, exposing his face. Faith’s eyes widened in shock and then, at seeing his smile, she began to giggle. She laughed, pushing at his cheeks and mouth. Cas smiled back and then slowly veiled himself in the towel again.
.”  Dean spits, harshly, at the earth. “You get the fuck out of my head.”  He bends backwards, teetering, one arm bracing himself on that ugly ass  Kia and he starts to stand again. He knows he shouldn’t drive. He  shouldn’t even try to get up. Every muscle he’s got is protesting  movement, begging him to just
“Hello…” He laughed, pulling her hand aside, her fingers gripping his. Cas looked at her face and then kissed her, mostly because he could. He looked at the fort, heard the hum of voices and then Faith demanded his attention again, so he yielded and swung her in his arms, walking and rocking her, making her light up. He grabbed his camera from the desk in the kitchen and set her on the ground when she protested about being held, her interest now commanded by the strange blanket structure and the loss of sight of Dean and Danny. She had to keep a hold on Cas’s hand to maintain her balance, but made little toddling steps towards the fort, looking at it, and then looking back up at Cas unsurely.
They stand next to the conveyor belt now and Dean finally just hugs Cas good and proper, even though Daniel and Faith are kind of pressed between them.
“You’re a piece of work.” Dean accuses, biting him, nipping, and Cas takes it all, scrabbling at Dean’s back, “Fucking tease me…and then you just wanna go.”
Her lip quivers and she comes to him, slow as can be, being especially gentle because she knows he’s hurt. He pulls her up on the bed and she lays on top of him and buries her face in his chest. He shushes her and rubs her back over and over.
“…but you were the greatest wonder.” Cas says to the possum and the raccoon, to the vixen with yellow eyes gleaming at the seam of the thicket keeping vigil over the kits in her den, fat with milk. Two little kits are curled on their grandfather’s bed as he tells them a story he has been wanting to tell for a long time. He translates it, but in his head it is the story of three boys who saved an old man from himself. The little girl’s infant fist curls against her mouth and she nibbles her finger, nodding forward, trying to keep the sleep away . The boy sprawls at his feet, arms slung out over the old man’s legs, head resting on his thigh. The dog on the rug below kicks absently in her dreams.
“Yeah, I guess…” Daniel blushes, and Cas pulls Daniel’s ornaments out for them to hang. Dean’s is a reindeer made from a cut out of Daniel’s foot print and his hands too, its lopsided googly eyes too perfect for Dean to really explain at the moment. Cas’s is a big angel with glitter glue wings that makes him a little misty eyed as he carefully holds it, and Faith’s is a snow person made from cotton balls and felt.
As Dean wheels into the playroom he has to navigate over Legos and the insides of the dollhouse, but it’s easy to reach them. Daniel is still holding the lion over his head and Faith is starting to pitch a
Cas screams – but it isn’t exactly in ecstasy, because Dean yells too, and they jump apart, Dean tripping on his pants and slamming awkwardly into the table.
“You don’t have a good side.” He joked after a moment of more fiddling, “But this one will have to do.”
Cas watched Dean as he started to explain and his fingers tightened over the camera. It really had turned out, hadn’t it?
Faith squirmed and turned her attention back to Dean who reached up a hand to wipe the crumbs of sleep out of her eye and then pull her onesie back into place where it had gone askew on her round tummy. He prodded the bright yellow bird on it and tickled her.
“WAIT, WAIT!” Cas yells, coming into the room, Faith slung over one shoulder, a camera on the other. “Pictures, pictures!” He says this while handing Faith over to Dean who takes her with surprise, smiling at his daughter-turned-ballerina for the occasion.
“He would have liked you. My dad.” Dean finishes after a quiet moment and Cas looks thoughtfully at the ceiling, considering this, still running his fingertips over the skin of Dean’s hand.
He pushes his palms down, feels the grit of the  parking lot dig into his skin, and heaves himself half way up before  beaching himself again. His legs sit uselessly behind him, too heavy to  lift. Dean breathes through the shifting colors the neon signs are  swirling into and tries to figure out how the fuck he plans on crawling  to the Impala.
Castiel stood with his feet in a puddle on the largest salt flat in the world. The ground there is usually gasping for water, earth cupping the chapped broken hands of a hard laborer. The sky is so blue it looks like an oily smear of thick paint. The air reeks of salt. He could also smell ammonia – bird shit. Colonies of pink flamingos in the Laguna Colorada south of the salar.
Dean rubs his back and leans his head on him when Cas is done, helping him clean himself up before the go to bed.
“I smell pie,” he said to himself, walking into the kitchen, making a bee line for said pastry. He stared down on it and his eyebrows shot up.
Cas sniffs and wipes the moisture out of his eyes, letting Dean hoist him up out of the rocker as quietly as possible.
“Can you go to the bus stop at three?” Cas says, turning a page on his paperback, and Dean grunts his yes. He likes being the first one Danny sees when he gets off the bus after school, his back pack big enough to swallow him whole and his pants usually grass stained from recess.
“It’s ok monkey, no more medicine.” Danny tells her, his nasally voice trying to be light. He tickles her leg and Faith manages a wet giggle.
Castiel said awkwardly, doing his best to summarize the omnipotent rules of the endless cosmic chess game into a measurable word. Humans were - as usual - close, but not quite.
“Deal with it.” Cas growls, looking harrowed. “They’ve been at it all day and I’m trying to get this done.”
This whole time he’s been trying to define the point of this ‘exercise’, but even though he was tolerant of taking his position on stage he cannot seem to break the fantasy. He has been operating on the trickster’s terms, playing his part, but he hasn’t been let go.
“Ok.” He breathes, before stopping, almost reconsidering, but not really. It’s more of a qualifier what he says next. “But she needs a bath – they both do. And we’ll put some of that rub on their chests, and they have got to get out of these clothes…I should have had them change earlier but I was tired and I wasn’t thinking…”
It’s the best silent movie Cas has ever seen, and as he shakes his arm in the sweater, the only thing that could really pull him away is the reality that he gets to walk downstairs and be with them. The mid October sunshine is almost too good to be true, and the leaves are on fire with colors.
. It plays through his head over and over, this endless loop of pleasure and the scratch of Dean’s stubble on his own, his toes curling up and relaxing.
“Hmmm?” Castiel hummed, coming to the kitchen, wiping his hands on his trousers. He’d been dusting the mantle on a whim when Dean had called. Dean held up the measuring cup.
“Dean.” His name breathed through parted lips, the  former angels’ hair stuck to his head, slick, and black under the street  lights flooding the parking lot.
“Go see Daddy!” He said, grinning. “Dean! Dean show her where you are - ” Dean’s face popped out of the blanket and he held out his arms to her, Danny poking his head out too.
“You want an omelet?” Dean says looking at the carton of eggs they bought the day before. “It’s gonna spoil otherwise…” The wind moans through the trees outside and whistles through the eves at the front of the house, but no snow falls. The bare branches cast shadows on the window panes where the sun is starting to go down. Cas digs in their pantry for storm candles and a box of matches and doesn’t reply, so Dean pulls it out along with the last of their bacon and the last half of their onion, a red pepper and somehow manages to throw it together on the counter. Cas reappears looking triumphant, a bag of tea lights in one hand and the other held behind his back.
The boy giggled and Cas numbly felt his hand travel up to his chest to scratch at the material just above his heart. It was a queer feeling – like something was wiggling right there, something warm and squirming – and one he’d never felt so strongly.
"Mm. Yes.” She puts her cup down with a little rattling sound, “But a little suffering is good for a growing boy. It helps him to learn.” She flashes her yellowing teeth at Leticia and Leticia smiles hesitantly back, the brown face friendly.
“Hey.” He says darkly, already zeroing in on the cut and the awkward way Dean is putting his weight on his good leg. He turns around, and gives Faith a stare and she inches back in the house, slinking away like a cat, Polly following her, her dog tags tinkling.
Cas is afraid, for a second, that maybe, when he steps through the other side the spell will finally break, that they won’t be there when he walks through the curtain of water.
“But a man can’t be in love with a star, either.” Leticia comments, and the bruja shrugs her old, bony, shoulders.
“Cas?! Baby!” Dean cries, racing to Castiel’s side, still holding the dead mouse by the wood of the trap. Cas leans out of the sink, looks at the dead mouse and retches again, batting Dean away. Dean stands there, dazed, in his underwear, and then goes to drop the mouse in the trashcan before hurrying back to Cas, helping him to the bathroom.
Dean isn’t exactly the friendliest person in the world, but during Halloween it’s like he’s donated all his sense of humor to science.
She takes her big brothers hand and he lets her lead him to the stairs where they climb down carefully, still gripping each other’s fingers. Dean follows behind them, not bothered it takes them twice as long this way.
Dean reminds himself because Daniel isn’t there to do it. Their son takes it all very seriously, so Dean and Cas have tried their best to respect it by remembering the event’s full title.
He remembered the first time he saw a raft - sticks and wood and leaves thrashed together. Voyagers setting off on oceans full of salt and full of waves that came one after the other. Rafts that broke apart, obliterated, in the fist of the water, swirled into oblivion.
“You are very easily entertained.” Sam mumbles, tickled. He raises his other hand and Danny’s eyes track it as it comes into view. “Here’s another. Pretty cool huh? I mean, for hands. Which you already have. Mine are just huge.”
The song comes to its ending and the two keep up their dance for a few bars into the next before stopping and laughing at each other’s dizzy faces and red cheeks. The garage is oppressively warm from Dean’s space heater and the winter wind beats against the garage door, but neither are bothered.
Faith starts to keen a little bit, anxious with the excitement and just as Dean reaches up to adjust her in his arms Daniel rockets off.
Dean is supposed to be doing dishes, but instead he is sitting outside his son’s bedroom, listening to the creak of a rocking chair going back and forth.
“A man is not a man, what a funny thing to say! If it looks like a duck, right? Probably a duck – but, this is a show of the strange, and perhaps our friend here isn’t what he seems at all!”
“Alright little man.” Dean encouraged, supporting his weight as they made their way up to his bathroom, all of his sixteen year old body leaned on Dean’s shoulder and upper arm, shuffling with him down the hall to his bedroom. Once there Dean carefully deposited him inside the adjoining bathroom and started to run the water.
“…I hear it. It’s the way I would sing about you.” Cas finishes. Dean goes quiet, letting the record play, swaying with Cas in their dark living room.
“Look Danny - see the mittens?” He whispers and Danny chirps again before Cas turns the page once more, his voice deep and slow and even.
The star heard his confession and offered himself; the man’s mouth caught the star as a jar catches water.
They eat their donuts on a spread of paper towels, even though crumbs still get on the carpet and stick to Faith’s mouth, but it’s worth it to do Daniel’s favorite part with him and see him laugh so hard he nearly chokes.
He thought of his Father, who made the blue of this sky - a reflection of water and atmosphere. The same startling blue of these eyes now rolling around in this head, of newborn babies.
“If you carry such a heavy heart you will turn into a catfish!” The bruja says suddenly, and she turns her tanned face to Leticia, grinning. Leticia’s eyes go wide and her mouth falls open. The bruja leans on her broom, laughing a little to herself, her wispy gray hair falling out of it’s holdings, looking like spiderwebs are caught in her hair when the dusty wind blows across the yard.
He darted for the stairs. Dean met him half way up, and Cas let out a sound of surprise as Dean grabbed him around the middle. Cas held the pie plate up and the fork, trying to wiggle out of Dean’s grip, but Dean had him. Cas sank to sitting on the stairs, successfully escaping Dean’s arms, and turned - his legs on either side of Dean as he stood above him, staring down at Cas who laughed and took another forkful of pie and shoved it into his mouth. Dean crouched over him, and grabbed his hair and Cas groaned enthusiastically around the mouthful of cherries and cold crust.
sort of guy. They forget by dinner, but that night, as Cas huffs lightly beside him, fat on ham, Dean can’t shake the irksome feeling.
“Next time?” Dean says roughly, and then he reaches forward with both hands to grab Cas’s face and kiss him hard and quick. “You’re something.” He says between another two presses of their mouths, both of them still breathing a little heavy.
They get back to the house and Dean parks the Impala and watches Cas take Faith up to bed where Dean hopes she stays properly knocked out, Danny having woken up when they pulled into the driveway, staggering along, Cas’s arm around his shoulders. Dean sets the alarm while he shrugs out of his jacket and makes sure everything is right before he follows, passing the pot of soup forgotten in the sink. He picks up Polly, even though she grumbles a bit before licking at his chin and wagging her little stumpy tail, and carries her to the second floor. Back upstairs they find Danny halfway on the mattress, having collapsed into the pillow with one foot still touching the floor. Polly wiggles and Dean let’s her gently down on Danny’s bed, where she usually sleeps.
Faith finally falls asleep when they hit halfway through town, and Dean pulls off to u-turn and head back to the house, one arm stretched out over the back of the seat, sliding till he meets Cas’s neck. Cas doesn’t even jump at the way Dean’s hand rubs at the knob of his spine, completely lax. He smiles in contentment, Faith and Danny warm sighing lumps of quilt on his lap, a wonderful weight.
He was jerked back to reality by Faith grabbing his nose, looking up at him with her big brown eyes wide.
Cas frowns and let’s the weight of the pan sink back into his hand as he drops his arms, sighing. Dean moves to his side and they both look at the pathetic little mess.
"You get it?” Dean said, smirking, and it was Cas’s turn to roll eyes eyes and elbow him in the ribs, Dean’s teasing laughter echoing off of the trees and the ornamental rocks of the park.
“Good job!” He tells her as she rinses with the big cup, squealing when Dean uses it to get the shampoo out of her hair, plastering it to her forehead and her face. Keeping an eye on the time, he pulls the plug in the tub and lifts her out and towels her off, relishing the muffled laughs she produces when he covers her face with the big fluffy towel and asks casually where his baby girl went.
it, ass.” Cas smiled back, holding the camera up. Dean looked straight ahead, his smugness relaxed into a content smile. He reached out and playfully shoved at Cas’s head, ruffling his hair, and then pulled him in again, arm around his shoulder. Cas smiled to himself and aimed the camera at the side of Dean’s face. Dean glanced at him and Cas took his free hand and shoved his face forward.
“No, like this!” He says, because she’s puffing her cheeks instead of sucking them in. He reaches out to push her cheeks together and air rushes out and she laughs, a few little tears still sticking to her cheeks.
It’s pretty hysterical, actually. Their hand motions are uncoordinated and choppy and only half seem to know the actual lyrics, but they all shout the song as loud as they can and after a minute even all the nervous ones are smiling, but Daniel’s is the brightest for Dean and Cas. It’s adorable and Dean is beside himself as Daniel performs the motions, glancing at their section every once and a while to smile extra big, his face flushed with excitement. Faith tries to do the motions too, and fails, settling for just clapping when she can, and staring in awe at her big brother when she can’t.
“Danny come here so I can give this to you…” Cas says distantly, watching Faith with one eye and measuring out more of the over-the-counter cough syrup with the other, having wasted no time in fishing it out of the plastic bags that Dean has brought in. Its seven o’clock at night and what Dean pushed off as just allergies the day before is a full-fledged
“Hey, you ok?” Dean says gently, not wanting to raise his voice too much over the lilting music. Cas spins on him, looking surprised.
“I used to be able to speak french.” He clenches the fingers on his arms. “I can hardly remember any of it anymore…I could speak every language known on this earth.” He sighs. “But now, I couldn’t tell you what the words she says are. Not even a little.”
, the good and greatest work, the singular speechless species of joy) asleep in the bed, brought them flowers, told them of trips to the
“There was a man with a heavy heart, and it was so heavy it burst like a damn and became a river, and the man couldn’t stay a man any longer. His body was sinking. He was too heavy to hold, so he became a catfish instead, and he hid in the mud, because loneliness is a dark thing, sometimes."
“Nothing’s wrong. Just Sam’s continuing mission to turn you into an absolute fruit cake.” He gestures at the record and Castiel looks down at it and then back up at Dean.
“Good plan.” Dean says as Cas finally kisses him properly before pulling back and sitting down on the table.
“That was quick, no traffic?” Castiel says it with only half-interest as Dean opens the door, eyes fixed on the thermometer in his pale fingers, displeasure written all over his face.
"Monkey, come on, it’s ok.” He tells her over and over and she lifts her face from  his t-shirt only to pepper him with kisses.
- the greatest mirror on the earth, the largest salt flat in the world that was once a pluvial lake full of megafauna.
Cas opens his eyes in one fierce moment, frighteningly bright and luminescent, and maybe it’s a trick of the light from their still silent TV, but they glow.
“GOT HIM!” He yells, whooping, and Castiel, perturbed by the situation and more than a little whoozy now that he thinks about it stares at the limp creature hanging from the trap.
“Here, I’ll give you some juice after you take it, ok? To get the taste out – Dean, can you get that juice she likes?” Castiel sounds as tired as Faith is, and it makes sense because Dean’s been gone all day doing the whole mechanic thing, and Cas’s been taking care of a sick child.
Cas kisses him three times till the worry on his brow smooths out, and Dean considers which is really the privileged one: the wave or the shoreline. They work themselves up to a steady wanting, Dean whimpering when Cas guides him in.
Castiel looked down at the shallow water and saw his baggy coat and wilting collar, tie askew. His sensible black dress shoes were wet now.
Curiosity getting the better of him, Dean wanders into the living room where the Cas is standing in the center of the room. His chin rests in the palm of his hand, the other crossed over his stomach. From the side Dean can see his eyes are slightly squinted in the direction of the stereo cabinet, blinking every so often at the record spinning on the table.
“She’s excited!” Dean says, glancing at her in the rear view mirror, the wipers on against the snow beginning to pillow down. “Ain’t ya’ monkey?”
“That hurts, I bet.” Dean says softly, and Faith hiccups, starting to calm down. Cas meets them inside and pushes her hair back over her now sticky cheeks.
Cas drew back after a moment and trailed his lips up to kiss the tip of Dean’s nose and then nip it playfully before sitting up and pulling off his shirt. Dean smiled in approval and Cas rolled his eyes before shaking his hair out of the collar and tossing it behind him where it fell to the floor, forgotten.
He doesn’t put his coffee down even as he stands out on the freezing patio of the back yard and yells.
“Play it again, Cas.” Dean says softly, green eyes glowing in the dark, “Play it again. I’m trying to listen to it…like, you know…”
“I’m holding you to that. The cleaning up bit.” Cas says, brushing past Dean who is grabbing extra paper towels, as he goes into the living room, sitting down on the floor to help Daniel sort his candy.
The next morning, hung over, Cas almost trips on Dean’s pants which are right in front of the trash, and as he sees the dead mouse sitting inside he can only imagine, picking up the pants and depositing them in the laundry room nearby.
It would have continued to, this game, but Castiel was beginning to be unconscious of his actions, and so, it had begun to bleed outside of their house.
Under his feet, under the white snowy-crush crust of salt, the water was still and old and dreaming teary dreams of splashing
He pulls up to their house around four in the afternoon, and he hates doing that because he always has to call Cas ahead of time, make sure the kids are outside. He doesn’t want them to see him like this with a cut over his eyebrow that he didn’t have the time or energy to clean and his leg dragging like a lame dog’s.
“It’s not about trying to understand it, it’s listening to what’s already there.” Cas assures. He dissolves back into his humming, and that’s when it clicks. Dean feels the vibrations from Cas’s voice sift into his own.
Cas had come downstairs after a nap to find Dean panting and grunting under the counter, his shirt riding up, exposing the smooth rounded edges of his hip bones and the stark trail of hair that started right below his belly button. Castiel had stood, a little mesmerized, as Dean gyrated, trying to get positioned so that the wrench could work the most effectively. When he noticed Cas he had smiled at him and held out his hand for a tool, which Castiel had promptly delivered, and then he was back at the sink and Castiel was allowed to continue staring.
an angel, eh Castiel?” the magician continues, and Castiel stares at the stone in his palm and then up at the magician.
The bedroom door is open, and he can hear Castiel rustling around inside and the TV is on some news station, but Dean isn’t paying attention. He’s turning to see Castiel in one of the white button downs he puts under his sweaters, open and hanging off of him , and, god help him, just those little jockey briefs he wears. Dean watches as Castiel definitely notices he’s in the room and stops slouching through the drawer he’s bent over and straightens, raising up on the balls of his feet, back arching backwards in a cat-like stretch. He eyes Dean sideways, the picture of innocence.
“Yeah, we’re just about to hit the road – Faith can you click that sweetheart? Yeah we’re about to leave.”
“CHECK!” Daniel roars and Dean fights the smile that’s threatening to break out over his face, because this is serious business. He’s talking to a
“Come on monkey!” Dean says as he scoops her into his arms half way up the staircase, which makes her shriek and thrash a bit before giving in. He helps her out of her day clothes and into the tub she goes, disgruntled that he has to untangle her long brown hair, but happy to play with Daniel’s pirate bath toy without him complaining about it.
Jack nodded again, but Dean was still watching him as if he could tell there was something else he wanted to say. Jack wondered if he dared. He didn’t want to be demanding. He didn’t want to make even
So, um. Firstly, I'm SO sorry it's been such a long time since I updated! I took a hiatus to get my uni work done, and after that, honestly I really struggled with writing this. I've written the whole thing now, though, so the next few updates will be really quick! It's going to be 8 chapters in total (sorry, I got carried away because I enjoyed writing about Jack too much, so the whole thing's ended up at nearly 20k words!)
“Did it.” Dean said dryly. “Yeah, well, call me old-fashioned, but personally, I don’t trust any kind of drink that has vegetables in it. That just shouldn’t be allowed. Right, Cas?”
Jack nodded, slowly. He wasn’t quite convinced. And thinking about how Dean had stormed out because of him made him feel like there was a hard knot in his stomach. He couldn’t help worrying about what would happen when Dean stormed back
For a few seconds Jack just stood there, staring, frozen. Then his brain kicked into gear. This was bad. This was very bad. This was…
Then he turned back to Jack, and before he had time to react, he’d swept him all the way down the hall and towards his room.
“I’m sure that doesn’t happen,” said Cas. “That would be rather a tragic story – and movies like Paddington Bear are supposed to be happy, aren’t they?”
“Jack,” said Dean, after a while. He was speaking very carefully, as if he was considering exactly what to say. “I know that we’ve had our differences in the past. And I know that I’ve been a pretty poor excuse for a dad sometimes. But I could
know whatever stunt he’s going to pull next, what damage he’s going to do, and that’s the problem. Because we can’t trust him. Sometimes I really do start to feel like he’s taking after his father.”
“I’m sure that’s not true -” Sam started, but before he could get any further, the kitchen door suddenly opened and Cas strode out, looking positively murderous. He blanched when he saw that Jack was still there; stopped in his tracks, dismayed.
So Dean shrugged, reached out to ruffle Cas’s hair in a way that made him glare slightly, and left. Jack went on reading his comic. He could tell Cas was still watching him, in that way that parents did, in Jack’s limited experience, watch over their kids, but Jack didn’t bring up the oranges again and so neither did Cas. And an hour later there they were, dumped casually on the table in front of him by Dean.
“I was just trying to make marmalade,” he said again, his voice slightly shaky. “I just wanted it to be a surprise -”
And he put down his untouched smoothie with a thunk and marched towards the door, almost crashing straight into Eileen, who’d appeared out of nowhere.
“That’s good,” said Dean. “I’m glad you’re doing it for yourself. Because you know… you know you don’t have to
“What?” There was a pause; then Dean said, dismissively, “Don’t be silly. Jack knows… Cas, you’re blowing this out of proportion. Jack can take it. I’ve said plenty of worse things to him before.”
“Oh – it’s not about the mess,” said Dean. “It’s just – I’ve got a surprise for you, Jack.” Dean looked suddenly very excited. Cas, on the other hand, began to look slightly wary.
Jack felt a lump come into his throat, clogging it right up. His skin suddenly felt cold. Because he knew who Dean meant – it was obvious from his cold, angry tone. He didn’t mean Cas, or Sam, or himself. He meant Lucifer.
“But… but I thought…” Jack frowned. It didn’t make sense. Hadn’t the whole point of Dean trying to be nice to Jack been so Cas wouldn’t been mad at him anymore? So why had he gone to all that bother for Jack and not even
But when they got to the kitchen and Cas pushed the door open, Dean was already there. He had bags under his eyes and was busy with a dust-pan and a knife, trying to scrape metal and marmalade off the counter. He looked up when he saw them, gave a slightly awkward nod. Cas gave a nod back – just one, very curt, obligatory nod. The atmosphere was thick enough to cut with a knife.
“Do you think there’s more hiding places like this? Or secret passages, even?” Jack liked the idea of that.
“No, I’m not!” Jack said, quickly un-squinting himself. “Why are you still here, anyway? I thought you were making dinner.”
Jack was still waiting patiently for Dean to answer the question, head tilted slightly in a very Cas-like way. Dean couldn’t help laughing, despite everything.
Then there was the part where Paddington was taken home by the Browns. At first, nobody seemed to want him, apart from the mother. Judy thought he was an embarrassment; and Mr Brown wanted absolutely nothing to do with him. Everything Paddington Bear did seemed to end in disaster – slapstick, spectacular disaster.
Cas didn’t reply; just raised his eyebrows and reached for a glass of his own. But when Dean looked up to check for his reaction, he suddenly realised that Jack was glaring at him. It was a fierce glare, the exact opposite of Jack’s usual sunny smiles, very angry and very deliberate.
He focused his energy on the oranges; narrowed his eyes to unleash his powers. Maybe if he put in enough heat the oranges would go properly soft right away, and he wouldn’t even have to wait for them to boil! So he concentrated: and, in one short burst, put all his energy into heating the water, letting it engulf those oranges. The water bubbled; the oranges swelled, big and bulbous, growing darker and darker orange; Jack felt the temperature rise (well above boiling point, but that was what his powers were for), he focused more and more heat, and…
I made sure to actually get this out in time for once, in honour of father's day! Also, I literally looked up marmalade recipes to write this chapter!
“See,” he said, showing Jack. “It’s under this floorboard – except look, it’s not a real floorboard, it’s only pretend. You can lift it right off. I think the Men of Letters used to use it to stash spell ingredients. Don’t go telling Sam or Cas about this spot, by the way. This is our secret, right? I’m trusting you.”
Dean was busy cooking. Jack hoped whatever he was making would be better than the horrible food the scary cook in the film served up after Paddington Bear got sent to jail.
“Maybe…” said Jack. “How do you get the bees?” He had a vision of sitting in the backseat of the Impala, holding a box of angry buzzing bees on his lap and trying frantically to hold on to the lid so none of them would get out.
“Dean… bought me a jar,” said Jack. “So I could see what it was like without burning the kitchen down. Didn’t he tell you?”
“Maybe I expected you to act like you possessed a shred of love and appreciation for your son,” said Cas. “Maybe that was foolish of me.”
It was always more difficult to tell, with Cas. Dean would either watch enthusiastically, laughing or gasping out loud at particular scenes, or start to fidget and talk over the film about something completely unrelated; Sam, when he got bored, would surreptitiously take out his phone and start texting Eileen. But Cas always watched intently, no matter how bad or boring or disappointing the movie was, if Jack was the one who’d picked it. That made things difficult.
thinking about. Jack hadn’t meant to. He’d just been stating the obvious – the first thought that came into his head. But it was nice to be taken seriously, especially by
“Yep,” he said, looking from Jack to Cas, both of who were staring at him. “I can definitely see why the two of
” Cas said, and his voice was colder, more furious than Jack had ever heard it before – at least directed at Dean. “That’s
Fun fact: the parenting tip about having kids put their hand in water to feel it heat up might sound random, but it's actually a thing, believe it or not! On my gap year, I worked at a nursery for visually impaired kids, and it was a way for them to learn how heat works through texture without having to rely on eye-sight. I suddenly remembered it while I was writing this and I thought I'd include it because, well. Reasons.
is that supposed to mean?” Dean demanded. “Of course I care about him! He knows what – and you know it to. Maybe you got out on the wrong side of bed this morning – or, I don’t know, whatever the angel equivalent is, whatever it is that puts you in a generally pissy mood - and that’s why you’ve decided to be all huffy with me; fine. Be like that, if you want. But don’t you
Jack just shrugged, going back to the comic he was reading. Cas was watching him carefully, but didn’t say anything.
“Cas -” Jack started; but Cas just swept him further along the hall, face set. “Go to your room,” he said; he put his hand on Jack’s arm, his voice softening just a tad; then he turned round and strode back to the kitchen, purposeful as ever.
Dean’s face was still cold, neutral, and Jack felt his heart sink. This wasn’t how it was supposed to be, it wasn’t how he’d imagined…
“It wasn’t,” said Jack. “I just thought they sounded fun. I can say them really quickly now, listen! How-much-wood-would-a-” He stopped, guiltily, when it suddenly occurred to him that Dean and Cas
“That is one clear advantage that angels have over bears,” said Cas. “Not the most obvious one you’d think of, perhaps, but it’s certainly useful.”
It was starting to feel more like Jack’s home, too. He’d become so used to feeling like a burden – like an unwelcome guest who had to earn his right to be there, his right to even exist. It had been such a familiar feeling, a heavy knot that had lain deep inside him for almost the entirity of his four years of existence.
But Dean must have picked up the despondant tone of his voice, because he quickly shook his head. “No, no – it’s fine. It’s just – that’s kind of a loaded question, Jack. It’s… it’s complicated.”
“What?” Dean paused, confused, as if racking his brain. “You mean what I said about… him taking after his father? All right, I’ll admit, maybe I went a bit far. But Jack can’t go on like that. I mean, who knows what stunt he’ll pull next? He’s -”
There was a sudden CRASH and the whole pan exploded: oranges, water and all. The water splattered all over the room, sizzling like mad. The oranges exploded into pithy bits, landing all over the kitchen. And the metal of the pan, it went disintegrated – some of it melting into a goop all over the oven, some bits of it flying through the kitchen to land on different surfaces, cupboards, tables and all, sticking there like chewing gum.
“It wasn’t because of you,” said Dean. “It was… it was me. I’m just not quite the person he –” He stopped himself. “But that’s got nothing to do with you.”
“Quality time” had become one of Cas’s new catchphrases over the past few days. He’d learnt the term from one of Dean’s parenting articles. Dean was starting to regret having shown them to Cas – he was taking a rather
Dean was giving Jack a strange look. It was almost, he thought, like the way Cas sometimes watched Jack, when he was just going round doing one of his things – reading, or baking, or talking to Miracle the dog, or the bees. It was almost affectionate.
sound a bit more cheerful about it,” he said. “That was another hour-long drive there and back! – Not that I minded, really,” he added quickly. “It was nice, taking Baby out for a spin again. I don’t get out as much now we’ve retired from hunting. But, you know. A lot of petrol. All for one jar of marmalade for you.”
“I can clean up now!” said Jack. “Like I said I would. Now that it’s morning.” He had a sudden vision of getting it all done before the others even woke up – of Dean coming into the kitchen and seeing it all tidy and sparkling, as if Jack had never done any damage at all. The thought of it made him brighten.
It was Dean. His eyebrows shot sky-high when he saw it just floating there, but, surpisingly, he didn’t comment. “Hey, Jack,” he said. “So, Cas kind of… got this idea in his head that we should set up one of those bee-keeping hive things outside the bunker. Won’t shut up about it, actually. I blame Rowena – she
“He won’t,” said Cas, sounding absolutely convinced. “Dean’s a good person. He’ll get that it was an accident, that you didn’t mean any harm. And he
Cas had started cluttering up the place with his own little trinkets. He’d go out to second-hand shops and bring home some sort of strange object – “They were going to throw this out!” he’d say, holding up a rusty victorian shoe-cleaner or hauling in a grandfather clock with all the insides missing. Once it was just a creepy stuffed dead owl with an angry face. He insisted on putting it right opposite his and Dean’s bed, where it just happened to be the first thing they saw every morning.
“I told you,” said Dean. “It’s nothing. It cost me less than 2 dollars. I’ll pick you up another one on the way to get Cas’s dumb bee stuff.”
“Yeah, well, Cas is good at that,” said Dean. “He absolutely dotes on you. Always has done. Since before you were even born, I’m pretty sure.”
For a moment, Dean just looked at him. Jack stood still, dreading what he was going to say. Then, he felt Cas squeezing his arm again, comfortingly and protectively. He looked up, and saw that Cas was staring right back at Dean. It looked suspiciously like a Paddington Bear Hard Stare.
But that clot was still in his throat; that heavy feeling deep in his stomach. Because he knew, really, that Dean hadn’t forgiven him; that he hadn’t changed his mind, from what he’d said the day before. He might be playing nice again, for Cas, but he still didn’t…
have told you off, just a bit – because I’m not having you risk accidentally injuring yourself, not on my watch. But I shouldn’t have said the things I did. I shouldn’t have hurt you like that.” He paused, then added, “Cas was absolutely right, there. He usually is.”
“Damn right I’m angry!” Dean interrupted. He turned to Jack. “Look at the state of the kitchen. Can we not even leave you alone for two seconds without you causing some kind of chaos?”
But before he did, he turned to Jack; looked right at him, his face serious. “I really am sorry,” he said. Then he turned round and walked out of the kitchen.
Jack started to feel slightly panicked. But it was fine. What he didn’t understand, he’d make up as he went along. He started to boil some water – he knew how to do that, you had to put the flame on really, really high so the water could get hot. Even with the oven on, it seemed to be taking ages though – and the recipe said you had to boil the oranges for a whole hour! He hadn’t thought it would take that long, and there were loads more steps afterwards. It would get really boring, all that waiting.
They divided up the tasks. Cas washed all the jars. He was very diligent about it. Dean insisted on doing all the chopping up (“I literally used to be God!” Jack insisted again, just in case it was because Dean didn’t trust him around knives (which would be stupid, considering all the monsters he’d fought before); “You’re four,” Dean retorted). But it was Jack who boiled the oranges in the pan – properly, this time.
“Jack, I…” Dean trailed off, as if at a loss for words. “Jack, I’m really sorry if I’ve ever made you think that. Of
It was past eight by now, and soon Sam came into the kitchen, looking bleary-eyed and slightly moody. It didn’t seem like he’d had much sleep either.
Jack had just taken it down and was absentmindedly tossing it between his hands like a juggling ball (with a bit of help from his angel powers) when the door suddenly opened. Startled, Jack looked up – the jar floated, suspended, in mid-air.
Jack paused in the hall, dithering. He knew he should do what Cas said. He knew it wouldn’t do him good to listen. But at the same time, he still felt so irate, his heart beating too quickly. He knew he wouldn’t be able to relax. He wanted to know what Dean would say, if he was really that mad at Jack, if he…
In the end, all three of them made the marmalade together. They did it while Sam and Eileen were out, so that it would be a surprise for them. Dean let Jack use his extra-special secret cupboard to hide all the supplies.
Then they carried it through to the main room where Cas and Claire were, and Jack made everyone try some. And, even though it really
“Anyway, I guess it paid off in the end,” said Dean. “Not that reciting exorcisms to demon bees was probably
“That was a good movie,” said Cas as the credits rolled, and Jack couldn’t help beaming, because Cas genuinely seemed to mean it.
warm – he could probably use his powers to stop the water from burning him, if he really wanted. But before he had chance to even think about doing so, Dean was back, tapping at his arm.
“Do you think the Browns ever really properly accepted Paddington?” Jack asked. “I know that at the end of the movie they let him stay with them, and everyone’s happy, but… do you think it was real?”
“We both did it together,” said Jack. He didn’t feel like he deserved all the credit. “And Dean… Dean did a lot too.”
Jack felt his heart sink. “I know,” he said. “It would be a disaster. I just thought it looked like fun when Paddington Bear did it. But it would be a bad idea. I can’t cook. And I’m not a bear.”
“I don’t think I’m giving either of them a run for their money,” said Jack. “Look.” The rolling of the swiss roll hadn’t gone particularly well; it was all cracked, and looked more like a messy stack of crumbled chocolate sponge, jam spilling out of the edges.
It was about all the many different things that had built up in Jack’s four short years on the planet. And the thick shadow that had slowly been formed, hanging between them.
Jack gave another slightly uncertain nod. With Cas, that was easy to believe, easy to accept – and it was nice to have that knowledge, to realise that, actually, he’d always had it. He’d taken it for granted, really – and maybe that was a good thing, that he’d
“What?” Dean sounded shocked. “Cas, I – he wrecked the whole kitchen! I mean, look at the state of it – he needs to learn that he can’t just do things like that.”
Jack looked up at him very cautiously. “It wouldn’t be a good idea,” he said. “It ended so badly last time. I’m not like Paddington Bear. I don’t know how to cook – not at all.”
– no-one else’s. And I thought you knew that; I thought you agreed. I thought… I thought better of you, Dean. But perhaps that was a mistake.”
“Do you think we can get it all back to how it was?” Jack asked hopefully, as they walked over to the kitchen.
He seemed to be directing the question mostly at Cas; but Cas didn’t answer. Instead, he looked to Jack. He was taking his lead, Jack suddenly realised. Seeing how Jack felt before he decided whether to make up with Dean.
There were times, now, more and more often. When he caught a glimpse of Cas’s fond eyes watching him. When Dean announced that he was taking him out on a surprise outing, just the two of them. When Jack got stung trying too hard to make friends with the bees, and Cas spent hours helping him to dig out the stings, so gently it almost didn’t hurt anymore. When a woman at the grocery store swore at Jack one day because he was spending too long dithering, and Dean yelled at her so furiously that Sam hid in another aisle and pretended he didn’t know him. Or in the evenings when one of them, one of his dads, would open Jack’s bedroom door just a crack, just to peer in and make sure he was okay. There were times like that, more and more often, when Jack would feel that knot inside him loosen slightly.
of practise,” said Dean. “I mean, I get wanting to perfect a skill – but this was getting a bit obsessive.”
“It won’t matter,” said Dean. “Or, you know – we’ll deal with it. This time, whatever goes wrong, it’ll be down to
I'm really sorry I took so long to update this! I know I said I was going to post the next chapter last Wednesday - what happened was, I reread the draft and I suddenly realised there was a lot I didn't like about how I'd framed stuff, and then it took me forever to try to edit it so I was at least reasonably happy. Anyway, here we finally are! This chapter was definitely my favourite one to write and least favourite one to edit!
“And,” Dean added. “If it does go wrong – even if the whole kitchen burns down, and, I don’t know, we somehow accidentally open some secret ancient locked-away portal, and unleash some evil force, and unlock a brand new apocalypse… even if it goes as bad as it could possibly go, do you know what?”
“You’ve got better things to do,” said Jack. “It takes ages – the recipe says. That’s why I tried to use my angel powers – I wanted it to be quicker. And you need all sorts of things – oranges and sugar, and jam jars… and you, you threw them all away.”
Suddenly, there was the sound of footsteps from the other end of the hall. Jack looked around, trying to find somewhere to hide – but there was nowhere he could really go apart from the kitchen, and that didn’t seem like a particularly great idea right now. So he backed away, trying to make it look
right. I can’t do what I’m told. I can’t stop causing damage, and making everything horrible, and that’s…” He paused, let out a large, juddering breath. “That’s why you hate me,” he finished, quietly.
Anyway, it was time to add the oranges. He dumped them in; flinched as some of the water splashed out of the pan, sizzling slightly – it really was hot. But it was fine.
Once again, I'm REALLY sorry this took so long for me to post! I didn't have that much left to write, but I'm really bad at at actually finishing fics. So I hope you forgive me if the ending's a bit clunky and enjoy this anyway!
“Well, I can help you with that,” said Cas. “We’ll wait till tomorrow though,” he added conspiratorially. “Leave Dean to calm down a bit. Think about his
“We still are friends,” said Cas. “And I think we always will be. We’ve been through a lot together. So we’re allowed to call one another out sometimes when we thing the other one is being unreasonable.”
idea to make a potion – helps himself to some of the weird Men of Letters crap we’ve got lying around in the bunker? We don’t know what he’s capable of.”
