“Sherlock,” John starts, taking a deep breath and a few steps towards him until there’s barely any space left between them.
me or something. But that is utter shite, alright. You don’t owe the world anything. And you don’t owe me anything. You were fourteen when I left, for God’s sake. I was much better off out of that house and I bet Dad and you were, too.”
And just like that, Sherlock Holmes ceased to exist. He was annihilated, obliterated, torn apart by the sheer force of his own emotion. A blindingly incandescent wave of bliss rushed through him, explosive and deadly, disintegrating the molecular bonds of his being. It took only a second to burst his body into his elements, splattering them all over the bedroom in bits of smoke and dust. His atoms weren’t his own anymore, maybe never had been; borrowed only from some creational force, for a mere blink of an eye, and now Sherlock had to give them back, had to pay the price for such devastating happiness life had finally offered him.
He looks up at John who’s getting rid of his last bit of clothing.
“I’m so grateful for everything you’ve done for me, I really am; for giving me Rosie, for finding me in my darkest hour and bringing a little light and normality and security into my life again. But if you knew me as well as I suspect you did, then you know that I never belonged to you, not really. You have seen it, the truth that I took so long to accept. And I really hope you know that it doesn’t invalidate anything that was between us. I loved you, God knows I did, just not with all the love I am capable of. And you loved me, I know you did. Although I didn’t deserve it. I’ve never been completely honest with you, didn’t show you all of me. If you can see me now: This is who I am. I want Rosie to grow up with my real self. I want the people I love to see me like this. So, take a good look, wherever you are now. And tell me, you’ll forgive me. Give me your blessing to move on.”
I didn't want the boys (or you) to get blue balls so the remaining events of the night are only one click away ;)
“What?”
Yes, it’s as Mrs Hudson has said: Marriage changes people.
“She’s safe, don’t worry,” John said, inching his way closer to him.
“Yes.”
Ed Sheeran, Hearts Don’t Break Around Here.
When John is least worthy to see him so open and trusting.
The next second, Sherlock wriggles under his fingers. The indignant shrug he uses to get rid of Greg’s arm is accompanied by a haughty, albeit somewhat slurred speech about alcohol, independence, and the offensiveness of unnecessary and outdated chivalry. Several people slow down and listen curiously.
The addressed makes a few hurried steps towards Baker Street, promptly stumbling over his own feet. He holds on to a lamppost, visibly dizzy. A few passers-by give him concerned looks.
“Me too,” Sherlock sighed, tearing at his hair. But where?
“Are you serious?”
It took a second for his eyes to adjust, to take in the whole scene that unfolded before him. There in the middle of his bedroom was John, surrounded by dozens upon dozens of burning candles and small lamps, collected from all over the flat, a shy smile fluttering over his lips as he turned to Sherlock. Even amidst the golden light from uncountable sources, he seemed to glow the brightest, his radiance illuminating every single dark corner of Sherlock’s mind. Maybe he had already collapsed, Sherlock thought, body giving out somewhere on the pavement, and this was John, the archangel, greeting him in heaven.
“My God, Sherlock, I thought we had sorted this out: You need to eat. I really can’t leave you alone, can I?”
“I’ve known since you jumped for him,” she said lowly and a sad smile flickered over her lips. Greg shifted in his seat and placed his hand tenderly on Molly’s thigh.
His resolve survives the last bit of some BBC series on the telly and the evening news as well as another helping of lasagne (
“Are you kidding? That was absolutely fantastic. I thought how completely knocked out I was afterwards—or the breakfast I’m preparing—would convey that effectively.”
“Don’t worry. I bet, Sherlock’s gonna crack this in less than a day,” he said encouragingly.
Wrapped up tightly in the thick fabric, he steps out. His nausea returns with renewed fervour and John has to steady himself on the vanity and heave another deep breath.
There’s something thin and hard inside. “A CD?”
The guests toast them enthusiastically and Sherlock feels his throat tightening up, overwhelmed by all the love surrounding him.
When he turned back around, John had gone pale, his mouth slightly agape and his eyes fixed on a point to Sherlock’s right, carefully avoiding his gaze. He could not even stand to look at Sherlock anymore, could not even muster the decency to
Initially, Sherlock had been determined to stay up all night in order to avoid the nightmares. According to Mrs. Hudson’s insistent assertions, his screams never failed to reach her flat, so, they would most certainly wake John and Rosie sleeping in closer proximity. He had retreated to his room to give John some peace and quiet, lain on his bed and wandered around in his mind palace to keep himself occupied for a few hours. His plan hadn’t quite worked as anticipated. Sherlock scolded himself for his lack of self-control. His transport had betrayed him once more and fallen asleep without his permission. And now John knew.
This Chapter's song is:
Sherlock raised his head in defiance. “That’s a risk I’m more than willing to take, Mycroft.”
John consulted the wine list and chose a Pino Gris. Having written down their orders, Angelo gave them a fatherly nod and turned to leave for the kitchen. He would prepare their meals himself as he did every time despite John and Sherlock’s constant reassurance that it wasn’t necessary.
He hisses out an angry breath at the thought.
“Yes. Do you like it?”
“And you… watched it?”
“I’m supposed to ridicule John to a certain extent, aren’t I? It’s part of the fun.”
Sherlock stares at him, brows drawn over his eyes like a pair of irritated caterpillars. Greg might’ve laughed at his bewildered expression if his blood wasn’t still fuming underneath his skin.
“I like it, too. It’s a good song,” John approved and gave Sherlock a warm smile that calmed his nerves. It was one of the puzzling talents of John Watson; When Sherlock’s mind was tearing at him, galloping in a thousand different directions, John could steady him. With a single smile, one softly spoken word, one firm but tender hand on his shoulder, John Watson could anchor him even in the greatest of storms. He was solid and constant and safe.
John noted down the times, the names of the other couples, and the address of the restaurant. Again, he silently obtained Sherlock’s approval before he broached the next subject: “Mrs. Beaumont, I believe you found Jason. Could you describe the course of events for us?”
He’s plunged into the depths of Sherlock’s emotions, swirled up like the sand close to the shore.
“Oh honey, it’s all good. You’re just so incredibly… cute.”
It wasn’t that John didn’t like the feeling of Sherlock’s body heat slowly seeping through the sheets into his own skin—quite the contrary. It had something dangerously addictive about it, being gently enveloped by Sherlock’s scent and sound. Soon, John found a peculiar feeling of loss blooming in his chest when he was deprived of the other man’s warmth next to him.
The genuine conviction in his voice made John’s heart collapse in on itself. If Sherlock only knew what was going on in his head at the sight of him, what the wild animals inside of him wanted to do with him,
Sherlock climbed half on top of him, nothing but a hungry mouth and skillful fingers, deepening the kiss even further until both their heartbeats were racing in unison and their breath came in synchronized panting. John’s inner beast was rattling at its cage in ravenous hunger, last night’s feeding already forgotten. The bars wouldn’t stand its frenzy much longer.
“It’s part of the job.”
?” John murmured back, his mind already slowed down by imminent sleep.
A song he has specifically recorded for this purpose.
Sherlock.
This was nice, he guessed. John had seen that he was hurting and was now trying to comfort him, in this admittedly strange but sweet way.
Sherlock hesitates for a beat before he abandons his stubborn stance. The anger dripping from his face gives way to a weary expression. “Alright.”
They had said it before. Never like that, never directly. They had squeezed Mary into the space between them as a buffer, used her to make stating it easier, this ancient truth engraved in their bones: Sherlock Holmes loved John Watson. John Watson loved Sherlock Holmes. Or he once had. Before everything had been twisted and broken between them.
How do ordinary people do this? Live on with a broken heart, get over it?
Faces with varying expressions of worry, confusion, and intrigue turned towards them—and a few meters ahead, a dark figure was startled and began shoving people aside in a desperate attempt to get away. A woman stumbled into her friends as he pushed her and let out a cry.
“Just… collecting data. A fascinating multiplicity of data.”
John sits down on the unmade bed, his second shoe still in hand, and exhales fiercely.
“And there’s Jason in that giant house with all these riches lying around, so Cal decides to nick a thing or two. They won’t even notice. Until he got too careless and took the ring and Jason found out. They fight, the ring gets lost when Jason collapses, and Cal panics. He has priors and just stolen a 1.6-carat diamond ring, from the Police Super Intendent’s wife of all people.
“Jesus, Sherlock, what happened?!” she exclaimed, her eyes wide with worry. “Come in already. And calm down, dear God. Tell me what’s wrong.”
Although the version of John waiting for him on the silken sheets was entirely governed by Sherlock’s imagination, he had a way of defying this special purpose. The flinders of real sensations—John’s hand on his arm, his scent, his voice—that Sherlock collected and tried to assemble into a functioning illusion kept falling apart as soon as he let go, no matter how hard he concentrated. There were just too many blank spaces in between, missing data, unknown details—and no way to fill them. Until now.
“Sherlock?” Mary asks with raised brows and John’s stomach drops. The name alone seems to be enough to short his nervous system.
The grip of Sherlock’s fingers around the remote loosens a little.
“I don’t want to lose you either,” Sherlock said exhaustedly, his fingers crawling up John’s wrist and tugging at his sleeve to tighten the hug. “I love you so much, John.”
“New Scotland Yard, please,” he told the cabbie before turning towards John and taking his hand. “For once,” he confessed as his thumb rubbed intricate patterns into John’s skin, “I’d much rather go home—on-going case or not.”
“But what if they’re… what if they’re a problem child? God knows, I was,” Sherlock mused, his voice growing more worried with every word. “What if they didn’t speak or only cried or couldn’t make any friends? What if everyone thought they were a freak, just like their father? Why would you want to risk having a child like this?”
“Do you still work at that shop then?”
Everything else drowned out. There were only Sherlock and the beast—the pack—that was John, hunting him down, frenzied by his scent and movement. Sherlock didn’t stand a chance.
The detective smiled shyly, not quite sure how he had escaped a scolding. “Thank you, Sir.”
“But they can wait till tomorrow, can’t they?” Sherlock kept complaining and began to place soft, teasing kisses up his neck. John felt goosebumps spread over his skin as Sherlock nibbled at his earlobe, a sigh working its way out of his lungs instead of a reply.
Hello everyone :)
is right. Now, could you please take it down?” John more demanded than asked, turning away before he changed his mind. Why did Sherlock always have to do things like these?
Tingling with excess energy, John felt himself being drawn to the bathroom. He grabbed the baby monitor and headed down the hall. The water was still running as he knocked and Sherlock invited him in.
“John, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to make you sad. I shouldn’t have—,” he frantically began to apologize but John interrupted him by rising up on his knees and pulling him and Rosie into a tight embrace until he shut up.
“His name is Rutherford but okay.”
“I’ve looked at your file and estimate that you’ll be completely fine again in less than a month. We’ll have to regularly change your bandages and keep an eye out for any unusual drainage or redness and—”
“What?” asked Sherlock in the irritated tone that always shone through when the conversation took a different turn than anticipated.
As the dance ends and Sherlock starts off the actual party, he pledges his support and love to the newly-weds. Greg privately congratulates him for his endurance and dignity. He has neither started any drama (well, at least not what Greg feared) nor behaved like a completely inconsiderate dick. Greg is proud of him, very much so. And he’s impressed. His love for John must run deep to make Sherlock capable of this much social interaction. And his façade hasn’t slipped an inch. If Greg hadn’t witnessed his confession yesterday, he never would have guessed.
“For once, you usually don’t say
The Sherlock on the screen begins to speak, his voice earnest and steady. “John, you know I’m neither particularly skilled nor experienced when revealing my emotions. Victor Hugo once said
For some reason, the answer disheartens John more than any prank or scheme could have.
What was it about this man that made him lose control like that?
And he and Sherlock will just have to find other arrangements.
“Happy Birthday, brother mine.”
As he is half-way up the stairs, the music ebbs away and he hears Rosie’s high, demanding voice: “Now sing your song, Sher!” Her talent for bossing people around would do a real princess honour.
John inspects it closely but then can’t stand to hold it a second longer.
Sherlock pushes the thought aside as best he can, clinging to this last resort with desperate determination.
On his next attempt, he let the phone ring for almost a minute before he gave up and sent yet another text, trying to sound as worried as he really was.
(See the end of the chapter for
“To move back in,” he says. “To try this. Because I love you too, in every way imaginable.”
Then, he hears the front door open again.
“So, you guys are together now?” Harry asked through the snicker that still refused to ebb away.
Rosie is rolling around in her crib, crying at the top of her lungs, as John enters the nursery. He reaches down and hoists her into his arms, his fatherly instincts overriding the torrent of thoughts rushing through his head. Rosie bawls into his ear and John gently bounces and swings her, hastily going through his mental checklist.
Sherlock’s stomach slides down the armchair cushion and, for a moment, he knows John can see the horror painted on his features. “He—he gave it to you?”
Sorry you had to wait for the conclusion of this story. This monstrosity of a chapter put up quite a fight and ended up being as long as I originally planned this whole fic to be--hope you don't mind. On another note, you'll find that I divert from canon after The Sign of Three, so the whole Magnussen bit (and Janine, the shot etc.) is missing. Because, let's be honest, John and Sherlock can cook up enough drama on their own :)
“I know what you're trying to do.” John smiled to himself. He really liked Sherlock's attitude, despite what the boy might think.
“It would seem so. Although my tailor probably wouldn't make a lot of sense. Give me three weeks and I've outgrown the next lot.”
He grabbed his violin case and lowered himself into his armchair with a small huff. Weighing the case in his hands for a moment, Sherlock thought about the talks John would want to have now that he was out of the hospital. But he'd likely wait until after his appointment with the omega specialist – all uncertainties out of the way.
Suddenly and without any clear context, John spoke. “I'm sorry, if I made you feel trapped or even useless. You are nothing like that and I don't have the right to do either to you. I'm just trying to keep you safe..”
Sherlock grinned at the absurdity. “Like a.. a perfect match? Isn't that a little..
John looked hurt, he
Sherlock hummed in acceptance, but only looked back up as John had turned his back. His gaze lingering on the phantom of an old shirt and loose boxers until movement in the corner of his vision made him look back to Rosie, struggling to lift her bottle to her mouth. He reached over and tipped it for her, her tiny hands steadying it as he provided the muscle power. She suckled and he looked back at his sample. When she pulled back, he let her guide his blind hand back to set the bottle on the tray again.
Another thing that amazed Sherlock: John was everyone's idea of an ordinary guy with normal views and opinions. Everyone, including himself, underestimated John. John didn't, of course, the man was very well aware of his strengths and weaknesses. And, actually, John was rather unsocial. He disliked most people for their obviousness and simplicity. Most people on the police force, for example, fit that pattern. He didn't want to chat about sports and sex all the time because that was all he knew. Mostly, John liked to not talk at all. He liked to listen to whatever people wanted to tell him, but preferably deep topics, preferably Sherlock showing off – as much as he liked to deny it.
The younger man rubbed both hands down his face. “I don't want you to move out.” he finally admitted and John was taken aback.
For some minutes, their calming breaths were all that was to be heard in the room.
“But I thought-”
“Because, John, I'm not in the position to fight anymore and so you will have to take my place!” the detective said in an annoyed manner.
“I'm not going to chase people around London for a while and John wants to do his best to support me.” Sherlock answered triumphantly, knowing fully well Mycroft knew he knew. It was their sibling bond.
PS: let me just advertise my new-ish tumblr again. It can be found on my profile (actually that's about all you can find there), but, idk, I'm tired. I'm seeing Martin Freeman's face in every actor that doesn't even remotely look like him..
Sherlock's answer was his 'could you be more stupid' look. “He was obviously referring to your pheromones nearly drowning us all.”
“Right, so! I am happy to bring you good news: You haven't miscarried. What
Sherlock's eyes jumped around, looking for something to deduce, something that would distract him and he knew how obvious it made his uneasiness, he knew John knew.
John answered with a heavy sigh. “I'm so sorry, Mycroft, that was so not on.. I'm just so tired and riled up... I needed to blame someone else.. But after all,
John pushed inside him quickly and used the advantage that angle was giving him to aim for his partner's prostate, trying to make this as quick as possible for the other. He was keeping his mouth by Sherlock's neck, teasing his gland over and over again to prepare it for a bite. “We don't need bloody Alphas!” he whispered poisonously, nibbling on the sensitive flesh before him.
“Oh, come on then, I'll help you.” John said, shifting, but Sherlock held him down, pinned with his own upper half.
“Sherlock is already promised to another Alpha. The contracts have been signed, the lady has paid up, his ceremony is
John left his room to get another coffee, his eyelids heavy as fuck, but he couldn't sleep now, not on duty. Besides, Greg could call him any minute.
, just as you
“Now and then, yes.” Sherlock smirked, however, like it was a game to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, I won't tell you.” John replied dismissively. He felt bad, yes, but not for disobeying – without his knowing at that – but for being utterly useless. He was in his third trimester, he'd been here for nearly two months and so far all he had done was sit around, waddle around, be in Sherlock's way like an untrained dog that didn't know what was going on around him.
Sherlock leant into the caress on his cheekbone, turning his head so he could kiss the palm. He angled so that he could take a small sniff from John's wrist, were his calm scent was strong. Another peck was planted to the doctor's thumb and he whispered a “let's go” before he opened his eyes again and resumed his position next to his mate. John happily looped his arm around Sherlock's waist, setting their pace back up.
“It's still seven month to go, Mummy, I'm only eight weeks along.” Sherlock muttered in annoyance.
So, no bite. That, at least was good.
“That is actually not that far off, John, good!” Sherlock complimented with a strange look of pride. He loved it when John was being clever, even if that meant that he just didn't exaggerate.
“No, that's- that's alright. Are you-?”
“Whether or not John stays is his choice, not mine. Though, I would advice against him moving out. He'd have a hard enough time to establish himself out there on his own, let alone with five toddlers. Society is very slow catching up.”
“Yes,” was the simple response John had required. Suddenly he seemed awake and alive again as stretched over him, enveloped Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him with something that felt like infinite relief. And Sherlock kissed back.
“Sherlock, please.”
Shortly after followed a knock at their door and a chirpy “huhu!” and Mrs. Hudson's heels clicking over the dark wood. “Oh, are you two alright?” she asked in the direction of the kitchen.
“It is not your choice to make.”
“Well, we both enjoy me being pregnant.” the Omega answered as if that explained everything, which, to him, it did.
A sharp shiver ran down his spine.
“I know, love. I understand.” the Alpha replied warmly, taking his hand with a fond smile. “Well, go on, then.” he asked and continued to listen to Sherlock's ideas.
They were all aware of his condition. Nobody knew what exactly was going on, but they all sensed and smelled the deep unrest in him and had stopped trying to talk him into going home. He had been put on 'early paternity leave' and wasn't strictly allowed to come in to work now, but he just didn't seem to comprehend that. They had simply taken his patients from him and let him sit in his office to while away the hours in safety and warmth. It seemed the lesser evil.
“Anything, really. Anything and you!” he said in his lowest pitch, which John gave a deep growl to.
“Could it be that you decided to trust Sherlock of all people?”
It was maddening how easily he was distracted these days. He was physically begging for sex at least four times a day!
“It's obvious.” he replied, but said nothing more. He loved being a tease like that and John knew that so he didn't ask. They just lay their, holding each other, kissing gently, John's hand on his belly constantly and his own hand joined in a protective caress that soothed both their nerves, eased their minds. It was stupid, but having something to touch strengthened the belief in something going right.
“Surely you already know, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock drew back to throw him a disbelieving look. He searched John's face for lies and false promises. He didn't find them. “You'd do that for me?”
They turned back to look at each other, daring one another to give in, but they knew they were both as thick-headed as the other. God, did they know. That meant no more hot chocolate for them that evening, unless..
John threw him a glance, a specific one and Sherlock was familiar with its meaning. “At least stay conscious for a couple of minutes. I think we should take a walk.”
“Is your wife at home by any chance?” Sherlock asked.
He stretched, popped a few joints and didn't care a toss about how much it made the mattress move. Sherlock hadn't thought of drawing the curtains closed last night either, so he may as well get his fair share. To be fair, he couldn't really blame the man – last night's errands had been really... pressing. Against their zips and flies.
There was one shop in relatively close proximity to their flat, because Sherlock wanted the exercise of walking rather than taking a cab, that sold maternity clothing. Sherlock entered and wanted to turn right back around. It was all flowery and puffy and bright, pale colours. But he would have to come here eventually anyway as there would come a time not even the biggest shirts and trousers he could find around here would be a comfortable fit any more with the way his body was shaping. He threw the young shop assistant approaching with a big smile a glare and she immediately busied herself with something else. He scanned the shop to determine a pattern that would guide him to where he'd have to look and found that they organised by approximate-sizes-per-month. Who ever would need maternity clothes before they reached three months was beyond him, but they wouldn't be there if they didn't get sold, he supposed. He went to have a look at the four-months-section, starting at the smaller sizes, as he was right in the middle at the moment, and stopping at the smaller five-months sizes – everything else looked just barely bigger than the clothes he was wearing right now; some of John's wider clothing he hadn't worn since before he'd joined the army and which were already quite snug on Sherlock's hips. He frowned. Calculating for how long he could continue to wear his mates old clothes until he'd have to wear new ones was difficult with something as random and indeterminable as a pregnancy, especially one with multiples. Any day now the could start growing like the numbers of a well-fed bacteria colony and then he'd be buying clothes every day until the spurt settled down to give way for another possible one. A frustrated sigh escaped him as his left hand supported his back, out of reflex rather than actual need, and his right hand reached up to cup his forming belly. He'd had a couple of conversations with John about how different their perception of weight and body shape was. While John always looked fine to Sherlock, the Omega had been freaking out himself as his concave belly had started to first soften and then even flatten out. Everyone else had declared him 'looking healthy' while he was dreading to become fat and flabby. Now he was actually beginning to enter the convex side of life, and while he felt unmanageably happy and content with being pregnant – a state he'd dreamed about since he'd been a little boy and given up on when he didn't present even in his late teens –
John opened his eyes again, their blue mixing with the lights around them to a captivating mélange of colour. There was nothing clouding their burning stare that drilled into Sherlock’s innermost being, as he sang once more, not exaggerated but desperately earnest: “
But John didn’t want to fall asleep. Not yet. Not while the sensation of having Sherlock pressed against him, skin to skin, was still fresh and vivid, with crisp, shining edges that made his heart ache in overwhelming happiness. If he was lucky, soon enough their touches would lose this feeling of novelty and instead gain a reassuring, homely quality. But for now, John wanted to soak up as much of this pleasant giddiness that came with Sherlock’s naked form against his.
This next chapter was inspired by real events :D
Like a parasite, guilt is constantly gnawing on his insides, spoiling his appetite and robbing him of his sleep.
When they finally broke the kiss, both gasping for air, Sherlock felt something wet creeping through his shoes and into his socks. He looked down to find a white puddle slowly spreading on the pavement.
Dido, Here with me.
Mrs Hudson can barely utter a confused “Bye, dear” before John hangs up and jumps out of bed. He’s got no time to lose.
“Sherlock, we can’t help if you don’t tell us,” Molly urged again, her lips curling in empathy.
Before Sherlock could do anything about it, the moment slipped from his hands to the ground and formed a dark-coloured mark on the freshly-fallen snow around their feet. He let their fingers part, at least on one hand, and they resumed their way to Baker Street with sped-up steps. Regret pecked at his insides like a crow looking for the best bites. Why did he have to ruin this perfect opportunity?
“Of course, dear. If you need anything let me know.”
Hello everyone :)
Sherlock rolled his eyes and nodded, chest heaving in heavy breathing.
John shot him a quick glance that shone with such genuine embarrassment and surprise that Sherlock was convinced John hadn’t been fully aware of his slip. “Oh. Sorry. I’ll stop.”
There was an alarming number of people at Lestrade’s—
When they entered 221B, Sherlock still rolled the situation over in his mind. The acute sting he felt every time he saw John paying this kind of attention to someone else had not yet vanished and he stomped up the stairs to their flat a little more violently than necessary. John followed him with Rosie on his arm whose cheeks were flushed from the cold January air. She leaned her head against her father’s shoulder and gave a small exhausted sigh, all but falling asleep.
“Why did you go today?”
“No, thank you,” John politely reclined for them both and opened his notebook. “We’re both terribly sorry for your loss and will do our best to assist in the investigation. If you’d be able to answer some questions…”
Neither of them said another word until they passed the red awning of Speedy’s, already covered in a thin layer of snow. Sherlock gathered his courage.
This chapter's song is:
“Every word.”
“Sherly?”
Hello :)
Katie smiled at him again and they began to chat about working with Lestrade in London. Her voice was now clearly traced with regret and a little envy. John silently surmised that she probably would rather have stayed in the city instead of moving to the countryside.
, then.” John pressed play and settled himself comfortably next to Sherlock on the sofa. “Haven’t seen that one, either. Or any Christmas movie that came out later than the 90s, I think,” he chuckled and offered Sherlock the bowl with nibbles. Against his expectations, Sherlock grabbed a handful and began to chew cheerfully. This man never ceased to surprise hem. The mere fact that Sherlock was sitting here with him, watching a movie, could be regarded as a classic Christmas miracle. And if that wasn’t one, the fact that he hadn’t thrown a temper tantrum as John had invited Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Greg, and Mycroft to their place for Christmas Day was definitely one. In hindsight, John was not quite sure if that had been one of his best ideas but at least that way the holidays would really feel authentic—including family drama and everything.
John raised his hands calmingly. “We’re not cops, Cal. We just wanted to find out what happened to Jason. And now we know that it was an accident, just an accident. You didn’t do anything wrong, we know that. We don’t want to hurt you. See, I’m putting down my gun. Let’s just talk, alright? Just the three of us. Tell us what exactly happened. Put down the gun and—”
“There were snipers, John, three of them. One for each of you. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, and you. Moriarty had everything arranged to make his story complete, to make me look like a fraud: Commit suicide or all your friends die. He even blew his own brains out to ensure the command couldn’t be taken back. Tell me, what would you have done?”
Mrs. Hudson clapped her hands together and all but squealed: “Oh, after all these years. I’m so happy for you!” Her voice regaining some of her usual motherly exasperation, she added: “I had almost given up on you, with all that talking about sociopaths and not being gay. But only an idiot could have missed how you were in love with each other.”
“Why’re you smiling?” Sherlock exclaimed, looking irrefutably miserable. “I can’t work cases like this. I’ll just endanger you and everyone working with us if my brain is malfunctioning. No, I can’t work like this. I can’t work like this, John.”
“It’s alright, Laney,” Donovan continued with the same gentle voice.
“You can’t show him, Sherlock,” Greg states gravely. His tongue feels heavy and bridles at forming the words.
He was content to just bath in John’s radiance every day, to soak up his warmth, and fight the demons of his past on his own. As long as John was by his side, Sherlock knew that he would emerge victorious.
Sherlock needs a safe place to spend the night before he does something irreversibly stupid. He heads out to find the one person whom he's always trusted, even at his lowest points.
A soft breeze rustled the roses on the ground and Rosie squeezed John’s hands with firm fingers. He couldn’t stop the shiver running down his spine as he lifted Rosie up and looked into her round cheerful face, so much like her mother’s. She would always be with them.
It just doesn’t seem enough.
He can’t be too late, not this time. He won’t ever forgive himself if something happens to him.
Sherlock snorted indignantly, his voice a poignant reflection of the hurt feelings that flooded his system: “And whose fault is that.” The words had slid off his tongue and dropped to the floor before he could catch them.
Somehow, Greg has the distinct impression that John is distraught.
Now they lay here, in their bed, snuggled up as tightly as humanly possible. And John didn’t want to fall asleep, even though his eyelids were made of lead and his thoughts crawling sluggishly through the deep mud of his tired brain, barely moving forward.
“I am fine. Just a little tired,” John assured him and squeezed his hand. There were still traces of John’s blood where it had crept up Sherlock’s shirt sleeves.
“He is really not in the condition to see anyone right now,” Mycroft reiterated, lowering his voice and head in an air of accusatory rigidness. “You promised me to look after him.”
“Tell him, we’re busy,” Sherlock replied and began to entertain Rosie with her favourite plush elephant.
In the depths of his chest, a mixture of worry, anger, and hurt begins to simmer.
Sherlock is alarmed. He has never seen John cry like this before, not trying to quell the tears, not trying to be brave and fight through it. He looks small and forlorn as his weeping fills the flat. And Sherlock has never loved him more.
Sherlock gently supported John with a steady arm around his shoulder, glancing at him every few steps. The shadows beneath his eyes shimmered lilac in the rising sun as they stepped outside. John could only imagine how tired he must be.
The next morning, Mary is feeling worse.
“And you didn’t deem it necessary to tell me about the theft before because—?”
Hello my dearest readers,
“But, John, I mean it.” Weren’t people supposed to be pleased by compliments?
“You need to talk to him. Sleep now and, in the morning, you guys can discuss this without all the anger and repressed emotions in the way. I’m sure that John never meant to hurt you like that. That’s not who he is. But you have to see things from his point of view: You confronted him with something life-changing, and you weren’t especially cautious or sensitive about it. He isn’t known to be incredibly in touch with his emotions so just give him a little time to process it. He’ll come around, I promise.” Greg’s fatherly grip fastened around Sherlock’s shoulder once more before he left the kitchen to help Molly set up the sofa.
“But what if I like it and you don’t and you ask me to stop because I’m hurting you but I just— can’t, won’t, and then you’ll never trust me again.”
“I love you. More than anyone has ever loved anyone else,” Sherlock replies and he’s never meant anything more in his entire life.
. And now even as his only source of income? John tried to fight down the doubt that threatened to tarnish the shimmering gem inside of him. He had given over so many parts of himself to Sherlock already. The renewed dependence he had developed suddenly seemed dangerous. Almost everything in his life, every good thing, every sense of structure and belonging came down to Sherlock. And he knew exactly how it felt when this cornerstone was taken away. His life had collapsed on him before. Wasn’t it stupid, even plain irresponsible, to give in to the same impulses again?
John owes Sherlock an apology, among other, less straightforward things. He needs to be a better man and this time he won’t rely on a hallucination of his dead wife to give Sherlock this promise.
“I know,” John says but Sherlock barely hears it.
Sherlock’s lips twitched sadly. “Mrs. Beaumont did notice though. She just didn’t say anything because she thought Jason had relapsed.”
“I love you.” John raised up on his toes and caught Sherlock’s lips in a slow kiss, drawing out his doubts, wringing the insecurity from him with each flick of his tongue. Slowly, the tension drained from his body only to be replaced by a renewed symphony of needy moans and heavy breathing.
(Once again, it is one of the songs that let an entire scene bloom in my head and sparked the idea for this whole confrontation)
“What?” Sherlock asked, flustered. Him playing games with people apart from Mycroft usually resulted in catastrophes.
It must’ve been one of the sober nights, then, when it first happened. He woke, the darkness of his old room he occupied once more pressing into his eyes like a blindfold, to find somebody next to him. Sherlock had silently sneaked into his bed, had crept under the covers without a word, without touching John or trying to wake him.
“Jaw—,” Rosie blubbered again, followed by a proud giggle. John kissed her stubby little hand and deeply inhaled the special scent of family surrounding him.
John caught a glimpse of the relieved and somewhat thankful smile illuminating Sherlock’s features before lips crashed to his own in a fervent kiss. The second they met, something cracked in John—an invisible dam that had been impounding water for the last couple of hours, now releasing it again with all of its might. Like an avalanche crashing over them and tearing down whatever stood in its way, John was no longer able to resist the gravitational pull of the man he loved. He needed to have him, right now. He needed to melt into Sherlock, to sink deeper and deeper, fully consume him. Oxygen wasn’t a necessity, Sherlock was. John would gladly let him saturate his bloodstream instead, grow dizzy with his presence in every cell, welcome the rapture of the deep.
. Could he still call it that? He quickly swallowed the worries sitting on his tongue and reminded himself to remain calm. All was not lost yet.
(God, I love this song, it's so beautiful.)
He’s stuck.
“Didn’t really have a choice with the weather and all.”
By now, it is flattened out completely, having been read at least twenty times already.
Why hadn’t he listened? Why did he never listen? Every time Sherlock
Oh God, they should’ve waited, taken things slowly, just cuddled or snogged for a start. This was all new to Sherlock. And it had been his bloody first time. Of course, he would take fright and escape as soon as he could, after all he had been through. Or maybe John had said or done something in his sleep, something terrible? Had he hurt him, again?
“Yes, you are. Throwing an 800 £ phone into the Thames just because you don’t want to talk to someone. That is textbook drama!”
Phew, this chapter cost me so much nerve, and I dare say that it is only the start of some real shit our boys have to work through :( But, of course, they'll make their way back to each other, rest assured! :)
“She—she wouldn’t tell me. Barely said a word at all… and she didn’t have any identification on her… err… no phone or anything. No one fitting her description in missing persons—”
“Yes, everything’s great actually,” John hastily reassures her. “I’m just calling to ask you for a tiny, little favour.” In hindsight, he could’ve been a little more considerate, John thinks as Mrs Hudson lets out an audible breath.
Being close to John had always been demanding for Sherlock, a challenge for his mind and body alike. Bearing his touch—ever too faint, too little, too platonic—was torture and yet something Sherlock wouldn’t renounce for all in the world. Too delicious were the surges of electricity that set his nerves alight wherever John’s body bordered on his. But now, there was a new meaning, a new depth in those formerly innocent brushes of limbs against limbs, skin against skin. And Sherlock wasn’t sure how he could ever handle that. His whole body already quivered with heat and an uncomfortable lightness that made him worry about fainting again. That couldn’t happen. Once had already entailed a level of embarrassment sufficient for the next decade or two.
Suddenly, the thought of packing up his and Rosie’s belongings without much ado and just showing up at 221B—a thought that has lifted him up the past hours with its enticing image—doesn’t seem to cut it anymore.
“I know, Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes. “I’m a bloody doctor. Nothing to worry about. Except for the bad impression it’s gonna make at the clinic. I mean, going on sick leave the same week I handed in my notice? Looks a bit strange but whatever.”
“That’s not your decision to make.”
) but Sherlock is determined not to give in. No matter how much the bloody device will threaten or entice him.
Lestrade has supplied him with a steady stream of cold cases. Although some of them consist mostly of appallingly sloppy paperwork (
“I’m going to put her down for a nap,” said John as he carefully peeled the toddler from her snowsuit and doffed his own jacket. Sherlock only responded with a hum, already stretched out on the sofa. When John came back fifteen minutes later, he hadn’t moved an inch. Sherlock’s mind still replayed their encounter with the woman on the street in excruciating detail over and over again. Anger and frustration sizzled in his guts, making him slightly nauseous.
John’s cheeks turned adorably pink at her words. “No need to worry, Mrs. H.,” he quickly interrupted, “a one-year-old makes for a great chaperon. We hardly get a minute to ourselves, Rosie keeps us on our toes.”
“Not the murder. I’ve seen my fair share of that. Who abuses a child like that and calls it love?” His voice trembled slightly and John’s heart all but broke at the sound. The sudden urge to hug Sherlock as tight as possible overwhelmed him. Without a second thought, he gave into it. Sherlock didn’t resist or draw back as John flung one of his arms around his waist and cupped his head with the other. Silently, Sherlock began to weep into John’s shoulder.
no other way. I had no other choice. And now everything’s ruined and it doesn’t matter anymore.” Cal curled in on himself, pressing both hands to his head. “It doesn’t matter anymore. Doesn’t matter.”
For a minute, both men remain silent, staring into their glasses.
–were so caught up in the idea that I’d just run off to another little adventure and just didn’t want
“But I like it, I really do,” Sherlock hastily added. “And I want to touch you, too. I just don’t think I would be any good at it.”
Sherlock blinked, the words taking an annoyingly long time to make sense. “Who?”
“I know, love. I’m sorry, too. We’ll have to take better care of each other from now on, okay? I couldn’t stand to lose you. Not now that we finally got our shit together, not ever actually.”
Over the next few rounds, Sherlock got the distinct impression that John’s statements were particularly aimed at making him drink. He never stated anything that would embarrass Sherlock all too much, never revealing anything about his ignorance concerning sex. But more often than not, Sherlock was the only one drinking when it was John’s turn. The other participants rarely managed to include Sherlock, although Marcus seemed eager to try, growing visibly confused with every added piece of information—or rather lack thereof.
But then the Sherlock on the screen reaches over and grabs… a guitar?
Sherlock acknowledged John’s waning resistance by tightening his grip around John’s waist, bringing his body flush and lowly murmuring in his ear: “I’m sure you’ll have other… more pressing matters to attend to.”
John had fetched Rosie who was now sitting in Greg’s lap, marvelling at the burning candles with bright, curious eyes. Sherlock stepped to the table, his fingers searching for John’s and squeezing lightly as they both watched the little girl giggle and stretch her hands out to the dancing lights. She would grow up with two fathers, with two loving parents, and aunts and uncles who adored her. She would grow up in a home, with candles on a cake and her drawings on the fridge, with Sunday dinners and summer nights filled with music. She would grow and witness a loving marriage. Sherlock would make sure of it.
John can’t take his eyes off of Sherlock’s long, slender fingers as they move over the strings, plucking and stroking so tenderly. His heart is beating heavily, in the rhythm to the song.
___________________________________
“We went straight to bed.”
“What?”
The sun hung low in the sky, painting golden stripes on the walls and tables, as she entered the café. John rose from his seat in the corner, clutching and stretching his hands in an attempt to get the nervous energy out of his system.
“Your clothes?” Sherlock repeated, with a not very subtle air of annoyance because John was not following him. “They’re wet and cold. Isn’t that supposed to be bad for your health,
John grabbed his phone out of his pocket and speed-dialled Sherlock’s mobile. No one answered. He tried again, unsuccessfully. With eager fingers, he typed a message.
“You can’t imagine how much I wished that what you had seen wasn’t the truth. God knows, I told myself it wasn’t, for years and years. I tried everything to make up for that defect you saw in me, the same mar you disowned your daughter for. I tried so hard; in school, in sports, in college, all my life, just to make sure that you and Mom could be proud. You had cast Harry out and I had to be the perfect son if I didn’t want to end like her.”
John did. He stopped. His hand fell away from his softening cock.
Sherlock heard his words, but he couldn't make any sense of them. His brain was shut down and he felt as if he was dreaming, far away from reality. Surely this must be a beautifully pleasant dream. He was vaguely pawing at the band of John's trousers, his fingers finally figuring out how to open zip and flies on these bloody jeans. He made a small keening noise as John's brief-clad erection sprang free and he realised just
“Daily walks, long walks. Exhausting, physically demanding at the pace at which you usually take your walks. You suggested it after we agreed on eating out, so clearly it has been at the back of your mind. You want to keep me fit. More precisely, you want my legs to remain strong.”
“Well, it would make sense, wouldn't it?”
John shifted, wanting to escape the nicotine before it was released, but also desiring to talk some more. “So, you ask your brother to bring these things for me?”
“Shut up.” John ordered sharply, getting up. “If you'd just let me handle it, I'd be fine.” he said, moving towards the entrance door.
“Oh, right, sorry. Okay, I'll be sending Donovan down to Baker Street to see if he's still there. You're staying with me.”
John rubbed his tired eyes. In his medical opinion, not sleeping for almost two weeks wasn't considered healthy. He didn't know how Sherlock did it, going days without rest. This was straining him so badly right now, he was tiredly fascinated with his body's ability to not having folded a week ago. He felt nauseous, had a headache and felt so weak, he was surprised he could still breath. He hadn't even eaten in eight days. It was the Alpha awareness keeping him conscious, he knew; were he a Beta, he'd have collapsed a long time ago. He had one of the nurses, the one that had a crush on him, constantly pacing in front of his office, checking on him every ten minutes.
The woman turned to him now, giving her husband the chance to shake John's hand warmly while she patted Sherlock's cheek. “And yet you look like it's been at least 12.” she said proudly, pinching the newly developed fat on his hip.
influence-”
Sherlock waited a couple of seconds to be completely sure it wouldn't go away, that feeling he wanted to ask John about. “I feel nauseous.”
He positioned himself again, now inserting just the tips of the two fingers until John was squirming, grinding down to get them inside and Sherlock obeyed, thrusting them in more quickly and simultaneously picking up the speed with which he bobbed his head on John's member happily.
He looked at his watch, feeling the warmth in his cheeks. Sherlock would call him in fifteen minutes and no new information had been given on services for London. He almost felt confident enough to just ask for a taxi. Almost.
Sherlock's kisses became more passionate and demanding, but no less loving the further they went and they were soon a mess of panting and moaning and grunting and huffing and gasping each other's name.
“I feel you two need some time alone here.. I'll come again later then..” Greg muttered, backing out of the room that
“Don't forget your place, John.” she replied, not turning to him, merely glancing over her shoulder, absolutely dismissive of his dignity.
When he left the bathroom, he asked Sherlock if he minded having them at the table. Sherlock knew it was rather a question of 'is it safe for my child' and he invited them with a hand gesture, engrossed with his microscope.
John would always love him, he was sure, but if Sherlock ended up rejecting him, unreachable, would their relationship survive that? Unlikely, since John would end up being the last the Omega wants to see. John wouldn't blame him, he had every right to be scared of Alphas, especially John, after what had happened. But how would they cope without each other? Even going back to just living together seemed impossible, not to mention their unborn pups and their destiny.
“Soul mates! I never actually met a couple like you, but Omegas in his condition tend to not let anyone but their soul mate touch them while awake. Had I known, I'd given this task to you right away... He's very badly traumatised and unable to sleep through his recovery undisturbed. He'll wake up many times for a few days just screaming from the emotional pain. It has sickened his body. You'll have to give him these to keep him as calm as possible. They are specially designed to fit pregnant Omegas.”
“That's alright. Don't worry about it.” he replied, then left. He went back into the living room, where he picked up his abandoned tea and sank down into his chair. He pondered Sherlock's words. The Omega had been warmer ever since his heat and while he'd always kind of kept his old self, he had been a lot more open and emotional with John. Not that he minded, but it was a little heartbreaking to still see him uncomfortable with his new behaviour. Since he got back, Sherlock had been 'worse', yes, but John hadn't expected an outbreak like
“You're eating.” Sherlock noted matter-of-factly.
The Omega sighed deeply, feeling the first stirrings inside his middle. “True.. Bloody hyperactive this lot! Offer spoonful of sugar and they eat you with it!”
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.” John replied warmly, gentle smile on his face, his hands instinctively coming up to carress his belly subconsciously.
“Alright, I will ask you to try to move it up to this week, if possible tomorrow. Now, the bleeding should stop sometime within the next 5 minutes, if it doesn't, call again and we will directly transport you into a hospital. As I said, there seems to be no direct harm on your pup, but your doctor will have to make for a clear vision on that.” the mid-aged man informed in a kind but clinical tone.
Sherlock looked at him intensively for a second. “Nothing.”
Again with the frown. “Why?”
Sherlock waved him away weakly. “No. Get lost.”
Sherlock leaned forward, kissed him and whispered a little “trust me.”
Sherlock was typing the results of his most recent experiment into his laptop. It was the last few steps that finally dragged him out of his concentration and when he looked up, there was a woman standing in their living room. Turning around, she found him in the kitchen and walked in with all the confidence in the world. She looked about his age, dirty blonde, short, slight figure and most definitely Alpha. He could smell it even through the strong perfume she was wearing.
“Yeah, yeah, sure thing!” Greg replied. “Do you want any help?”
Before Sherlock even had time to catch his breath again, John was pounding into him, pulling him back only to budge him forward with each thrust. It hurt, but it felt infinitely too good. Sherlock was coughing out moans as he watched the headboard coming closer and closer.
“No, shut up- just... shut up.” the older man replied, getting to his feet.
“It'll numb my brain...”
But when John lay Sherlock down in his bed, he did nothing about his painfully obvious erection that Sherlock didn't seem able to take his eyes from. It made the impression of being so big and wonderful and perfect to fill him up entirely and knot him and give him loads and loads of children and he didn't know how and when it happened, but he was suddenly drowning in the strong scent radiating from the crotch he was pressing his face into.
When his lungs allowed for slower breaths again, Sherlock tried gathering his wits again.
Sherlock jerked up at the voice addressing him. Coming up with a fever, he squinted, averting his eyes from the light flooding in from the street and behind the man. “Go away, leave me alone.” he commanded listlessly.
“Your brother. I mean
Sherlock began panting with exhaustion, thankful to be deliciously close to end by now.
Big thanks, however, to my new and lovely beta Rae (Razr4011)! I am honestly so grateful ♥
“Very detailed plan, isn't it?” Mycroft mocked to display his higher position to Sherlock. “I gather there was an abnormality discovered at your ultrasound the other day?” his brother added to piss him off as best as possible.
He looked mack up at Sherlock, who had moved on to two fingers. John swallowed, his body confused, half-aroused, half-disturbed. It wasn't until Sherlock moaned lowly, that John's mind pushed aside to give room to his desire again.
He read the new message from Sherlock and decided it was time to end this. He'd heard enough to be bored again and he'd made his decision some moments ago anyway. “No.”
“John.” Sherlock whispered after many silent minutes, both of them so calm they were dancing on the edge of sleep.
Sherlock drew up a chair for John to sit in and the Omega took a seat gratefully. Greg ordered Donovan to take the place John had left open next door, then he sat down opposite John. “The hell was that?” he asked, though his voice sounded much softer than his words.
Sherlock's gaze drifted back to him slowly, almost as if he couldn't believe he was talking at him about this right now. “I'm not looking for a mate.” he repeated the old mantra.
“Jacob.” Lestrade interrupted, having two pairs of eyes focusing on him. He rolled his eyes exaggeratedly. “The wife. Watched it with the girls...”
“Well then,” the doctor began when he had recovered from the sudden burst of arousal, “you could borrow some of my clothes. They should be fine... for a bit.” And back was the witty Alpha he loved.
“It does seem the most plausible in all possibilities... But there hasn't been an awful lot of research yet, so it's all very questionable still. Maybe I'm just a very late developer and there isn't even such a thing as a perfect bond.”
The elderly woman answered him again. “Yes, Sherrinford. Not a genius like the others, mind you, but a heart larger than life! He was, so to say, the heart to their brains. We were always proud-”
John hadn't mentioned a change of clothes, so Sherlock sat there, back in the sitting room, on the sofa, naked, wrapped in nothing but a towel he'd found. He looked down his bony limbs. Long, and long past slender. There was always a slight shiver to his body and he hadn't been sure about whether it was the drugs or him being way underweight in a long time.
“I'm okay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft sighed deeply. “Sherlock, you have been promised to that woman for many years-”
Sherlock spared him a short glance, but didn't reply. They had arrived anyway, so John figured he would just go along and see where it got him.
“You mean: make sure they don't annoy you.”
Sherlock gave one weak chuckle that seemed unfitting for the moment.
“Get your shoes, you slut!” John smirked as he climbed off his mate to get dressed himself.
“John.” he pleaded in a whisper.
“When one tries to avoid Sherlock's attention, one learns to be discreet, hence this place. Your feet and back must be hurting you, please do take a seat.” Mycroft recited like a text he'd learned by heart, pointing his black umbrella at a chair John had walked past immediately, if not to show his spite.
They continued as before for weeks. Once or twice, John didn't even have the mercy to come to Sherlock and have him at all after making him wait upstairs. Those days, Sherlock couldn't even finish himself off; over-stimulated, too sensitive and disappointment replacing what sparks of lust he had left. On many evenings, John would ask him downstairs and made him watch telly with him. Most of it was boring, stupid, but Sherlock rarely paid attention to it. He usually just spent the time thinking. John didn't mind, he just wanted Sherlock downstairs.
When it finally stopped and he felt wrecked and exhausted, he briefly wondered if he should check for any blood or any evidence he might have miscarried, but he couldn't bring himself to look down to where that sickening gush still clung to him and much less would he take a probe with his fingers. He turned onto his back again, stared at the grey ceiling. A brutal spasm made him jolt up in an arch before he crashed hard into the bed again. Something was up with John. He could feel it. He whined out John's name loudly, hopelessly trying to make his mate hear him. But the void inside him spread until he was consumed by blackness.
“Probably that lighting in your bedroom – told you it has a weird tint to it!”
“Problem?”
“I was bullied. I turned out fine.”
!” he retorted, eyes fixed on the Alpha sternly.
“I'm not
There will be more to the O/O series in the future. More kink especially ;)
John went still. Very still. “Are you sure?” he asked for reaffirmation.
Lots of questions are asked. John finds himself in conflict with not only himself and the general society.
pups!” Sherlock answered, dark rumble breathless, gasping whenJohn kissed his way over the back of his neck and finding a particularly sensitive spot. The Omega's hands joined John's on his proud little belly, his head falling to the side to give John access to nibble and lick at the scarring bond bite, as he lead the other's pair of hands down into his pants, making his intentions clear.
“Sherlock, that's a whole carton already, can't we leave it at that?”
, when he felt warm hands envelope his face and John's lips crash softly against his own. Stunned, as he was, he couldn't bring his eyes to shut themselves and instead stared up at John's firmly pressed closed ones, the single tear that fought its way out between the eyelashes and fell on his face.
to!” he corrected, sobbing now with the frustration of his orgasm being held back. John released his cock mid-cry and send him jerking in his cage, scream and gasp for air desperately. As his hole tightened around John, the Alpha jerked his hips further inside Sherlock, shooting his semen inside the Omega as he grunted out curses.
John shudder under this straight forward attempt to win the appreciated Alpha for himself. “Sherlock, stick to your mind, please.”
Sherlock went ahead and served them all a cup, pulled up a chair and sat down facing them. “So,” Mummy Holmes spoke again, “I hear you two bonded right during Sherlock's first heat?” she said to change the subject.
John was mildly jealous when, in the evening, the pups insisted on wanting to sleep downstairs another night. When he asked why, there was no satisfying answer, as one might expect from a group of one-year-olds. Sherlock shrugged and said he didn't mind and that their beds were still in his bedroom anyway, so John finally agreed.
“Is this really necessary, John.” Sherlock asked, walking slowly by his mate's side.
“Daily?”
“I've been living in an unloving household, my psyche wasn't ready and so my body refused to heighten the level of stress any further. I also used to have psychosomatic nausea every other day, so I just blamed my abusive father. It was the time he'd bonded to his new wife and he was happier, less violent, so my mind was more at peace then.” John explained, his voice tinted with not a single trace of discomfort at the memories. He had finished with it all.
“Maybe she collects but doesn't wear them?”
Later, he was grateful for it as he lay awake with arousal. He reached down and slipped his hand inside his boxers, trailing it along the inside of his thigh to rub against his entrance. With two fingers he spread the wetness around the ring of muscles and dipped in, with just the tips at first, savouring the sense of teasing for a moment before pushing them in up to the knuckles. For a while he was undulating against these two fingers, but once he was sufficiently aroused for his fantasy to kick in and supply romanticised memories of sex, he pushed in two more fingers and imagined another body moving in rhythm with him. He could feel the heat, hear the breaths and was surprisingly fast to climax.
John approached the bed and let his hand glide along Sherlock's cheek to the back of his neck, then forcefully pulled his head back by the shorter hair there. The pain made Sherlock's eyes water instinctively. “Are you even a tiny bit sorry you ruined my patients shirt? He was very upset and surprised by me having such an incapable Omega.”
“I don't.” Sherlock simply replied. “But I have done the past four months and it does seem necessary, regarding our situation.”
John immediately pulled his distressed mate closer, kissing his hair and caressing his back. “See? All is fine.. It's alright, Sherlock.. We're alright.” he said, brushing through his curls, concentrating on their bond to let Sherlock feel his love and affection.
John then moved Sherlock onto his back and his legs up and towards his face, knees bending, letting his feet rest on his shoulders and John moved between his legs. “Mh, minor tearing,” he diagnosed, “nothing too wild. You'll get used to it, become more flexible.”
Sorry for the long pause. Sorry for some probably weird formatting. Sorry for any mistakes.
love you.” and before he realised what he was doing, the sentiment continued pouring out of him. “We have to be strong now, John. For them.”
“Yes, please. Anything you've got, anything there is.”
An hour later, Sherlock woke himself with the urge to vomit yet again, but at least this time it kept down to only half an hour until he could get up and eat the promised breakfast,which he was disturbingly hungry for, this time keeping all of it inside. It looked to becoming a boring day without John and somehow even worse: without sex. But then Lestrade burst into the flat as Sherlock lay on his back on the sofa, fighting every urge to start an experiment because John wouldn't like it if he did.
Shortly after Sherlock had shut down the auction society, John had 'acquainted' with Mycroft further. That is, he was out shopping for groceries, when a black care rolled up next to him against the pavement. He hadn't thought anything of it until it started following his slow, heavy steps. He stopped and one of the doors was opened for him.
The court ruled Mr and Mrs Edwards guilty, of course, and John narrowly escaped a lawsuit thanks to Greg and Sherlock's combined arguments and a tiny bit of edging around the full truth to hide John's nature and bring the blame back on the couple. Tommy's Alpha parent achieved custody of both children.
“Why me, anyway? I mean, yeah, I'm not ugly, but – come on! Next to you I look like a tea towel!”
He reached up a hand to scrub down his face. This couldn't be it, right? Almost forty years with drunk authorities, drunk siblings, war and losing friends as he told them to stay with him while he tried stopping their blown-up limbs from bleeding out, and now he'd lose the most important of them all with a “Fine, where? JW” on his mind?! This must be some kind of cosmic joke, the universe laughing at him for being naïve enough to ever think he could have a life with a family.
This one's been sitting patiently for about a week now, but I didn't want to post too soon as I expect the next chapter might be a while again, sorry.
Retrieving their tray from the kitchen, John experimentally placed its edges on the sides of the tub and it held. Sherlock put down his tea on it with a grateful grunt. John lovingly patted his hair before getting up. “Call me if you need me, yeah?”
John didn't mind Sherlock's gender.
“You won't. And if ever you did, I'd hit you twice as hard. So, you see; you won't.”
“And old one...”
“No.. No, I would have remembered, they weren't here on Monday. Neither of them.”
“Of course! Do you have any ideas?” He watched the little boy think for a moment before letting him walk off. He followed him one step for every five of the toddler's. They went straight into the kitchen and Jacob saw Kat straight away, laying flat on the chairs under the table.
His third finger rose to the challenge and teased his hole. His left hand seemed undecided on whether to settle on his belly or his dick. As Sherlock began working himself on three fingers, hitting his prostate every now and then, John budged forward, helping his wandering hand by splaying one of his own over it in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. Sherlock stilled for a second, then, as if they'd agreed on it, his hand slipped away to work his cock, moaning as John began to touch, to feel around his middle.
just stay here, John. I can afford accommodating us both and, well, you have met Mycroft, he seems eager to keep you around me.”
“I can call Kate up to the front, she works the Friday shift, but Ross isn't in.” she said arrogantly, trying to act away the fact that John's background scared her away just the tiniest bit – she was a cool and strong Alpha after all.
“Sorry, Sherlock.” was all the answer he got. Angry, Sherlock stormed off into their bedroom, closing the door and sulking on the bed.
“I'm not being any more kind to you than I would anyone else I'd offer to share my flat.” The Alpha replied, becoming increasingly annoyed at their discussion.
He flung his hand up high to stop a cab. Then doing the same with the next that came by.
Don't worry, John. We've got time.” Sherlock said lazily, knowing the water would not be too pleasant anymore anyway, but not meaning for the Alpha to add to his worries. John entered the bedroom, towel wrapped around him loosely. Sherlock eyed what he could see, the arms and legs that looked like seemingly barely more than sticks, the prominent collarbone, shoulder blades and chest revealing his ribs as John retrieved some clothes to take them back into the bathroom, hiding from his Omega's eyes. He knew Sherlock didn't like to see him like that, so he tried to show as little as possible. He let him walk past him, staring up at the ceiling, hands wandering to his belly and their growing pups, rubbing it idly. Even without the bump Sherlock was bigger than he'd ever been before; the hospital staff had made sure he reached the appropriate weight for his stage before releasing him. He looked at his fleshier hands. He was even heavier than he'd ever seen John, which wasn't that big a statement, since John had never really been any more than slightly chubby, his broad physique often making him look bigger than he really was, especially when standing next to Sherlock's old self. He wondered if John had felt like this back then, if it was the same worry that had made him urge Sherlock to eat at least three times a week when on a case. Though in all the time they'd known each other, Sherlock hadn't been as thin as John was now. He wished he knew how to go about it. John would never agree to going into hospital now, or frankly, ever. John was sensible, but he was even more proud, trying to care for himself rather than accept help, not unlike Sherlock himself.
“Probably a good choice – stuff tastes awful.” answered Greg causing them both a fit of chuckling. “Please, sit down!” he offered, moving to his own chair.
“An insecure and irresponsible job, which you'll have to quit for a number of months-”
“Yes. I know. Come. For me. Please.” Sherlock replied in equal manner.
On the cab ride, Sherlock explained little about where they were going, but filled John in on what it was all about. John remembered reading about serial suicides in the newspaper recently and how the police were getting nowhere with their investigation.
Sherlock answered. He didn't know what was going on, what John was doing, but now more than ever before, he trusted the man. He was rewarded with more nibbles. This time, however, it was more like usually, still viscous, but deliberate, not aiming to do more harm than pleasure. Sherlock felt John rub against his thigh again and the Alpha gasped and quickly set his hands to task on undressing the Omega. Sherlock reached out to do the same, but before his fingers could even touch John's shirt, the Alpha was grabbing his wrist, forcefully pinning them against the wall and resuming his motions. Sherlock was left breathless and naked when John shoved him to walk to the back of the flat, into his bedroom. Sherlock was just about to turn around, standing beside the bed, when a sharp pain stung his side. He bent over, clutching at the spot and looked up at John, holding a riding crop. Next thing he knew, a powerful kick knocked him over onto the bed. He watched John put the riding crop back down, almost hiding it behind the radiator. “This.. is what you want, isn't it?” he asked in a dangerous voice.”Turn around!”
everything seems eerily normal up until sherlock clears his throat and says, "do you plan on going home?"
he knows from a quick look that his former room is a mess, so he goes into sherlock's bedroom.
sherlock sighs. "that is what you wanted, is it not?"
sherlock blinks.
"to marry me," john repeats. "we aren't even dating, sherlock."
john groans and rolls over to face him. "i don't know what i wanted. i wanted... things to be normal." john shakes his head. "i just wanted to come home, sherlock."
he forces himself to breathe and knows sherlock is breathing elsewhere.
"i ask you out in your head too?"
it takes two more weeks before sherlock starts discussing sussex. he spends hours looking at cottages and waxing poetic about the area.
not know?) bodies, a lover. (maybe. probably.) some sort of comfort. the warm spread of an opiate, the sharp bright flood of a stimulant. the story of how they met.
from his seat by sherlock's bed, he can see out the window. other buildings, a car park, and above that, the grey london sky. it's raining, and the tap of it against the glass interferes with the sound of sherlock's heart monitor. a different sort of tempo, a different beat. john taps it out with his other hand-- the hand not holding sherlock's-- against his thigh. the tap of the rain, the steady beep of the monitor.
sherlock smiles, a small and shy thing.
"a doctor steps onto a plane to find his," john struggles, eyes stinging, "his
in regular sleep, sherlock cries out and clutches for things that aren't there. to john's knowledge they have never been there. (a far off conversation, a recollection: how can
sherlock sighs, his whole body rising and falling. "just lay down. i'll move over more if need be."
mrs. hudson peeks her head around the corner and blinks when she sees him. "john-"
sherlock's mouth opens and closes. he swallows.
there's a beat. "yes, us." sherlock shifts and john looks at him. "did you think i was planning on going alone?"
sherlock blinks again, now pale, then green. he gets up, tilts on one foot, stabilizes himself and walks inside.
it's clean. neat. john's seen it before. john's slept on these sheets, on this mattress, on danger nights and nights when they had both had too much wine with dinner and john didn't want to make the trek up the stairs, sherlock sleeping on the sofa. somehow, this feels different. the usual tenant of this room is off in a hospital bed recovering from an overdose that john feels partially responsible for. he borrows a threadbare t-shirt (his? maybe.) and a pair of pants and falls asleep.
john watches him go, waits until he's a good distance away, before he starts to laugh.
sherlock blinks, "a kiss?"
"and he's
john manages a weak chuckle. "side effect of all this, i s'pose."
a list. some chicken scratch description of a planned overdose, a plane flight where the high goes on and on and never crashes, he'll never come down. except, john saw him burst into rubble and flame. he saw the sheen of his forehead and the panic mixed with a sort of foggy-eyed psychosis he hadn't seen in sherlock before. an insistance that he must get back, that this is not where he should be.
"lay down," sherlock croaks.
it's a slow and steady beat; something that might coincide with a dance. john tries to write it into his memory so he can recount it to sherlock, later. so he can teach him the steps to his heartbeat, the living bit of him keeping him alive, pumping blood through his body; proof of life but also of humanity.
one night, they sit on the back deck and listen to the night. john turns as sherlock does and sherlock kisses him.
, then that was it."
"no," he holds up a finger. "you shouldn't even be talking. so it's my turn."
," he clears his throat, "because, that's his bloody best friend, his fucking...
"yeah," john looks out the window. "he's had to do it before as well. and he couldn't fix it then either."
"are you okay?" sherlock murmurs.
"john," sherlock wheezes.
john looks at sherlock, who is still pink, but less embarassed. "well, we never do things the normal way, do we?"
"oh," sherlock rasps. "john."
the trip home is uneventful. mycroft has a car bring them to baker street. mrs. hudson fusses over sherlock and makes him a tray of different sweets that he likes. sherlock remarks that he should fall ill more often. mrs. hudson scolds him. john's ears ring.
john looks at sherlock, then down at his plate. he had forgotten this wasn't home.
a long beat, several beats. a dance.
every so often, he wonders how he got where he is.
john walks in to sherlock complaining about his nasal cannula. so, the usual.
"i love you," john says.
"again?" john's voice breaks.
"hello," he croaks.
john holds a cold and weightless hand in his, pulse oximeter on sherlock's middle finger. there's no reciprocated clutch. john holds on for dear life. sherlock breathes.
"ah," john says. silence. for one, two,
john closes his eyes. "i hate it too."
"we haven't dated."
to speak, "rushes to him and checks his pulse, performs cpr, instructs someone to call an ambulance, and then he
"and he's had to do it before, as well," sherlock mumbles.
john takes a deep heaving breath and closes his eyes.
sherlock sighs and scrunches up his nose. "i hate this."
a vague memory of talk of 'feeding someone up'. john shakes his head, a fond smile covering his face.
he wakes to his phone ringing and scrambles to pick it up.
john looks back before shimmying down under the covers, head against the pillow next to sherlock's.
john keeps to himself and stews silently. he didn't expect to get left behind so early.
"i do need you," sherlock rasps, immediately bursting into a coughing fit. john fetches him water and ice chips, helps him along.
"do you need water?" john moves to leave. sherlock grabs the hem of his t-shirt.
john sits next to him and threads his fingers into his hair. "s'not a big deal. i guess we've been living like a couple for a bit, now."
john blinks. "i what?"
john shakes his head. "could use a shower," he grunts. his hand is still locked with sherlock's.
sherlock's eyes, red, irritated, shut.
john lays against the headboard, watching, until he drifts off to sleep as well.
john kisses back.
"good morning, john. before you worry, nothing is wrong, i just thought you'd like to know that he's awake."
the cottage is lovely. there are hives in the back and it's all one level, so neither of them will have to use the stairs. sherlock turns to john immediately after they enter and smiles. john smiles back, feels his earth quake.
"wouldn't say it was out of
sherlock looks up at him, curls astray. "you asked me to marry you in my mind palace."
sherlock says, "i love you too."
"but i needed you, too," sherlock says.
john, heart pounding in his chest, breath catching, holding himself from grabbing sherlock by the shoulders and telling him that this is it. that he is safe and home and the plane ride is over, he can come down and they can go home and they can rest.
"doctor..." mycroft hesitates. rain falls on rooftops and against windows. "john," he says. "visiting hours are over but if you'd like i can..." he clears his throat, "erm, pull some strings to allow you to stay."
john chews at his lip, "i don't believe we've done that before."
he showers perfunctorily. all of the products in the bathroom are sherlock's, so he leaves the shower smelling warm and familiar. not at all like the cheap store brand products he picks up from the tesco down the road when they need to do a grocery run. they. him and mary. cans of beans, jars of marinara sauce, some sort of domesticity that never felt real, her hand on his chest, his chest caving in.
Sherlock was free and he was safe.
Somewhere across the city Sherlock blinked awake again, the hairs on his body raised at the cold air in the large, empty room. Whatever they'd given him, it must have been very strong.
“Look 'round ya, sweetheart, we've got a lot o' those here. Though usually not your age..” she murmured when John let his eyes wander to check their surroundings shortly. The flirt was back, great. Some Alphas just can't take the hint that 'mated' means 'bloody mated', no, instead she's leaning forward, trying to make him look at her large breasts, not seeming to understand that he had taken a quick look upon entering the bar and was anything but interested and especially MATED.
Sherlock seemed to be the only one not pleased with the result. He hadn't been able to get them all in time.
.. I'm surprised you managed any breaks between rounds at all.. Your body must've been ready to burst with hormones.” John mused, obviously not noticing Sherlock's concerns – odd, considering they were bonded and should actually be sensing each other on a whole new level.
He could feel Sherlock gradually relax against him, his breathing becoming noticeable again. “She-..” he began, wobbly in his throat.
Hope you enjoy it, though!
you.”
John was cooking some dinner. Sherlock had told him he was hungry for some steak and now John was cutting up vegetables for a salad to go with it.
With a raised eyebrow, Sherlock put his attention back to the laptop in front of him and typed. “Thorough look you've had at it, was it?” he said, rolling his eyes as he proceeded to work through any hints he could get. His log in details were saved on Facebook and an Omega flirting site he found in the boy's browser history. “Teenagers are so easy to crack these days. They're hardly even trying to keep anything secret. Here, he has been chatting with someone who calls himself 'DollarDan' on this website and the name reappears in the list of his friends on Facebook – the profile pictures are identical. That pervert promised him the moon and he fell for it. They are both stupid, we don't have to worry about our pups, John. Now, from the email address he's registered with, we can work our way through to his emails and here we have.. that! is exactly what I expected. Isn't that cute, they thought their data would be safer this way – isn't that just adorable, someone should teach them important things at school.” There was a pause in which Sherlock read through the exchanged messages. “They met every so often at a bar in central London, we should go there straight away.” he said and with it, stood quickly, getting dressed.
“Your room is upstairs, you can keep it however you want, no one is going to go up there anyway. I see patients at nearly all times of the day, so you will make sure to either keep to yourself or be nice to them, are we clear on that? Now, have a drink.” John shoved one of the mugs into Sherlock's hand before the boy could reply. The Omega eyed it warily, but took it. The housekeeper had brought the tea and John hadn't been in the room on his own since Sherlock's arrival. He didn't think the old lady would have drugged his tea and even if, the mugs looked identical – John couldn't be sure which one was poisoned. John took a sip from the other cup. With his free hand, he reached into Sherlock's curls and grabbed at them. He sat down on the sofa, beside Sherlock, tugging at his hair and caressing his scalp in turns. “I like your hair, now that it's washed. Kind of.. luscious.”
“Yes, her,” he waved a hand dismissively. He was in the midst of taking up some other action, but spun back around abruptly. “The how many-nth time's this anyway? Sixth?”
A moment later, he he was pressed flat against the wall. John was rubbing against him, biting Sherlock's lips, his throat, his neck, his ear. This. This was what he'd been looking for in John. Savagery. An Alpha who could be both calm and composed, but also letting himself be driven entirely by instinct. Hurting him. Dominating him. Making him feel small.
“Doubt it,” was John's terse reply.
The Omega frowned lightly. “We can't do it. Can we? I mean, can we?” he asked seriously.
“Thank you so much, honestly.”
to remind me, you know? These cramps make it very hard not to realissssssssse..” he hissed at the next contraction.
“Yeah, that's not what she meant, Sherlock.”
“Oh. Right. I had forgotten.” John admitted, turning red. “Christ, I remember..”
“No, that's not it! It's just.. what if one of our pups turns out the same way? I did it a lot at that age. I never thought about how my mother must have felt.. If they turn out, you know.. like me...”
“I've started putting out last week and I have grown 10 inches in
Greg watched him finish their coffees. “Well, isn't that nice? Thanks. You'll be keeping him around then, I assume?” he asked, stirring some milk into his coffee.
“Yes.” the doctor confessed, shading in a modest red.
“Well, I've done some research on that 'perfect bond' thing and most studies state that some Omegas only present when their soul mate is ready to bond with them.”
So John would devour him. Lips pressed firmly together, tongues dancing the most incredible waltz and most energetic tango, until Sherlock was mewling for John to sate his newly discovered libido. They would give it two rounds at least in the morning, depending on John's work schedule. The week he'd been missing out had been discussed with the clinic and he could continue working the job. And so, after the marvellous rounds of sex in bed, there often came another round of hand jobs in the shower. And then, Sherlock was alone for a couple of hours and he used them to think. And he thought and thought for hours on end.
His chest was so constricted, he could feel every muscle clamping down tighter bit by bit, encasing his lungs to the point where the intake of air was painful and every exhale allowed the grip to tighten one more fraction. Soon, he lay there, breathing flat and rapid, all of his muscles tensing up so strongly they jumped in visible tremors, his chest aching as if there was a whole ripped through him, his abdomen sparking in dark red pain.
It only confused him more. “But then why am I here? I don't understand..” Why pay a fortune for him if he didn't want him?
“As I already said, it's all your decision. I will not insist on you keeping it and I will not tell you to abort it. You would be the one most affected with your body changing and all. I don't wish to force you to do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable.”
“Oh, good. I was worried you might have hit your head or fallen asleep or something.”
“What's wrong?” John asked the brunette snappily.
John was frozen in his motions for a moment. He'd shot down guys like him god damn it, why was it so hard to stand up for himself now? “Is this some act of homophobia?” Sherlock asked and John watched, with his eyes as hard and determined as he could keep them, the Alpha boulder look at his companion. “Is an Omega not allowed to get an Omega for themselves?”
“Very good, thanks, come on in. Do you like my blouse?” she asked playfully, shaking her shoulders as she walked backwards.
Much like John, Sherlock felt bad, guilty even. He knew what it was like to have such a neglected stomach and forcing all this food upon his mate after having taken more than a week to even go beyond soup, he felt stupid and selfish. He had forced John to throw up. He didn't know what was bothering John so greatly or why this situation was even a thing for him, but he'd been insensitive enough to possibly make it even worse.
