“I promise, Dean.”
“Any idea if or when you might be letting me out of here?”
Dean can hear laughter echoing in his ears. His laughter. He can’t see Castiel anymore, the shadows blinding him to anything less than an inch in front of his face. Dean tries to drag Castiel towards him. He can feel the angel fighting for some kind of foothold, doing his best to make his way closer to Dean.
“By dressing them up for a frat party?” Mary asks, raising an eyebrow.
Castiel shrugs. Dean rolls his eyes, rooting around in his bag to find the iPod Sam had given him for Christmas last year. Dean hadn’t liked the thing at first, but even he had to admit that being able to carry around so much music in such a small package was awesome. Digging out his ear buds, Dean gets up, scrolling through different artists as he sits next to Castiel. Without looking at him, Dean holds one of the ear buds out to Castiel, having to shake his hand a bit to prompt the guy to take it from him.
“Can you mojo us back to Bobby’s?”
Sam rolls his eyes at him as he pockets his phone and headed towards the garage, “You’re such a jerk.”
Cain gives a slight tilt of his head in agreement, studying Sam as he slings the towel over his shoulder, “In that case, I suppose I should invite you in.”
“I don’t know -”
“I mean, I think —“
“First Anna, then when Gabriel came --”
And there it is. Dean looks down at the floor. He can’t stand to look at Castiel. Doesn’t want to see whatever it is written on the fallen angel’s face.
His brother shakes his head in outright denial.
“I am sorry that you felt... That I didn’t know,” Castiel says after a while, “It hurt when you told me I couldn’t stay with you and Sam. In many ways, it was worse than my brothers and sisters turning on me during the Apocalypse.”
“Give us our clothes back, asshat,” Dean says.
They were his words to Dean and yet, they could so easily apply to him. Dean had asked for illumination. For Cas to draw back the shades and show him what path lay before him. He’d asked for the impossible. Dean had always been the radiance to Castiel’s void. How could nothingness ever hope to reignite the light?
“Yes, I know,” Castiel says, his face scrunching up in confusion.
**********
Castiel can see Dean now. The hunter doesn’t attempt to get to his feet to protect himself. He looks up at Ramiel, chest heaving as he tries to catch his breath. It occurs to Castiel that perhaps Dean
“I guess you must have convinced him,” Dean says softening a little bit.
“Yep,” it wasn’t a question, but Gabriel being Gabriel answers anyways.
A demon bomb goes off in the middle of the demons gathered around them, diverting everyone’s attention as a chunk of them are blown to oblivion, the ash scattering in the breeze. Charlie must not have run out of bombs quite yet. Crowley takes in the remaining demons, trying to work out a more advantageous position for him and Kevin. In the seconds after the blast, the demons stand there, dumbfounded at the sudden loss of so many of their comrades.
The void pulls at him. The other half of him with one foot already firmly planted in the nothing whispers back how easy it would be. But Sam and Castiel might be up there somewhere, right now, struggling to get out of Hell. He has never been able to leave Sam, and he promised Castiel. He promised.
Hands grab him at him, but it’s not the same as it was with the demons. These hands and arms aren’t holding him down, they’re trying to hold him together.
“Don’t -- Don’t care right now.”
“How did you get over it?”
Bobby shakes his head, “No idea. We get our orders for the day sent to us and so far as I can tell, we only get the bare minimum of what we need to know to do our jobs. What is it they have you guys doing upstairs?”
It’s like being a teenager again after Dad had first turned the keys to the Impala over to Dean, back when making out was the most exciting thing in the world. Dean is finding it still can be. Hands and legs tangle everywhere in the cramped space as they try to find a comfortable spot. Everything is beyond amazing until Dean’s brain catches up with what he’s hearing. Bob Seger has long since given up the speakers, AC/DC having taken over, going on and on about “dirty big balls” and Dean can’t help himself. He starts laughing, head dropping back against the seat, a confused Castiel lying on top of him.
“I haven’t been sleeping very well.”
“No,” Dean says as he props up on his elbows.
Castiel just shakes his head at him as the song ends, the gods of playlist shuffling smiling on them again as Led Zeppelin’s “Fool in the Rain” starts. Even so, the mood has changed, the heat gone. They share lazy kisses between talking about whatever comes to them. Still wrapped up in each other, they finally find a good position, Dean holding Castiel as their feet poke out an open window.
“Guess it’s a damn good thing we didn’t wait on you boys to rescue us.”
“You didn’t feel that?”
Castiel looks down, unable to meet Dean’s gaze. He’s unsure how this got so out of hand, feeling more than a little like the fool that he most certainly is. He hears Dean sigh again and feels the hunter’s grip on his arm loosen. Dean is going to leave, as he should. It’s not as though Castiel could blame him after his strange outburst. But out of all the things the angel doesn’t know, the one thing he does is that the last thing he wants is for Dean to turn and walk away.
“Take me back.”
“Do we get a vote in all this?” John asks, "We are talking about where we're going to spending the rest of our eternity, right?"
The look on Castiel’s face when Cas addresses Dean is all thunder and wrath. It’s enough to get Dean moving across the room, grabbing Castiel’s arm before he can get his hands on Cas.
“Say it,” Dean says, turning back to watch Sam walk back to his seat amongst his high school classmates.
“Doesn’t know what?” Dean asks, perking up a little. As much as he would like people to mind their own damn business, it’s not like Castiel is mister details.
“While I wouldn’t mourn Crowley, his strategy was sound.”
Joe drops their check off without another word and moves off to help another set of customers.
Joshua takes the list, eyes scanning each name, “The original fallen.”
Dean takes a step back down, “We can manage on our own, thanks. We’ve been up against worse odds and come out all right.”
Dean turns and raises his eyebrows at Cas, wondering what the hell he’s talking about. Cas’ eyes travel down Dean. He follows his gaze and realizes that somehow, after all that, he was still hard. Looking up, he takes in the smarmy, uncaring grin stretched thin over Cas’ features. Beyond what seems to be his default expression, Dean can see the unabashed hope swirling in those dimmed blue eyes, along with something else. Was it fear?
The click of the door echos through the building. Both of them wince at the sound.
“Accept who you are,” Dean says, “And believe me, I know it’s hard. I’m not saying it isn’t. God knows I haven’t figured it out yet. But you’ve just-- Become what
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then why don’t you have a damn turnip?”
“The truth does not hinge upon your belief in it, Cassiel.”
“Cas, you need to get out of here,” Dean grunts at him as his other self gets the upper hand, grinding his face into the dusty wood floor.
A muffled “Jerk!” echoes back at them from somewhere in the darkened church.
“Well, he’s sleeping right now. I think he was dehydrated when I found him. He's woke up a few times and I've got him to drink some. He’ll be fine, but I figured we ought to stay in one place for a day or so. Let him recover some before we head out. Should be back by tomorrow night at the latest.”
“In a sense, but it’s not just Castiel you’re acting as a lifeline for. You’re also the reason your brother is still up and walking around.”
Dean runs through the trees, stumbling in his haste as he tries to maneuver over fallen logs and bumpy terrain. He isn't sure if he’s going the right direction. Everything looks the same to him. There are no markings. There's no pathway through these woods. All he has to go on is a gut feeling and that feeling is telling him that Castiel is somewhere up head.
“Look man, I know this doesn't help much, but I really think Crowley’s not... Well, not Crowley anymore. For the most part, at least. I don't think he's cured completely and I'm not saying we trust him, but -”
Thanks to any and all readers/comment-leavers/bookmarkers/etc that stop by. You guys are awesome!
“Who’s the tease now?” Dean asks, breathless.
“Oh,” Castiel says, looking back at the car, “I’m sorry. I'm not very good at this.”
“It’s really not,” Castiel says, giving up on trying to grab it.
“But that wasn’t it was it?”
Cas looks petrified, “It’s not-- You’re not --”
“Let me go, Sam.”
Castiel can hear Sam ask in the background,
“I do want to.”
“Yes, y-you can.”
Thanks for taking the time to read!
“Like hell it is.”
As it turned out, Sam didn’t have to twist Crowley’s arm too hard. The chance to get a few free jabs in on Dean was more than enough of an incentive for the ex-demon. Dean landed his share of punches too, so they both left the mat pleased with themselves. Even though Castiel might be weaker than they had thought after his fall, everyone was able to prove they were prepared to hold their own in a fight to Dean’s satisfaction. Especially Kevin, who had whipped out a string of martial arts moves, leaving Dean flat on his ass multiple times. Kevin mumbled something about diverse extracurricular activities looking good on college admission forms while helping Dean back to his feet. Sam regrets not being able to get his phone out in time to get it all on video. If anything, Dean’s mini training camp gave them a two hour breather from research, which they needed. Afterward, everyone gets right back at it.
“I’ll get right on that.”
Castiel snorts, “Well, the flowers might be appropriate I suppose. At least during the daytime.”
“I’ve got a Biggerson’s reward card,” Dean says, sliding it back in his wallet with his other cards.
“You’re willing to try. For that alone you deserve my gratitude.”
“You want to split up?” Sam says, shock and anger warring on his face, “I’m not leaving you alone to fight him, Dean.”
Dean looks up again, staring him down. For the first time in years, Cas stares right back. This he knows. This he remembers.
**********
Sam turns back to the endless wall of ribbon, “Err, all right. Let’s go with green, silver, and… This blue.”
“Don’t do that.”
Sam looks like he’d love to do just that if he could find the doorway again without removing his hand from over his eyes. He manages, feeling his way with his free hand, grasping around for the door knob and closing it as he beats a hasty retreat.
“Pot, kettle,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck as he joins Sam and Kevin, “How are you feeling?”
“Don’t you have enough candy?” Dean asks.
Cody glares at Simon, “So I stay here and get myself killed fighting? I’ve at least got a shot running. What’s the worst they can do to me that they haven’t already done?”
Neither does Dean, but damn it, if he has to be awake for this couldn’t it be for a cheeseburger or something? At least he’d enjoy that. Dean has never been much of a soup eater, with one exception. That’s Sam’s thing. Show him a well stocked soup and salad bar and his eyes light up like it's freaking Christmas.
“I haven’t since I was human.”
“I’m starting to think there’s not going to be anything for us to find,” Sam says, sliding into the seat across from Dean, “The Men of Letters have a little something on pretty much everything, and there’s nothing.”
“Cass, you ready?”
“Why did Sam get a separate room?”
“Sorry, yeah,” Dean says in a quiet tone, pulling Castiel a little closer to him.
He turns to his right and takes in the sight of his older brother. Gabriel stares back at him, arms crossed as he leans his hip against the railing, an orange lollipop balanced between his fingers.
“How long have you been watching over Sam?”
“Does he do that a lot?”
“Who told you?”
“Yeah, that’d be him.”
“Are you going to help us or not?”
“I’m glad you two are OK. We were out looking.”
“Like, putting a horse in the dean’s office? Sam, that’s the plot of 'Animal House'.”
“What is that?” Sam asks.
A grin tugs at Dean’s mouth as he walks to the front of the altar, tugging on Castiel’s sleeve as he goes. The angel is reluctant, but he allows himself to be pulled along.
It wasn’t the easiest transition for any of them, but they had managed. When Bobby moved down to Lawrence, he had left the day to day running of his salvage yard up in Sioux Falls to his partner, Rufus. He’d kept his share of the ownership in the place and they’d all made numerous trips up on the weekends to visit and help out. Not long after Bobby had arrived, he’d setup an auto repair shop in town.
It isn’t that Castiel has resigned himself to wasting away into nothingness without complaint or retaliation. This is a strategic decision. The longer Ramiel is in control without any backlash from Castiel, the more at home he will feel, and therefore more complacent. It’s difficult, shielding these thoughts from the archangel possessing him. If Ramiel catches one whiff of what Castiel is trying to do, he will destroy him.
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Dean says.
“Go in guns blazing, huh? You Winchesters always were about as subtle as a hammer,” Gabriel says, smirking up at Sam.
Dean smirks at him as he pulls his own wallet from his bag, “We’re going to do a little spring cleaning. I’ve got too much crap in here and we’ve got too much time, so let’s go.”
“Of course you were. I’d be surprised if you didn’t react so strongly toward a threat to the one that holds such a claim on your soul.”
“You know that I tried to warn him what would happen, but he wouldn’t listen.”
“We try some of the challenges sometimes.”
Ash turns the screen towards them. Rufus gets up off his stool to come have a look. After staring at it for minute, he straightens crossing his arms.
“I’m going to assume you’re here to ask for some kind of favor then,” Jophiel says as he crosses his arms, “I’d be remiss if I didn’t remind you that you two and that brother of yours have your fingerprints all over this mess as well.”
“No, they cancelled the flight. We should head out sometime before noon,” Dean says, looking at his watch.
Sam straightens, “I’ll be right there.”
He arches into the touch, the air rushing out of his lungs like the wind has been knocked out of him. Castiel hasn’t even started moving yet, his fingers at rest, holding loose around Dean’s dick. Dean would accuse him of being a tease if he had enough blood left in his brain to form a coherent sentence. From the look on Castiel’s face, he already knows what he’s doing to Dean.
“I know,” Jessica says with a sad smile, “I don’t want to either, but that’s how this works. I’ll be here when you get back. Just, don’t get in any big hurry, OK?”
“Better?” the angel asks.
There’s at least seven demons in here with them. There’s nowhere to go. No back up coming. No way out. Dean tries not to panic as they start cutting long lines down Castiel’s arms, dragging it out as they take their sweet time. It’s not enough to do any real damage, just enough to hurt. Just enough for blood to start seeping through the thin cotton of Castiel’s button down shirt where it isn't cut open, staining the bright blue to black. Minutes pass. The former angel keeps his mouth clamped shut, eyes staring at the ceiling. Dean watches from the floor.
Castiel’s eyes roll back in his head as Dean grinds down on the fallen angel. He fucks himself hard, Castiel taking only a few moments to get with the program. His hands fly to Dean’s hips, fingers digging in as he fucks up into Dean, meeting him halfway. Dean moves, changing the angle enough that Castiel’s dick hits his prostate every time. He shouts Castiel’s name as he rides him. He hears his own name echoed back to him, scattered amongst other mostly unintelligible words.
“We built.” Dean says with a nod and a smile, “The new Letters. The Hunter’s Network. Your family. You made it all work, man. The job and a life. It’s more than I could have w-wi— wished for you. And I got s-see it all.”
“Still is. You wouldn’t have any ideas on how to fix him, would you?”
“Yeah, but I messed everything up. Again,” Dean says with a shrug, “We were together, but we spent most of the year before all this happened not talking. I pushed Sam away.”
“Sammy?” Dean asks, going for a yell, but landing somewhere closer to a whine.
“What? I was talking about your brother,” Crowley says, with a grin, “I hear his table manners are atrocious.”
get in.”
“Do not make the same mistake that your brother did and agree too soon,” Cain says, eyes finding Sam’s again, “What I ask will be no small feat.”
“There’s gotta be a catch,” Bobby says to Rufus under his breath.
“I - I have these dreams,” Castiel says to his hands resting in his lap more than anyone else, “or at least I think they’re dreams.”
“It could be worse,” Castiel says with a shrug.
“All right,” Sam says, holding his hands up in surrender, “Just... Look, if you ever need to talk about anything, like how much of a jerk my brother is, I’m here. If anyone knows how annoying Dean can be, it's me.”
“Nothing? Are you freaking kidding me? Have I done something wrong? If I did, you gotta tell me, so I can try not to do it again.”
“It’s fine, Cass, really. I’m not surprised or anything,” Dean says, he can feel himself start backing away. All he wants to do is bolt out of this garage as fast as possible, “Hell, I’m surprised you stuck around as long as you did.”
“Yeah, Dean. Don’t worry. We’re getting out of here.”
“Yes,” Castiel and Sam say at the same time, Sam jabbing Dean with his elbow when he starts to protest.
“No, I flew out of Boston, actually,” Castiel says as Dean tries not to be disheartened by the news, “Our flight was stopping here to pick up more passengers when they realized there was a malfunction with the plane. That was your flight?”
“But you’re almost naked under there.”
“Well, it is.” Dean says, taking a swig of his beer, “Not sure it gets better than what you’ve got, man.”
“In his off times, Jack likes to frequent sites that have reported paranormal activity.”
Bobby isn't a stranger to ridiculous situations. He could spend a good part of eternity listing all the dumb stuff he had been apart of, both on accident and of his own accord. Still, clinging to the side of a building 50 or so stories up has to come in near the top of his list. He glances down as he slides his feet along the small, brick ledge, checking to see if anyone has spotted him. The street below is as empty as it has been since the human souls of Heaven had been relocated to their new digs a few days ago. Days, like everything else, being a relative term here. He makes his way past yet another window, grateful that he doesn’t have to worry about falling. He can’t exactly kill himself again. At least he hopes not.
“They manifested out of necessity, rather than by choice,” Simon says, tone soft.
There’s no way to know what Ramiel intends to do with this sword. The archangel has no thoughts, his mind focused only on the task at hand. His borrowed voice grows louder, tinged with excitement as they head towards the end of this ritual. A black hole opens up in the center of the glowing mass of souls. Castiel can feel the archangel using his own grace now, the power slipping from him as he raises the blade. The light from the souls glints off the silver. If Castiel has a chance at taking back control, it’s now while Ramiel is distracted and some of his power diverted. Castiel gathers himself, preparing to attack, but he doesn’t get the chance.
When Dean opens his eyes again, things are clearer. A chair sits next to the bed, but it’s empty. It looks like one from the Bunker’s library. He sees his bedside table next to him. A glass of water sits on it, next to his usual nicknacks. He reaches for it, mouth dry. He raises up enough to take a few sips from the glass. His head feels like dead weight. Fumbling, Dean gets most of the water into his mouth, but some of it slides down his chin and onto his shirt, seeping through to his skin. He sits the glass back on the table, his trembling hand sloshing the water around as it clunks down on the wood harder than he intended.
Death sighs, having long ago grown used to God’s eccentricities. He sits down next to Him, reaching over for a handful of popcorn. He nibbles on the exploded kernels as they watch the goings on below, absently wondering if the snack would taste better fried.
“Enough!” Ramiel says, so distracted by their conversation that he says it out loud to the cavern surrounding them.
“I don’t think, dear brother, I know,” Ramiel says, “The last angel to be brought into existence. Graced by God with the most free will out of any of us to do with it what he would. And my, the choices you have made.”
She ignores him, “I think it’ll be fitting to kill you with it.”
“Is this ringing any bells, Cass?” Dean asks, looking over his shoulder.
“Wait,” Dean says, glaring at Gabriel, “You knew she was still out there? Why in the hell didn’t you guys kill all of them before?”
Dean was good at fixing cars. It was the one thing his dad had taught him. Most of Dean’s fondest memories were of him and Dad out working on his 1967 Chevy Impala. Dad had kept it cherry, and it’s still just as badass as it has always been. Dean plans to take Sam out on a cross country road trip in the Impala the summer after Sam graduates from Stanford. Just the two of them. The gas bill will be hell to pay, but it’ll be worth it.
“You really don’t have to. I’m fine, Sammy.”
Castiel full on blushes this time, “It’s nothing. I just doodle sometimes.”
“Just relax, Cas. I’ve got you.”
“For?”
Dean huffs a laugh, his breath ghosting across Castiel’s neck, “Now you know why I always had a ban on ‘chick flick’ moments. Not easy, is it?”
“Castiel told you?” Joshua asks, surprised.
“Don’t do this to me, Dean. Come on,” Sam says through gritted teeth as his boots pound the rock, “Just stay with me a little longer.”
**********
“I don’t understand,” Castiel says, brow furrowed.
Joshua turns to look at Dean, eyes lingering on him. Dean keeps his eyes trained on Castiel, heart pounding. The fallen angel had to have told him this story at some point. That’s how he knows about it. It’s got to be the reason he dreamed about something similar. Like watching a movie right before bed, then dreaming about it later.
“I wasn’t sure why at the time, but now I know. I’ve loved you so many ways for so many years, Dean Winchester. I wasn’t even aware that’s what it was.”
At least this chore is enjoyable for the angel. Castiel finds Mrs. Havens’ presence and bubbly personality comforting. Sam seems to take to her even more than he does, grinning from ear to ear as he chats with her. The angel even finds that he rather likes cake.
“Would I be here if I couldn’t be of some assistance?” Death asks with a long suffering sigh, “It’s not as though I make it a habit of going around, gloating to the family of those who have been recently reaped. Do you people think me a monster?”
Castiel swallows around a lump in his throat, “You’re torturing yourself with your best memories.”
“First, we’re all of us going to take a deep breath. Relax,” Crowley says, watching as the two of them stare at him while they suck in air, “We need to get a message through to the great beyond. Ideas? Thoughts?”
With that Sam leaves. Dean sits there a little longer, watching the spot where his little brother had last been standing. He imagines Sam left to give Dean plenty of space for whatever the hell it is Sam thinks he should do. But as Dean mulls it over, he decides this place isn’t right. He’s up and out the door before he knows it. He slides into the chilly seats of the Impala, Baby’s heater quick to warm him up, like always. At least some relationships are easy.
“You don’t know what you’re saying,” Castiel says, folding his arms around his knees as he draws them up towards his chest, “It’s not something to joke about, Dean.”
Crowley has two demons he's dealing with when one of the bombs goes off a few yards to his right. Crowley turns to see Kevin dropping his bag, apparently out of ammo. The kid has an angel blade in his hand, but the demons that were not within range of the bomb swarm him. Crowley makes a break for Kevin, cutting a path through the forest of demons, trying to reach the prophet. He makes it, helping Kevin push the demons back to a more breathable distance.
“Nice to meet you, Castiel.”
While Crowley had been scheming and plotting he managed to find something he has been looking for his entire existence. He has somewhere he belongs. These people had been willing to take him in not for who he was, but in spite of it. He doesn’t know what you call that. It might be friendship or love or family. Crowley wouldn’t know. He only knows that when Abaddon commanded him to lead everyone to their deaths, he couldn’t do it. They may not win tonight. Odds are they will all be dead by morning, but when push came to shove, that prospect had meant less to him than watching demons slaughter his friends. Crowley has
“Watch.”
Dean's feelings are mixed. He’s never had the warm fuzzies for Crowley. That had been Sam’s area, at least since his almost cure in the church back when they were trying to put Hell on permanent lock down. Dean had spent most of the time he’d known the ex-demon hating his guts and rightfully so. Still, over the last few months Crowley had been... Well, he’d been different. Crowley still annoyed the hell out of Dean, but even he had to admit that he could see the change.
The next two years fly by in a blur of routine and hunts. The bunker becomes a hunter central of sorts. Dean watches as Sam fully takes on the roll of leader with the full support of Dean, building on the network of hunters he’d started before Chuck. The Network grows until it covers the whole country. When Sam and Dean aren’t hunting, they man the phones, dispatch hunters where they are needed, and assist with research.
“That’s enough!”
“No,” God says, blinking rapidly, “Maybe.”
“I’m running a search for anything related to knights or lords of Hell, while we’ve been digging through the Letter’s files,” Charlie says, turning to Sam, “Which we seriously need to discuss digitalizing some of this stuff. It would definitely cut down on the time suck hunting and gathering for information.”
Sam looks back at him, eyes still wide. Dean sighs as he stands and moves towards one of the drawers behind him, pulling a set of keys from amongst the others. He tosses the keys to Sam who almost fumbles them.
He snakes one of his arms up under Dean’s, fingers sliding through the sweat slicked hair at the back of Dean’s head as Castiel tries to get closer, holding on for dear life. Dean opens his eyes, watching Castiel. His pace is relentless and with a swipe of Dean’s thumb over the head of Castiel’s dick, he loses it. He moans Dean’s name into his neck as the hunter strokes him to the end. Castiel goes slack as Dean removes his hand, pulling him closer as they slide down the wall to the floor, both still breathing hard.
“Did you really just say that?”
“Dean, don’t do this,” Sam says, “Dean?”
“Death is the only one powerful or knowledgeable enough in his own right to help you.”
Once the flames die down, Dean continues on his way. He doesn’t know where he’s going. Between the dim glow from the flashes of fire and his blurred vision from his fall, it wouldn’t matter if Dean had a map of this place or not. He’s too far gone for anything like that to be of use to him. The trip down here took a lot out of him. His breaths come hard like he’s running a marathon instead of plodding along with the slow shuffle steps he's able to take. He has never been the fittest guy in the world, but Dean shouldn’t be this bad off.
He looks up at Dean from under his eyelashes. As their eyes meet, Castiel feels Dean’s breath hitch from where his hand is splayed across his stomach, arm anchoring his hip. Dean is a wreck. Despite the low light and his current position, Castiel can see the sheen of sweat glistening along Dean’s brow. Breathing heavy, his hand finds its way back into Castiel’s hair as he speeds up. Castiel doubles his pace, tongue dancing along the bottom of Dean's cock, hand chasing his mouth. A few more seconds and Dean is gone. Castiel swallows, slowing as he rides out the aftershocks with Dean.
Castiel nods.
“Yeah, I know. He might be useful. Dean already gave me this speech.”
Castiel has spent many hours traveling with the Winchesters as they continue battling their way through this apocalypse. He's spending even more time with them as his powers fade. Castiel had heard every one of Dean’s Casette tapes at least a hundred times over. Despite this, he had never heard this song before.
If this new feeling of weariness has anything to do with his slow descent into humanity, Castiel doesn’t acknowledge it.
Crowley smirks as he marks the page in his book and sets it aside. He looks back up at Sam, considering the hunter.
There will still be an update Friday or Saturday like normal, but there wasn't a good way to cut this stuff up and I really didn't want to leave things hanging for an entire week considering the way this chapter ends. Thanks to everyone who has read and commented and kudo'd!
Death rolls his eyes, “Yes, what’s the worst that could happen when the Winchesters are involved? Absolutely nothing I’m sure.”
“Dean? Cass? Are you guys -- Oh my god!”
“I don’t know if she has controlled my actions before, but it’s something Naomi said when they found me while I was protecting the angel tablet...”
“You want me to start over? Kick off a brand new series of --?”
“Abaddon isn’t only a knight of Hell,” Kevin says, “She was one of the first demons."
Sam kicks Gabriel hard in the leg, which only succeeds in sending a shock of pain through his own foot. When he looks back at his brother and Castiel, they’re staring at each other again. Fan-freaking-tastic.
Sam blinks at him for a moment before he catches up, “No! Well, yes… I guess.”
“You have a grandmother named ‘Dean’?” Castiel asks, head tilting to the side in confusion.
Sam shakes his head at him, a small smile crossing his lips. Dean looks ahead, holding out a hand to bring Sam to a stop. Through the trees the sunset filters in among the leaves. Up ahead, the flickering glow of what looks like fire brightens the woods around it. They move as quick as they dare, coming upon a clearing. Using the trees and deepening shadows to hide their presence, Dean peers around to get an idea of what they are up against.
“Are you kidding me?” Dean asks, in awe, "There’s a literal stairway to Heaven? Sam, look!”
Sam sighs, “You know how Dean is when he gets like that. He didn’t mean what he said this morning.”
Dean follows Castiel’s lead. They cross the lawn over into the parking lot, part of which wraps around to the front of their building. From where Castiel is parked, they should be able to see what’s going on. Castiel glances over as they weave through cars. The fire trucks have arrived, but there doesn’t seem to be any haste to the firefighters’ movements. Whatever happened must not be too bad. He watches Dean make a face at the dinged and scratched exterior of his older model Honda Accord. Castiel unlocks his door, hitting the button on the inside to do the same for Dean.
“Cas…” Dean manages. He meant it to sound more reassuring, but it comes out as part whimper, part plead.
“First sign of trouble, you call.”
Dean leans in, closing what little space there had been between them. As with all things, Castiel follows him, eyes slipping closed as they meet in the middle.
“No,” Castiel says, in a huff, unsure why he is so agitated by Dean’s behavior.
“Why are you two here? You’re not dead.”
“I believe I prefer it this way.”
Sam moves around to look at Dean’s laptop to see a video chat open, “Hey Jody, Donna. You’re watching this too?”
“About two hours,” Dean says, running his hand up and down Castiel’s arm, “so it’ll be awhile.”
The angels attack first, the mass of hybrids quick on their heels to fill in any blanks as they run towards them. It’s a whirlwind of slashing blades and flapping wings. Castiel finds Jophiel fighting with Bobby and Ellen. He had been the one to bring Jophiel in on their mission. It's his fault Metatron was alerted to their presence. He had left them open to this attack. It’s fitting that Castiel buries the blade deep into the angel’s back. Bobby and Ellen both hide their eyes as Jophiel flashes out, mostly out of habit, but Castiel watches.
“Soup again?” Dean asks.
Dean moans as Castiel finally presses in. He takes his time, not wanting to cause Dean too much pain. In truth, Dean likes it rough. He doesn’t mind some discomfort. Likes riding that line between pain and pleasure. Sometimes Castiel can err on the side of caution a little too much for Dean’s tastes. When he bottoms out, he gives Dean time to adjust before setting a steady pace.
“Well I’ll be damned,” Ellen says as she takes a step into the apartment.
“I’m not leaving you. I’m going to be with you… Right here…” Dean says, placing his hand over Sam’s heart, “Everyday. Everyday you’re out there and you’re li— And you’re living and you’re fighting, ‘cause you — you always keep fighting. You hear me?”
“I can’t believe we’re back here again is all,” Dean folds his arms resting them against the table, “The demon blood thing and Azazel. I thought we were done with all that.”
Dean looks completely disgusted as he closes his eyes as he tries to gather himself, “Do I even want to know why you’d want to help him?”
“There are a couple more tests we want to run."
“Why are you naked?”
“That’s it?” Sam asks, when his brother fails to elaborate.
He looks away from Sam, choosing to stare up at the ceiling instead, “You won’t have much time. What grace I have left will help me stay under longer than normal, but I won’t be able to hold it indefinitely.”
“Last time he was some old dude!” Dean says to Sam then turns to point an accusing finger at the woman, “You’re supposed to be some old geezer not a -- A --”
Castiel hasn’t moved, but his eyes find Dean’s, “You are?”
“You’ve got to talk to him. Can you imagine what Cass is going through right now?”
Kevin and Charlie have an edge to their voices, both on the tipping point of panic.
Time passes for both Castiel and Dean, a few months to Castiel equalling a few years to Dean. The angel and his human become somewhat of an attraction to Castiel’s brothers in the Host. Many have watched Castiel take time out to seek Dean as his charge looks back at the sky. It confuses and amuses most of them, angering those who still cling to the old ways, but Castiel doesn’t care. For those brief shining moments, he's almost connected to Dean again.
“Having plenty of fun right here, short stuff,” Dean says with a smirk, kissing Castiel again as he pushes Jack away by the helmet.
Dean rolls his eyes and leans against the altar, “All right, then why did you ditch the party?”
“I’ve tried.”
“Sam, get a move on!”
Kevin runs up the stairs towards them, “What happened? Did you close the gates?”
Dean smiles, “Guess it’s a good thing it’s not lost then.”
Dean rolls his eyes, but plops down in the seat across from his little brother. Sam had been reading, though Dean had caught his little brother staring at him more than once over the last hour.
He leaves the offending pile on the yellow tile floor, making sure to close the door tight behind him as he heads back out into the room, his bare feet padding across the carpet. Castiel stands in the doorway, half of him hanging outside like he’s talking to someone. Sam is sitting on his bed, laptop on his lap, staring at Castiel’s back.
“How are you holding up?” Dean asks, hoping to sideline the topic for now.
“Doesn’t that all come down to the same thing?”
Sam runs a hand through his hair, “It’s OK, Dean, we’ll figure it out.”
“Okay,” Cas scoffs, “If you don’t like reckless, I could use insouciant maybe.”
“But I guess a reminder isn’t a bad thing to have," Dean says, thoughtful, "Ya know, if I’m like out of town or something.”
Bobby glares at him, “What would I have tied it to? They didn't build convenient hooks into the side of this thing.”
“So basically what you’re saying is, we’ve got nothing to fight with and, even if we did, we’ve got nothing to go on.”
Dean stares at him, “Fine, let’s say for a moment you really believe that, then what’s with the bobbing and weaving business? Come on Cass, you’ll suck my dick, but you won’t let me kiss you?”
“Why did you have Enochian engraved on the inside?"
“I’m starting to feel like a glorified chauffeur,” Gabriel says, grumpy.
“You used to wear kilts.”
This had somehow turned into the weirdest damn night of Dean’s life and frankly, that’s saying something. Gabriel and Sam being…together definitely tops the list, but unfortunately the winged arch-dick had a point. As Dean turns and looks into Castiel’s eyes, he realizes he does have something he wants to say to Cas.
“Only a few of his fellows agreed to come with him, but Jophiel suggested they meet up with us here before following you out,” Gadreel says with a shrug, “It is something to think about. At any rate, it will take us a day or two to prepare for departure. You are welcome to stay with us in the interim.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, distracted, “Yeah, I’m sure you’re right.”
“It was all part of the plan. With the other archangels out of the way, I can take over.”
His eyes linger on the burned out husk of the house Bobby had once called home. It hurts more than he would have guessed to see it. Of course he knows Bobby has passed on. Not only that, thanks to Sam, he knows the old hunter has found his way to Heaven. He is safe, and with any luck happy, or at least as happy as Bobby can be. Still something catches in Castiel’s chest as he looks over the charred beams. It wasn’t just the Winchesters who had come to consider Bobby’s place a surrogate home.
The figure doesn’t turn. Dean tries again, but his voice isn't much louder than it had been on his previous try. He puts his feet on autopilot, all his attention focused on getting to the end of this corridor and out into that cavern. Dean can see a white glow in the middle of it, a few inches away from where Castiel is standing. He can hear Castiel’s voice echoing in the chamber up ahead. The tone rings wrong to Dean’s ears. Ramiel is still in the pilot seat.
“Why would Heaven care who people want to spend their eternity with?”
“Quiet! Can I have quiet, please?” the man asks, shouting over the chorus of murmurs from the large crowd.
“I uh…kind of?”
“Why am I wearing a dress?” Dean asks.
“Of course.”
Sam shrugs, “He’s an angel. I guess we could try praying.”
“I’m afraid my insider information doesn’t extend that far,” Crowley says, edging closer to Abaddon, his voice quieter, “But it’s something about opening doors that have been locked up tight and the keys thrown away.”
“You seem uh, good,” Dean says.
“I think all of them would disagree with you,” Castiel says.
“Please, this is the stuff they teach in demon primary school, surely it’s Angel 101."
“You guys ready?”
Henry takes a deep breath, “I believe whoever is now in control of Heaven is taking some of the human souls. Just not enough to attract any kind of attention and never more than one person from a family group.”
Castiel gives a small nod and Dean has just enough time to flip his traitorous brother and Gabriel off before he feels that familiar, highly uncomfortable pull. Before he knows it, he’s lying in warm sand on a beach somewhere with an arm full of angel. The sun slips slowly past the horizon, painting the sky a blood red as Dean drags Cas down for another kiss.
Castiel looks at Sam for the first time since they’d recovered Dean, “I’m going to speak with Dean.”
Dean hears him, but he’s too busy watching Sam and trying not to laugh. Sam stares at Gabriel, his mouth opening and closing as he tries to find something to say, but his brain keeps coming back with an error code. Gabriel looks between the two of them like they’ve both lost it.
“Look, I don’t know what’s going on here,” Rufus says, “We were just -”
“Still, I’m sorry, Cass.”
“All right, so I’m fucking dead! That’s bad enough, but do you two really need to go all Demi Moore on me? No chick flick moments, remember? Seriously, where did I go wrong with you guys?”
“Are you sure?” Sam says, glancing to Dean.
Truth be told, this was Jo’s fault. It all started when she wanted to see if she could out drink Castiel. She'd figured that being new to drinking and all, he would be a complete lightweight. She'd been wrong. The angel downed shot after shot after shot after ten more shots, all without feeling a thing.
It’s harder now that they’re souls without bodies. Everything in Heaven, at least up until now, had existed in some part because the souls had created it. Anything they interacted with in their own personal Heavens reacted the same way it would have down on Earth because they expected it to act that way. Because they created a version of it that would. Things that were made for the angels and by the angels exist outside of what the human souls can create. They’re not part of what they experience as Heaven in the same way that everything else is. As a result, there’s a ton of clanging around as angel blades drop from rookie fingers or through the hands of veterans having a momentary lapse in concentration.
Castiel is too stunned to speak. He had once asked Dean if he could try driving the Impala, an idea that had been shot down almost before he could get the full question out. He hadn't asked again, but that had been a long time ago, when Castiel had started to fall during the Apocalypse.
“Sam, is he --?”
Cas folds his arms, leering at Castiel in triumph, “See?”
Sometime he’d love to be wrong about stuff like this, but the next morning proves him right once again. He knows that things are not all unicorns and sunshine between him and Castiel as soon as the angel opts to ride with Ellen and Jo. Sam comments on it, but Dean ignores him, hoping his brother is still too hungover to dwell on it.
“That’s why Bobby’s not here,” Dean says, ignoring his brother.
“It is pleasant,” Castiel says, voice gruffer than it should be.
Castiel gazes around the lot as they walk, taking in the rusting cars and broken hunks of metal sitting in Bobby Singer’s abandoned salvage yard. Sam had sent them on an errand to gather some of the rare books the old hunter had left buried behind one of his work sheds. Castiel suspects Sam was more interested in getting his brother out of his hair. Once the local hunts near the Bunker had run dry, Sam's attempts to keep Dean busy were becoming more and more farfetched.
“I don’t care.”
Blue suit holds up his hands, “My apologies for the rough treatment, but we needed a place to talk. Privately.”
Even Dean can hear the defensiveness in his voice, so he knows Sam picked up on it. Damn it. He doesn't know what his problem is. He doesn't have anything to be defensive about. Dean rubs at his forehead, frustrated.
“What?”
“Damned if I know,” Bobby says, as he takes a drink, “Been keeping an eye out. Haven’t seen anyone on the streets since we all got reassigned. I don’t think there’s been anyone patrolling the hallway either.”
He looks up at Castiel, his blue eyes studying Dean from over the crook of his arm.
“There is no other place I’d rather be. I’m not leaving you here alone. If I have to, I’ll drag you out myself,” Castiel says, pulling back to make Dean look at him. The angel gives him a small smile, “Even if you fight me. Even if you throw a tantrum and tell me this is what you deserve. None of which would surprise me in the least, by the way.”
“You would have let him,” Dean says, breath tickling near his ear. His fingers play with it, but he doesn’t undo the button, “Not what I’m after. Not yet anyway.”
“I’m a tax accountant for Sandover in Kansas City.”
“So he was kind of high up on Heaven’s tower of power,” Dean says.
“You don’t even know what I’m going to ask.”
The smell of alcohol on Castiel’s breath reminds him why. The angel starts kissing along Dean’s jawline, long fingers somehow now playing at the hem of his t-shirt and he knows where this is going and god, does Dean ever want it.
When Joshua’s name is mentioned, Gabriel goes still, the grin dropping from his face. Sam has never seen him stay in one spot for so long. The guy is one big ball of boundless energy when he’s calm.
“When in Rome. Literally,” Bobby says, as they stroll by the Pantheon, sat between a red brick high rise and a cafe that looks like it came straight off a postcard from Paris.
The fallen angel sighs, unsure of how to begin. He lets his fingers trail across the cool metal of the handlebars before his hand comes to rest on the headlight.
Joshua takes his hand as Dean and Castiel stand, “Always happy to be of service to the Winchesters, and you know where I am should you need me again.”
“I don’t know,” Henry says, “but souls are a powerful force. It’s hard to imagine what kind of damage someone could do if they could find a way to harness vast quantities of that kind of energy.”
The thought brings him up short. It’s a stupid, reckless idea that drifts through Dean’s mind and he’s going to make it work even if it kills him. Dean presses his hand against Castiel’s chest. He does what Sam had taught the others when they’d been prepping for this fight, he murmurs a few lines of Latin, putting it on repeat as he concentrates. Dean imagines himself untying the strands of grace entwined with his soul. He has tapped into it enough times by now that he knows what he should be feeling. There’s nothing. The grace won’t budge. Dean pulls back for a second, frantically trying to figure out what to do. Castiel’s heartbeat grows fainter with each passing second.
Sam doesn’t answer, just stares at the screen.
Castiel sighs, “I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about.”
“The dick got what he wanted,” Dean says, shrugging as gives up on his staring match with Castiel to look at Sam, “He’s got the penthouse suite all to himself.”
“Yes,”
“We shoulda brought snacks. I could go for a burger right about now,” Dean mumbles.
Sam watches as Dean’s face twists into an odd cross between grief and confusion upon hearing the new voice. He’s distracted, however, when the formerly out of commission cheerleader extricates herself from the pile of books she’d landed in. She moves to stand between where Dean and Cas are huddled on the library floor and where Sam stands in the kitchen.
“I bought this stuff. I didn’t want to let it go to waste.”
It’s like listening to a mother chastising a misbehaving child, and Sam can’t help but grin. Mary is using her mom voice on a damn archangel. Since Mary is the only one still dressed like a normal person, Sam would be willing to bet this isn’t the first time she’s used that tone up here.
“I got up before anyone else did. I didn’t want Sam or Bobby to see. Tucked you in on the couch before heading off to my room,” Dean says, regret coloring his tone, “I’m not good at saying things, Cas, but I thought you should know.”
“They’re fine physically. Mentally is a bit of a mixed bag I’d say, but there’s no way to be sure. I didn't get much face time with the new recruits on our tour of the facilities.”
“He’s down there,” Sam says, bending down.
Sam has always known that his brother can be kind of an idiot, but Dean’s out doing himself today. Much to Dean’s dismay, Sam had insisted on hiding in the shadows for this ridiculous stunt. He knew full well that this would not go over how his brother had gleefully imagined and Sam wanted to be close by for damage control.
“What will happen to him if I say no?”
He tosses his phone to the side and rubs his eyes, exhausted. He looks over at Castiel, who hasn’t moved much since Dean had managed to lay him on one of the beds in the motel room. It took forever to manhandle an unconscious Castiel out of his trench coat and suit jacket. Dean had taken his dress shoes off too and threw a cover over him, hoping that would at least make Castiel a little more comfortable while he slept.
Sleep sounds good to Dean. It’s been a long couple of days, if not a long couple of years. As he closes the heavy curtains, drenching the cramped room in darkness, he figures they’ve all been long. He checks Castiel one last time. Once Dean is satisfied that he’s resting peacefully, he flops down on the second bed, asleep in minutes.
Dean leans into the touch. It relaxes him a little too much, because he hears himself talking when he’s pretty sure he had decided to keep his trap shut from here on out.
“Never.”
His vision blurs. Dean can see Sam, but his little brother’s features are bleeding into each other. He tries to answer Sam, but words won’t come. Nothing comes to him. Dean closes his eyes, the blankness finally taking over, Sam screaming his name is the last thing he hears.
Sam, stretched out on the soft, brown leather couch, doesn’t look at him. He’s scowling at the flickering flames in the red brick fireplace like it insulted him.
Dean swallows, “Yeah.”
“You need to calm down.”
No one pays them any mind as they make their way towards the factory Bobby works in. They move as quick as they dare, without looking like they’re in any big hurry. It’s a fine line they’d both long since learned to walk. Celestial eyes are one thing, but humans are just as likely to turn you in if they think there's a juicy reward in it for them. They would be fools to think there aren’t at least a small group of souls on the newest flavor of big bad's payroll. They arrive at Bobby’s work station without incident. None of the doors are locked when they get there. The factory floor is silent. The only light in the place comes through the windows, thanks to the eternal sunny day they’ve had since the big change. What Bobby wouldn’t give for something different. A spring rain shower or a thunderstorm would have never looked so good. They slip into the broom cupboard, finding it empty.
“Who’d need to? There’s no going through these doors. No going anywhere unless whatever is keeping us here is wants you to.”
He puts up with Dean's scrutinization, trying to figure out if Sam is hiding how bad he really is. The way Sam sees it, there isn't anything they can do about whatever is broken in him right now, so as long as he can function, they might as well move on.
“Dean, It’s... Kevin found something and I -” Sam sputters, unable to get out a full sentence.
“You were sneaking to Cass’ room for a late night rendezvous.”
“Can you bring Dean back?” Castiel asks.
“Yeah, Zachariah stalked us like the creepier he was, then we met up with you in the Garden.”
He shakes his head, trying to clear it. Naomi had told him that his memories had been erased and she had reset him multiple times. Too many times. She spoke of him as if he were a damaged product, and he supposes she was more right than he would like to admit or that she could have even guessed. Regardless, he feels like he can no longer trust what lingers in his mind. For all he knows, memories could be dreams and dreams could be memories. He feels so lost in so many ways, the feeling is almost overwhelming.
“Dude, this is full on art.”
Day and night, Castiel keeps watch. He was called on by one of his brothers for a mission once or twice, but declined and had otherwise been left alone. The angel isn’t sure how long he has stood in the dilapidated building, unseen by humans who happened his way. He knows it's been long enough for him to memorize the cracks and holes in the blue walls over and over again. He even has the comings, goings, the new arrivals, and the deaths of the little mouse family that lives there down to a science.
The bunker fills up with memories and photographs as time passes. Dean finds he likes photography and he’s good at it. There’s something about being able to save part of these moments as they pass while still savoring them while they’re here. There are pictures of Sam, Eileen, and DJ as the kid grows. Some are of Dean teaching DJ how to take care of the Impala. Some of DJ and Dean on road trips to the Grand Canyon or a concert for a band Dean doesn’t know well, but the kid loves. There is a picture of Jody smiling next to a burnt turkey and the hamburgers she and Dean quickly made to replace it one holiday.
“Yes, I do.”
“What I am sure about is that you’re going to let Castiel go or --”
Castiel’s back is to him. All Dean can see is a rumpled top of black hair poking out from under their cover. It takes some effort, but Dean scoots his body over closer to Castiel, one arm snaking around the fallen angel’s waist as Dean nuzzles along the short hairs at the nape of Castiel’s neck.
Ramiel laughs, “What are you going to do? You’re a ghost trapped in the back of my mind now, Cassiel.”
He catches Sam’s eye from across the expanse. They nod at each other, pausing a beat longer to check weapons, then spring out at the same time. Both tackle two of the figures dragging them away from the dais. The third stays still, growling out the incantation, appearing oblivious to the chaos erupting around them. Dean clocks the witch he’s fighting in the face. The figure staggers back. They grab at Dean, an elbow catching him in the stomach before a fist connects with his jaw. Dean staggers back, doubling over to hide his movements as he pulls his machete from his jacket. The figure approaches. When they gets within arms’ length, Dean lashes out. He swings upwards, strong and true, the witch’s head rolling off into the line of tries outside the glow of the torches. The body falls to the ground in a heap.
“What the hell?” Dean asks to no one in particular, as both open their eyes and turn to the church at large.
“Yeah, yours,” Dean says, pushing against Castiel for good measure, “You won’t let me talk now. You wouldn’t let me talk in Bobby’s garage --”
“Not that I’m not glad to meet another friendly face around here, but what exactly is it you want with me?”
Once he's finished with his arts and crafts project, Dean stands in the middle of the sigil. Closing his eyes, he takes a deep breath. He concentrates on Sam instead of Castiel, afraid that the connection will be too weak. Ramiel will want to meet up with his knight for hire and wherever Abaddon is, Dean is sure Sam will be hot on her heels. He recites the required lines of Enochian, hesitating a little on some of the pronunciation.
Everything is a blur of blood and screaming. Dean tears through darkened streets, trying to get away. He can hear people crying behind closed doors. Screams fill the air and all Dean knows is he needs to get out of here. It’s like something is chasing him down, but when he looks around, he doesn’t see anything. There’s nothing there except the knowledge that regardless of what his eyes are telling him, something is lurking in the shadows and if it catches him, it will devour him.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says, smiling at him, “Did you get it cleaned to?”
“Two weeks. A little more, I guess.”
“Charlie?” Dean says, taking the mic from Ash, “Charlie is that you?”
“You will?” Dean asks, surprised.
Crowley’s eyes drift towards him. It’s an effort for him to find and focus on Kevin, but he manages. Crowley’s brow furrows, confusion clear on his face.
“Warding still good?”
Sam stays in a university owned apartment building on the outskirts of the campus. It’s a nice place. He has a roommate, or rather had a roommate. The guy has already packed up and left for the summer. Sam lucked out and got to keep his same place for his upcoming junior year, so at least they won’t have to pack up his stuff and haul it back to Lawrence or rent some storage space for the few months between semesters. Moving sucks. He feels better when he gets back to Sam’s apartment. It’s like Sam said, Castiel is probably busy. Dean gets that.
“Do you have any African dream root here?” Castiel asks, out of nowhere.
“Dean, stop!” he hears Gabriel calling out from somewhere behind him.
“No.”
Castiel refuses to look at him, still staring under the hood, “It’s not you.”
He nods, watching as Gabriel whispers to Sam. His little brother gives a shrug, shaking his head as he holds up his watch, pointing at it. Dean can see the seconds ticking away, slower than they ever would on Earth or even in Heaven. They were right on time when they walked through the doors of the church, but the minute hand is getting closer to ticking over past their allotted hour and Jack still hasn’t opened the door. Something’s wrong.
Sam tries to give her an encouraging smile. Ted looks like he’s trying to decide if he should stand up, as if he were a kid getting ready to give a speech in school. In the end he remains seated, eyes looking somewhere off over Dean and Castiel’s heads.
He has seconds before Abaddon regains control and kills him. They pass like hours, ticking by as Sam pours everything he has into keeping her still. She rounds on Sam, knocking his arms away, her eyes ablaze with rage as she goes in for the kill. Gabriel beats her to it. Sam watches as her eyes go wide, the archangel’s blade rammed up through her neck, disappearing somewhere inside her skull.
“Quality stuff?”
Neither one of them say anything for a moment.
“You, Anna, and the rest could buy us enough time,” Dean says, “If you guys have been fighting Raphael and all the other winged dicks up here, you’ve got to have some angels on your side.”
**********
“He’s fine. Truly, he’s…” A thought crosses Castiel’s mind in that moment, making him pause, “Do you want me to get him? Will you stay right here if I go?”
“Yeah, Cass?” Dean asks, amused by how winded Castiel sounds.
“Wow.”
They near the Impala and Dean points to the hood, “Sit.”
“Cass, please.”
Crowley raises an eyebrow, “I will soon enough.”
There’s no way. There’s no damn way that this thing standing in front of him was Castiel. Dean knows his angel. He knows Cass.
Without waiting for an answer, she hauls Sam away and Dean couldn’t be happier to see her go.
“I’m sure.”
Castiel rolls his eyes, “Only once to my knowledge.”
“You think?” Dean says, in a relieved huff as he sinks down to sit next to Castiel.
“You were moaning my name in your sleep,” Castiel says, as he heads to the bathroom with a smirk, “I didn’t think you would mind.”
It occurs to Dean much too late that he should have seen the flaw in Castiel’s logic. Dean knows himself. If anything, he knows the worst parts better than the rest. It was never going to be Dean that the damned part of him would come for.
“Ash is our Heavenly IT guy,” Bobby says to Henry, “He can build pretty much anything computerized needs building and he’s fluent in Enochian too.”
Of course it was. A romantic reunion at an airport, sappy enough for your sappiest of Lifetime movies. Sam is such a sentimental dork. Dean can’t help but grin a little bit. The whole thing is ridiculous. Castiel brightens at the change in Dean’s demeanor, but he still looks cautious like he expects Dean to turn and walk away at any moment. Dean wants to be mad. He’s wasted months thinking Castiel didn’t care. That he didn’t even like him enough to send him a ‘thanks for the bang see you again never’ text or something.
“What? No!”
Castiel shakes his head, at a loss. It’s hard to explain to Dean, especially when he can’t fully explain it to himself.
“That doesn’t concern you. You have your orders. Carry them out, and you will have proven that you are all that you promised you would be,” Abaddon says, getting in his face, “Cross me, and there will be no place for you to hide on Earth or in Hell where I won’t be able to find you. Clear?”
“Do you think he got something out of Crowley?”
“We aren’t here to talk about freaking souls,” Dean shouts as his panic gets the best of him, causing a few people nearby to look over at them. Jophiel waves them off with a reassuring smile, “We’ve got bigger fish to fry.”
“You think?” Sam says, gripping the angel blade in his hand tight as he tackles a burly looking mook.
“Then shoot a few bullets and throw a few punches,” Sam says, with a shrug of his shoulders, “If you have the skills, it shouldn’t be a big deal.”
“How can you not be angry?”
“Says you Sam-witch.”
And then he’s gone. They wave to each other as they go their separate ways. Dean takes the escalator down to baggage claim and spots his too tall little brother before he even makes it off the escalator. He hugs Sam when he gets close enough. They head towards the door, Sam throwing him weird looks the whole way out to the parking garage.
Castiel glares up at him, “And that’s what you need isn’t it? If you’ve looked into my memories, then you know what Dean is capable of. You know what he and Sam have managed to do even when they’re up against the worst of odds.”
“The lords of Hell.”
“Finally some good news,” Dean says.
Castiel shakes his head.
An unexpected gleam flickers in those dim, beaten down eyes. He smiles the first real smile Dean thinks he’s ever seen from this Cas, “Thank you, Dean.”
He really needs to stop putting all his eggs in the hope basket.
“Cas, I-” Dean stops, panic slowly rising in his eyes. Cas is almost afraid to blink for fear that Dean will bolt, “I…”
Castiel steps in front of Dean, “We have no quarrel with you, Puriel.”
“That attitude right there is the reason you’re known as the difficult brother amongst us supernatural creatures.”
“As a heart attack.”
“Dude, get the hell out of my room!”
“What about you?” Dean asks, “Where are you going to be?”
“Does this mean we get to do more of that now?” Castiel asks, the breathless tone to his voice catching him by surprise.
“My Heaven would have a lot more beer and burgers and a whole lot less of you,” Dean says, “And pants. Definitely pants.”
Sam shakes his head at him, “I know you’re not happy about trusting Crowley, but it’s kind of the only lead we have to go on right now.”
It had been a dig, designed to get under his Dean’s skin. It had worked and he’d been punished for it. He can almost feel the rough wood of the back of his cabin scraping into his cheek as his Dean had taken him from behind. He can recall with vivid clarity the burn and the pain as skin tore and blood was drawn from his Dean’s brutal attentions. And that hadn’t been the worst of it.
The ringing of his phone brings Castiel back to the present. Retrieving it from the depths of his pocket, he looks at it, momentarily surprised by the name he sees.
“I don’t think this is filled with potpourri.”
Dean glances at his watch. 2:52 a.m. He stretches, trying to hide a yawn. He doesn’t want to sleep. Dean likes this guy, and he’s never going to see him again after they get on their plane, whenever that might be. He wants to enjoy Castiel while he can.
“Look as much as I’d like to continue listening to you yell at me, I’m beat.”
“Well, keep trying,” Ellen says giving a fruitless tug against her bonds, “It’s hard to say how long it might take the guys to realize what’s going on here.”
Grunting, Dean speeds up, holding tighter to the fallen angel. Letting one arm slip down, Cas grabs his own dick, jacking himself off in time with Dean. It’s a well-choreographed dance. It’s one they’ve practiced over and over again, though only sporadically since the night Cas fucked everything up. They come almost at the same time, so in sync in their dysfunction.
Sam snorts, “Sounds more like rationalizations than understanding to me. I was wondering if we’d see the douchey version of Crowley again.”
“Too bad it’s closed. I could use a little pick me up right about now,” Dean says, shuffling through his own stack, “Hey look, here’s a picture of Sam from his high school graduation.”
. It’s Jophiel,” Evelyn says, swatting at Edgar’s shoulder, “Honestly, how many times do I have to tell you?”
The voice is off. The gravely, low tones Dean is used to are gone. It’s lighter. Arrogant. There’s almost a lyrical quality to it.
“Yes.”
“A demon got the jump on Kevin and Crowley pushed him out of the way.”
“Who else then?”
Joshua chuckles, “Zachariah controlled most of your time in Heaven, bringing up memories designed to cause strife between you and Sam, but when you came to the Garden, you both picked the same place.”
“That was my reaction, too,” Kevin say as he emerges from the depths of the Bunker.
“Of course he’s busy, but somehow he always seemed to find enough time for you.”
So much for a sneak attack. Dean had been so sure Castiel would have already been asleep. Instead, he’s standing near his bookshelf, paused in his search for something to read.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Castiel asks, torn between relief and outrage.
He hears Sam stand up and cross the room, the edge of Dean’s bed dipping when his brother sits down.
“…you know the mechanics of it. All you have to do is open yourself up and Dean will take it from there.”
Castiel steals away from the festivities, seeking quiet and finding it in the nearby church. The dimmed lights cast a warm glow through the structure. The candles Sam had lit earlier in the evening still burn brightly, lining the length of the aisle. The dancing flame even manages to make the yards of Castiel’s most hated tulle draped along the pews look better. The angel finds himself standing in front of the altar, close to the spot where Dean had stood a few hours before. His eyes travel to the flowers placed on the altar. It’s a simple arrangement of the snapdragons Sam had purchased the day before, held together by a mix of green and blue ribbon.
After their meal, Dean takes Castiel towards some of the game booths. He dares Cas to try bobbing for apples, expecting to watch the angel flounder and completely douse himself with water. To his utter amazement, it takes Castiel only a few seconds to capture one. Staying almost completely dry, there is only the faint shine of water glistening around Castiel’s mouth as he stands. Not to be outdone, Dean tries his luck. The slippery little devils refuse to stay still for him and he nearly drowns himself when his hands slip on the wet sides of the wooden barrel.
Dean ignores him, looking back to Sam, who’s growing more agitated by the minute.
Sam lets out the breath he’d been holding, relief surging through him “Sure. Anything.”
Castiel does as he’s told. Dean leans in closer, carefully painting large black circles around Castiel’s eyes.
“Humans as a whole? I have no idea,” Castiel huffs in irritation. He begins to turn away from the hunter, but Dean pulls him back, tugging him closer until they’re only a few inches apart, “If it was me, though? I’d say something like, I know I’m an idiot and I know I make a mess of things sometimes --”
“The other angels that fell with Lucifer, moron,” Crowley says, as he takes a seat next to Sam on the couch as he sits up, Kevin following suit, "The lords of Hell each owned their own faction of the Pit, with the knights acting as their own personal armies."
“That isn’t a word.”
“Sammy, you need to get out of here,” Dean says, pushing at Sam’s chest.
“Be careful, Cass,” Dean whispers against his lips.
He can feel Ramiel bristle at Castiel’s implications, “You don’t believe I can control them? I’m an archangel.”
Sam gets up and moves around the table, not sure what his brother is going to do next. In hindsight, it would have been a good idea to warn Dean before he hit the state line.
It takes Castiel a second before he recognizes them as Dean and Sam’s parents. How John and Mary Winchester managed to find themselves in angel Heaven is beyond Castiel, but however it had occurred, he is glad Dean and Sam were able to get them out. It could not have been pleasant being the only two human souls trapped among Castiel’s brothers and sisters. Castiel gives Dean a probing look as he hands his parents the blades. Dean seems to be in good health, but he looks tired. The trip hadn’t served him any better than it had Gabriel, even if Dean is still on his feet. Dean must feel his eyes on him.
“Wasn’t Billie trying to kill you guys?”
Sam glances at his watch, “We’re right on time.”
The question is so domestic, it stops Dean in his tracks. He looks up at Castiel. The fallen angel is leaning back against the headboard, dressed for bed and already under the covers. Dean’s room had started out with just enough stuff for him. One bedside table, a desk, and a few of his personal items to spruce up the place. Somewhere along the way, he gained a matching bedside table and the chair he’s sitting in now. Hell, even the shelf he’d originally had all his weapons spread out on had been shuffled off mostly to one side. It’s like the room had been waiting for someone else to fill it. He guesses maybe he had been waiting for it too.
“We will,” the other boy says.
Dean follows the direction where Bobby points next. His eyes linger there a moment with a small smile.
“I would much rather work with you on some uh, other things."
Dean is having trouble keeping eye contact because, contrary to all his years claiming otherwise, he is a complete sap and Castiel seems to make it a thousand times worse. He looks beyond the man in his arms, to the shiny, deep blue car gleaming in the lights of the garage, the two black stripes running down the middle of it from the hood to the tail end. They’d been able to finish the paint job on Bobby’s old Camaro a couple days ago. Dean guesses he’ll have to start thinking of it as Castiel’s new Camaro.
“How did -”
“Oh no, not again. I got too involved last time.”
“You’re asking the wrong guy. Theology isn’t my strong suit.”
“Yes, just tired.”
They hadn’t been able to locate any guns or knives or any of the normal fare as far as hunting gear goes. Bobby had been able to find a few pipes and a couple tools that were made of iron, but that was the extent of their weapon supply. Whether or not the iron they had found would work against anything up here remained to be seen. Worst case, Bobby is hoping they can beat the hell out of whatever comes at them, soul or otherwise.
There’s nothing Castiel can do. It’s not as though he can tell Dean he lost it. Dean doesn’t even know he’d had it in the first place. With a sigh, Castiel lifts himself up off the floor and heads to the kitchen. He can hear Sam and Dean discussing a few possible leads Sam has for their next hunt. Castiel opens the door and tries to put the ring as far from his mind as possible.
He trails off, not sure where he wants to go with all this. Too much is happening to quick.
He looks on as the two of them get to work, running back and forth across the Bunker, bouncing in and out of various rooms and supply closets. Crowley glances down at his watch. It’s already late afternoon. They’re on the clock.
Charles nods, “And these two are the main ones. Both receive the influx of power from the other stations, but we’re not sure what they’re running there or why.”
Jack pauses, staring at Castiel before nodding, “There are ways. Back ways. Old ways. It’ll take some time.”
Rubbing at his back, Castiel rests his chin on the top of Dean’s head as the hunter hides in the crook of his neck. He can feel the tears on his skin, soaking into the collar of his shirt. The scenes change around them still, but neither Castiel nor Dean pays them any mind. Castiel isn’t sure how long it takes for Dean to settle back down. When he does, Dean doesn’t release Castiel, keeping his arms wrapped firm around the angel’s waist underneath his trench coat. Dean holds onto Castiel like his life depends on it. Maybe it does.
“You good?” Dean asks, staring at him.
“It’s a cookie, Sam. Try to keep up.”
So, it is with a light heart that Castiel turns his thoughts towards the Earth at the appointed time to search for Dean, knowing their separation is almost over. The angel only wishes he could let him know somehow. It takes a few moments for Castiel to realize he’s not immediately zeroing in on Dean. Normally, Castiel locates his charge within seconds. Now, he can’t find the man anywhere.
Ash claps him on the shoulder, then gathers up his gear and joins the rest of the souls as they head off to fight. Dean faces the door, wrapping his hand around the cool metal of the doorknob. He closes his eyes when he opens the it, a bright white light blinding him. Drawing on whatever he has left in the tank, Dean steps through. He doesn’t feel too bad right now, but if he has to keep doing this, he’s going to wear out fast.
Millie gives them a cheery wave along with a map as they head out, making their way through the gardens. Dean remembers the field trip he had went on with Sam what feels like centuries ago, and while some of it looks familiar, the place has changed quite a bit. They walk along boardwalks built amongst the trees, taking some of the bridges and paths off the main drag, eyes searching everywhere for God’s wayward gardener. Besides Cass, Joshua had been one of the few angels Dean had ever liked. But considering the state of the angels they’d had the misfortune to run into thus far, he isn't sure how Joshua will have adjusted to his new life as a human.
“No rush."
Castiel puts a hand against Dean’s chest, muttering Enochian between coughs as he tries to force air in and out of his lungs. Blue light shines underneath his palm as he goes. He pushes everything he has into Dean. Castiel’s body betrays him in the end, giving out as the last shreds of grace leave him.
“I do not believe any further wooing will be necessary,” Castiel says in an embarrassed huff, a blush creeping across his cheeks, as he nudges Dean in the ribs with his elbow, “Now, can I please continue?”
“To what I said. The last time I saw you.”
There are sigils scrawled on the door and walls of the small room. Some of them look familiar, but many of them he has never seen before. Bobby lowers his mop, but keeps a firm hold on it, eying the stranger.
“I didn’t --”
“I’d say the same, but I can’t actually see you right now,” Jessica says. Sam can feel the vibration of her laugh as she pushes against him, “Sam, release.”
“She told me the angels had been in my head too many times to be safe. That there were things I don’t remember. Things I guess they erased for reasons they felt were justified at the time. Naomi said I came off the assembly line with a broken chassis. Apparently, I have always been a problem.”
Dean’s brow furrows, thoughtful as he watches Castiel. He opens his mouth to say something, but their attention is drawn by the loss of light outside the car as the firetrucks start to pull away. Castiel looks out the windshield. People are filtering back into the apartment building. They must have been given the all clear.
“No, it’s freaking awesome.”
Considering the potential sacrifices Castiel is asking of his brothers and sisters, Gadreel does not make him wait long. The sun is starting to dip towards the horizon, the store fronts and buildings casting deep shadows as warm, welcoming lights glow out through the shop windows. Castiel sees Gadreel come around the bend, walking along the sidewalk and making his away over to Castiel once he spots him.
“I’m fine.”
“Dean, we can stop this. If I get back to the Impala. Get back into town. I can find something to counteract this.”
Sam and Dean turn toward it, coming face to face with Uriel.
He can’t ignore this, though. It’s like the ache goes straight down to his bones and no amount of rest or sleep will get rid of it. He gets some reprieve during the day when he is up doing something or is distracted by the people around him. Night is a different story. He misses Castiel. On the other nights this has happened, Dean would wait out the sick feeling, wash himself up a bit, then head back to bed. It's a comfort having Castiel lying in their bed, fast asleep. It was something worth dragging himself back to. Now, he doesn’t have that incentive.
He’d had to talk himself down after the attack on the beach. He’d spent most of his time hiding from the rest of himself after the Mark had taken over. The feeling of having the worst parts of himself devouring him was almost more than Dean could handle. The fact that it had Castiel was the only thing that had gotten Dean up, first staggering and then sprinting through the forest. Branches grab at his shirt and coat like hands trying to hold him back. He has cuts where thorny bushes have ripped through his clothes and tore into his hands as he makes his way through.
“Do you know if there are any lords of Hell left?” Sam asks.
“Winchester jumbo-sized and the rest of their motley crew of hunters are still out there. If your minions do manage to kill his brother and their pet angel, he could get down right ugly.”
Crowley had been calling Sam periodically to check in, but it’s not until the following evening that he calls for a ride to the Bunker. Dean had insisted on keeping the exact location of the Bunker a secret from Crowley, which all things considered, Sam agrees with. He might trust Crowley, but he isn't willing to put the lives of everyone he loves in danger based on that instinct. He meets Crowley about 40 miles outside the dead zone surrounding the bunker. Sam is waiting for him when he gets there. After blindfolding the ex-demon, they head out, driving back in silence. He can feel the tension radiating off of Crowley.
“I know.”
“It means something to me!” Castiel shouts as he slams his hands down on the on the altar, jarring the bundle of flowers.
“Come for another round have we?”
“Like hell you are.”
Sam threw his cell phone down on the table in frustration as Dean ended his call with Bobby. He watches Sam drag a frustrated hand through his hair.
Abaddon gets the best of Gabriel, either due to his diminished grace or the lack of recent battle experience. She pushes him back into a corner, trapping him between the stone outer wall of the library and herself. Sam moves behind her, cautious as he goes. He doesn't want to give away his movements until the last possible minute. He closes the distance between them in a few long strides and buries his angel blade in her back.
Sam puts Kevin to task translating more of the tablet while somehow managing to keep things under def-con 1 levels of panic. From the look Crowley gives him, the former demon is aware of how much the stakes have been raised. Sam does his own research, combing the extensive library left to them by the Men of Letters, but the day passes and he comes up with zilch. He wrestles the tablet from Kevin around dinner time, forcing the prophet to take some time to eat and relax. He fares better with the food. After they finish, he has to threaten to lock Kevin in his room if he doesn’t at least try to get some sleep. Kevin went, grumbling under his breath, but when Sam stops by a half hour later to make sure the kid is in there, he is out like a light.
“More like billions of mini nuclear reactors, but yes,” Charles says, “The amount of power we’re talking about here is astronomical. Whatever Metatron is up to is bad news and probably not just for Heaven, but for Earth as well.”
For the life of him, Crowley can’t find an answer to that one.
“Bit on the torturous side of things were they?”
“I pushed you away too,” Dean says, sighing.
Dean hasn’t looked at him yet, his vacant stare directed at the kitchen in front of him. Castiel doesn’t want to frighten him and do more damage to Dean’s already fragile psyche. Instead, Castiel sits on the ground next to him. Waiting. He watches the scene unfold, expecting something awful to happen. Nothing does. John comes in through the backdoor, hugging Mary and giving her a kiss on the cheek as he puts his lunchbox down on the counter. John turns and smiles.
Dean is so distracted by the rhythmic raise and fall of Castiel’s chest, he doesn’t notice eyelids fluttering. A blazing blue light fills the room as Castiel’s eyes snap open. Dean is sent flying by a force he can’t see. He crashes back against a wall, the compartments rattle from the force of his impact. He lands in a heap on the ground, trying to get his breath back. By the time he gets himself sitting upright, Castiel is standing. He stares at Dean, the glow of his eyes less now, but the icy gleam in them raises every hair on Dean’s arms and the back of his neck. This isn’t Castiel.
Eying an apple pie sitting on top of the nearby counter, Castiel turns to Sam and asks, “Why not that pie?”
He makes his way out into the hall, but stops and pokes his head back in, “Thanks Sammy.”
The archangel looks up from where he’s stooped over Castiel, trying to get him to calm down.
“Dean --”
When Cas realizes what Dean is up to however, he jerks away. Wide, shocked eyes stare at him, “Dean, don’t.”
“You ready?” Dean asks, voice low.
Bobby has never been more relieved as he barges through Ash’s door and sees him and Henry working on Ash's numerous gadgets. They gather up what Ash says they can't live without, then make their way back out into the streets. Bobby and Rufus lead the way, shepherding their group through the packed sidewalks and roads before darting off into some of the more obscure alleyways.The tolling of four bells reverberates through the air around them. The deep bell sounds herald a shift change or some imminent announcement. It's Heaven's version of a school wide intercom. The souls of Heaven that had been bustling around them come to a stop where they stand, some whispering in confusion.
Ramiel stops him, grabbing his throat. Even in this projected form of existence the lack of air hurts. The archangel is baring down on what’s left of Castiel’s grace. How could it not?
“Castiel was a front. A screen for me to hide behind.”
“And you think he’s just sitting up there twiddling his thumbs?”
“You won’t touch him,” Castiel manages to choke out.
15. Ten Years Gone - Led Zeppelin
“Sorry man, I didn’t know anyone else was here,” Dean says with an apologetic smile, “Hope I wasn’t talking too loud.”
Gabriel laughs mirthlessly, using a pile of fallen books to help steady him, “I know the myths and legends you guys passed around the garrisons made us out to be all-powerful superheroes, but there is a limit to what I can do.”
Dean had thought the angel would be a goner the moment Castiel agreed to a drink-off with Ellen. The woman is hard as nails and badass as anything, plus she owns a damn bar. Castiel shouldn't have stood a chance. But once again, the angel had downed more than enough hunter’s helper to float Dean’s, Sam’s, and Bobby’s respective boats for at least three days and declared that he thought he might be starting to feel something. Ellen had conceded to Castiel.
“You still want to go through with this?”
“Nothing,” Dean says, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s waist and pulling him in for a kiss.
“We came all this way for a few books and some spare parts?”
“You’re a horrible excuse for college student, Sammy,” Dean says with a grin, “I just thought since you’re my ride when I get there, you might need to know what’s going on.”
“Nothing so dramatic as that. No, you see, I’m here because I require your assistance.”
“Yes,” Cas lets out his breath as the archangel raises his hand, “And, Gabriel… Thanks.”
Castiel can hear Sam say as sounds of a minor scuffle drift through to him over the phone.
“What the hell?”
“We’ll take care of the back two mooks, then head outside to see if there’s a big enough wrench we can throw into that machine of theirs.”
“What is it, Crowley?” Sam asks, leaning to look over the back of the couch at the allegedly ex-demon and Kevin.
It’s not what Cas expects to come from Dean’s mouth, but the answer is easy enough, “No.”
“He scares the hell out of people for fun?” Dean asks.
Well, as much as Dean missed Castiel.
Sam nods. Cain had already warned him about what to expect. While he was considerably stronger with the First Blade in his hand, Cain was the Mark’s original host. He’ll be hard to overpower even without his weapon. Seconds pass, Castiel’s movements still somewhat. His legs and arms twitch, hands clinching at his sides, but at least Sam’s not worried he’s going to go crashing off the bed.
Dean closes his eyes and takes a breath, mentally adding “Zombieland” to the ever growing list of stuff he needs to educate his angel in, “Don’t worry about it, Cas. Sam’s just being an ass. You were saying?”
Castiel sits back on his heels, admiring his work. Dean paints a gorgeous picture. Eyes slid shut as he slumps against the wall for support, his pants and underwear lying in a pool around his feet. He presses a hand against his own dick to relieve some of the pressure before he stands, pulling Dean’s clothes up with him. Castiel barely has his jeans zipped back up before Dean is grabbing at him. His movements are lethargic as he manages to get Castiel’s pants unzipped and a hand under the band of his underwear. Castiel braces himself with an arm against the wall, his other arm wrapping around Dean’s waist.
“It’s okay, Sammy.”
“Well, I don’t want to.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says, voice just as deep and rough as Dean remembers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean is walking by Sam’s room when a noise from inside jolts him out of his jumbled thoughts. He stops to listen, opening the door when he hears the muffled sound again. Sam is dead to world, but his hands are clutching at the blanket that’s twisted around him. He mumbles something Dean can’t hear, forehead creased in worry. Bad dreams are part of the job, but it seems like they get more than their fair share. Dean crosses over to the bed and pushes some sweaty strands of hair out of his little brother’s face. It's like the kid became allergic to haircuts after the Apocalypse.
Ellen moves forward, trying the handle. The door won’t budge and they can't pick the lock. It takes both Ellen and Jo banging on it to get the thing to move. The door swings wide and bangs against the wall inside, opening up into gutted out apartment much like the one they just left.
“I’m an angel, Dean. The normal rules don’t apply for me, but I can only partially touch you. I don’t --,” Castiel pauses, which Dean figures is the angel equivalent of bawling his eyes out, “I can almost feel you, but I can’t truly touch on you this plane anymore.”
Cas leans in, whispering in Castiel’s ear, “The farther you fall from Heaven, the more you feel. The more you want to feel. It’s cold on your own isn’t it? You’re cut off from the constant fellowship of the Host and you’re floundering. But with Dean it’s not like that. With Dean it’s --”
Still murmuring his incantations, Ramiel pours the contents of the glass jar into the pentagram. The reservoirs carved into the rock glow white as the souls seep into the empty spaces. The cave surrounding them is almost blinding with the light, the defined lines of the symbol lost as the last lines converge with each other. Standing, Ramiel pulls out an intricate sword that Castiel has never seen, though he recognizes the engravings and craftsmanship to be of that of Heaven.
“Cas?”
Straddling Cas’ legs, he runs his hands along the former angel’s sides. Dean leans in to press his lips down the line of his spine, taking his time. For his efforts, he receives a startled gasp, but not the good kind. If it’s possible, Cas tenses up even more. Confused, Dean decides to use a more direct approach. It takes some silent convincing, and maybe a forceful shove or two, but Dean gets Cas to turn over.
“Stingy Jack, or Jack-O’-Lantern, as you’re probably more accustomed to hearing him called.”
“Dean, I --”
“How did you know we’d come here?”
Castiel isn’t sure how long they stare at each other before he hears someone clearing their throat nearby. He looks up to see Joe standing next to them.
“It’s not even a truck.”
Sam stares his brother down. No one speaks. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Castiel’s hand slide over to rest lightly on Dean’s arm.
“No Bobby, we’re still alive,” Sam says.
Abaddon considers him for a moment, “You reek of humanity. I can hardly smell any demon left on you. Somehow, you’ve managed to become more of an abomination than you were before. What possible use could you be to me?”
Metatron shrugs, “What can I say? I’m a writer, not a scientist. We did learn a lot. As it turns out, a more direct application of a soul’s energy is required.”
“And me without my spelunking gear,” Gabriel says as he plops on the ground to examine the entrance, “It isn’t as deep as it looks. I’m going in.”
Stifling a gasp as Castiel reaches his right nipple, Dean says “Heaven’s not all it’s cracked up to be then.”
Sam jerks up right. A bearded man with salt and pepper hair stares at him from the side of the house, drying his hands off with a towel.
Dean shoves papers aside, finding more than a few abandoned manuscripts. One of them looks suspiciously like some kind of 'Jurassic Park' rewrite. The asshat must have taken up writing again after he had locked the door and threw away the key to penthouse suite. At the bottom of one of the drawers, Dean finds a few old scrolls. He unfurls each one of them, scanning the text for anything that might be helpful. There’s stuff he recognizes as sigils and he can read some of the words next to them, but it’s all written in Enochian. He is far from fluent, but he does his best. Dean finds he has a new appreciation for everything Kevin went through while translating those tablets.
“I’ll take a little less style and flair if it gets us out of the open faster.”
“I have no reason to believe Joshua would lead me wrong.”
“Everything?”
“Cass.”
Smiling, Cas turns. He looks back out toward the horizon as the sun starts to make her full appearance. Pinks and reds spill across the small town, painting the buildings in dazzling hues. It’s going to be a lovely day.
Castiel’s brow furrows, as if this question requires some deep thought and who the hell knows, maybe it does. All Dean knows is that minutes are passing and they’re still just standing there. Castiel has to be trying to do him in. There is no other reasonable explanation.
“Who doesn’t?” Jack says, with a chuckle, “How do you think old Jack can help you get there?”
Noon rolls around and Sam is still asleep, which is the best curative he's got going right now. Kevin starts on the tablet after breakfast, but doesn’t find much. Dean decides it’s worth a shot to see if Crowley knows anything. He finds the ex-King of Hell asleep on the floor.
“I’d prefer not to go into the specifics,” Jophiel says, “Suffice it to say, souls are souls, however you come by them, and souls are power. Angels far more powerful than I gave the orders and we followed them.”
“Sam --”
Jophiel looks between Dean and Castiel before nodding and motioning for him to follow him. Castiel glares at Dean, but doesn’t push further. Dean follows behind them, knowing he’s dodged a major bullet, at least for now.
“This is no flashlight,” Jack says, insulted.
“Just doing some spring cleaning,” Castiel says.
“Dean --”
Castiel is surprised he can hear anything besides the air ripping by them as they careen upwards. Or at least it feels like falling up. Castiel is used to experiencing travel between Heaven and Earth from an angel’s prospective. It’s confusing and less nuanced now that he is human, everything passing by in a blur. They collapse in a field that is the exact opposite of the one they had just been standing in. Green grass tickles his cheek as Castiel struggles to catch his breath. After a few tries, he is able to get his legs under him, his breathing coming easier. It’s a gorgeous, summer day. The sun shines overhead as clouds drift by. A few miles off, Castiel can see a glimmering city. He doesn’t recognize it.
“You’re getting ready to fight a war,” Jessica says, quietly.
“Nothing, but my pride.”
Castiel rolls his eyes, “Sandals do not count as shoes when it’s under thirty degrees.”
Henry points at one of the names, “Gertrude Bradley has a mother, father, and two sisters up here, but none of them have been able to locate her. Stanley Bishop only had a brother and his best friend from childhood.”
“You sure about that?” Dean asks, grinning as his eyes flick down to Castiel’s mouth.
“Cass?” Dean asks, grabbing at the familiar trench coat as he tries to keep the panic out of his voice.
“Well apparently you can, because I did.”
Dean stares at him. Castiel seems to steel himself, finally holding Dean’s gaze like he used to. Almost like a challenge. When Dean starts laughing, Castiel is visibly irritated.
“This isn’t a game, Crowley,” Sam says, crouching down so that he’s level with the demon, “Where is he?”
“Why would God erase my memories? I was just a --”
“Had I not gone off on my own. Had I just listened --”
Dean shrugs as his little brother looks to him for help. It’s not his problem. Sammy apparently set this date up, he can sure as hell see it through. Besides, that uncomfortable, prissy face Sam’s making is absolutely hilarious.
“He did what? Why the hell would he do that?”
Abaddon is too quick for Gabriel to get another wisecrack in. She catches Sam off guard, sending him flying back against one of the walls. He recovers in time to see Gabriel being flung out one of the busted out windows, Abaddon disappearing moments afterwards, presumably in hot pursuit of the archangel. Sam is at a half run even as he scrambles over piles of busted up furniture and books. He sprints out the door, jumping over the railing leading off to the side of the library.
Because there is no recourse. There’s nothing any of them can do. Dean is beyond any help. Beyond any plane of existence or last ditch efforts. Castiel and Sam can do whatever they want, but the fact remains that Dean died in Hell and with that last breath, his soul ceased to exist.
Without a second thought, Castiel is at one of the gates. Bagnael blocks his path, “Step aside, Bagnael.”
Crowley shrugs.
The next hour passes in a flurry of orders, people, packing, and all the general chaos that always ensues prior to the start of a new mission. Cas performs his duties mindlessly. This was what he was trained for. Long before Dean Winchester ever came into being, Castiel had been a soldier. A strategist. A leader. It’s a role he slips into easily, without the bother of actually having to give a damn.
“What’s going on?” Dean asks Sam.
Dean comes barging into the Barracks’ small library just after noon. Sam looks up from his laptop. He would say his older brother looks like Death warmed over, but having met the guy, Sam knows Death looks leaps and bounds better than Dean does right now.
Nothing. Dean tears himself away from Cas, readjusting his clothes as he turns to walk away.
“I’m not sure. There are different kinds of spells, but the angels use their grace to broadcast somehow. It's all a matter of frequencies. Plus we’d need something powerful enough to get the signal out.”
Dean makes a face, “How do you figure?”
Dean’s head falls back, eyes closing, giving Castiel more access. When Castiel hits the sensitive spot just under Dean’s ear, lips sucking his earlobe in as his teeth graze across it, Dean has to push Castiel away. He holds him at arms length, both of them panting as they stare at each other.
“Must this be so damn messy?” Crowley asks no one in particular as he finishes off yet another demon.
Chuck grimaces, “I might be paraphrasing.”
At first, Dean and Sam stayed in. Maybe it was a need for rest and healing. Maybe it was the sense of uncertainty as to what they should do next. Phone calls were made to check in with everyone. With each answered call, Dean’s chest felt a little less tight. Jody and the girls were back and fine. Jody had a thousand questions for them, mostly some variation on whether they were all right and multiple promises they would be out to her house for dinner before the week was out. Charlie was back and so was Stevie. Bobby confirmed the other hunters from Apocalypse World had returned. Everything, it seemed, had reset.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Dude, seriously?”
“Seriously? You’re our welcome wagon?” Dean asks, Castiel’s angel blade already in his hand, “I gotta say, the hospitality around here sucks.”
With that, two fingers press against Cas’ forehead and he’s gone.
“Yes, some horrible things were done to me, but I’ve more than offset that over the centuries. What I did to you pale in comparison to all the other crimes I’ve committed. I made those choices. Me. Whatever my past, I could have chosen differently.”
“No, he’s right. I did leave him,” Henry says, pulling away from Dean, “But it wasn’t by choice.”
“Understandable. Cass has been through a lot,” Sam says, glancing Castiel’s way.
There are so many emotions warring underneath the angel’s skin. There’s so many things they’ve left unsaid. If Castiel and Sam can’t save Dean, this might be the only chance he has to say them. He doesn’t want to admit it. He refuses to admit defeat. But can he live with himself if he never gets to tell Dean?
Unable to hold his gaze, Dean looks away. Because it’s true. They’re no closer to killing Lucifer or finding God than they were months ago.
**********
Sam gives him a watery smile as he shakes his head, “But they’re not you.”
“You’re not sure?”
“Aw, don’t be like that, Pete, you know I’m your favorite,” Jack says with a grin before turning to leave.
When Jack grows tired of trick-or-treating, they head back into the center of town to check out the festivities going on there, and to met up with Sam and Gabriel. Jack stands between Dean and Castiel, holding both of their hands while Dean carries his loaded down bucket. Dean is taken aback by the domesticity of it all, even if they are escorting a costumed spirit instead of an actual kid. They find Sam and Gabriel buying hot chocolate near the center of town.
“Wanna get some grub? I know a diner that’s open all night. It’s not too far from here,” Dean says, rummaging in the pocket of Castiel’s trench coat before pulling something out and waving it in the air with a winning smile, “I’m buying!”
Bobby and Rufus had filled Ellen, Ash, and the rest in on their new friend as they made their way here. Charles had been a hunter in the early 1900s. Bobby recognized the name from a few books and hunter journals he had collected over the years. The guy was kind of famous in the hunting community back then. He was taken out saving a family from a wendigo. The family had gotten away, but Charles and the wendigo hadn’t been so lucky. Charles looks up as Bobby and the rest as they approach. Jerking his head to the side, he leads them away from the noise and commotion to a quieter section of the vast room.
Dean had already told Castiel all about his brother. He’d told Castiel that he was heading out to visit Sam for a week at Stanford, then they’d be driving back home to Lawrence for the kid's summer break. He’d gushed over Sam. Dean can’t help it. He’s proud of his goofy little brother. Castiel had listened, nodding and smiling in all the right spots. He’d even seemed interested, or at least he’d been willing to take Dean’s word vomit in stride.
Sam nods as the three men start back up the path they had came. Dean is following behind Sam and Castiel when he feels a hand on his shoulder.
“When will they be back?”
Bobby had told him time moved differently here, but it feels like Dean stands there for an eternity. Doubt starts to creep in, like a tingle at the back of his neck. He crushes it down, standing as still as possible as he waits.
“So, dinner next Tuesday?”
“You mean power stuff like whatever it is they’ve got us building out there?” Bobby asks.
“That’s what you get for splicing together a demons and souls. It’s unnatural.”
“What’s he doing here?”
“Dean —“
“Ash has something on his scanner. We need to get heading towards the next station,” Rufus says, “You guys going to be good here?”
Castiel craves physical touch. It isn't something he thought much about when he was an angel. Touch, in the human sense, doesn't apply in an angel's true form. Stuck in this human body,
The woman turns when she hears his shout. No longer the beauty they’d seen only a couple of hours ago, the chick is in full on monster mode. Her hair is scraggly and her skin a deathly shade of pale. Her big brown eyes now glassy and less than human. Blood drips from her mouth as she growls at Dean.
**********
“You think we’ve walked into a trap?” Sam asks, keeping his voice down, eyes scanning the tops of every dune.
“Answer his question,” Gabriel says, getting to his feet despite how much his legs wobble as he stands.
“Take the Blade,” Cain says, voice strained, “Sam, take it, please.”
It isn't long before he feels an insistent tugging on his hair. Dean pulls off, hand still jacking Castiel off slow. Castiel is panting, chest heaving up and down as he tries to calm himself down. He hauls Dean up off his knees, pulling him in for a kiss. It’s messy. Heated. Dean finds himself rutting against Castiel, his dick enjoying the friction after being ignored for so long. Castiel kisses along Dean’s jawline, mouth coming to stop next to his ear.
Castiel’s hands shove at his navy shirt trapped between them and Dean finds himself in complete agreement; they have way too many layers on. He fights with the trench coat and suit jacket, getting little to no help from Castiel who is far too preoccupied with Dean’s clothes. He’s about to tell the angel they can’t both be the boss here, when the rough material under his hand is suddenly replaced by the soft cotton of Castiel’s dress shirt.
**********
Those thoughts aside, Castiel is also concerned with Dean’s well-being. On some level, Castiel will always think of Dean as his charge. His responsibility. He has no idea where Dean is or what he’s doing. Those unknown variables bring Castiel closer to loosing his cool more than anything else. The absolute worst case scenario would be Dean taking on Ramiel alone. Castiel would have to intervene should that happen, regardless of if he is ready or not. With any luck, he’ll be able to find a solution to his current predicament long before Dean finds a way out of Heaven.
“But… Why am I still here? Shouldn’t I have, I don’t know, gone into the light or through the tunnel or whatever the hell it is people do? Shouldn’t a reaper have reaped my ass by now?”
“Yes.”
orders. While Castiel would have found that to be a damnable offense at one point in his existence, by the time he had ended up locked away with the rest of them, he had already learned of the treachery that was running rampant among the higher-ups in Heaven’s Host.
“You’d be surprised,” Sam says, voice quiet.
He surges forward, cutting Castiel off as his lips collide with the angel’s. After all, Dean Winchester has never been very good with words. Cas responds almost immediately, which is only kind of a surprise. He clutches at Dean and tries to pull him closer, which is pretty much impossible since they’re already almost standing on top of each other.
“Overrated.”
The man considers Castiel for a moment longer before smiling. It’s the first, genuine look he has given Castiel. Lines crinkle at the edges of his eyes, white teeth appearing as full lips spread wide. Castiel is staring again. He can’t find it in himself to care. The man doesn’t seem to either. He stares right back as he puts the coat on, doing up the buttons and even tying the belt that Castiel usually lets dangle behind him.
Considering the amount of times Sam and Dean have both died, he should be prepared for this by now. Even when he’d given up on Dean and went searching for a normal life while his brother had been stuck in Purgatory, on some level, Sam never truly believed that Dean was gone for good. That he wouldn’t come back someday. Something deep inside Sam had always carried that hope or delusion or whatever it was that told him his brother would always come back to him.
He stops in the middle of a relatively deserted road. Castiel pauses, looking at him in concern, “Sam, what’s going on?”
“Ungh?” Dean manages, and in all honesty he’s proud he’s able to get that much out.
“Definitely.”
“Mudmonkeys,” Castiel says, staring at Dean as if he’s lost his mind.
“Guess it didn’t stick.”
Dean’s eyes scan his brother, relieved to see that Sam looks healthy and has all his parts intact. Same brown floppy hair and ridiculous puppy dog eyes. Dean smiles at his brother, but it falters when he looks over Sam’s clothes.
“Dean -”
“Dude, it’s my car,” Dean says, like it's the most obvious thing in the world, “How am I not going to know?”
“No one knows what happened to all of them. Until Abaddon, no one had seen hide nor hair of any of the mongrels in a dark age. I assume most of the original fallen were buried in the Pit or couldn’t suffer being cut off from their daddy and faded away. Those angels who could became the lords of Hell and made due with the hand they'd been dealt. They adapted, and became something else. Something new.”
“God I hope not,” Sam says looking at Dean with a wry grin, "I can't help but wonder what we're going to find. What these people are going to be now. I still remember what it felt like to have all that power running through my veins. I -- I got lost in it."
Things have finally gotten back to normal, or at least as normal as they ever get. Heaven and Hell had been straightened out, mostly thanks to Joshua. By all rights, Gabriel was next in line to lead in Heaven, but he’d declined. Instead, he passed the torch to Heaven’s friendly, neighborhood gardener. Dean had been impressed by such a mature and levelheaded decision, especially considering who it was coming from. Joshua had allowed any angels who had wanted to go back to Heaven to be readmitted. He has been helping those who decided to return adjust to being angels without the whole mind control thing ever since. Dean doesn’t envy that job.
“What’s that?”
Sam’s best guess was this ritual spell was either to boost the witches’ powers or provide protection to a fringe coven living within the wilds of the canyon. Dean figures they’re dicks either way and that’s good enough for him.
Crowley nods once, his eyes still downcast. Dean leaves, closing the doors behind him. He makes his way back out to the main room, dropping into the seat across from Kevin.
“Jack said you’d be able to help power our way back out of here,” Sam says, turning back to Gabriel.
Overall, Dean doesn’t feel too bad, especially when he’s hanging out in bed. That general feeling of health is deceptive though. It’s still difficult for Dean to walk around. He can do it, but the further he goes, the quicker he gets run down. He can’t make it too far out of his bedroom without help. Hell, he can’t make it to the library without having to stop for a rest. It’s pathetic, and Dean hates it, even if lying in bed with Castiel all day does have it’s perks.
Cas directs Castiel to move out of the way. The angel sits on the bed next to Dean and studies his face, still worried that he had harmed him. Dean smiles and squeezes the angel’s arm, hoping that will be enough to calm him down. Cas makes quick work of his jeans. Dean moans as both denim and underwear slide down and off of him. He never would have thought he’d be so happy to have Cas, orgy master of the future, around. Throwing the garments aside, Cas retakes his position between Dean’s legs and catches Castiel’s gaze.
“Concentrate your thoughts on Dean,” Gabriel says, gripping Sam’s hand tight as he draws him closer, “And hold on.”
“You’ve gotta teach us how you get these angels to hop to on command,” Dean says, taking a seat on the sofa.
It takes effort, but he is even able to send a few demons back to Hell like he used to when he had been running around with Ruby. Sam expects the headaches and the nosebleeds to make an appearance, having long since associated the pain with using his powers. Using his soul instead of the demon blood makes all the difference in the world. With the exception of wearing him out faster the more he uses them, he experiences no other side effects. He doesn’t rely on them however, cautious of how exhausting it is. With some practice Sam might be able to hold out longer, but now isn’t the time. Tonight is all about endurance.
“If it exists at all,” Bobby says, “Rufus Turner, meet Henry Winchester.”
Castiel leans forward, arms crossed and resting along the back of the front seat, “What exactly does Crowley think he’s found?”
“I don’t think you want to do that,” Gabriel says, “We’ve got men behind enemy lines.”
Together, Sam and Castiel hauled Dean out of the factory’s basement. Most of the fallen angels and hunters had already left the scene. Any left were working on clean up. They had maneuvered Dean into the Impala, but Castiel had refused to let go of him. Both of them had been sprawled in the backseat, the angel clinging to Dean as Sam made record time down deserted back roads. All Sam could think about was getting his brother back home. It was a relief when they’d got Dean settled back into his room in the Bunker.
“It isn’t something that comes up in normal conversation. Besides, I suppose I was... Embarrassed.”
For his own part, Sam feels fine. He hasn’t had any symptoms of anything trial related in almost a month. If he had to guess, he’d say he was healed. The situation with Castiel is different though. He lost his grace, while the other angels still have some kind of muted version of it to draw on. Sam doesn't know if Dean will ever be able to stop being a lifeline for Castiel and who knows what that could do to his brother if it becomes a long term thing. Sam tries not to worry as he settles in to watch Kevin and Crowley play a game of chess. The bizarre sight of those two squabbling with each other in such a good-natured way is almost enough to distract him. Almost.
“You really didn’t need to supply us with any more demons, ya know,” Gabriel says, “There’s not much of a demand up here.”
Dean sighs, pulling out a chair and sitting down. Sam takes a seat next to him, waiting for Dean to continue. Dean folds his hands together, resting his elbows on his thighs, refusing to look up at Sam, but still leaning towards him like being just that little bit closer to his brother will be enough to get him through this.
“You sure?”
“Hey Dean,” Jessica says, voice muffled against Sam’s chest.
“What?”
The archangel moves out of the shadows and stops to stand next to Sam, “Hey, bro. Looking a little down in the dumps.”
The cold tile is hard on Dean’s knees, but he’s too distracted to notice it much. Castiel’s cock is inches away from Dean’s face, curving up towards his stomach. Dean runs his hands along Castiel’s thighs, feeling the muscles tense as he draws nonsensical shapes. Dean kisses and licks along the man’s hipbones. He mouths along Castiel’s inner thighs, never quite touching his dick. He glances up. Castiel’s eyes are squeezed tight, his breathing ragged. He’s got one hand gripping the white porcelain sink, while the other is holding on to the edge of the metal shelf just above the sink.
“Well, yeah.”
“We ain’t the only hunters up here.”
“I’m saying that this isn’t everybody.”
“Need to tell you --”
A hand rests on his shoulder, causing Dean to jerk out of his staring contest with the wall. Dazed for a moment, he blinks hard before his eyes can adjust and he sees who’s standing next to him.
“Whose fault is that?”
Sam pauses, taking a breath, “I’m sorry you lost your brother, but you were able to save him too, right? I’m asking you to help me do the same for Dean.”
**********
“Dean, you need to get back to Bobby’s,” he hears Sam whisper over the phone.
“You’re not going to like it, kiddo.”
“He’s a friend. We’ll have to explain later,” Bobby says, turning back towards the man who had introduced himself as Charles Holloway, “You said you’ve got more people stuck on the floor below us?”
“Dean! We’ve got major movement down here. We need you guys back pronto. Have you found the archangel yet?”
“Well? I’m waiting.”
“Whatever, bitch, give Eileen my love.”
The only answer he gets is the sound of fabric tearing followed by a sudden grunt of pain. Dean hopes it’s just because someone knocked the air out of Castiel as opposed to other gruesome alternatives. He has to get to him. Dean tries to get up, but the boulder-sized demon is still trapping his legs. They’ve stripped him of Ruby’s knife, flipping Dean over on to his stomach as they trap his arms behind his back. A woman with long, blonde hair and a scar running along her cheek grabs a hand full of Dean’s hair, pulling his head up and back. His breath comes in gasps as he glares up at her. She runs the tip of the demon killing knife along Dean’s exposed neck, the cool tip scraping across his skin.
“Does Charlie know you’re here?”
There’s a sparkle in their mother’s eyes as she studies Dean that makes Sam suspicious. There’s mirth there, like she knows something. He wonders what else Gabriel and the other angels have told their parents that had nothing to do with hunting or the apocalypse. Dean either doesn’t catch on or is doing his best to ignore it.
“And obviously it was a mistake telling you about it,” Sam grumbles, “This was so not at all what I had in mind.”
“Ah.”
The shrieking sound of a train's whistle has them running back the way they came. Dean drops the flashlight, barely keeping hold of his gun as they sprint for the exit. The growing light behind them is more than enough to see by.
“You were trying to help.”
He is out of the abandoned garage before Dean can catch up with him. They walk in silence, Dean staying a few steps behind him, giving Castiel space. Their task turns into more chore than treasure hunt. Castiel shuffles along yet another row of cars when his eyes find one obscured by clusters of weeds. He runs his hand along the side of it, careful to avoid the busted out glass of the driver side window. The car feels familiar somehow, but he can’t place it.
“It’s called television, Sam.”
They stand there like that for a long moment, content to be in each other’s company. It’s a beautiful moment, so of course Dean ruins it.
imagination. Dean won’t come for you.”
“What’s going on?” Dean slurs, the words almost unintelligible as he tries to bat away the hand that’s pushing at him.
Dean swallows hard before sitting up further and forcing a shrug, “Okay, so it’s kind of a big deal. But look, we’re fine here. Everyone’s good. No harm, no foul.”
“Listen man, much as I hate to say it, we’re going to have to save the welcome home festivities until later. Right now, I’ve got to find Sam. He should be around here somewhere.”
“Don’t talk about him like that,” Cas bristles, glaring sidelong at Dean, “You don’t understand.”
“What doesn’t he?” Ramiel asks, pacing back and forth in front of Castiel like a teacher at the front of a classroom, “I’ll forgive you your lack of understanding. Those memories were wiped from you a long time ago.”
It’s a stupid question. Castiel can hear the smirk in Dean’s voice. He slams the cabinet shut, using Dean’s surprise to gain the upper hand. Castiel turns, getting a fist full of Dean’s blue button down and the black shirt under it as he manhandles the hunter to the back of the room, finding a dark corner behind some bookcases. Castiel pushes him up against the cool concrete wall, staring Dean down. The shadows are deep here and he can only see part of the hunter’s face. Dean looks shocked, but Castiel is pleased to see his pupils are dilated, mouth slack. Castiel leans in, lips inches from Dean’s.
“Well, I said it was a tale didn’t I? I mean, his digs are a little less posh these days, but the gates were never all that pearly. Cutbacks, you know.”
Preparing for the blow, Dean is shocked when he feels something push him sideways, sending him crashing down to the ground and back against the wall. Through another shower of sand, he catches a glimpse of long, blonde hair as the angel he’d been fighting is sent packing. The sand stops falling. Dean looks up as the woman standing above him turns towards him.
“Slow down. You’re going to make yourself sick.”
“Hey Cass.”
“Fix him,” Dean says, apparently choosing to ignore Gabriel’s less than sympathetic comment.
“Dean, I don’t think I deserve better than you. There isn’t anything better,” Castiel says trying to catch his eye and waiting until Dean glances up at him before he continues, “You must remember, I’m very old. I’ve been around the world too many times to count. I would know.”
“It’s Bobby’s Camaro.”
As slow and gentle as Castiel is, it’s still painful. Muscles stretch and Dean fights to stay relaxed as the angel descends. For a moment, Dean’s not sure he’ll be able to take all of him, but he does. Castiel moans, hands slipping off Dean’s hips to clench at the sheets. Dean can feel him shaking under his hands. He takes a breath, relaxing as much as he can as Dean draws Castiel closer to him, hands skimming across his back.
Dean looks up at his brother, startled. Apparently he had dozed off. He's lounged in one of the high back, green velvet chairs with his feet propped up on a matching footstool, the fireplace warm nearby. They had gathered around an ancient television after dinner in the first living room Dean has been able to call his own since he was four. It used to be hard for him to think of the Bunker as home. For the first few months, he half expected to be dragged out and told that this had all been a horrible mistake. It had been so long since he’d had a home that he belonged in, but now he couldn’t imagine
Yes, one day Dean Winchester will fade completely away, but Cas refuses to let him disappear alone.
Thanks in large part to Dean's rage driving, they make it Salem in record time, rolling into town before sunset. They check in at the Blue Jay motel, stopping at their room long enough to throw their bags inside. They hit the local diner a few streets down, for which Castiel’s stomach is grateful. While there are a multitude of exhausting and monotonous rituals involved with being human that Castiel wishes he was still exempt from, eating isn't one of them. They seat themselves at one of the few empty tables, colorful ads for various local businesses sealed under the clear counter top.
“I’m not leaving, okay?” Dean says, closing the space between them, “Look, even if none of this between us had ever happened, I meant what I said in that crypt when we found the angel tablet. You, me, and Sam are family, whether you like it or not. I’m not going to leave you. Ever. You got me?”
The slightest of grins tugs at the corner of Castiel’s mouth, “I have no idea.”
“The very same,” the woman says with a laugh.
“Cass said you were the head of the Watchers in Heaven, and if anyone would know, it’d be you guys.”
“My head not on a stake would be preferable,” Crowley says as Abaddon chuckles, “perhaps a high up position in the new order? Whatever you think of me, you know I’m no fool. I can see the writing on the wall and it all ends with you on the throne. Besides, the transition would go quicker if we work together.”
“Anything coming out of you would have to be some horrible shade of green with that stuff you eat.”
“You got a Plan B?”
Sam turns back to look at him, “It’s the right thing to do.”
“I haven’t slept that many hours in a row in years.”
“Yeah, to Cass. Gabriel was your idea. You do it.”
All of them except one. He recovers quicker than his fellows. Crowley watches, everything moving in slow motion like a movie playing at half speed. There’s a gleam in the demon’s black eyes, his lips curled in a snarl as he lunges for Kevin. The prophet is frozen in place like the rest, still staring at place where the mob of demons had once stood. The knife is inches from his back. Kevin will never see it coming.
“It’s hard to say. They’re tiny,” Henry says, straightening, “Whatever they are, they’re old. Older than anything I’ve seen.”
“Not really.”
“I saw you frisking yourself in the grocery store last week. Between that and how you’ve turned everything upside down looking for the damn thing, I kind of put two and two together.”
Dean’s hips buck of their own accord, “Fuck! Cas!”
Sam's eyes find his shoes. He nods as he heads out into the hallway, closing the door behind him. Castiel settles back in, his vision starting to blur at the edges. He turns his head to his left, studying Dean’s profile. He reaches a hand out, trying to touch the man in the bed next to him, but his arm feels heavy. Like it’s filled with sand. His arm drops off to the side, bridging the small gap between the two beds, his fingers brushing against Dean’s side. Castiel watches Dean breathe as he slips under, their breaths falling into time. In and out. In and out. In and...
“Why should I do what you ask of me? Why should I put myself back in those chains?” Cain asks as he hooks the leg of one of the chairs with his foot, pulling it out so he can sit down, “I’m sure by now you’ve realized how much of burden the Mark is, at least as much as any bystander can.”
“Would you have preferred they keep sending in more demons to kill us?” the tall, blonde haired man asks, staring Sam down.
“What did you think happened when you died, then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean pulls away, eyes studying Castiel. Tears glisten in the man’s eyes, his smile brilliant as he looks his angel over. Seeming to come back to himself a little, Dean clears his throat.
Death pops back in on top of a rock cliff just outside of the city limits. He looks down at the man sitting with his legs dangling off the edge, a bag of popcorn in his hands. He watches for a moment as the man munches, staring with rapt attention at the scene Death had just left.
"I'm fine, Dean. Go ahead."
“Sam,” Dean says, warning in his voice.
Dean doesn’t say anything as he pushes up off the couch. He simply grabs hold of the rough material of Castiel’s trench coat and gives it a tug. Castiel stands and follows Dean as they head towards the door.
“Eileen’s pregnant.” Sam says, the words exploding out of him in a rush of air.
Castiel smirks at him, bumping against Dean’s shoulder as he gets on the walkway to ride it back down the hall, “I’m more than capable of handling vigorous exercise, Dean.”
Dean looks up, uncharacteristically taking the time to notice her tone, “Are you okay?”
There’s a huge machine behind the building. It sounds like the thing is running, but it doesn’t look like it’s doing anything.
“I’m fine, Sam.”
“Yep. I’ve got one year left to go on my degree and I’ve already got my EMT training under my belt, so I’m getting there.”
Dean’s eyes widen when he finds what Cas is pointing at, “Turkey leg!”
Castiel half expects the hunter to stumble out of the car when he hears his voice, but Dean doesn’t move. He seems to be content with them tangled up together in the backseat.
They both stare out at the humans in silence for a moment. Well, Gabriel stares at the humans. Cas watches his fellow man.
“Keep going on like this and we’ll have to do something with you. Maybe add some Miss Manners reading to your rehab schedule.”
Dean smirks at Jack, because yeah, that makes sense. He’s not an idiot. He didn’t just pull that out of his ass.
“How did it go?”
“Pregnant, yeah.” Sam says, a smile breaking across his face a revelation.
Something about that sentence gets under Dean’s skin.
“Just one.”
Looking over Sam’s head, Castiel sets his sights on Gabriel, “Bring him back.”
“Are you --”
“It’s great, Cas. What you and the kid did here. I mean, you finally got what you wanted, what you tried to do all those years. You fixed Heaven.”
“Man, I really thought Eileen had better taste.”
“We didn’t do anything,” Castiel says to Dean.
**********
**********
His eyes water as he shakes his head, trying to get oxygen back into his lungs. Sam is nowhere to be seen. The witch looms above him, a few feet away. Dean looks around. His gun glints in the light from the flames some yards away. He can’t get to it. He feels around for his knife, but comes up empty. Looking up, he realizes the incantation is drawing to a close. The voice grinds out the last words, the tone higher and louder. The witch holds a hand out again towards the kids. Dean forces himself to his feet. As the last words ring out through the clearing, Dean turns, covering the boys with his body as a force blasts over him. Pain shoots through him as a green glow engulfs them. When it disappears, Dean’s knees give out as he collapses back down to the ground.
Dean removes his fingers, Castiel groaning at the loss. He moves as quick as he can, trembling fingers trying to tear open the condom wrapper and get the it on without losing too much contact with Castiel. He nearly drops the damn thing in the process. He doesn’t want to stop touching the man, the feel of his skin against his is like an addiction. Once he gets it on, Dean jerks his dick a few times, letting the remaining lube coat the condom, moaning softly as he goes. He moves behind Castiel, lining himself up.
Castiel’s breathing is still rough, his chest rising and falling rapidly. The sheet Dean had used to make Cas’ costume lies scattered around him in tatters. Luckily though, it all seems to be mostly superficial injuries.
“Hopefully this will go a long way towards making that right,” Gadreel says, pausing as he turns back to Castiel, “While we were conversing, I received a call from Jophiel.”
“It was worth a shot. We’ll find him.”
“You’re insufferable when you get like this,” Sam says under his breath.
“Abandoned?”
“Where are you?”
“You said right now there’s nothing,” Sam says, leaning toward Joshua, “So, that must mean there’s something. Is there another archangel floating around that we don’t know about?”
7. Working Man - Rush
“It’s not just the angels down here, Dean,” Sam says, turning towards him, “What about Metatron?”
“Dean,” Ramiel says, and damn if that doesn’t sound like the Castiel he knows from all those moments in the Men of Letter’s garage fixing up the Camaro or their stolen moments in the back rooms of the Bunker.
“Don’t worry about it. We were about done anyway.” Donna says, waving her hand.
“Then that’s even worse!” Castiel yells back, “How can you stand here and bind yourself so fully to a person you don’t even know?”
Blood oozes from a cut hidden somewhere in his hair, but otherwise the fallen angel looks unharmed. Dean only catches Castiel’s eyes for a moment before one of the demons tilts his head back, his Adam’s apple bobbing underneath the thin skin of his neck. It takes two other demons, one on each arm, to restrain Castiel, which gives Dean a strange sense of satisfaction as he watches the former angel still trying to give them hell, despite his obvious disadvantage.
“You won’t have much time. The longer I stay down here, the more juice I use up and the harder it’s going to be to make the return trip.”
Bagnael glances around, nodding at a few of the closer angels as they go back to their business, “Besides, even if I wanted to, I don’t have the power to pry them open on my own. Nor do you. One more day and the gates will be open.”
“I’ve got mine,” Castiel says, pulling them out, “Do you want —“
“You have no idea.”
His voice is quiet, but it feels like it echoes throughout the broken library. They’ve been waiting for at least ten minutes for something to happen. Death tilts his head to the side, considering Dean.
“Yeah, yeah.”
“You made me a BLT?”
“It can’t be the same kid. He’d be like eighteen or something by now.”
“I had to get Sam back here, and I couldn’t just leave him there.”
Sam lets out a louder than normal laugh, “They weren’t educational!”
“I need a favor,” Jack says, sliding up to the counter, “Well, technically they need a favor, I’m just asking on their behalf. We need passage into Angel Heaven.”
“Are you going to sit there and glare at me all night?”
“It’s the middle of the night,” Sam grumbles as he writes out a note for Kevin and Crowley to let them know them know where they’re going, “There are some people around here who are trying to sleep.”
“No,” Sam says, shaking his head, “not for a long time now.”
“You don’t,” Dean says, pointing at Charlie, “And if you show him where to find them, I’ll end you.”
“I don’t either,” Castiel whispers, tears falling down his cheeks, “Dean, I --”
He gasps, trying to get air in. Something’s wrong. If souls could scream, that’s what Dean’s would be doing right now. He grabs at Gabriel for support.
“Shut up,” Castiel grunts somewhere near his ear.
“I don’t know. I can’t -- I don’t --”
He should learn how to stitch up wounds.
“You should take this off,” Dean says, when they come up for air, still pulling at the coat.
“He --”
Castiel stares at Dean as he laughs, “You knew this whole time?”
They speed down road after road until he reaches a small park and finds a secluded spot. He gets out, leans against the car and pulls out his phone. He stares at the screen for a good three minutes before pressing the button. He listens to it ring once, then twice. He starts to get nervous on the third ring and feels like the ground has dropped out from under him on the fourth.
“You’re family, Cass, of course I’d care.”
“Mmfum Hummfmmmn.”
Even though the guy is lying right next to him, they’ve only been able to exchange a few mumbled words. Dean knows Sam is making Castiel eat just like him, but their pit stops into consciousness haven’t been coinciding. Dean hasn’t had an actual conversation with Castiel since their trip to Heaven. It’s just another thing on a growing list of complaints Dean has. He misses Castiel, even if he’s less than an arm’s length away from him.
“Pass me another slice of pepperoni, will you?” Crowley asks Castiel.
“Balls.”
“Sam…”
Castiel hesitates, “I’m not sure.”
“I doubt there are many otherworldly creatures that don’t know who you are, Sam,” Cain turns long enough to raise an eyebrow at him before returning to his work, “Besides, I don’t get many visitors out here.”
“Careful there, Sam. Don’t go making promises you don’t intend to keep,” Gabriel says, wiggling his eyebrows at him.
“Cass --”
“Yeah.”
Yes, Dean had found pleasure in the act, but there had been a sorrow and wretchedness he attributed to his actions that had always ran soul deep. That should have been long lost after so many years in Hell. Dean was destined to be the Righteous Man, but Castiel had never imagined any soul could survive such rigorous tests. It had shone through all Dean’s trials and tribulations, warming the constant cold Castiel had never been aware of existing in him until Dean. That brightness had weakened the night Castiel asked Dean to take up the blade again, this time against his personal torturer in Hell, Alastair. Over time, it had been battered, but still had it remained.
“The guy did stand up to Lucifer and saved our asses.”
“Yes Dean,” Ramiel says, as if he’s reading his thoughts. Hell, he might be, “Metatron simply rebooted me.”
“Guess we keep walking,” Sam says, a little let down.
Cas wrenches himself free from Castiel’s hold, “Will you just look at him? He liked it.”
Sam’s eyes widen. They’ve been wandering around with no idea where they are or what they’re doing. The only fact they know about this place is that there are more than an army’s worth of angels stuck in here with them.
Sam grabs at what he assumes is some kind of demon’s face, trying to gorge it’s eyes out or claw at anything that might distract it long enough for him to get the upper hand. He’s not having much luck. The angel blade in its gnarled, hand keeps inching its way closer, the tip pressing into the fabric of his shirt. He tries to kick out, but he can’t get at the thing’s legs. He’s stuck. Sam puts all of his effort into keeping that blade from digging deeper when the demon rears up as a hand grabs onto its thick, brown hair, pulling its head back as the tip of another angel blade pokes through its charred skin of its neck. It flashes out, mouth open in a silent scream.
He had been too shocked to move as he watched Mary helping Dean up off the ground. Their mother looked just like the younger version he'd met when Castiel had helped Sam and Dean travel back in time to save their parents from Anna. Dean had dragged Sam to his feet, hauling him along as all three of them ran away from Uriel and his cronies. However Mary had been able to find them, she hadn’t came alone. More angels arrived while Sam and Dean were being attacked and acted as a diversion, allowing them enough time to make their way out of the valley of sand dunes.
Both Sam and Dean turn to look at Castiel. Only the angel’s perpetually messy black hair can be seen over the top of his jack-o-lantern.
“Does it?”
Upon hearing his name, Castiel reluctantly detaches himself from Dean. Hair sticking out in every direction and lips swollen, the angel paints an obscene picture. Dean remains still, trying to remember how to get air into his lungs as Castiel moves towards Cas. After a few moments, he starts to settle down and becomes aware of the conversation that is being held at the end of the bed.
“So where are you headed, Cas?” Dean asks, breaking their eye contact as he settles back against the wall again.
“Miracles never cease.”
Dean gets Castiel’s fingers nice and wet, grinding his bare ass back against Castiel. He can feel how hard the fallen angel is even through the rough material of Castiel's jeans. Castiel moans, guttural. He pulls his fingers from Dean’s mouth. Spit slicked, Castiel wastes no time pressing his first finger in up to the knuckle, Dean hissing at the sweet burn.
Sam looks to Castiel in abject horror, but Cas ignores him, walking towards Dean. He locks eyes with the angel.
?” Dean asks Mary, stuck somewhere between awe and embarrassment.
“Cas --”
“Look like what?”
“C’mon on, man,” Dean pleads, “Don’t go. I’m sorry, okay? I promise I won’t try to scare you ever again.”
“I missed you too, Dean,” Castiel says in a huff of laughter as he places a soft kiss against Dean’s cheek.
“Yeah, it’s kind of a tradition. Hell, we’ve been doing it so long now, I can’t even remember what started it.”
A loud crash from somewhere else in the Bunker has Dean up, ready for something to come attacking them through his open door. Nothing comes, but something’s going on out there and it doesn’t sound good. He tries to slide out from under Castiel as quick as he can without jostling him too much. With a worried glance back, he leaves the angel on his bed, tearing through the Bunker towards the source of the sound.
Dean wakes up with a gasp. Castiel stares up at him from where his chin is resting on Dean’s chest, a knowing smirk gracing his lips.
Bobby doesn’t bother to ask Rufus why he never tried the window. His old partner had always had a thing for heights.
It’s six against two, and the numbers aren’t in their favor. When are they ever? This fight is going to be short and bloody. Dean thinks of Castiel waiting for them on the other side of that wall. He will be watching for Dean to come barging back through. He wishes there was a way to tell him they failed. Maybe Jack will know somehow. If not, Castiel will wait until Heaven comes crashing down around his ears before he leaves without Dean. He has done it too many times before, whether Dean wanted him to or not. That's not a comforting thought.
Castiel looks away, unable to put into words what he’s feeling. Emotions are something the angel knows on an intellectual level. His experience is limited, but he is also aware that many humans never get a precise handle on them. More than once, Sam has complained to the angel about Dean’s emotional immaturity.
The fallen angel shifts in his seat. Dean hasn’t seen him this uncomfortable since he took Castiel to that brothel before their first run in with Raphael.
Castiel is rewarded with a short chuckle from the man in his arms. He hugs him closer, enjoying the feeling of holding Dean without the frenzy. Dean seems to like it as well, nestling into him, his arms still wrapped around Castiel, but not clutching like before.
**********
“Eileen’s car is in the garage. Giving her the car you stole back might be a good start.”
“It's me, Dean. Gabriel brought me down here to get you and Cass.”
“I tried to find your number in Lawrence, but I couldn’t locate one.”
Everything is fuzzy when he first wakes up, his body slow to respond. There’s a ringing in his head that starts to fade as the world comes back into focus. Dean blinks hard to clear his vision, giving his head an experimental shake against his pillow. It’s a bad idea. He groans, pressing his palms against his eyes as he waits for the pain shooting through his head to subside.
“How much time will you need?” Castiel asks.
“He said he couldn’t stand all the fighting.”
“Age before beauty, Bobby.”
Crowley calls while Kevin is gone. Abaddon had given him orders to stay on the Winchesters for the time being. He meets up with Kevin while he’s out shopping in one of the nearby towns. When they get back, Crowley walks down the stone steps, arms loaded down with bags of groceries, grumbling. Kevin comes in behind him with only a couple bags and a smirk on his face. Sam doesn’t ask.
“Okay, then how did you find me?” he asks.
“Don’t give me that,” John says.
The stupid rope is almost there. Jessica can feel it. One more loop and she’s free. She tries to keep her excitement in check, never sure when one of the souls keeping them here will pop in to check on them. She prefers them over whatever those other things are. They had only seen them once and if Jessica has her way, she’ll never see one again. They fill whatever space they occupy with their overbearing presence. There’s something off about them. It’s like they shouldn’t be allowed to exist and the space around them is trying to reject their presence, but can't quite manage it.
“I’m sure they’ll be fine. It’ll be like a vacation,” God says, muttering to himself, “What’s the worst that could happen?”
Crowley pauses. He doesn’t want to give up his trump card this early in the negotiations, but he has been doing this for centuries now. Abaddon is a loose cannon at best, and he can feel her slipping through his fingers.
“Who knows? Maybe this time our luck will hold and things will be gumdrops and rainbows,” Rufus says, crossing his arms as he continues to glare up at the man.
He pulls it out and finds an old yellow post-it note. The sticky part on the back has long since lost any adhesiveness. On it is a detailed drawing of a bird sitting on a branch, wings starting to spread as if it’s preparing to take flight. Dean dumps the rest of the stuff in the trash before heading back towards Castiel.
“You want to go down that road? Let’s talk about about all the crap the angels have put us through. How about Naomi or Zachariah, huh? You were one of the higher ups, I’m sure those names ring a bell,” Dean says, seething as he edges closer to Jophiel, “Yeah, we’ve broke the merry-go-round a few too many times ourselves, but it sounds to me like the angels have been dicking around with things since the dawn of time, so do you really want to start playing the blame game, you son of a bitch?”
Castiel turns to see Dean walking towards him, hands in his pockets and his bow tie hanging undone around his neck. As he nears the altar, Dean jogs up the steps. He stands next to Castiel, smiling at the angel.
None of these things come to pass.
**********
“We're not --” Sam says, flustered as his eyes dart between Dean and Gabriel, “There is nothing going on between me and -- And --”
“We need to get down there,” Sam says through a groan.
Sam rolls his eyes, but gets up to leave, “God, you are such a jerk.”
