"No. Probably not until you have to leave. Remind me what they are again?"
His exhaustion catches up with him and he falls asleep curled up in the chair, his hand wrapped around John's wrist as the thump, thump, thump of his pulse calms his mind into unconsciousness.
John frowns, wondering if he's at the right address. "Flatshare? Sorry, I don't - "
"I don't need paying. I honestly had fun here. I don't get a lot of company other than my therapist and customers - and now you, I suppose. Which sounds very sad now that I think about it," John half-chuckles.
"See you."
“Suitcase, yes. Speaking of which, where is it?” He spun around the room, eyes daring back and forth for it.
"Oh, definitely."
“I look forward to hearing more about this new person.”
"Oh shut up."
"Yes. To answer your question, it was dull. The most interesting thing to happen was serial murders but the police wouldn't let a sixteen year old get involved."
John tried to sit up, but he was dragged back down to the mattress by something - an arm. The weight grumbled something unintelligible into his shoulder in a baritone voice.
"Good. I'm guessing you won't be drinking a lot in the future, if at all."
"What about that ballerina with the red hair? Her turns were abysmal -
"You haven't." Sherlock retorted.
Sherlock makes a whine in protest, but blows into the balloon anyway, ties the knot at the end and throws it away lazily, watching it float towards the collection of pink and purple and red and white balloons covering the floor around the hall. The same colour scheme hangs in banners around the room, the paper chains, the tablecloth which would later be covered in buffet food. Judging from the way Sherlock wrinkled his nose when they first got the decorations out of the boxes, this is a colour scheme he will grow very sick of, very quickly, if, indeed, he hasn't already.
He couldn't bring himself to regret the last one. He didn't even hesitate to pull the trigger at the time, not when Sherlock was in imminent danger of swallowing that damn pill, for the sake of nothing but his pride.
“Nonsense, I treat you with the utmost respect. Now give me another pancake. One less burned, this time.”
“You’ve missed your violin, and I’ve missed hearing it. Come on, nurse. For me, your poor, injured patient,” John teases lightly, in the way he has done all week. Sherlock rolls his eyes, but complies, standing from his chair. He bends down and kisses John lightly as he passes him, then reaches for the violin.
"What about Janine?" Lestrade suggested. "She was in the maze, and she's Mary's best friend."
"I think that is for the best." Mary said.
"To know that you're going to sleep tonight and as much of tomorrow as possible. Try and get ten hours at least tonight."
“Johnny!” John immediately sat up at the sound of his sister’s voice, which was hysterical and hoarse, as though she had been crying. “I’ve been trying to reach you all morning.”
"Yes, you are."
"Congratulations, Mr Watson. It's perfect!"
"God, I know. What sort of sadistic person would possibly expect you to leave a villa which you don't technically own?"
Sorry I took so long to update. Hopefully this was worth the wait.
Harry: I need you to be Molly Hooper’s twin brother
Sherlock: This is why I never listen to your suggestions
19:41 The old John would have said it’s not kind to point out flaws in other people’s relationships. SH
"A lot can happen in ten hours. In fact, it only takes a split second, doesn't it? The pull of the trigger, the bullet flying through the air before it reaches its target." Mary grins. John feels nauseous. "I had no reason to keep him around. He brought you here like I predicted - he was properly starting to become in your blog by the time I left, so I imagined he had grown into quite the fan, at least enough to need your help when he started to see me all over again. After that, he was a liability who knew my secret. He had to go." She's speaking without remorse or empathy, as casually as if giving out a recipe for cupcakes, and not discussing the death of a man she was once married to, who had a fiancée who is most likely starting to feel the keen sting of fresh grief, if the shock hasn't faded yet.
"So there's no strategy? Just 'cast some spells and hope for the best'?" John snapped.
Sherlock
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, I never experienced that problem. Many people in my year at school knew even before I did.”
“Easy. Your build suggests you take part in a regular exercise, one that involves running for long periods of time. The bruise on your leg is from being repeatedly tackled to the ground. Ergo, rugby. Your interactions with our Orsino here suggest you’re used to being an authority figure and giving out advice and support when needed. He looks to you for guidance and is another member of the rugby team. There. Rugby captain.”
"No you're not."
“What about you? It’s
I can't imagine what you're going through right now, but I'm glad you're feeling at least a little bit better. Storing Redbeard's things away can't be a particularly pleasant experience. I don't know whether you will find it better to leave them out or not, but it's up to you. Is it the right time to do that? I mean, it's only been five days and you probably don't want to rush the whole moving on thing. But then again, I've never had a dog, so I wouldn't know if it was too soon.
“Right. Uh, so we don’t know what her real name is. But she was, or is, a freelance agent. She got involved with some pretty bad people, then when she had to leave, she married me. Not long after we met, like you did. I don’t know why - maybe security reasons? Easier to keep your cover, perhap.” Joseph frowns skeptically, making John wince. He needs Sherlock here to explain it in the same blunt, proud way he always did. It’s how it’s always been for five years. He clears his throat awkwardly and continues, “then over a month ago, she ran away when we were being threatened. I guess to hide for a little while in Salzburg.”
"Oh?" Sherlock smirked.
But first, a smoke.
The players went up to either John or Sherlock for their instrument to be checked. John, not being familiar with instruments, looked over and followed Sherlock's lead. He checked inside the instrument, around it, in each individual piece, as well as the case for any false bottoms or hidden compartments. He then made the player play a note of the instrument, loudly, in the guise of checking its tuning. Each time the note came out perfectly, without any sign of the darts from before. It got to the point where John started to doubt the purpose of this exercise and Sherlock's theory.
There, now I have all that sentimental drivel out of my system, I'd appreciate it if you never mention it again.
"Are they dead?" Sherlock murmured, while John crouched on the ground next to them, checking their pulse. He nodded.
The last thing he saw before everything went black was Moran shooting red sparks into the air with John's wand, then him tossing it at the ground in front of John and disapperating in a cloud of black smoke.
"Sorry." Sherlock muttered.
“Ugh, I don’t know. A lot of things. I miss uni. I miss my friends. I miss you. I miss pubs. I miss going out.”
“If I can write another one. Because Jesus Fucking Christ why can’t the words just work?!” Harry ruffled her hands through her hair, groaning in frustration. “Nothing is working. I have no ideas. No opening lines. I can’t even think of a character.”
“I might quit my job now. We’re getting more clients than ever now with all the newspapers and tabloids.”
Sherlock walks off to his room, leaving John alone with the client. “Right,” he says brightly. “Tea?”
"No, Mary. Just take it outside, step on it, I don't care. Get rid of it."
“Exactly. Now, Sherlock, what will you do different next week?”
The takeaway has been abandoned long ago and has probably gone cold. They’ve somehow migrated from the sofa to the floor in front of the fire, where it burns bright and golden against Sherlock’s face, highlighting his features in a soft glow. The fire warms them, so much so that John has taken off his jumper and Sherlock has undone the top button of his shirt, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. He’s laughing at something John said about a past case, but John can’t quite remember what it was. All he can think about is a vague sense of deja vu of being in this exact position, dizzy headed and close enough to Sherlock to touch him. Oh right, the stag night. He did touch him back then - on the knee, a perfectly chaste and innocent place, though at the time he wondered if he didn’t bother pushing himself back up onto his chair instead let himself fall, let his hand wonder, go above Sherlock’s knee, fingertips tracing the inseam of his inner thigh…
"Oh."
“I can’t afford to relax. Moriarty is back. We have to be at least two steps ahead of him if we want any chance of defeating him. He’s quiet, too quiet. We have to be prepared.”
"Whoever's doing this, stop it!" Sherlock's yells echoed and faded without reply.
“Nah. I'm the lucky one here. Happy anniversary, love.”
"Pretty much, yeah. They're very aggressive and protective when provoked."
"Okay then. So why are you only using yourself as a subject? Not exactly the most reliable way to do things, is it?"
"Really?" Janine lit up.
"I wasn't talking about the case." John's mouth fell open in a small 'oh' of understanding, and Sherlock nodded. "Yes, so I'm afraid you're going to have to delay your usual post-case cup of tea and candle-lit bath."
“Also, try to avoid your herbal soothers. If your hip is causing you trouble, ring us and we’ll pick up some painkillers from the clinic and come home - “
Harry rolled her eyes. “That’s only for successful playwrights, John. The ones who have a right to be narcissistic. What am I exactly? Just a lesbian with a drinking problem, according to my brother.”
“Oof!”
"What, am I not allowed to vent to my boyfriend? Am I not allowed to express emotions? Am I just a
"Don't you laugh, this is your fault."
3:01am - Whats the point in doing charms anyway we know all the useful stuff when am I ever going to turn a teacup into a mouse I hope if Molly becomes a teacher here she sorts it out because I'm sick to death of it I wish it was our last year but nooo we're stuck in our ducking sixth year the most pointless uninteresting year I hate this
“Don’t get me wrong,” Sherlock says, stroking Redbeard’s middle head, “My job can be fascinating. All walks of life come to me eventually, by all means of various gruesome deaths. But then again, a man can only cope with seeing so many plague victims in his eternal lifetime before he starts to find it a little tedious.”
"Of course." The corners of John's lips turned down to show that on this, he was completely serious. "You're one of the most...non-ugly people I know."
“This way! Come on!”
With that, Mycroft left the room, leaving Sherlock, mildly breathless, in his chair.
"Thank you, Sherlock." He said. "For helping me."
He wanted to kiss him then and there, but he thought it would have been too much, too soon, too fast. If Mycroft was right about what he implied at the palace, John would have given him nothing less than the respect and time that he deserved.
"I want to help you."
It wasn't of course. For one, people stared at John and Sherlock more frequently now as they walked down the corridors, hand in hand together; that's the boy who got stabbed, that's the boy whose brother died, they're the cute couple who nearly got killed. It set John on edge, especially when the whispering started, and his jaw ached from grinding and gritting his teeth so often. Sherlock ignored it, knowing full well this would be their reputation for a while. He kept his gaze fixed straight ahead of him and squeezed John's hand for comfort. Merlin knows that's what they both needed.
The case is resolved, and truths are revealed.
"No. Why?"
"I do, surprisingly enough. They have, on occasion, helped to elevate ennui."
Between that and the jet lag, I was out for the count before I knew it.”
"For whom exactly?"
Then break would come and he would rush from his seat, ignoring the teacher's cries that he had to be dismissed first, to practically run down the halls to the infirmary, where John would be in pretty much the same state as he was in the morning: unconscious, chest rising and falling slowly, but alive. His skin had gained back some colour and he had warmed up, new blood flowing through his veins and Sherlock allowed himself a small smile at how quickly John was recovering.
"And you need three of them?"
Sherlock paused. "How did you know I was here?"
"They won't arrest me. They need me. Besides, are you really going to report your only friend?" John glares at Sherlock, who then accepts defeat. "Fine. I'll tell you what happened."
"Sometimes. Besides, I play rugby and stuff."
The contestants and their headteacher a stood in a circle around Mcgonagall. John noticed that in Mcgonagall's hand was a purple velvet bag, and that something inside the bag was moving. John hoped that inside was the actual creature he'd have to fight, rather than anything bigger.
Then, the doors opened and some students - both Beuxbatons and Durmstrangs - came in - led by the Durmstrang head teacher. Professor Slughorn looked up from his desk and stood up to greet them.
"I have a - vague idea of the suspect. But there's someone pulling the strings. Someone who wants my attention." Sherlock pulled his hand away from John's and placed it in his lap, twiddling his thumbs nervously.
“Alright, just checking. Don’t mind me, just being a considerate boyfriend. Speaking of which, I haven’t really thanked you enough.”
The Occamy flew with a jolt out from the cage and onto a rocky ledge behind John. John watched, completely still and silent as it sat down and its eyes shot straight through John. John swallowed, as he thought to himself what the hell he should do next. The Occamy was clearly sat on top of the egg he needed, so his best bet was to distract the bird from the nest and discreetly grab the egg. Now all that was needed was a distraction.
John's heart had sunk down into his stomach, but at least he now knew that his feelings were at a dead end.
"Oh, right. Smart."
The sound of the compartment door opening  did not rouse the boy lying on the seats, who was stretching his gangly legs so that one had to hang over the edge. He was reading. A large leather bound book entitled "Half-blood, two paths" covered the boy's face so that only a few ebony curls stuck out of the top. John grinned. He was yet to be disappointed with a different greeting. Or in fact, a greeting.
When John came home, after only eight months since his last leave, Harry had neither.
“Yes, Sherlock.”
They enter the flat and go to separate rooms to change. John had insisted that Sherlock really didn't need to - he always looks like he was going to a semi-formal event anyway - but Sherlock had shaken his head insistently. "Unless you want me in sweaty clothes that have been on a stuffy train, I'm changing. Besides, social etiquette generally dictates that the colour scheme..."
Once he’s knocked on Mrs Hudson’s door for Rosie and she’s well fed, he starts cooking for him and Sherlock. Almost immediately afterwards, Sherlock emerges from his room as though summoned by the smell, yawning and his eyes still half closed. He’s still dressed in his pyjamas and his curls ruffled and messy from a rare full night’s sleep. As if John needs a reminder of just how much he loves him.
"There's no way you could get backstage! There's security everywhere, and for all they know, you're a creepy stalker of one of the cast members."
"That's what people DO!" Moriarty yelled the last word out, and it echoed across the room. He shook his head. "Sorry. We'd make a good team, you and I. It's a shame your moral compass is so...ordinary."
Why wasn't he in Afghanistan?
"Happy soulmates day, Sherlock."
John's heart hammers as she cocks the gun and points it into the shadows where he is sitting without hesitation. He restrains himself from making a noise, from any kind of movement, following Sherlock's plan. (Always Sherlock's plan.) But God, how much he wants to yell, to scream, to punch the wall and demand why the hell she would try to shoot him - no, try to shoot Sherlock. That's who she thinks is there, sat directly in front of the bullets, obscured by shadows.
"Who are you texting?" The rumble of Sherlock's voice drags John back to reality.
Sherlock nods reassuringly. "Good. Good. Anything else?"
Sherlock
“Run away to Portugal?” Sherlock suggests hopefully.
"What do you mean?"
She cupped her hand over the spider, until she walked outside and let the spider go from her hand. But to Mary's surprise, after the spider crawled from her hand, it did not scuttle away to safety. Instead, it stayed completely still and seemed to stare at Mary. Mary watched back, out of curiosity. Then the spider began to transform. It grew in height and the blackness of its outer along grew pale until it reached a pale skin colour, the only original black colour remaining on the spider's (if that was the appropriate term) head. Four of the limbs retracted, and it continued to grow until it became a young man in an expensive-looking black suit, who was at least five inches taller than Mary. The only trace of spider left was in the jelled, jet black hair and the dark emptiness of the man's eyes. Mary's eyes widened, and opened her mouth to shout for help, but the man placed a cold hand over her mouth. "Follow me. Don't shout, don't scream." The man hissed, in an accent which Mary identified to be Irish. Then his arm was round her shoulder and he was pacing quickly to a dark corner where the light from the castle stopped. Mary plucked up her courage and asked, her voice shaking, "what are you going to do to me?"
“Oh god. What?”
"Is that why it took you so long to introduce me to your friends? Or were you just ashamed of your
He pressed his lips together, contemplative. “The first ones were successful. Good reviews, got in quite a bit of cash. She’s been a bit down on her luck lately, mostly living off her wife’s salary.” John brightened up a bit. “But she actually has a show open now. Critics are there, so hopefully, if she gets a good review, everything will turn around.”
"I'm alright with this."
Molly smiled and left.
“After that, I have two tickets to a music concert. Nothing fancy, you probably haven’t even heard of it. I have the tickets here -”
"Earlier you were saying how dull it was."
"Oh, that's it. - " Sherlock turned over and pushed John onto his back, causing him to yell out in surprise. Sherlock straddled his waist and grabbed his wrists, pinning them to the pillow, either side of his head, while John was still cackling all the while. "Now. Are you going to shut up with those damn blog titles?"
John led him up the stairs to his bedroom, his hand still around Sherlock's wrist and his heart pounding in his chest as he tried to come up with a way to explain time travel to someone whose world revolves so much around logic and reason and science, when he himself didn't really know how it worked. When they got up to John’s room, he turned to Sherlock, whose brows were creased in confusion. He took a deep breath, then spoke.
At least now, whenever he woke up, Sherlock's violin was playing, sending him almost straight back to sleep with soothing melodies and notes, blending in with the white noise of distant London traffic.
“Mary’s gone,” he says. “Clothes, gun, phone, all of it gone. No note.”
“We will,” Sherlock calls back, while John kisses Rosie’s cheek once more before following. As he leaves, he wonders if he should have stopped viewing crime scenes as fun yet, as a father in his early forties, but he can’t really bring himself to care.
The man feigned a disappointed look. "Shame. It really is a shame. Well, if your mind is made up, I guess I should probably leave."
"However, if you give me time, I will do my best to be the supportive, inclusive parent you need."
"And you do?"
"Probably not. But as soon as it's one minute past, you can rant all you want again."
"What?"
On their 37th day of being together they were studying in the library when a young girl in a Hufflepuff scarf who couldn't have been older than a third year approached them shyly, introducing herself as Tiana Tolkan and saying that she had lost her charm necklace.
“Good.”
“No.”
Sherlock.
Much longer chapter next
They should have had more time.
"You're really not helping right now. What if she sees me? She's going to be so angry and - "
"We went on a walk outside - Victor and I - and he had a flask of something. Bibero Figuera he called it. He had some, then offered me it, so I took it." Sherlock grimaced. "It tasted bad but I kept drinking it. 'Cause I wanted to. Then he tried to kiss me, I think. But I didn't want to. So I deduced some stuff about him and he was offended by it, I think. He punched me here," he pointed to his cheek, and John kicked himself for only just noticing that it was cut and bleeding slightly, "and stormed off." Sherlock looked up at him, his eyes wide and pitiful, like a child who had been caught doing something wrong, "are you angry at me?" Something in John's chest melted.
Sherlock speaks finally, having put down his gun on the table next to him. Open, ready for negotiation. Vulnerable. "Mary, it's not too late, you know. If you're still concerned about your safety, Mycroft can easily arrange a safe house for you and security for your daughter. Moriarty won't be able to lay a finger on you."
"Really? So I've passed this test in the experiment? Despite being," he checks his watch, "22 hours behind on sleep?"
“Hey! How have you been?”
At most, people normally stay for one, maybe two hours, before getting tired and leaving. But the man continues to remain there until the sky lights up with the first trace of dawn, obscured by grey clouds so that it's not so much the beautiful, orange and golden and rosy sunset John is used to, but the London kind, where the time of day is measured by how grey the sky is. John doesn't pay attention, but only to the man sat at the table in front of the counter, who writes in his notebook every so often - John later figures out that it's on the hour - then switches between looking through the case files and only gets up to ask for refills.
"And Sherlock? What about him?"
Sherlock: I stopped studying English lit at GCSE. I’m not going through that horror show again by reading more Shakespeare
“That was rude, you know,” John chastises him.
"Yeah you did a bit." John was now sitting straight up against the pile of pillows and clutching his side, grimacing. "Just...don't put your hand anywhere near there."
"Uh - yeah sure."
"This is all your fault, John Watson," Sherlock growled more than once into his ear, and John responded with a moan and a grin. "Have you any idea what it's been like for me, the past few hours?"
“No, not really. I’m still a bit confused but - “
John thinks, and almost says out loud.
“So am I,” he shrugs. “You and Rosie could never be an imposition. I’d be happy to help in any way I can.”
"Samantha, you want to study English lit at university, but you don't know where to go from there. You're hoping to stay in education as long as possible before you run into debt or your parents' generosity runs thin. You're Amy's soulmate, yet you're more comfortable here than Rebecca or me, which means you spend considerably more time here than us. In fact, I'll go as far as to say you have been going to the same school for years and it is only by coincidence that you two were matched as soulmates."
John shook his head. “No. No. Absolutely not. It’s your money. You need it right now.”
A pause. "What?"
You can decide for yourself what the benefits of that would be.)
Sherlock: Absolutely not
Warning: Major character injury + implied character death (not the same character)
"Alone?"
"Hello, sorry to bother you, but is there a Sherlock Holmes there?"
"Anyone in sixth year and up will be able to enter but the deadline ends on the 12th of October. On the thirteenth, the champions will be selected. Fair warning, though," Mcgonagall glared around the room, "Once you are chosen, you can not go back. Although the danger-level of the tasks have been reduced over the years, it is still dangerous. But the rewards, I'm sure you will all agree, are worth it."
"Yes." Sherlock replied.
John came tumbling into the living room of 221b Baker Street through the fireplace, covered in white soot and cursing colourfully at the slight pain he felt as he landed on the floor.
“No!” Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist, pulling him back onto the bed. “Ice can wait. You’re
Thank you again for seeing me off at the station.  And for your gift. I haven’t opened it yet as I’m waiting until I get there. Or when I get too bored of staring out of the window. We’ll see which one wins out first. I wish I could say that I did think to get you a gift as well but, let’s be honest (and your book did say that honesty is key to a good relationship with your soulmate, ha ha), I really haven’t. But I will. And I’ll send it to you soon so it will arrive by the time it’s your first day too.
"Fine."
"Your training is nearly over. Soon, we will be completely ready. It's only a matter of time."
John shook his head, honestly, reassuringly. “Actually, I can’t.”
"But how?"
On the ninth session, Sherlock comes around to the coffee shop in person with all of the games in a bag. "I had a case for the last three days. Now is as good a time as any to continue the experiment," he explains. Once John is sure there are no more customers to deal with, he joins Sherlock at the table and starts to play, pausing every so often to get him the coffee and sustenance he missed out on while working so hard on the case.
"Going back was meant to keep her here, so Mycroft could keep an eye on her, because she's
The boy's lips curved into a genuine, calm smile and he took Sherlock's hand with his and shook it firmly. "Victor Trevor." He said smoothly, and Sherlock didn't bother concealing his blush when Victor brought his hand to his lips and kissed it. "Pleasure to meet you, Sherlock."
Even under the dim lighting, John can see Sherlock blushing, a faint pink rising from his neck to his face. It’s a beautiful sight when he blushes and John’s praise never fails to cause it.
"I thought I'd show you some of the things I do when I have nothing better to do. You have board games, I have James Bond." John presses play. "First up: Goldfinger."
Mary chuckled. "I'll see you later."
He truly didn’t. He went through a list of people in his head to be godparents when Mary suggested a christening, and other than Harry and Sherlock, no one really mattered. Besides, Sherlock planned his wedding, encouraged him and Mary to reconcile (somewhat reluctantly, but then again, Mary did shoot him), and John saw his interactions with Archie, so Sherlock clearly at least had a respect for children. Why wouldn’t he want to be the godfather of his and Mary’s child?
You're the drama queen here, Sherlock, the little John-voice in his mind said.
“Yes,” Greg and Harry both say in unison. John simply stares, his mouth agape.
John.
Sherlock smiles up at John bashfully. "I just knew from experience that siblings and parents tend to do those things."
“Yeah, I’m still going to that. My parents don’t want my aunts and uncles and cousins talking - it’s an annual tradition, so I can’t just suddenly excuse myself for any reason. Also, I suppose they will have calmed down by then and gotten used to the idea... You know, I thought us being out of the house for six hours straight would have been enough. We were out in the dark! Past curfew! Any other time, my parents would have flipped, but nooo, just because my soulmate and the person I love happens to have a pe-“
you hear voices. Where does this magical ability go whenever I'm yelling at you to help out with the dishes?"
"Well, Father always spends hours looking at wines. They'd most likely want to stay in the village for a late lunch - you can make an omelette, they trust you to make sure I eat. Though we may not necessarily have all day to indulge, we still have the next - " Sherlock turned over to reach for John's watch on the bedside table, squashing John into making a small 'oof!' in protest as he leant across him - "Six hours."
He sees Mary fall and doesn't see her move again.
John was on their bed.
. I did get some strange looks from my librarian, though.), I have
The castle was asleep. As Sherlock tread carefully down each hallway, the only sounds of life to be heard were the paintings' gentle snoring and the cautious tapping of Sherlock shoes falling against the stone tiles of the castle floors. He held his lit wand out in front of him, his ears twitching with every sound, mentally reassuring himself that if a teacher was to come, he'd excuse it by saying that he was sleep-walking. They couldn't tell him off for that. Not after the trauma of his boyfriend currently being in a coma after being stabbed.
“She - she had other priorities, I suppose.” Namely joining Moriarty’s network, John guesses, but doesn’t voice out loud. “She had an agenda when she married you, and later me. I don’t know how much I’m supposed to tell you, or how much you want to know. Hell, I don’t even know if I know enough to tell you.”
"Christ, no, you think I'm the one doing all the dirty work? All that blood?" The man grimaced. "No. I work...behind the scenes. The director of the play. The author of the novel. Back in the shadows where my Westwood shoes can stay clean and stainless."
"It is. Sort of. How willing are you to commit a crime to get into the theatre?"
“Yeah, And you’re not my mother, John, so piss off.”
“Yeah. I can explain how to pronounce things or what lines mean, we can go through our scenes together by ourselves, without the pressure of other people.” She shrugs. “Up to you.”
"Do you ever date?"
“Usually, no. But with very pretty men such as yourself…” In the dark, Sherlock sees Marco’s eyes travel up and down him as he trails off, somewhat appreciative, mostly hungry. He resists the urge to blush and button up his undone shirt;
Sherlock’s smile fell for the second time that evening, but he nodded, feigning carelessness. (John in equal parts wanted to pull him in for a hug and punch anyone who dared to insult Sherlock before then. Including himself, as a result of his first fuck up, but such is the way life is when you have experienced a million scenarios with a million embarrassing mistakes.) “You can probably see why I don’t date, can’t you?”
"What about the sling?"
“They’re not important. They’re incredibly pathetic.”
Hopefully, if I get the time and inspiration, this won't be the end of this universe. I would quite like to write about them in university, or John in Afghanistan, or even some Reichenbach related letters. Maybe even a sort of 'non-fiction' thing about the history of the soulmate journals, because honestly, I think about that too much for my own good.
There were negatives, of course. Since the day of the second round of the tournament, the number of people making snide remarks and nudging and winking at them increased. There was also a lot of "about damn time"s going around. People generally now felt obligated to talk to him, people who Sherlock never used to talk to, let alone with pleasantries. Perhaps if John hadn't been so sociable...
"You admire me," Sherlock repeated, deadpan.
The two of them entered the ravenclaw common room: circular and large with a dark ceiling made to look like the clear, starry sky on a Summer's evening, and midnight-blue carpets on the floor. They then walked up the small staircase on the left to the boys' dormitory. Sherlock almost immediately rushed to his bed - the one with his violin case lying on top of it - and collapsed face down on it. John couldn't help but smile slightly. "If I had known that all it takes for you to want to sleep is a bit of alcohol, I would have given you some ages ago."
“I’m insulted. I’m the world’s only consulting detective, I am the first to perfect observation into an exact science, I have made various important inventions and discoveries in the field of chemical forensics, and I have a bloody mind palace! I think I can name a simple film.”
“It’s already a bit cheesy.”
"What? No. You should have your hands around my neck. I'm taller."
Sherlock: If you were anyone else, yes
“Well, it’s happening anyway.”
Sherlock smirks, leaning back in his chair then replies, "Bring it on, Doctor Watson."
"It's just dancing, not a group science experiment. But you're right. So, I'll be the one leading, then?"
Sherlock's face was a blank, unreadable. Like he didn't know how he was supposed to respond. John went on, "I wanted to meet you again, you know. I tried. I went back to the same bar a couple of times. And I also started a new jogging route - right near where you were living. It was stupid, I know, but I was hoping we'd - bump into each other, maybe? A kind of meet-cute. It got out of hand, to the point where when we did meet, you assumed I was spying on you for your brother, threatened me, so I undid it to make sure I wouldn't get arrested for stalking."
“I was going to say controlling, but yeah, that too.”
"Yes. And give John his first-aid kit back." He pointed to the floor where it sat.
"When he's stable."
"Do you, Mar - Alissia, sorry - promise to complete all of James Moriarty's tasks, no matter what they may be?" Moran said.
When Sherlock left the tent he really did not want to talk to anyone. He didn't want to look at anyone. He just wanted to stay in his dorm room or the library or anywhere he could focus on something other than the aching void filling up his chest.
Sherlock turns to look out of the window and makes a noise that John can only assume is out of frustration, surprising for someone who is normally so determined to close cases. "Yes. Let's go."
"This is going to go horribly wrong." John whispered at he placed one hand on Mary's waist and the other in her spare hand.
Irene: On St Patrick's day when we both got drunk off of discount beer.
"Now why would I do that?" Mycroft smiled, with a tinge of repressed bitterness as he sat down next to Lestrade and opposite John. "Good morning, John. Gregory."
Kiara shrugged. "If you insists. Next question: are you concerned about the tournament? About how dangerous it is?"
Sherlock: I mean… oh?
"Speaking of which, why is there a new nurse?" John around at the two faces. "He said that Madam Pomfrey had - retired? That doesn't seem like her. She loves her job."
"Okay. Fine." The air was thick with silence.
I’m not a person who can be surprised easily. Do not think I’m bragging or exaggerating when I say I have highly above average intelligence and I can predict people’s actions as easily as I can read most other things about people, from simple observation of patterns. But I have to say, your response was unexpected.
“I do!” Greg interrupts, looking aghast. “I said on the sign up sheet I’d rather be a minor character. Orsino is not a minor character!”
After a dinner that he was forced into eating, he went up to his room under the pretence that he wanted to unpack. Instead, he got his phone from his bag and checked it for messages. Nothing. John always texted him when he got home. Clearly he was avoiding him.
John's first impression is that he can't remember anyone else looking so put-together at two in the morning in his entire three months of the night shift, neither emotionally unstable nor on the verge of falling asleep on the table. He walks into the coffee shop with purpose, his eyes as bright and alert and blue as the midday sun reflecting on the sea, and his clothes are unwrinkled. Most people's clothes at this time are scruffy or uncoordinated out of pure exhaustion, or even just a coat over some pyjamas. But this man wears a suit, impeccably dressed as if he had spent hours primping and choosing what to wear, what product to have in his hair, what shoes suited his outfit. Or maybe this comes naturally to him, rolling out of bed with perfect curls and throwing on whatever he could find. John looks down at his own outfit - a jumper stained with coffee, old jeans loose from weeks of lacking the motivation to eat, and an ugly plastic cane by his side - and resists the urge to be self-conscious.
John shakes his head firmly, placing the old bandages aside on the floor next to Sherlock's bed. He will move them later. "No. I can't."
Joseph looks up, his face conflicted between worry and hopefulness. “You do?”
“She’s staying at a friend’s house too. She hasn’t spoken to me yet.”
"You seem like a smart man. Being a therapist would be a waste of your intellect."
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but then was interrupted by the voice on the speakers, telling all audience members to sit in the stands as the tournament would begin in 10 minutes. Sherlock sighed.
“Peter?”
"That's what happens when my hair gets wet, it's not a big deal. Unless I look so absolutely replulsive..."
A pause. "Oh. That's nice."
"This isn't a complaint, Sherlock, what were you thinking?!" Mycroft hissed.
(Looking back, that sounds harsh. It’s not. Imagine it being said in a nice way. You’re smart in your own way. Love you. Don’t be mad.)
He approached her in the Great Hall at breakfast while she was sat with Janine. They both looked up at him - Mary coolly, Janine in surprise - and Janine nodded in understanding before sitting elsewhere. Mary glared at him.
"No, but I was taught occumency by - by Beuxbatons." Mary said. "In terms of how to defeat it, just throw whatever you have at it. Spells, jinxes, curses. Whatever works."
John tried to reason with himself: You can't save them all, it's not your fault, you have saved so many more lives than you have lost. But that didn't stop the overwhelming wave of guilt crashing over him, stinging behind his eyes and filling his lungs like heavy tar.
“You’re like a furnace and I do need some hours of sleep, believe it or not.”
“Mmh. You do. Don’t worry, though. You can make it up to me.”
The conversation drifted down other tangents. Janine attempted to talk to Sherlock, but when she realised that Sherlock would rarely give more than a one or two-word answer, she gave up and chatted on to Mary.
"I didn't ask - "
"Harry, go to your room," Mrs Watson advises quickly, and Harry can't leave her seat fast enough. The bedroom door slams behind her. "Both of you, go now. We'll talk later. Or in the morning. Whenever we've calmed down enough to discuss this."
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. "Let me?"
"The perfect blend of theatre and Shakespeare references with Russian terms."
“Wow. Keep that acting up and we’ll have you to cast you as a major character.” Harry grins as she approaches, a script in hand. Her cheeks are flushed happily, grinning with excitement.
“I never said that.”
John plucks up the courage to ask Sherlock more about his love life at their fourteenth meeting over a game of operation.
"The answer to the riddle is 'tomorrow', in case you were wondering," The knocker said as they passed.
"Ugh. Sherlock, I'm sorry, I have to go. I have a shift."
"Yep, fine. Completely recovered from the hangover now."
P.S. Though you giving me permission to go out with other people is appreciated, it's probably not necessary. Most people are too busy with their own soulmates or schoolwork to want to start going out with anyone at the moment. But the same applies to you. You can go out with people if you want.
"Actually, you have no need for concern, Karlssen." Mcgonagall smiled coolly. "We have all the existing protective enchantments around the castle, and liquid from the Thief's Downfall has been added to everyone's drinks."
Sherlock opened his mouth, possibly to answer, probably to point out the cliche nature of what John just said, but was interrupted as a man with long hair tied in a ponytail and a beard came out of the kitchens.
Molly beams and hands over her phone to Greg without a second thought. “Could you give me your number? So we can sort out the finer details. I have a lecture in a minute, so - “
“Nah, my roommate seems alright. Bit of a laugh, actually. I’ll tell you about him later, alright?”
"No. I suppose not."
“I was just doing my job. But if that’s what gets me home, I’ll take it.”
"Don't worry about me, John. Just go in there, get in your seat, and keep an eye out for any disturbances. There are opera glasses you can get for a pound in there to help."
I'm You'll be spying on me?"
The doors to the Great Hall opened before Sherlock could argue back. On the bench to the right, Mary and Janine were sitting next to each other and giggling. They looked up and Mary waved them over. Janine whispered something into Mary's ear, and Mary laughed. Sherlock didn't trust that.
"It came to mind first, as you said." Sherlock quickly stands up. "Time to call it an evening I think."
"You won't be able to solve crimes on intuition when you're older."
"I do."
"Not gay?" The Milverssen's voice turned female, and it transformed before John's eyes from the reptile-arachnid hybrid into a girl. Dark hair, red lipstick, cat-like eyes, and with only a grey-ish tint around her skin to show it was in fact the Milverssen, John recognised her - it? - easily. Irene Adler. "I know. I heard you."
“Give it a week. Then I’ll be free to go.”
Thank you so much for all the nice comments! The last chapter was unexpectedly popular, so thanks!
"Good luck, John." Mary hugged John quickly, and kissed his cheek, before leaving the tent. Sherlock turned to leave too, before John caught him by the arm and turned him around.
He pressed his lips together and shook his head. "I'm sorry, John. He was beyond saving by the time that you found him." With that, he left to visit the other patients.
"I haven't told them. I just sort of hoped that you would blend into the background long enough to get them tipsy and therefore slightly more sociable. Then you'll blend back in when they have more to drink and have lowered inhibitions."
"Well, I am just a physical representation of what you're thinking, so if you think so..."
“It’s just a fifteen-minute walk from here.”
“I know, but I feel bad. Dads don’t abandon their kids for bank robberies.”
Sherlock turned over to lie on his back, his neck turned to face John. "I thought you were going to get your first aid kit." He muttered sleepily.
“How so?” Sherlock asks as he takes a sip of his coffee, making a satisfied hum when he found it to be acceptable (John smiles proudly that his coffee meets Sherlock’s standards.)
He says he wants to join the army. As a medic, rather than on the front lines. He’s mad, of course, and I told him that, but he went on about how it’s about doing your part and saving people’s lives, and also that his girlfriend loves men in uniform. More convincing than my Dad ever was on the subject, and he’s spouted every single argument possible at me to get me to join. Before now, I only saw it as a straight path to becoming my Dad - traumatised and angry and drinking to cope. But not everyone does become that, do they?
"Shut up, Sherlock."
"But he's still out there! He's gathering allies and resources as we speak!" A feeble attempt at yelling came out as a watery croak and he felt his eyes sting with tears again. "We could be...looking in muggle CCTV footage! Using international records and files! Or something, I don't know. Anything would be better than just sitting here."
“I know about your gambling addiction, and that your wife is pregnant with another man’s child. That you can’t afford to pay your rent and electric anymore, and you’re now relying on your sister’s generosity to get by.”
"He has rights!"
"What?"
"No!" John reached across the table to grab the paper. "I'll read it first. I have my rights."
"I see. And you undid this?" The confusion and shock on Sherlock's face had now turned into nervousness, hurt.
A few minutes into his walk he encountered an Acromantula - just a young one, but still much bigger than John, with eight pitch black eyes and pincers readily poised - which he got rid of very easily with an Arania Eximai. Then for a while there was nothing, except a sudden thickness in the air as he turned left, then right, then came to a dead end, and had to turn back. He soon came to realised that he was completely and utterly lost, as no matter where he turned, the hedges suddenly closed off and he was trapped. He got his wand out and was about to say "point me", only for it to suddenly fly out of his hand. He looked over and there was Moran, holding it in his fingertips, a face of cold, hard stone. John sighed.
"Done." Madam Pomfrey eventually said. "You may sit up if you want. Now excuse me, I have the other contestants to check over." Pomfrey walked out of John's peripheral vision - then he heard her sigh and start talking to someone outside of the door. But soon she gave in to whomever was outside. "You have a guest, Mr Watson." She called before walking outside. John sat up and smiled with relief when Sherlock entered.
"You'll feel better later. Talk more."
The Durmstrangs cheered as a tall, muscular boy with dirty blonde hair stood up from the within the crowd of Durmstrangs and made his way to the front. His thin lips were curled ever so slightly, but bore no sign of surprise.  Sherlock had to admit, he was handsome. And he wasn't the only one to agree; Molly was whispering in her friend's ear and giggling as she stared at Moran. But he looked too cruel, too tough, too untrustworthy. After shaking Mcgonagall's hand, he disappeared into the side chambers at the front. As the applause died down, the flames turned red again and another piece of paper was coughed out.
“Fine, I suppose we can stay in bed for a little while. Honestly, the things I do for you…”
"You're going to be a problem, aren't you?" Sherlock heard him whisper.
"You - you're working for him?!"
“Fuck work,” John murmured, as he crowded Sherlock against the wall, closing the door behind him. "I was planning on calling in sick anyway."
"Please, none of that now. I haven't been called 'Sir' since - well, in around twelve years. Mr Watson is fine, for now." He turns on the TV, stretching out on the sofa,
“What’s so happy about it?” It’s a genuine question - Valentine’s day was never something he made any attempt to remember or to commemorate, with no long term partners at any point in his life - but John laughs and Sherlock’s stomach flips pleasantly.
"Your accent, too. It's almost undetectable. I does make me wonder," Sherlock regained his cool mask, "whether you are French at all."
“Yes, we are.”
John takes a moment to absorb this, inhales and exhales, before croaking out like a confession, "And if she's not? If she's genuinely changed and just shot you to get out of a sticky situation?"
"Sorry. I came to refill your coffee and it was just open and - and I got curious. Sorry. I'll leave you alone."
"Well, don't let me hold you back by any means. What are they?"
“You’re a -“
“Oh yes, he’s just in our room getting changed. You know how muddy he gets after cricket and he wants to look nice for our guest.”
“Now that that’s over and done with,” Irene glares, “we can finally move on to the actual reading of the script. Now, this is to just give you a chance to get a feel for the words and the style. You don’t need acting or drama - “
"Neither is ignoring me for two weeks. But I can see why you did."
"Guess so."
And then there was Mary and Janine. He never spoke to Mary anymore. If they made eye contact, one of them would turn away; Sherlock sheepishly, Mary haughtily. He rarely spoke to Janine anymore, mainly because she was always the one to start conversations, and her allegiance to Mary meant that some unspoken law prevented her from talking to the current boyfriend of her best friend's ex boyfriend. But she would smile at him, maybe talk for a short amount of time about nothing in particular before they would move on to wherever they would have to be.
Sherlock exhales softly, then nods solemnly, taking another long sip of his coffee like it's liquid courage. “Into battle.”
"Don't get ahead of yourself, we still have - ah - the next two weeks ahead of us," John shivered as Sherlock moved his attention to his neck, kissing and biting at it gently. "Loads more practicals and exams to work for."
“Yeah, the fact that my shoulder is hurting like a bitch right now proves that,” John grumbled.
Harry: Yeah they’re friends
"I can imagine. The great Sherlock Holmes had no idea I was in love with him? You're a disgrace to your name." John was teasing him.
John holds out his hand and Sherlock steps forward without hesitation, wrapping long arms around him as John rests his forehead on his shoulder.
"Hi, sorry, is Sherlock there?"
“So you come here often then?”
"And if I want you to?"
"Yeah."
"I think the question you should be asking, Sherlock," Greg grinned, "is who he is staring at. Girl taken your fancy, John?"
“It was for the case! You know, with the Greenwich pips.”
“Really, John? Puns?” Sherlock said, shaking his head.
"I...suppose that I would make sure more people were present looking out for disturbances, never mind Mycroft's insistence it would scare off the assassin before we could arrest them."
"I was designed to be intimidating," a voice whispered hoarsely - neither male nor female, and John realised it was the Milverssen, "to criminals or the like. You're afraid of me, aren't you?"
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand in the air. "Irrelevant. You are a doctor who went to war to save lives, you revealed your most hidden secret to me for no reason other to save the lives of a couple of children. You are one of the few people I've met who tolerate my deductions, and you have done since the very beginning.  you make me eat and sleep when I forget to and take care of my wellbeing. You let me do experiments in the kitchen - yes, I know, as long as it stays away from anything edible. You flirted with me within 24 hours of meeting me, and immediately retracted it when you were rejected, without pushing further for a positive answer. You then shot a man to save my life. And to top this all off, you can time travel. So yes, I'd say you are rather strange. In fact," Sherlock's smile grew, eyes bright. It took John's breath away. "I'd say you were a puzzle."
"What are you implying, Donovan?" Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. "Surely you aren't still offended from me noticing the obvious fact that - "
Sherlock grimaces. “Don’t kill her brain cells with that rot. She’s too young and too innocent.”
"I don't know. Liam and Robert didn't look fun to be in a fight with." John has to agree with that, the two of them being well over six feet tall. Most of his bruises come from them two tackling him in training alone.
John trailed off and the rest of the students fell silent as a woman, who John assumed was the headmistress of Beuxbatons, walked towards Mcgonagall. Everyone fell into the same state of awe as they realised just how tall the headmistress of Beuxbatons was.
“I see.” Sherlock opens the album. The first few pages are all newspaper clippings of their cases together, with words like ‘anonymous informant’ and ‘help from a nameless source’ circled, from back when Sherlock was hidden from the public eye. The cases soon become more frequent and high end, as Sherlock turns from a faceless help behind the scenes of Scotland Yard to ‘Hat Man’ and ‘Boffin’ and ‘Private Detective’. The picture of the two of them in the hat are in there, as well as the sneaky paparazzi photos John used to pretend to be upset about: them walking together after a case has been solved: Sherlock passing a piece of evidence to him with the camera angled just so so they looked like they were holding hands; them laughing at a private joke as they sat outside at a cafe. Their most private and intimate moments have been captured on camera, published for the world to see, and honestly, John can’t say that he minds. Sherlock doesn't seem too bothered either, but instead peruses the photos with a small smile as he lets nostalgia wash over him.
"Oh, okay. That should be easy enough." John couldn't resist the tint of sarcasm in his voice.
"Lucky you. We can't all have mind palaces or whatever and never forget a single detail by accident." John stood beside him.
John glanced up at Molly. "Trouble in paradise?"
Espresso Yourself
"It's probably bigger on the inside. Besides, only people who want to enter or want to watch the tournament are coming. Even then there was probably a limit to who could come. One hundred, perhaps."
"I'm on a night shift tomorrow, and then there's a two-day window until my next shift where I'll try and catch up on the sleep I lost. Let me know a time that is best for your experiment."
19:32 She’s gone out with some friends. One of them has had a bad break up.
I don't mind what we do in London. Try to avoid taking me to sporting events, please. I will probably end up talking over any film you take me to in the cinema. Films these days are so unimaginative and repetitive. I could probably spoil the plot for you within five minutes. Not to mention deducing the private lives of actors. Apparently, people don't like having their idealised images of celebrities 'ruined' for them. Honestly, if you could find a crime scene for me to break into, that would be ideal. A murder would be preferable. If not, sight-seeing will do.
"I love you more," Sherlock says without hesitation, firm even with the way he's shaking, his cheeks wet, eyes focused on the wound with revulsion and distress. Oh, John thinks, like a dull light bulb flickering in the back of his mind. Normally he'd expect to be panicking or overjoyed at this point, but all he can feel is a catharsis. He'd expect it to be a symptom of death if he wasn't so stubborn, determined to get through this stupid bullet wound so he can kiss Sherlock again, so they can talk, so he can come home.
"You know, I think I recognise you."
Sherlock inhaled, then stood up and started rapidly listing his deductions.
Don't worry about me 'moving on' too quickly. We're an efficient family, so it was only natural to think about putting things away within the week. I'll be fine soon enough. At least, I hope so.
Sherlock debated whether to tell Molly this or not. Of course, she already knew about him. His feelings. Apparently everyone did now. But when Janine got involved... what did he get out of being out in the open other than a drunk date and a cut on his cheek?
"Not learning English. She could have had the decency to, being in England and all zat."
"It will take some getting used to, though. I've brought you up with a certain idea of what your future would be like, and it was heartbreaking when I found out it would be different."
I'd like to think I'd be prepared for any form of news, accept it and move on and just know whatever happens is for the best, but I don't think I will. I could barely handle the idea of Redbeard being missing and alive, let alone him b
"A stabbing by an unknown person or persons, with seemingly no motive or link between victims..."
"You're afraid, John Watson." the girl whispered cruelly, circling him slowly. "Of Sherlock. Of your friends. Of your family. Of yourself. You're a coward." It spat out the last word with such ferocity, that something in John just...sparked. "You're nothing but a great big co - "
Oh, he’s good. But then again, with a nickname like ‘Three Continents Watson’, he shouldn’t be surprised. “No.”
"Shame. I would still be more accurate than most police officers."
"Now what?"
The rest regarding your personality is just an honest conclusion based on your letters and the fact I find you tolerable. I was amused by your comment on physics. Your intelligence, kindness despite my cynical and standoffish attitude, good sense of humour, all made me believe that at least someone liked you enough to want to go out with you. Girlfriend seemed more likely than boyfriend, but your comment about not minding my gender made me assume that you at least have bisexual tendencies and therefore you could have had a boyfriend at some point. Which you haven't apparently. Still, I didn't want to rule out the possibility.
"Thank you for doing this."
"You mixed together chemicals that you knew would make an explosion. You studied chemistry at uni. You definitely had it coming." John pats Sherlock's ankles to get him to move so he can sit down next to him, and turns on the tv. "Besides, it's only one night so Mrs Hudson can get cleaners in. You're lucky she likes you so much and wouldn't evict you."
“You’re a bit cocky, aren’t you?”
"Thank god. How else would I win you over without my extraordinarily abnormal intelligence? Now shut up and kiss me."
"He's great. So much more - gentlemanly than Louis."
"Oh yes. I have no idea what it is though. Something like a - tournament? With two other schools. I don't know. Dull."
Sherlock asks, voice low and rough. (
"Are you - are you alright with everything I've just said? It's not made you change your mind about this, has it?"
"See you, Sherlock."
"What happened, Sherlock?" John asked softly.
"So, Sherlock,” Mrs Watson begins the conversation with ease. “Tell us about yourself.”
John isn't interested in ballet, but he would happily watch Sherlock for two and a bit hours.
"Hey." He wants to place his fingers under Sherlock's chin, to tilt his face up and kiss him and wipe his tears away, but he's in too much pain to move. Besides, he'd rather not get blood on Sherlock's face. Instead, he speaks softly, letting all his love and adoration pour out freely for Sherlock to see and deduce. "It's gonna be fine, yeah? I love you. It'll be fine."
“Oh. Okay.” He can hear the smile in his voice, pleases and ever so slightly smug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Redbeard is just a normal dog and not in fact Victor Trevor.
Happy holidays! :)
Second came a flash of green zooming past Sherlock's ear, too fast for any logical reaction.
"Shush. So later, the sylph appears again and he kisses her. His best friend sees this and runs off to tell Effie, but they don't believe him. At the wedding, the sylph returns and steals the ring that is meant for Effie. James chases her into the forest, leaving his bride-to-be heart broken.
Mary left the hall in a rush with Janine trailing behind her.
The door knocks and snaps John out of his panicked thoughts as he goes to open the door. The anxiety must be showing on his face because the first thing Sherlock says when he comes in is “sit down. I’ll make tea.”
Sherlock
"That would explain your extensive vocabulary in first year. Shall I help?"
He felt a hand grab his arm, so he turned around to snap at that person, to find Mycroft there. "Oh, it's you. Don't you have some over-seas tournament to organise or a boyfriend you could be seeing?" Sherlock didn't restrain the impatience in his voice.
"Yeah, Sherlock, you definitely need some sleep. Six hours at least. Doctor's orders."
“It means I don’t work for the police. I help them out on the occasion they need it - which is almost always - and I also take private clients on occasion in exchange for money. Angelo Senior was one of them.”
"John, if you think I would be remotely interested in any of them you clearly don't know me at all."
He tried to quell the growing sick-feeling in his stomach (and the growing disturbing concern as he wondered how the clothes got onto his bed) as he tried the clothes on: red trousers, a dark red and black shirt with the Hogwarts badge on the chest and a red and black jacket with "Watson" printed in yellow on the back. He looked in the mirror; surprisingly, it fit (how they knew his size - whoever 'they' were - he didn't want to know). Even more surprisingly, he looked good. After he brushed his hair and nodded at his reflection, he went down the stairs to the Great Hall. As he traveled, he was vaguely aware of some of the pictures on the wall wishing him luck as he passed. He ignored them.
“If you’re just making all of this up –"
“Huh,” is all John says.
"A week?!" Both John and Greg yelled at the same time.
Sherlock didn't need to look over at who the man was referring to. Attacking John, controlling him, using him to toy with Sherlock's fears and vulnerabilities like a child with their presents at Christmas was proof enough of whom Moriarty was truly threatening. Moriarty shrugged then walked off back towards Moran and Mary. "Anyway, must be off. People to kill. Crimes to organise. Suits to buy." Moran and Mary followed after him. as ducklings to their mother. "Caoi!"
Soon, to John's relief, other people started to join in with the dance and the attention on him and the other champions left. Something to the left of him caught caught John's eye, and when he turned to glance at it, he saw Sherlock dancing with Victor Trevor. Except he seemed so much more graceful, more elegant,  more professional that anyone here. He swayed in time with the music and stepped perfectly without crashing into anyone. Victor was pretty good too. Very good, actually. John couldn't tell who out of him and Victor was leading; they were both equal to each other and the dictating music. Even when the song changed into a faster waltz, they stayed perfectly in time. His chest heaved with jealousy at just how well the two of them fitted together, and with anger at the predatory way that Victor gazed at Sherlock in his arms. Sherlock, meanwhile, wasn't paying attention: his eyes were as glazed over as when he played the violin, or explained in rapid flow his many deductions, or when he entered his mind palace. John  looked away quickly, before Sherlock started noticing the real world again.
John mock salutes and leaves the room obediently. Once he does, he takes a moment to lean against the wall outside, suddenly tired to the bone and needing a long nap. Or caffeine. Just as he's about to muster up the last of his energy to get a drink of water, he hears the rumble of Sherlock's voice from inside the hospital room.
John chews on his lower lip as he stares at the fireplace, because it gives him something to look at besides the soft, sincere look on Sherlock's face. "I should have said it sooner. I've just been a coward."
Thankfully, Mary eventually cut in with, "What did you do over Christmas?" and John came close to breathing a sigh of relief.
"How long have I - " John cleared his throat. Christ, it felt like sandpaper. " - how long have I been out?"
It's eyes were dead and, John guessed, colourless. Its face was flat and surprisingly human-like, with a smirk carved into the bottom of the face and the corner of a sharp tongue darting out threateningly. It was the blend of human and reptile, the dead eyes which, despite being hidden behind a camera, stared straight through John and seemed to be reading his thoughts, the way someone would read someone else's hidden diary, and the fact that it's sly smile suggested it liked what it saw, what the new information could reward it with. John shuddered and wiped his sweaty palms on his uniform. Mcgonagall carried on regardless.
"Oh, just ignore that. This is only a draft after all." Kiara smiled. "But, tell me, is your friend - Sherlock, is it? - part of the reason you entered the tournament?"
“I know, I know. Look, let’s not think about that, ok? Let’s distract ourselves. Something nice to think about, other than exams and the pandemic and the potential collapse of western capitalism as we know it. You done anything nice lately?”
“Of course. Eventually.”
"They wouldn't fight you."
"First, I need you to explain why."
“You always seem hungover nowadays, Harry.” John commented with a frown.
Sherlock pauses to consider, his eyes narrowed at John - who is giving him an innocent, wide-eyed stare, a small smile on his lips - then sighs. “I hate that that works, but fine. For you.”
"Don't you get lonely?"
“Don’t look at me like that, I said I’d stop. We just might need to start sleeping with some icepacks as well.”
“Yeah. It was embarrassing. I just really, really miss you.”
"Can never be too sure, can you?"
John swallowed and shook his head minutely. He still had some pride on him.
Six months into civilian life, John was little better off than he was before. His blog remained pointless, utterly empty of anything interesting. His nightmares were consistent each night, leaving him hollowed out and barely holding back frustrated sobs, and nothing, absolutely nothing, was happening to him.
He thought he was asexual.
"What's there to talk about?" John spat, sitting himself up to face Sherlock. He was standing by the door, fiddling with his hands nervously. "I think everything we have to say is well and truly out in the open."
"What took you so long?" Mary asked, though a friendly smile remained on her face.
“So.”
John grins, his eyes bright. “Thank you.” He kneels up to kiss Sherlock quickly, grateful and reassuring. "I get that you're nervous, you know. It's a big deal."
"You sure?" Sherlock nodded in reply. John sighed. "Fine. Come on." John pulled Sherlock up by the arms, then put his arm around his shoulders. "Just keep walking, put one foot in front of the other."
Sherlock glared at Mycroft's back as he left the room. When the door closed, he picked up his violin again and played the same mournful tune, calming his erratic heartbeat.
But how was he to avoid a person for seven months straight, while they were both confined to the school?
“It’s the read through today,” Harry cuts across Irene when she looks on the verge of exploding. “Do you at least remember your lines? I’m told you have an amazing memory.” She smirks pointedly at John, who glares daggers back.
"John Watson?"
“Not yet.”
"Your knowledge on human anatomy."
"Yeah, you too."
"You put me on the spot! I didn't know what else to say." They both giggle at this, laughing until John's cheeks ache and they are both out of breath. When John calms down, he looks back at Sherlock, whose cheeks are flushed and eyes are bright and sparkling merrily.
"It's not exactly going to bring those children back, is it?" A muffled voice came from outside the door. "I can think of seven possible ways this could have been prevented, and it's only now that I think of them. What's the point of having my intellect and capacity for observation when I'm not even going to use it? The timing was all wrong - "
"Not interested."
"Yes, so do I. I could actually get some sleep whenever Lestrade came round." Sherlock waited for the blush to appear on Mycroft's face, but he remained as calm and stoic as ever. "Why are you here, if you're not going to lecture me?"
"Oh yeah, John said that you solve crimes."
Victor shrugged and John let out a huff of frustration. "I'm going to go and find him." He stormed off before the more primal side of him convinced him to punch Victor, as he deserved.
"No need to be so dramatic about it -"
"Now get some rest, Mister Watson. It will lunchtime soon and I'm sure your friends would want to visit you. You need all the strength you can get. You've been very popular the last couple of days I've been here."
"What?"
John relaxes slightly and grins back, putting his journal back in his back pocket. "Modest and insulting in one comment. Nice."
"You put John in that hospital bed. You helped him," Sherlock spat. "So how long? How much are you responsible for?" Sherlock wondered with sickening realisation  about her relationship with John. About her mysterious past. How much of her was real?"
Sherlock hummed without opening his eyes.
"Is it supposed to be that colour?" Sherlock and John looked down at the potion, which had turned blood red.
Sherlock is getting bored. John can tell from the way he is slumped in his chair and tapping his fingers impatiently, but at least he’s a little better at hiding it. “This is simply guilt caused by your recent engagement manifesting itself in your everyday life, nothing more. A therapist is what you need, not a detective.”
"It's hard to tell. My inhibitions were lowered. My memory of it is a little fuzzy. But I'm pretty sure I did." Sherlock felt his eyes burn slightly. Damn the alcohol still in his system.
Dear Sherlock
"And people say I'm the narcissist."
"For those of you who don't know," mcgonagall said over the noise, as it began to die down, "the tri-wizard tournament is a historical tradition which goes back hundreds of years. Every five years, one school - in this case, Hogwarts - is host to two other schools. The schools each have one volunteer, one champion, to compete in a set of three exciting, and sometimes dangerous tasks. The prize for the winner is ten thousand galleons - " almost everyone gasped - " - and the tri-wizard cup."
"I am very excited to have been chosen," John said, smiling, "I couldn't believe it when my name was called. It was fantastic."
"Like that ugly jumper of yours?"
"Right. Of course," he grins. "Well then. I'd better leave you to it. But seriously though, as a medical professional -
“Today,” Harry’s loud voice cuts over his increasingly ridiculous and paranoid thoughts, “we’re going to officially announce the casting and try a read through. Now, I know most productions would do an audition process to find the most suitable candidate for each part, but since we are short on both time and talent, we’ve given the parts out pretty much randomly to most of you.” No one seems to be that bothered by the suggestion that they lack talent, knowing it to be true, so she continues, “anyway, please take a chair from the back of the room and gather around in a circle so we can begin.”
"Yes," Mary replied with bored disinterest.
"Oh?" The brow of the creature creased, as though it would raise an intrigued eyebrow, if it had any. "Forgive me. I'm still in my developmental stage. It's a difficult task, to pick and choose out of the information I am given," the beast scuttled towards John, and he resisted the urge to step away from it, "to know what exactly to do and say before my victim snaps." The creature grew in size until it was at eye level with John. It's eyes wandered around John, flickering greedily as it - read? - John. John instinctively stepped backwards. Don't think, don't think, don't think.
"Why isn't he here? In the infirmary"
"I know that, Mister Moran." Mcgonagall said calmly. "This is simply a test of your mental strength, your ability to clear your mind, to withstand its attempts to identify your pressure points and use it against you.
"You didn't need to stare at me like I'm some lost puppy." Sherlock said crossly.
Dear John,
"That Victor basically got you drunk then punched you. Never liked the guy, anyway, if it's of any comfort."
They continued to search for a while, to no avail, until a sudden crack of thunder sounded and it began to rain. At first it was light enough to ignore, but then it grew heavier, rain somehow getting past all the levels of leaves above them and soaking them through.
Instead, he was attending to the injuries of a man he barely knew in the regiment, who had no hope of being saved. He could have had children. He could have had a spouse, or parents, or friends. John didn't know - nor did he care in that moment. He tried to stabilise the wound, put pressure on it as he yelled for more assistance, knelt there beside the man as his hands became wet and scarlet with the other one's blood. Neither of them spoke to one another; the other soldier was too fearful, his eyes wide with the shocking reminder of his very much imminent mortality, and John was too focused on keeping the soldier alive in the sweltering hot desert heat.
"Good evening, Madam Maxime." John couldn't help but smile at the appropriateness of her name and wonder if it was a coincidence or not. "I hope you and your students had a pleasant flight."
"No - that's not what I meant - "
John scoffs and reaches a hand up, tucking a damp curl behind Sherlock's ear. "Still, I'd rather not stand here for too long. You'll get a cold, and I don't want you ill while I'm here visiting. Is there a cafe we can warm ourselves up in?"
“Or maybe he was just a psychopath that impulsively blew his own brains out just to prove a point?” John suggests drily.
"We met at a bar, started talking. You were celebrating three months of sobriety. I was meant to be out with a friend, but he managed to pull someone and left me. The first time we spoke I completely insulted you and had to go back to re-do the whole thing. The second time I was more successful. We went out to dinner - to Angelo's, actually, soon after you helped him with his case. We ate, I walked you home, then we.... spent the night together. I just - thought you should know."
Sherlock got out his phone and showed it to John. On it read a message John barely remembered sending.
"He did. You even replied. Something along the lines of 'I don't care, go away, I have an experiment to complete and your presence will affect the results." Except with more insults."
Sherlock paused. "I'll think about it."
He rings Sherlock, who picks it up even at this hour of the  morning. John wonders if he slept at all after the events of last night. “John?”
“I can’t take care of a child,” he splutters. “I can barely take care of myself. You do realise the kind of responsibility you’re trusting me with?”
"Oh, nothing. It's just that there's a carriage and horses flying over our heads."
"On the rare occasion that they occur where I live, and when the police allow me to get involved."
"Shame."
"Oh, I can tell when people lie. You're very obvious. But on the matter at hand, I think we should just... Start again."
It was pitch black in the forest, save for the lights coming from Moriarty's and Moran's wands, which now seemed higher up from her point of view. She had shrunken, and she could feel her abdomen pressed against the floor.
"Yeah?"
“Okay. I have to go. Clara’s come back from the shop with ice cream. Love you.”
Thanks again for inviting me out to London.
“I’m counting on it,” Greg chuckles. “You’re a lifesaver, Molly Hooper.”
“Exactly. Sometimes ‘subtle’ means yelling it from the rooftops and people will still say ‘oh wow, what a great ally to the community!”
"You should probably sleep then." Sherlock said. "You slept for three hours last night and we'll be arriving at Hogwarts in 2 more hours. I'll wake you when we're nearly there."
"Hush now, my dear. He's only gone back to sleep." Moriarty stepped over John's comatose form over towards Sherlock. He kept eye contact with the man against his will. Moriarty's eyes roamed, looking Sherlock up and down and pinning him firmly to the infirmary's stone floor. "No need to be scared, Sherlock. I admire you, you know."
"I did it wrong, didn't I." Sherlock muttered. John gaped in awe, and smiled adoringly.
"Well, he is taller than me. He does cast a very big shadow."
"Even when we were just friends, I'd hoped for it." Sherlock paused, "is that too much too soon? Its probably a little early for all...this. But I don't see why it's not possible. Look at Harry and Ginny Potter; apparently they met at Hogwarts. At least that's what the biographies say. Apart from Rita Skeeter, who - "
"...Right. Anyway, you honestly have nothing to worry about." John pressed a kiss to the back of Sherlock's neck, feather light. "I could have a dozen papers due in and I'd still want to make time to meet you. If anything," he chuckles, "I should be worried about you. Down there in Cambridge, all the intelligent public school lot who shop at Waitrose for groceries..."
"You're not a doctor."
“Luckily the mortals can only see one.”
Everyone does as they are told, and John finds himself placed between Greg and Irene, the script he brought along held between him and Greg, who has forgotten his as an act of defiance.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Look, the reason I'm asking about this is because... Well, it's mainly because I was curious. But, also because I want you to know that I'm your friend."
Onstage, Macbeth was stabbing the sleeping Duncan in his bed, behind an opaque, white curtain, which was being sprayed with false blood. The orchestral music was tense, with a firm sforzando with every stab, one that was almost comical in its melodrama (John could practically see Harry rolling her eyes at the poor stagecraft in the back of his head). In the balcony on the right-hand side, John heard a thud and screams, which were quickly choked off, like someone had pressed paused. The rest of the audience went undisturbed, assuming that it was part of the melodrama or just an oversensitive spectator who was somehow unaware that there was going to be murder in Macbeth, but something in John's gut tensed up, knowing that something was very, very, wrong. He got up out of his seat, pushing his way between the chairs in front and the stretched out legs of other audience members, who were glaring at John for leaving at such a crucial scene, but John couldn't care less. When he was out in the foyer and on his way up the stairs to the balcony, he spoke into his earpiece.
See you very soon.
"Wait, you didn't like me?"
"So statistically..."
John's fists clench around his cutlery as he addresses his dad, trying his best to rein himself in. "Yes, fine. We kissed. Like boyfriends
11 years later
"So. How did you find that?"
"Later, the wedding guests search for him in the forest. James' best friend proposes to Effie, urged on by the witch, and she accepts. The witch later meets James and gives him a scarf that she promises will - oh look, it's starting!"
“Well, I think it’s going to go alright, actually. I’ve sort of been preparing them a bit, you know? Putting them in the right mindset.”
However, exam season does have a bonus, and that is getting to smugly watch all the idiots I've known and loathed since primary school have breakdowns and become stressed when their tiny minds can't comprehend what an endothermic reaction is, or how to solve a quadratic equation. It's rather relaxing to watch other people suffer due to their own stupidity, don't you think?
“Exactly. So tonight will either be very amusing to observe or complete hell.”
"True. I don't know, I'm not thinking straight, sorry."
"Why aren't you with John? Surely such a triumph should be celebrated with his... Pals." Sherlock wanted to punch that smirk right off his brother's face.
“I like walks with you, and getting to collect soil samples. Now I can’t even hold hands with you, and mum says it’s not ‘sanitary’ to bring dirt into the house nowadays.”
“Okay. So I’ve never done this with anyone before.”
"I know. I suppose I'm rather fond of her as well." Sherlock sips at his tea and hums, satisfied. "What are we watching?"
The night goes on and was mostly spent simply talking - Robert recounting the story of his first visit to America and the disasters which occurred there, Liam telling the story how he broke his leg in rugby, John joining in with the story about his collarbone. Samantha launching into a long rant about her favourite author - mostly alcohol induced, but Amy clings onto every word and listens as though it is gospel - Sherlock showing off and deducing other people in the room. No one is particularly bothered about dancing, until the song transitions into a slower one, and as though in a trace, everyone instinctively reaches for their soulmate partner, if they are present. The teenagers in the room take a little longer, murmuring questions to their partner and shrugging, as if they don't have particularly strong feelings on the matter, on wanting to dance with the other for the first time. (Robert simply mutters something about going home and calling Lucy, then leaves after a few quick goodbyes.)
"Alright. Come in for a bit. Only a little while, mind."
After being briefed on the (private!) flight over, John now walks down the streets of Salzburg, seeking out the hotel that Sherlock is staying him. He should be nervous; after all, he’s potentially facing a dangerous assassin and as well as that, Sherlock’s wrath when he finds out that he is here - and yet he feels confident, bordering on cocky. He can feel it in his stride, in his posture, in the determined, set look on his face. In fact, with the weight of the gun in his jacket inner pocket and the speaker in his ear, he can’t help but feel a little bit like James Bond. More than that, he feels like a soldier again. Granted, instead of wearing a suitably tailored tux or a neatly kept uniform, he’s still in cheap jeans from Primark and a plaid shirt that still have traces of baby saliva on them after hugging Rosie goodbye at Harry’s doorstep. Even so, a surge of confidence and adrenaline rise through him as he powers through the streets, each one more rough-looking and unfriendly than the last.
A harsh kick to the stomach.
Molly made a shushing noise and placed a comforting hand on John's shoulder. "Hey, it's fine. Don't stress about it - stress will slow down recovery time. He's just doing some research."
John hangs up his apron in the back room. “To my house. Best get it over and done with, you know?”
"What? Oh, right. That."
"See you, John."
"Let's not get ahead of ourselves. The first round isn't until next week, let the last."
"Want to go out for some air?"
"She's... nice. Not your worst choice of girlfriend by far."
It had been a murder case: locked room, double homicide, unidentifiable causes of death - an eight at least. It had culminated in a seven-hour long stake-out and a chase across London, darting through alleyways and backstreets, the wind blowing in his back and his heart rapidly pumping adrenaline around his body, numbing the ache in his legs. This, in turn, led to a fistfight with the criminal, earning Sherlock a few decent bruises, very mild in comparison to what he had to do to get the criminal to stay on the ground before police could come. Overall, it had been a highly satisfactory case with a thrilling conclusion.
John promised himself,
"Not physically. Not yet. It's only a matter of time." The man's sing-song voice fuelled her anger further. "And I know what kind of girl you are. Fuelled with life-long anger and sense of vengeance. When the inevitable happens, you will want help with that, and trust me my plan will serve you enough justice to last a lifetime. You know what, I'm running out of time." He drew something out of his jacket's breast pocket. "Take my card. It will have the details you'll need if you change your mind." He offered her the card and she took it cautiously, keeping it in her hand. "I hope to see you very soon, Alissia."
It’s totally okay if you don’t want to meet anyone. We could just go to the cinema (legally!!!) and save it for another day, when you feel ready.
"It wasn't exactly the most considerate apology."
"God, a family of proper geniuses, aren't you?" Harry breathes.
“...”
John smiled to himself until eventually, he spoke. "You really hate the idea of me enlisting again, don't you."
Slughorn scowled, then sighed. "Fine. But my students are currently being assessed. Your students can't offer any assistance."
He scoffs again, then sat in silence for a few moments. "What happens if Mycroft does the research and she turns out to be dangerous?"
"Firstly, I'm touched you would take the time to call six of eleven different numbers just to find mine. You're very resilient."
"Everyone will know you."
"Sherlock," John cuts across him firmly, "leave it. Turn your brain off for one damn second before you hurt yourself, okay? Let's not think about Mary or the baby. Christ knows I've been up to my neck in baby clothes and nappies and bottles lately..."
“Vile.”
Why would a trained agent and assassin be so clumsy as to let a civilian like Joseph spot her and take pictures?
Sherlock sighs. "She's a lesbian." John's mouth falls open in a small 'oh' of understanding. Sherlock continues. "As you are her older brother, who also happens to have a boyfriend, she will look to you for guidance about what to do about her own sexuality. Whether to come out. What to do when she turns sixteen and gets a soulmate your parents may not necessarily approve of."
"No. You've always solved it. You like the puzzle. I think if I went back and held your hand through everything you'd just end up hating me."
"I'm tolerating your company rather a lot. Either you're more intelligent than most people, whose company I abhor, or the dancing must have affected my judgement rather a lot."
After a few minutes of sitting in comfortable silence, John said, “So what’s so special about this one that made Hopkins want your help?”
Sherlock continues to look at the baby, unable to tear his gaze away. The sight of Sherlock holding his baby, so gentle and yet so conscious, his arms stiff with the worry of dropping her, fills John with joy, making his eyes prick with newfound tears again.
"A bit, yes."
"Trying to get my attention." Sherlock turned around and instantly John was standing in front of him, his eyes wide and worried, dressed in his trademark jumper and jeans. He looked...scared. Concerned. Sherlock felt his eyes fill with moisture. "I'm so sorry, John."
"Yes." He said slowly. "Thank you. Janine didn't seem to get that, though."
Janine left first. Within minutes, John could hear the cheers of the crowd and the roar of the dragon. He half-listened to the gasps and the growls and the applause, until the final applause came, and the announcer claimed that Janine had retrieved her egg in 12 minutes, and that the judges gave her 25 points. Then Moran was escorted out, fists clenched and stride quick. After 17 minutes, Moran received 23 points and it was John's turn to leave. He was asked if he was ready, and he nodded as he stood up on shaky legs. He kept his fists clenched as the low drone of the crowd grew louder, so much so that his nails dug into his skin. He approached the entrance, and he stepped out onto the stadium floor, which was covered in sand ('to soak up the blood' he thought drily to himself). The crowd shouted as he entered and made his way to the centre, making himself known. He tried to find a familiar face in the never-ending crowd, but the shouts were too overwhelming for him to concentrate. Eventually, the ululations died down and John recognised in horror the sound of the doors of a metal cage opening behind him. Slowly he turned around and saw the familiar  serpentine creature that he read about in the books and pulled out from that bag. Except it was much, much bigger than expected.
“Goodnight.”
"I'm pretending to listen to my big brother's sarcastic complaints."
"Miss Hawkins will be going first, then as soon as she has completed her task, Moran will go next, then Watson. Good luck, Champions. Miss Hawkins, if you would follow me now, we will make our way to the stadium."
John: What about the time you dragged me to a party because you said everyone would be there and so he would be as well, except it turned out that he doesn’t like parties so I had to stand in a corner for 3 miserable lonely hours because you said it would be rude to leave
"I'd blame someone who did the same thing."
"Definitely." John grinned, "Danger? Prizes? What's not to love?"
“I know. It’s fine.” Harry sighed. “This really isn’t the best place for you to be staying, Johnny. Negative vibes and all that.”
"I'm afraid, if I didn't I would be utterly irresistible. People would flood from all over to come and see John Watson in the blue shirt, crowd around him wherever I go - "
Soon afterwards, Mcgonagall entered with Maxime and Karlssen. "Good morning students! Can you all please gather around me here."
"What?" Sherlock spluttered.
"Well that's a relief," Sherlock mutters.
“What is?”
“Well, there will be agents in the nearby vicinity. But, yes, of course I am.”
"And I gave in, you know. I tried it. I fell to temptation."
"Really?"
"Really?"
"Jesus."
"Awful."
“I also know the numbers for the lottery next week.” Lies. But he’s caught his attention now. “Five hundred thousand rubles, I believe it’s worth. Should be enough to put a dent in your debt and start to live independently from your sister. As a real
Sherlock caught on quickly.  “Ah yes, I haven’t done this in a long time.  This will do nicely.”  Sherlock wrapped his long fingers around their two cocks and began to slide up and down.  John’s mouth dropped open at how amazing it felt.  They resumed kissing as Sherlock stroked them.  Sherlock kept murmuring John’s name against his lips.
John locked the door and then turned to Sherlock.  “So, as much as I appreciated the role playing, what brought it on?”
want more.”
John shook his head.  “No…
Sherlock gave him a startled look.  “Are you saying you want to do this?  I would have thought you’d be massively uncomfortable with it.”
“BYE SHERLOCK !”
They put the groceries in place, make some tea, and chat over their cups of tea, while Sherlock continues to sulk on the couch. He finally comes by, ignores them and goes into the bathroom to take a shower.
Sherlock storms off and locks himself in his bedroom. John helplessely watches the scene unfolds, wondering what he did to deserve so much insanity in his house after only one day of isolation. Rosie ran after Sherlock and is know banging on his door. The detective unlocks the door, pulls the little girl inside and locks it back up.
“You are a very grumpy man John.”
“Fuck you Mycroft !” answers the man
“Sorry John” apologizes Sherlock stepping away from his brother
“I have no stories to write, Sherlock”
“Sherlock, open the door ! We need to talk !”
“His birthday not a big deal ?” chuckles Mycroft “You clearly don’t know your husband, my dear John… His birthday has always been of the highest importance, since he knows how to spell birthday.”
“AND CEREAAAAAALS !” screams Rosie at the top of her lungs, hugging the cereal boxes into her little arms
“I don’t mind” shrugs Mycroft “Could I get some tea, maybe ?”
“Thanks, Dad. Why is Sherlock sulking ?”
Sherlock pouts and frowns. John comes back to his armchair, in front of Sherlock, and he places his hand on the detective’s knee.
“What are you doing ?” asks Sherlock
“I am sorry Sherlock. I hope you understand how important it is we stay home.”
“ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOT !” erupts John “Don’t come on it again, we’ve already discussed that !”
“And ?” asks the detective in pure honesty
“Which was a looooong time ago” precises Sherlock
“I’m BORED !” shouts the detective from his seat
“Thanks Mycroft” smiles Sherlock “And welcome to your home for the next couple of weeks…”
“That is not a nice thing to ask, Rosie. And I already told you : when people are really really in love, they do kiss each other on the mouth…”
“I don’t know sweetie” says John shaking his head
“We put you in Rosie’s room upstairs, she should not be much of a bother, but in case she is too noisy at night, we’ll take her with us downstairs”
“March 15th”
“I know…”
“I am sure we missed something and…”
Watson takes his laptop and opens it on his knees to review his blog. He hasn’t written much since the death of his wife, but he likes to check on it from time to time. Rosie is still playing calmly for now, but it won’t last, and he will have to find something else.
“She is. But in times of crisis, all medical personnel is essential. She received a training in basic handling of patients, and she is now welcoming people in the ER section of the hospital…”
Mycroft thinks. He thinks and thinks again until something pops up in his mind.
“Until it calms down.”
“I need to smoke” indicates the detective ready to storm out the door
John blinks, closes his book, lifts his head to look at his boyfriend and evaluate if he is serious or playing a very bad prank on him. But Sherlock seems dead serious.
“John ?”
Sherlock runs to the kitchen and comes back a second later with a marker.
Sherlock seems really eager to hear the answer to that question, and John sighs.
“You see ? You are only thinking about yourself Mycroft ! You are the most selfish person I know !”
Gregory seems a little nervous, but everything will be alright. And knowing that Mycroft isn’t alone is a relief for him. One less thing to be preoccupied about. Greg breaks the social distancing rule for a last kiss with Mycroft, but it gives them both strength and courage to go forward in that situation.
Irene huffed.  “Molly, I need the word to get out.  This isn’t just a hobby, it’s my future profession.”  She turned to John.  “Would you please do me the favour of following my Instagram?  It’s @thewhiphand.  And if you wouldn’t mind, please like all my videos.”
She waved her hand.  “Sex is easy.  Talking is
John trembled in anticipation.  “No condom.”
Molly hummed.  “Well…he might not.  He’s quite convinced no one would ever love him for himself and not just his body.  Whatever signals John is sending might go right over his head.”
Sherlock’s expression crumpled slightly.  “I wasn’t able to successfully delete you while I was away.  I tried, so that my mind could be more focused.  It didn’t work.  I missed you too much.  Does that answer your question, John?”
John had to quell the visual that popped into his head of what Sherlock would look like using it.  His friend was
John erupted into laughter, bending over in an effort to contain it.  “And what do you deduce about me at this moment?”
When Sherlock came out, it was clear he was meant to be the star of the show.  The others swirled around him, reaching towards him and then flaring outward like a flower unfurling.  John was mesmerised.  There was something about seeing him dance in person that was entirely different than watching a video on his tiny mobile screen.  Sherlock was larger than life, he was electric, and John could see a myriad of details – the way his muscles bunched and stretched, the way his chest heaved as he performed, the way the fabric of his costume seemed to be both wispy and clingy.  The costumes were the one part of the show that were contemporary – no huge, stiff tutus, ribbons, tiaras, or brocade.  Just leotards, tights, and randomly placed tulle in a rainbow of colours.
Irene chuckled.  “It would be, but he’s been right
Greg scowled at him.  “You know Sally?”
to be in the video?  What would I be doing if not dancing?”
John cleared his throat.  “I came here to see all of you, of course.  Well, the four of you that I already knew.  You’ve become my friends and I want to support you all.  Anyway, well done.”  He thrust his hand out, presenting Sherlock with a bouquet of lavender.
the match.”
.  John sucked in a sharp breath, grateful that Sherlock stopped at that point.  He needed to adjust, and he breathed in and out through his nose as he waited out the odd feeling of discomfort.
we change and then pack up John’s car.”  Irene was right behind her, as was Greg and Sally.
Greg’s expression melted into sheepishness.  “Sorry, Watson.  I know I need to reign it in.”  He sighed and shook his head.  “My last girlfriend cheated on me, and I don’t always handle it well.”  John was startled by the about face, but he listened carefully.  Greg went on, “I don’t take my issues out on Sally, she doesn’t deserve that.  But I do get a bit wound up when I see other blokes sniffing after her.”
Molly nodded sadly.  “In his mind it would be the same as if you were straight – it’s never going to happen.”  They both ate in contemplative silence for a bit, and then Molly put her tea down and gave him a stern look.  “John, you need to listen to me.  You cannot develop feelings for him.”
John blinked.  “Sorry, what?”
Sherlock shrugged.  “I have no idea, I thought it would sound less sentimental than the truth.”  He leaned down and gently kissed John.  “I just want to take care of you, and spare you from the idiots out there.”  He stood up and fetched John’s robe from the hook by the door.  It was a short robe and barely covered the lanky git’s arse.  “Wish me luck,” he said with a wink as he opened the door.
John felt himself grow even more tense when he saw Sherlock Holmes standing in a corner talking to Dimmock, who was looking up at the dancer with something akin to hero worship.  John couldn’t blame him, Holmes was astonishingly good looking.  He was wearing a midnight blue button-down shirt with black jeans.  The buttons looked like they were straining to stay in place and the jeans moulded to his every curve.  John had no idea if this was his usual look or if he was on the pull, and he didn’t want to find out.  He headed in the opposite direction, hoping to find Molly in the crowd.  She was the one person who knew everything about him and therefore the only one he would feel at ease with tonight.
Overcome by the urge to taste more of Sherlock’s skin, John lowered his head to capture one of Sherlock’s nipples in his lips, remembering how responsive Sherlock had been earlier when he’d simply rubbed it with his thumb.  Sherlock sucked in a breath, whimpering.  His hand faltered again, and John put his own hand over Sherlock’s to keep them moving along.
John looked at him with searching eyes.  “Did I do something wrong?”
Heh, I gave Dimmock the Duckie treatment, a la Pretty In Pink.
Irene bit her lip.  “Only, you might not like what I came up with.  But I’m not keen to go back to them with something else if you won’t do it.”
Sherlock removed the robe, and John felt butterflies at seeing his naked body, all alabaster skin stretched over muscle.  Sherlock climbed into bed and snuggled up against John, pulling him into his arms.  John tucked his head onto Sherlock’s shoulder and heaved a sigh of contentment.  “I will never forget this day as long as I live.  The way that you’ve made me feel, it will be ingrained in me forever.”
Glad that Irene was now looking over at Molly as they chatted about the upcoming recital, John rubbed his hand down his face as he thought about the way things were headed.  He wondered if there was any turning back at this point.
John grimaced.  “Is that why you took off on me?”  He pulled back from the hug and looked into Sherlock’s eyes.  “Yeah she did turn my life around.  And I badly wanted to be happy in this new life.  But I wasn’t, Sherlock.  And it all came crashing down on me tonight.  I needed to come here straight away, and I’m so glad I did.  This feels so right.  This is what makes me happy.  I know it seems sudden to you, but this has been building ever since you got back.  I was in denial, just like before.  Except this time I dragged someone else into it.”
John chuckled.  “It was…fantastic, brilliant, amazing…truly it was.  But it pales in comparison to you telling me you love me.  Does that make me a sap?”
John didn’t know what came over him, but he found himself protesting.  “Oi! Just because I’ve never had sex doesn’t mean I don’t know anything about flirting.  And I did some drama stuff in secondary school.”
As a bonus, here’s a video that was shared with me, of two ballet dancers that look an awful lot like John and Sherlock.  Lovely dance and lovely song.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3514&v=SM8j1FDtn_0&feature=emb_logo
John sucked in a shuddering breath and grasped Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock’s breath hitched and his forehead came down onto John’s shoulder.  Encouraged, John caressed him lightly, up and down.  He tried variations on grip and stroke to see what Sherlock might like.  He tilted his head to Sherlock’s exposed neck and began nibbling and kissing.  He was so intent on his task, reveling in the sound of Sherlock panting his name in his ear that he barely noticed that Sherlock’s grip on his own cock was faltering.  When he brought up his other hand to stroke his thumb across Sherlock’s hardened nipple, Sherlock’s head snapped up and he stopped John’s hand.  “Christ, John!”
…and not worry about everything else.  So…yeah…I’m glad we’ve talked this out. This is good.  I’m gonna have sex with Sherlock, and it’ll be fine.” He gave a jerky nod as if that settled the matter.
But there was certainly something about having Sherlock’s hawk-like gaze on him.  Based on his Instagram posts and the stories told about him, it was apparent he was frightfully intelligent and observant.  John could only guess what the man could read from him, and for some reason he found the idea intriguing instead of off-putting.
John fiddled with the tip of the pillow.  “I wondered for the longest time if there was something wrong with me.  I never seemed to react to girls, or boys, the way my mates did.  When I was 15 I started dating this girl, Mary.  She was pretty, vivacious, and totally into me.  After our third date, she wanted me to take her to bed, said she was gagging to lose her virginity.  I didn’t really want to, I kept thinking to myself that I still barely knew this girl.  But I couldn’t figure out how to get out of it without hurting her feelings.”
John shook his head, squirming from the emptiness he’d been feeling since Sherlock removed his fingers.  “I told you I trust you.  I need you to be facing me, I need…God, Sherlock, I just need you.”
and I don’t bloody well need to hear any lurid details about my…my boyfriend…ever again.”
They stayed that way for a few minutes, holding each other tightly as their breathing slowed and the sweat cooled against their skin.  John wanted to stay in that intimate moment forever, but the reality of it was that Sherlock was heavy and the stickiness wasn’t as easily ignored as it had been earlier.
Love,
"It's about a Scottish man named James - "
“Exactly. She needs to be here with her father.”
"You don't need to apologise for what you said," he says quietly. "It's the truth, right? Legally, technically speaking, Mary and I are... not married." It's strange to say out loud, both liberating and terrifying.
When his friends turn around they immediately greet John with cheers, pats on backs, hugs. "We were wondering when you were going to get here," says Liam - a boy on his rugby team, currently accompanied by his soulmate Rebecca, who smiles awkwardly at him. John wonders if he could get her and Sherlock to talk, in case they ever feel left out at any point in the evening.
"Knowing what their jobs are."
"You're a wizard. But you work with both muggles and wizards."
"Sorry." Sherlock perched on the edge of the bed nervously. "Do you want me to - "
"It's a waste of time - "
"Tell me this plan of yours first."
“I’m not swooning or crying. You haven’t dropped the phone in shock and instantly run off to the train station, fuelled only by the exciting revelation and your determination to see me, so you can run into my arms and kiss me and sweep me off my feet - “
John pats him on the shoulder and pushes him aside so that he can go back downstairs. Rosie is playing calmly with plush toys, but John knows already that this isolation period will be a nightmare for them all. Especially with a toddler. His daughter is only three years old, and despite being bright for her age, after two days at home she will become a real monster. Like all toddlers do.
“Can I play the violin ?” asks his boyfriend
“Let me help you” says Mycroft offering his help to put the groceries away “It is the least I can do…”
“Think ! You must have done something to piss him off like that !”
“GO TO HELL !”
“How long do you think this will last, John ?” asks the detective
“We didn’t ask for your opinion Myc’ !” reacts Sherlock abruptly
“EEEW” loudly says Rosie as the two men keep kissing “Why are you eating his mouth ?”
“What a drama queen !” mutters John to himself
“Isn’t she a mortician ?”
“Yes, you moron !”
“No, Sherlock” sighs John “I told you countless times already. We need to social distance from other people. If you want to check on her, take my phone and give her a call.”
Neither of the Holmes brothers have heard the little girl come in, and they keep staring at each other, trying to overpower the other.
“How do you feel about all this ?”
“You know that case, the one with the beheading ?”
“I am proud of you for being a good little girl in those troubled times, sweetheart.”
“Hello !” exclaims Gregory entering the kitchen with groceries bag in his arms “I took the liberty of hitting the shops early, so you all don’t have to go out in those horrendous times…”
“Social distancing guys, please…”
“See, he’s bored” chuckles John “And you know that a bored detective is a…”
“I don’t know.” admits John “Don’t you have experiments to run ?”
“Are you really going to ignore me all while I live under your roof ?” asks the eldest
“There is no but Sherlock !”
He slams the paper shut and places it back on the table, visibly upset about it.
“See, we’re in for some deep trouble. But I am glad you are not on your own, Mycroft.”
“Do you want to go back to the hospital to work ?”
“YES ! Will you do the voices ?”
“Thanks, Sherlock.”
“Unless you need me to stay home, Sherlock”
“Sherlock, listen to me, because I will only say that once : I forgot your birthday, I am really really sorry, it never happened before, and I understand that you might be mad at me…”
John could add that Sherlock is far too nervous to play the violin anyway, and that he will switch for another activity in the next ten minutes anyway. Rosie finally comes back downstairs with a book, about a lion and an elephant, teaming up in the jungle to save a family of monkeys. She loves that book. And John really likes it too. John sits on the couch, and Rosie climbs on his knees, and they start reading together, out loud. As predicted, less than ten minutes later, Sherlock abandons the idea of playing the violin and starts pacing through the room. John keeps an eye on him, just in case, as he keeps reading with his daughter.
“Oh my God Sherlock ! I hate you for doing this like that…”
“I know !” exclaims the man clenching his fist “Stupid me !”
The detective shrugs and finishes his sandwich. He sits properly in his armchair and opens the newspaper that John abandoned earlier on the table next to him. After shuffling through the pages at an incredible speed he exclaims :
Sherlock sticks his tongue out at John and opens the window. He grabs the pack of cigarette he abandoned on the table the previous evening and lights one up. Rosie watched the exchange without saying anything, but she can’t stay silent anymore.
“You know, we could at least go out once a day if we had a dog…” suggests Sherlock innocently
“A few weeks, a month, maybe more. It will depends on people’s goodwill.”
“Death, Sherlock. A lot of deaths. Not that there will not be deaths anyway…”
“Sherlock ?” calls John trying once more
“Sure ? It won’t bother you while you are reading to the little one ?”
“How comes you haven’t gone back to work, by the way ?” asks Mycroft
He hugs his big brother in an awkward manner and John warns :
“Are you afraid ?”
“Leave me alone, John.” grumbles Sherlock
“My shoulder” brushes off John “It didn’t healed enough for me to take care of patients. But I will be there when the worst of the infection will have spread. Molly has been mobilized already.”
“I’d hug you if I could John” replies Gregory with a grin “Take care of my boyfriend for me, will you ?”
She sighs loudly and John puts her back on the floor so she can continue playing. Sherlock is tense and nervous, John can see his muscles twitching underneath his robes. He wishes he could help him, but the man refused all help until now.
“Don’t even think about it !” warns the doctor knowing his boyfriend by heart “Open a window if you really want to smoke, but you are not going out of this flat.”
“SHERLOCK !” scowls John “It’s nine a.m. !”
“What on Earth happened between you two ? Why are you acting like enemies ? You are brothers ! And I know it is not always easy but come on… Don’t you think you could put your differences aside for a while ?”
“We’ll take excellent care of him, don’t worry.”
“Do you realize that once I have been there, I might have been exposed to the virus, which means no kissing, no sex, no cuddling, and a strict distancing between me and the rest of you ?”
“No idea” shrugs Mycroft “I swear…”
“Okay, okay !” finally says John who can’t stand it anymore “Back to Earth ! Both of you !”
He rushes to the bedroom door and knocks hard on it.
“Yes. No. I mean… Not yet. My shoulder is still too painful. But I will eventually have to go back there. To help. It is my rightful place. Unless…”
“I won’t. I can take care of Rosie by myself, and my brother’s here to help. When you need to go, just go…”
John sighs and buries his face into his hands. The apparent peace had not even lasted for a day. Sherlock and Mycroft are now standing in front of each other, arms crossed, staring at each other. None of them wants to be the first one to lower his gaze, and a lot of unspoken words are going back and forth between them during that time.
“And a fish ? We could adopt a fish ?”
“Sherlock ! You solved that case three days ago already ! The man confessed and is in jail, don’t overthink it please…”
“Remind me of why we have to welcome my brother here, again ?” frowns Sherlock looking at John preparing a bed in Rosie’s bedroom for Mycroft
“Social distancing Sherlock !” screams John knowing that his husband has absolutely no intention of distancing from Rosie “What on Earth did you do to him Mycroft ?” he asks to the older Holmes
“Sherlock, language” sighs John in despair
John chuckles and smiles at his brother-in-law. Sherlock bumps into his brother on his way in the living-room and purposely ignores him as he sits on the couch and grab a newspaper.
Sherlock sticks out his tongue to his husband and John closes the kitchen door once everyone is inside. If Sherlock does not want to make any effort, that’s his problem. John will do everything possible to ease everyone’s quarantine. With so many things going wrong in the world, it’s his chance to do some good.
“What about I read you a story instead ? You could pick a book in your room, and we’ll read it together…”
Gregory has been mobilized, along with other police forces to enforce the stores closing and the stay-at-home rule all around London.
“I guess ?” hesitates the detective, ready to take it back if John would say no
The effective lockdown of London has only been up for three days, and Sherlock was already out of his mind. John, his boyfriend, was doing his best to cope with the detective’s attitude, even though the man sometimes behaved like a three-year-old. Speaking of a three-year-old, Rosie, John’s daughter, was locked up with them, and John was trying to keep her as busy as possible, not being able to get her out for a walk or a day at the park as usual. Right now, he is keeping an eye on her, as she piles cubes on the floor, in front of his armchair. Sherlock is sulking on the couch, wearing only his underwear underneath his dressing gown. He suddenly jumps on his feet, surprising John, who turns to him.
John gave him a quizzical look.  “After what?”
He was so busy concentrating on regulating his own reaction, that it took him longer to notice that Sherlock’s breathing wasn’t steady, and the fingers running through his hair trembled slightly.  When the realisation hit him, John was compelled to look up.  Sherlock’s face quickly shuttered into a mask of professionalism, but not before John saw the heat of desire in his eyes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sb4W9nQ-2s
Sherlock made a tsking noise.  “Molly Hooper, surely you’ve heard of switching?  And I don’t mean what is done with a flog.”
Sherlock gave him a rueful look.  “Are you forgetting the fact that you and Molly are hosting a party at your flat tonight?”
John laughed.  “Mustn’t forget the gear.”  He was frankly glad of the opportunity to do some grunt work to clear his head.
John raised his eyebrows.  “Oookay.  Everyone needs a hobby, I guess.”
, please tell me it isn’t true, John.”
John sighed.  “No, Irene.  He seemed too irritated with Anderson, who was being a drunken arse.  He just welcomed me to the school and then left.”
John raised his eyebrows.  “For what? Giving us the rope to climb out of that hell?  How about flowers or chocolates?”
As they watched, Sherlock threw up his hands and stormed off.  Irene came back over to the sofa, looking like a cat that just swiped some cream.  She sat down on Molly’s other side and gave her a sloppy kiss on the cheek.  “Hello my love, glad to see you’re not passed out yet.”
making a porno?”
But what would he do if he told Sherlock his feelings, and Sherlock was still “married to his work,” perfectly content with occasional wanking to lurid thoughts of his former flatmate…if he still even did that.  Maybe he had some experiences while he was away, another soldier that replaced John in the kinkier part of his mind palace.
Irene huffed at being thwarted.  “Actually, I was curious how you came to realise you were demi.”
the one having one night stands all the time, it would have been stupid of me to assume I’d get more than that. Even though I really,
John huffed out a laugh, wondering if he was fishing for compliments on his dancing.  “The violin video clips…those are rather good, too.”
John waved his hand, he couldn’t let Sherlock trip into his mind palace right now.  “No, no.  Think about that later.  I’m not talking about the uniform, I’m talking about the fetish part.  A military kink.  Your words reminded me of something I hadn’t thought about in over 2 years.”
John pushed Bill’s arm away, feeling a wave of irritation.  “This is utterly ridiculous.  Holmes is not a fox and I’m not a bloody hen.  We’re two adults capable of negotiating consent.  He saw I wasn’t interested, and he left me alone.  That’s all there is to it.”
“Just….do what you have to do, but quickly,
Sherlock smiled.  “I didn’t hurry, I just didn’t feel like getting changed.”  He stepped forward, and then let out a yelp as he collapsed to the ground.
“Oh fuck!  Oh, Jesus Sherlock, oh Christ!”  John felt like he was coming apart at the seams, his whole body trembling as tension built up in waves.  Sherlock was making high, breathy sounds as his thrusts grew more and more ragged.
She gave him a catlike smile.  “You’re never at your best performance-wise the day after a hookup.  So I always pay attention when you leave with someone so I know not to expect much the next day.”
Sherlock wrinkled his brow.  “Uniform fetishist.  Uniform…uniform…there’s something significant about that…Bainbridge’s uniform…what is it…?”
John silently cursed his big mouth.  “I don’t…I don’t know yet what I’m agreeing to.  How exactly does this work, Irene, if I don’t have to dance as you say?”
“God, I’m close, too.”  John whined as Sherlock’s thrusts became harder, more unsteady.  John reached up and grasped the headboard to hold himself in place.  Sherlock fumbled for the lube and managed to flip open the cap and squirt some out with one hand.  He dropped it and brought his hand down to John’s cock and began to stroke it.
They were both slick with sweat, and John had never felt more alive as Sherlock kissed him one last time, a messy sliding of lips together as John finally tipped over the edge, his orgasm wringing a groan from him that must have sounded obscene if anyone else heard it.  Sherlock whined as John’s muscles contracted around him, and then he was coming too.  John could feel Sherlock spilling into him and his own cock gave another twitch at the sensation.  “John,” Sherlock breathed into his ear, his voice wrecked.
“God yes,” John breathed.
“John, wait!”  He was just about to add an ingredient, when Sherlock’s hand on his arm stopped him.
Irene huffed out a laugh.  “Are you forgetting the conversation we had?  You were the one who told me you thought ‘I Want You To Want Me’ would be lovely as a ballad.  I found some covers on youtube and realised you were right.  I did credit you as the one who turned me onto the song.”
Sherlock looked down again at the bouquet.  “Lavender.  A lovely colour, pleasing scent…
John dropped his hands and shook his head.  “No, you’re wrong.”
Every time they met, John couldn’t help but ask probing questions to find out more about the enigma that was Sherlock Holmes.  He’d ask for clarification on some of the cases Sherlock posted about on Instagram, and after the fourth fascinating story it led to a discussion about what Sherlock wanted to do when he graduated.  Greg commented all the time that he should join the Met, but Sherlock didn’t like the idea of giving up control, following rules.  He’d rather work cases on his own and serve up the solution to the police on a silver platter.  It was the only interest of his he planned to pursue as a career.  Dancing and the violin were just hobbies, and the chemistry was to aid him in his work.
Sherlock growled as he clutched at his leg.  “Fuck, it’s a cramp.  My calf muscle.  Didn’t stretch properly before I left.  Stupid!”
her!  I just like talking to her, is all.  We have a lot in common.”
John nodded wordlessly, and they both concentrated on tucking themselves away and then standing to put their shirts back on.  They gathered up their gear and then walked out of the changing room together, still not saying a word.  They were halfway across the rugby field when Sherlock finally spoke in quiet tones.  “Did you mean what you said earlier?  That we can still be friends?”
Sherlock croaked into his shoulder, “I love you, too, John.  I know that now.  No one's ever made me feel this way.”
John sighed and shook his head.  “I’m sure he’ll be inundated by most of the rugby team.”  He felt a twinge as he said it, and tried hard not to think of the idea of Sherlock, flushed from dancing and still in his leotard, being presented with a bouquet by John. Not roses…Sherlock would appreciate something different.  Perhaps whatever flowers bees liked the most.  Sherlock was on a kick lately sharing bee facts on his Instagram.
John had mixed feelings about his budding friendship with Sherlock.  On the one hand, he thoroughly enjoyed himself whenever they met up.  He also enjoyed texting him, and they were now commenting freely on each other’s Instagram posts.  They’d even begun chatting at the parties.
John squared his shoulders.  This was just as good a place as any to start.  “This isn’t about the case, per se, but something you said during it.  When it first came up, your theory was that it was a uniform fetishist.”
Irene and Molly stared at him.  Irene murmured, “John…?”
Molly was shaking her head.  “No.  No, no,
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.  “Why wouldn’t we do it?”
Fortunately for this part of the scene, Irene didn’t want him wet anymore.  It would be harder to do multiple takes if John kept getting Sherlock’s shirt wet.  It was a mixed blessing, though.  The sharp sting of cold from the moisture cooling his skin had helped a little with his arousal.
He finally looked up from the screen to see that Irene and Molly were regarding him with amusement.  Irene asked in a dry voice, “Well, what do you think?”
John followed Bill into the changing room, a bit nervous of the crowd of men milling about.  He smiled and nodded as Bill introduced him to the other rugby players.  He smiled a little wider when he was introduced to Greg Lestrade, now able to put a face to an Instagram name.  He seemed like an affable sort.
John pinched his nose. Of course he heard, no bloody avoiding it at rugby training.  He supposed he couldn’t blame Bill’s confusion.  He knew John was bisexual, but not any of the rest.  “Look, I’m gonna head home.  I’m starting to feel that hit I took at the match.” He rolled his shoulder for emphasis.
Sherlock raised his hand in a rude gesture, and then took his place back on the bench.  They blocked the first part of the scene, where Sherlock would have one of his legs stretched out the length of the bench.  Sherlock would be folded in half with his forehead pressed down onto his thigh, the idea being that he’s in the middle of a stretching exercise.  John would saunter in and stop right in front of him.  Sherlock would lift his head, his eyes travelling up from the towel to the top of his head.
feel good?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Irene shrugged.  “Easy enough to piece together.  Molly told me once that other than the occasional dating, you’ve never been in a relationship, and then when she said you were a demi, it seemed natural to conclude that means you’re a virgin.”
be sharing a flat again?  Or this time would we share a bedroom?”
After procuring a beer, John eventually found Molly with Irene, who was holding court on the sofa.  He tucked himself in next to Molly, and she smiled up at him, squeezing his knee.  He felt immediately better, and settled in to have a few drinks and listen to Irene’s stories.
have a car, and we’ll want to make use of it frequently.”
Bill gave him a troubled look. “Are you telling me that’s how he finally got you into bed?  Sold you a cock and bull story about being boyfriends?  Who the fuck does he think he is?”
If John was at all an honourable man, he would have to break off the engagement.  John contemplated the idea for a moment, taking in how it made him feel.  Relief is what it felt like.  He looked around again.  This wasn’t where he belonged.
Everyone laughed.  Bill piped up, “John was Captain when we were at school.  He was brilliant, kept us all in line and it showed on the pitch.”
Sherlock took a long gulp of his drink, trying and failing not to wince.  “What can I say?  I’m irresistible.”
separate occasions.”
John barked out a laugh at Irene implying it was some sort of memento from youth.  “Oh, I’m sure my mum would remember in detail every stain caused by my sister and I.”
Irene smirked.  “Sherlock likes athletes, and he especially likes rugby players.  I’m sure you’ll find out soon enough.”
I wasn't able to find ballet videos using the regular version of You're The One That I Want, but this has some good moves. I like the one that starts at 8:05, tie-die dude can get it:
Sherlock seemed to read his mind, because he continued.  “I told you I’m not some great beast.  I have no interest in making conquests.  I find the idea of persuading someone to sleep with me tedious. Especially if they’re an idiot, which most people are.”
John grinned and nodded.  “I would have got you wisteria, which was the first result when I googled it.  But they didn’t have any at the last minute.”
After a few moments, when he felt John relax, Sherlock eased in some more.  He slid in and out slowly, going farther with each gentle thrust.  By the time he was fully seated, they were both panting, the sound filling the dark room and drowning out the sound of the thumping music.  Sherlock was wonderfully patient, whispering soft words and stroking his arms, his thighs, his cheek.  “I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock blinked several times, and to John’s astonishment, his cheeks went red.  “That’s…not what people usually say.”
In answer, Sherlock reached down with his other hand and tugged the waistband of his sweatpants down, his erection bobbing out.  John grinned to see that he’d been commando after all.  His smile faltered as he suddenly felt nervous.  He knew nothing about giving pleasure to someone else.  What if he was so utterly amateurish that Sherlock lost all interest?  Sherlock leaned forward and breathed in his ear, “I guarantee you that even just a stroke of your fingers on my skin will feel incredible.  Touch me, John.”
him – watch it or no?  He always watched it.
John’s face flamed.  “I know that, I read it in your caption. Which is worse, because now it’s obvious.
was here.  He decided to bide his time until they parted ways.  He didn’t want to do this in front of Sherlock’s number one fan.
He stepped away from John, startling him when he deftly swiped the dog tags out of his nerveless fingers.  With a smirk he went down the hall to his bedroom and closed the door.
Sherlock tipped his head back and laughed.  “Yes, I remember he was quite frustrated that he couldn’t have what he wanted.  Got no complaints, though.  Well, one.  He whined about his arse being sore the next day.  I told him it was his fault for being too eager.”
The box in question was on the floor next to the bed. Likely Mrs. Hudson had pulled it out from underneath.  John set it on the bed and opened the flap.  The first thing he saw was…bloody hell.  It was a prostate stimulator.  And right next to it was a mostly empty bottle of lube.  John huffed out a shaky laugh.  Her reaction made sense, now.  John closed the flap again, but not before glimpsing an assortment of butt plugs in various sizes.
John’s eyes widened in apprehension.  “You got something at a
.  Or any of the other blokes you’ve been with.  Only John.”
John started panting at the kisses Sherlock was raining up and down his neck.  “Anything, Sherlock.  I’ll leave it up to you, just please don’t stop.”
Sherlock huffed and adopted an air of being put upon.  “
John went back to her profile and tapped on the follow button.  “There, following you now.  And I’ll pass it on to the folks I know.  Perhaps the other rugby players once I get to know them.”
John felt sick.  Sherlock told his story in dispassionate tones, but he was far too cold to be as numb as he tried to appear.  “Yeah, well that bloke sounds like the wanker to me.”
Irene gave John a once over and bared her teeth in a smile.  “It looks positively porntastic!  Thank you, Sherlock, for your careful attention to detail with this task.”
Mike smiled and stood up to address the whole room.  “Hey you lot, listen up!  It’s a new season, and now is as good a time as any to vote a new Captain.  I nominate John Watson.  All in favour?”  The room erupted in enthusiastic ayes.
It didn’t take long to unload John’s car.  He didn’t have much, being used to living in student accommodations the past two years when he was at Loudain University.  He did bring a few extra things like cooking utensils and dinnerware, to replace what Molly’s flatmate took when she left.  When mum sold the house over the summer to go live with her new boyfriend, she let he and Harry fight over what they wanted.  Harry cheerfully let him take the kitchen stuff since she never did like to cook.  It was something that John had more in common with his late father.  He found it to be a relaxing pastime, and missed it at Loudain when all he had in his room was a hot pot and kettle.
John swallowed hard, and began measuring out ingredients, adding them to the flask.  “Yeah, he’s got it bad for you.  But it was Pete that really got them going.”  Jesus, why was he running his mouth?  “He’s put out that you won’t bottom for anyone.”
John grinned.  “Just so you know, I watched it twice because it was a great performance, he’s very talented and you’re a great choreographer.  But to answer your question…I can appreciate someone’s body as aesthetically pleasing, I just don’t have sexual thoughts of what I’d want to do with that body.”
Sherlock looked confused, then became wary.  “Did…did you want it to be a one time thing?  Were you just looking to get rid of your virginity?”
John stormed into the kitchen, where Molly and Irene were giggling about something as they ate croissants.  “How did you know?”
He was passing by the window to the fire escape and saw Dimmock heavily making out with one of the male ballet dancers from the recital.  John snorted to himself.  Well, that was sorted.  Now that he thought about it, he’d never seen Dimmock with anyone else in the time he’s been here.  All the other blokes on the team that had been shagged by Sherlock never seemed to have a lack of dates.  Perhaps Dimmock had been holding out hope, and this latest development was what he needed to move on.
Sherlock kissed the top of his head.  “The sex was that good, eh?”
John meandered through the tiny aisles of the shop looking for tea.  When he rounded the corner, he saw Sherlock eyeing the Valentine’s Day display.  When Sherlock saw him, he turned slightly towards a shelf lined with jars of baby food.  John went up to him and raised his eyebrows.  Sherlock muttered, “Experiment,” and tossed one of the tiny jars into John’s shopping basket.
When he came back, he crept in next to John and proceeded to wind his arms and legs around him like an octopus.  John giggled and leaned in for a kiss, loving the mingling of their minty fresh mouths.  After a few minutes of kissing, Sherlock gave him a considering look.  “Weren’t you saying yesterday that one of the things you wanted out of our relationship was to cook me a fry up the morning after?”
Sherlock’s smile was tender.  “That trust goes both ways, but I get your point.  I’m perfectly happy to be the top for now.  You’re not the only one who can’t stop thinking about it.  Remember the match a few weeks ago when that other player yanked down your shorts and bared your arse to everyone in the stands?  You have an outstanding arse, John.  I couldn’t stop thinking about what I wanted to do to it.”
Molly’s eyes widened.  “You had sex?”  Her tone indicated surprise, but her eyes were filled with trepidation.
John took a few swigs of water and scanned the crowd for Molly and Irene.  He spotted them in the third row.  Sally was sat next to Molly, and on Irene’s other side could only be Sherlock Holmes.  So, the whole crew was in attendance tonight - Irene and her minions.  John felt gratified that they’d shown up.  Molly told him that she and Irene were only there for his sake, as they didn’t take much interest in sports.  Sally was of course there for Greg.  Based on the ribald chatter in the changing room, John could only guess why Holmes showed up to the match.
Thinking about Sherlock’s initial assessment of Bainbridge’s stalker, John remembered that his exact words had been, “Uniform fetishist.”  Fetishist.  Military kink.
John chuckled.  “Because we talked about it. Told each other what we wanted, how we felt.”
John waggled his eyebrows and looked pointedly down at Sherlock’s cock, licking his lips.  He kissed Sherlock’s cheek again.  “You just sit back and relax.  Last night you did a thorough job of taking care of me.  This morning it’s my turn to worship you, love.”
distracting.  The last thing I wanted was to add in romantic…what do you call it?  Shmoop?  I drew the line.”
John saw Greg go up to Sally and lift her up to twirl her around, then presented her with a lovely bouquet of orange tropical flowers.  Someone must have been holding Irene and Molly’s bouquets, because they materialised in their hands.  Irene gave Molly pink daisies and Molly gave Irene blood red roses.  John took a deep breath and looked around until he saw Sherlock, who was talking to Dimmock.  John wasn’t surprised
Visual aids for this chapter:
you malign my performance!”
John felt a thrill go down his spine as he giggled.  “Hmm, well, I guess it depends on your behaviour.”
They did the take several times, and each time John had to be wetted down again. To his relief, Molly was the one to take on this duty.  If Sherlock were to continue touching him, he wouldn’t be able to keep his cock under control.  And considering that Sherlock always started out eye level with it, he would be bound to notice.  The third time they did the take, Molly had to spend some extra time spritzing his hair because it was also starting to dry. He thought he saw Sherlock give her a thunderous look, but it only lasted a second before Irene was bellowing that his hair was wet enough, thank you very much.  Molly snorted at her jealous girlfriend as she set the bottle down.
Now, in light of the memory about the red pants and dog tags, John wondered if this was confirmation that Sherlock was never seriously interested in a romantic relationship.  Or if he
Some more inspiration: https://scullyseviltwin.tumblr.com/post/189968145098/the-pastel-peach-life-sucks-but-balletrugby
Sherlock leaned his head down and pressed his forehead to John’s.  “I can’t count the number of times I’ve thought of the people you gave your heart to and cursed them for fools.  I suppose Molly couldn’t help it.  But whoever that bloke was that had you running to the other side of Britain to escape…well, I suppose I should thank him.  You’re mine now, and I’m not letting you go.”  Sherlock lifted his head so he could gaze into his eyes.  “John…I think I might be in love with you.  I’ve never felt this way, so I don’t…fully understand it.  All I know is that from the moment I met you I can’t stop thinking of you.  And I haven’t been able to touch anyone else since.  For months now.  I’m surprised I didn’t go off like a rocket the moment you touched me.  I want things with you that I’ve never wanted with anyone else, except Victor, I suppose.  But even what I felt for him pales in comparison to you, John.”
is more important than caring.  I know my answer to that.”
Sherlock gritted his teeth in a fake smile.  “Things are well, Molly. I am so glad I could make it to your little party here.”  His smile widened obscenely.  Molly pursed her lips and shook her head.
.  As it happens, you’re better at deductions than you think.  There was someone.  The first person with whom I ever had a sexual relationship. Silly me, I thought because we were having sex that meant we were dating.  I wanted to stay the night and talk about our interests and hopes for the future and all that nonsense.  I wanted to do other things
(a couple of other links at the end of the chapter as they are more spoilery)
John cleared his throat.  “I suppose you’re right, but for now I’m a bit focused on the basics.  I can’t stop thinking about you fucking me.”
Irene rolled her eyes.  “Oh come on, it’s true of many athletes.  John, weren’t you telling me that you recommend your players don’t have sex the night before a match?”
John considered pretending Sholto had been a teaching assistant, but Irene was too shrewd.  “I don’t want to talk about it, Irene.  We were discussing demisexuality.  Did you have any other questions?”
John ran his hands down Sherlock’s arms, and then curled his fingers into Sherlock’s.  “Oh love, I like to think I can read you
John huffed out a sigh.  “And he’s right.  The question is whether an
She nodded slowly.  “I think that could work.  Molly?”  Molly gave her a thumbs up and went off to find towel number three.
John was starting to feel overwhelmed, the sensation of their cocks sliding together with the exquisite pressure of Sherlock’s hand, the increasingly desperate kisses, the deep moans escaping Sherlock’s lips.  John gripped Sherlock’s shoulders, his fingernails digging crescents into his skin.  Sherlock leaned back a little to catch his breath, but kept up a steady pace on their cocks.  John’s head fell to the crook of Sherlock’s neck, keening words of encouragement, “Yes, yes, just like that.  Ah Christ, don’t stop.”
They had to do several takes due to technical issues with the towel.  Sherlock wasn’t able to subtly tug the knot free.  John’s agony increased with each take as Sherlock made more of an effort to get a grip on the towel.  It wasn’t working, the knot was too tight.  They tried loosening the knot, but then it kept falling off at the wrong moment, usually when John was pulling Sherlock flush against him, the end result being that Sherlock’s thigh brushed against John’s cock with only the thin material of his pants between them.
John’s eyebrows went up as he went over to the chair opposite, repositioning the union jack pillow before flopping down into it.  “What kind of video?”
Molly’s face crumpled.  “I knew it had to be something like this.  He doesn’t think anyone could ever have feelings for him, so he’s closed himself off.”
“I’m sure she was feeling the same way, mate.  Those two are like oil and water.”
It was one of his favourite songs, so he sidled over and looked down at Greg’s mobile.  It was Irene’s Instagram, and he could see Sally dancing in jeggings, a flannel shirt, and cowboy hat.  “Oh, it’s Sally.  Good choice for that song.”
John winced.  “Sherlock…”
John giggled and shook his head.  “You seem happier about the talking than the sex.  I lost my virginity, Molly!”
Sherlock gave him a warm smile.  “I just realised earlier when I was looking at that garish display that maybe now it wouldn’t be so bad to be…romanced.  Not with tedious red roses and pink hearts…” he wrinkled his nose.  “But something a little bit…shmoopy…wouldn’t be amiss.”  He bit his lip and looked at John from beneath his lashes.
He turned to step out of the kitchen, but then the import of his words sunk in.  Quite soon he was going to be penetrated for the first time in his life by the gorgeous man next to him.  As much as he wanted that, it was quite a significant thing to have happen to one’s body.  He spun back and added more scotch to his cup as fortification.
“I like what you’re wearing as well.  I remember the first time I saw you in it. I figured you were on the pull.”  John raised his eyebrows, seeking confirmation.
https://willietheplaidjacket.tumblr.com/post/173261365472/a-bit-of-unilock-johnlock-for-babynovak05s-kind
John gave him a rueful smile.  “Well, you
he didn’t fuck it up by looking stiff as a board with an expression like he swallowed a lemon.  The premise was charming.  John would be minding his business, doing various routine stretches and drills like at rugby training, and Sherlock would dance around him.  For instance, John would be running towards the goal with the ball and then become distracted by Sherlock dancing around the goal post in a suggestive manner.
Holmes narrowed his eyes for a moment, then his expression cleared.  “You’re behind in your labs due to all the rugby.  Dr. Stevens gave you the code so you could catch up.  He used to play rugby when he was at school, so he’s feeling indulgent.”
John huffed out a laugh, but the room suddenly felt too small.  He gave a short nod, then grabbed his bag and attempted a nonchalant retreat.
John huffed out a laugh.  “You love
Irene took the opportunity to turn to Sherlock and give him an assessing look.  “What happened between you and Moriarty?  He was clearly gagging for it, but you were giving him fuck-off vibes.  I saw the look he gave you just before he left.  He was
Sherlock raised his eyebrows.  “Tell me again how we’re
that it isn’t a date and it’s never going to go further.”
John cleared his throat.  “He’s uh…very flexible.”  Molly giggled.  Irene just continued to stare at him. He realised she must have meant the choreography.  “It’s definitely good.  I wouldn’t have thought to pair Lizzo with ballet, but you really made it work.”
out there is brave enough to love him, despite this wall he’s put up.  Otherwise he’s made himself into a self-fulfilling prophecy, and that’s the most depressing thing I’ve ever heard.  No one deserves to be lonely just because they’re scared.”
https://bottomjohns.tumblr.com/post/186769402662/sherlock-but-grease
Sherlock stared hard at the floor as if he could gouge a hole in it to escape.  “I didn’t…I wanted to avoid what happened between me and Victor Trevor.”
John lifted his chin, determined to be just as steely even though his insides roiled at the very thought.  “I’ve always been a bit of a gambler, Molly.  I’ve examined the odds of what will happen if I tell Sherlock about this.  He’ll either tell me he feels the same way…which has a
to open this pandora’s box.
John found himself blushing again, not sure how to respond.  “I…uh…didn’t want to…uh…”
what I’ve done?  I didn’t mean for this to happen.”
The blast of music was a shock, but quickly muffled again when Sherlock shut the door.  John thought he heard a cheer, and the door to the bathroom open and shut.  There was the faint groan of the pipes as John imagined Sherlock was running the hot tap to wet a flannel.  The bathroom door opened and closed again, and this time there was a distinct wolf whistle as the bedroom door opened and Sherlock appeared.  He had a damp flannel in one hand, and with the other he made a rude gesture at someone out of view before firmly shutting the door.
John rushed over.  “Sherlock?”
John was nervous as hell in the cab to Baker Street.  He hoped that Sherlock was home.  He hadn’t texted him because he wasn’t sure what excuse he would come up with if Sherlock asked him why he wanted to come over.  It felt better to just spring it on him.
John huffed out a breath, his cheeks flushed again.  “Wow, I guess I never really thought about the mechanics of it.  I suppose I should keep what you say in mind if I ever want to bottom.”
John was nervous as hell between the time when Irene informed them of how the scene would go and when the day came to film it.  With no shame at all, he wanked in his bed before heading over to the shoot in the hopes that it would mitigate the coming disaster.
.  Now here’s the important part, Sherlock.  A long time ago you told me you were married to your work.  Was this just…an affair?  A way to get yourself off without the messiness of relationships?  Or did things change after that night at Angelo’s?  Did you find that you wanted me after all, but didn’t think it was possible because I’m…”
The next few weeks flew by with studies and training, a couple more rugby matches and a couple more parties hosted at various places.  John continued to see Sherlock in the stands and at the parties, though they didn’t interact.  John tended to stick by Molly’s side and then ducked out once the crowd got drunk enough to start making horny advances.  He didn’t see Sherlock in the lab, though he himself was constantly there playing catch up.
Sherlock shook his head vehemently.  “I’ve never…the way you were so focused on me…  I-I’m supposed to be the one making things good for you.”
John’s cheeks reddened a little at the arse remark, which sounded like flirting, but Sherlock’s tone had been too flippant.  He cleared his throat and bent to the task of writing up his notes on the solution.  He wasn’t sure how he was going to explain going against instructions, but he’d think of something.
don’t think Sherlock would want his brother to see what was in that box.
Sherlock gave him a pleased smile.  “You want help cleaning up in the morning, eh?”
Sherlock gazed at him in wonder.  “You
you,” he growled.  Sherlock bent his head to skim his lips across John’s nipples and pecs, his hands sliding to John’s back and then underneath the waistband of his sweatpants.  He started massaging John’s arse.  John tipped his head back to let out a moan, which broke off into a whine when Sherlock’s fingers slid down teasingly in the vicinity of his hole.  It was like he couldn’t resist going there even though he’d already vetoed it.
Greg grumbled,  “Yeah, alright.”
John giggled, then attempted to look stern.  “How about…you might get sex if you actually pay me a compliment, you berk.”
John shook his head, smiling.  “I see what you’re saying, but there’s nothing to worry about.  We’ve past the point of friendship.  We’re together.”  Greg’s expression turned incredulous, then he groaned and turned away.  “No, really.  Sherlock is my boyfriend now.”
If it had just been one thing or the other, John might have been able to reach a different conclusion.  If it had been just the pants, perhaps Sherlock liked the look of them and deduced that John would never wear them.  If it had been just the dog tags, maybe Sherlock had a military kink and it didn’t matter that they were John’s, they were just conveniently at hand.
If she didn’t know the answer to that, then Molly hadn’t told her everything, and for that he was grateful.  “There was one other person.  A bloke at Loudain.  But…um…that didn’t work out.”  He cleared his throat, his expression grim.  Molly bit her lip, her eyes full of compassion.  She knew all about James Sholto, and John’s humiliating attempt to get with him.
“You didn’t want to encourage me.”  Sherlock’s expression was now taunting and he leaned forward with his arms on the table.  “You thought if you followed me on Instagram, I would interpret it as a more personal interest.”  John looked away, feeling exposed and annoyed because he had every right to protect himself from unwanted attention.
, Irene.”
The metal bits turned out to be a pair of dog tags.  There was no plausible deniability in this instance, they had his name stamped on them.  Sherlock had definitely gone through his box of Army stuff and had taken them.
Molly grimaced.  “It’s not exactly John’s cup of tea.”
Greg’s jaw set.  “Well, I hate to break it to you, but she’s
Irene’s eyebrows shot up.  “You’ll have to elaborate.”
you…” She blushed harder, and John realised she must have told Irene a lot more than just his bisexuality.
There were also moments not on the mattress when they were dancing around the room, and the way they moved in sync it was like their bodies were made to be together.  On the one hand John admired the talent of both the dancers and Irene’s choreography – overall it was quite stunning.  On the other hand, he felt the same way that Greg had looked moments ago, his insides squirming in discomfort.
Sherlock caught his eye and came over, immediately reaching out his hand and petting his sleeve.  “I like this.”  His tone was deep and appreciative and it made John shiver.
John swallowed down his toast with a sip of tea.  “It also makes sense why he didn’t hit on me.  If I’m only ever going to be sexually attracted to someone I have feelings for…” He shrugged.
