Fury scowl deepens even more in Tony’s direction. “Your current media presence is not exactly the image we want the Avengers to project.” Tony opens his mouth to retort, possibly something along the lines of a cheerful “fuck” and “you”, but he gets interrupted by Steve before he has a chance to get a word out.
It hasn’t all been easy. The aftermath of both the attempt at an overthrow on Summer’s side and the curse on Winter had been taxing on all of them. It had taken a long time in the recovery, where Tony and Steve had been separated in their respective kingdoms, trying to undo the damage created.
Steve looks up from where he's currently working on a sketch from the balcony of the compound. Tony is standing beside him in the warm morning sunlight, translucent now because of how strong the sun's rays are.
"Alright kiddies, out you go." He says swinging Elle up into his arms. She whines at him, and Tony grins. "Uncle Tony loves you sweetpea, but not enough to face the fury of your mother. Let's go."
“Goddamnit-” Steve sniffs, laughing a bit, helplessly, wipes at his eyes, “Goddamnit Tony. I don’t deserve any of that, so just
“Good talk Rogers.” Tony murmurs, and then blinks out, leaving Steve to stare at his empty room with a million questions buzzing under the surface of his skin.
There’s no verbal reply that Tony can hear, but he makes his way back downstairs anyways, warmth spreading through him in increments, like the way the sun might peak over the horizon, bright and shimmering and alive.
There are families together at that wake, alive, together, and Tony is heartbroken that he won’t be there to help his little girl grow up, but she gets to live in a world that’s whole, and so Tony can’t bring himself to regret what he did.
like I’m on the edge of death?” He asks, spreading his arms, ignoring the sharp tug of vines across his chest. “I will keep. Now
This man is not his responsibility. Steve has no duty to him. Has no clue who he is. There is no logical reason he should help him.
“Tony we’re not even married.” Steve stutters around his laughs, tugging on their joined hands to get Tony to slow down in his violent stomping. Tony bats at Steve’s arm in fake offense.
Tony looks confused when he wakes up the next morning, clearly not expecting to wake up in his makeshift bed. Steve shrugs when he asks, and after that, something seems to thaw in Tony’s eyes, and he never seems to shut up, still following him around, but chattering all the while at Steve even if he doesn’t know how to respond.
Steve laughs as Tony flickers out of existence, and he gets up, snapping his sketchbook closed before heading down to the workshop. Tony’s already there, flipping manically through some blueprints, one of the Iron Man armours helping him move around tools and machines.
Pepper freezes, understanding immediately, and turns to give him a sad look. “It doesn’t really get easier does it?” and Steve shakes his head.
” which Sam ignores. Despite the tense atmosphere, Steve finds himself smothering a smile, which Tony seems to sense because he gives him an amused look across the table, eyes sparkling knowingly. Steve flushes and looks away. Mission. Hydra Agent. Fighting evil. Right.
“Oh you know, busy as always.” Pepper says, smiling fondly. “Serving the country, and all of that ish.”
“-oh which reminds me.” Pepper says, slipping from her story of Happy’s shenanigans as head of security at SI, “I’ve finally gotten a few days off-” Steve gasps dramatically, cutting Pepper off, who snorts.
“Weird. If I’m gonna be honest” Tony answers, smiling sadly at Natasha as she takes another bite out of her hot dog. Money is not a thing here, but apparently food is. “A little antsy. Melancholy, yeah that’s definitely one, and maybe even...happy? At the same time. About how it ended. About how we saved them, how everyone’s safe, and that part’s amazing, but it’s also horrible at the same time because we have to let them go, they have to let
He can feel sleep lurking at the corners of his vision, and feels the ache of exhaustion sinking in his bones. These two weeks have been hell, call after call coming in. There was no time for any break, no leeway for rest. He’s slept for what, 20 hours in two weeks? He needs to be put in a medical coma for the next six months.
“The only thing that kept the nanites on you as they self-destructed was the instructions the Hydra agent gave, so after I shut them down with the EMP, they peeled off pretty quickly as you fell. The only bad side-effect is that they probably dissolved even quicker after that, since there’s already a built in self-destruct. I stayed out of range of the pulse, and then...I caught you and flew you to SHIELD.”
“Oh that.” Steve says, suddenly unsure if he should mention it. “She managed to get leave from SI, and was wondering if this week was a good time to visit you with Morgan and Rhodey, especially to introduce Morgan…Um. She said no pressure though. Your well-being comes first. So. It’s up to you. You don’t even have to decide now if you’re not ready.”
“You’re sure though?” Steve continues, still not entirely convinced. “That it’s not...my fault. I didn’t say anything?”
“I don’t feel warmer.” Steve lies, tone inflectionless, and watches in concealed disappointment as Tony drops his hand. It’s immediately negated by the fact that Tony grabs Steve’s instead, raises it up to his lips to plant a gentle kiss on his wrist.
Steve tempers his reaction, and settles for a restrained nod as Tony makes a full circuit of the room. “That’s amazing, Tony.”
“Always so quick to defend me Steve?” she says, “I appreciate it, but it’s not deserved. I loved Tony, with all of my heart, but I’m definitely not without faults in our relationship. Tony tended to blame himself, but I did my own damage at times.”
“Um that’s great Thor, but not only do we need to maintain a certain air of mystique - shut up Clint, don’t give me that look, it’s a perfectly valid point - I don’t think we exactly have time to build up a media presence here. What with all the saving the world we do.”  Tony frowns. “Also what exactly is being implied here, I have plenty of media presence, I could
Pepper finds him eventually, Morgan asleep in her arms, and it could've been hours or it could have been ten minutes later. Steve's no longer paying attention to his surroundings.
“Tony.” Steve looks at him worriedly, stopping him gently in the middle of his nervous rambling, because it sounds like Tony’s...asking for permission? And that’s just...no. “That’s entirely fine. If anyone should work with the armours, it would be you, and you
It’s been a week since the welcome back party, and Steve has settled into life at the compound, concentrating mainly on training up the younger Avengers at the moment. Younger Avengers meaning Peter, Harley and occasionally Wanda.
Steve cuts Tony off with an exasperated groan and collapses back on the bed with a whump, feet dangling off the edge where he had been sitting.
Steve finds himself wanting to go hide in his room, doesn’t want to say this pep talk he’s constructed. He makes himself continue. “But, Tony has been activated now. He’s as much a part of the Avengers as any of us, the same way with JARVIS and then FRIDAY. Can we all agree on that?” There are more hums of agreement and then Sam laughs.
that won’t do at all. Steve tightens his arms around Tony’s waist and with a deft twist of his hips, flips them over to Tony’s startled yelp, trapping Tony beneath him.
“Stevie!” Bucky says, jumping up from the bed where his unpacked clothes are strewn all over the place. “Can you please tell mama bear over there that I will be
occurred to me, y’know how that happens-that we could go back to visit a couple of our friends and family. All that ghost jazz. That’s what dead people are supposed to do babe, we’re supposed to haunt people, and we’re slacking so much right now, not meeting the daily quota, whatever will those ghost hunters
Maybe...Steve had said something. Maybe he did something and didn’t realize. It didn’t seem like it at the time, but Steve’s learned from personal experience that you can’t always predict someone’s triggers. It's not always the big things that break us.
They walk leisurely through the halls as Steve talks, transformed completely from how Tony remembered it to be, all those years ago when he had first met Steve.
since they’ve started dating, but Tony being sweet (however shady the reason) will still get Steve unimaginably flustered, even after all this time. It’s kind of wonderful, even if Tony tends to use it to his advantage for nefarious purposes. Like right now.
Steve remembers - like someone hearing a voice calling across an abyss, distorted and echoing - how it had been before.
“I know you will.” Steve replies, and lets him go. The armour descends onto Tony in a flurry, attaching and interlocking as smooth as anything, and Tony takes a step forward to leave.
Tony, surprisingly, sits down next to Steve on the bed after a moment of contemplation - instead of his side of the room, which tends to be warmer - and settles in to speak.
Steve resists the urge to flinch at the familiar face, manages to find a small smile for the AI, and then turns back to look at the TV.
“The second reason is simply that people are afraid. The Avengers are something reformed after three long years. The public knows you’re the good guys, but they also know that you’re all very dangerous. We need you to seem human. Relatable.” Fury rubs his temples.  “It also doesn’t help that you seem to destroy about half of New York city every time you save it.” he mutters.
“Wouldn’t Bucky be a better choice for that?” he says mildly. “His hand actually detaches. I’m kind of stuck to mine.” he wiggles his graphite covered fingers cheekily at Tony, who rolls his eyes.
“The heck is a Flerken?” There’s an amused twinkle in Pepper’s eye that Steve hasn’t seen in a while.
, and I started fiddling with one of human Tony’s half finished plans for the Iron Man armour, because earlier I just used one of the old models y’know, didn’t do much to change it, well other than the EMP of course, and I fiddled with some things, managed to make the thing like 10% more efficient with a few adjustments, and I know Rhodey still uses the War Machine armour and I know I’m probably shouldn’t disturb Tony’s old things because it’s not mine but if I could work on one of them to test it out I could make it so much safer-”
I’ve been meaning to talk about that with you, don’t think you can escape this just because you clicked away on comms you jackass, what kind of
The consultant is young, in her early twenties and looks to be of Asian descent with black hair and caramel coloured skin. She’s also slouching in her chair at the meeting table with a laptop and paying absolutely no attention to Fury’s intimidating power stance.
Steve blinks for a second, not placing the digression, before it clicks and he rolls his eyes. “Oh my God, let it
There’s sarcastic applause from all around the table, more whistles, and Steve takes an exaggerated bow, finally breaking into laughter when Tony flutters his hand near his face in response, pretending to be flustered.
She pouts at him but Tony goes back to his tablet, trying not to smile again. Eventually, Tony hears her leave but pays no mind to it.
They meet in a dirt field set with different cobbled together obstacles, part of Pepper’s private property (and isn’t that alliteration if you’ve ever heard it), with Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Morgan and Peter with their wives, Maria, Shuri, and Bruce on one side in order to even up the teams.
He pops back into the living room briefly at one point to convince Pepper, Rhodey, Morgan and Happy to stay for dinner - Morgan’s cheers following him back into the kitchen - and then runs to the stove to stir the huge pot of pasta sauce that’s been simmering. It’s one of the things Steve’s pretty good at making if he does say so himself; he never claimed to be a master chef, but he got a lot better in the months staying at Pepper’s place. He had done a lot of cooking for everyone there, eager to take his mind off his grief at the time. His mind drifts as he stands there, adding in ingredients as he stirs.
He taps his hand distractedly in a steady rhythm, thinking. He was hiding before, there’s no use in denying that. Hiding and shirking responsibility, when all the rest of them had picked up and managed to continue on functioning, and he hadn’t.
It scares him a bit, in a similar way as with Bucky, how much that part of him would be willing to give in order to get them back. He’d seen the consequences first hand of letting that portion rule him, had almost lost everything because of it, Tony and the Avengers, and then the universe, so this time he firmly shoves the thoughts to the back of his mind. There’s nothing he can do to change what has passed.
Tony stares at him, and then his expression abruptly turns blank, almost like it shuts down, hiding away all the vulnerability Steve had gotten a glimpse of behind a neutral mask. Steve blinks at him, briefly thrown.
” Tony doesn’t even pretend to care about the mildly offended look on Agent Jin’s face at his response.
“So…” Tony appears a bit awkward when Steve looks over at him. “You said something about Pepper having a request for me? Earlier? What was it?”
“I ended up in front of Tony’s lab a couple days ago.” Steve comments quietly, and Clint looks over at him, knowing the significance of that statement without prompt.
“I was so angry too, y’know, after her death. The same way I was after the first snap, but I kept it in because I knew we had a job to do, so I directed it instead, and I thought that would be it after we finished the final battle, that we wouldn’t lose anyone else. Naive, I’ll admit, but I wanted it to be true.”
burns, not just the regular run-of-mill ‘ouch I touched a stove’ injury. You’re under observation for a couple hours to make sure that there’s no bad side effects. That means staying where you are.”
The crocuses run out, and when they do, Steve gathers all he has left and brings himself, vines and all, to the edge of his kingdom’s borders. It takes him multiple days of walking where it would have taken him only hours just half a century ago, because he has to stop every few hours and hack out petals and blood into the glittering snow. There are more flowers popping up in the fields, but Steve doesn’t have time to stop and make another potion.
the time to joke Steve.” Tony growls at him, and Steve laughs at his disgruntled expression, capping the medicine once he’s done.
Tony purses his lips a bit as he thinks. “I think so. I don’t feel anything wrong with me physically, so I’m like...ninety-nine percent sure this isn’t anything AI threatening. We should be good. ”
“Y’know, I’m gonna go welcome Scott back to the compound.” Steve finally said, flipping his sketchbook closed and getting off his stool. Bruce bobbed his head.
“Great!” Tony says, straightening up happily. “There’s delicate electrical work that I can’t do on my own. I’m gonna need your hands.” Steve looks at him, a bit startled.
All the anger is gone now, in the face of Tony’s distress, finally aired out with Steve’s rant, deserting him when it’s strength is needed most, and it leaves Steve stewing in the aftermath of his remorse, cutting words said that he can’t take back.
“Alright, well, how about you let me know when Tony is ready for the meeting Morgan thing?” Pepper continues. “I was waiting for when Rhodey had leave to take my days off so we could all visit together but Tony’s well-being of course comes first.”
He watches Clint and Wanda’s conversation by the lake and he smiles a watery smile with Natasha because yeah, what they said is pretty damn accurate.
“How long was I out?” he asks, already restless and wanting to move. The stabbing pains are some incentive not to, but not much of one if he’s gonna be honest.
After realizing that Steve wasn’t going to respond anytime soon, the AI had apparently decided to look around a bit, testing out his holographic shape, walking through tables, fiddling with schematics, and he again, just looks
Natasha ends up showing him around the place. It’s beautiful here, all lush grasses and green fields, with beautiful glass buildings that reach for the sky. The Afterlife seems to reflect Life, still just as beautiful, still just as vibrant, but maybe not as broken. They walk through the park Tony had woke up in, and watch other spirits, some human, some alien, all going about their business, in all different methods of dress, a parallel of what it had been for them when they had still been alive.
“Wait what?” Tony interrupts, looking confused and but also a bit buoyed, a spark igniting suddenly in his eyes. “She knew who-um- what it meant?”
“So that’s one thing.” Steve says, ignoring Tony’s confused staring to forge on. “And as for the lab thing, I just.
kind of uncharacteristic of you. Not that I’m complaining.” Peggy’s amused voice drifts out from the slightly open doorway. Steve laughs.
Sam nods, “Things led to nowhere after that. An organization is a lot harder to shake down for information, so we left before we could be discovered and headed back. Although, security was lax at that last location; the biggest obstacle was knowing, it wasn’t exactly Fort Knox despite the million dollars of tech.” Bucky reaches into his bag at that to pull out a small, clear box.
, and maybe you’re entirely fine and just somewhere ignoring me, but if there’s a slim possibility-I can’t- just avoid me if you need to, but just
He tries, experimentally, to move and is surprised to find he’s able to with very little pain, even though his chest, neck and hands appears to still be bandaged. He’s no longer in his formal robes, in a loose shirt and pants instead, covered in soft sheets and on a mattress he hasn’t seen in years, and he revels a bit in the feel of soft fabric on his skin, instead of ice.
Eventually Addilynn has to get Tony to design a bigger screening room in order to fit all of their various family members.
Tony opens his mouth, yet again, to object with some amazingly intelligent and well thought out insights.
Reinstating someone on the throne in Summer’s side had not been easy afterwards. There was talk of joining together the two kingdoms now that their two kings are married, but that would be impractical, and Tony had been adamant in his decision to make Pepper the new queen. Pepper had argued with him for hours on that one.
Steve lifts his hand cautiously after a moment and puts it gently on Tony’s shoulder. His touch can’t have been pleasant, icy as it is, but Tony leans into it with a sigh anyways, tension uncoiling.
Steve nods again, because honestly, that’s all you can really ask for. For a start that leads to something brighter.
"For what?" Steve asks. It's unusual that he's still here. Steve would have expected him to be gone by now, because he's warm, and warm things don't belong here with them.
Steve realizes with a jolt, as he glances back down, that the guard is right; the man’s lips are already bloodless and rapidly on their way to a sickly blue. Steve has seen this in humans, the ones who stay out too long in his winters, and he knows it’s nothing good.
the one who decided to kidnap me,” he points out, attempting to scooch the chair backwards a bit with his toes absently, “and built a death ray, I mean, really, you’re kinda just asking for it at this point, just be glad you’re not dealing with Cap, that star-spangled entity of sass once asked me if a coffee machine was coal powered, do
“Yeah, yeah she is. Her husband too.” she says, and Tony tilts his head to the side, curiosity taking over. “How exactly does that work?”
Steve doesn't go with them, instead waits at SHIELD headquarters with Director Fury and Agent Hill, and listens to the battle through the comms, since SHIELD agents are working together with the Avengers on this one.
“Hey,” she says, giving him a hug in greeting before she grabs some plates out of his hands to help. “I walked past the kitchen after I said hi to everyone. Dinner smells
Steve doesn’t mention his returned memories, but lets himself talk more in Tony’s topics of conversation.
“That I haven’t always been a Merchant of Death.” The expression Tony gives Steve isn’t really a smile, but can’t really be called anything else; a sad, cynical spin to the wry twist of his lips. Steve doesn’t understand that sentence, but then again, there seems to be a lot of things about this entire situation, about
He’s dazzling, and Steve’s not sure he knows how to react to these concentrated glimpses of Tony in his fundamental
“Although, now that you bring it up, I did like that video you put out.” Steve beams at him. Tony looks at him, surprised.
“Hey man,” he whispers giving Steve a sheepish smile. “Really sorry to bother you, but pipsqueak kind of fell asleep - she was up all night excited about the visit today. Do you mind watching her for a bit? We kinda wanted a chance to catch up with Tony as well, but all of us are afraid of talking too loudly while Morgan’s asleep; she’s exhausted.”
Note/Edit: this chapter has been edited as of June 23, 2019. It's a really minor change, just fixing up something I forgot, but just thought to let y'all know.
you to stay out of it at the beginning because the fight didn’t seem to be that serious. The Hydra agent caught us by surprise, and the actual incident happened in a split second. There was nothing you could have done, and you
“Well then.” Tony says after a few seconds, sounding winded. “That is. A lot.” and Steve laughs wetly.
Steve breaks himself off sharply, jaw clenched and goes back to concentrating on flying the quinjet.
He thoroughly enjoys Sam’s shocked and awed expression when he hands him his shield, and smiles slightly as Bucky slings his arm around Sam’s shoulder, camaraderie replacing their previous hostility.
“Well. Um. After the last time we came up against the nanites...I decided to upgrade the EMP a bit in the workshop, just in case. I had a lot of time on my hands and...well. Anyways.”
The last voice is the clearest, yelled out in a hoarse, broken voice and Steve reacts instinctively to that cadence, tries his best to move even as his limbs feel like lead. He lets out a sharp cry as pain shoots through his chest when he shifts.
The vehicle is parked beside them, prepped and ready to go. It's sleek and looks out of place among the ancient architecture of the castle, although it's become commonplace despite that. All of the kingdoms have become an amalgamation between magic and technology in the last couple years, partially due to Tony's idle inventing, and Stephen's spells. This particular vehicle is called the Quinjet, used for border crossings.
He loses track of time as he makes his way through the last of the reports, and separates them into piles, some to be delivered to SHIELD, some as an Avengers record. He’s just in the process of finishing up when his phone rings, and Steve jumps, startled as the sharp sound cuts through the silence.
“Come with me.” Steve says, picking out a camellia and tucking it behind Tony’s ear, pocketing the crocus. “I have something to show you.”
The computer chimes an affirmative as the palm print lights up green. “Voice recognition confirmed. Welcome Capsicle.”
When they finally arrive (in the physical realm that is, not the building) the first place they head to is Pepper, and now Happy’s cabin by the lake. They had actually landed in a cornfield in the middle of nowhere when they first arrived, but distance doesn’t seem to be an issue when you’re an untethered spirit. Being dead does seem to have it’s perks.
They order in takeout for dinner, and everyone piles on the couch to eat, putting on a movie that a lot of them ignore in favour of talking, or in Clint’s case, making commentary at the screen. It’s warm, quiet and cozy.
About seven minutes later, Steve finally hits on a weakness entirely by accident, when he realizes that the baton that he had grabbed quickly as he left for the helicopter is actually an electric staff.
Bruce steps quickly out of the room, phone already in hand and Steve leans back against his pillows.
Steve gets it, he understands what Tony’s feeling because he can’t help feeling broken up about it too. Today was absolutely amazing, getting to see the people they love, watching them laugh and interact and
“What is this posture Steve, this is horrible, you’ve done a horrible thing.” Tony scowls at Steve who shrugs.
Usually Steve wouldn't mind suddenly getting booted from the lab; it's not exactly unusual for Tony to get distracted by some new idea or situation and suddenly leave, flickering out and returning later with a sheepish expression when he remembers. It's also not unusual for him to kick people out of his work space either. After all, Tony isn't exactly shy about letting people know when he needs to be alone to do his inventing in peace. It's one of the things Steve can't help but admire about Tony, when his mind is going too fast for people to keep up, when Tony hears that siren call of a new revolutionary idea and shuts down in order to concentrate all his efforts on it.
"Don't ignore me." the man hisses, even angrier than before.  Steve's puzzled for a second, until he remembers faintly that not verbally responding is considered rude to some people. No one here minds much, anymore.
Tony," he sneers, derisive. "That Tony Stark brand genius has figured it out again, because it's not anything you've fucking
, Steve knows Pepper has explained everything to her, but what if she doesn’t remember, what if, what if, what if-
“‘Think to yourself,’” Harley proclaims loudly, raising his arms, thoroughly familiar with the detention video. “‘What would Captain America do???’”
"Papa, I'm countant!" Morgan yells right on cue, Elle bursting into giggles instead of saying anything. Tony sighs.
Tony’s trailing off and laughing and dancing around the workshop, and he’s so beautiful like this, his red jacket swirling, alive and lithe and graceful, and Steve’s breathe catches as he watches him, with no help from the vines.
“And I remind you of him,” the AI adds on quietly, “but I’m not him. I’m sorry. I - I’ll leave, shut down for now, stay out of your way-”
nanotech because of how everything had melted, and the precautions taken and the way that thing had fought is too advanced and calculated for Steve’s comfort or peace of mind, but they need to locate this villain, find out how exactly he got ahold of this, or how exactly he made this, analyze him for level of threat and stop him before he strikes again.
Eventually, they settle in the communal living area, where they're finally joined by Sam, who gives Steve a warm hug in greeting and smacks Bucky up the back of his head before settling on the couch.
He sighs, propping his chin on his hand. “We’re all just, touched, I guess you could say, that he went to such extents to keep us safe. Not all of us have had that good of a history with him, and the fact that he would do this for us -” he breaks off with a smile at AI Tony, who starts to tentatively smile back.
“-considering you’re about two seconds away from sliding onto the floor, might I suggest leaving for the tower a couple minutes early to rest? I can have SHIELD issue cars sent out for the rest of your team.”
“Move it Stark,” Natasha grins, and Tony frowns at her obvious amusement. “We’ve got a Quinjet full of bored superheroes and a PR consultant waiting on you. I’ve gotten some samples of Quantum’s tech, and I would really like to get back before Thor and Hulk start another arm-wrestling match.”
“Lord help us, Barton as a father?” Tony laughs. Clint releases Tara from his hug in order to glare at Tony for max effect.
“Tony.” Tony repeats. “TO-NY. No more Mr. Stark nonsense unless you want me ugh-ing at you for the rest of our acquaintance.”
When breakfast ends, Bruce and Wanda shoo everyone out of the kitchen so they can clean up, so Steve finds himself standing a bit aimlessly in the hallway, after he had been banned from helping (“no Steve.” Wanda gives him a stern look. “You cooked breakfast, you are not allowed to do the dishes too. Get.”).
“Sounds great,” Steve smiles, turning around and setting a plate of pancakes on the table. Agent Jin brings over the plates and toppings and sets the table. Tony squints at her.
They cry when they watch Steve’s funeral, because it’s him finally saying goodbye to the life he had on Earth.
“Congratulations, Captain.” He says with a grin, winking at Steve, and Steve gives a small laugh at that, a little broken maybe, but a laugh nonetheless. He had stayed for two days with Peggy and her husband, catching up, and he found talking it out with her had helped a bit, a soothing balm to the hurt of the final battle. It’s still almost excruciatingly painful, thinking about all those people they lost, thinking about
“But-” and Tony's watching Steve with hesitance and palpable fear, as if he's afraid to look away for even a second, afraid of Steve turning to ice. That's not a possibility anymore, Steve knows, and he takes advantage of that.
Tony smiles at him, light coming back into his eyes, and Steve's so grateful, so glad that his idiotic actions haven't ruined this too.
“I know Steve,” Clint interrupts with a grateful smile. “It took me a while and a lot of yelling from Laura for me to realize that. That it’s not my fault. Natasha made her choice and I should respect it.”
Steve nods and gives Pepper a brief but warm hug before she drives away, and he turns to board the quinjet, Wanda fussing over him the entire time.
“Shut up, you think you’re funny Cap, well you’re not.” Tony sticks his tongue out at him. Steve rolls his eyes in response, which is pretty much on par for the course with their interactions.
“I panicked when the door asked me for a handprint confirmation and ran away.” Steve picked up his beer from the coffee table and drank a bit.
The man, in turn, seems to be waiting for some kind of reaction from him, but Steve hasn't the faintest idea of what.
Bucky makes a satisfied grunting noise and then goes back to his faceplant on the counter. He mutters something that may have been a muffled 'thanks asshole', which Tony snickers at, unoffended, watching Bucky with a fond smile.
The man laughs quietly, the sound as warm and alive as the rest of him but then pauses as he registers that Steve is genuinely confused. His face is rapidly descending into worry as his eyes flick over Steve’s face, takes in the blank expression, the vacant stare.
me, cheeseburgers are the perfect food and they deserve to be appreciated, it’s not my fault that living in the 1900’s has rotted all your tastebuds-” Tony’s rant goes on for another two minutes but at this point Steve is laughing too hard for it to make a difference. It’s a wonderful sound.
Steve had just arrived home from where he had been working on a city mural, paint splattered, exhausted, but happy. Addilynn had caught sight of one of the sketches Steve had been working on at one point as he waited for Tony to finish with his design alterations at the screening building, and immediately commissioned him to help her work on a possible mural.
did or said, and we’ve been getting better at talking, but then it seemed bad enough for you to need time alone and then I was
He also enjoys causing havoc on twitter. Politically correct havoc of course, as Tara has to approve of the comments. Although Tara being just out of her teenage years herself, Tony is allowed to get away with quite a lot more than he expected.
Steve’s already noted, throughout the course of the recounts, how easy everyone appears to be with each other, body language relaxed and trusting.
I already have a general plot down for how this story is going to go, so I will probably (key word is probably) update frequently in the future. Feel free to yell at me in the comments section if I don't quite manage it, I've been known to procrastinate XD
Ten minutes pass, and finally Sam calls in a request for backup. By that time Steve is already suited and waiting, ready to go.
He’s doing better in quieting those insecurities of his, that conditioning that started ever since he was a kid. He knows he is, but there are still those off days where he just doesn’t feel himself, where he itches in his skin, and all he wants to do is reach for a bottle. It just happens. Sometimes he can identify the trigger, but other times, it’s just there. Could be a forgotten nightmare. Could be a reminder of Howard. Tony tries not to dwell too closely on it. There’s no reason to, since he knows it will pass, just like it always does.
, and watches as the camera films a little girl putting down a wreath of roses in front of the memorial platform.
“So,” he starts hesitantly, leaning against the counter, and Pepper looks over at him curiously. “I was wandering around the compound a week ago. Came across Tony’s lab.”
3. This chapter kicked my ASS. Oh my God, I literally have no idea if it turned out well or not because I've read it over so many times that EVERYTHING sounds horrible to me. Y'all let me know if it actually is horrible because I really can't tell. XDD
He enters the field sometimes if they need him as backup, but never as Captain America. He borrows one of the navy blue SHIELD suits in his size from Fury and fights with any weapon he can get his hands on. Without his shield he isn't really picky, and he knows how to work most forms of weaponry.
“As in first time we’re trying this out to see how it goes.” Tara reassures. “Although there's no promises I won't make you do it again. If you purposely fuck this up I will definitely make you do it again.”
“Oh, oh, oh,” Peter says, bouncing a little on his toes, before setting his hands on his hips and puffing out his chest in an exaggerated manner. “You mean the one that goes ‘Hi, I’m Captain America, whether you’re a student or a soldier,’” deepening his voice when he starts quoting.
Bucky, Sam and Wanda give Tony a vaguely alarmed look, which Steve is pretty sure is mirrored on his own face, but Bruce just lets out a snort and stops staring at his screen to give Tony a Look of his own.
Tony’s mouth is twitching from where he’s watching Steve, hologram having walked over to lean (or appear to lean) back against the counter, dark, expressive eyes watching him intently and sparking with amusement.
else saw except for me. Don't try and deny it!" Steve points a finger at Tony when he shrugs, not looking convinced, and Tony raises an amused eyebrow at Steve. "You know I'm right mister, don't argue, the Avengers have fully accepted you into our little dysfunctional family. Everything I said is
bad history with this kinda situation with one Stark in particular." And she laughs, surprised. Happy shrugs at Pepper from beside her, as if to say,
“Nah,” Tony cackles at the expressions on everyone’s faces, and then flickers in to stand next to Bruce, peeking around his arm down at the screen. “Just messing with you guys. AI remember?”
"Look. Do you mind just-just give me a day alright? Just this day to-to get used to the situation.” he gives the AI a tight smile, knows he looks too stiff, but he can’t seem to make his body obey him, the instructions to relax. “This is just, a lot to process, and I meant what I said earlier, you're always welcome here, make no mistake of that, heck this is technically your compound? You're part of the team now, but just for today, I can’t-” Steve breaks off, breathing in sharply, wills the AI to understand, this is Steve’s own issues not anyone else’s, but he can’t seem to make himself say it without it sounding awful and plastic. “-just give me a day to mourn him?"
Tony suddenly points at Steve when he raises an eyebrow at him. "NO, no no no, you are not allowed to give me that
“Insane.” Steve mutters to himself, chuckling sadly, and he feels a sharp pang as he waves a hand through the holograms, shutting down the table again. God, he misses Tony.
God Steve didn't remotely deserve to be the one to open it, doesn't deserve being viewed as family by Pepper, Happy, Morgan and Rhodey, doesn't deserve
Steve’s mouth twitches with amusement as he listens to Tony’s ranting. He re-applies the bandages slowly, the process taking a bit of fumbling, which again makes that horrible pinched look appear back on Tony’s face. Steve calls him Tin Can this time to distract him, and laughs as Tony flails his arms in concentrated offense.
“It’s getting worse.” Sam finally comments, quiet in his despair, and neither Natasha or Bucky voice anything in response, but their expressions say it all.
“How horrifyingly domestic,” an amused voice says as Steve moves to put the bread knife away, and he turns to see Tony there beside him, expression happy and open, smiling easier than he had a couple hours ago. Steve grins in response, brandishing the knife he’s still holding at the hologram.
“‘A hot lunch!’” Harley, Ned and Peter finish in a chorus, all three of them with hands on their hips in classical Captain America poses, and then they burst into laughter at the expression on Steve’s face.
“You mentioned speculations or something, and...I wondered if there was something wrong with your systems because I was worried something was
Steve huffs to himself at the memory and allows a small smile. He’s missed this. In the year after the ensuing battle, during that time of mourning, he’s missed this. Missed that easy camaraderie of the early days in the tower, missed Clint crawling through the vents, missed Natasha unnerving everyone by sharpening her knives in plain view, missed Thor yelling about pop tarts, missed dragging Tony out of the lab and Bruce brewing his calming tea for everyone, missed how none of them would hesitate - none of them would be too
"Coincidences?" Scott asks, and Steve remembers that he hadn't been there for that particular battle. "You've fought this before."
The only time Tony is ever really silent is when he accompanies Steve out to visit those who have succumbed. The report that come in are few and far between now, when a while ago there had been dozens a day, and Steve would head out to visit each and every one of them.
He walks down the hall towards Bucky’s room, and sure enough, already he can hear the sounds of excessive arguing through the doorway. Steve snorts a little to himself as he taps on the open door to announce his presence. Some things never change.
Steve’s not entirely sure if it’s because of the meeting, because of the fact that the situation is just in the forefront of his mind, but he keeps going back to the moment the HYDRA agent got a hold of him, that strangle hold, the free fall, the safety of the Iron Man armour, Tony’s guilt…
"My point still stands though. That was quite a bump in the road we just hit, but I'm not sure I want to change those objectives anyways, even if I could, which I’m not entirely sure I can by the way. I think...I’ve found something worth protecting here.” and Tony catches his eye by tilting his head, because Steve’s kind of half looking away now, gives him a smile full of fondness, and Steve feels appallingly unworthy, heartbreakingly tender, but he can’t resist smiling back sadly, eyes welling up again.
Steve says none of this however, and simply smirks back at Harley, darting in for the first move as Peter cheers them on from the sidelines.
“Get thee gone fiend, I don’t wish to gain your bad taste through osmosis, I’m probably infected already,” Tony says in response, and then screeches when Steve lunges at him, grabbing him into a hug that lifts him off the ground.
“ - well I’m sorry if I can’t be fucking cheerful for you all the time,” Tony snaps, looking entirely too hurt and worn-out. “I just figured you’d still treat me like a
The armour hits the boiling ground with a wet smack, and melts, along with the rest of the technology.
Steve goes back to staring at the ceiling, trying to ignore the fact that Tony is still studying him from his position, half sitting, and half “leaning” on an elbow so he can look at Steve. From his peripheral vision, Steve can see how Tony’s eyes flick over his face, expression still tired, but open now. Calm. He’s just observing. He’s...very close.
when Steve hadn’t even known what had happened to him hours ago, so Steve reaches out one of his bandaged hands and gently cards his fingers through Tony’s soft hair, just to prove to himself that he’s here and real.
Backed into a corner, on the verge of defeat, snarling and desperate, Steve sees the villainess pull out a small black orb, no bigger than the palm of her hand, and slam it onto her wrists. A gelatinous, very
Finally he finishes, spent. And he leans back against the back of the couch, having said all he has to say.
He friends a bunch of people he barely knows on Facebook, and then proceeds to use it solely to nag Happy into picking up some milk. He doesn't want to get into the whole poking thing, he barely understands Facebook as it is.
He sees some of the Avengers leave the compound at some point, try and wave him down, but he doesn’t give an inch, feels dreadful for it, but he can’t face any of them at the moment. He runs for hours, until even his supersoldier muscles are screaming for a break, pushed to the limit, and he collapses, boneless on the grass, gasping and soaked in sweat. He thought he had been making progress, moving on from the deaths in the final battle, healing. Now he’s back to square one.
He exits eventually, dresses and wanders around the compound listlessly, avoiding any human company. He stops briefly in the gym and goes at the punching bag for a bit, but he thinks about Natasha training on the sparring mat, agile and beautiful and deadly, and he thinks about Tony designing the equipment, handsome face set with determination and eyes sparkling because he’s always loved designing his machines, making the laws of physics bend to his will, and Steve finds the place is too full of ghosts for him to stand. He leaves, and goes back to wandering around.
Steve can't make any sense of it. That's not how it's done here. His subjects have always drifted off to do their duties independently, leaving Steve alone to do his. Even those who Steve remembers distantly had been his friends. Natasha, Sam, Bucky. They leave him alone as well. They leave each other alone. So why is Tony following him?
Steve gives her a confused look, but doesn’t say anything, not wanting to push if she doesn’t want to tell. Pepper elaborates anyways.
“Leave me alone, I’m old and retired.” Everyone laughs, and after a bit more back and forth bickering, the topic is switched to more mundane things.
“As you already know, Barnes here was sent out with the initial mission of tracking down what we previously thought was stolen nanotechnology in that first encounter during the call to assemble. ” Sam begins. “I went with him as backup.”
He sits there shaking on top of the sheets, leaning heavily on the headboard, trying to get his head in order, and his breathing under control.
So, after assessing the general threat level, Tony finds himself rather amused, which is not something he can often say when it comes to potential villains.
“-After you all eat your late breakfast  I can get you set up with your accounts and show you how each works.” she finishes, completely ignoring Tony which is just plain rude.
“You sneaky bastard.” Tony gasps, trying to ignore the hidden warmth that Steve’s words cause. “I’ve been played.
“The Living Death was already fading by the time Tony departed.” Bucky takes over this explanation. “The Hanahaki’s disease is what had stopped it, ironically. You were the key to breaking it, Steve. You and whether or not you’d fade with the rest of us. You didn’t.”
And that's all Steve really hears because he stops listening after that, not wanting to hear them talk about Tony Stark either when things are still raw. Irresponsible and childish really, but he's old and retired, leave him alone.
Despite everything, despite Tony being the one who had made the final decision all those years ago to disband the Avengers, despite his insecurities of never being enough, not being able to make the right call, Tony has to admit that he is glad for their continued company.
“I-it’s nothing, just. I just remembered-there’s something important I have to do, I-ten minutes, give me ten minutes, I’ll be right back, I just-”
He receives a bottle of medical ointment from the doctor with stern orders to apply it once a day until he’s healed over, to take the bandages off sometimes to let his skin air out and instructions on how to shower. Steve nods along and is finally ushered out of the hospital and loaded onto the quinjet for home, Clint, Peter and Harley apparently coming along.
Steve had added at that, smiling a watery smile at Tony, and really it took all Tony had not to break down into happy tears again. They talked about Sam and Bucky finally getting their heads out of their asses and getting together, with Nat gloating that she had told Steve that them bickering had been unresolved sexual tension and not hate but did he believe her
There’s a sharp crack of sound, Steve registers it distantly as he swims in and out of consciousness and he’s still falling and then quite unexpectedly-
And...there’s of course always the possibility that it wasn't Steve at all, that it was a glitch, a system error, and he shifts uncomfortably as he thinks about it. The very idea of something going wrong with Tony fills him with outright...fear. Because none of them really know how to help him, not even Bruce because he’s not technically an engineer, genius as he is, and yeah Shuri, but what if she doesn’t arrive in time or isn’t available, just…
Before Steve can do anything, like go back in and demand some answers, ask Tony if he’s okay, Tony meets his eyes, and shakes his head, expression pleading. The look is clear. Not now.
Clint nods, “and it only made it worse, with the both of them gone. I had my family to look after, I had everything to lose, but sometimes, for a brief second, I would wish I could go on a mission or something, to let all that anger and pain out, and I’d feel guilty for it for hours afterwards. But I kept thinking about what Natasha had done, the lengths she had gone to drag me back from the edge after the snap and then the fucking cliff. It made things easier, made it simpler to do the right thing, to ignore that side of me, because how could I ever do anything else?”
“Well, maybe just stand down for now, in case this is a minor fight. We don’t really know what the backlash from the media and public will be if there’s a seeming replacement for Iron Man, and I
The day Morgan shows up, Tony spends the entire day catching up with her along with Pepper, Happy and even Peter, who has been unofficially adopted into the Stark/Hogan family. It’s one of the best days of his life, getting to finally talk face to face with his beautiful, headstrong daughter and his wonderful honorary son.
“I don’t like you.” Steve hums again, amused, and there’s silence from Tony’s end, but he knows without looking up that the AI is rolling his eyes at him.
Tony gets dragged all the way from his workshop into the elevator and up to the floor where Tara’s rooms are. Namely where she apparently has a bunch of recording equipment in a walk-in closet.
the AI, and Steve has got to stop thinking about him as Tony, because he’s not, he’s not Tony, Tony’s dead and he’s never coming back- says, walking closer, footsteps silent, his feet coming into view where Steve’s still trying to bore a hole in the lab floor.
When they get to Avenger’s tower, she promptly introduces herself to Jarvis, and then proceeds to go to each one of their floors, shoving them out of the elevator door methodically as she gets to each. Tony vaguely wonders how she knows where all of them live, then decides that he really doesn’t give a shit.
Peter breaks off suddenly with a shout as he gets distracted with the explanation, is a second too slow. One of the spikes catches him in the side, slicing neatly through his webs and he goes down, hard, meeting the concrete sidewalk with a sickening cracking sound.
They take it slow because there’s really no reason to rush, not when they’ve got all the time in the world.
"Well, I got your EMP blast right here." Tony says, and the armour zooms past Steve, the portion that he had destroyed re-assembling and following him. "Sam, land. Now. This is gonna take out all technology for the next two blocks. Everyone get out of range, a million tons of free-falling nanotech is not going to pleasant to be under." and with that, the armour flies upward, dodging spikes and protrusions easily, finding an optimal position.
“Look,” he snaps, frustrated and thoroughly done with this conversation. He tries to soften his attitude, but he’s tired, his head hurts, he just can’t deal with this right now, why wasn’t the energy source
They go back to more lighthearted topics after that, which manages to distract Steve until Harley yells up the stairs at him to “get his ass downstairs and eat some food”. Steve says a hasty goodbye to the sound of Pepper laughing at him over the phone and hangs up to head downstairs before Harley starts yelling again.
Steve had seen the moment of Tony’s capture through his spell, but not his escape a week later with the rest of the prisoners within the castle, nor the final siege outside by the citizens of the Summer Kingdom, fighting a lost cause when Stane had a powerful sorcerer on his side, up until Steve’s storm had arrived and tipped the scales. It had left Tony’s side unharmed, and howled up through windows, wailing and tearing away until the West wall had collapsed, and guards and civilians alike streamed in to help.
Steve glances over at Scott, Wanda, and Bruce sitting behind him, asking silently for their opinions as well. Bruce shrugs.
"No. We don't." Steve walks into his room, stalking past Tony to his closet to grab a change of clothes.
“Can you tell me a story?” she asks quietly, “a-about daddy?” and Steve smiles sadly, dragging up a chair.
But then again, Tony has paused in his tracks at this point and isn’t flickering out, so Steve doesn’t bother to correct himself and keeps going. “No seriously. What the
“Stark no.” Sam says firmly, and Tony again looks startled, mouthing the word Stark confusedly, “Sorry, that was Tony’s last name, force of habit. We don’t
because of you.” she hisses at him, hands around his neck as they continue to climb higher and higher. “Everything. Hydra might be dead, but
By the time Steve has finished cutting up all the fruit and laying out the plates, most of the Avengers have trickled into the kitchen, all gathered around the kitchen table, talking quietly and laughing, Peter included, who, with Aunt May’s permission, had crashed at the compound for the night because of how exhausted he had been. Bucky has returned to some resemblance of a human being, and is now in conversation with Sam and Wanda. Bruce is making some more coffee, and Peter and Harley are scribbling on Peter’s cast with a sharpie. Tony has drifted over and is making commentary on what they’re writing over their shoulders, him and Harley snarking at each other.
He can’t breath, in the centre of the blizzard, fighting with all of his might just to stay where he is, the wind climbing into his throat and pushing back any breathable air. He coughs, desperately tries to draw in oxygen and blood splutters down his chin as the vines constrict so
It takes all his willpower not to walk forward, to stay here in 2012, before everything had gone to shit, and
She answers with an affirmative, and Tony turns back to the room, and quite suddenly, he’s at a loss for what to do. He wants to see them so badly that it aches, but he doesn’t know where to even begin.
Stane - the same person who apparently organized Howard’s betrayal, the same person who had paid a king’s ransom for a spell of living death on Steve’s kingdom -
“I know,” Pepper says in a long suffering but fond tone. “You tell me every two seconds, I’d be an idiot if I didn’t remember.” Steve laughs as Pepper huffs. “I just wanted to make sure you guys weren’t in the middle of a mission or something.”
"Really?" Tony's voice is back to hesitant now and still too cautious, and it...kinda. It kinda hurts.  That Tony can’t give him the benefit of the doubt, even though Steve knows that’s illogical. Steve recognizes the fact now that it’s just a stupid misunderstanding, but at the same time it kinda stings that Tony just jumped immediately to the wrong conclusion.
He keeps training the other Avengers. Calls to assemble slowly begin increasing again, and yeah it's bad that the supervillains are coming back full force, but at the same time it shows that Earth is healing, with all its faults and setbacks along with it, so Steve can't help but feel a little guiltily relieved.
“There is too a Captain America voice, and you still have it even though you’re retired. It should be put away because it does not belong in conversations between friends.”
Number one theory at the moment is that it's a creature of some sort, or made from a spell since it looks too fluid to be anything technological, although Steve knows first-hand that looks can be deceiving. Steve concentrates on not dying first and foremost as he fights, terse discussions and suggestions being bounced back and forth over the comms, mind whirring at a hundred miles an hour as he thinks desperately for a way to take this thing down, because how do you destroy something that can reform two seconds later? Tactics mean shit if you can’t subdue your enemy.
Steve makes his way out to the common living areas along with Peter and Harley, Peter carrying a still drowsy Morgan in his arms. It’s almost five o’clock at this point, and Steve intends to cook some food this time, they’ve been eating a disturbing amount of takeout the past few days.
Then Tony finds himself rolling his eyes amusedly when she immediately drags him off to work on his social media presence, citing that he owes her.
"Anyone got any suggestions about how to take this down once and for all?" Wanda gasps, red magic swirling as she tries to hold back a portion of the mass.
It’s maybe two or three hours later when there’s a subdued knock on Steve’s door. He looks up from where he’s been doodling idly in the margins of a notebook, and gets up to answer, surprised to see Rhodey on the other side with a napping Morgan in his arms.
Steve isn’t actually there the moment they arrive back; it’s a rare break from routine (yeah, Steve knows he’s rather predictable) but Steve had run out of pages in his sketchbook, so he had been visiting the inner city, mainly shopping for some more art supplies, and other little things Bruce, Wanda and Scott had requested he buy. He could get most of the stuff delivered true, it’s mind boggling what you can do with online shopping here in the twenty-first century, but he’s always preferred to shop in person.
you would have a legitimate reason for avoiding me. Selfish right?” Tony laughs. “I saw it too y’know? I helped you with a panic attack for fuck's sake! I saw how hard you tried when I started talking to you that day when I was first activated, how you would remove yourself from the situation when it became too much for you. I’m sorry I made light of your hardships when you were already trying your best, sorry I tried to wind you up, sorry I didn’t even
His schematics aren’t working at the moment, and he has yet to figure out why. His two hours of sleep also seem to have made his exhaustion worst instead of better, his head pounds, he seems to have a mildly compromised sense of balance.
And Steve, bewildered and high on the sudden rush of happiness that bubbles up and bursts, stupidly, starts
The first time, Tony had been horrified when Steve explained why they were visiting a bunch of ice sculptures. Now he stands and watches as Steve wanders around, kneels before each figure, says a prayer. He doesn’t say anything when Steve returns, but Steve can still see the morbid curiosity and sorrow burning bright in Tony’s eyes.
In the days leading up to Tony's funeral, Steve came to admire just how strong Pepper truly is, business face on and spine as strong as steel, dealing with the aftermath and fallout when others were too broken to despite all that she had lost herself, making arrangements, taking care of Morgan, a hurricane of efficiency and productivity, comforting and strong in equal measure. There’s no denying that Tony married one hell of a woman. But he's glad she's getting her chance to truly mourn now that things have calmed.
“I’m pretty sure it won’t ever stop hurting,” Clint says at one point, picking at the label of his beer. “When I lost them-” and Steve knows without prompting that Clint means his family, “-it hurt so much at times I thought I was going to shake apart with it. I did horrible things in that time because I was just
“Don’t look at me like that.” Tony puts a hand on his chest in fake affront. “I can be nice. Maybe.”
them, supposed to smile and laugh and joke around with you, treat you as a friend, pretend everything is fucking okay, let you joke around, make fun of my grief like it’s nothing, pretend he's not
He nods to himself eventually, turning slowly to leave, wondering if maybe he’ll finally have found a bit of closure, but then freezes when he hears a humming noise.
Tony meets Bucky’s questioning gaze from where he had been staring at the table. “Pearl Jeffrey was it?” Tony nods, and his eyes are pure steel, even from where Steve is sitting, a conference table away. “If there’s even a remote technological trail, I can find it.”
The quadratic comment is something based off of my friend's last name being remarkably similar to that parabolic function everyone knows and loves and me refusing to call her by her proper last name as a result. :))))) Works even better since she's actually at military college rn, so they go by last names anyways XD
“Sleep well.” he says quietly to Steve. There's a flicker of something behind his eyes, but it's gone in a flash, the blank expression already returning as he goes to leave. Steve tries not to hear Bucky's words for the goodbye that it is.
"Don't let her catch you calling her that, Tones." Rhodey laughs, leaning back against the door frame despite the fact that he appeared to be in a rush two seconds ago. "Or better yet, do. And let me watch the reaction."
and kind and vibrant. So if you don’t want me after this, after my explanation, if you don’t want to be near me, you’re going to have to say so. Because this is it for me. You’re it. And if you let me have you, if you say yes to-to
“Are you angry?” the question is even quieter, and Steve shifts his head a bit sideways in order to meet Tony’s eyes properly. Tony’s head is tilted and looks almost...curious. Inquisitive. A little bit teasing. It takes a second for Steve to answer, because he gets distracted by the play of the rays of the sun washing the ceiling and walls in colour instead of the usual shell white, lighting up Tony’s eyes into hazel and gold, and parts of him become translucent from the glow, like a spirit, a ghost. Steve’s fingers itch for a sketchpad and pencils.
Natasha clears her throat from right behind Tony, and he curses, jumping about a foot in the air before spinning around. She smirks at him again. Damned super spies.
“Yeah, sure.” Steve says wryly, and then sombers a bit. “Okay. But. Just. I’m here for you if you ever need to talk. And all the Avengers really. You can talk to us...you know that...right?”
“Tony’s recording y’all, just fair warning,” Peter had shouted out of the window at Sam and Bucky, and then ducked back in, laughing.
“What, why do you never answer my questions?” Tony will admit that he flails his arms a bit. “They are perfectly valid questions.”
“Last I checked, you don’t live here.” is the first thing Steve says to Harley when he enters the kitchen. Harley chucks a takeout container at Steve’s head in response, and they all sit down in the living room to flip through episodes of Brooklyn Nine Nine as they eat.
Never, in all the days Steve had spent in Tony’s company, had he thought it would end with this. With Tony here, both of them alive, telling him those words. Steve opens his mouth unsteadily to speak, to return the words, but Tony shakes his head, placing soft fingers against Steve’s lips, eyes sad and guilty.
“Not your fault.” He says firmly, looking straight at the AI, who looks kind of startled at how fierce Steve’s protest is. Steve is a bit startled himself actually, because he still has no idea how he feels about this, but apparently reassurance is the one thing he can give at the moment.  “Definitely not your fault, don’t do that, don’t blame yourself.”
“Oh my god, wait, you have Harry Potter,” Harley exclaims suddenly in a hushed voice, and makes a grab for the DVD case sitting on Steve’s desk shelf. “That’s it, we’re watching this while we wait to be unexiled, everyone shut up now, from here on out you and your thoughts are utterly irrelevant.”
Tony side-eyes her, because it’s been fifteen years and Natasha has never once shown an urge to garden, and really she could’ve come up with a
Steve squints at him suspiciously. “You literally never remember dates,” he begins slowly. “how do you know this.”
After he leaves, Steve walks sedately down the halls of the compound towards the living areas, mind a whir of confusion and worry as he thinks over Tony's reaction in the workshop.
“Wow, I forgot to tell you. Boy are you in for a treat,” she smiles, dragging Tony up from the bench to his indignant protests.
“You left it up to me on when to join the fight, and I came too late. I stood by and watched through most of the battle, and you almost died because of it. I’m sorry.”
It’s utter hell and chaos before it finally happens, all muted yells, and strategy, and desperate scrambling for the upper hand as everyone fights with every single ounce of strength and skill that they’ve got. The fate of the universe balanced on a knife’s edge, the executioner’s axe waiting to fall.
Wanda wanders into the dining room at one point after he starts setting the table - the sauce left to bubble merrily in the closed pot - evidently having returned from her visit to the Sanctum Sanctorum.
He has decidedly less fun when he walks into the living room to see all the Avengers planted on the couch with his video playing on the big screen TV.
“How?” Tony’s asking him wondrously days later, his face alight with joy as he pokes at his unmarred chest, sitting up against his bed, and Steve keeps his face carefully blank of any feelings as he watches Tony from his own position beside him.
“Why don’t you ever smile?” Tony had asked sadly one of those days, his hand coming up idly, and Steve jolts as fingers brush against his lips. They tingle with warmth, coming to life underneath Tony’s fingertips, and Steve is shocked from the feeling, so he takes a hasty step back. Tony blinks as if coming out of a trance, and hurriedly drops his hand.
” Steve groans from where his face is still buried in Tony’s neck. The tips of his ears are pink. It’s kind of adorable.
“I’m fine.” He rasps into the comms in answer to everyone’s worried shouts, and he quickly grabs his staff and gets to cover as there’s another shot to where he was.
A sidenote though: I'm gonna be heading back to China to visit relatives for two weeks, starting tomorrow, and probably won't be able to post anything during that time period, which is why I'm posting a new chapter today. At least the vacation time will give me ample opportunity to write lol.
All the Avengers are present to greet Shuri, including Steve, and then they all go sit in Bruce's lab once again as she scrolls through the systems.
Steve takes one look at the mess the living room has become and feels a surge of fondness. After a moment of contemplation, he heads to the nearest linen cupboard and grabs about a million blankets, laying it gently over each Avenger before he allows himself a stretch, massaging the crick in his neck he got from sleeping curled up on a couch that was a little too short for him.
Her red hair is a revelation against the icy backdrop, fiery red in a land of crisp white. It’s enveloped with frost, and yet the colour is not dulled at all in it’s brilliance for all of that. Her clothes are a mirror of Sam and Bucky’s, uniform of the royal guards.
Fury looks around as if daring anyone else to interrupt. “Anyone else” being Tony, as so far Clint, Natasha and Hulk have yet to express any emotion other than indifference, boredom and perpetual anger, respectively.
that?!” The kid’s voice cracks into a squeak at the end of his exclamation. Definitely younger than 19 then.
He finds himself walking forward to stand in front of the lab doors. The place is probably dark and empty now, locked.
“We all have access I’m pretty sure, but I haven’t been back to the compound since Rescue. That life was always Tony’s, not mine.”
I could help you somehow, fly you away from this place. There are people outside who could help, Pepper employs a court sorcerer and there are other kingdoms if that won't work. I’ve wasted too much time though. I was angry when I crashed and saw you were still alive, after years of Howard searching for you, and scared and cowardly. I want to help now, but I’m not sure the month I still have left is enough to make a difference. I’m sorry. It might be too late.”
Steve hums. “Sam and Bucky aren’t here right now, but other than that, no mission. Although...have you checked in with Tony to see if he’s okay with it?” Steve hedges, since the AI hadn’t exactly been in a talkative mood earlier, to put it lightly.
“Tony…” Steve stops his babbling gently with a hand on his arm. “Tony, I’m okay, really. It’s been what, seventeen years since Peggy died? I will always love her, just like you will probably always love Pepper. But I got my lifetime with her, and I’m satisfied with it. Peggy has her husband now who she also loves dearly, and if I’m gonna be entirely honest...it’s never been just her.”
“Let me know if you need anything, alright?” Steve says to them quietly over the sound of Morgan and Tony’s conversation. Pepper seems almost about to protest, going as far as opening her mouth, but Steve shakes his head slightly. This reunion isn’t for him.
The cleanup is handled by SHIELD agents, because it involves chemical contaminants, which they’re more equipped to deal with then the Avengers are.
He zones out slightly as he returns each of the stones, the process routine and kind of tedious. It’s child’s play to place all of them back where they belong, although he finds himself pausing briefly in 2012, to see Tony one last time, smiling and snarking, light and carefree.
"I don't wanna go back." Elle frowns stubbornly, grabbing for Morgan's hands, and Tony narrowly stops from cooing at how adorable the two are. That doesn't usually go over well with headstrong kids. "I won't be able to see Morgan anymore."
“C’mon sweetheart. I would go ahead and do it anyways, but it’s not the same without you.” Tony smiles innocently and Steve sighs. If Tony’s wanted it for that long...and also it would be nice to see them again…
Steve nods, accepting the answer. Tony nods once as well, as if to say “good” and then shifts away to sit back up. After a couple seconds, Steve follows.
The Avengers are tiring, and even still the mass pushes on, with an aerial advantage on them, and they can’t keep fighting like this, unable to destroy any part of it, because sooner or later they’re going to lose.
sound like that. Almost against his will, Steve’s eyes are drawn up, meeting the hologram’s gaze. It’s jarring, to see that the AI isn’t really solid, that you can see a very faint outline of the room
, why is he so angry over the idea that the AI tampered with it, is using it, he's not Tony but he's as close to Tony as it gets-
“First few days or so, Buck and I spent it undercover, just hitting up old informants, a lot of waiting around, trying to get a trail, something we can follow.” Sam narrates. “We finally hit on something day four; one of Bucky’s old connections as the Winter Soldier got us some info about this high profile criminal who’s been breaking into high security bank-vaults like it’s child’s play. Calls himself ‘The Ghost’.” Sam rolls his eyes, clearly expressing what he thought of that name. “You’ve probably heard of him?”
He talks a bit with Shuri before she leaves to go hang out with Peter, Harley and Wanda ("what, I'm gonna fly all the way to New York and
"We need to talk." Tony says, turning to look at Steve, who stiffens in the doorway, irritation rising as Tony continues to stare at him. Seriously. Now?
, and he’s glad Tony showed up in time, but thinking about him using the armour just opens up an entirely new can of worms.
this time asshole” with stern orders not to be dumb(“oh you’re one to talk Rogers”) and watches them drive out of the hangar.
He’s never been a coward, that’s one of the few things he’s always been sure about in himself. And yet he’s terrified to try the door. What if it doesn’t open? It’ll be a relief and a disappointment all at once, he knows. It might re-open old wounds, although Steve’s not even sure they healed over correctly in the first place.
Natasha laughs at that, carefree and bright, and Tony feels extraordinarily accomplished for such an small and ordinary thing.
This chapter is a little bit longer than the last because I had to stop it at a point that makes sense lol. Chapter had finally somewhat lived up to the Mature rating for some not really PG-13 thoughts ;)
He squeezes Steve’s hand back, linking their fingers. When Natasha returns with the ice cream, raising a perfectly shaped eyebrow at the hand-holding and Steve’s small smile, Tony shrugs and doesn’t let go.
“Check with him if you want.” Pepper says. “But I'm not sure if his answer will be any different. It's been more than a year Steve.”
Steve opens his mouth to reply, but then stops when someone stumbles haphazardly into the kitchen, apparently still partly asleep. Steve and Tony watch, amused, as Bucky pokes at the coffee maker, not noticing Steve or Tony at all, or otherwise noticing and ignoring them completely.
"I saved your life." Steve says when the silence stretches on. "I've done my part. You're free to leave when you wish."
“I suggest your first song to be something humorous.” She says, completely ignoring everything Tony is saying.
“I’ll thaw you out yet, your highness.” Tony continues with a wink, and saunters off back to his armour.
, and it hurts, but so sweetly, that Steve wants to grab onto this emotion, hold it close even as he screams and sobs in pain.
“For...for being so kind.” Steve stares hard at the rock piles on the lake shore, watches the shadow deepen as the light fades over the distant horizon. “I didn’t deserve to be welcomed into your family viewing of the video, or really for you to be here comforting me, not after what I did-”
"Thanks Steve, we'll keep your advice in mind when we decide and let you know." She says, smiling warmly, and Steve shrugs.
“I said good; I’m glad you were listening in, because that means I don’t have to repeat everything I said. You heard Peter’s suggestion?”
Tony - often created a base personality, complex as well of course, but not to this extent, and built the learning systems above the base personality, leaving it untouched.
By the time he recovers, the kid is gone, and Steve is already at his side undoing the zip-ties. Tony can see Natasha step out briefly to update the team.
He makes sure to take time for himself when he feels like he needs it, overly conscious of the fact that this friendship between him and Tony is tentative at best, still a fragile, delicate thing. He does the same old thing he always does(Steve never claimed to be a particularly exciting guy), goes for runs around the compound, sketches on the balconies, continues with training for Peter and Harley, works out in the gym, and when he feels like he’s fine, he’ll wander back, ready to rejoin the fray. Tony seems to understand, and leaves him to it.
He puts down his pencil slowly when he finishes the general outline and swallows as he stares down at that handsome face that smirks up at him from the page. He reaches for the new oil pastels he bought, smudging red and gold over the paper.
Tony finally resurfaces into the land of the conscious the next day at around three in the afternoon. He stumbles into the bathroom, splashes some water in the general direction of his face and quickly brushes his teeth before he stumbles to the kitchen to seek out some coffee.
“Well of course, mocking supervillains is my favourite past-time.” Tony grins as he hops up from the chair and Steve rolls his eyes at him.
"-understatement of the century." Bucky’s in the middle of saying, shakes his head sadly. "I know you're not him Tony, but for what it's worth, I'm sorry."
As the room descends into petty squabbling and arguments and half-hearted death threats, Steve settles back contently, smiling as Tony grabs for his hand, intertwining their fingers. He kisses Tony on the forehead.
“Really.” Steve asks, voice completely flat and arms crossed, directing a very unimpressed look at the engineer currently grinning at him from the middle of their living room.
“Frodo didn’t purposely destroy the ring you ignorant swine.” Tony mutters sullenly, but drags himself off the floor to go claim a chair.
The next day when Tara pesters him(yet again) to make another video with her, Tony finds himself reluctantly agreeing.
Rogers, and you know it. Y’know you didn’t stop glaring at me through the entirety of the fight?” Steve frowns, because he actually hadn't realized he was doing that.
Afterwards, he wanders the streets a bit, hood up, and it’s amazing to see how quickly the city has rebuilt, sidewalk crowded with life once more, New Yorkers still just as resilient as they’ve always been. He sees a lot of Iron Man art plastered on city walls, and he pauses every time he sees those murals, allows himself a small smile before moving on.
They join the fray as soon as they manage to land the quinjet, and Steve pauses after he activates his staff, quickly tapping into a private line on the comms after giving out a plan of attack to the rest of the Avengers.
And despite Tony’s initial objections to Fury placing one more person under his roof without his consent, Tony has to admit to becoming rather fond of Agent Jin, and her bright and ruthlessly efficient presence.
He’s on his...third? Fourth? Aimless lap when they get the call to assemble, and Steve’s head snaps up in surprise as the alarm blares, echoing down the halls of the compound, remembering at the last second that Bucky and Sam had left a few days ago so now
Tony frowns, slightly confused. So far Steve hasn't been that active on social media, despite having had his account set up first. Tony had thought that he just hadn't known how to use any of it, or had been holding off due to unfamiliarity, but apparently not.
“More than anything,” Tony agrees quietly, and Steve feels a pang go through him at that, that Tony has to stay here with him through some misplaced sense of obligation, that Steve’s too selfish to let him leave early. “Sometimes it feels like I can barely wait a second longer to see their faces, that I’ll crawl out of my skin with it.”
I'm so sorry for doing this to y'all, cause lord knows I hate it when I get a notification for a chapter and it turns out not to be one, but I didn't know how else to get this out to you guys XD. What can ya do?
“And this hurts just as much to be honest, because Natasha is probably the one person who knows me -
That’ll come to pass and he’ll seek them out eventually. He’s gone through this routine enough times before the Avengers disbanded to know how it goes.
Tony waits for Steve’s nod before he takes his hand away. And then he pauses, looking unsure of what to say now that Steve’s fallen silent.
“Time for an old people gossip session,” Harley agrees, snickering, and Rhodey slaps them both gently on the back of the head when he goes to leave.
“I wish I could hug you too.” he looks up at Tony, give him a fond smile. “But here.” he leans over, grabs a throw pillow and hugs it to his chest, giving Tony a cheeky grin over the edge of it. “We’ll just pretend this is you. You give very nice hugs Tony.” he gives him a sincere, wide-eyed look, and Tony bursts into laughter, Steve joining in eventually, and it feels like he’s won the entire world.
Usually I write a longer end note, but it's kind of 2 am where I am and I have to wake up early tomorrow so I'm just gonna sign off here XDD. Expect some minor edits in the last two days, since I've re-read this chapter for spelling and grammar mistakes but I'm very sleep deprived so there's only so much I can catch lol. You all have been wonderfully patient with me and I appreciate it :) <3
The rest of the Avengers were either out or otherwise occupied; with Wanda training with Dr. Strange, Scott at home with Hope and Cassandra, and Bruce working in the lab. The only reason that Steve hadn’t made himself scarce as well (it is a
This time was...different. This time it wasn't any idea or interest that had caused Tony to leave, to shut everything out. Something had really shaken him, and Steve thinks back to the way Tony had looked; like he had the air punched out of him, heartbroken and mourning and desperate.
“I don’t remember.” Steve answers, even though it wasn't a question, and Tony lifts up one of the sheets at the top of the pile, signed “Steve Rogers” in cursive at the bottom. The colours on the page are vivid, of a woman with a fierce stare and victory curls, and the emotion in it so palpable that Steve wonders how he could have ever created something like that.
The room dissolves into laughter, the shouting having gained the attention of everyone, and Steve throws his arms up.
Somehow, it’s even worse than the injuries on his shoulder. There are dark marks ringing his throat, mottled burns, in a pattern, almost like fingers, but too alien, too irregular to be. The edges of the burns are purple and discoloured, like bruising. It’s not a pretty sight.
The conversation turns quickly to a possible course of action after that. Maria will report all the information gained back to Fury so that SHIELD will be on the same page, on the lookout for anything suspicious. Clint agrees to come temporarily out of retirement as a part-time agent; if there’s another nanite attack they’ll need the extra help after the last two times. Bruce, Hope and Scott will help take a look at the structure of the technology along with Tony, try and figure out a weakness. Tony promises to write a new algorithm to search for any trace of Pearl and her background and whereabouts. They discuss calling in a favour with Shuri as well, since it’s naive to assume the dealings are only concentrated in America.
But then the villain does something, and Steve doesn't know what it is, he doesn't have the monitor, and all he has to go off of is the comms, everyone is too concentrated on the fight to explain, but whatever the villain does throws the Avengers for a loop. Steve listens, tense as the comms fill with swearing and terse orders from Sam. He starts pacing at the one minute mark, energy cooped up, itching to go join the fray, to go help out.
, he can still walk around, but before he can respond, Pepper and Morgan step into the room, with Pepper stopping in the doorway looking horrified. Steve imagines he must be a sight, his upper body wrapped in white bandages. He waves weakly.
"Steve," Tony says, resigned. "I'm an AI. You did have a point with that, I'm not Tony Stark, and considering how much history you two have…"
“But, the one thing I always had trouble accepting, the one thing that kept me away from him was the fact that he couldn’t give up being Iron Man. I never realized how hard it was making it for him, the fact that he had to choose, just because I didn’t realize that he
After what feels like an hour, but could only be a couple minutes for all Steve knows, Tony finally shifts in his arms, lifting his head from where he had tucked it against Steve’s shoulder, to look him in the eyes. He looks gorgeous in the dim light, all warm brown eyes and windswept hair, and Steve feels such a strong welling of affection for him, for this perfect man he gets to love and have and hold.
“I gave over command of my kingdom to Pepper. I had wanted to do that for ages, even before the curse. I was not a good King, not a good person, and Pepper had always handled it better than me. She deserves it.”
Addilynn sighs. “Ok fair point.” She turns to Tony, joking smile turning a bit sad. “So, I’m assuming you came here to sign up for a Screen?”
“Okay, that’s not gonna work on me.” Steve says resolutely. Tony raises an eyebrow. “For long.” Steve adds reluctantly. “Why are you fixating on April 1st anyways?”
"I have been nothing but civil to you." Steve returns coldly, not appreciating this confrontation one bit, especially when he’s already physically and emotionally spent.
“Will you be coming with me?” he asks, voice small. For some reason he doesn’t want to be alone for it, but he won’t push if she doesn’t want to. Pepper thinks about it for a minute.
Tony stops abruptly in his steps because he starts laughing too hard, and Steve almost knocks him over when he runs into him.
Tony laughs at that and goes back to watching the screen. It’s been a few weeks since he crossed over apparently, and they scroll through the footage together of the rebuilding efforts and the universe healing. It’s nice.
Left to his own devices, Steve stands there for a couple more minutes, thinking over if he has any prior obligations and wondering what he should do. After some contemplation, he finally decides he should go see Bucky off (read: make sure Sam and Bucky haven’t killed each other) before he leaves.
Steve fumes as Tony continues to smirk at him, can feel his irritation rising even more somehow, because it’s not enough that Tony has to come bother him when he’s exhausted, hungry and about to keel over, it’s not enough that Steve’s left him alone because he doesn’t want to let Tony know about his hang-ups because he has a
“Why is this happening?” Tony asks, voice full of pain and guilt as he watches Steve watch the frozen figures.
“Maybe later.” he responds, and Tony sees the parallel of emotion in Steve’s eyes and gets it, the same way that Steve understood Tony as he talked about Pepper.
He piles the warmed up blankets thickly on the floor, near the fire, and drags the man unceremoniously off the bed by the ankles, trying to touch the least amount of surface area as possible.
“I…have steady hands?” It shouldn’t be possible for a hologram to look this pale, but somehow Tony manages it.
about it." Steve snarls back viciously, finally dropping his mild facade, and Tony's still glaring, but Steve doesn't stop, on a roll now, the anger having festered to a boiling point, bottled up. "It's been two years since the final battle with Thanos and I thought I was finally
“Nothing wrong with having hang-ups.” Steve reminds him again; Tony gives him a grin that Steve returns hesitantly.
Life (or rather death) continues after that. Tony gets commissioned to help out at Immigration Offices (God he still can’t get over that name) and he happily designs new methods of screening, new architecture for new arrivals to live in, and often comes home to a paint splattered Steve bickering happily with a dirt splattered Natasha. Despite the occasional moments of melancholy, or even nightmares that Steve often helps soothe away, Tony is happy, truly happy.
He basks in it for a second, because it's amazing to see after so much time spent in silence and emptiness.
“Not everything is about you Stark.” Natasha smirks, rolling her eyes. Then her expression softens into a smile. “I’m glad you two had a good time though, you guys deserve it.” Then her expression shifts into one of unholy glee. “Don’t know if there’s STDs here though so use protection. Have fun, shut the windows, I’ll be out back with earphones in if you need me.”
Steve will be the last, he knows. The last to go, so he stays down in the basement with Tony, away from the promise of corpses, and watches him work.
,” Steve begins, picking up steam. “-improved on the EMP just in case of another future incident, took into account all the people a widespread pulse could put in danger, installed it into the armours, was ready to fight with us on a
“Oh here.” Peter says, as he finally stops on a page of questions. “The homework sections said to do 8.3 to 8.6…”
“It doesn't need to be a serious video, you could take a song and write an Avengers parody for all I care, people love that stuff.”
Anyways, I plan to flesh out more of the details during the summer break, but until then, this is what you're stuck with for now. As always, thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed :)
Bucky smiled sadly, "You'd be surprised. We've all realized at this point that Tony is kind of generous to a fault, even when he tries to hide it. You too, since you're basically him."
Steve nods, and figures that’s the end of the conversation, but then Pepper surprises him when she continues.
“Okay, so I’m assuming I did something...said something? And it was upsetting. So I’m going to talk about my point of view, starting from the phone call okay? Because you mentioned that specifically.” Tony doesn’t make any verbal response, so Steve keeps talking.
“Just for that little comment, you’re the one going to wrangle her when it comes time for her lessons.” Tony grumbles good naturedly to Steve as they start heading back to the castle. “‘Only works on your daddy’ huh. We’ll
Steve’s hand lies casually on the table as he speaks. Eventually the temptation proves to be too much for Tony and he reaches out and takes Steve’s hand, entwining their fingers on the table. Steve falters, a blush spreading over his face as he smiles down at his food before he continues talking.
"Uh huh. Sure.” Tony says tersely, lips thinning to a line when he presses them together. “That little comment you made during the battle. You call that civil?"
are we a pair. Anyways. Can’t promise I’ll take you up on the offer though.” Tony shrugs. “You know me.”
It’s been quite a while. Tony’s...actually not entirely sure how long it’s been since that day in the screening room, time is a bit finicky here in the Afterlife, and he finds that he’s started to mark things down as momentous events rather than days and units. The day Steve arrives is another one of those markers.
He dodges the shots from her arm braces, gets close enough to warrant hand to hand combat, and engages in a fight with her. She’s worryingly good, and she manages to get a few shots in, but once the rest of the Avengers seem to realize where the real threat is and converge, there isn’t really a competition. She’s fast, and dodges hits from all of them, shooting back, but it’s only a matter of time before one of them lands, and then it’ll be over.
"Hey." she says quietly, taking a seat beside him on the bench, shifting Morgan a bit so that she's still sleeping comfortably on her shoulder. Steve turns to look at her, manages to muster up a small smile. "Hi."
“Pepper!” Tony cries, and then his face goes abruptly pale as they keep watching. The image retreats to reveal her surroundings. Dark and dank stone walls. Bars. A dark skinned man leaning against her in a heap. He’s bleeding, and she looks sickly and pale, an unhealthy pallor that speaks of weeks of mistreatment.
, life-changing even. I feel betrayed, I've been lead on by your friendly demeanor and wholesome good looks, this is false advertisement. Stop
The rest of the team are collapsed in chairs around the kitchen table in various states of dress, each with a cup of coffee in front of them. Tony stumbles towards the coffee machine, and without looking away from what he’s cooking, Steve calmly hands him a steaming cup.
It’s a long ingrained habit at this point, born out of years of leading the Howling Commandos and later on the Avengers, and of course he’s no longer team leader, but it doesn’t stop him nitpicking at the little mistakes in his head, how he could have been better, if only he had done
It's up to his shoulders, creeping towards his neck when the fire finally catches, the wood smoking and bursting into flames. Steve releases the pull hurriedly and then darts forward to  skirt around the fire.
Steve can't continue on, breathes coming sharply, and he sinks down to the base of the door, forehead still pressed to it.
Tony at the beginning, how he had seemed amiably shocked to be laughing everytime Steve said something snarky, how Steve had tried to be as much of a little shit as possible, just to hear that laugh again.
The Avengers all troop in with varying degrees of exhaustion, and no one even attempts to hide it. Clint yawns loudly and promptly falls asleep in his chair.
With all the excitement of today, Steve had almost forgotten that it's still the second anniversary of Tony Stark's death. It’s an icy shock, the fact that he managed to forget briefly, and Steve leans on the wall just outside the doorway, heart heavy.
There's also enough bloopers and swearing to make up a twenty minute video which is a testimony to how much fun Tony actually had.
They calm down after that, the afternoon seeming all the brighter for their laughter, and Pepper tells Steve all about Morgan’s progress in school and events at SI.
The ride back to the compound is somber, and Steve wishes he could say something to break the tense and silent mood, but he’s kind of too exhausted to think of anything, so instead he sits there quietly and thinks over the battle.
don’t want any journalists sniffing around asking questions about who’s piloting the armour because who knows what trouble
Steve frowns and mouths ‘Steve the captain america’ at Tony because why, and Peter rolls his eyes in good humour and says “Handwritten, Tony. Because they’re worried about cheating. Handwritten. Means written by hand. With no electricity involved.”
Steve had seen first hand - battered veterans during the war, flinching at noises that echo of gunshots, the way an errant tool around the house could make Pepper break down crying even months after the final battle. How sometimes all it took was a vague reminder - even now - a certain shade of red that reminds him abruptly of Natasha's fiery hair, the battered flip phone that Steve keeps tucked away in a box so he won't have to look at it. It doesn't take much to be the straw that breaks a back.
He laughs into the snow until he’s gasping for air, happier than he’s been in months, composes himself enough when Tony comes to get him and drag him up the hill.
Clint shakes his head at Steve, bemused. “Did Tony give all of us illegal fugitives access to his top secret lab after we beat each other up in an airport? Um no. You though? I’m not that surprised. You two have always had a complicated relationship.”
“Sometimes it seems like a dream, y’know?” Tony’s saying, trailing his fingers along a snowdrift that’s piled to waist height. “That I survived. That in a couple of days I might get to see them. That we can leave and reverse all this.”
He walks down the halls of the compound and is surprised to find that he’s actually the first person up, despite the fact that it’s now almost afternoon. Everyone else is probably still sleeping in, and Steve figures after the harrowing battle yesterday, it’s a much deserved rest, especially considering how late in the evening the debriefing had dragged to. It’s a testament to how little sleep Steve’s serum enhanced body needs, the fact that he’s the first up despite his late bedtime.
Fortunately, the process turned out to be relatively painless however, although it took a bit more equipment and less spiritual-magic stuff than Steve had anticipated. Addilynn had talked them through it the first time, slapping high tech looking watches to their wrists and running through the rules of a Visit. Tony had snorted when it came to the explanation of why all the equipment is needed. Addilynn had raised an amused eyebrow in question, to which Tony responded with
Despite what Fury’s ordered, it's another two weeks before the plan actually gets put into action. There's about one and a half taking over the world incidents, a run in with Justin Hammer (ugh) and a couple of minor villains to deal with, so everyone is understandably Not In The Mood ™ when Fury calls them to SHIELD headquarters to finally introduce them to their new social media consultant.
Steve ends up cannibalizing one of his chairs. It's covered in a thick layer of ice, but there's really nothing to be done about it as Steve hurriedly smashes it against the floor to get to the wood and cloth, and then piles up the splintered pieces next to the bed. The man is not in good shape, and Steve will probably be too late by the time he finally manages to get the stupid fire going.
From there on, he’s towed all throughout the compound as they make phone calls, drag Bruce and Scott out of the lab, drag Wanda out of her room, and order food. Steve makes sure to extend the invitation to Pepper, Happy, Rhodey and Morgan as well, but they can’t make it since they’re preparing to head to SI(Rhodey’s still on duty as well), so Steve shrugs, promises to visit (because Morgan is enthusiastically shouting things at him in the background while Pepper laughs), and moves onto the next person to invite.
Somehow Steve remembers these names. Howard is brought up a couple times, but only scarcely, and Tony gets a pinched look every time he’s mentioned, so Steve learns not to talk about him.
Steve puts down his pencil in the face of their indecision and smiles happily to himself as he listens to them, the sun casting it’s rays through the window, lining everything in gold.
There’s a moment of shocked silence from Tony, where Steve continues to fight, (and really, at this point Steve’s barely paying attention but still holding his own, they’re kind of awful at hand-to-hand combat) and then;
But it’s not, and he has to figure this out, how things are gonna be now, because Steve’s the one who found him, who activated him, accident or no. He’s responsible.
But their worries seem to be for nothing, because Morgan stops short of making physical contact with Tony, choosing instead to stop at his feet, bouncing on her toes in excitement and barely contained energy.
Tony spends more time in the warmth of his forges after that, working feverishly, and Steve does too. There aren’t as many duties anymore, as the population dwindles.
“My primary objective.” the AI says quietly, and smiles, and Steve can’t breathe again, because it’s a warm smile, one of Tony’s
After everyone had arrived back at the cabin, (Pepper and Happy had apparently cleaned up the cups beforehand, thankfully otherwise that would have made for some questions from the Avengers seeing that they had not in fact been the ones doing the pranking) Nat had stayed for an hour before she had taken one last look around at everyone and smiled, nodding in a satisfied manner before citing that she wanted to return early to work on the garden a bit more.
It feels wrong to leave, even if he can no longer figure out why, so he doesn’t. Steve stays there that entire night, and mourns, because that’s what he’s done for his fallen people in the past.
“What did you just say you wanted us to do? Did I hear that correctly, or have I accidentally inhaled too many workshop fumes again?”
There’s a loud resounding cheer and then everyone piles into their cars to go, Steve, Tony and Nat trailing behind once again.
Luckily, Steve hadn't scheduled any training today, and his morning was pretty free, so he had no prior obligations to drag himself out of bed for.
Not really sure how to respond, Steve decides the best course of action is probably to at least enter the room first. He closes the door behind him, and sits down quietly beside Tony, who’s as rigid as a board and staring resolutely at the floor. The bed dips from Steve’s weight, but it doesn’t affect the hologram much; the image flickering briefly at the shift.
Bucky smiles at him sadly, understanding him perfectly without any words exchanged, knowing that Steve had gone back, had visited for that last dance, hugged Peggy and her wonderful husband, said a tearful goodbye.
Steve spends the last stretch of the journey debriefing the rest of the Avengers on what they’re up against, a minor group of villains and their henchmen causing havoc in Manhattan, doesn’t seem like anything they can’t handle.
“Still, there’s no point when my arm would be all healed up in a week or two.” Peter says with a shrug, flipping through his textbook. He pauses, looks back up at the AI. “...thank you though, for offering. And I haven’t said this yet but…what you did for me in the battle too. Thank you.”
“Oh, don’t you bring Steve into this you little shit, you know it wouldn’t hurt you to have a little help-”
The room holds a sort of stunned silence as everyone except Steve absorbs this new information. It’s the primary and tertiary objectives that they’re all really stuck on, Steve knows. Peter looks like he’s about to cry.
“Why do you ask?” Tony continues as he watches Bruce scroll through his systems with an increasingly perplexed look and Steve directs his mind back to the conversation. Curious, Peter also gets up to take a look at the screen.
“But it went over so well! You did amazing” She said smiling happily at him. “I underestimated your star power.
The job would usually be perfect for the Black Widow, and none of them are saying it, but really they’re all thinking it. Bucky is assigned to it instead, and Steve hurts at the reminder of Natasha, can see it on everyone else’s face too. Even Fury looks a bit worse for wear as he dismisses them.
of the years Steve had dealt with them, not even calling them heartless for declining to show up in public. Instead they had seemed to respect their choice, left them alone to mourn in peace. It’s thoroughly decent, and it says something about Steve’s life, that out of everything that has happened in the last two years, the press leaving them alone is the thing he finds weird.
Steve helps her clear out the table after and wash the dishes, and then Pepper prepares coffee and sets down a plate of cookies on the table. They sit for a while and talk, arguing about how to eat oreos and dunking them in coffee.
Tony laughs and puts down his armour, offering Steve his hand, and Steve’s helpless to do anything but follow.
Fury sighs and visibly gives up trying to be professional about this. “Alright team, I’ll keep this short and sweet. This is Agent Jin.” The girl looks up from her laptop to give everyone a perfunctory nod, before going back to furiously typing. “She’s your PR consultant, and as a result shall be living with you in your little superhero tower. No you do not have a choice in the matter Stark.” Fury adds when Tony opens his mouth. “She’ll be moving in effective immediately, and I want all your accounts set up by tomorrow.” Fury looked to Agent Jin, and she looked up to give the Director a nod.
“Be. Scared. Of. Me.” he yells, clapping in between each word to emphasize his sentence. Tony snorts in response.
ass on the line rn. Fury expects results and so far you’ve all given me a whole bunch of nothing. It's either this, or cat videos. And you don't have a cat.”
Tony,” Bruce says quietly into the resulting silence, the first glimpse of vulnerability Steve has seen from Bruce today, and you wouldn’t think it to look at him, but he’s remarkably good at hiding what he’s actually feeling when he wants to.
Steve watches, horrified, as the mass easily demolishes a low building, chunks of concrete falling onto the street as Bruce blocks civilians from getting killed by them.
The kiss is languid and slow at first, but quickly turns into something heated, Tony parting Steve’s lips with his tongue so he can slide inside, taste him, and Steve’s mouth is so warm, and the noises he makes absolutely sinful. Tony pushes in closer, pressed body to body, Steve’s hands settling around his waist, which is a good thing because Tony’s knees might have given out as Steve continues to kiss Tony within an inch of his life, and does he even have knees anymore, because at this point Tony might just be a puddle of happy goo.
Steve gathers his expression into something not disgustingly sappy before lifting his face from his hands. He imagines his expression is currently set in what Tony dubs as the “Captain America face” despite how many times Steve reminds Tony that he’s no longer Captain America. Tony is currently grinning happily at him, his fake hurt expression dropped, eyes warm, and Steve feels heat bloom across his face again at how
of being childish.” Steve says testily. “What exactly are you trying to achieve with this ambush Tony?”
Also just a disclaimer that I'll try and upload/write the chapters as frequently as possible, but I can't promise anything, so just be forewarned when reading this fic. I managed to post three chapters within the same day because I had finished them first before deciding to put it on AO3.
He slowly gets up from the couch and carries her back to her bedroom, tucking her into bed. He hears a faint, “Uncle Steve?” when he goes to turn off the lights and turns to see Morgan awake again.
Tony gulps as his eyes drift shut, his hand coming up to press against Steve’s chest. “The vines disappeared when I told you I loved you. And your lungs collapsed because of it. You saved my life
“Tony?” Nat says tentatively, squeezing his shoulder. “We don’t have to do this today if you’re not ready yet. It took me a bit before I could bring myself to look.”
Of course, physically, he looks the same as always. No bags under the eyes, no manifestation of his weariness in the holographic image.
. She seems happy though, truly happy in the first time in almost five years. It’s a good look on her.
“Thank you so much,” Rhodey says quietly, giving him a smile. Steve waves his hand in response, “No hassle, don’t worry about it.”
The silence is absolutely horrible, and Steve is petrified there, that he went ahead and said all of it in a moment of weakness, no holds barred, despite his resolve not to include Tony in his own problems and hangups, and now he doesn't know how to fix it.
” Tony’s voice is hoarse and choked, eyes wide and appalled, and his hands come up, holographic fingers brushing across his collarbone, the hollow of his throat. Steve shivers, feeling the phantom touch on sensitive skin.
Tony makes sure to discreetly give Fury the finger when he settles back into his chair and starts fiddling with his phone again.
him what he meant first before ambushing him, because no, this is not the time. “-besides, I was only discussing this entire thing with her because I was, one; worried
“Thank you Sam, I’m fine.” She says with a smile when he keeps fussing over her. Then she fixes Tony with a stare. “You can sing.” She says, pointing.
Steve blinks up at Tony in surprise, and then feels a small bittersweet smile curl his lips. “...I do.”
He wanders a bit through the familiar halls of the compound, rebuilt to how it was before, and can't really find anyone at the moment, short of sticking his head into people's bedrooms, which he figures is a bit rude, so he heads for the communal kitchen instead. He could call someone, but he doesn't really have a cell phone on him at the moment, there wasn't a need for one at Pepper's, they have a landline. So instead he settles down at a corner of the counter to wait. He figures someone is bound to show up at some point.
Bucky and Sam’s aren’t too far away from Natasha, and he manages to speak to Bucky’s statue a bit this time, once he gets over the shock of it, voice hoarse. He talks to Sam as well, doubles back to Natasha to talk to her too, because if she had still been here, still been warm and speaking, she would’ve kicked his ass if he had ignored her.
Bucky kicks Sam in retaliation, but Steve can tell neither of them really mean it. It's the camaraderie born of people who are close friends and have become attuned and accustomed to working together.
When Rhodey comes to visit, there will be times that he’ll freeze and have to leave the room, leave the house even, go down and stand by the lake to recover, and it’s hours and hours before he even manages to crack a smile again.
Tony watches all of it, straight through, watches as he’s carried off the field by a broken and battered looking Steve, with Rhodey, Thor and Pepper with her arms around Peter following behind. He watches as everyone kneels in mourning and respect as the procession makes their way by, how his name is whispered through the fields almost like a prayer, in gratitude.
Tony wrinkles his nose and greatly refrains from letting out another exasperated ‘ugh’. “Call me Tony.”
“If I had to hazard a guess?” Bruce says, sounding hesitant. “It’s not a particularly logical explanation if I’m gonna be entirely honest, it leaves a lot of questions unanswered, but the most likely hypothesis...possibly, maybe...because he wanted someone to keep us company?...not just an AI for the compound.”
“Um, you sure you don’t want some help there bud?” Steve says, voice full of amusement as he watches Peter lean heavily on his pencil, face contorting when the writing goes wonky. Tony gives Steve an annoyed look when he notices how Steve’s still struggling not to laugh at Tony’s expression, to which he responds with a shrug.
. I was just worried and confused about why you left because from only my point of view, nothing unusual had happened, and so my mind just went there, but I wasn’t trying to - Pepper didn’t mean anything bad either by the way, she kinda just understood what I meant and so I didn’t actually say all of what I was thinking out loud, I mean, you only heard a bit of what I said to Pepper and you just -”
“Tony.” Steve interrupts gently, and Tony falls silent in the middle of his babbling before sniffing suddenly, wiping away the tears that are tracking down his face.
“So,” Pepper says, taking a bite of the oreo as it is, which Steve argues is treasonous. “How goes things at the compound?”
They kiss for a couple minutes by the lake, cool night air rushing around them, the moon rising slowly as the sky dims to black. Eventually they pull apart, and Tony offers Steve a hand up, pulling him to his feet as their friends and family talk and laugh and pack up, preparing to leave.
“Well, I think Scott is just traveling with his family right now, although he checks in every once and a while. Clint’s doing okay, still grieving a bit, but then again, we all are.” he says, smiling ruefully when Pepper pats him on the arm.
“Well, I guess privacy is no longer a thing.” Steve comments flatly, giving him a tight smile instead of acknowledging anything else Tony had said. Tony glares at him.
his chest that really takes Steve by surprise. There are black vines that spread across in a vice-like grip, the edges digging into his golden skin, lines of red where they’re deep enough to draw blood. At the center of Tony’s chest though, is a metal contraption with a light blue glow, clamped over the violent black vines.
He listens to people slowly trickle away, saying their goodbyes and leaving with their families, now whole.
When Steve sends back an utterly ridiculous picture of half his smiling face with Clint in the background attempting to balance a pickle on his nose, Tony figures it’s a worthwhile trade.
“Is Peggy here?” Tony asks, and Natasha startles a bit, eyes glued to the scene before them. She wipes away some tears before answering.
“Thank you Steve. But being a superhero once is enough for me.” she smiles. “Rhodey has been back a couple times when he can spare moments between missions, but I don’t think he’s opened it either. Or if he has, he hasn’t told me. Happy’s the same as me, hasn’t gone back to the compound.”
And with that the door closes with a perfunctory click, leaving Tony to wonder if he should feel insulted.
Plus he hasn’t truly left the compound in quite a while - calls to assemble notwithstanding - and even he can admit he’s kind of becoming a hermit.
Tony looks at her questioningly. “Saw?” he asks. Natasha’s eyes widens and she laughs again, eating the rest of her hot dog in another bite.
He probably looks like a disgusting mess himself, because Steve knows for a fact that he's not an attractive crier, but he laughs wetly, sniffs. "Well," he says, voice a croak, "You know me. I live for the drama." He wipes clumsily at his eyes, sinks down a bit to sit on the floor, but then Tony walks forward.
“Look, I don’t know okay, time travel is weird, you’re the one who knows how to do all that physics shit, mister genius playboy billionaire philanthropist.”
It's about hundred meters up when there's a pulse of light, and there's a moment where nothing happens, where the behemoth is still destroying everything in its path, where Steve's staff still glows a deadly blue, and then suddenly, everything dies.
Steve knows he most likely looks ridiculous, in an old t-shirt and sweatpants, undoing a gaudy pink apron as if it’s lingerie, but he’s not trying to look like anything else, and it pays off when Peter almost snorts orange juice up his nose. Harley has buried his face on the tabletop, shoulders shaking in silent laughter, Wanda, Sam and Bucky are not even trying to restrain themselves. Even Bruce is snickering into his hand.
Tony doesn’t mean to, really he doesn’t, he’s just trying to find the bathroom, and really why the hell does this bodily function still exist here in the afterlife, it’s completely illogical, but he overhears a bit of their conversation on the way back downstairs.
He hesitated when it comes to how to light it. It's so cold here, there's literally nothing he can use...
It’s only twenty minutes later that someone else comes to bother him. The person sets down a coffee mug next to his elbow.
“It was what Tony had said after he started babbling and...Pepper what is it? What does it mean? Is everything ok? Is it something bad?”
“You’ve watched that movie? I’m surprised.” he says, and Tony gives him an unspeakably offended look, which is hilarious.
Steve can't help but wince in apology as the man crashes onto the blankets, and then hurriedly tosses another warmed blanket over him. Throughout it all, he doesn't stir.
Then Tony grabs some pad paper and a pen and quickly scribbles out “Happy April 1st ;)))”, taking care to mimic Barton’s handwriting and sticks it on the screen door to the backyard before they all settle down to the stairwell in order to wait.
Natasha responds with a small but warm smile. Clint gives Agent Jin an offended look, “What am I, chopped liver?”
“So Agent,” Natasha finally says, after a few minutes of comfortable silence. “Since you'll be living with us for who knows how long, got a first name to your last??”
see the sights?"), asks her how everyone is doing, and they have a brief conversation. Then Steve goes to leave the room and he accidentally catches Tony's eye from where the hologram is leaning against the lab bench, watching Steve with an unreadable look on his face. He gives Tony a small nod, and exits.
The nightmare had him chasing after them, always a step behind, always too late, knowing they're about to die, that inescapable knowledge pushing behind each step, steady beat of
So instead of helping out with the aftermath, Steve sits worriedly in SHIELD medical with the rest of the team as Peter is checked over and eventually cleared, ribs and broken arm already healing, and then sits quietly through the SHIELD debriefing, dutifully making his interjections when prompted.
“Shellhead.” Steve attempts to give him a dry look, but probably messes that up because he can’t quite hold in a fond smile. Tony laughs.
There’s a moment of silence and then everyone starts laughing. Loki rolls his eyes, but is welcomed into the group with surprising warmth. Thor can’t seem to stop smiling the rest of the day.
They have way too much fun showing Steve around after that, who looks around in wide-eyed wonder, and starts a brief conversation with every stranger that says hello to him on the street, beaming smile on his face until Tony and Natasha have to drag him away to laughter and the general amusement of all.
enough that he’s willing to give him up if that’s what Steve wants, even though it looks like it’s physically painful, and how could Tony ever even
“There is an old curse, back in my land.” Tony begins, picking at the hem of his jacket. Even being near him lights up Steve’s side with faint warmth, and Steve tries to concentrate on what Tony is saying instead of that.
Then comes Clint, Sam and Bucky in that order. There’s a great deal of crying and hugging for those reunions, and they all somehow end up in a gigantic pile on the couch, watching old Friends re-runs.
“This is not how I imagined the day would go when I woke up this morning.” he mutters at the ceiling, and there are a couple quiet snickers and then silence, waiting once again.
“I see you have yet to post or respond to any of your requests.” Tara says, somehow having made it into his workshop despite him having locked it. Shield access codes. Ugh.
“No, I suppose there wasn’t really a way to transfer that. I don’t remember anything beyond what I’ve seen so far, and the fact that I know all of you. I also have a bit of cursory knowledge about all of your backgrounds, your relations to each other and me.” Tony makes a scrunched up face at Bruce. “That,” He says, pointing at him. “feels really weird.” indicating at where Bruce is flicking through code. “Ouch. Stop that. This is harassment.”
“The Yinsen thing. I talked to Pepper today. Well. Actually, Pepper, Rhodey and Happy. Apparently they all knew. They don’t know everything of course, and I’m not sure I’m ready to disclose it all yet. I got some...working theories about why I froze up in the lab that I’m not ready to talk about but. Yeah.”
“Dude. Really?” Peter asks incredulously. Bucky rolls his eyes. “It was the only one left at the dollar store. Sue me.”
There’s speculation on why exactly Stane chose to destroy Winter as well - because Steve was a strong ally of Howard’s, because Stane wanted the Winter Kingdom, because convincing Howard to go find Steve was an effective cover for his death. The fact remains though, that Stane had wanted the Summer throne for himself, and Tony’s departure had been the slow catalyst to unseating the throne and taking it.
They have a very nice date, with Steve listening intently as Tony jabbers on about his work, which is really just tinkering at this point, (although Addilynn has taken to asking Tony for repairs and adjustments of various equipment, so Tony figures it’s really only a matter of time before he’s designing for the Afterlife, and isn’t
“Not on purpose.” Tony snaps defensively when he glances over sees Steve’s expression. “If you had wanted a private conversation you should have left the compound.” He hunches over further.
Steve resolutely ignores the sharp pain of the displaced curse underneath his own ribs, as the vines burrow deeper into his lungs, and listens silently to Tony talk about improving the armour quicker so that they can leave and figure out what’s happening to Steve and his kingdom.
The silence is heavy after Tony’s confession, because Steve can’t think of a single thing to say, even though he knows now that Tony will be offended if he doesn’t give a response.
she had said with a happy grin, and Steve didn’t see any reason to refuse, so they had set to work a couple days later, sketching out designs, discussing it with fellow artists, talking out paint options. It gave Steve something to do and he couldn’t be happier about it.
“Sorry about calling you in two seconds after you arrive back Scott.” Wanda says at one point and Scott shrugs.
“This topic is not up for debate. We have a PR issue I intend to fix as soon as possible, so I have assigned a junior SHIELD agent to help you work on the image you’re trying to project. She’ll get all of you setup for the standard sites needed, and everything you post will have to be approved by her first. I expect results by next week.”
“Captain Rogers, you all work in the limelight anyways, and I’m hardly asking you to write and post an autobiography. Just a couple of sites, certain comments here and there, maybe a short video or two. I’m not telling you to spill all your deepest darkest secrets, I’m asking for some control of your image.”
“It was always too late. You don’t need to apologize.” Steve murmurs numbly, feeling the warmth spread up his arm, and Tony looks up at him sadly.
"No." Tony finally declares with a playful grin. "I'm not bothering you at all, your Highness. In fact I am a
Despite the front that Tony tends to put up, he’s actually looking forward to spending some time with Steve. With all the superheroing they’ve been doing, as well as the Stark Industries business deals and the new upgrades he’s had to put in, he’s barely seen Steve in person beyond communal meals and Steve dragging him out of the lab to sleep and eat. They snapchat frequently of course, but that’s hardly a substitute for actual human company.
The man stares and starts cursing under his breath, standing up abruptly to pace back towards his makeshift cot near the still crackling fire. He looks agitated, and Steve sits up slowly from his lean against the wall to watch him.
It was only when Sam had given him a curious look and a raised eyebrow an hour later that Tony realized somewhere along the way, he’d started unobtrusively singing. Way quieter than the original songs of course, because Tony’s larynx doesn't do...that. Sam didn't seem to mind the quiet humming and muttering of lyrics as a backdrop to the whirring of machinery. And so without any further complaints, Tony had gone back to programming, absentmindedly singing under his breath. He loses himself in his work.
He brushes a hand through the dust, and the table underneath lights up, holographic schematics flickering to life above the smooth glass-like surface. One of the last projects Tony had worked on here.
From Steve’s vantage point, he can only see Tony’s face, not Morgan’s since she’s facing away, but it really says it all, that look of awe as Morgan starts babbling at him a mile a minute, talking about how much she missed him, and how “Mommy explained that you’re an AI that’s so cool!” and “it’s okay, I love you 3000 anyways, even though Happy says you don’t remember much”.
“Ugh.” Quantum sighs, a tad over-dramatically if you ask Tony, before he slaps the side of his watch. Tony curses as a low sound frequency pulses out from the device and he’s immediately hit with a wave of dizziness and nausea. The room spins, and Tony shuts his eyes to try to minimize the effect.
“I figured when I called him that he was just preoccupied. It happened all the time with human Tony, he’d get distracted down in his workshop-” Pepper’s voice becomes tinged with fondness as she says this, “-but. Steve is everything okay?”
Peter nods, still laughing. “I don’t know about you man,” he says, directing the first part to Harley. “Since we don’t go to the same school, but our gym teacher basically pulls out those videos at every single opportunity. He brings out a TV with a tape.”
Tony flickers out immediately, and at the same moment there’s a loud cracking sound from a corner of the room and then a whir. Scott startles badly and swears; the room tenses as an old generation Iron Man armour assembles from the suitcase that snapped open, the unassuming box sitting unnoticed in the corner of the room until now. Bruce seems to be the only one unsurprised.
then we take back everything we said.” Steve says dryly, slipping into banter despite himself, and Tony laughs, giving him a pleasantly surprised look.
been four days, and any previous conversation you've had with me in those four days haven't involved your holographic self, so I'm assuming this visit in particular is a bit more special??" Steve smiles innocently up at Tony, blinking unassumingly and Tony scoffs.
Morgan scrunches up her face adorably as she thinks this question over. “Cool.” she eventually says with a decisive nod. Steve nods solemnly back. “Then you’re right Morgan, I’m an actual real life mummy.”
Tony’s brows furrow in confusion. “Guide me? To where? Wait — is this some Alice in Wonderland kind of shit? But, like, a creepier version of it. I fell down the rabbit hole and now I’m Alice while you’re the White Rabbit?”
Tony’s mouth is open but no voice emits from his throat. Next, he tries to mouth the word, but that also doesn’t work. Eventually, the engineer stops trying, and there’s dubious look etched on his face as he blinks.
Currently, they’re in the common area. Clint and Thor are busy preparing a late lunch, Bruce is seated in the armchair, reading a medical journal while Natasha’s cleaning her guns in front of the coffee table. Steve’s sitting on one side of the couch while Tony’s on the other end.
“Thank you, Sir,” is the soft reply, laden with understanding that's mixed with exasperation. “After all, I am here to protect and look after you. That is my prime objective. While I understand your concern about Captain Rogers and the others, they only operate the way they do for your best interest. It is, after all, your safety that we are most concerned about.”
Holy shit, Tony thinks. Well, looks like that opportunity has come, even if that means he has to steal Thor’s thunder. No pun intended.
“J, where are they?” Tony inquires as he jumps on the roof of an abandoned taxi and starts shooting repulsor blasts at the aliens closest to him.
“You really think I’m worthy?” He asks, not expecting an answer but is astonished when the humming intensifies. Tony swallows past the lump that quickly grows in his throat, and it’s through sheer force of will and stubbornness that he manages to say, “Nah, girl. This is probably just a one-time thing. I’m pretty sure I’m gonna crash in the next couple of hours, so I’m chalking this up to another accident, because God knows this night’s been a clusterfuck from one thing to another. And there’s no way this is gonna happen again.”
Three days have passed since that night when Steve comforted Tony. The morning after that, he noticed that the engineer looked infinitely better, but the dark circles under his eyes is still present, however less prominent. Plus, he was also wearing clothes more appropriate for the summer season. Though Steve couldn’t help but keep a closer eye on the engineer after that incident, thinking that it’s better to remain vigilant in case it happens again. Especially upon remembering what Bruce told them before about Tony’s body temperature being nearly 2 degrees lower than the average person’s. Still, he hopes nothing like that doesn’t happen again, but knowing their — and Tony’s, for that matter — luck, it’s better to be safe than sorry. It definitely helps that Steve informed the others of what occurred that night, so now they’re constantly on the look out for another relapse of their teammate.
He lets out a shaky breath, doesn’t miss to catch sight of Bruce’s left hand twitching from his position beside Steve. Steve, who’s still standing and staring at Tony with a worried look.
