They chatted for a few minutes longer about their trips and Steve gave James the number to their cottage in Ballycastle. James attempted to shoo Clint out of his office so he couldn’t eavesdrop and ruin his surprise but when Clint refused to leave, James just switched to Irish instead. Steve had always been a bit envious of how easy languages were for him.
By the time dessert rolled around, they were all sitting around the table with half-finished apple pie slices from earlier chatting.
Steve helps Tony deal with the toll killing takes on a person while reminding him of his worth. James confesses.
“Like I got run over,” he said, laughing and instantly regretting it, sucking in a sharp breath. “I know I got stabbed but I don’t remember it hurting this much at the time.”
“Good morning, Timothy, love,” she said, once he was at the steering wheel, adjusting the mirror so he could see her. He nodded his head at her and smiled.
“True. He actually told me once that he’s not a people person. As if that’s not the second thing I noticed about him after his eyes,” Clint said instead of saying his thighs because he wanted to say his thighs. “And I had no clue who he was. I never knew what Dmitri did for work,” he laughed. “So I walked up to James and clapped him on the back and said ‘how ya doing?’ Not my best moment.”
Now it was James’ turn to feel the sting of truth. It didn’t hit him as harshly as it did Steve. Whereas Steve saw failure on his part to be what Tony needed, James saw it for what it was—a chance. A chance for Clint to heal. It hurt to know he wasn’t the one who could do all of the healing but he’d known going into their relationship that he wouldn’t always be the one Clint needed, not when Natalia existed, and he didn’t resent that. He was glad someone could do for Clint whatever James could not.
Steve knocked on the door and Dmitri opened it, nodding politely to Steve and giving Dugan a small smile.
“I’ll do my best,” Steve promised, nodding and feeling appreciative for Clint and the things he’d done for Tony. He’d have to remember to thank him for it. “Whenever you’re ready, love. But uh… how did you two talk? James was really broken up when he found Clint’s hearing aids.”
This last week, ever since Tony and Steve had left, his mood had been on a gradual decline and nothing James had done yet had helped. He had offered for Clint to call Tony but Clint had shaken his head and seemed almost annoyed that James would suggest it.
“Good thing you hired him as your accountant because your math skills are severely lacking. He’s got at least four reasons—you, Sarah, a home, a job—or five, if I may be so bold and assume he has any thoughts towards me other than ‘scary’.”
“That’s more than a start, let’s go,” James said, causing Steve to look over at him. Steve was usually the one ready to jump at the first sign of anything. James was not. He was the one who calculated every step and then calculated it again. Steve worried moving so fast might be the wrong move.
Pepper met with Tony at the Owl’s Head park together with two of her younger siblings who were eager to have a new friend to play with.
“Out of surgery and in his room across the hall. Thought I’d give James and Sarah some time. He’s still sedated and sleeping. How’s your pain? Do you want me to get you anything?”
Tony chuckled. “The only reason I’m looking up at you instead of devouring this is because I like you just a little bit more than I do the stew. Just a little bit.”
Steve processed this for a second. That seemed like a very good idea. A bunch of birds with one stone too. He could ask him out, see where he works, and if he asked for a tour he could also get a little extra time with Tony and get to know him more. That is, if he said yes.
Steve froze, his arm in the air mid-way to the sandbag as he whipped his head around to see Tony standing there. He dropped his arm, his muscles aching now that he actually took a breath. He brushed his floppy fringe back away from his face, pulling the sleeve of his shirt up to wipe away the sweat.
“It’s no whiskey but I thought apple juice is better than nothing,” Tony joked lightly as he poured the four of them the juice and handed everyone a glass. They chatted about terrible hospital food, uncomfortable beds and their need to sleep in their own beds again and Tony was glad they were able to talk about anything other than what happened and their injuries.
there with them. Not only that but he also had the audacity to act as if he hadn’t just given Tony all kinds of ideas.
“No. Would I like it? Yes,” Steve said, his eyes closed as he rubbed his temple, a headache blossoming. “I just wanna do right by him.”
” Before Tony could answer, Benni left again and closed the door. Tony couldn’t help but notice how his mother and Benni were so alike. For a second he could have sworn that it was Maria who had smiled at him. And just like their mother, Benni was endlessly kind and loving, despite everything.
Steve continued to look out the window but couldn’t stop the smile on his lips. Pinky nodded, grinning, and didn’t ask any more questions for the next few minutes as he turned a corner and pulled up in front of a fairly nice building with a large garage attached to it.
From that simple statement Tony had more questions than answers. None that he would ask now but things he would like to know, if Steve wanted to share the information with him. “I don’t understand,” Tony said. He didn’t understand why any of this happened. Why Steve knew what was going on. Why a hug made him cry. Why Sarah was so relaxed about it all. Men didn’t cry. Especially not Stark men. Though… Tony wasn’t a real Stark, was he?
Steve and James watched from behind, wishing they’d done more, hurt him more so he couldn’t even speak. How he found the strength, the will, to talk to that boy like that when he knew his torturers were five feet away and more than willing to let him have it was beyond them.
Naturally they had made the accommodations as uncomfortable as possible. It was a dark warehouse near the piers in Red Hook with concrete floors and walls, a busted in window towards the back that therefore provided little to no relief from the cold, and dripping pipes. Steve had come into possession of it after a man on his protection payroll had failed to keep up.
Tony could have cried from the relief he felt. He wouldn’t, he never did. But those words meant the world to him. Howard wouldn’t get to him. Or Benni. He didn’t know where they were.
A/N: we both already knew (and have been re-informed) that Irish is the most common name of the language. Irish Gaelic is still not incorrect and we mean no disrespect by calling it Gaelic throughout the fic instead of simply Irish. In all honesty, we did it for the sake of one pun that we refused to not include.
He considered asking Tony more questions. He wanted to know all about him. His likes, his dislikes, especially what things he hated so he could keep them far away from him but that was excessive and Steve needed to maintain certain public appearances and those appearances did not always match up with his desires, unfortunately.
It was a hellhole of a place on a good day but try mid-December stripped down to the bare essentials—pants and an undershirt, no shoes—and tied tightly to a metal chair, a faulty pipe located right above your head that dripped on you constantly at a steady rhythm, preventing you from sleep or a moment’s peace.
“It’s…. it just… it was terrifying. And I felt powerless,” Clint admitted. That wasn’t a way he often felt. He was no James but that didn’t mean he let others take advantage of him. Clint was a fighter and a survivor but being held by Bakuto was one of the few times in his life when he had doubted that he was really either of those things and suddenly finding himself plunged back into that feeling hit him like a bag of bricks.
“You think someone’ll try and kill you again,” she said, having to say the words out loud at least once to get it out of her system, so she could think clearly.
When the door shut Steve leaned back and exhaled, running a hand over his hair. He looked up at Tony who still stood beside him and his frown melted away after a second.
Files Dmitri had compiled and photographs he and his men had taken of one man and those who worked for him were spread out on the table in the middle of them all. Benni was upstairs in the room he had stayed in before at James’, which was filled with books and toys. Sarah would check on him once the food was done.
He pulled into the hospital and James had seen the familiar car pulling in from the penthouse office he at times did business in. He met them at the front door.
James came over, the rest of his surroundings falling away and only Clint existed. He tilted Clint’s head up. “
Sarah had hoped for this, though with Tony not a lot could really be expected. All she did was pull him even closer to her, one hand on the back of his head, gently stroking his hair and the other on his back, rubbing comforting circles the same way she did with her other boys.
Tony mumbled and went back to looking through the sheets again. His ideas actually made sense. Some time later, Tony couldn’t say how much time had passed, the door swung open again and he saw Steve dragging someone in. Someone who looked unhappy when they probably should have been scared. He didn’t know whether or not he could speak openly with Steve so he decided to stay quiet and get up, straightening his shirt and waistcoat.
“Sure, but Steve and I do not have the same reputation. Sam is your friend—both of your friends—I would not want to hurt his livelihood.”
He had held up very well the first day. To his credit they hadn’t managed to get anything out of him yet. James and Steve had been relatively mild in comparison to what they were capable of but they didn’t want to lose control and lose their best lead. Today, with emotions running high, they cared less.
“Yeah, everyone’s fine. Dugan is up and ate. Jones is…” He thought about it. “Sad. But his wounds aren’t major either.” He looked in his eyes.
When Steve woke up, Tony was still curled into his side and without being able to see his face, he wasn’t sure if he was awake or still sleep. He didn’t want to lean down to check for fear of waking him either, so he just stayed there with his thoughts and the wonderful feeling that was Tony in his arms.
Steve smiled. It was small but genuine and Sarah almost cheered. She hadn’t seen a smile on his face in weeks. “Me? Old? You know…” he trailed off, reaching for James’ head and then slowly gripping one strand of hair and tugging it out. He widened his eyes comically, the joy of possibly holding Tony in his arms tomorrow night was like electricity circulating through his body, energizing every cell. “Is this a grey hair?”
He had already bought the tickets for their outgoing flight and was working on the French end of things when Clint walked in.
“That’s all you want?” James asked, looking over at Steve, irritated even more now by Bakuto for drawing this out.
Tony nuzzled against Clint’s chest like he did when they had been locked up. Now however there was a dog present, it was warm, comfortable and peaceful. Plus, he and Clint had gained back some of their weight, which made Clint even more comfortable now. The fact that they were showered and in clean clothes also helped. All in all it had been nice to sit with Clint but now it was even nicer.
And then other days Clint’s mind was just mean to him. On those days, Clint could land anywhere on the spectrum of moods—extremely clingy and needy, in dire need of alone time and sleep, or just… vacant. He was like the living dead, roaming the house, staring blankly, and not doing much else.
Tony smiled at the last sentence. “Sometimes I can’t sleep and then I just turn and watch Steve sleep. I know I could easily wake him and I know that he would want me to do that, in order for me to not be alone.” He paused and shook his head. “But what he doesn’t know is that watching him sleep is all I need on those nights.”
“Feeling better too,” Tony answered Dugan and nodded. It was true. Never before had he gotten this much sleep and rest. “Thanks for this.” He held the bear up, smiling when the man turned around with a small scoff.
“You’re young, there’s time,” James said, and then added, gesturing to Tony’s face, “besides, I can’t imagine too many people would say no.” James used the word ‘people’ instead of ‘bird’ on purpose and it only irritated Steve more. That man had a way of subtly but successfully annoying Steve.
“That would be nice. Thank you,” he told James and kissed Steve’s cheek. Once they were gone, he turned to Clint. “Are you okay with staying here? It’s usually very quiet even with Benni here. You’ll have a guest room and a bathroom to yourselves too.” It was Tony’s first time having actual guests in this house and it was more exciting than he had imagined. “Oh and usually we spend our time in the library but there’s no fireplace and today I needed the extra heat.”
“Of course I did, love,” he said and then felt bad for lying to him. Honesty. Complete transparency. “It was nothing. Just an overeager eejit with a knife. I got to him before he got to me.”
He stopped beside Natalia, so desperate to throw himself in James’ arms but still very much aware that they were in public. It might’ve been his bar and many of the people inside might have been queer in one way or another, but that didn’t mean
Steve stood and gently asked Benni and his mother to leave the room for now, closing the doors to the room and turning off the record that had been playing in the background. He came back over to Tony and sat down cross-legged in front of him.
The next day was the same. Steve left at an ungodly hour and returned at one, seeing no one but his mother and sometimes just leaving her a note.
“About how unnecessarily big your house is. Clint is scared he’ll get lost and what are we going to do then, hm?” Tony asked, turning around more to face Steve and comb through his hair. “What about you guys? Shop talk this soon?”
“You don’t talk to me that way, you hear me?” Howard growled and even though Tony was used to his father being angry, this was on a whole different scale. Slowly he nodded, not daring to say a word.
Steve gave him another smile, this one much more playful. He booped Tony’s nose with a finger and said, “You’d like to know more because you’re nosy or because you’re nervous?”
“Hello,” the doctor said as he came out and it felt as if everyone stopped breathing, waiting nervously for the news. “Lieutenant Rhodes, amazingly, is fine. A little smoke inhalation damage to his throat but otherwise, right as rain. Captain Rogers,” he continued, pausing to look at his chart.
“You’re… I’ve… never... good god—" He was so nervous and scared but also full of love and in need of a lot more. “You’re the first fella I’ve had these kind of feelings for that I noticed. But looking back, I was relieved when Tommy told me how he felt. And I think my mom saw it in me too.”
Tony caught glimpses of James when he came and asked to speak to Steve alone. That surely didn’t help reduce Tony’s paranoia or anxiety. Though it lessened his appetite, which Sarah noticed immediately and made sure Tony knew she knew.
“Tony Stark,” he said, reaching his hand up for Steve to shake, which he did. “Thanks for the coffee.” He took a sip and then wrinkled his nose because had he wanted brown water he would’ve drank New York tap water but he figured he should be a polite, uninvited guest.
Was this Rhodey’s boyfriend? But Rhodey was straight last they all checked. Not that they routinely checked but Steve was about ninety-nine percent sure Rhodey was straight.
Clint was not a small man by any definition. He was tall, he was well-built, but right then in James’ arms, sniffling against his neck and clutching so desperately at his clothing as if needing something to anchor him into this moment and remind him that he was safe, Clint felt so small in James’ arms, so vulnerable and hurt.
“I don’t want to see either of my boys longing for people who may never want them back,” she said softly. “At least if you tell him and it doesn’t work out you can maybe start moving on.” James was shocked. He hadn’t expected that. “It breaks my heart to see you look at him the way you do.” James dropped his gaze and Sarah stood and made her way around his desk to lean down and hug him, her cheeked pressed against his. She pulled away just enough to press her lips to his cheek and he closed his eyes, sighing.
“You can say that again,” Val agreed, plopping down beside him on the couch and closing her eyes. “Whose turn is it to make food?”
“I think it’s time to let you go, little man.” Dugan smiled and together Benni and Tony left and headed back to the house.
And there was also the fact that Tony and Clint’s holding cells had been on opposite ends of the warehouse. Steve and James doubted they even knew one another existed. They had gone through this alone. They might still be going through it alone.
Clint wondered, because he’d never thought to ask, what it was like on Christmas day for everyone. He and Tony wouldn’t have even known which day
“Five dollars,” he squeaked. He cleared his throat and once again turned his attention to Steve. “If you’re not here to collect then why…?” He trailed off, gesturing to the man in question.
Before answering, James poked his head into the hallway and told one of his men to call Steve and let him know Tony was awake. Turning back to him, he said, “Your brother ran into one of Steve’s men. You’ve met Steve, I’m sure you can imagine the rest.”
“Fine. But promise me you will talk to me?” She held his good hand and he nodded. Suddenly he realized he was still in his suit and Pepper seemed to notice that at the same time.
“Well,” James said, looking at Tony, “we also wanted to ask you about that but baby steps. Would temporarily living together be something you two would like? It doesn’t make things any harder for Steve and I either. Makes it easier, in fact.”
Tony looked to the woman and then back to Mr Rogers, slowly rolling up his sleeve and offering the bandaged arm for whatever they wanted to do. He felt weak, vulnerable, disgusting. Even in the basement alone with two others he felt like the whole world could see his weakness. Tony closed his eyes and let them unwrap his arm and inspect the blisters. The air on his skin seemed to hurt just as much as the gentle touches and the cool ointment that was applied. It took some effort but Tony didn’t flinch or pull his arm away. And when the bandages were back on, the woman looked at him expectedly. At first Tony didn’t quite understand and when he did, he jumped up.
Tony looked up in surprise, not sure if he heard correctly. “Oh, sorry,” he apologized automatically. “No, that’s correct.” It felt good to call Steve a very influential person. He was that but not in the way people thought.
Fury was standing outside his office talking to his assistant Maria as they walked up. She nodded to the three men who greeted her and then went off to make the copies Fury needed.
” he asked softly, lifting the cigar to his lips. A million things, all worst case scenarios, passed through James’ mind before Clint spoke.
Pinky eyed the bill and then looked up at Steve, his mouth slightly open. He reached out for it tentatively and Steve put it into his hand. “Yer ma said your insurance business was really taking off,” Pinky said, still looking at the money, “but I didn’t think you had this kind of dosh to just hand out.”
“Oh? Did you? And did you ask him to homecoming?” Bucky teased and Steve rolled his eyes. Bucky bumped his shoulder against Steve’s. “I’m just joshin’. It’s cute, you and him. I’m glad you really like him and he seems to like you back.”
“Show me the rest.” Everyone after that were underlings. Errand boys, the ones he sent out to pick up protection money or make deliveries to the other mobs. No one high up with access to much any of Steve’s life, business or private. Dugan was the only one with a key to his home, which did beg the question how Falsworth might’ve gotten in, and Dugan told him he had locked the office on the way over.
Monet moved to the other table and pulled out a velvet box, opening it to reveal seven rings inside, all varying in thickness, color and, he assumed, karat. He quickly dismissed the silver ones. He thought silver would look nice with Tony’s complexion but at the same time, he wanted gold. It would look better.
Steve had many little pleasures in life, but Tony’s weekly visits had become a highlight. He looked forward to them as much as he did his weekly drinks with James. Now with only one of those highlights in his week, he had to find a way to manage his disappointment and that was not something he was particularly good at.
“I don’t think I tell you often enough how nice it is to see you happy with her, you know,” Clint told her, lowering his voice a little.
Steve stared intently into Tony’s eyes, so wide and honest. They made him feel warm, loved, and even though no, this wasn’t what his biggest worry was, he loved that Tony was so passionate about fixing it.
,” he cried in Italian and the lights were turned on. Sarah stood in the doorway, closing her dressing gown. Tony was on his knees, hugging his brother close. “You were gone. I thought you were gone,” Benni continued to cry, breaking Tony’s heart with his words and tears.
“I learned to play cards,” Benni announced quite proudly and looked at the two of them for approval.
James walked up to him—he was heavily sedated—and pushed his hair out of his face, pressing a kiss to his forehead, whispering something too quiet for the others to hear, and then stepping back to make way for Sarah and Tony.
Or not. He wasn’t sure. Clint didn’t seem the type to run home and tattle but that didn’t mean James wouldn’t pick up on something wrong.
James looked between the two of them and then inhaled deeply, letting the breath blow back out slowly.
Some days when James woke, Clint was already awake. He would just be staring blankly at the wall or the ceiling but it was very clear that he was a million miles away. At first James would talk to him, touch his hair, ask if he was alright and sometimes Clint would answer verbally but more often than not he would just nod. James came to understand not long after that these mornings were caused by nightmares. He also learned that not all of Clint’s terrible nightmares made him lash out—some just shut him down—so he had to be extra vigilant to catch them.
got rid of many things.” Those books Steve had seen and gotten new copies of… as grateful as he was for that, those three books had been Maria’s favorites and one of the few things Tony had of his mother’s. He didn’t need things to remember his mother but still it was nice to touch something she had touched so many times. He did appreciate him going out of his way and getting him new versions though. “I didn’t get to read a lot after that. This is new to me.” He tapped his index finger on the book cover and shrugged.
He didn’t expect to see two more cars when he finally made his way around the next corner to the side of the building that was facing the street. Two! And if that wasn’t bad enough, the front door opened and out came three men. Tony quickly went back around the corner, hoping they hadn’t noticed him. It took him a second to react but that wasn’t long enough for them to notice him, right?
“What? Oh, fuck,” James said, stomping on the gentle red embers on the edge of the blanket until it went out and then he stomped on the cigar. “Come on, let’s go inside.”
“And how long exactly do you plan on keeping your hostages?” Steve asked, unable to settle on any other term because he didn’t want Bakuto knowing their names and he certainly wasn’t about to say ‘our fellas’ over the phone for Bakuto to hear. He was most likely recording this entire conversation and admitting to something like that out loud would put Steve and James right back where Steve was this past summer.
“Go on, eat. You could use some meat on those bones,” he said, pushing the plate a little bit further towards Tony.
James said in Russian and Steve glared but nodded. James left before Steve could say anything, looking back at Tony and Sarah.
Tony looked at the money and then back to Mr Rogers. “Sir, that’s too much.” It didn’t feel good to talk back to him but it was a lot of money. More than Tony had ever been given to spend for himself.
Sarah takes the boys shopping, James and Steve visit Howard (gross), and Steve's proper grammar goes flying out the window when he's tired.
“Something borrowed. A record to dance to at your wedding.” He handed it to her. “It’s the song Steve and I danced to for the first time. It has become our song and it always reminds me of how much I love him.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Rhodey said, knowing that he was the only reason Steve put himself in the line of fire like that. Otherwise he would have been able to run further, faster.
They brought him a new bottle of water but no food. That had been the pattern the last few days. Water, no food. The first few days had been at least two meals a day, then it tapered off to one and by the end of week one, Clint was just getting water.
Steve still couldn’t get his eyebrows to completely unfurl after hearing Tony in pain but he did his best. “I’m alright. A little tired but nothing serious,” he told him, careful about where he placed his hands on Tony, not wanting to hit a sore spot. He tilted his head up some to look at Tony, trying to memorize every inch of his face just because. “You?”
“Not yet. He’s probably too angry. Not like I got anything out of him anyway. He managed to slip away before I could even ask.”
. Steve moved his hand, doing his best to make sure Tony was enjoying it, and then before he even realized what was happening he was picking Tony up and carrying him out of the study, kissing him softly.
All of these thoughts raced through Steve’s mind in nanoseconds, his eyes watching Tony’s, those big beautiful chocolate eyes.
Steve pushed his chair back and pulled Tony over to sit in his lap and he hugged him, burying his face against Tony’s upper arm. “I ever tell you how good you look in a suit?”
He broke the kiss but rested his forehead against Tony’s, his eyes closed, breathing slowly, deeply. “I’m so happy to have you back.” He pressed their lips together once more and then told Tony to get some sleep.
When Steve broke the kiss he dropped his forehead against Tony’s and he laughed. “I never thought this would happen. I feel like the luckiest man in the world.” There were things they’d need to talk about—Benni, how the relationship would work exactly, boundaries (where it was safe to be themselves, when and with whom)—but they could get to that another day when things could get serious again. Right then and there Steve just wanted to kiss Tony and revel in the fact that he loved him back.
. “I’d say I’ve read about sixty-percent. It’s a good way to work through stress,” he added. He stayed where he was across the room, not wanting to smother him, his hands on his belt now.
“The Irish are coming. Their boss is with them. Fix up the best sides and sandwiches! Quick!” With that Howard left Tony in the kitchen. Had another week passed already? Their so-called protectors had come picking up the protection money a few days ago. Or was time blurring again?
“Steve is the best. He cares a lot and doesn’t always think before he acts but he always means well,” he whispered. If the men who were holding him heard him talk about Steve they probably wouldn’t like it. “If we ever get out of here, you should give him another chance.”
Clint’s eyes slid to Tony and he just couldn’t shake the suspicion that he still felt. He tried to remember anything he knew about Tony from James.
They chatted for a while longer, Benni becoming more talkative with Clint especially seeing as he already had a fairly decent relationship with both Natalia and James.
Tony listened, his head turned to Clint and he nodded. “How long has it been since you two started out?”
James smiled after Clint was situated, his dish towel in hand. “What? Can’t two men in love sit on a balcony in February?”
. When he got back to James’ face, James smirked, his lips so kissable that Clint almost tried to stand up.
“You should let me sleep? I already slept longer than I usually do.” Tony shook his head. “If someone needs sleep, it’s you.”
“So where could they have gone in an hour and half and where could they not have made it to?” Natalia asked, leaning over the desk to look at the map.
“I’m so sick of this place,” Clint complained on his second to last day, his face turned into James’ side who had crawled into the bed beside him.
If he asked, he’d tell him the meaning—the thought alone making Tony blush—but it was probably clear.
On Thursday the phone rang around the usual time. After his rough start in the morning —Howard had yanked him out of the bed and thrown Tony on the floor, yelling about the empty bed Peter should be using instead of curling up with his brother— he was grateful to hear Dugan's indifferent voice.
“I do,” James said, although he had to clear his throat. “I love you too.” He glanced over his shoulder and met Clint’s eyes.
Steve listened, his hand moving high up on Tony’s thigh, squeezing. Tony had put on weight since living with Steve but even still, he could almost get his hand around his thigh and there was something about that that really got to Steve.
She woke to soft voices- not that Toni was truly asleep to begin with. She was caught in a perpetual cycle of drifting in and out of consciousness, the pain from her arm ripping her back into awareness before she could get too close. But it was those gentle whispers that finally encouraged the girl to open her eyes, her tired gaze landing on her two new companions. They stood before the workbench, backpacks splayed open before them as they took stock of what supplies they had left and reorganized. Every now and then, the brunet man would nudge his hip against his partner’s, muttering something lowly that would bring a warm grin to the blonde’s face. Was that love?
, you fucking idiot. It being in Manhattan could have just been a fucking coincidence. Doesn’t automatically mean my father is out to get you. He spent three years helping you build yourself up.”
It wasn’t a complete lie, and Steve had to admire her ability to maneuver the topic of her father’s illegal work in conversation without giving too much away. Each word seemed carefully chosen, and Steve expected nothing more from a Stark. After all, he knew she was right; Howard Stark was the most dangerous man of all. “Either way, I hear men line up from all over the city just for a chance to work with your father, so there must be something that keeps them coming. I bet his schedules are booked clear through the next few years,” Steve joked.
Obadiah tutted and Tony was once again dunked into the water, struggling once again. A minute later and Tony was yanked back out, water cascading down his body as he sucked in a deep breath. “The
"Little late for that, isn't it?" Tony snapped angrily and stood. "Im going to bed. Stay in or go out, I dont care anymore. Probably just lie to me either way," he huffed bitterly, moving up the stairs to his bedroom and slamming his door shut.
“Good.” Bucky was quiet for a moment, chewing on his own pizza thoughtfully before he bumped his good shoulder against Toni. “I always thought Stone was a dick anyways.”
The arrow was released a moment later, bringing a small smirk to Clint’s lips as he watched the red figure crumble to the ground through the scope. “Bottom left out.” He said before looking to his right, pulling out another arrow and effortlessly taking down another guard. “Bottom right out.” He huffed as he slowly shifted on the wall. “Moving to take down the far corners.”
Tony’s eyes slowly opened and he bit his lip, suddenly conscious of how close he was to Steve. Taking a nervous step away, Tony turned to face Steve. “I…uh…thanks,” he murmured quietly.
Toni turned her attention away from the passing buildings and towards her father in the front passenger seat. His eyes were glued to the phone in his lap and, though his tone was nonchalant, Toni knew better. He was annoyed with the news. Toni shared a brief look with Happy when the driver met her eyes in the rear view mirror; his wink of encouragement did little to sooth Toni’s racing mind. “I think it’s a safe bet that you won’t. Steve seemed to be in too poor of a mood for conversation. And I would have asked Barnes, but he was, as I explained, taken.”
"Good. Lets go. Natasha, clear us a path." Clint ordered. "Buck, cover our six," Clint said as he maneuvered Tony to exit the roof.
coffee? He bit Clint’s hand the last time Clint had dared even a sip from the same mug. Clint slowly crossed his arms as the brunette passed his mug over to Steve. He was quiet for a moment before his glare fully set on Steve. “So when were you going to tell me you slept with my little brother?”
The numbers were swimming in Tony's head as he slowly worked over a piece of metal, testing the sensors. This would be his first real invention. His pride and joy. And who better to give it to than Bucky. Tony couldn't help but blame himself. Bucky wouldn't have been in this if Obadiah didn't think that Tony needed help. Tony's fists clench slightly at that thought, sighing shakily.
Bucky snorted, stuffing some of the straw into the bucket before he fished around in his backpack for a book of matches. “Horses? Can’t say they’re on my post-apocalyptic bucket list.” He lit their last match, before tossing it into the bucket and producing a small fire to light the barn better. “You should get some sleep.”
Tony gave him a look. “I’m not freaked out. It happened, I’m moving past it.” Tony said, emptying his closet before tugging open the door of his dresser, shoving his socks and boxers into the bag.
When he finally came to, the only thing Bucky could register at first was darkness. He had a splitting headache, and fiery pain ignited in his chest if he shifted too fast. A bullet wound, great. Bucky tipped his head down as if to examine the damage, but all he could see still was pitch black. Part of him feared that he had been blinded, had maybe taken too hard of a hit to the head and damaged his optic nerves. But when Bucky sucked in a pained breath, a cloth pressed against his lips and he realized a bag was placed over his head. So his eyes were good, that was something. But where was he?
His mouth tasted like copper. Red stained a good portion of his skin and clothes, dribbling from his mouth every time he tilted his head too far down. At least the lackey had been kind enough to replace the suffocating cloth sack around his head once he was finished with him last night. Bucky would have to remember to thank him the next time he saw him. Despite all of the fresh cuts and bruises, the bullet wound was still the most painful by far. The bullet was still in him, grating further into his flesh every time he moved. It would probably get infected soon, if it wasn’t already. Not that it truly matter, because one of two things was going to happen: either Steve would rescue him or these assholes would kill him.
Toni had truthfully forgotten about all of the excitement from the night before. She had been sated by her father’s assurance to check into the matter, and really, what more should she feel? Sure, Toni had felt a moment of weakness the day before; she had really wanted to make some form of amends with Steve to end their brutal arguments. But that’s all it was: a moment of weakness. Steve was an ass who didn’t deserve her time, and the only reason she expressed any concern for his situation was because Barnes was a semi-decent guy who was suffering from the violence inherent in the system of illegal business. But her father would offer them some advice, and that was all Toni could really do for them. That, and put the whole group out of her life. No more arguments, no more hatred. Out of sight, out of mind.
Bucky threw his hands up in the air, but followed after the blonde dutifully. They stepped back out into the open street, the setting sun barely visible over the tops of the trees surrounding the small town. “When she fucks us over, don’t blame me.”
“Like I said: genius. It runs in the family. My dad was… a weapons manufacturer. Gifted with all technology and sciences of course, but…weapons were his real thing,” Toni muttered, taking the empty can of chili and placing it on the shelf beside her.
He was nearly there when a deafening sound filled the night air and the building gave a shudder before collapsing in on itself, sending flames out at every angle.
Tony nodded and stood slowly, moving over to Bucky. “Yeah. They gave me a day to help you so I…I made you this. I know it isn’t much compared to what a real arm would be, but-"
“Do you think I don’t know what that feels like?” Toni cut him off, turning to catch Bucky’s eyes with her own, a bright fire burning in those blue irises. “Obadiah and Tiberius were my family. I’ve known Stane since I was a child and I had every intention of marrying Ty, and yet they were only using me. They made themselves apart of my life only to increase their power and I let them. And they’re still out on the streets, free and feeling
Bucky watched as the brunette snatched up her bag, stalking away from the desk. She slammed the office door behind her as she exited, leaving Bucky to scowl at his friend. “Why do you have to let her get to you like that?”
“No, sir,” Steve shook his head. “Ms. Stark did this entirely on her own. No help. She rescued Bucky all by herself, I just provided the safe place to stay.”
"Bucky promised me the first shot," Tony whispered, dropping the gun in favor of wrapping his arms around Clint.
“I know.” Natasha’s lips were quirked a fraction of an inch. “You’re the one that gives Steve a heart attack every time you visit.”
. She wore a simple white blouse, neatly tucked into her black pencil skirt. Her crimson heels perfectly matched her lips and Ty’s tie, so coordinated Steve had to refrain from rolling his eyes. Toni’s soft curls were left down, cascading down her back in sweeps of dark brown. In her hand she nursed a glass of wine, blue eyes focused on Ty with a bored expression. She looked beautifully relaxed, but Steve knew better. He knew the lion that lie beneath, waiting for the first sign of weakness. “Some people would refer to it as being cultured, Mr. Stone,” Steve commented, taking pleasure in the way the smaller man whirled around on him. He stopped before the other man, offering his hand. “Steve Rogers.”
Toni huffed, pulling the pizza box from the shelf and setting it on the counter beside the man. “I’m your new roommate. My father has to make a complete overhaul of his operations to root out traitors, and apparently, Rogers’ estate is the safest place for me right now.”
“It isn’t crap,” Tony hissed defensively, flicking Clint’s cheek in protest while Bucky hummed. “I like the new kid. He doesn’t let anyone get away with anything.”
“Tony. Tony Stark. That was the name on the ID in his wallet,” the mugger spoke up, giving his boss a nervous look.
If they hadn’t been arguing, sure. “So I assume that means you don’t care that Barnes is missing?” Toni asked, trailing her fingers along the handle of her door idly.
Howard seemed pleased with his response. “Business indeed. But you managed to grab her before she could bite Justin’s head off in front of everyone. I appreciate that.”
Loki walked down the side walk, wide grin in place with the comfortable weight of money in his pocket. He whistled softly as he stepped into his apartment building, fishing for his keys as he climbed the stairs. If he was lucky, Thor wouldn’t be home and he could just grab the bags he packed the other night and be on his way. Maybe find an apartment on Stane’s side of the city.
It was the first time Steve has seen Antonia Stark in just about three years, and yet she still looked the same, if not slightly more…
Steve turned to the man before him, narrowing his eyes and jerking his jaw towards the door. “Leave. I’ll send one of my men tonight to collect a fine.”
Bruce scoffed, giving Clint a look. “He’s your brother. I'm not babysitting him. I think he’s smart enough to know when to bed.”
“Don’t talk about our relationship with the thief,” Bucky joked offhandedly as he returned, but his brow was furrowed as he measured two thick sticks beside her broken forearm. “These’ll have to do for a splint. Alright, kid, we don’t have any anesthetic so you’re going to have to go through this without it.”
Tony looked to him warily before sitting slowly, finding a plate of pancakes and aspirin set before him. He eagerly took the aspirin before taking a slow bite from the pancakes, watching as the boss handed Loki a stack of crisp money. “There you go, Loki. Five grand." The boss hummed as if it were nothing. “You’re services were greatly appreciated and I’ll be sure to keep you in mind if I ever need your expertise again."
Tony sat up and rubbed his face, pulling the plate closer and taking a hungry bite. “Thanks, Clint, “Tony mumbled around a mouthful.
“I’m new to the party scene. Honestly, I was content with staying by the bar all night and keeping to myself, but you looked like you needed rescuing,” the blonde teased, giving Toni that boyish grin again. “My name is Steve Rogers.”
“Oh no, Mister. This coffee’s mine. Want your own, go to the kitchen,” Bruce smirked, sipping from the mug teasingly. “You don’t try to stay up too frequently, do you? It isn’t healthy to be sleep deprived.”
The cellar door creaked as it was opened, the intruder pausing at the top of the steps for the briefest of moments. Toni looked up the stairs, her eyes connecting with Raza’s. She never liked that man. The guard’s gaze flicked to Bucky before he growled and lumbered down the steps. “What do you think you’re doing, foolish girl?”
Steve sighed and rubbed his face. “Fine, fine. One night off.” He huffed and gave Tony a look across the table, studying the kid’s thoughtful face. What was he so lost on?
“I thought you were talking to your dad?” Toni called, pausing in her makeup application to look back over her shoulder in confusion.
"Or else what?" Bucky frowned, fists clenching. Tony pointed to the television screen on the wall and Bucky stood slowly, moving over and studying it. “This is the surveillance feeds from the Estate," Bucky frowned. “One of them is offline…the bomb!" Bucky frowned and Tony nodded.
Steve laced their fingers together, giving her hand a squeeze. “We aren’t going to let you die, it’s just a broken arm, Toni. You’ve been nothing but a pain in our asses these past two days, but we don’t leave anyone behind. Not like this.”
Steve stayed on the floor and allowed everything that Bucky was saying just sink into his mind. Immediately, Tony eyes bright with tears came to the forefront of his mind. He watched as his eyes dimmed and he could feel that desperation…that need to go back as soon as he had grabbed his bags and left the tower.
Steve’s blue eyes settled heavily on Tony’s brown ones. Steve steppe closer. “Yeah, I’m extremely patient figuring that I haven’t kissed you yet when everything inside of me wants to pull you close,” Steve said raising a hand to Tony’s waist. He waited to see if his touch would be allowed and once Tony grew closer, he allowed his arm to encircle his waist. “And kiss you until I lose all the breath from my chest.”
Everything that he done in this world…all the hurt that his hands caused shouldn’t allow him to have all he had in his life. He had Laura and the kids. He had the Avengers. He had his brother…Tony. But those were three things too many. He didn’t deserve not one so Clint had to even out things and he couldn’t lose Laura or the kids. He couldn’t lose his purpose of being on a team. But he could lose Tony even if he felt like he was losing a part of himself.
Natasha pressed deeper and this time her nails left a nick in Steve’s neck, from the sudden movement of Steve leaping out of his chair, once again and grabbing ahold of Isak from the chair and swinging his body to the wall.
Steve held back a grimace. There was something in that smile that was distrusting. Steve supposed it had to do more with him just genuinely not liking the guy Tony was presently dating…and soon to be breaking up with.
Steve argued that he didn’t have any French girl to draw, which resulted in both Clint and Tony snickering for the rest of the day.
“What the hell is wrong with you? Are you insane? You killed our fucking parents,” Isak said. Although he tried calming his voice, he couldn’t help how it elevated with every sharp turn. “Ryder! Stop okay man, this shit wasn’t funny when you did it years ago and it isn’t funny now.”
“I hate you,” Tony exclaimed all of a sudden, voice raspy from held back anger. “I hate you, but I can’t keep carrying you wherever I go. Perhaps I’ll always have those nights with nightmares of your face or have a memory cross my mind, whenever I go somewhere we used to. But that’s all it’ll be moments, however brief and short. It’s been years and I need to let myself be happy, without feeling weighed down.”
Tony knew this because Ryder would usually do that, before telling Tony he wouldn’t have hurt him if he had just done what he had asked.
Harley rolled his eyes and let Steve go. “Fine, do your nasty adult stuff. I’ll be in the car waiting. I’ll start it up.”
Tony looked up into the sky and stayed silent for a few moments. “That night I spent more time with my mom then I had during my whole lifetime at that point.”
Tony tried ignoring how all of this made him feel light. It was a weird feeling. He felt light, but he also felt weighed down by some invisible pressure. He felt the need to sob and yet he also felt the desire to pull Ryder in closer.
“They won’t come for you and it’ll just be you and me. But that’s okay because you love me, hmm? Yeah.”
Steve shook himself out of the thought as he watched the guards lock the prison cell that Ryder was in. He was content to leave then and there that was until he saw Ryder had the sign of waking and Steve truly wanted to be there the moment Ryder realized he was never getting out and never getting near Tony again.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Oh, like you’re any better than me. MJ did this Harls…oh MJ’s so smart…MJ is so cool I could never be on her level…ooohhhhh how did I land MJ as a girlfriend because I’m so lame and boring,” Harley laughed.
“Tony is being particularly courteous right now and he is not asking a lot out of you. He has had a long week and I believe you all have had a few long months. A good night’s sleep may do everyone good. So do as Tony suggested and you all can reconvene tomorrow evening,” Ryder said with such authority that Tony was brought back to those days in college, when Ryder would argue with his professors about a possible grade change.
He had told him, “It’s bad enough that you and the kids know. Plus the SHIELD agents. That’s more people than I have ever wanted to-”
Tony turned to him and nodded. Steve stood out of his seat as Tony went to hand Miles to Pepper. Miles enthusiastically settled into Pepper’s lap to tell her how much fun he was having with the toy science kit Pepper had given to him for Christmas.
He looked up, expecting Bucky or Natasha to have found him. But when bleary eyes, met the eyes of Clint he tried shakily wiping away his tears.
“No, you’re not trying to help. You’re been rude and this is certainly not the place to have this conversation. Lately, I don’t know what is going on with you, but if this is how you’re going to act then we can call ourselves through. I am not going to be reprimanded for being myself and I refuse to restrict myself to a freaking cage. Maybe this break away from you was just what I needed.”
“This mission would have been successful either way,” Steve truthfully forced out. The honesty in the statement settled like cement on his tongue.
“Steve your old man is showing,” Tony teased, though inwardly preening at Steve’s enthusiasm. He wasn’t breaking up with Ryder because of Steve, but he did delight in knowing that Steve was just as happy by his decision as Tony was.
Steve did both things and continued following Bucky’s instructions seeing as though Bucky clearly knew more than he did. He also told himself he really didn’t want to give Tony or anyone else food poisoning. That would not be a good start to his plan of courting Tony. Nothing said I love you more than food poisoning.
“I would rather Tony never forgive me, then for me to let this man who abused him near him and finish what he started,” Steve said, voice cracking. “Don’t ask me to do that Fury. I would go against every rule you have set in place, if you dare suggest anything to me like that again.”
And in the first time in months, with various voices talking and laughing over one another and Steve’s hand gently playing with the short hair at his nape…
Be there in like five seconds. Thor and the others said they’ll be there in a sec. They’re having a competition to see who all can make the best Lego Avengers tower. The top three, will be judged by Tony. Unfortunately, Thor has a bit of a sore loser complex right now so he’s destroying all that are better than his….which honestly isn’t much
“You know Mr. Stark I was thinking how does child services handle an alcoholic father. And you’re a new father right? I would certainly hate for someone to release the footage of the room’s cameras of you being drunk. Or perhaps I’ll send you home right now to get your son. I don’t imagine you’ll be a father much more, when they see your drunk self,” Miriam taunted.
With each whispered utterance, Tony’s breath began to even out showing that he was far more exhausted than he had let on. Steve was soon to quickly follow, finally for the first time sleeping well than he had since the 52 days Tony had been gone. He had the man he loved back in his arms and he wasn’t going to leave.
Isak laughed softly, licking at the trickle of blood coming down his mouth. “Oh, I’m sorry did I touch a nerve? I hadn’t known that mentioning vacations was also a taboo subject. Though such a beautiful man as Tony does need his beauty rest, though something tells me he’s gotten a lot of it recently.”
And Tony, not once called to see how he was doing…to see how he was taking all of this. The only response he had gotten was when he came back to their room and Tony took one look at him and sneeringly said, “I told you so.”
“Neither the world nor I am ready to even see a future without him in it,” Fury said. He picked up his sunglasses and put them on his face, therefore hiding any strain of emotion that could have possibly shone. “If they ask where I went, lie.”
“Yeah, FRIDAY notified us, shortly before the hospital staff wanted us to confirm that you indeed were taking him home to rest. You should have seen Bruce’s face though, before you had come in carrying Tony. He looked like he had swallowed a sour lemon, when he learned that Tony had left the hospital. But he was fine, when he learned that you were bringing him back.”
The three looked at each other and reached a conclusion. They all gave Harry their orders and handed back their menus.
Tony turned sad eyes to him. Steve struggled for a minute, before eventually his strong will wavered.
“What just happened is you finally got your head out of your ass and realized just why you’ve really been coming to this orphanage every week for the past six months.”
“Apologies. I was instructed by Ms. Romanov to make sure this delivery reached you safely, before I am allowed to report back. Ms. Romanov assured me that she had called Colonel Rhodes and told him that she would send me.”
They didn’t usually sleep like this, since Tony was often uncomfortable with having so much steady pressure on his chest. But sometimes when Tony was going through work or even reading a book, Steve would come to bed
“It’s going amazing. The fact that everyone was able to make it has made my day. I mean Bruce is here. Bruce!” Tony exclaimed vibrantly. “Do you know how much we are going to be able to do now that he’s back? No, you don’t because it’s too much.”
So now here they were standing opposite of each other, words still going unspoken between them. Tony in fear that it would reveal far too much of what he’s never dared to share and Steve in fear that he might have lost what he truly needed.
The boy looked quizzically at him and was trying to figure out Steve’s true intention. He scooted back and let some distance between himself and Steve. He looked back and up a few moments, before beginning to talk.
Cali tried helping him with stuff like this. She told him Ryder wasn’t forcing himself on him, mainly because Ryder wanted Tony to willingly come to him…not because he actually cared for Tony’s consent, but rather he wanted Tony to finally relinquish control of his body and hand it over to Ryder. Ryder assumed getting Tony to finally say yes would be him receiving the last remaining power that Tony had left.
“But…I have to say it’ll make for an interesting documentary. They always love that stuff. I mean come on billionaire, former playboy, philanthropist, and Avengers stuck in the abusive relationship then kept captive for however long…and then he’s rescued. Man, can someone say Golden Globe awards,” Isak said cheekily.
He remembered the first time he mentioned going to therapy and Ryder had pulled him aside, sweetly saying, “Aren’t I enough for you? Surely you can tell me your burdens and I’ll help you carry them.”
“And why isn’t Tony here? Too chicken to man up and face what he’s done wrong? That’s what we’ve all been doing for the past six months. And he’s been here doing what? Just in his lab going over the Accords and playing with our lives,” Clint angrily protested.
Peter rolled his eyes and stretched his limbs. “Don’t be jealous that I have superpowers and you don’t.”
“You’re right I didn’t do what I did to protect you. I did it to protect me. I was tired of feeling out of control in a space where I was supposed to be the leader. I was tired of not being enough and when I found Bucky I thought finally I can make things right again,” Steve explained finally looking to Tony once the last piece of glass had been taken out.
Now all Tony needed to know was that once they got onto that battle field was that Steve had his back and trusted him to have his. He needed to know that there was not going to be an instance in which Steve doubted him.
Steve followed them to the car. He got in the passenger side and settled in as Natasha took off. They stopped at the flower shop, as suggested by Julie. Julie directed Harley around the small shop. His hand was still clasped firmly in hers. Harley’s ears had not lessened in redness. It almost seemed like they grew redder.
He faulted himself, for not realizing that Tony was actually the main reason for coming back and maybe he had always known deep inside of him that was the case. However, he had never dared to actually voice this even aloud to himself. But maybe that was the time that he should have.
“And you’re okay with keeping another secret like this from him,” Fury said, trying for one last chance. “I don’t think we all need a reminder of how well keeping secrets goes for this team.”
“I know you’re probably not going to hear me, but I am so sorry Tony,” Steve brokenly rasped. “I am sorry for failing you again. I try telling myself that I’m trying to be better, trying to be a better person, but I’m not. How can I save people I don’t even know, when I can’t save the one person that I love?”
“Nope,” Peter said sounding distressed. “And it’s going to bring my GPA down and I can’t get lower than a B in this class if I’m trying to graduate at the top of my class.”
“Ryder,” Tony answered placing his phone down again. He wanted to put it on silent, but he never knew just who might actually need to reach him.
“So that’s what Pepper meant when she said you would be watching over your little strawberry. I was going to ask her why on earth you were watching a strawberry, but I’ve known you long enough to know that would be completely possible.”
U, having thought it won as DUM-E left, came closer to Tony only to get knocked off as DUM-E came whirling by knocking U onto the ground.
“What do you want from me Tony? You want me to be happy that you just adopted a kid knowing full well that you’re not ready to be a father. I mean you and I both know how hard it is being a kid of someone who isn’t equipped to be a parent.”
“No, no. Don’t feel like you have to keep things from me. Thank you for sharing that, but…” Steve blinked away the wetness in his eyes. “Tony how can you call yourself weak after any of that? No one who is weak would have been able to become the man you are today. You didn’t let those situations define you or stop you from going after your goals.”
He leaned up closer to him, his small body almost in Tony’s lap. Tony then had to situate Miles so that he wouldn’t fall off of him. Turning his head away, Miles looked at Tony as if he wanted to say something. His mouth opened and his eyes grew brightly, before he was yanked up by Peter.
“Look I’m fine. I’m just at the park with Miles and Peter. I’ll probably be back in another hour or so.”
Julie had kicked him in the neither regions and exclaimed that, “You’re the reason Mr. Tony hasn’t been here in like forever!”
She walked out of the room and went in search for the driver. While she was on her way to meet Steve, she refused to let herself fall into the thoughts that perhaps she didn’t agree to this meeting to save her sister, but more so to save Tony who didn’t deserve any of what they were doing to her.
After a moment, Steve knocked on the door softly and was almost immediately met with a shuffling sound. Dragging footsteps approached the door, before there was a low snarl and a thump against the wood. Walker. Steve moved for the waiting room, snatching up one of the topple chairs and bringing it down the hall to prop under the doorknob. It was already locked and the thing obviously hadn’t managed to get out, but Steve was always one for caution. After that, he moved for the reception area again, opening the desk drawer and rooting around inside. The bottom left drawer produced what he was looking for: a small, emergency flashlight. With a twist of its end the light flickered on and Steve went back towards Bucky’s exam room. He opened the door slowly, peeking in on the two. “How are we looking?”
“Steve, you spent most of the day carrying her around. Take a fucking rest. I have no problem keeping watch, which obviously one of us needs to do,” Bucky assured, snatching up a thick blanket that was folded over the wall of one of the stall before tossing it to the blonde. “We were too reckless last night in the apartment sleeping at the same time. I’m not giving anyone the chance to fuck us over again. Dead or alive.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Tony looked quizzically at him. “Cake? No, Steve what on earth? Why are you acting like the kids or someone else is going to come up here at any moment. Calm down, babe.”
Steve pulled out a seat for Tony and then sat down in his own. “I hope everything is good. I’ll be honest I’m not the best cook so I did have to rely heavily on Bucky to tell me what to do. Apparently, I’m a disaster in the kitchen without supervision.”
“Looks, like boy wonder has come to save the little damsel in distress,” Ryder proclaimed. “How sweet. I suppose I am the dragon in this story.”
“Don’t tell me I don’t love him!” Steve yelled standing up angrily getting up. “Don’t you both dare tell me I don’t love him. You have no right to tell me how I feel!”
“Mr. Stark. You know you don’t have to pay right? Everything has been covered for the day,” the volunteer, Emily, said.
His mind went to how easy it was to let Ryder go and how easy it had been to forget it all. Maybe he should have done more to remember and hadn’t forgotten it along with all the other people who had ever done Tony wrong. He tended to forgive, but more oft than not also forget.
He made a quick stop into his room, to grab his phone. Steve was still asleep, arms thrown over his eyes and curled up in the spot Tony was. Tony grinned and backed out of the room, before Steve woke up again.
“Only when I’m gagged,” Ryder sneered. “Though that’s more of my partner’s things. Heads up, Tony particularly likes being cho-”
“Oh, please don’t be honored. You think you were the only one who I had a relationship like this with? Oh, no you were just the only one that wasn’t strong enough to endure what I had to offer. Funny, how I was using all of them as preparation for my time with you. But at the end of it, you were the one that wasn’t ready. Stark men are made of iron has never meant anything, has it?”
“Or something,” Steve joked, turning on the shower. “How about I tell you more about my…sordid past as small Steve in the shower.”
Steve pulled the blanket tighter over Tony’s body. He had remained silent for most part of the story even when he wanted to protest everything that Ryder was about. Tony could even feel when Steve was getting riled up. It was in the way he pulled Tony closer to him or pressed a kiss on top of his head so that he would say anything to interrupt Tony.
Tony grabbed Miles’ body in order to stop him from getting out of the cart. Miles turned a disappointed glare toward Tony and began to pout. His eyes were beginning to shine brightly just ready to share tears he had probably been mentally practicing for, since they had entered the store. Tony had been prepared for this. He knew Miles was only four, but he also knew that Miles was beginning to develop the famous pout that could make people coo and bend to his will. Tony refused to be one of those people…even if he did allow Miles to eat a cupcake for breakfast.
“I would say otherwise seeing as how I saw you just gulping down the alcohol Miriam gave you,” Ryder said cheekily. “Hey smile!”
So all of these new faces and security? Why on earth were there two people stationed at nearly every single wall or exit in the ballroom. Some of the faces he did know like those of the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Leauna and her husband, even Isa had made an appearance, and some people he’s known and liked throughout his life, but the others…he realized them for journalists and others of the like. He turned sharp eyes to Ryder and felt betrayed.
Thanks again for everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“You didn’t even ask us. You just assume we want to go,” Clint mumbled now trying to get the remote from Bucky.
When Tony woke up, he tried ignoring the way his body seemed to scream at him. For a few moments he just laid in his bed, staring at the ceiling. Fingers traveled over his body lightly touching the bruises that were left behind from yesterday. Yesterday there had been a harshness to Ryder’s touch that hadn’t been there before. Tony knew he would be upset about him adopting Miles, but he figured since three whole days had passed without Ryder mentioning the adoption, he was safe.
How could Steve go asleep with not making sure someone was watching over Tony? He would have time to get a few seconds of rest in tomorrow, but for now his own sense of paranoia crawled at him.
Steve chuckled and Tony let the sound echo in the small space. “Not in your coffee, but a separate meal. Don’t think I don’t see you sliding Miles your extra vegetables.”
“So how’s school going,” Tony questioned Peter. “That Mr. Heinzelman isn’t giving you any problems in class anymore, right?”
Crap, he probably should have told Tony’s therapist what had happened. No doubt his therapist would have been worried by the missed meetings. All of them had missed their meetings the past two months, with looking for Tony. But they had always a little time to stop for a brief few minutes to talk about their day on the phone. Maybe he would send a reminder to Pepper or someone to get in contact with his therapist and let them know that Tony being absent from his meetings wasn’t due to him.
Pepper nodded as she grabbed her purse and left the room, making sure the door was cracked. As soon as she was gone, Tony felt the walls enclose on him again. His fingers started trembling and he felt his vision darken He needed to open the blinds in here.
Clint wished that he could put an arrow through his shoulder. He resolved to do that as soon as Fury’s watchful eye was gone.
He tried holding things together. He was the leader. He couldn’t let cracks in the seams of things and let anyone have fear that Tony wouldn’t come back to them. He didn’t read into the concerns the agents had at the Avengers not being able to find one of their own by themselves. He couldn’t throw his shield at the one agent that said if Tony had been smarter than he wouldn’t have wound up in that situation.
“New York didn’t have good memories for me,” Isak said stiffly, keeping his eyes on the road before him and his hand on his phone, ready to call someone if this ride took a disastrous turn.
Steve had been unsure of the meaning, but as he watched the movie with Tony that same week his cheeks had burned with an embarrassing sense of want. He had turned to tell Tony that he would be honored to draw him like one of his French girls.
Tony turned toward him sharply and Peter quickly sputtered out a response, “I mean I know you’re with Ryder, but I knew you liked Steve because I overhead you talking to Pepper about him. And like I wasn’t eavesdropping.”
century the way you did has to be smart. So I know when you read the documents you realized all of this.”
There’s not even a single reason he could come up with besides everything being a reason. Tony should’ve just let Steve continue his little odyssey to find his fallen war friend. He should’ve accepted that and maybe things wouldn’t have turned out into such a giant mess.
It seemed hypocritical to him that as a trained assassin he was against this revenge killing…but he saw what killing had done. However, seeing this it had to be justified. Right?
Clint shook his head. “This isn’t making sense. It made much more sense in my head. Look there’s no excuse for me being an ass these past few weeks, when you’ve done nothing, but been amazing and generous. I just…I thought I couldn’t lose them. I’d rather have them and being an Avenger than you.”
The thought of it made him ill and become so vibrant with an anger coursing through his veins. For a moment, his vision swam and he had to rest a hand against the wall in order to steady himself. Bucky and Natasha had followed him. Both had been figures that had grounded him as he struggled to deal with how Fury suggested for him to leave the room and bring Tony in instead.
“I’m sorry. I don’t happen to speak Norwegian,” the man apologized, his cheeks flushing a deep red color. The woman noted it was almost rather adorable how he seemed to be truly apologetic of not knowing Norwegian, though she supposed it had to do with the fact that he was in Norway.
Tony immediately grew serious. “Steve why didn’t you tell me? I wouldn’t have led you to this ride if I had known…I…crap Steve.”
The only ones who were there were Steve, Bucky, Sam, Natasha, Clint, Wanda, and Vision. Wanda and Vision had been able to take a brief break from her training to attend the Gala. Tony had warmly welcomed them. He truly didn’t trust himself to be too close to Wanda. Even though he was hoping that she was getting her necessary help, he just couldn’t trust being close to her again at least not yet.
Steve brushed back a piece of hair that had somehow grown longer than the other strands. The curl wrapped around his finger as he pushed it behind Tony’s ear. He leaned closer and whispered into his ear repeatedly, “I love you. I love you.”
He repeated this over and over and kept one hand rubbing Tony’s back, while the other held Tony’s clasped hands.
“Yeah, showing him you’re making an effort would be him not ending up with food poisoning. Goodness, Stevie just move. Let me handle the big things okay. I’ll direct you. Do not do anything that I have not told you to do, yes?”
He had tried to do the same things for tonight, but he figured he could get a free dinner out of this and then break up with Ryder. He wanted to break up with Ryder ever since he came back. He hadn’t forgotten what had happened only a little over a month ago. He still had a fading hand shaped bruise left on his hipbone.
Steve had noticed that Miles, Tony, and Ryder had been gone a long time. He knew he had no reason to worry, seeing as though they were all together. Unfortunately, that didn’t stop him from looking around every few moments to see their bodies reappear in his line of vision. He remained at the table not willing to part ways from it until he could see Tony again. He didn’t want to wander away too far.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Miles looked at Steve with wet wide eyes. He raised his thumb toward Steve. Steve leant down and inspected the thumb, which had a pretty considerable scratch on it. Harley set Miles down on the counter and grabbed a wet paper towel and wiped his thumb.
Sam had lagged behind, talking in hushed tones with Wanda. Clint unwrapped himself from the blanket and gave it back to Natasha who had narrowed her eyes as if expecting a threat. Bucky walked beside Steve and focused his eyes on anyone who walked near them.
“Like I didn’t know you like knew him on a personal basis to the point where he just comes to your school events,” Ned said.
It had been four hours since they had went back to the tower. Natasha was still at Karen’s and Tony still hadn’t made it back to the tower. The only ones there were Bucky, Clint, and Steve. Steve had been arguing with Clint over what to watch for the last fifteen minutes or so. Bucky sat on the couch watching the two of them argue.
He seemed to be waiting for Steve to say something, anything to give him a reason as to why he was being questioned by Steve and having two other Avengers posted at the corners of the room. He opened his mouth to question it, but thought otherwise. He learned one thing in his government classes was to always keep silent.
Steve shook his head. “That, don’t do that. Don’t push me away by you ranting about cheeseburgers and wanting to leave.”
Tony’s throat tightened and his chest began to feel heavy. “Sorry, but you can’t adopt him. I’m sure you are probably wonderful people and would make wonderful parents, but I cannot let you take him. So I know this is probably unprofessional and Pepper would literally kill me if she saw my behavior right now, but I want to adopt him and I would go through hell and high water to make sure that Miles becomes my son. So not to be rude or anything, but you can stop what you’re doing now and save you the-”
Steve’s jaw tightened so tight, that Natasha and Bucky could visibly see the ripple in it. He leant forward, placing his elbows on his knees. With a hardened expression, he stared at Isak noting how Isak simply leant back casually and smiled softly in response.
The boy scoffed and shook his head. “You actually promote this stuff in real life? Thought the videos in school that you did were just for show. Nice to know the great Captain lives what he preaches.”
What made him want to consider telling Steve, when he had no plans of telling Pepper or Rhodey everything that happened…at least not yet? Maybe he’d see how Steve took it first. Guess, this could be the trial run.
“So enjoy this evening where you all can enjoy one night free from the paparazzi,” Tony laughed. Everyone exclaimed their agreement toward his last statement. “Now without further ado I introduce you to the lovely and talented Nathaniel who will begin our evening with some comedy.”
“She’s not waking up. If the doctors are right she’ll never wake up again. He just told me to tell her goodbye,” he whimpered. His lips trembled and in his hand he held one magnolia flower. “I just want to go. Please.”
“Alright and here are some wristbands,” Tony told Natasha holding her a bag of wristbands. “Every group has a different color. And since I knew that this would likely happen I have saved the black wristbands for you all.”
“I need you to take care of Harley, if I am accepted into the Peace Corps. I would leave him with my husband, but…I just think that he would personally prefer being in your care. Every time he comes to visit me, he always tells me about how cool you are despite being a Uno cheater,” Bekah teased.
Steve kept talking until he realized that Tony hadn’t replied. By then Tony would usually have interjected with some debate over which juice was better. Steve stopped from putting the spaghetti into the bowl and turned to Tony.
“Tony all you can do is listen to your heart. You know what’s good for you. If that’s seeing what Steve really means and maybe pursing things with him you do that. But know you’ll always have Pepper and me by your side. That’s never going to change.”
Tony shook his head refusing to believe Ryder. This time he wouldn’t believe him. Pepper and Rhodey will always be there for him. He and the Avengers were back toward strengthening their relationship and it was going to be stronger than it last was. His ties with the orphanage and Karen was not going away. His friendship with May and mentorship over Peter was strong. His relationship with his son could not be easily broken.
Tony let out a hoarse scream half in part for how Winston’s body was laying on the floor barely moving and half in part from how Ryder roughly entered him. Tony tried scrambling away, barely being able to gather enough air into his lungs. Ryder pushed Tony back further onto himself driving himself deeper and harder into Tony.
“You don’t understand. My brother wasn’t always like this. He was warmer as a child, bright, and full of incomprehensible joy. It used to make me jealous with how easily he seemed to find light in certain situations. I remember the time my dad got laid off from his job and my mom had pneumonia. My older siblings and I were sad because it seemed like the weight of the world was bearing heavy on our shoulders, but Ryder he somehow managed to find my dad doing something he loved and spoke to one of his friends whose mom was a doctor. He was always helping us.”
“My mom’s leaving,” Harley exclaimed all of a sudden. “That’s why I can’t have you leave again too. So…like if anything is a threat toward you staying…I just know that we, I need you here.”
Once Steve had gotten his fill, he stood up and checked the parameter. He wanted to make sure they hadn’t missed anything of Ryder’s. At first they were contemplating whether they would move all of Tony’s stuff to a different room. However, they all knew how attached Tony was to this certain room overlooking the horizon and the buildings before him. Tony had picked this room for a reason. It would seem wrong to make a decision like changing his rooms, without Tony’s input.
“I know, but they haven’t seen you in a while. Plus they like to meet who I date. I don’t have parents and they kind of stepped in,” Tony replied. “I tried to get them not to, but they really want to meet you again.”
Tony swallowed and averted his gaze. Not quite knowing how to respond, he stuffed a spoonful of soup in his mouth. Steve was completely fine with it. The two relaxed in the silence of the room, comfortable with just each other’s presence. Tony felt his back relax against the headboard and Steve sat up closer to Tony.
“You are not being fairly generous Mrs. Thompson,” Peter began. “Mr. Stark has done everything to ensure that we have great values. Sure, we may have pieces of our family missing, but the great thing is that we are able to build ours. Mr. Stark has helped give us our home and has taken care of everything that I could ever need. It is unfortunate that you are not able to understand that. But please do refrain from speaking badly about a person you do not know.”
Tony was grateful. He soaked in the comfort and it made telling this story, not easier, but smoother. At one point the nurse from before had warned them that they were an hour in and Steve had thanked him for the reminder.
Ryder’s hold on Tony’s hipbone tightened briefly, before relaxing. “I am sure you do not mean that. Surely, you wouldn’t say that to someone you love.”
“Baba! I missed you! Mr. Steve says you went on a trip, but you would be back soon. But baba it’s been forever,” Miles drawled. “I don’t like when you’re gone baba. When you coming back?”
Shuri continued. “It lasted like that for a while. I fell ill and T’Challa had been no better. He did not have the time to grieve and then I blamed myself for grieving too much. Here my brother was to take my father’s place and I couldn’t even get out of my bed. I honestly can’t tell you when or how, but I had to start telling myself it wasn’t my fault. Sometimes bad things happen and evil people intercept our best laid plans. It is not through our actions that those events happen. My father is dead, but Tony is not. Do not let rash decisions for revenge keep you from being smart. Tony will hate it if you do something reckless and I am quite certain he will put baby protocol on your suit.”
“Ah, and didn’t Steve leave you to die in a cave in Siberia and you forgave him to the point where you locked lips. Have you ever felt at any point that I would kill you? I don’t think you have. Yet you’ve forgiven murderers over forgiving me? The one you love.”
When they arrived back at the Tower, it was quiet. Clint was on his floor preparing gifts for his children because he had no intention of coming empty handed, when he reunited with his family. Natasha was having a meeting with Phil and Fury in regards to something secretive. Natasha promised him she would tell Tony, if it was anything that concerned him.
“I’ll watch him, until you get back. This is the last chance you’ll ever get. Fury granted us now between Ryder’s final leave.”
The pain was starting to trouble Tony and he felt numbness begin to settle. Steve let his head fall back to look at the ceiling. Breathing in, he tried centering himself and reminding himself that Tony could take care of himself. Then he had to remind himself that he couldn’t just get close to Tony because well…anyone could see what happens when he gets to close.
Five days had passed and Steve thanked everything that it was a fast five days. Now he was here in the interrogation room at SHIELD, eagerly waiting to get the proceedings on. This is what had filled both his dreams and his nightmares for the past few days. On some occasions, he had to wrap himself even tighter around Tony as he slept.
“After you messing with his head, before Ultron he probably took preventive measures to make sure it didn’t happen again,” Natasha explained. Then seeing Wanda’s tortured expression, she quickly added, “Don’t feel bad.”
“I know,” he said for the first time confident that at least there were two people in this world who would never actually truly leave him. Goodness knows there have been many times when they should have.
Steve nodded. “Yeah, you’re fine as hell. However, I said you’re gorgeous. Don’t forget that darlin’.”
Steve helped Tony, when he got caught. He laughed at the energy and settled over Tony. Tony’s head popped out the corner of his sleeve, before Steve helped correct the mistake in the pursuit of undressing.
Steve didn’t know what happened, but all of a sudden arms were pulling at his shoulders. His vision cleared and he saw Miriam nursing a broken nose. Blood streamed through her fingers as she looked at Steve with almost disbelief that he had hit her, before a smile took her place. Steve was taunted by the laughter that bubbled in his chest at his horrified glance of what he had done.
Peter sounded like he was winded from the whole statement and Steve couldn’t help but to laugh softly at Peter’s look of content.
“Slow down. Food’s not going anywhere,” Tony warned. “And make sure you thank Natasha for making breakfast.”
The two ate the bowl in silence, until Steve put his fork down and looked at Tony. Tony ignored the look, until it grew so heavy that he felt it boring down into his soul.
Bucky went closer to him, already knowing what was happening. Natasha followed Bucky’s movement. Bucky reached out with his flesh hand and pressed it against Steve’s neck.
All of them had varying levels of expressions on their faces, depending on the reason they were there in the waiting room. Steve prayed that he never had the expression of this one particular man sitting opposite of him. His eyes were red and looked dull in expression. Tense lines creased in his forehead and his lips were pursed slightly together.
Tony made a sound. “Doesn’t? Then no one cares. No one cares. Said you all don’t care…and if he doesn’t care. No one cares. No one cares for Tony,” he sang. “Steve?”
“Apparently, there was a car crash in Norway with one of the passengers was Isak Tiege, a prominent voice in the automobile industry.”
The woman waved her hand and apologized. “Sorry, I just naturally assume everyone speaks Norwegian. We haven’t had an American visitor in sometime. Are you here trying to sell something? If so, my husband and I would love to help, but we just do not have the money to do so right now.”
Steve sputtered and quickly tried to come up with a response. “That’s…Tony that’s not what I meant. I mean like chocolate covered bananas not…”
Isa chewed on her bottom lip then answered, “So far T’Challa, Rhodey, Vision, Spiderman, Scott, Sam, and Wanda have all signed. However, this is only the beginning. We’re getting news of other gifted individuals or superheroes as you would call them who are coming forward. Of course we are letting them have anonymity.”
“What? I object to this accusation,” Flash interrupted. “Do you see a person such as myself trying to pick on a freshman?”
Ryder would touch him in a bad way this time. He rarely handed out punishments himself anymore, but if he came back to see this. Ryder would touch him.
Clint was arguing that it had been caused, when Tony was testing one of Natasha’s widow bites. Clint was a dirty liar. He knew that wasn’t Tony and that’s why him and Tony were playfully arguing over this hole that no one had even given mind to, despite it being three years old. He wondered why they never had it fixed.
Miles’ eyes brightened considerably and he nodded excitedly. He held onto Tony closer and rubbed at his nose. “Goin’ home with you baba?”
“I can go take you to see your mom,” Steve blurted out without even knowing what he had said. “I mean I’m the reason Tony hasn’t been at Karen’s for the past month, so I can take you to visit her until he comes back.”
“I’m pretty sure half of these kids are going to have a sugar-high in the next hour or so. Is it bad that I’m kind of waiting to see how the volunteers handle a bunch of highly energized kids?”
“Is this it?” she questioned her voice growing rough from unrestrained anger. “You let the words of Ryder, whom we have known less than three months, to get into your head. You let Tony’s boyfriend dictate your actions without actually talking and listening to Tony?”
“Agreed. Ryder felt pleasure and no remorse in his actions. Your actions were misguided and we all effectively hurt each other, but we’re learning. And I know you…you would never maliciously hurt anyone. So Steve don’t let him fool you into believing yourself as something you are not. It’s a disservice to you and Tony.”
Peter laughed. “I’m glad you’re excited Harls. I mean we told you there wasn’t a need for you to be nervous. Though I’m wondering how the shovel talk is going to go with Aunt Nat.”
“Exactly, which is why I can’t let my son drink coffee that early,” Tony exclaimed. “What are you doing up so early?”
“Lunch is served. Now you two are going to babysit Miles while I go to the lab,” Tony instructed. “Also make sure your homework is finished.”
And something with Dr. Sana just clicked. It was as though all his past mistakes hadn’t mattered to her and she treated him as an actual human…an individual, someone not riddled with notoriety or a dark past.
The two voices carried off softly until Tony could no longer hear them. Tony watched as Harley led Miles toward the playroom. Once they were out of his line of vision, he narrowed his eyes toward Steve. Both of them remained silent. Tony, deciding that Steve wasn’t going to say anything, began to march to his lab. For a second he was sure that he wasn’t being followed at least until he heard Steve’s footsteps follow closely behind him. Without looking back he continued to head to his lab.
“I’m here letting Harley visit his mom,” Steve said. He didn’t want to indulge Ryder with too much more information.
Tony closed his eyes back in shame, not wanting any of them to look at him, after knowing everything he had done. He tried to force himself to sleep.
“Bambino slow down.” Tony rubbed his chest and grabbed a cup so he could cough into it. He hated how Miles was feeling so bad, but hopefully things would clear up.
“I said we have Miriam in our possession and believe she helped Ryder. She’s with us now along with some other members of this organization. No one’s said anything so far including giving up the name, but we have means of making them say something.”
Pepper shrugged unashamedly. “Hey, I’m not the parent. I’m just the fun aunt and I can indulge my nephew with a few things every now and then. Plus I also made sure he ate an extra serving of broccoli that night if you do recall.”
As he walked into the building, he went straight to the kitchen to place Miles’ medicine in the medicine cabinet. Upon reaching the kitchen, he was startled when he saw his former teammates sitting down and staring at Ryder who was leaning against the countertop.
May raised an eyebrow at him. “Tony I’m pretty sure he’s sleeping the appropriate hours necessary. It’s just who
“Well this has been fun, but I think Tony and I will have much more fun in a private setting. And Agent Romanov you can stop trying to track us, where we go no map follows,” Ryder said ending the call just as a sharp slap was heard echoing out of Steve’s phone.
“He’s an idiot,” Steve announced. “Sorry, but I am trying to implement this new honest policy we have going and if Ryder can’t see how amazing you are with Miles then he’s stupid. Besides you didn’t spring a kid on him. It’s his own fault for not realizing how connected you two were. I only saw you two together for a few weeks and I knew. So stupid, he’s just stupid.”
“I come here every week so I’ll let you know what day I come and maybe you can come with me again. Though maybe this time you can get your little evil minions not to attack me. Like I’m pretty sure I won’t be able to remove what it was that your little ones made. Like what’s in it?”
At that moment Harley chose to run into the kitchen carrying a sniffling Miles. Steve’s ears immediately heard the sniffling and he searched Miles’ face for the root of the problem. Harley immediately went to the medicine cabinet and grabbed a Band-Aid. Steve left his spot from making the salad and went toward Harley.
“You did. You did good. Okay, he’s talking about the candy workshop they had. It’s a few doors down,” Natasha explained.
By the time Steve had settled on one of these conversation starters, Tony had drifted off to sleep beside him. Steve sighed and tilted his head back. Okay, moment lost. But he would get another one soon. Steve settled into his spot and tried ignoring how Tony’s sock clothed feet kept pressing against his thigh every time he moved.
The two hugged and went back to their respective places. Marley let go of her noise and then let out an exaggerated breath.
He stood, unbuttoning his waistcoat with the flick of a hand and then offering that hand to Tony. “May I?”
“Why did he do it?” Steve disregarded everything else Tony said. He wasn’t mad about Pepper, far from it. He just wanted to know if he should shoot Howard Stark in the knee or in both knees.
A quiet whimper escaped him and he buried his face further against James for safety but also out of embarrassment. James didn’t say anything, he only continued to hold Clint tightly. Clint couldn’t even find it in himself to be grateful for this man because he was just so embarrassed and overwhelmed by everything else he was feeling.
Bucky walked in barely awake and yawning, rubbing his tired eyes only to stop dead in his tracks when he saw Steve sitting at the table with his cup of coffee and breakfast. He scratched his head, looking around for any sign of Tony and then back to Steve.
Steve grinned, taking Tony’s hand and shaking it firmly. He laughed, remembering something else, and said, “James wants to teach you to use a knife.”
The words hurt his heart and he frowned again, his eyebrows pulling together. Oh, he’d hurt Howard again just for making Tony say that. “Even if there were a way to escape, which there isn’t, he more than likely wouldn’t be able to get to it,” he told him. Leaving off the implied ‘in his condition.’ He was nervous to see how Tony would react to what Steve was saying.
James struggled a little more to get his own reaction under control. The pure rage and hatred that washed over him when he realized he could feel all of Clint’s ribs so easily was almost overwhelming.
forgive me?” Steve huffed out a laugh, pulling Tony in for a kiss that began sweet and simple but he deepened it, pushing Tony’s lips apart and sliding his tongue in, kissing him breathless. He pulled back, biting Tony’s bottom lip as he went. “How about,” he said, his voice lower and a little hoarse from arousal, “I take you upstairs and treat you to what I did our first time?”
With Clint next to him his anxieties were much more quiet since he didn’t have to worry about his friend being away. That also meant that he was paying more attention to his surroundings and what was happening. He saw Steve and the look in his eyes that he tried to hide.
Tony smiled weakly, his arms wrapped around his legs again. “I don’t think they planned for us to get taken away either.”
They would go tomorrow night, deciding that although it would make it more difficult to spot Bakuto’s men, the same would be true for them.
Steve, about to head out of the kitchen, stopped dead and whirled around to face Benni. “Come again, lad?”
“What did you say?” Tony whispered and Pepper just winked at him. He pointed to the table and unwrapped the top layer with her.
“Not bothered. Worried. She doesn’t need to worry about me more than she does.” Steve held Tony closer, not sure what he meant. “I am enjoying this too.”
“I hope so,” Clint said, taking a piece of the bread and eating it slowly. Any other time he would have insisted on sharing but not when he felt how he did now. “I don’t think this is how they planned on us meeting.” There was a small smile on Clint’s lips. It was equal parts happy and sad.
Steve laughed again, shaking his head. “You know, you need longer periods in between comforting James and jackass James.”
Once outside the hospital Tony didn’t get in the car immediately but stayed outside in the cold and breathed in the fresh air with his eyes closed. Sarah waited patiently for him to get in and didn’t ask him was he was doing and he was grateful for it.
He pushed the door open and walked out, standing beside her, using her as a cover for any prying eyes. With the way the bar was set up, no one could really see him without encroaching on Natalia’s personal space and not a soul dared to do that.
There was more discussion of territory and James inquired of the actual purity of Gao’s red snake heroin, as she called it, and she offered to send him off with some that she pulled out of her pocket in a tiny packet. James took it and handed it to Dmitri without a word.
He took the stairs two at a time, his heart racing and palms sweating. James couldn’t remember ever having been this nervous in his entire life but he knew a lot was at stake here. He pushed Steve’s door open to see him stood at the shelves where he kept his pictures and books, searching for the photo album in question. Steve turned briefly.
“You haven’t seen my boy when he’s hungry. Going to bed without dinner! Oh he’ll be hungry like a bear.” She smiled the way only a mother could and it was absolutely beautiful. Steve had told him he knew what Tony was going through, which meant Sarah had been witness to those things as well. And yet they had overcome it all. Did that mean Benni and Tony would too?
“Are you asking for yourself? Because I won’t judge if you want to play with them. I saw how disappointed you were when Benni didn’t want to play with you the other night,” he said and ate a little just to look as if he was trying.
James shrugged. “It was a last minute decision. Dmitri and I finished up some work early. Thought I’d surprise you.”
Benni was hugging Lucky, still pouting because he didn’t want to accept that Clint was taking the dog back with him. On weekends Lucky had barely ever left Benni’s side, even when the boy was napping or reading a book. Even though Tony hadn’t always liked dogs, he did have to admit that he was sad to see this sunshine in dog form go.
“I missed you too,” Steve said, sitting on the bed beside him so he could pull Tony against his side as gently as possible. He pressed kisses into his hair, not caring that he needed a shower. This was Tony,
Steve nodded. “Good eye,” he agreed. “This is her favorite one. She likes to sit right there.” He pointed to the end of the couch closest to the fireplace. On the little table beside it was a book and he could see the little piece of yarn sticking out that she always marked her pages with.
“Everything alright?” Sarah asked and rubbed Tony’s shoulder which made him flinch for the first time in weeks.
“Hey there, boyo, pleasure finally making your acquaintance. I’ll give ya a proper squeeze when you’re feeling a wee bit better.” Her other hand was resting on Benni’s shoulder and he looked up at her with a smile that she returned. “This wee
The door was shut and Clint decided not to see if it was locked because he figured there was someone standing outside his door and he wasn’t quite ready for whoever it was to know that he was awake.
