He snapped. Then his shoulders hunched, and he continued. “…that I can say, for certain. But look— I tried to prevent it, okay? It's not my fault Magneto distracted me when I was trying to run security. Fucking Oswald...”
...this was going to be a long night, wasn't it.
] adrift in a time and world that wasn’t his own, [
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
as they took in the headlines. Some announcing the CEO and face of the newest company to reach Fortune 500, others telling all and sundry of the turmoil in the stock market and academia as the owner Stark Industries was being accused of extortion and intellectual property theft— a heavy accusation for someone who had once worked on the Manhattan Project. The few that weren't, were proudly introducing the brilliant prodigy who had taken the world by storm. A genius who promised to usher in a new age of innovation, despite the tremendous hardships he'd faced along the way.
thing he needed was any rumors of James Buchanan Barnes surviving an impossible fall, especially since the full extent of what the supersoldier serum was capable of wasn't known yet.
Or, well.
the Casket of Ancient Winters. Not theft, because he put he back once he was finished, but Loki's discovery that the Svartalfar handled the cold even more poorly than Asgardians was one he exploited to the fullest when it came to his quest to keep them from ever reaching his brother's home.
It wasn't a fun game. More of a long con, actually, and Tony wasn't proud of the person he was becoming as he fought Howard and Obie's attempts to keep him under control, as if he was some child who they could manipulate into doing their bidding simply because they asked. [
could, it's fucking genetics at work here I—"
to leave you guys to your op when someone decided to say hi."
They'd all observed Howard Stark at some point or another, and her interactions with Janus Enterprises' CEO had also given her a decent read on his character. As such, she'd briefed them all on what was most likely to happen— prepared them all for the inevitable clash of personalities between the one who had once been one of the most powerful men in the country, and the one who had been raised seeing the worst the Soviet Union had to offer.
In another life, maybe Tony wouldn't have been around when Howard lost his temper.
It was...nice, actually.
"Screw it, the timeline's fucked already, might as well get Steve in on this."
"Director?"
In this one, however, Tony took just a bit too much after his mother: he didn’t break, when put under extreme pressure.
for the Helicarrier designs was a good idea?"
], Loki found himself intrigued.
Tony Stark walks away and leaves everything Howard might have offered without so much as a backwards glance. He doesn’t care about the money, about the empire he could have inherited— he cares about how he’d feel having to look at the man responsible for his mother’s condition in the face for the rest of his life.
hadn't been able to get him to bend to their will even after gods knew how many hours of torture?
Tony Stark gave the ominously-nondescript man a tight smile.
not smuggling out a man who'd singlehandedly taken down a roomful of jack-booted types in her trunk, for that matter, but beggars can't be choosers.
"You are among friends, Stephen." Mordo continued, and his heart clenched. "I may not understand why you deemed it necessary to risk interfering with the timeline in such a way, but know this: it is impossible for one man to do everything, but you can always ask for help."
But then again, he was
"People change, Steve." Natasha had warned him quietly, but... Howard Stark had been one of the last connections he'd had to a world he even remotely recognized. Had been one of the things he'd found himself leaning on, in another timeline, and it
The way he reacted, she might as well have pulled a gun on him, instead of offered some help.
"Oh, no, I was trying to ask you." Agent replied. "My supervisors wanted me to take this directly to Stark, but..."
shifting to despair—realizes what’s about to happen, and grabs Tony and hurls them both through the portal before the bomb can go off.
was up with that.
Normally in cases like these, he'd try to imitate Justin Hammer's aura of douchebaggery and it'd be enough to get most people to leave him alone, but not SHIELD. With SHIELD, with
It took far more self-control than he was willing to admit to, to tear his eyes from a sketch artist's rendition of what Tony would look like now. It was surprisingly accurate, all things considered. The artist seemed to think Tony would take more after his mother as he got older, though it wasn't like there was a way for him to say anything about it. "This happens regularly?"
Everyone exchanged a look.
missed Natalia right now.
“He hid his path,” said the Ancient One, and they both jerked their heads sharply towards her.
Which raised a metric buttload of red flags in and of itself, especially when combined with the few scraps of information Juno's network could scrounge up, and the nightmares that Logan
On paper, Tony was supposed to get the company and take it to a new level.
Sadly enough, Reed Richards was shaping up to be their best bet. Especially compared to everyone else on the list: Victor Von Doom had a lot of potential, but he was also very much a wily bastard and last thing anyone needed was to risk pissing off the future leader of a foreign power who made full use of his diplomatic immunity at every turn. Conversely, Dr. Charles Xavier had been very polite during their meeting, but had also emphasized that his school for 'gifted youngsters' took priority and thus might not answer if they needed help. Meanwhile, nobody was inclined to reach out to Howard Stark for help, not when the man made no bones about how he'd do things.
He shuddered. Then, in the distance, he heard footsteps, and…no.
] irony. “I suppose it’s very fortunate I have absolutely no intention going to go through with the plan, then.”
“What can I say, I had a few decades and I was bored.”
oh fuck, no wonder he flipped out in Siberia.”
Loki wondered how often she'd said that lie, to believe it herself.
Give an inch, and they'd try and take three miles. He'd learned it the hard way.
"Well, shit."
who the hell are these guys running around in spandex?"
Knowing Loki now, Peter suspected that meant even more pranks on the Avengers. The Peter from five years ago would have been aghast; now, however, he was silently cheering him on.
"Do you have any better ideas? We're already having a hard time with HYDRA and Thor's hammer showed up decades ahead of schedule, we
Tony made a face, but...he couldn't even deny it.
Everyone else in the room exchanged a long look, the abruptly-tense silence now just the calm before the storm as the ramifications hit home.
"I still don't like this."
"Iron Man," Agent spoke again, "we'll need to debrief, this is a—"
“You have the Eye,” the Ancient One said with a raised eyebrow, even as she too moved to approach them. “The Eye that I personally ensured was secured during the Zealots’ attack. Stephen, what have you been up to?”
"Don't look at me," Maria Hill said with a raised eyebrow as she held up the folder in her hands, "I've been busy tracking down the divergences between our timelines. Which, by the way, isn't as much as you'd think it is, which is suspicious in and of itself but that's something for later."
Maybe, in another life, she might've been able to pull her punches, might have been able to burn his empire to the ground with her bare hands. But here, she had less than a month to get her son and herself out from under Howard Stark's thumb.
He could do something about the grazes, about the burns and abrasions he could pick out even now— but not the look in his eyes.
“Wait, wait— what exactly? Reassess as in bringing him in, or...” Dr. Banner didn't flush green, but the look in his eyes was more than enough to make up for it.
of these lies, after a lifetime of hearing them. If the Man of Iron had been treated even a fraction of the way Loki had...
to.” Tony grins.
-------------------------
in the work shop is his favorite past time- well that, and Steve. Both makes him forget all laws and rules of time, directing his focus to one single thing. And so, when not even 3 hours into his workshop time Tony found himself starting to get dizzy and hazy, he felt
“I know. Okay! Now it’s your turn! Dance for me, captain,”
She’s literally your agent, Tony.
“Tony?”
“Rogers is in your bracket, you’re not really projected to meet, though.” Tony is disappointed at this, if only a little. He admired Steve’s play through 2011-2014. But they didn’t meet on court, ever. He
“If you share all the time I’m sure Thor and Rhodes would have at least five more majors each- not that Thor is doing badly, anyways.”
“Tony.” He finds himself saying it out loud in a bare whisper, electing a small smile from Bucky.
“Rolling?”
“Do it for me, won’t you?”
——————
“All I have to do is
“Actually it’s quite the opposite. You came to me. You were the one who- came up with your little foolish analysis and so, on the contrary. I believe that you, Steve Rogers, are obsessed with me. Now have a nice day.” Tony then walks away, drink in hand. It enrages Steve to think that this is how the scenario played out. He’s not willing to let the prince have the last word.
And at that moment, they step closer. It’s as if the moment has been written by the gods, with the sun setting behind them, and the waves calm on their feet. Steve steps closer, until there’s barely any room between them.
“I’d like to think you’re wrong. I’ve been nothing but civil, every time. Perhaps you’re just overthinking it. And I really would suggest a tad bit of a break for you,”
They landed in London with quite a fanfare. The city is beautiful, and Steve thinks of how much history is present in every little crook of it. He texts Sam a picture of the streets, updating him about their day. Sam sending stickers back to him. Steve never understood the concept behind replying to other people’s messages with just stickers.
Steve’s thumb reaches out, wiping the tears. His finger lingers there for awhile, and he decides that Steve doesn’t want to see Tony sad, ever again. And he won’t let Tony be sad, not if he has anything to say about it.
“Still doesn’t explain why you’re tired.”
True to his words, not ten seconds later, there’s a knock on his door. The temptation to ignore the sound and not let Bucky in is supermassive. But he breaks, and he opens the door for Bucky.
“My pick.”
share, sometimes, Though he doesn’t know why him not winning titles would count as sharing.
“At least let me get some ice,” It’s funny how Steve went over to Tony trying to asses disaster and instead he just made more disaster happen.
long. So far, he’s been winning the odd sets with ease, but Rogers seems to have taken a liking to making his life utterly difficult in the even sets. His thighs are starting to burn like hell, and Tony’s struggling to keep profanities away from his mouth- wouldn’t want a warning from the umpire. When he counts the points and takes account of the fact that it’s Steve serving turn, they’ll probably have to resolve the final set with a tie-break. A fucking joy. It’s six to five on a deuce and his assumptions proved to be correct when Steve equalized their games, triggering the ten point tie break. Tony is going to win points like his life depends on it. And his pride does depend on him winning. Tony admires Steve Rogers, heck Tony has loved every minute of playing Steve Rogers. That doesn’t mean Tony is willing to lose to him, though.
Angie walks in with a literal bang, smart suit with a pencil skirt, 4-inch-heels and the grace and power of Washington.
“Oh Captain, you’re the most amazing person who has ever graced the land,” Steve would do anything to always be in the receiving end of Tony’s smiles. And Steve has been in the receiving end for quite awhile now. Whenever they go to baseball games together, whenever they go on a picnic, or for cheeseburgers together. What makes Steve happiest is seeing Tony happy. So he orders the cheeseburgers and bring his sketchpad upstairs. He asks to be notified when the food arrives, and goes to grab some blankets to place in the living room. Then, the moment Tony comes up from his workshop, also marked the arrival of their food. Perfect timing.
“Well how about you do your thing first, and then I’ll follow along, Mr. Stark” Tony rolls his eyes, but he stands up and steps up to the piano.
“Did you read the article they wrote about you in the New York Times?” Pepper brings down her tablet to look at Tony. On another sofa, Tony has his head on Janet’s lap, her hands running a soft stroke through Tony’s hair.
“They serve amazing everything, so I am making you try everything. Sit tight Steve.”
“I promise you, this specific beach is the best. I know it’s a pretty long way but it’s worth it! And we’d get to watch the sunset there!” What Tony wants, Tony gets.
“Let’s start, name of relatives?”
Awww but I’ve been around that other half of the demon redhead twins so much :(
“You’re still not going to tell me where we’re going?”
————————-
“Are you asking me for my number, Mr. Rogers?” a sly grin.
“Morning sleepyhead, I got you a cappuccino on my run earlier, have at it.” Steve places the paper cup of coffee in front of Tony, the drowsy man straight up inhaling it.
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA
“Fish and chips.”
“Delightful, Jarv.” Edwin Jarvis is
“Let’s do something, I’m bored.” Tony puts down his tablet and Steve looks up from his sketchpad.
after
“I don’t understand your point, really. At all of our encounters I’ve been civil towards you.”
“Your father arranged it, actually.” well that was more than a bit strange, he didn’t even know the Rogers-Barnes wonder duo would show up in Dubai. He thought they’d have their fill, after winning in Rotterdam (Rogers) and Rio (Barnes). But then again, why else would his father be in Dubai?
“Why Ms.Potts, you know for a fact that there’s simply just no one like me.”
gonna go back to hotel, take a break.
They’re currently in Tony’s Malibu Mansion, which Steve thinks is absolutely glorious and serene. A few days ago Tony basically commandeered Steve on a road trip, enjoying some sights along the way with a clear goal of reaching Malibu. Back in his war times Steve toured the country a little promoting bonds, but that was pretty much the limits of his travels. Being in the 21st century and finally getting to enjoy the things that surround him has certainly been a great highlight of waking up. The other? The other was Tony. Steve can’t really explain how greatly he feels for Tony, he thinks it’s almost poetic for the future and the past to come together, both anchoring each other to stay in the present day. If it’s not obvious enough, Steve has probably been in love with Tony since he first laid eyes on him, the moment he woke up. And Steve wishes he had the nerves to tell Tony how he feels.
“And?” He inquires.
“So I just have to do this and then that’ll be it, right?”
“I mean, I certainly wouldn’t mind it. He’s a great player. This was of course our first match against each other and I’ve been pleasantly surprised by his quality of play.”
“You know, you sort of said the exact same thing the last time, Tony.”
“What’s cooking good looking?”
“Wanna go get lunch somewhere?”
“Why are you looking at me like that? yes- you DUM-E, I’m fine.”
All in all, he’d make a bet to himself, try not to drop a set through the entire tournament. Win it again, and then get ready for the sunshine double. He reckons that his friends will stand in the way of him defending all of his titles from last year. Heck he’s already giving up one by not doing Monte Carlo, choosing instead to start clay season a bit later into April. Tony’s currently more focused on the gold though. He doesn’t have a men’s singles gold medal, and he can’t retire completely happy without it belonging to him, not a single chance. He’ll have quite the fight for gold this year, probably, seeing as this would be the last olympic games for a lot of them. Possibly him, possibly Rhodey, possibly Thor. For a moment he entertains the thought of him playing in the 2024 olympics at 36 years old. Play it, yes. Win it? Unlikely. Steve is right, he
You poor friendless thing.
Tony doesn’t talk about his youth a lot, but he found there are three constants in the stories that he tell, the story he knows. The Jarvis’, James Rhodes, and Maria Stark. He knows that they are the people Tony has always kept close to his heart. The ones he can’t stop to remember when he cooks, when he talks legends with Steve, when he’s on the piano.
The residence is wonderful, he admits. It’s also convenient for him. When his mom became president, it was a wonderful and glaring transition. Long before the white house was a dump apartment in brooklyn in which he called a home, and then things sky rocketed. His grandparents were Irish immigrants, fleeing the country at times of great peril, and now he’s america’s first son.
“Your royal highness,”
“I’m gonna be honest here Stevie, we have to talk about the incident. I’m not gonna say much but Angie wants to talk to you so, just say yes, okay punk? Try not to be a smart ass,” Steve didn’t need Bucky to tell him that, it’s not as if Steve was actually that reckless. He knows he messed up, and he also knows that he has to make up for it. For him, his mom, and the united states. Whatever it takes.
The grass is crisp, the wind is just the right kind of a subtle breeze, and he decides that today is the day. He’s going to visit him. And so he walks, slow and hesitant, still afraid to face the truth of what will lie before him when he meets his destination.
“Goodbye, Tony.”
Sorry for this VERY overdue update! Good news is I finally got over writer’s block and I’m already  starting the next chapter so the wait shouldn’t be that long. Don’t forget to leave a kudos and a comment to tell me what you think about it!
“We’re a little far off Sicily right now.”
“Catch me if you can!”
“Aw come on, you’re the star spangled man with a plan!”
“So you don’t like the article?”
like to dramatically recite his wins and losses and ‘beautiful encounters’ with Tony when given the room. He loves the guy.
“We- he’s in custody”
to ask Carol out, you’re just a coward.” Rhodey inhales. And then he exhales. “And hey, if you really don’t want to do it, just make sure you win, Jim.” Not that Tony is going to make it easy for him to win. He likes how it’s laid out. If things work out, he’d have his 20th grand slam, on the second day of the second month of 2020. And that’s just plain
“Eggs Benedict, and you’re having them.”
“You two, as far as the world can see, are best friends. I don’t care how you act between closed doors, but you’re best friends. I scheduled a visit for you to London, you two will do events, and you’ll be photographed.”
“Cap… what are you doing exactly?” Steve flinched back his hand and blushes.
“Mr. Stark, no...” Peter takes a deep breath, he can feel his heart racing inside his chest, his pupils blown wide in shock and fear.
“Help me up? I’m already standing, Steve.”
Tony doesn’t know how Jarvis will manage that, there’s no reason for Howard to relinquish a few hours of his mentees time to play around with Tony after all. He accepts the comforting thought anyway. Even if, Tony can be
“You picked out your shit for the royal thing yet ?” Bucky asked over a mouthful of egg rolls.
“Best italian food you’ll ever taste.” They get into the car and it drives off, Tony going what Steve guesses is probably above the speed limit.
That night, they’re just lounging along the couch. Steve with his sketchpad, and Tony with his tablet. They’re sitting in silence, the comfortable kind.
next year.”
“Maybe... Tony? He told me to call him that when the incident happen.”
The next thing he knows, they’re on Tony’s private plane on to god knows where. See, another thing about Tony. Tony has a knack for adventure, and that knack for adventure is accompanied by spontaneity. The thing about Tony is, he tries to live life to the fullest, he’s spontaneous in things that he enjoys, spontaneous in making decisions. And Steve loves how this thing about Tony basically contributes to all his other
Rhodey runs his hands through his eyes, his vision getting hazier from the tears.
“Seriously your highness? You’re going with that move?”
Steve cleans up as they finish, Tony leaving with the promise of ‘The most fantastic beach day out’ an optimistic step in his legs as he walks back to his room, maybe to shower. And wow, imagining Tony naked in the shower, he decides, shouldn’t be a regular thing.
“I know that. But, you two are supposed to be best friends, right? You can’t call him Anthony or prince Anthony?”
The white house is grand. White tall pillars, green grass, tennis courts. The white house is also a cage. It’s gated for everyone to see, an attraction for people to lurk. People always remarks to him, they ask him, what is it like to live in a place of history?
“And best friends know everything, from birthdays to favorite foods. Better read up Steve” he leaves Angie’s office after that, returning back to the residence.
“I’m just tired, Jan.”
“NO!” he scurries, his voice breathless.
A few minutes later Tony grins to himself. Because finally he’s going to serve. Tony’s currently losing the tie break, a real tragedy. But he’s not world no.1 for nothing. No matter how much Tony just absolutely loathes Howard, his father had once been one of the best servers in the world, something that Tony inherited from the old man. So really, he’ll finish this quickly. No problem.
“Breakfast first?”
“Of course you do, he’s your best friend.” Angie hands Steve a file, inside it is everything he probably needs to know about the prince.
“Hey Buck, what did you steal tonight?” He peeks into the room right across from him.
“Well, what do you propose we do?” Steve raises his eyebrows at him.
“No it’s just I have a James of my own at home, might’ve met him a few times. Pretty tall, handsome, grouchy, and pretty overall cuddly. A ten out of ten James, really.” he sees Barnes smiling at that, Steve is just bashfully laughing.
“I think everyone knows him, the same way everyone knows you.” Tony ignores the last part of the comment, surely Steve knew that Tony meant as friends.
“Yeah, it’s Steve” Steve brushes away a strand of stray hair on Tony’s lids. Steve frowns to the feel of Tony’s burning forehead.
Captain America may live, but Steve Rogers... he’s dead.
“At four in the morning?”
Tony also imagines Steve’s smile.
“You’re awake?” Steve sees Tony perk up at his arrival.
The next thing Tony knows the crowd is cheering- but not so fast.
“My my, are you converting Captain America into a kept man?”
“Sure, Tony. You can start.”
. Tony sees his opponent’s eyes flash with instant recognition of the misstep, ready to return the serve. When the ball makes contact with Rogers’ racket, he realizes where the ball is going-
“Let it rest.”
“Umm... his name?”
“What?”
Tony excitedly swings his arm around Rhodey’s neck after his win against T’Challa in the semi-finals. After already scoring his ticket to the finals the night before, he’s excited to go against his best friend in the finals. It’s been awhile since they’ve had a grand slam duke out. People think it’s strange for them as best friends to want to go against each other, and hell, beat each other so much. But Rhodey is always in the belief that Tony needs a good ass kicking every now and then, and who better to deliver it than his own best friend?
“But was I wrong?”
“Ease it in soldier.”
“Well, you’ll also be meeting Barnes so let’s not fixate yourself on Steve too much, wouldn’t want the poor boy to feel excluded.” He’s heard of Barnes before, mostly through second hand stories from Natasha and Rhodey, Rhodey who faced him in Rotterdam and is now in Acapulco.
See another thing about Tony, is how unashamed he can be sometimes. Steve thinks that Tony is bold, a lot of times uncaring of what others around him think about him. And sure, sometimes it can take a turn for the worse, and people may brand it as stubbornness. But honestly, this thing about Tony that Steve loves is just how unashamedly Tony, Tony can be. He loves how unafraid he is to let himself be free, yet stay guarded at the same time. Steve loves the way Tony isn’t ashamed of enjoying great pleasures, loves the way Tony has never been ashamed to be himself- well, not anymore.
“I’m under Number One.” Tony hands back his phone to Steve.
“Tony, meet James Barnes. Bucky, this is Tony Stark.” Tony reaches out his hand to Bucky for a hand shake.
Hey there, it’s Steve.
“What’s a viceroy?” Bucky questions, his own flute of champagne in his hands.
“Relax, I picked something out. And it’s been approved and everything too!” Steve says. “Anyways, what’s up in your tabloids this week?” He asks Bucky out of curiosity. It’s always interesting to know what people are talking about, especially if it’s about him. It’s not narcissism or anything, he’d just prefer to be aware.
he’s the most boring
Tony Stark finally rejoins the tour for the Australian Open. First seed and defending champion, and the ultimate favorite to win. Currently though, he’s enjoying a cup of coffee with his best friend. Australia makes splendid coffee, and it’s in his job as a worshiper of the drink to explore Australia’s finest shops. Well, Melbourne’s finest shops. Rhodey catches him up with the gossip that he missed during the newly held ATP Cup. Personally, Tony skipped out on the ATP Cup, preferring its previous Hopman Cup. Rhodey is currently fourth seed, he and Tony are on opposite sides of the bracket, unlikely to meet and play against each other in the Rod Laver Arena. Well except the possibility of a finals between them.
“Get up, we’re going for a run.”
Steve deals with the consequences of his actions
And so he reads.
“Thor, hi! What can I do for you bud?” Tony pats Thor’s amazingly muscle filled arm.
stereotype in existence?
Tony’s pick, as it turns out, was a quaint mexican restaurant along the coast. They go through the whole menu, their table filled to the brim with food, food that even Tony himself has never even tried previously. And that’s another thing about Tony. Tony is adventurous, he loves new things and new experiences. From travelling the world to trying new cuisine, Tony has never been shy with his curiosity. Ever. And the way Tony admires new things is unique on its own, he’s never seen someone so excited for an adventure.
“Let’s do this again, shall we?” Tony winks to Steve, stepping forward to shake the umpire’s hand.
“At four in the morning.”
have to share sometimes. No matter how much he hates to do it.
-----
———————
As the hours drone on, Steve gets bored. He kept drawing and drawing and drawing. He listens to music and converses with Tony. But now he’s just looking outside the window, towards the blue skies.
Steve knows that amongst all the things that Tony is, the one he has most struggled with is allowing his ability to not be ashamed of who he is shine through. The thing Steve hates about Tony, is how insecure he can get when it comes to it. He’d like to hug Tony, assure him with every single compliment and words of reassurance known to men, and perhaps even more. Because, Steve Rogers truly loves for Tony Stark, to unashamedly be Tony Stark.
a Dickens book. HIM.
Steve grabs an ice pack from the freezer, going back downstairs instantly to tend on Tony. As soon as he gets downstairs, Steve orders Tony to sit down beside him, placing the ice pack on his possibly bruised or even concussed head. “Are you sure you’re feeling okay?”
Steve puts down his sketchpad at the sound of Tony’s high pitched yelp. He closes the sketchpad and places it on the sofa, noticing the charcoal stains on his hand. Steve then walks through the workshop in search of Tony. Usually, Tony is always in Steve’s line of sight when he works, an absolutely perfect time to capture the beauty that is Tony Stark. But earlier Tony did say something about working on one of his cars, so perhaps he’s in the other part of the workshop.
“Looking forward to England?”
“You play a great game, Rogers.” he shakes Steve’s hands in the net.
“Tasha didn’t you take the international diplomatic briefing thing whatever? What’s a viceroy?”
“I know, shellhead. I know,”
In a short moment of salvation, Steve finds his hands reaching towards Tony’s sleeves. The end results of such action would be the prince falling with him. Falling on top of him.
“I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t visit, I’m sorry I couldn’t take care of your friends, I’m sorry I couldn’t save you, I’m so sorry”
And something that he’s newly fell in love with, what he hopes he can continue to love is the way Tony feels in his arms, the way Tony’s lips sync with his. And Steve decides, this time, that this moment isn’t the moment he wants to stay in forever, this place isn’t where he wants to stay forever. Because, what matters, what his constant is- is who he’s with, and that’s Tony. So Steve concludes, that no matter when and no matter where, if Tony is there, that’s where he wants to be. And that includes the past, the present, and the future, an eternity of Tony.
See, Steve, Bucky, and Natasha are dubbed the white house trio, it’s amazing PR. Together, the three of them are iconic, show-stopping, and the absolute darlings of America.
And now, off to woo the world into the mindset of him and the prince being best friends it is.
“Because, you mucked up. And, the royal family are already going here for the state dinner in a few months.”
Tony locks his lips on Steve’s, his head tilted a bit. Steve deepens the kiss, expands his arms to hold Tony, pulling him possessively, letting their bodies be in touch with each other. They continue for awhile, eventually parting for a breather.
? He’s always bitching about travelling to my tournaments as an excuse. And now- the one time I’m in New York he just fucks off to the Swiss alps?”
That night, when Steve went to bed, he can’t stop thinking about Tony. He keeps remembering how beautiful Tony looks, how enchanting Tony is. And what Steve realizes is that for awhile now, his mind has been occupied and taken control of by Tony Stark. And Steve thinks, there’s a beauty in that.
“After marrying Howard, my mom never really had anything of her own anymore… but there was always this. It’s basically her paradise. She’d pick some fruits and vegetables from the garden, even built a birdhouse.”
“God- I’m sorry, I- I gotta go” Steve hurriedly stands up, patting some grass that stuck to his jeans. He turned around and takes a deep breath as he’s about to leave.
“You know Thor’s won titles, a lot of them. There’s Rhodey, Udaku, Barton, Loki- I don’t own the game” The other guys on tour are fantastic too, is his point. The media has an absurd obsession with Anthony Stark, always has. He wishes it weren’t so. Tony’s greatest joy is playing tennis, and he’d enjoy doing tennis as purely tennis and not like the circus it is now. With him as the apparent ring leader in the media.
, the entire reason why Peter is even standing here, he’s gone. His mentor, as a hero, as an inventor, as a person. He’ll trade anything just to see the lifeless body he’s holding in his arms rustle- to see his body move, any sign of life from him, because Peter can’t lose him, not anymore. Not again. The world needs him- the world needs Mr. Stark. Peter needs him.
“Exactly.”
“Speak now or forever hold your silence, Cap,” Tony speaks to him, a smile on his face. And god, Steve wants to kiss him so bad.
“He did.” Bucky rolled his eyes at this statement.
“This is the library, of course. It’s probably one of my favorite libraries, and I feel like you’d love it too.” Tony isn’t wrong, Steve does love it. The library, just like most of the house, overlooks the ocean. It’s peaceful. It’s quiet. The pair walks through it, Tony going so far as showing Steve his figure collection. And again, Steve thinks, he’d give anything to be able to always see Tony like this.
” Clint grimaced. “Damn. The HYDRA mess I got, but how did
"Because he's their CEO, and the man credited with the invention of the miniaturized arc reactor."
He stole medical supplies to bandage his mangled left shoulder from the first village he saw, stole a notebook and a pen several dozen kilometers after that, and just generally used every shred of skill he had to evade every single patrol he saw because the
She glared. "It
to be on the offensive if he didn't want to get steamrollered into oblivion.
of being found by HYDRA and being forced to do their bidding for the better part of a century, of…
Director Fury took one look at his face, then at the paper sitting at the counter, and sighed. “You
“By all rights, he’s the first one to show up and try to micromanage the timeline.” Fury shrugged. “I’d say that’s enough to cut him some slack, don’t you?”
Now that his magic was unbound, now that his mind was his own and not under thrall or in the throes of madness…Loki felt the beginnings of a cold smile steal over his face.
“Dr. Strange?”
Five minutes later, Natasha Romanov slumped against Clint with a muttered curse.
...for some reason, Agent looked wistful for a moment there. Weird.
“Woke up, realized HYDRA was about to find me, and fucked off to Wakanda because like hell I was doing this bullshit again. Good thing Azzuri was willing to hear me out.”
Now, in another life, Tony might have bent when Howard levied his expectations on him as an adult. Might have kept the greater good in mind, might have considered who else might have stood to benefit and focused on thwarting them even as he struggled to maintain afloat. If he had, he would have worn himself thin while keeping everything together and would have resulted in a vaguely recognizable universe for those who remembered a different history.
If he hadn’t clung to what was left his dignity, he would have. Especially as his eyes refocused and it took every scrap of his centuries’ of experience to not react at the familiar glass prison that the Midgardians had once put him in [
"When's the last time you drank something that wasn't coffee?"
Truly, he should have known better than to expect this little venture to have resulted in anything other than disaster.
"Forget
"On my way." Widow spoke, sounding far more professional than their first encounter. "Archives cleared, nothing new here. Sit tight, I'll be there in five."
Dr. Stephen Strange had still been reeling from his discovery that he'd killed a man [
Or use every shred of her image as a pretty young woman wandering around alone in the wrong part of town, all wide-eyed and innocent and most
Yeah, Tony'd been very careful in cultivating his reputation as contrary bastard.
"But—"
With that, he blasted off and started to fly away from whatever the hell was going on, dodging the debris and trying to avoid getting caught up in...whatever the hell this was.
Silence.
Part of Tony gets it, thanks to Jarvis. Gets
It helped that Loki was more than willing to serve as a distraction from the others.
"And you are certain you do not wish to involve the others? It would be—"
well, which was a whole other headache.
Suffice it is to say, Loki took the young Spider under his wing. Especially when he found the child shared the Man of Iron's lack of self-preservation in favor of snark, and that is
As it was, they were struggling to keep track of the changes, working hard to make sure that all the changes were for the better, so that things wouldn't end in tears [
The Winter Soldier was a cryptid in the intelligence community: a masked man with a silver arm who flitted in and out of shadows on a whim, who appeared to sabotage some projects while assisting in others without exchanging so much as a word with anyone. There were alleged sightings on nearly every continent, but even the best cameras on the market didn't capture so much as a blur regardless of where he appeared.
Tony Stark was eighteen when he took his inheritance, and walked away from everything Howard had to offer.
people weren't as dramatic, for crying out loud!
your wards will be enough to secure the Aether."
Tony hadn't set out to take over the organization that kidnapped him, but that's what ended up happening anyway.
"Nope. We were never that close. How about you, Phil? He looked pretty shaken up when he heard you died after New York."
Maria couldn’t remember what day it was, off the top of her head.
No, really: he'd been following a potential lead on one of Kilian's connections [
Under any other circumstances, he would've left when he was 18 without looking back, but.
If you don’t roll with the punches that come with saving the world, then get the fuck out of our way.”
Bucky turned to King T’Chaka.
"Who the hell thought commissioning
“Funny what several months of torture and the Mind Stone can do, isn’t it.” He wasn’t going to mention the madness before the fall. He
He trailed off, but everyone knew was thinking it.
Thor did, Mind Stone in hand as he made a vain attempt to clear his brother's name in their realm, but Loki was perfectly content to never return.
“You woke up when you fell from the train, didn’t you.” Maria Hill said more than asked, and he nodded.
He gave an aggrieved sigh, then scrubbed a hand over his face. She caught a muttered "—am I even doing this, this is a mistake—" in there as he closed the trunk, and had a beatific smile ready as he turned to her with an even deeper scowl than before.
Clint made a face.
] but really, he'd just been trying to do his best with what he had at hand even though he lacked Mordo's insight and the Ancient One's experience.
Hill snorted as she cast a disdainful look around the room. "With all due respect, Director, but I was the one who saw just how well a team this has been in the past. Forgive me if my faith in their performance is less than stellar."
And with that, all eyes turned to Phil Coulson, who flushed under everyone's scrutiny. "It was
Director Fury rubbed his temples from his seat, and looked up at his fellow time travelers.
Okay, he could do this.
This— this couldn’t be real, could it?
She leaned back into her chair, abruptly exhausted even though her tone brooked no argument. "We're at square one, less than that in some cases. As it stands right now, we're outgunned and hilariously outmatched for what is to come. You all know what's at stake, people, so do the work. Or don't get in the way when I do."
Fuck, he wasn't a therapist and he
] and then came the headache that was trying to figure out the differences.
"For you to pay attention." Deputy Director Hill glared, then pinched the bridge of her nose. "Nobody appreciates just how much paperwork's involved in saving the world, I
Later, there would be much headscratching and brainstorming as to where things diverged, and how.
Edwin Jarvis had not been having a good week, and that had been
Maria Hill shrugged. “Upon further inspection, Maria Stark appears to be a very talented manipulator. Press coverage focused on Howard and Tony, and looks like she used that to her advantage.”
"Oh, really?" Ivan looked pleasantly [
“Let’s take this to a secure location. We have a briefing to complete, after all.”
] brick walls, trying to pinpoint the exact moment where and how the timeline diverged from their own past.
Because of course it was.
"Oh, sure. my hours can be weird, but here's my number— I'll see what I can do." Tony said as he pulled out one of
been touched, and given the rest of the evidence? Barnes could’ve gone there, could’ve recovered him. He just chose…not to.”
“Peter? There’s someone who I think you’ll want to meet. Can I take you to him?” He asks.
" She sounded genuine. Her grief and acceptance, too.
"This is a train wreck," Natasha muttered into her comm, "I can't look away."
It was...not a good experience.
"We'd previously categorized Janus Enterprises as part of the temporal shift, but are currently reassessing it in light of recent events." Deputy Director Hill replied, raising an eyebrow. "What else is there to 'get'?"
see eye-to-eye with his mom. Sure, the guy was also built like a brick shithouse, but...he was never the guy to throw the first punch in just about any fight Tony'd seen him in, and that said something.
Tony had a...unique childhood, even before things hit the fan.
Agent Coulson shifted his weight slightly but otherwise didn't react.
Somehow. Even though he was a lot better at shooting things than talking and wow he
“Does the name Erik Stevens ring a bell?”
The faces they made failed to put him at ease.
His son would never forgive him for it.
No offense to Obie— or, well.
Tony crossed his arms and pointedly looked away when the painfully familiar figure in stars and stripes started approaching him.
Unfortunately, however, his image had somehow ended up plastered across the Midgardians' information modules of choice in the process, and as flattered as he was to find that some considered him attractive while fighting for his life against murderous entities, it was still something he could have gladly gone without and Thor would no doubt tease him about if he were to ever hear of it.
It hurts, not being able to help.
to be at the helm if he wanted to make any changes, so. Sacrifices needed to be made.
“Not exactly.” Natasha sounded a bit more irked than the situation warranted, but…then again, considering the subject matter, it was hard to blame her for it. “She burned his company and part of SHIELD when she walked out on him, took Tony with her too.”
killed his parents.
...how was it possible that things could go so sideways in less than five minutes?
In no universe does Tony Stark have a completely healthy and functional relationship with his family— there’s just too many promises broken, taut silences where there should have been laughter, the shadow of a dead man cast too far for a young boy to escape.
happen?”
which, in retrospect, was a very foolish thing to have done and resulted in a very pissed off Frost Giant squaring off against a race previously considered extinct.
Made even worse by the realization that something had gone wrong in their timeline, so wrong that he could tell the Time Stone had been forced to correct for it but
“Oh, no. I hate to break it to you Cap, but this
Why SHIELD had reached out to him, Tony didn't know; but now that they had, he was duty-bound to tell them to stay away. If only to keep up his standing policy of 'mess with Stark Solution employees, and face the fire-breathing dragon that is their CEO'.
Despite the warning, it was clear Steve hadn't fully expected it; hadn't been ready for the front-row seat he now had, watching as the kid gloves came off and despite having his security clearance under review and his entire company being audited, Howard Stark was in fine form today.
Later, many fingers would be pointed— SHIELD's blood feud with HYDRA, the emergence of the Red Room, the very first time a genetic mutation reached made international headlines, all of the ripples and waves that were pressing reminders that this world was not the one they had known.
It couldn't be.
"Shit, anyone got eyes on the Hulk?"
Tony would've just rolled his eyes and made a joke about technical difficulties if something like this had happened. Steve would know— they'd both been tired and grimy and awkwardly standing around in the lobby while the booking clash was cleared up after their latest battle. He still remembered how close to hyperventilating the poor kid'd been when he'd seen them at first, and the way Tony'd laughed it all off and left a tip afterwards.
SHIELD. Nothing personal, agent, but his old man's still involved enough that he'd reject it out of hand."
[Funny, how even the most innocent of choices can seal a universe's fate.]
Tony Stark couldn't afford to slip up. Not here, not now; not when lives were on the line, because he might've been young but his mom had taught him well and he
Tony'd like to think she'd be proud of him, considering everything. Sure, he was a mover and shaker whose main motivation was sheer spite, but if she ever woke up [
Natasha gave him a flat look. "It's not that simple, Clint. I'm not happy about it, but it's a key event that changed the world. Are you willing to risk it?"
"Because I have no problem doing this the hard way." Tony continued, voice aggressively pleasant. "No problem whatsoever."
"Will
The man shook his head, and Bucky braced himself for the worst as he continued.
"Let me guess. Forgive me? Of what, surviving from what should have been certain death?" Loki asked acerbically, then shook his head. "Your father was just looking for an excuse."
as he tried to figure out how they'd come to this.
he’d accounted for everything, back when he’d first set out to shape the century.
In his defense, Stephen hadn't known Wong hadn't been joking when he'd said the Time Stone seemed to like him. Had thought Wong was trying to make him feel better, after Mordo's death and the loss of another Sanctum.
"Off-topic," Hill cut in acidly, "I'll take it as not enough information and table it. First movement seems to be around the mid-seventies, looks like a mad scientist group.
He’s so,
As well as invented a kick-ass new suit, and on his way out of breaking out of the AIM compound he came across a few
The looks the Midgardians exchanged ranged from disbelieving to horrified, and Thor’s iron grip finally relaxed.
Someone else,
Even as Natasha kept an eye on the situation, she couldn't help but notice Hank Pym's smirk as he watched the argument escalate and
"Iron Man, what is your location?" Agent barked, and Tony scoffed.
“Well, at least now we know why Tony didn’t want to work with him.” Bruce said after a few minutes’ worth of carefully-regulated breathing. “Especially after the hard time Steve was giving him with Ultron, and then…”
“You guys lost
In another world, Tony Stark might have been such a man, and become a master of passive aggression. Might have learned to grit his teeth and worked around Howard’s constant threats of disinheriting him, might have been pushed to greater and greater heights as a Merchant of Death to reaffirm to the world that he was more than just his father’s son.
Tony wondered what face he must've made, when Stark Solutions made the headlines three years later for its exponential growth.
'The Merchant of Death', some were starting to call him.
Then, Clint shook his head as if to clear it. "
"Only you, kid. I don't know how, I don't know why, but
“You’ve been a busy man, Mr. Barnes.”
“Stephen has a lot to answer for.” The Ancient One said with a slight frown, and Mordo readied himself as a very wild-eyed Stephen threw himself through before it closed behind him, clutching at a—was that
“You can call me Steve, you know.” the blond grins at him, and god what a beautiful smile.
“Always a pleasure playing with you, Anthony. Now I’m afraid I must go and take a look at my brother, he seems to be in a particularly foul mood.” Thor’s brother is none other than Loki Odinson, a lot younger than Thor at 26, a player of amazing speed and a lot of tricks up his sleeve. The name Loki is one fitting of him.
We’ll figure out a better one later.
“Will you make me blueberry pancakes if I say please?”
“Friday, where is Tony?”
He walks back in and inspects his room, the grey walls and plus carpeting. And he wonders if he’ll leave the place in just about a year or not. Only time will tell. Steve also notices something else, and that’s the fact that he’s starved. Being starved in the white house could mean stealing something from the kitchens. But Steve is not an expert with that, thankfully though,
Oh Tony, you simply shan’t call me your superior.
“Steve. Steve, wake up. Rogers!” Bucky is currently shaking Steve awake, frustration creeping in by the second. He hears the sound of Steve groaning awake.
, the man who saved him, who
“Good. Because I’m sure you lot will be seeing each other often enough. James enlightened me of their schedule, it’s much more simillar to yours than Thor’s, Jim’s, or Bruce’s. They’d make splendid partners for you to practice with.” Tony doesn’t know how to feel about that. On one side, he’s more than happy to spend time with Steve and Barnes. What he’s worried about though, is the presence of Howard Stark. Howard is, after all, the two’s coach, even with his shocking absence throughout today’s practice. Tony isn’t sure how his mental stability will fare through extended contact with his asshole of an estranged father. Probably not well.
“Well okay, Tony.” Steve says his name with a smile, and Tony loves the sound of his own name being spoken by Steve. And no, he’s not a narcissist for liking nice things like that. “Let me introduce you to Bucky- sorry, James Barnes.”
“...Bucky?”
“Catch me if you can!” He can hear the smirk in Tony’s voice and again he decides, there’s nowhere else they’d rather be.
Still have me as Number One in ur phone?
“I don’t know Stevie, he seems real nice to me.”
parallels/
. Entrusting a child with the brand gifted is oftentimes a mistake, it pressures them, it sinks them, it destroys them. But the same can’t be said for Tony Stark. The minute he joined the junior tour, all hell broke loose.
“Did you know your dad was at the ATP Cup?”
I think my fingertips are frozen.”
Thor had been one of Tony’s first encounters in the world of professional tennis. At that time, both weren’t exactly the most experienced player, especially in terms of age. Before their ascendancy, comments were made of how the sport was dying in search of a new star, beyond the gifts of the likes of Sampras, Agassi, Becker, McEnroe, and many more. Entering the tour at 17, Tony was a rising star, slowly turning into a supernova. With a stamina only the young could own, power only a young could afford and shots so accurate, the beauty of it is comparable to couture jewelry in the terms of tennis. In short, there had been no other like Anthony Edward Stark before. Born of tennis royalty, and claiming the title of king with ease unlike no other.
“She would put her hands on mine,” Steve feels Tony’s fingers on top of his own, as if guiding him to play. “Like this.” He guides Steve to playing what Steve knows is the beginning notes of Nuvole Bianche, one of Tony’s favorites.
Rhodey storms out of the room to come face to face with Steve.
“Just some egg rolls, want some Stevie?” Bucky is his best friend, his brother. His Ma and Pa adopted him as a child after he lost his parents in a car crash and they’ve been thick as thieves ever since.
His favorite book is
“You know we stemmed off them?”
“20 tournaments a year taking a toll on your aging body?”
-subtly Tony can hear the cheers of everyone in the arena but he’s too focused on getting that last goddamn point. Right. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. He bounces the ball,
“Just imagine, I’ll take you to the louvre, you can do that geeking out thing over the art. You can go to Istanbul, visit the blue mosque. There are so many things you can do, Steve. The world is full of endless beauty and you only visit them on missions! Imagine!” And Steve thinks, he wants nothing more than to travel the world with Tony, preferably as something more than friends.
“And my point still stands,”
“Well I’ve never been much of an interesting chap even when you were alive, right? I suppose you’d laugh at me now. And Tony...”
“...the main reception starts at 19.00, the reveal will be done there. Madam president you will shake hands with King Howard as a sign of officiating a new step in U.S-England diplomatic relationship.” Angie drones on and on about their agendas, and Steve is getting tired of listening. He knows that he just has to behave, sit tight, be pretty, be nice, and waste taxpayer’s money on a useless ceremonial role in which the monarchy is.
A butterfly's flutter, a single, soundless cough— and for that, a child, a future, a
And Jarvis, who taught him control, taught him mercy, was the gentle smiles to his mother’s vicious defense of their family. Was the one who taught him of the difference between ignorance and malice, was the one who kept them both grounded, was a constant reminder that the world wasn’t as cruel a place as it sometimes looked.
if push ever came to shove and to never give an inch because the world would take and
business cards, passing it over in exchange for the files. "Leave Stark up to me, this is going to be a hard enough sell if your people
"It was shockingly cooperative." He replied after draining his cup, and started searching for a suitable receptacle to discard it in.
Huh. That put Wong's offhand comment from another timeline into perspective.
"What's your assessment?"
Screw it, no time for subtlety, he was currently trapped by a bear hug by something that probably could crush his armor with their bare hands and looked to be about half a minute from breaking down in tears. This was extremely uncomfortable on a number of levels.
“Ah.” Loki replied, then feigned a cold laugh and shook his head at the [
before— put his hand on his shoulder, and somberly replied, “He’s dead, brother.”
By then, any trail's long since gone cold.
“What year is it?” He asked with no small amount of trepidation to a jarringly-young Okoye who had yet to make General.
One thing led to another, and next thing Tony knew, he was announcing his new 'bodyguard' to the press because JARVIS had found evidence this Killian creep hadn't been working alone and anyone connected enough to access that kind of firepower was going to require...
But he's as liable to work on that as he is to try and find a practical application for string theory, and he created an entirely new line of polymers while in an argument with Tony.
Then again, SHIELD had apparently a small squad's worth of hired guns his way in what he could only presume to be an attempt to intimidate him, so.
he just...couldn't. He was tapped out for now, had reached his limit for how much he could deal with.
All in all, this gala's list of attendees was a powder keg just waiting to go off, and that wasn't even mentioning the other wild cards in the room.
“Now is not the time for regrets,” Phil Coulson cut in with a new weariness that spoke of long experience. “We’re trying to prevent future disaster, not recreate it.”
"Hulk, let him down."
standing in one of the familiar corridors that made up SHIELD's headquarters. The same one that’d burned to the ground during the HYDRA fiasco, and it wasn’t even the most bizarre thing out of this scenario because it looked like it hadn’t been remodeled since her Operations Management days, and she was talking to a dead man.
What happened afterwards, well...
“But Tony—”
"It was last time." She snapped, and he sighed.
Loki gave him the look it deserved as he crossed his arms. "Which one of us studied magic since we could walk, again?"
else, might have been delighted, at the prospect of another chance. Of being able to fix everything, of being able to prevent the devastation that was yet to come. Bucky, however, couldn’t help but feel horror at the prospect of enduring it
Howard was his friend, but the news of the results of the latest Arctic expedition had seen him in a particularly foul mood, and...Edwin wasn't certain he would be able to weather the storm if he were at anything less than one hundred percent.
“I’m not about to go through with the Mad Titan’s plans, if that’s what you’re asking.” Loki snapped, and tried to bristle even as the rest of the room started to put two and two together and got five, if the profanity was anything to go by.
"This entire timeline is a goddamn mess."
Especially considering he was still kinda curious, but...SHIELD wouldn't have respected his decisions, if their agent was anything to go by.
— was relatively unharmed, only then did he draw himself up, and look them in the eye evenly.
“The kid was outside when you two had your confrontation. From what I was able to gather after the fact, he didn’t exactly have a good time in the American foster care system.”
It's been a while since I had a roof over my head, anyway. I think."
She made a face as if to reply, but he powered on. "You've made incredible contributions to the mission. You did a great job at consolidating everything we know and gathering avenues to narrow down hypotheticals, but
" Agent Coulson said mildly.
just rumors, if not even the most sophisticated technology was capable of capturing any hard evidence. And that these sightings were few and far between and were purportedly the same man, even over the span of multiple decades? Clearly just an urban legend, the product of an overactive imagination and not getting enough sleep.
Not only that, but he’d left via a perfectly-formed portal.
"It was nothing." He demurred. "It would have been handled regardless."
He had less than five minutes to come up with a plan of action, but…Wakanda was always a good choice, this time of year, wasn’t it? Even if they were mistrustful of outsiders, there was
The multiple guns aimed at his afterimage were less welcome, but understandable, and the way Thor and the rest of his allies were looking at him as he faux-absentmindedly started toying with a knife was enough to tell him everything he’d needed to know about the situation.
emphasis on worldbuilding, character development/differentiation—this universe is a migraine for anyone who only knows the MCU because the Red Room's also running around [crashes and burns right with the fall of the Soviet Union], tech's all over the place because AIM's been running around for decades and HYDRA is somehow still around and kicking despite having literally everyone hating their guts— which is actually pretty impressive, considering Magneto doesn't usually agree with SHIELD on
Sure, both looked like they wanted to cry whenever they looked at him, but at least Jolly Green didn't come with a childhood's worth of emotional baggage courtesy of daddy issues, so.
His son would never forgive him for it.
"Who's this Reed Richards guy?"
Director Maria Hill came to with a choked gasp and a sensation of
"Agent, what you guys are up to is none of my business, I was just following up on a lead that didn't pan out. Also? You guys need to secure your comms, you're practically broadcasting here."
Besides— those were
“Hey, answer me this,” Clint cut in, eyes sharp but not disguising the gleam of genuine interest, “were you there for JFK?”
“Wait—
"So, a pain in the ass, basically."
"He is your father, not mine. Asgard was
“But—”
It would’ve felt like an illusion, like one of his worst nightmares, except his left shoulder was in
"Fancy meeting you here," Tony called over his shoulder, not looking away from his work even as part of him noted the silence that stole over the comms. Interesting.
This is important, because Howard Stark brought the war with him wherever he went.
In his defense, though, it was one of the things he’d only learned about after the fact. Not to mention that it’d apparently been a dicey situation all around and he’d been in ice for most of it, and he hadn't known if it would even still happen, considering how much had already changed, and— okay, point was he wasn’t the remotely the only one who’d dropped the ball, okay?!
"Mistakes were made." Director Fury cut in before things got out of hand again. "We know and acknowledge this. Hill, this isn't all on you."
“I see you all survived Ragnarok as well—” Loki started, but didn’t get any further as Thor bodily threw himself at him as the rest of the room started to move.
Logan was cool, though. Certainly a damn sight better than his old man had ever been— but then, a wet dishrag was better company than Howard was on a good day, so that probably wasn't a great metric for this sort of thing but look, he had yet to think of a more efficient way to describe the guy as 'the opposite of Howard Stark', okay?
tired, and he sees the road ahead and the mere idea of having to do that all over again is just. Too much. He knows the agony that follows, and knows that he was lucky to have survived a bomb to the chest last [
In a different universe, Howard and Maria Stark would be assassinated by HYDRA.
In doing so, the Eye of Agamotto was put into full display, gleaming almost tauntingly as his shoulders squared and his cloak settled itself.
Had Loki not been broken and reforged and shattered again, he would have responded to that challenge with a sneer. As it was, he could not help the bitter laugh that erupted.
remember Howard changed, right?”
Tony gave him a flat look. "I said what I said."
No, he didn’t feel quiet relief or gratitude at the knowledge that his brother was safe and healthy and alive, no, he was irritated. Yes. Just irritated. Right.
Especially if the alternative is getting pushed to their breaking point.
Loki started laughing.
handling. Especially if they had connections anything like the ones Howard had, being golf buddies with generals and senators and Tony might've had a weird childhood but he distinctly remembered seeing g-men around the mansion, and the more he thought about it the more certain he was that something was very, very wrong and last thing he needed was to paint a target on the back of anyone he knew.
This is not what Steve Rogers had been expecting.
All the while, Thor traveled back and forth between Asgard and Midgard and Loki did not envy him in the slightest.
“Wait, where’s Tony?” was Steve’s first question after he took a look around the now-familiar people around him.
“He’s equal parts urban legend and cryptid.” Fury snorted. “Only shows up once in a blue moon, and he’s as camera-shy as ever.”
"Believe it or not, it's okay to ask for help, Hill."
Then again, this entire timeline was so damn weird, Loki regularly shoving granola bars and bottles of water at him and dodging Captain America whenever he went out as Spider-Man because—
In this world, however, Howard Stark's alcohol problem culminated in vehicular manslaughter, instead. As well as the public relations disaster of the decade, when lab results came back with proof his BAC was far above the legal limit the night of the car accident that killed one of the biggest names in philanthropy on impact and landed him in the emergency room.
T'Chaka was currently several months old, lending credence to his story no matter how ridiculous it sounded. Post-apocalyptic time travel bullshit and all.
She took a beat to long to respond, and he groaned. Figures Stark's bad habits rubbed off on his people.
” Natasha cut him off sharply, then paused and gentled her tone. “It’s a terrible idea. Howard and Tony are very different people, treating them otherwise would be a huge disservice to both. Now more than ever.”
“What kind of—”
When it goes out, the announcement rocks the corporate sector to its foundations.
Whatever.
At that, Stephen blinked and finally turned away from Tony's prone form. "Really?"
It was with no small amount of relish that he announced to all and sundry that he was creating his own company, Stark Solutions. Not affiliated with Stark Industries in the slightest, just a green energy and technology-centered enterprise.
Loki had only known him for a few brief moments, from the cacophony these Midgardians had the audacity to call ‘music’ to his offer of a drink accompanied by an unrepentant threat and a smile.
"You can stop laughing anytime now, man. Anytime." Tony groused over the receiver, but to no avail: the tell-tale crash told him Logan'd knocked over the ugly vase by the phone in between his guffaws.
"You mismanaged an asset so badly he didn't even think of asking for help from the people who should have been there with him. We don't know anything about AIM, or the Chitauri, or any of the other major groups he faced— because he never felt comfortable discussing them with anyone in this room.
to follow in his father's footsteps.
For something that wasn't even their fault, because Natasha had been the one to access their system to cause a delay to prevent a chance encounter between Howard and a potential buyer-slash-apparent budding warlord[???] and while it was necessary, it still was very hard to watch.
He'd make sure justice was served [
Here’s the thing: Tony Stark was raised by Maria Stark neé Carbonell, and Edwin Jarvis. Maria, who taught him how to work the cameras, how to play the game, how to raise
every time another cellphone model was released, or another patent filed, or yet another report on carbon emission reduction was published? Well...Tony was self-aware enough to know he wasn't a good person, not really. Not when he did his best to make the world a better place out of
"Do I need to be getting my lawyers involved?" Tony asked with no small amount of ice in his voice, and perhaps enjoyed it a little too much when Agent
"Barney?" Steve asked, and immediately realized he'd stepped into uncertain territory by the look on his [
ideas for commissions. Although...I'm afraid I can't help but wonder why you didn't reach out to your usual contacts?"
"Temporal magic is among the hardest to learn, Stephen." Mordo interrupted his thoughts with a knowing look, "Do not blame yourself for this. Your ability to wield the Eye is a credit to your skill: it has been known to drive the unprepared into madness."
“Evidence points otherwise.” She said simply, then turned towards Fury with a slightly questioning look.
"Obviously this is an ongoing operation, I would
He’d left, and they didn’t even know
Bucky was a very, very busy man as he ran around trying to fix everything the Fist of HYDRA had broken in the last timeline. He didn't doubt the Wakandans were looking at his antics with bemusement, especially because of the arbitrary dates he wanted to be up and around for, but...it wasn't like he do anything about it. Averting an assassination here,
“…are you fucking serious.” Bucky growled, then hit the lights and made a face as everyone else in the room relaxed.
Especially when on a time crunch, because she trusted her soon-to-be-ex about as far as she could throw him and after that last fight, she
N’Jadaka was in the foster care system for all of one year before a Wakandan agent took him home, adopted back into a family he’d only ever heard of.
If James Barnes had contacted Howard Stark at just the right [
He wasn't even in the mid-70's when he realized he didn't entirely recognize some of the names being thrown around, and even though his first encounter with a mutant had been an unmitigated disaster it'd also shown him just how different this world was from the one he knew. On the one hand, that was good— it meant his stupid plan was working.
" Stephen dismissed with a scoff even as he memorized the gentle wave that changed golden light to amber, "but healing? I... I'm a doctor, I should know this, it's—"
It took a less than a minute, to realize what was going on. For his body to twinge unpleasantly at the old [
"Are you questioning my research?" Hill asked with a smile that fooled absolutely no one, which only intensified when Coulson hastily shook his head. "Nope, not a typo. All records point to them being Magneto's kids, and
Turns out helping a suicidal friend with their mental state was even harder than Stephen'd expected, who knew?
In this lifetime, N’Jadaka grows up as the cousin Prince T’Challa. Grows up to work alongside Okoye in security and intel, and, later on, becomes one of the first of Wakanda’s ambassadors to the outside world.
Right now, the differences between the two men he thought he'd known were like night and day.
By now T’Chaka was dangerously pale, and didn’t resist when Okoye ushered him to sit down.
Vanko gave her a knowing look. "Come now. Did you not expect me to do my research after my secretary got your peoples' sales pitch? Last I heard, Stark Industries had...I believe it is called 'dibs', is it not? For contracts with organizations like yours?"
and not…”
“Do what you will,” Loki started to shrug, before a stray thought crossed his mind. “Although…I do have a question. Where is the Man of Iron?”
“Told you so,” Hill unsubtly elbowed Director Fury. “Pay up.”
And damn if that wasn't weighing heavily on everyone.
all hands on deck."
come off the tail end of a security detail shift, what'd you expect?"
James “Bucky” Barnes woke up. This in and of itself shouldn’t have been unusual— except his last memory was of choking on his own blood in Steve’s arms, with the bitter knowledge that they’d failed in protecting the others, so.
Logan was cool. He just sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose when Tony got a bit too carried away with his projects even if it meant the microwave was out of commission for the rest of the week, and patiently sat through his rambling on Butterfingers' newest modifications even if it was clear what he was saying flew way over his head, and even seemed grudgingly amused whenever DUM-E kept bumping at his ankles— though he'd jumped a foot with a snarl and the claws had come out the first time it'd happened because it'd caught him off-guard.
Natasha leaned in with a slight frown. “But we’re sure it’s
...also the one who ends up having to derail the Svartalfars' attempts to use the Convergence to their advantage, having assumed Thor had told him everything he'd missed during his imprisonment
this was considered small fries."
Ah, speaking of not paying attention—
Maria Hill watched as both Fury and Coulson's faces
even remotely affiliated with his father, for that matter, he absolutely
She turned to give Hill a questioning look. "Why the reassessment?"
Everyone shared a look.
He's confused, and completely lost— and then he sees Tony crouched by a Humvee, just as a bomb landed not ten feet away.
seeing the way one piece fit with another and he'd never really thought about it before. Never had a reason to, for that matter; between his duties as the successor of the Sorcerer Supreme after the Ancient One's death in his past, and the disaster that followed, it... hadn't really come up. They'd all been too busy towards the end, and by then he'd been treated as the leading expert on matters pertaining to magic [
In the ensuing kerfuffle, Tony may or may not have broken a few laws of thermodynamics in his haste to escape his kidnappers.
"If you can make it, we'd love to have you on board." Agent said, clear relief on his face.
] moment, Tony Stark would have never been born and this timeline would've even been more of a mess than it already was.
Peter, however, did not reciprocate— and because of it, Loki acted as a bulwark whenever they tried to disrespect his wishes.
as he made up his mind and put the tattered notebook back where he'd found it.
In another life, Tony Stark would have been Stark Industries' sole heir after a...
Howard is at what he considers the waste of potential.
It'd been awe-inspiring, really. She owed him one: she might not have been able to make it back home after her local contact sold her out, otherwise.
last slip-up, this was the best I could find to get him to start talking."
As it turned out, asking around raised more questions than answers.
One way or another, Tony would get to the bottom of it. Someway, somehow, it was going to happen.
It was…even though there were a lot of new unknowns to contend with, for good or bad, there was still a fragile sort of hope in the air their own home had lost sometime after New York.
and if it weren’t for his HYDRA-honed pain tolerance, he might’ve just passed out again.
Later, there would be much frustration, as people ran into metaphorical [
Maybe, in another life, HYDRA might have found an unconscious soldier lying in a snowbank. In this timeline, however, he was long gone by the time their patrol found where he’d landed.
Instead, Loki absconded with the Tesseract, and hid it in one of the many nooks of the Yggdrasil that branched into Midgard. Not that these 'Avengers' appreciated having less of a target painted on their collective backs, but then, it wasn't like he particularly cared about their opinion anyway. Not anymore.
"Iron Man, wait—"
feel gratitude, no. Absolutely not.
] and new wounds, to blink away the last of the blue haze that lingered and parse through the memories.
pulsed three times, and then yet another portal opened…only for its source location to shift across space and time in a way a master would have been loath to attempt.
"What're you doing here?" She asked with a curious tilt to her head as she looked between him and the remains of the archives. Her voice was unusually soft, as if she actually cared— and when Tony stole a glance, he saw what looked like genuine concern on her face for a moment.
But he did it anyway, acutely aware of the wary looks the Midgardians threw at his back, and of the way Thor refused to leave his side.
Instead, Loki Friggason called off the attack before it could even start.
to intrude." He said even as he sidestepped away, putting as much distance as possible between them as he all-but-sprinted to the door. "My apologies."
of magic that was solely for spiritual and mental healing.
Hill stopped her with one hand, still writing with the other and glaring at her notes. "Do not. Talk to me about that guy, I'm going to need to pull some strings to get what intel we have on him, like I don't have enough to do already when it comes to mutants."
"What about your bodyguard?" Agent asked with an odd note of amusement in his voice, and Tony bristled at the implication.
he'd woken up just in time to nearly relive one of the worst periods of his life and long before anyone else he knew was even
"—but its territory got mostly snapped up by neighboring countries in the time that followed. What's left ended up becoming Sokovia."
“Okay, from the top.” Maria Hill’s sharp voice cut through the din that came with cramming seven people in a glorified broom closet trying to pass itself off as a secured conference room, and everyone settled down while she passed several folders around. “Here’s what we have of our original timeline, here’s the changes that have been noticed in this one, on page three is the list of key players and the contingency plans in place for handling assets. As always, burn this before leaving.”
Sure, he'd been annoying at times. Had been flashy, always had some smart-alec remark ready— but it was a sight better than Reed Richard's unintentional but incredibly irritating condescension, than the unease Clint and Natasha had felt when having tea with the most powerful telepath in the country [if not the world], and leagues beyond the amount of self-control needed to spend more than five minutes in the same room as Howard Stark and not punch him in the face.
As it was, however, Loki had things well in hand.
"They cannot even keep one of their allies safe, do you honestly expect me to trust them with our mother's life?"
Loki Friggason didn’t gasp, didn’t stumble, didn’t blanch. Didn’t give any sign of weakness, as he took his first few breaths since Ragnarok.
before." She muttered, and he pinched the bridge of his nose yet again.
And in this one, he was adrift in a world he did not fully recognize, and the only adult he trusted with this knowledge was long dead.
This ship was supposed to be airborne, was it not? There were fewer people to dodge, as well, but most concerning was the sight he had stumbled upon in his forays.
Instead, she all-but-dragged him to her office, and signaled him to get Agent Coulson while she did her routine check for bugs to ensure the area was secure.
That was the only possible explanation for why she was looking former Director Fury in the eye, when she’d seen him gunned down not a month before the end of everything. Not even two minutes in and she was getting a headache
He…hadn’t been fond of the man, truly. Hadn’t been amused, hadn’t been reminded of himself when he’d glimpsed the Man of Iron’s sniping with his purported allies, no, absolutely not. Really.
"No, I mean, how the
But not in this life.
“What date is it,” Director Fury finally managed, and now that she was looking for it, he looked younger than she’d last remembered, and—
This time, it was Fury who spoke. "We're also trying to pinpoint the differences between universes, see how far this goes. As far as we can tell, Ivan's filled just about every role Tony had in our timeline, fuck knows why though— either way, we now have a valid reason to be in communication with him for as long as it takes for him to mock up some blueprints. Sure, he's going to charge us an arm and a leg for it, but...it's not like the technology's going to happen anytime soon, otherwise."
two years ago, he would have flipped out.
Director Fury glanced at the file she hadn’t put down, and gave a low whistle. “Damn. He sure knows how to pick ‘em.”
"Anyone want to explain just why I got a visit from the Department of Justice to back off of Vanko?"
Notes the second, and narrowing in on this particular plot line: Tony grows up on the road with Logan [yes,
Hill leaned forward and frowned slightly. “What methodology did you use to make these decisions? How did you account for sociopolitical ramifications? Did you—”
Pro: Logan's the 'gruff but keeps adopting all these gremlins and would Fight You if you look at them wrong' type. Also, benefit from this is that Logan gets a few more hints towards wtf is up with his past as time goes on. Everyone gets very very confused for obvious reasons [there's records of some Howlett guy fighting in Vietnam??? But also pics that look like him from like 100 years ago???] Con: this Tony is less of a cinnamon roll [when compared to canon and other AUs, anyway],
In that moment, Stephen Strange didn’t look like a novice newly-inducted into magic, didn’t look like a man who’d just had to fight for his life for the first time. No, instead, he met them all with the ease and grace of a seasoned Master of the Mystic Arts, and an enigmatic smile.
There’s just one problem— Howard Stark was not one of them.
This should be
The hush that stole over the comms was oddly satisfying.
For Thor's friends had also realized the young Spider was a fellow traveler, and endeavored to make contact with him.
“What books did he get his hands on?” Mordo asked warily, and Wong just shook his head.
The shouting match that'd followed the discovery that his only son was not entirely straight after all, however, was still definitely one for the books. Tony was used to being threatened with being cut off— which, again, Tony wouldn't have cared about, he wasn't in it for the money— but in that fight, Howard let slip just stood to benefit from it and in the span of five minutes, Tony realized what he had to do.
the memories of another timeline filter in and apparently they’d been about to go over a brief even though she
In one timeline, he would grow up with the odds stacked against him from the start. Would, after the death of his father, be shuffled off into a broken system and forgotten, condemned to be another statistic. Would be young and
"Any read on the twins?"
“It broke the control, yes.” He replied curtly, and didn’t react even as Thor shuddered, and his newly-healed ribs groaned from the increased pressure.
Fortunately, the fact that he knew and was respectful of the customs of Wakanda gave him a modicum of leeway. Not much, but enough that he managed to get them to hear him out.
Their alliance was a strange one, granted— especially at first, when the young Spider was wary of him, for he remembered a New York devastated by Chitauri— but by and by, started warming up to him.
To his credit, T’Chaka didn’t faint. He
In the shadowed room, the swivel chair turned and Director Fury’s voice pierced the silence.
His mom came back with an amnesiac badass with built-in
“You mean—”
Natasha very carefully didn't tense, even as she replied, "I remember him as the son of a former associate of Howard Stark, he clashed with Tony during the palladium poisoning mess. Why."
Loki cleared his throat, and tried to start over again.
“Howard’s a piece of work.” Director Fury said, and rubbed his temples. “Even more of a headache than his kid sometimes, no matter how ridiculous that sounds.”
The soldiers themselves were the highlight of the presentation, honestly. But then, they were a good chunk of the reason he'd stayed with Stark Industries, because...well.
Ironically enough, however, the blame did not lie with them.
And he was getting bored, and there was little else he could do without upsetting the status quo and he wanted to derail the Mad Titan’ plan, so…time for a touch of
], and that was something Tony could not stand for.
As far as they could tell, it should've been nearly impossible for it to happen: Tony'd even gone through the trouble of getting his hands on a portable x-ray machine to confirm his suspicions, and sure enough whatever metal Logan's claws were made out of, it covered his entire skeleton.
Maria Hill put down her paperwork, and the look she pinned him with had Steve tensing because damn if she didn't look like she was half a second from lunging across the table. "I have yet to pin down the particulars of whatever deal Vanko made to get where he is now, but how did you
Because one evening, Howard started in on one of his fights, red-faced and on his third brandy, and either didn't know or didn't care that his son was in the room when he threw his latest tantrum— and that?
They would all fight tooth and nail to protect it.
“Wait, we’re sure it’s him?” Natasha cast a glance at him, and he nodded soberly.
details that piqued his interest. Specifically, that one guy who'd shown up with a bodyguard detail bristling with Stark guns.
Thor’s the one who remembers how it came to happen, but in this lifetime, it’s Loki who removes the catalyst that results in their mother’s death.
], and was practically on a first-name basis with several diplomats and Congressmen.
Maria's smile brightened even more, and she extended her hand to shake his gently. "Pleased to meet you, Mr..."
"People, this is the important one." Deputy Director Hill said as she passed out the folders, and he frowned slightly when he noticed the tension in the room.
“Well, I’m not sure how to break it to you gently, but it should. Your brother had a son.”
He noticed the Captain making a face as if to protest, and with a strange, feral sort of vindication, turned to look at the one-eyed man and continued. “For I do not know who else would have been capable of wiping out the entire invading force of the Chitauri, otherwise.”
Yeah, that was one for the books.
“If it is him, he’s been doing well enough by himself. If he wanted to reach out, he could’ve left a message— but he didn’t.”
hits. Suddenly, it’s not just his past flashing before his eyes, but his future as well—years’ worth of memories, of trauma after trauma with next to no support whatsoever because the world did its best to
"But that's not the only thing we need." Hill cut in. "We also need to get our hands on the Tesseract, and track down Tony if we want to stand a chance against what's coming, and for that..."
“You mean—”
Sometimes, this strange new world felt like a little piece of heaven. Where SHIELD and HYDRA were sworn enemies, old friends were still alive and well, and a surreal lightness that even now felt too good to be true.
“We do not advocate assassinations, doctor.” Maria Hill replied with an even tone. “But as is, you were not around doing damage control in '96. Even
Emphasis on 'should'.
Natasha sympathized. “We’re sure he has yet to remember?”
know the guy’s a piece of work.”
Howard is so insistent, can almost understand his father's clinging to what is quickly being dismissed as a relic of a bygone age. But it’s not enough to make him stay.
That this Spider had been struggling ever since he'd come into his power, for in another life, the Man of Iron had been his mentor.
Bucky scrubbed a hand over his face and groaned internally. Moments like these, he almost regretted not just copying Steve and taking a 70-year-long nap because then he could've had an excuse ready because this
“Where is your Man of Iron?” Loki asked, and everyone groaned.
“1993.” She answered with a vaguely suspicious frown, and he slumped because huh, maybe they might still be able to fix this after all.
bringing Howard Stark in for anything less than as an absolute last resort. Not even then, if I had it my way."
“What have you done?” Wong exclaimed even as he moved to help with the man currently partway through a panic attack.
and gave new orders and used all his skill in magic to successfully sever the connection between the Mad Titan and the Mind Stone.
"What do you
We cannot afford to miss anything, we do not want history to repeat itself and if I have to work overtime to make sure it all doesn't end in fire again, so be it. Otherwise? Get. Out."
Howard was his friend, but the news of the results of the latest Arctic expedition had seen him in a particularly foul mood, and...Edwin wasn't certain he would be able to weather the storm if he were at anything less than one hundred percent.
“Because he doesn’t think he’s not alone!” Clint retorted, and Hill held her hand up, expression darkening slightly.
Agent inclined his head. "You wouldn't happen to have some knowledge of thermonuclear astrophysics, would you?"
when it came to idiots who ran around with the bare bones of a plan and got others killed needlessly, even if they were also literally the only others in existence working to stop the fast-incoming threat.
Then he shook his head.
Bucky got to his feet, and started walking.
"Basically," Natasha nodded in agreement. "But it's not like we've got a lot of options here."
Then, Thor— who had been joyful not
…just the only one who was aware there was a ball that had been dropped in the first place.
The ones in this convoy were practically
So of course it all goes to hell in less than ten minutes.
Maybe we just need to talk—”
Tellingly, no one objected.
Not by a long shot.
did he want to.
“What do you mean
Steve was less discreet about his own reaction, but at least he had the good sense to continue facing her even as the argument over his shoulder got louder.
— he was surrounded by people who were now fighting tooth and nail for someone who was nothing but a burden, someone who didn't deserve it, who destroyed everything he touched no matter what he did and—
home to me, Thor, you of all people should understand why. I will never return."
compared to him. Tony may not have anyone at home who'd miss him, but these soldiers were...he could easily imagine they had friends and family waiting for them at home. He could far-too-easily remember when Rhodey'd been their age, and it's because of moments like these that he remembers the promise he'd made to himself when he'd first set out to reshape Stark Industries.
"No, but Stark's worked enough with green energy for me to know the basics." It wasn't even a lie.
“Not the ones that would’ve resulted in
How these guys had managed to get their hands on them was the question.
"This isn't then. The habits and behaviors you picked up helped you survive that environment, but not all are applicable now."
The Ancient One, Wong, and Mordo were all very surprised when Stephen had bolted out after his fight. While they’d anticipated the regular jitters novices had after their first encounter with death, he’d seemed far more distraught than that— but in a very different way.
What, had he expected Tony to just play along?
"Corporate espionage thing that's part of an ongoing investigation, that's all I can legally say right now. If you have any further questions, Agent, feel free to ask my boss. I hear last time didn't pan out. I'd apologize, but then, Stark Junior's always been a piece of work, so." He shrugged. "Good luck with that, by the way."
"Want a meal? And a shower, because bloodstains are a
...as compared to Tony Stark, whose latest public appearance had been a charity gala and culminated in two arrests, a jurisdictional pissing match involving INTERPOL and the CIA, and yet another installment of the Stark Family Shitshow™ as the headlines got a beautiful shot of Tony flipping his father the bird while holding a champagne flute.
There had been little love lost between Loki and Thor’s quaint Midgardian allies: most of their vaunted team had reminded him far too much of the Warriors Three, all well-intentioned chivalric brawn with little else to speak of, but…two of them had stood out to him. The Spider with her intriguing wordplay, and the Man of Iron.
And then, when things escalated and his illusions weren't enough, he found himself resorting to pulling out his stolen Tesseract, and...
the announcer was saying, but his attention was caught by the multiple sketches onscreen.
“Oh dear, I’m sure you’ve had a bit too much to drink there.”
“I don’t mind it, I just don’t fancy it.” Tony replies. He closes his eyes and listens to the crackling fireplace in the background. It’s his off-season after all, and there’s no other beauty like christmas in Naples. His home-
That’s rad, I guess.
So yes, Steve enjoys how Tony is basically making love with his food, he enjoys how Tony will take hurried bites and how he’d chew faster, just so he could talk about whatever thing has crossed his mind in the span of swallowing and chewing. He enjoys when Tony gets excited, and even forgets about his food for awhile. Because that is Tony Stark, bashful, and unashamed Tony Stark. And again, Steve decides. There is no place else, there is no time else, he’d rather be. And again, Steve also decides, there’s no one else he’d rather be with. No one other than a Tony Stark who’s unashamedly so Tony Stark. Nothing else in his line of sight other than Tony, Tony’s eyes, Tony’s smile. He’s in love with the man of the future, perhaps so far from his reach- but so incredibly close in retrospect. He’s in love with what tethers him to this present day. Steve Rogers is in love with Tony Stark.
“Buck, that’s gross!” He pulls out his finger from Bucky’s mouth.
“Tony? You okay? I heard a scream,” he sees Tony turning to him, a widespread grin on his face.
“I didn’t get to tell you so many things, you know? How sorry I am, how much of a jackass I am, how much you mean to me,”
Even after three years of this life, Steve still sees it as a marvel. The fact that he’s doing private air travel? Well that’s a luxury he’s never had and he’ll continue to be amazed by everyday.
Take care.
Steve closes their lips together again, this time softer, and he feels how plush Tony’s lips are, the way they’re starting to go redder as they continue to kiss. Steve can see the continuously reddening blush on Tony’s cheeks. This time, when they part, it’s with a smile. And Steve… Steve just holds Tony there, for awhile. Until Tony escapes his hold, running ahead and splashing Steve with some saltwater.
“If only you knew how to... well, just stop talking about him?”
“It was beautiful,”
” A soft voice lulls Tony. His mother. “Antonio, mio caro, I’m so proud of you.” to Tony, there is no greater pleasure than being in his mother’s presence.
TUESDAY
“When I was a kid, we’d sit together on the piano,” he comes closer to Steve.
I’m coming for you ;)
"Rhodes" Steve puts a hand on Rhodey's shoulder, trying to calm him down.
The loud guitar of AC/DC is a constant in his ears before a match. Soon, he’ll take them off, get a chorus of good luck’s from his magnificent team, and head out to kick ass. He has no doubt that he’ll win- a player never goes into a match thinking they’ll lose after all. Rogers is not only younger, but he probably has one of the best stamina in the entire tour. Rogers went through a whopping amount of three five-setters but he
Dinner is a lovely affair. There’s Pepper, Janet, Jarvis-- accompanied by his wife Ana, and Maria, Tony’s mom. Homecooked fresh seafood and pasta littered their table. And in one of the chairs stood a cellphone with the face of James Rhodes on it, standing on top of books. This is Tony’s family- barring a few other missing occupants. Tony and Janet are discussing her clothing line, how she wants to broach into the men’s section and wants Tony as its face. Janet Van Dyne is a great tennis player- but she also has a penchant for fashion, one would have, to design every single one of her on-court outfits.
“Well good thing I have good old capsicle here with me,” Steve rolls his eyes. He goes over to Tony and looks at his face, raising his eyebrows. Steve then impulsively lent out his hand to rub at Tony’s head.
Tony and Rhodey, the good friends they are, have rather conflicting tour schedules, meeting only in grand slams and Master 1000 events. Tony thinks that he should enquire Steve for his number, and possibly his tour schedule. Of course he can always just google that but he’d prefer knowing from the man himself. A part of Tony is sure a lot of their schedules line up. Steve’s is tailored by Howard Stark after all, and he and Howard share a few similarities, favorite events in the circuit being some of them. But then again, what need would Steve have for Tony? It’s not like he needs another hitting partner or a spar partner, him and Barnes are practically attached to the hip after all. In his pondering, Tony didn’t realize that Steve had gone past his defense and just scored the final point of their spar. Wonderful.
“Just wait, you’ll see.” And see he did.
“Or you can just take a picture.”
“Oh yeah, Howard said we should just start along? He says Mr. Jarvis would be able to walk us through some serving and hitting practices.” Tony sees Jarvis nods at that.
“So you’ll fly out there, you two will have a few scheduled shoots and events where you’ll portray yourself as best friends. The royal family has agreed to host you in Kensington, and here’s the detailed schedule.” When Steve looks over his schedule, well- it doesn’t look so bad, it actually seems pleasant enough.
I did. And I’m
“You know for a fact that I do, Tony. Now why are you asking about Steve Rogers?” she sits down next to him, popping a blueberry picked up from Tony’s bowl into her mouth.
“Let me be, old man.” Steve puts down a plate of the food in front of him, of course with a little garden salad on the side. He sees Tony take a bite with a fork, a look of obvious contempt on his face. “So today. Best beach day out ever?”
“Mama!” For a moment, he is a child again, fresh off picking apples by the hill of their home in Naples. They hug again.
Tony thinks for a bit. Barton, he doesn’t mind, they’ve known each other for pretty long and are somewhat friends. Rogers and Barnes… well Tony isn’t really feeling like answering too many questions or pandering tonight. Heck he doesn’t even know why they’re still in Melbourne. Barnes went out in the third round, and Rogers against him in the round of 16.
“Fault!” one of the line umpires called the shot. Tony rarely makes a fault, and he simply just wouldn’t ever make one when it comes to an important point. Tony raises his hand, calling the chair umpire for a challenge.
So Steve gets up, he gets dressed, and he goes for a run. Dawn means the vibe is eerie, it’s still dark, and the sun will creep in in a bit, but for now, it’s just the street lights and the sounds of their feet on the ground, lifting and stomping. If Steve was naive, he would think that Bucky was merely trying to get exercise without having to draw attention to himself. But Steve is not none-the-wiser, it would be a mistake to think that Bucky has no ulterior motive.
“Rogers and Barnes. The brooklyn boys.”
For the third time.
Glasses of wine are constantly being refilled through the night, minutes after everyone dispersed we see Tony lying on his back on the grass. The night sky here is beautiful to Tony. He spends most of his time on tour, travelling the world. Aside from that, he mostly bases himself in New York or London during the season, keen on separating work from home. There aren’t stars there, but here you can still see it. Not much, but it’s there. In another life he imagines himself venturing through the stars, his silly dream after too many hours of Star Trek.
Rhodey stormed into the room, tears in his eyes.
“You’ll have your chance, trust me.”
—————————-
Yes Tony sneezed. He sneezed loud. He blinks a few times, wiping his nose a bit before going back to designing the suit schematics, it’s probably just dust, or so he hopes.
smoke surrounds him as he steps out to the deafening cheers of his fans, waving at them on the way to his bench. He sets down the bag and takes out the rackets, unwrapping his first one and going to the court, shaking hands and taking a picture with the coin tosser, picking his side of the coin.
Steve is greeted by Bucky opening his mouth in a talking motion. Raising one finger immediately, Steve hushes Bucky. “Shush, later.” Bucky doesn’t like that, so he bites Steve’s finger.
“Oh wow, no need to be such a jerk about it.” Steve realizes two seconds too late that he probably shouldn’t have called a prince that straight to his face.
“Just- I just want to see him,” Rhodey tells Steve, his face turning even more somber.
“Congratulations on Rotterdam by the way.” Tony painfully tries to change the subject of conversation.
“Steve.” She sits right across him, posture straightening up. Angie has been working with his mom ever since her senatorial run, she’s like second family to them, almost.
! I literally thought you two finally hooked up after ditching christmas in Italy!”
“Whatever you’re feeling like, winghead. I’m not picky,”
“Affirmative boss, alarm set.”
“All by yourself?” There’s a body next to Tony now, sitting down instead of lying down, her face floats above Tony.
“What is?”
And good luck.
“Fine.”
He puts down the bags of groceries on the counter top as soon as he arrives back to the villa. Eggs benedict, he decides, is the way to go. Steve picked up some amazing prosciutto from the market, and he’d like to make amazing use of it, maybe again for a sandwich later on. Tony walks in to the kitchen when Steve was still cooking.
“His favorite music genre is... wow, that’s pretty boring.”
“You play a great game, Rogers.” Tony smiles at the blonde.
“Rogers.” he says good-naturedly, at least he hoped it came out good-naturedly.
didn’t look tired during his four-set fourth round match against Barton. That orgasmic forehand of his will be, without a doubt, a threat when coupled with his stamina and that speed. Tony won’t be surprised if the match goes on for quite awhile. After a chorus of good lucks, Tony rechecks his shoes once more, saddling his bag and preparing to go out. He jumps his legs up and down a little in the tunnel and finally-
“We wronged you in so many ways, but you still saved us at the end of the day— save bucky,”
And then there was a comfortable silence between them. Steve wants nothing more than to kiss Tony. To caress him and hold him tightly in his arms. There’s no where he’d rather be than here, with Tony’s shirt half undone and the glaring sun above them. His thoughts are interrupted when Tony pushes Steve into the sand.
Steve and Barnes leave first, leaving Tony and Jarvis in the practice court. Tony happily concludes that Steve is one of the nicest guys he’s met on tour. The guy was practically acting as if they were best friends after a few hours of actually befriending each other. And heck, Tony doesn’t even mind! He’d love to have a friend like Steve.
“He chaperoned- coached us. The US team. Brought two players who we thought were dead, basically.” Tony couldn’t think of anyone who fitted the description. For you to be thought dead… well, that’s a lot of time off, is it not?
he is.
And chaos reigned. Moments too late, Steve finds himself a mess. Tony is now beside him. Their suits are drenched of various toppers from foods and beverages, lines of tables decimated in their past. Worst of all, the centerpiece of the entire ceremony was found broken, lying on the floor. And Steve- well Steve is highly aware of what he’s done. But is he?
‘He’s boring.’
He’d like to have whatever Barnes is on.
He jumps and hits.
A simple Steve Rogers is fine :)
“You had a great season last year- everyone knows. A calendar grand slam, nearly winning everything, really. Did you do anything special? It was quite astonishing wasn’t it? The only way you’d top that would be with a gold medal this summer, I’m sure.” The mention of the gold medal caused immediate cheers for the crowd, obviously people supporting him.
“You had fun, Anthony?” Jarvis is giving him a smile. He’d like to know what it means.
“Of course not. The world has to actually think that you two are best friends. Which means that this little arrangement will be going on for quite some time. But as far as everyone can see, it’s been going on since forever, right?”
“Tell me more about her,” Steve approaches the piano, sitting on the bench next to Tony.
“I’m sorry what?” Angie sighs exasperatedly.
“Old rhythmic jazz. Give me a dollar.” Steve gains a Washington.
. Tony takes of his safety goggles, backing up to sit on one of the couches, DUM-E’s arm twisting in a gesture of concern.
“Kid...” Tony grunts out, bloody hand reaching out to brush Peter’s cheeks. “Don’t cry... you’ll be fine”
FRIDAY
“So Tony, how was Steve?” John leans the mic to Tony’s mouth. “Oh, I think we had a rather great time, even took him to his bench and everything at the end.” the crowd laughs. “Shame you couldn’t have closed it with a kiss- though I reckon five aces in a row beats that.” The crowd cheers at the mention of his game ending run. “I don’t know if it’d beat that, John. But you know what? It surely did beat him” Tony chuckles. He enjoys being a cheeky little shit.
the victory, he deserves to be
“I don’t know, Jan. There’s just… I don’t see anything else exciting ahead of me. Maybe I’ll have to change careers, be a pianist or something.” Tony says wistfully. The tips of his hair are being blown away by the wind, and he shivers a little. Tony stands up first, patting down the back of his pants and offering down an arm to Janet. “Let’s go inside, it’s getting kind of cold.”
So yes, Angie did call Steve into her office. And Steve of course, is going to heed Bucky’s advice. Currently, Steve is sitting down in the Deputy Chief of Staff’s office, waiting. Being the first son, he takes the privilege of being able to walk around the west wing to the fullest and tries to go take a look and study the work they do nearly everyday, really. Seldom does he skip the opportunity to do it when presented.
They exchange numbers, of course. Steve hands his phone to Tony, telling him to put in his own contacts into Steve’s phone.
“Tony it is.” Tony sounds great, Steve thinks to himself. It’s somehow... more relaxed, better.
“I’m not planning to, darling. I’m
“Look, the sun’s starting to set.” It’s as if the Sun is setting behind the town, illuminating the entire community. And it’s a perfect angle from where they’re at.
The length of the rally was 16 shots- Tony counted. Not bad. His careful observation from the days previous marked Rogers as a mostly baseline player, rarely engaging in volleys. Or any net game, really. That surprised him a little, Howard has always been a serve and volley player after all. Back to the present day. Tony won the opening set six to three, in what resulted to be a pretty long set. Right now, he’s the humble subject of his opponents serve as he observes the blonde’s first ace of the match. Not a serve and volley player at all, it seems. As it looks, the second set is pretty tight, The blonde is leading right now, but just barely. It’s their fourth deuce at five to six, but after that ace, Steve has the advantage, and Tony’s afraid that Steve might just take the set. Long match indeed.
“So- we’d see more of you and Steve in the future, perhaps? You two seem to be good buddies already.”
And speak of the devil, the moment his plane lands, there’s a car. It’s nice, it’s fancy. And he expects nothing less. Tony steps out of the door as he goes down the stares, and the cameras start to flash.
the environment is like none other. At night, the gleaming lights of the town can be seen from how low the mansion is, the structure of the town going upwards a mountain. He loves how near to the ocean the villa is, and he can’t wait to see it near the day.
“I’m sorry I haven’t visited you since the funeral... I guess it kind of hurts? I don’t know, Tony. God, I’m pretty confused without you here.” He takes a deep breath.
“Stupid, stupid, stupid. Damn it Tony, you’re not supposed to be here.” Rhodey almost laughs at the irony of the situation, how a few years ago he would’ve been in Tony’s position if it weren’t for Tony- and how he can’t save Tony, unlike what he did for him.
“Punk.”
what a magnificent thing to watch. All week long Tony has gotten a front row look to Rogers’ orgasmic forehand. The way the man plays is exciting to him. After nearly two decades on tour, it’s rare for Tony to face off against something new- against someone new. So really, he’s allowed to be excited for his match, just this time. Not to mention he wants to see the frustration on Howard’s face when he beats Steve Rogers in a few hours. Sadly enough, the news of Steve’s tutelage under Howard has proven to be true and Tony may or may not be just a little bit envious.
“Come on,” Tony jumps out of the car and bangs on the sides of the door a little, running ahead of Steve towards the beach. Steve, being the adult he is, unpacks the blankets and some sandwiches from the trunk of the car. Sand isn’t always nice, and they’re probably going to get hungry.
“Howard?
“Love you”
“It’s nice to meet Steve’s James” he smiles at the figure of James Barnes.
“You treat me so well, I’m keeping you forever.”
Fancy a little finalist hang together, Nat?
[Text to: Bucky Barnes]
“Well at least we weren’t stupid enough to keep a monarchy,” Steve is truthfully repulsed at the thought of having to attend tonight’s event. He wished he could’ve just stayed home. But his Ma told him to put duty over preference ever since he was a child. He knows what to do.
“I’m not a dancer, and you know that,”
“Okay so, bet.” Rhodey perks up. “If I win, you have
“Yeah?” They’re staring at each other in the eyes now, and Steve can see what must be the beginning of tears welling in Tony’s eyes, eventually one dropping down his cheeks.
When Steve returned from the mission, doombots fought and paperwork filed, Friday informed him that Tony was still asleep in the workshop, and so he decided to check on him, maybe get breakfast together in their favorite diner.
“Can you even stay still long enough for that?”
earth’s greatest defender, he
“But they aren’t like you.” Tony grins at that, but he also raises his eyebrow. This conversation usually happens the other way around. And so, the way it’s laid out now is a little absurd to him.
He watches Anthony and Natasha dance in the ballroom. He also sees the photographers lining up to take pictures of the two. He summarizes, Natasha is an amazing dancer, Anthony is... just using her for attention. And there’s a chance it might have set him off.
“Give everything a try, for me.” And what Tony wants, Tony gets. Steve enjoys everything on the table, loves how the sauces and the fillings melt in his mouth. What Steve also loves, is his dinner partner. Tony has taken the role of tour guide with a child like glee. He guides Steve through the dishes, explains each of them to Steve as if they were the most familiar things on earth, and again, Steve can’t help but marvel at that.
“Your pick?”
Steve frowns at this, a displeased feature starting to cross his face.
playing him today. He’s sitting in the locker room of the Rod Laver, relaxing his body and getting his warm-ups ready. Through the tournament he’s seen Rogers play and
“Okay, and his favorite food?”
“Rhodey, I- uh” Steve stammers.
Tony admits that he didn’t expect for it to take
“But I don’t know, Tony. I miss you, I miss you a lot. And I can’t help but think everyday that well... maybe it wasn’t worth it. All of it.”
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA
Steve looks at Tony, slowly getting his arms to wrap around him, lifting him and making him lean close to his chest. Tony stirs in his arms.
“Well you know us James have to stick together.” Tony would love to know if all the James’ on tour have a secret society of James or something.
The thing about Tony Stark, there’s so much to him. Tony is a genius, an artist, a lover. Tony likes adventures, and he enjoys tales of knights and dragons. What Steve loves about Tony Stark, is none other than Tony Stark himself. Everything about him, everything that comes with. Steve Rogers is in love with whatever Tony Stark is, and whatever he’ll be. And that’s nothing that can be stopped. Because a thing about Tony Stark, is how lovable he is, how amazingly himself he is, and just how eternally
“Well Carol and Rhodey are with me in heart.” His other two best friends apparently decided to skip on spending off season together this time, same with Bruce and Thor.
“I’m just saying, our sponsors will
Never more, never less. He missteps a little
created with that thought in mind after all. He muses on whether or not Steve and he will play each other again in the next few days. Of course it all depends on their brackets and opponents. He’s not going against Steve in the first round though, that’s for sure.
“Why do I have to be the one to go to London?”
“I don’t talk about him,”
Speaking of his new friends, Tony realizes that he may or may not have made a slight misjudgment of their characters. He remembers the night after Rhodey’s semifinal and his refusal to hang out with two pairs of wonder twins (read: Barton-Romanoff, Barnes-Rogers). Stating annoyance to the possible incessant questioning. When taking account of today’s interactions, it’s more like Steve has been the subject to his incessant questioning, not the other way around. Maybe if he said yes that night, they’d be good friends by now? what a thought. No use in pondering on the past. Back to today. In Dubai. In the beginning of the tennis championships.
“Well you’ll have to call me up and warn me if we’re going to face each other, then. I’d hate to lose against you.”
“Are you sure about that?”
As soon as he was capable, he was equipped with a coach. Edwin Jarvis was his, a legend in british tennis- one would be after finally bringing home Wimbledon to the brits. Jarvis to Tony was everything he ever needed, a coach, a mentor and eventually,
“So Steve, your dad trains him, no?”
“You’ve always had this look in your eyes, as if you’re looking down on me. As if I’m not worth you or worth your time. You just- don’t like me”
After the one hundred vollleys, they did some more hitting practice, trading partners. On top of that, Steve and Tony decided to do a small one set sparring match, Barnes opting out on grounds of tiredness. Jarvis did a number on him. Tony enjoys playing Steve very much, and without the burden of having to win, he played much more relaxingly, occasionally letting Steve score a point pass him on purpose. He hasn’t had a pro- well aside from Jarvis, to practice with for a while now, with Rhodey, Janet, Carol, Natasha, Thor and a variety of his friends on their respective tours.
“What if I say please?”
“Let’s stop here,” and so they come to a halt, their secret service agents stopping right with them.
Did I mention that he’s
“Hey babe”
“Friday set an alarm for 30 minutes”
“And here I thought you were just here to accompany me for breakfast.” he grabs a croissant, readily biting it.
Well, what is a white house term without a little bit of spice? And perhaps causing an international accident alongside the prince of england should break all expectations everyone has ever had on bets of his first international incident, right?
“You put up a strong fight, god of thunder.” Thor Odinson of Norway, known as the god of thunder. The nickname is taken from none other than his lightning fast serves and booming pure power. At 34 years old, people like to wonder how he can keep up that amount of power in his games on long rallies. And to that question, Thor would oftentimes shrug and claim it as just a simple gift from ‘the man upstairs’.
“I didn’t know he was back. Did you?” Tony inquired to Pepper. A stupid thing to ask, really. Of course Pepper knows. Pepper Potts is undoubtedly the industry’s best agent. She knows everything.
“Is this… are we in Italy?”
Camera flashes penetrates through his eyes, the moment of the two princes of the western world being spluttered in mess have now been immortalized and will make it to the cover of every newspaper, gossip rag, and magazine.
Who r u with???
Bucky throws a magazine at him. A move uncalled for. As a child Steve would respond accordingly and throw a magazine back at him, but he is not a child.
“Funny. You said that the last time too, the difference is I won this time.” Steve, hands and body drenched with sweat, walks with him to where Jarvis and Bucky are passed out on the sidelines.
“Oh you know that didn’t count, Rogers.”
What’s funny is, Tony never heard Thor talk about Steve. Not during Steve’s early career days when Tony was enamored by the thought of Steve Rogers, and not recently after Steve’s return even with Tony’s outright admiration for the player. Tony hopes that Thor never mentioned his past and maybe even present obsession with Steve, he doesn’t know how to escape the awkwardness of that conversation.
Rhodes ditched you yet?
“It’s four in the morning.”
It’s different because Tony Stark straight up admires Steve Rogers- and he’s
“Well, yeah.” of course Jarvis expects him to do so.
“You know what’s funny? Thor never really mentioned knowing you to me.” Tony hopes that it’s not the wrong thing to say. He’d hate to offend Steve.
“Hmm?”
“Are you being cheeky with me? That should be illegal.” Tony lays down, going into a pose “Come on Steve, draw me like one of your french girls.” Steve rolls his eyes at his antics, but he draws Tony in that exact pose anyways.
“Thanks, Tony. You’re planning to take Dubai again?”
an academy award for that.
“And then we’d laugh, and she’d cook.” Tony seems to drift for awhile, a small smile on his face, almost sad.
“-are you feeling okay Tones?”
Later on in the comfort of his hotel room, Tony broaches the topic of Steve Rogers with Pepper. She’s his agent after all. She’ll probably know everything that concerns him, anything that threatens him, his opportunities. Tony isn’t sure yet where Steve Rogers will fall in the category of his ‘things’. Back in the day, Pepper and Jarvis convinced him to not pay Rogers too much mind, not yet, he hadn’t warranted it yet.
Steve can see Tony smiling softly as if reminiscing something from his past “Just a little something my mama taught me,”
“Far as I remember, you’re number one, not under number one, Tony.” That is such a lame joke. He laughs anyway.
They go to the beach on foot, walking down the pathways until they arrive. And once they’re there, a blanket was laid on the sand and they sit together, enjoying mocktails and making small talk. Another thing about Tony, whenever he talks, his eyes seem to sparkle in excitement. Steve enjoys every moment of Tony geeking out about a mythology, or arthurian legend, or anything. His body language when he goes on ‘nerd rants’ isn’t one visible to members of the public, and it makes Steve feel special. They talk of travelling the world, that the next step should probably be more exploration.
“Playing monopoly with the game,”
The next morning, Steve continues with his routine. He gets into his running gear and he runs along the trails. He again, enjoys the sounds of the waves and the seagulls. He basks in the morning glory of the beach. When returning to the mansion, he’s surprised to see Tony already awake and tapping away on his tablet.
He looks for Tony to find him ankles deep along the shore lines, the waves of water softly tickling his feet. Steve smiles at the sight. He lays down the blanket, setting down the basket containing their food in the middle of it, and takes out his sketchpad. Steve draws Tony. He draws Tony in the ocean, his hair being swept by the wind. He draws Tony facing towards him, a wide smile on his face, his hands reaching out towards the world. Steve likes to draw Tony happy.
“Why do you do that? ...act like that? Is it hard to just be decent and not a jerk?”
“Shut up, shellhead.”
“Sweetie you’re not thinking of retirement again, are you?” he rolls his eyes and gets up, curling his knees to his chest. The outdoor air is chilly.
Post-meal, Tony drives them to a house. Steve suspects that said house is the villa Tony told Steve about last night. He can surely see the charm in it, how it’s not so massive but also not little, how the architecture is brazen enough, classic enough, modern enough. But
“Bring me Thanos”
The east and west room face each other, a place of residence habited by the president’s children. Usually, the children of presidents who live in the white house are... well, younger than him. But Steve sits at 21 years old, a student at Georgetown, aspiring politician, and he sits on the roof access through his window. He thinks of how not many know about the place except the few people who also lived in the room where he now lives in past times.
They ate and they laughed, and Tony talks of his experiences in Mexico and how he’s going to take Steve there the next time they get the chance to roam free from their duties again.
“I miss you, I miss your addiction to coffee, I miss going on picnics in central park and trying to hide from bystanders, I miss going out for burgers and drawing in your workshop until it’s late. I miss how you’d just spout out ideas for your inventions to me even if I can barely understand half of it, I miss your voice, I miss talking to you. God, I just miss you and your entire being, Tony.”
Jarvis. We were practicing.”
“Now that is for me to know, and for you to find out,”
“Hey there love birds, ready to go?”
“That’s exactly what you’re doing.”
Yeah, he did.
“You know what I mean.” Tony thinks he heard Steve giggle, but he’s probably just hallucinating it.
“It’s gonna be a pretty long flight so make yourself comfortable.”
“Are you being cheeky with me?”
“Overkill much?”
“So, a nickname?”
“And all it took was a trip to Italy, who knew.”
Tony grunts but finds his eyes slowly opening “...steve?”
“Which one?” Pepper sighs. It’s not like him to forget something. “The one I sent you, Tony. What was it titled? Iron Man strengthens his iron grip” Pepper continues, scrolling through her texts with Tony in search of the article link.
“mmm’ fine, just a bit dizzy” Tony mumbles, eyes hazy.
————————
“Whatcha thinking about punk?” Bucky bumps Steve’s shoulder, getting a response of a dirty look from Steve.
man. His coach. Jarvis has known Tony since ‘before he was even in knickers’ as the man usually puts it. Jarvis, for better or worse, has practically raised him for just about the longest time. Personally, Tony can’t imagine what his life would look like without his guidance.
“As a matter of fact, he does, yes. It was quite the eruption wasn’t it? Personally I wasn’t informed that my dad basically got another kid until I saw him here.”
“Where’s Howard?” he knew it was unlikely, but Tony had hoped. He had hoped that for once, his so-called father would be able to set aside his pride and show up.
“Only if you’d like to correspond with a loser.” a sheepish smile.
practically every brit
“For goodness sake Anthony, use a plate, you’d litter crumbs all over the place.” Tony rolls his eyes, but does so anyway. He cuts through his croissant and fills it with ham for Jarvis’ benefit as well.
Steve tries to make a list in his head, what exactly would be the benefits of him going to London and pretending to be friends with a guy he hates, a guy who hates him. First of all, he’ll get out of the bad books of the entire west wing. Second of all, he won’t jeopardize us-uk relations which could be dangerous for the future? He sees absolutely no reason as to why he should refrain from going.
“Well John you know me, I didn’t do anything special, just took a few beach vacations in the middle of the season. You know, relaxation.” he laughs and covers his mouth. “But no, I’m not sure I’d be able to top last year, it was a lot of effort. Maybe a bit too much effort, really. But yeah, a gold medal sounds nice. It would look perfect on the wall of my trophy room, don’t you think? I’ll make sure to take another AO first, though.”
They walk awkwardly in that position towards the car. “Steve, this is Peggy, my detail. And this is Jarvis, he follows me around.” Tony points to the two people standing by the car, and Steve gently waves his hand at them.
“I wouldn’t count on it, you’ll have to share
“Goodnight Steven.”
The air is dry, the world feels grim, Peter’s standing alone in the middle of it. He can hear the cheers of the people, people being reunited with their loved ones, people just cheering- being happy altogether after the news of Thanos being defeated was known. What they don’t know- what they don’t know was the cost of it, what it cost to defeat a giant ugly purple grape. What it means to him, and how much it hurt.
"No." Tony didn't even need to think about it.
Honestly, with the way Howard had been acting recently? He wasn't certain if he'd have been able to handle him even then. How Maria managed it once Howard was on his first brandy, Edwin didn't know and wasn't particularly interested in finding out. Not when he'd taken to escorting young Anthony to his room shortly after dinner, because no child deserved seeing their parents fight. Especially not like this.
“Thor, think you can ease up? He’s turning a really weird color there.” The Spider said, and he did
be working on a weather control ray—"
Hank Pym had nearly laughed them out of his office when he'd gotten wind that SHIELD was asking around for consultants; his wife had looked similarly amused but given them a business card with a 'for emergencies only' scrawled on it when she'd escorted them out.
"What do you remember of Ivan Vanko?"
Loki was...not the most sociable of people, he was willing to admit.
to the still-visibly dismayed agent standing before him. "Agent, when I say no, I
meant that each time he left his cryo chamber, he recognized the world less and less. Not in Wakanda, of course; King Azzuri himself had been adamant on not hearing about his country's future for fear of risking its prosperity, and thus far his country's isolationism was working in their favor.
In a different universe, Howard and Maria Stark would die at the hands of the Winter Soldier— though the truth would not come to light until decades later.
Also: Norse gods as codenames? Really?
This is not a vacation, we are trying to save the world here and all I have is limited personnel, useless intel and a timeframe that
"Pleasure doing business with you." Natalie Rushman smiled at Susan Storm as she shook her hand.
Natasha elbowed Clint, then took pity on Hill. "This isn't the world we remember, Tony Stark went MIA in the '80s and we've been trying to play catch-up in the time since. Janus Enterprises was considered to be a non-entity in relation to the main mission since it came to our awareness because let's be honest, there's a lot of stuff that's different from
"Iron Man, I presume."
"Combat magic is
to an impressionable seven-year-old who'd seen how bad some men could get behind closed doors.
He should have been the one to help. Over a decade of medical school and residency, not to mention undergrad, and he was a master sorcerer now too and it
it. Good luck finding someone else for whatever it is."
"What the—" Tony managed to get out, even as the blur resolved into a giant of a man who...was hugging him like a teddy bear?
Honestly, with the way Howard had been acting recently? He wasn't certain if he'd have been able to handle him even then. How Maria managed it once Howard was on his first brandy, Edwin didn't know and wasn't particularly interested in finding out. Not when he'd taken to escorting young Anthony to his room shortly after dinner, because no child deserved seeing their parents fight. Especially not like this.
him and—
“Back to the subject,” Phil Coulson said stridently, trying to keep things devolving before they had everything in order. “Just what exactly have you been up to? We’ve noticed a few changes, but I’d rather hear straight from the source.”
that crashed on their couch one day and then, just like the cat Tony'd taken to feeding when they were in Amsterdam for a few months, proceeded to just...wander in and out of their lives from there on out.
So he pastes on a smile whenever he's in public, and when he's not, calls up Richards to argue about his latest paper as he works on a clumsy AI who can't lie a damn and tries not to wonder what his mom would be thinking if she could see him now. Of the way Stark Solutions is booming, and quietly but unrepentantly becoming a major sponsor of groups fighting for mutant and LGBTQ rights [
"That bad?"
And in the meantime, Obadiah Stane saw an
"You can't be serious." Clint demanded, all levity gone as he lurched forward. "Are we really talking about—"
Somehow, some way, waking up in the past had broken his friend more than all the horrors they'd faced, and...Stephen was at a loss as to what he could do to help.
"So long as you don't hurt a hair of my son's head, we won't have any problems." Maria replied simply.
“That’s what we’re here for.” Fury replied, and Clint gave him a sharp glance.
didn't remember.
Director Fury rubbed his temples in a vain attempt to ease his headache, and sighed.
Dismayed enough that Tony's knee-jerk reaction kicked in, despite not knowing the guy. "Anything I can help with?"
of a—”
He nodded at her, then addressed the rest of them. “We’ve been monitoring Steve’s crash site. Absolutely
The Man of Iron, who was missing. Both from the war room, and from Loki’s most recent memories.
To be fair, the last time he'd seen Howard Stark had been in 1945, but...
Agent almost made a face for a second, then looked back at him evenly. "If you were to open the folder, you would see that the project has nothing to do with the sort. Your company specializes in energy as much as technology, we need your expertise in the former to investigate some anomali—"
all the work we did to prevent the disaster and Howard’s alleged retirement, he ‘unretired’ nearly as quickly as Barton did during the ‘Civil War’ of our time. Nearly half a decade of work, and the bastard undid all of it within
He’d been so, so meticulous, he'd himself a headache over how much he'd deliberated over it. Had written out a goddamn timeline of both everything he’d remembered and everything he’d read about after the fact, and burned it after he’d made his decision to fix as much of it as possible.
"Less than a pain in the ass than HYDRA. Thank
"We all knew there'd be hard choices, Clint. I know it's not pretty, but it's necessary for this timeline."
It was a cold comfort right now, though.
he discovered he'd eaten something his stomach disagreed with.
“People, this is serious. Chatter’s picking up on the Winter Soldier being active, and we all know what it means.” Fury continued, and
I thought he was bad news."
Even more so, when a quick conversation in private led to the discovery that this young Spider, this 'Peter Parker', was currently struggling with reconciling the differences between two worlds.
Far more than their archer, or their illustrious Captain, granted; but that in no way meant he particularly enjoyed her company. [
“…so you might want to bring him in, is what I’m saying. Erik gave your son— and Wakanda, for that matter— one hell of a headache, where I’m from.” Bucky finished lamely, and took the disbelieving stares he got in stride.
Between the giant green guy who was currently treating him like his favorite teddy bear, and the Captain America wannabe, Tony'd choose Jolly Green any day.
"Iron Man."
Because despite what the media assumed, it takes a special sort of woman to marry one of the most prominent warmongers in America. Takes a spine of steel and nerves to match and, unfortunately for Howard, Maria only ever played for keeps.
"Clint, this is the big one. Even bigger than the Steve situation." Natasha said, and he knew it but this was...
they didn't infiltrate SHIELD in this one, this is enough of a headache as is." Hill replied distractedly, leaning over to tack on another note to a wobbly stack one door slam from tipping over.
Behind his mask, Tony frowned. "If you're giving this to me to hand off to my boss..."
what the stakes are, we cannot afford for you to fuck anything up. Damn it. Looks like we’re going to have to call an emergency meeting.”
Here's the thing: Howard Stark was very rich, and very powerful. He was one of the most influential people in the country, and if they ever were to file for divorce? It was no question who'd be the one getting custody of their son.
“What are we calling it anyway? Time Travelers Anonymous? I mean, considering Nat and I've been around since Budape—” Clint asked conversationally as it died down, only to straighten up at the Deputy Director’s quelling glare.
Maria Hill rifled though her notes, and spread them out on the table, talking as she went. “His appearances fit with the timeline I’ve compiled, almost on the dot. But the effects are different— see here, with the Chilean elections? Intel had him pegged as the most likely shooter, back home, but here the vic reported a masked man saved his life. And it’s not the only case, either.”
"Okay, from the start. What do we know about Janus Enterprises?"
"Did you sleep through the last briefing?"
Phil Coulson had nearly ruined any chances they'd had of future encounters with the man, and it'd taken a lot of very fast talking to convince him to maybe consider answering if SHIELD ever came to call. Which had made for a very grim reminder that this wasn't the world they remembered, and it was only now that they realized just how lucky they'd been last time, when they'd had one of the most powerful people on the planet in their corner.
"No!"
The only consolation to this mess was that he looked just as dazed as she felt.
May just be a coincidence, but…
] when the migraine struck and memories of a future that would never be clashed with his reality.
“He hid his path as easily as Kaecilius did, and I…there’s time magic involved.”
"He's the media's darling right now, Coulson. I don't need to tell you how much Howard's fallen since he showed up, or the rivalry between Janus Enterprises and Stark Industries, or even that you're currently using a phone that has technology several decades ahead of schedule and damn it—" She let out a sharp breath, then closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose. "This is going to set us back
It felt bizarre, standing in headquarters she hadn’t seen in years, with the quiet buzz of personnel going about their business— and that’s the second clue Maria gets, because the uniforms are different, but…
At that, it was only natural for Natasha to let the corner of her mouth quirk up for just the slightest hint of a sardonic smile. "I'm afraid I don't follow?"
Whoa.
win, you’re going to have to kiss Lang and post it on instagram.”
“Preparation is the best weapon.”
“Yeah yeah.”
“Stereotypical brit it is.”
“First drink there? You’ve got a lot too catch up on.”
“Jesus Steve, is it still the prince?”
“There’s some bullshit about you on page 10, and I’m on the cover again.” Bucky looks smug. And that’s because they have a bet that Bucky will be featured on the cover of a tabloid in a month’s time or not, but that was two weeks ago. Now, Steve is two alexander hamilton’s short in his wallet.
Go bother Pepper.
“He appears to be sleeping in the workshop, captain. Would you like me to wake him up?”
The air force one is a sight to behold. Before his mom’s career, Steve had never even step foot on an airplane. Now, he’s flying trans-atlantic on one of the world’s most expensive and secure plane. The leather chairs are comfortable, and Steve is buried deep in his book, A Little Life, it’s titled. And it’s a touching read. Next to him there’s Natasha, Natasha is the VEEP’s adoptive daughter, she’s also his best friend. Natasha is amazing. She’s brilliant, beautiful, smart, and overall a sight to behold. Dugan, the giant ginger of a secret service agent is on a crosswords race with her, and it’s evident that he’s losing. Bucky, on the other hand is reading politico. Which frankly is an unusual read when it comes to Bucky.
“It’s not that, don’t worry. I’ll probably just lay off a few cups next year.”
“Go on and eat now, wouldn’t want you passing out in practice, would we?” He doesn't remember agreeing to practice today.
“There’s this house in Italy, a villa really. My mom used to take me there in the summer and we’d play piano,”
“Just how useless this whole thing is, and oh god especially the british government system.”
“I’d like to think that this is a joke, that you’re just playing a prank on me. But I guess present you wouldn’t do that, college you, maybe. You son of a bitch, I can’t believe- that out of
The trophy tour is a joy. Holding it up as people cheer for him. The post-match interviews are a breeze, as it always is when you’re champion. Even the rudest won’t make comments regarding retirement. Questions revolve around his game, his next steps after the win, about his opponent. To those, he answers with the news of a vacation. Clearly he needs it. He just won a calendar grand slam, and Tony will admit to wanting to achieve the incredible feat again. But for now, he’d prefer a vacation until Shanghai knocks on his door.
“Okay.”
“Well I could always use a good hitting partner, Rhodes seems to be ditching me for other players lately.” Tony laughs good-naturedly. He can see Rhodey rolling his eyes in Tony’s box, and Tony just waves at him joyfully. “I love you platypus.” he says into the mic.
“Anyways- I don’t remember doing practice today? It doesn’t say so in the spreadsheet either.” he remarks whilst taking a bite of his croissant.
Clint came in with Barnes and Rogers
“Can I…” Steve brushes Tony’s cheeks, Tony who’s currently under him.
Okay, that’s... great. It’s just thirty minutes. Only thirty minutes, nothing more. Tony soon found his eyes slowly closing, the sounds of the machines lulling him to sleep, his breath eventually evening out, and entering a state of slumber.
“Good morning Anthony, how are you feeling today?” Tony smiles at the british voice, the man it belongs to is sitting on the table littered with breakfast foods, a cup of tea in his hands.
The moment Steve enters the car, it’s silent. Tony’s hand loses its place around Steve’s shoulder, and the prince straightens up his clothes, taking off his sunglasses. Well maybe Steve is staring, he’s not gonna lie when he says Tony looks exactly like the prince charming he is.
Tony knew for a fact that Steve and James are close, he’d guess that their relationship is pretty similar to those of him and Rhodey. Brothers. Though he can’t hold the same statement when it comes to brothers on court. He’s seen Steve play doubles with Barnes, and he’s seen just how explicitly
“Thor mentions you to me a lot, actually.” Well that’s an interesting thought. Tony knows that Thor is an extremely friendly guy, and he
“A story for another time, I think.” Tony thinks he just fucked things up after only becoming friends with him this morning. Way to go Stark. “I’m not mad at the question, Tony. You can relax.” and Steve smiles at him, again. Steve seems to do that a lot, smiling at people. And it’s fucking contagious.
His players are both tennis players, legendary ones. Howard Stark and Maria Carbonell-Stark. A long time ago Tony was born in the middle of a roman summer, he grew up mostly on tour, going to tournaments and meeting other famous players. By age 3 he was picking up a racket and practicing in the lush grass of the Carbonell villa in Naples, the winds of the coastal city hindering the spins of the tennis ball constantly. Looking back to Tony’s childhood, he spent so much of his time travelling on the tour, he can’t imagine a life without it. And so, he made his mind up as a five year old, excitedly telling his mother that he’s going to be a tennis player. Just like mommy and daddy.
It’s always the same. Inhale, bounce three times, throw, hit. First ball. It slices through the air at breakneck speed, he knows where it’ll land. An ace. Tony throws again, and when he hits it with a bang, you can barely see the ball. Another ace. The crowd erupts. Across from Tony, Steve Rogers has the tip of his feet twisting on the baseline. Tony grins. Again, he throws overhead, a perfect parabola, the ball is waiting for contact. Three in a row. Steve Rogers is sweating now, they’re at eight to eight after all, who wouldn’t be nervous. It’s cute how the blonde’s eyebrows scrunch up in concentration. Tony inhales, and then he exhales. Sometimes calming himself down is necessary, he’d hate for this to go into another long rally, not when he’s so close to the match point. So when he swings at time with his jump, the ball flies yet again. Superb.
“He- I’m sorry, I tried, but-“ Steve tries to come through to a furious James Rhodes.
“Well it’s nice to meet you too, should I also call you Steve’s Tony?” Tony full on laughs at the comment. Oh what a thought.
In a flurry of motions, Steve found his hand lying on Tony’s shoulder, earning a reaction from Tony. Moments later, Tony turned his body around, this time, almost pushing- heck, of course he pushed Steve. The nightmare part was that Steve didn’t find his balance. He stumbled- tripped over his own feet, feeling his body slowly going into a horizontal flop.
“He has an older brother named Arno, who’s currently serving in the british military. His dad is the king, King Howard. His mom’s Name is Maria, she was an actress and musician when she was alive, she was Italian-English which technically makes the prince a quarter italian.”
“Don’t be stupid Barnes-“ Natasha was cut off to the announcement of the entrance of the prince. Stupid, annoying, prince Anthony. Who not only is late, but is also strutting arrogance with a goddamn burgundy suit. It almost makes his blood boil.
“Why of course, my darling.” And Tony leads them to the patio. Under the morning sun, Tony is basically gleaming. His eyes are reflecting the sun’s light, his talking seemingly even more illuminating. Tony’s hair is always a mess in the morning, there’s never a haphazard attempt to put himself together when in between those closest to him is a great trait of Tony that Steve has been honored to learn about firsthand through experience.
“Punk, Angie will kill you”
they are together. They complimented each other perfectly on court. And true to their testament as ‘brothers’, Barnes had disappeared along with Steve after the USO win. He does remember now though, how the two were a common fixture in the men’s doubles world of the grand slams. Tony at the same time also wonders, why they’re not playing doubles together again.
SUNDAY
“Steve, nice to see you.” The prince flashes him a smile, offering Steve a hand to shake. At this moment, the proper thing would be to shake his hand, but hey, what are formalities between best friends? He grabs Tony’s hand and pulls Tony into a hug, earning a gasp and a shocked look from Tony. So he does have emotions after all.
his suit. But at the same time he’s so tired-
“It’s fine, I’m fine.” Tony rubs his head, waving off Steve. But Steve has known Tony for quite awhile and he knows Tony as one to brush aside pain and injuries.
“But he’s too boring.”
“Steve! Come over here!” Tony is actually turned towards him now, yelling at him to of course step foot into the water. So he sets down his sketchpad and abandons his sandals, walking softly towards Tony.
“All good things, I hope?”
is cool. BUT he plays polo.
Of course, mister world number one.
SUNDAY
“Yes Stevie, a nickname.”
Working on the suit, working on
“Mr. Rogers,” typical aristocrats, always having to establish their status on those with lower status than them.
“You know what? Fine. If he wants to take another one of his broken pet projects he can fuck off. Why don’t we go celebrate instead mama? Rhodey and Pepper are waiting, and I’m sure we can ask Janet to tag along if you’d like.” No frowns, no anger. Smiles only from this point on. It’s not like Tony needs Howard’s approval anyways. His career has long surpassed his father’s by light years. Howard Stark could only hope to be remembered as Anthony Stark’s father and nothing more.
NAPLES, ITALY
“Didn’t know you were still here Steve-o,” He crouches down to escape the hood of the car only to be met with said hood falling down on his head.
Steve arrives at Kensington— Steve and Tony bonds in a dark place (literally)
his title. But it didn’t matter, because Steve Rogers just disappeared after winning one slam. And that’s weird. He knows better than most how the thirst for championships feels like. After you win you never want it to stop. Which is why, whenever a player other than him wins a slam, they’re always categorized under ‘threats’. You never really see what a player is truly capable of until they’re drowned in the glory of winning, full of new determination and thirst.
Tony’s phone buzzes with a notification. Jarvis looks over to him, “Who is it?”  Tony shrugs. He sees a simple text.
NEW YORK, USA
“-what? I seem sick? I don’t get sick”
instances!” Rhodey raises his eyebrows at Tony, how would losing a grand slam be winning, exactly? “Oh you know what I mean! You
“Anthony!” A loud voice bellows towards Tony.
“Second corridor on the left, I’m sorry, Rhodey. I really am” Steve looks down on the floor, unable to look at Rhodes in the eyes.
"Don't you dare 'Rhodes' me, Rogers. Where is he? Where is Tony? Where's my
Tony Stark isn’t one to usually get excited before a match. But today’s match is
“...how much I love you. Loved? I guess”
How crude. :(
Please don’t.
“Game, Set, Match, Mr. Anthony Stark.” the umpire interrupts as Tony lifts his fist into the air in victory. After a few seconds, he and Rogers approach the net, shaking hands.
Sorry for this overdue chapter! I might post another one today or tomorrow to make up for it tho! I hope you enjoy it!
Rhodey enters the room, his eyes immediately directed to a cloth stained red above a table.
. Perhaps now the commentators, the millions watching the match through television, the entire arena is yelling. But Tony hears nothing aside from his own voice, the way it erupts. Tony kneels on the hard courts of New York, and he wants to cry. The arena is still filled with gracious cheers when Tony stands back up. In front of them, history has just been made. The two players come forward to the net, shaking their hands and trading a congratulatory hug. Tony Stark sits down on his bench, his body is almost shaking with disbelief. He rubs a towel to his face, takes the effort to put on his full tracksuit set. He waves towards the crowds in his jacket, his face practically glowing from the historical win. And a little later on, when he kisses the U.S Open trophy for the 6th time in his career, when he holds his fourth grand slam trophy of the year, it all settles in Tony. There’s glory, and his chest is practically swelling with pride. There probably isn’t another happier man alive than Tony Stark right at that moment. He had just won four grand slams in one year, completing the sunshine double. There’s also Italy. Monte Carlo. Cincinnati. A few more here and there. And with there only being so few tournaments after the US Open he is guaranteed for year end number one for the fifth year in a row. The longest streak ever.
“Oh.”
“Thanks, Stark. You’re not so bad yourself.” Tony throws his head back in laughter, no doubt the cameras catching sight of their interaction, without the words, at least.
Steve finds himself wiping tears tracking down his cheeks.
Tony sends her back a few thumbs ups, replying with his own good luck to her. His hotel isn’t far, and he decides to walk there. He puts on his hat and quietly exits the arena, hoping no one would notice him. He subtly remembers that Pepper went ahead without him, muttering something about a press conference. So he’ll be walking alone. And as he walked, his anticipation for the finals didn’t recede. He thinks back to his semi-final match with Parker. The kid is ten years his junior and wasn’t really the best match for him. It pales in comparisson to his quarter finals match against Rogers. He remembers how excitedly people reacted post his match with Steve- how they were all excited that Tony could finally show off his skills properly against someone. A possible challenger.
And the game where you hit
“In the flesh.” In his early years of being world number one there was a player that stood out. Steve Rogers. They called him a challenger to Tony’s reign. Rogers started the circuit pretty old, at 20. Even won a slam, what they thought was his only. Steve Rogers won his first grand slam in the 2014 US Open, without the presence of Tony Stark, its defending champion. After a loss at the world tour finals, the tennis world just saw him disappear. They haven’t heard from him in what now? 5 years? In tennis, that’s the length of an entire generation.
“Shhshh you’ll be fine, love.”
“But I- Mr. Stark please” he’s scared, he’s so scared. He just got back, they just got back. Why is the price to pay so high? life and death- they synergies, and together they take, and take, and take. And he’s so tired of it.
“Exactly. This is going to be even better.”
“Then call me Tony.” he replies. Oh god he’s on a first name basis with Steve Rogers. Why is he freaking out about this?
u know what? nvm
Watch it, Rogers.
The arena is quiet. So quiet a pin could drop and its sound can still be heard. Tony Stark is on the court, the U.S Open Finale, the standings at 5-4 on the fifth set. 40-30; championship point. The player can be seen taking a deep breath, readying for the serve of a lifetime. What the whole world realizes is that if Tony Stark wins this match, he would have fulfilled the illustrious calendar grand slams in one season, a surely unimaginable feat in modern men’s tennis. Tony Stark tosses the ball upwards, and he jumps. Upwards a little, he’s swinging with a powerful grace, and the serve breaks through the air with a loud crack, the ball moving at an insane speed. The man across him is none other than the Norwegian tennis player, Thor Odinson, a player of explosive power, and he shows it through a jaw dropping return to the two hundred kmh serve. And so the rally starts. The two players hit back and forth, the sound of the ball coming in contact with the rackets, the air being sliced by the speed of it, those were the only things that could be heard from the court. The rally felt like it went by for years, until Tony Stark breaks through. The Norwegian player hits upwards, a grave mistake. Tony takes a deep breath, he predicts. He jumps.
“Of course I’ll do it, I try to own up to my mistakes you know?”
“Fucking unfair! That means you win in
There’s a private airstrip in Heathrow London, that same chunk of land is what Steve is seeing as the plane begins its ascend. And then, it’s off to the city. Steve’s personal security detail includes agents such as Dugan, or, affectionately known as Dum Dum, who’s currently drawing his schedule list.
But it’s all fine. Tony likes his new friends. And it’s always nice to have friends on tour, it can get lonely sometimes. Of course, Pepper and Jarvis are always present, along with the rest of his team and his mom for the most part is also there. Tony has a lot of acquaintances on tour, one would, after nearly two decades. But he’s constantly apart with his
Currently, the walls of his room isn’t entertaining. Actually, it never has been entertaining. Steve has been thinking about the file in his hands for the past few minutes now. He also thinks about the fact that a similar file with a similar list is currently in the hands of someone way across the pond. So, with them being in the same predicament, well, Steve just knows he’ll do it better.
the use of a powerful artifact. Especially when the creator of said portal was in an incredibly volatile emotional state.
“What's going on?" Clint Barton asked as he leaned back in his chair— only to straighten up when Natasha elbowed him.
Steve couldn’t help but frown, at that. “But this is— this wouldn’t have happened, back
rather than any feeling of true goodwill for the future of mankind. Picturing the look on Howard's face did more for his mood than the actual nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize— well, actually, no, that wasn't a good example, considering how much of it was grounded in the irony of the situation.
In this world, however, Howard Stark's alcohol problem culminated in the public relations disaster of the decade.
in passing, I didn't—"
In for a penny, in for a pound. Bucky tried to get it over with quickly, like a Band-Aid. Wasn't like he could do anything to soften the blow, anyway.
“You assholes had
” Bucky scowled from his spot by the doorway. “One job, all you had to do was keep track of the most high-profile kid in the country, when I did the heavy lifting, and you couldn’t even do that.”
Howard isn’t the man you remember. You need to remember he’s experienced seventy years of a history neither you nor I know of, he’s lived through the end of World War II and Korea and Vietnam and who knows what else. He’s seen the war it’s all he knows now, Steve, and you need to accept that.”
right out..."
Clint blinked, while Director Fury summed up their situation with his characteristic brand of candor.
All of his furtive studies of how to travel through the Yggdrasil paid off in spades as he raced from one realm to another, baiting the Svartalfar and trapping them where he could and and utilizing the terrain when he couldn't. Hostile native life, the harsh landscape— it didn't matter. He lost count of how many times his magic kept him a hairsbreadth from death, one step ahead and to the left of where they struck, how many times it was flicker of will and a shockingly-agreeable Infinity Stone that kept his head firmly on his shoulders, instead of bleeding out in a Norn-forsaken land.
Because she wouldn’t have carried the files she had in hand, if they’d been about to do anything else. Finding an empty conference room and locking the door took less than a minute, and from there, she whirled away from the door, carefully set the files on the table, and turned to Fury.
"I take back everything I ever said about Tony being a pain in the ass."
"Like that worked out
If not for JARVIS, he wouldn't have noticed when she approached him— partly because whoever'd left this notebook had terrible handwriting, but mostly because of just how damn quiet she was. Goddamn ninjas.
How many times had they burned the midnight oil working on battle plans, back during the end of days? How many times had they stared down certain death together, with nothing more than defiance and sheer spite going for them?
less friendly to those he perceives as outsiders [which is basically anyone outside of his family], and while he sticks to his morals with a white-knuckled grip, said morals are...more flexible than most would like.
"And yet you saw fit to recruit the HYDRA volunteer who mind-controlled the Hulk into attacking the largest civilian population in South Africa not two days beforehand. The
It took the Black Widow to convince the Hulk to put Tony down. If she hadn't already been his favorite person in this mess, then that would've cinched it.
and wasn’t around to save the day and Peter didn’t trust that team to do so after—well.
"What's the big deal with—" He gesture vaguely, and Natasha rolled her eyes.
"Nope."
that's part of why I need to look further where he's concerned because he's a Holocaust survivor and a good chunk of the reason all our intel's worse than useless for anything after 1963. Him and Xavier.
Fun times.
"Join us. We need everyone we can get when it comes to this, and Thor's out so often and—"
Both Tony Stark and Iron Man had been requested for consultations on numerous occasions. On one or both sides of the mask, he'd worked alongside local law enforcement, the X-Men, the Fantastic Four [
“Wait, you mean—” Clint started, before he gave Director Fury a look, frowned even deeper, and chugged his coffee before he stalked out of the room with a muttered, “damn it not another one…”
It took Bucky quite a bit of fast talking to avoid getting stabbed by the Jabari tribesmen who spotted him.
They were all so, so glad to be alive— but there’d been so, so many they’d somehow left behind, in their home reality. People who they had yet to meet, people who hadn’t even been born, and every time they noticed or caused another change in this world, it was accompanied by a niggling tendril of fear that this was it, this would be the butterfly that would trigger a hurricane that would seal their fate.
But who else were they supposed to ask? Princess Shuri wasn't even born yet, this Tony Stark was very much a chip off the old block and a hot mess to boot— and the other genii were unknowns they were still figuring out.
"No I did not." Came the curt reply, and Clint groaned.
think he'd be basically untouchable?"
"...you did tell him, didn't you?" Clint asked with no small amount of trepidation.
And all the while, time marched onwards.
“Wait,
and…he didn’t get to know Dr. Strange very well in their original timeline, had mostly known him through Tony, back when they’d been trying to save the world and…it may be nothing.
] which meant his reasons for skulking around an abandoned base after dark in the middle of nowhere weren't anything out of the ordinary. Just poking around and seeing what the heck Grey had been involved in, because apparently he was a busy man who only moonlighted as one of Kilian's henchmen, so, really, Iron Man's interest was
