"Are we going to talk about this?" Steve asked, interrupting Tony's thoughts.
Tony winced.  "We tried to get in touch with Reed Richards, but it's been spotty.  He and his family are off the grid right now, and the connection is a hit or miss."
* * *
, and his chest hurt in ways it hadn't since he got rid of the arc reactor.
To have Steve not only accept something, but to
Steve had worried quite a lot about Tony coming down.  He had warned both Bruce and Thor to have patience, because Tony was still working on his defensiveness.  There was Tony's own reluctance to consider too.
Tony turned around, surprised to see the blue dragon who first attacked him.  There were what looked like leaves held in a sling around his left shoulder, but otherwise he looked the same.  Big, intimidating, and bulky.  He should have made more noise than that arriving, and Tony found himself reaching for his gun before he knew what he was doing.
If the smile on the airman's face was anything to go by, he got it right.
Tony looked like he couldn't quite believe what Steve was saying.  "You want
"Come back down and sit.  Tell me about what happened," Rhodey continued.  "I'll listen."
Steve was about to reply when he saw another middle-aged woman making her way towards them with a determined glint in her eye.  She probably wouldn't be as bad, but Steve was done with middle-aged women right now.  "I'm going to be in the garden if anyone needs me."
"For the record..."
"Do not bother with Mr. Stark's annoying AI," Doom said.  "I have disabled him for the time being."
know things that should be secret."
"Can change," Steve finished, looking Stark straight in the eye.  "It's hard, but I believe in that change."
"He is the last person I want to see right now.  He's the one who got me into this mess in the first place!  This is going to be
to, Tony," Steve said.  "Doesn't matter if I could.  I can't..."
"Let him, Steve," Rhodey said, exhaustion showing in his voice.  "I think he means it."
"Do you hear
Steve stopped kissing him to peer up at Tony.  "Are you saying there's a time you
It was a pretty garden most people never saw, no doubt kept up by highly paid gardeners.  It was a pity Tony barely came out to the mansion.  It felt like a waste, only to use the mansion for charity dinners and the like.  Even the staff of the Maria Stark Foundation only came out occasionally.  Still, he could understand if Tony didn't have a lot of happy memories here.  The inside of the house felt more like a hotel lobby than a home, and he didn't think that was just because the Foundation moved in.  Tony had remarked as they came in that things hadn't changed much, and the house was very, well, stark.
"I'm not going to like this one, am I?" Tony asked, putting his hand back on her flank.
Yes.  Yes, he did.
Rhodey stretched.  "I guess I'll go find some coffee then."
"So dragons
Tony thought back to his rides from the city.  From what he remembered of the aerial view, that whole section of the cavern was covered with thick vegetation that left very little of the view underneath.  If one were to hide from the dragons, that was really an ideal place for it.  "I'll escort you home then.  I'm Tony, by the way."  He took her hand and kissed it, delighted to see a faint flush on her visible cheek as he flirted shamelessly.  "May I have the honor of your name, fair lady?"
Tony pat Steve's bicep in proof, reminding himself that he needed to keep this platonic for now.  Later though... He could think about later at another time.  "But you can still rest your head in my lap, if you like," Tony offered hesitantly, because Steve did look put out and that...  Okay, that was pushing platonic, but Tony wasn't strong enough to push Steve away completely.
The second dragon was deep red.  It didn't have horns and instead had a rose-pattern ornament, but otherwise looked the same.  A little smaller, perhaps, and without a bleeding shoulder, but Tony didn't fancy fighting two of them without his armor.  He could maybe take out one of them now, while they were-
"Isn't that the human custom?" Sam asked.  "Did I get it wrong?  Peggy said the hand greeting was what humans did."
"At ease, soldier," Rhodes said, doing the best approximation of a return salute as he could while heavily leaning on a cane.   "Though you can keep saluting if you want.  Not every day you get a salute from Captain America."
him, that he could take the pain from Steve. Steve should never have to hurt that much.  He didn't deserve it.
Tony tore his eyes away from Steve to see Kestrel standing in the doorway, the gun still in her trembling hands.
No one could be seen in the small meadow they crashed in.  They must have over shot the bastard, momentum carrying them forward and leaving the shooter behind.  Tony only hoped they were far enough away, because Steve needed help.
"I didn't want to interrupt," Bruce said, tapping nervously at the back of the tablet.
He was warm.  He could feel the affection rolling off Steve, who flared his nostrils and wrapped his tail even tighter around Tony's waist.  "Steve," Tony said, smiling sleepily up at the dragon.  "What are you doing up?"
They were under attack.
in his eyes.
"And what were those wrong things?" Tony asked, perfectly willing to rub salt in the wound.
"Have you heard of confidentiality, Cap?" Fury said by way of greeting.  "Because I'm starting to think you don't know the meaning of the word."
For a long moment, Iron Man didn't move.  Then he pulled back and put a safe distance between them, and Steve let go as disappointment set in.  "Steve, I'm honored, but I can't...  Secret identities are part of the agreement with the other Avengers.  You can't know..."
talking about these things either.  "But if you hadn't noticed, we have a system.  You give me a pretty fair warning when you're getting bad, and I either leave you alone or try to tough it out.  You stop when I tell you to.  You usually apologize after, too."
Mem: And there you have it.  It's not quite as polished as I would like it to be since I was running out of time, but hopefully it works well enough.  It's so loooooooooong.
He turned to face Steve, at a loss for what to say.  There was a tightness in his chest that loosened at the sight of Steve that Tony couldn't explain.  Steve looked at him with a lopsided smile, just out of a shower if his damp hair were any indication.  He looked...
"Any time," Steve said, pushing the memory of Iron Man's hand in his out of his mind.  Iron Man didn't have to know his heart was still broken.  "Come on.  Let's get back to work."
It was a few minutes before the armor clicked back into place and a lot of wiggling to get it done by himself.  Tony made mental notes of how he could make the process faster the next time he was at the workshop, because while suiting up by himself was possible, it wasn't all that comfortable and he was far from a contortionist.  He left the helmet off, figuring as long as he took it slow, he should be fine without it.
There was a roar in the distance, one Tony had heard in the vision.  The hydra!  He screamed as he felt teeth tearing into his wing -
"Hi," Steve said awkwardly.  "If you promise not to hit me again, I'll let you go."
Tony whistled, coming over to stand next to Steve, who automatically pulled his husband in for a light kiss on his temple.  He wasn't exactly
Tired.
He saw the movement out of the corner of his eye.  It was the only warning he got before a punch landed on his jaw.  It wasn't a very strong one, but the surprise caught him off guard.  He reacted after that, catching the small wrist and pushing it down.  He remembered himself just before putting Kestrel in a more painful position.  He blinked as a pair of green eyes stared up at him.  "It's okay," he said.
Finally alone with Steve, Tony took a deep breath with all of his circuits.  "Okay, so you're angry at me," Tony said, trying to figure Steve out.  Even angry, Steve should have been
Tony's fingers stilled, but they didn't leave their perch.  "Never been much of a hero.  You know that, Sheriff."
the look meant.
Steve was hurt, the pain on his face so honest that Tony wanted to punch those perfect teeth.  "You're angry because I trusted you?" he asked.
Finally, Tony relaxed and she loosened her grip enough for Tony to wiggle out.  And he did, but not as immediately as Steve had expected (and hoped, just a little, but no, he wasn't thinking about that because Natasha was already on to him and he did
The shot surprised all of them, and the knife Kor'la'vin was holding fell to the floor, followed shortly by her body.  There was a bullet hole in the middle of her forehead.
Steve shifted underneath him, raising his head to look at the ceiling as well.  "What do they look like, the stars?" Steve asked.  "They're in some of the old stories, but all we have is the pattern like my crest.  Do they really look like this?"
.  And sometimes those flaws annoyed the hell out of me, but that didn't mean I wanted them
The name-feeling repeated.  "I'm still angry at you," Steve said, though he sounded fuzzy and confused.
"I have to be crafty if I want to steal you from the butterflies."
"It's a portal," Jane said.  "That part was easy since it's largely based off my theories, but not enough to report back on.  It doesn't move through space though, just time.  But that's the problem.  Tony said something about the tachyon particles forming a message before he cut us off, so I've been trying to crack that using some of the designs and equations on here.  Which are amazing, by the way.  I build most of my tools, but these are really-"
"It's not going to happen," Tony said, his hands fisted tightly against his side.  "I'll change things."
Tony was
"Good," Tony said, burrowing against Steve again.  "Now go back to sleep and don't leave this time."
"Please?" Steve asked, holding out his hand.
"I, uh, brought some cookies?" Steve said, tearing his eyes away from Tony's muscles.  Which was not what he was supposed to say at all, really.  He was so glad Natasha wasn't here, because she never would have let him live this down.
If Tony hadn't been shivering so uncontrollably, he would have stilled completely.  "I hate caves," he said instead of answering.
"The suit here-" Kestrel was saying.
Steve nodded, knowing exactly which request in his unfinished drafts it was.  He figured he could get away with a shady-looking '
Tony looked behind him as Steve whined softly.  He turned in Steve's arms, biting his lip in worry.  "What's wrong?" he asked.  If Steve had a reaction headache from over indulging in the link, it wasn't bad enough Tony could feel it.
Peggy flared her nostrils and wrapped her tail around him gently.  "I thought you were making your own destiny?" she said, her voice fond.  "I shouldn't worry about such things.  They will come if we worry or not, so don't listen to me."
"I can leave you two alone, if you don't want me listening in," Steve said apologetically.  His voice was as clear as if he were crouched right next to Tony.  "I'm sorry.  I should have asked first."
Steve raised his head from Tony's lap.  "I should-"
Steve rolled to the side to avoid the blast, catching his shield as it bounced back to him.  That last shot had clipped his arm, but not badly enough to hurt.
"That and fixing my vote in the election?"
date.  "You said you'd never thought about it before."
Steve's shoulders hunched as he let Thor lead him to Clint's position.  He wished it were that easy.
Iron Man was silent, the glowing blue eyes of the face plate boring into him.  Steve didn't let up, even though Iron Man could probably break out of the hold easily.  Or would be able to, if he were actually Iron Man.
Steve looked up to see another airman, not the one who had driven him here, but presumably the one on watch.  "You got anywhere to go for a run around here?" Steve asked.
"You're late," Steve said, startling him out of his thoughts.
She bit off more of the ice cream, her eyes downcast.  Leo acted like he was seeing Susan for the first time.  And Susan...
The pairs spread out, Steve and Tony ending up in the middle with three heads to pick off.  Tony rolled out of the way of a set of sharp teeth, sending a repulsor blast into its eye.  It screamed in pain and knocked into one of the other heads.  Steve folded his wings and dropped down, reopening them at the last second as he cut off the second head with his claws.
"That's enough," Cap said, his voice thundering through the room.  "I've known plenty of people who have fought with disabilities, but self-pity won't get you back in fighting shape."
The exit was also blocked by a massive tree, but he didn't have to push that one.  Steve and Sharon were pulling it down.
"Yes!  It's pretty," Sharon said, and Tony got the impression of bright happiness.  He wondered what it would have been like to have a sibling he adored that much.  Would things have been less lonely after Dad...?
"I'll leave you to it," Steve said, recalling his earlier smile to his face.  "Thanks for having dinner with me."
Steve stomped down on the curiosity that ate away at him, reminding himself firmly that he had made a promise.  He had Iron Man's trust.  It was that more than anything that had him ignoring his need to know more and forcing himself to eat rather than let his mouth run to ask questions.  Iron Man's trust was too valuable to waste.
"You can also sort by post type if you only want to look at art and pictures," FRIDAY chimed in.
Once she was settled, Tony started to make his way through the undergrowth again.  He gave the river a very wide birth, not wanting to tempt fate.  "Dragon crystals?" he asked once he had found his pace again.
"He has been trying though," Steve said, not wanting to think too long on some of the things Tony had said while he'd been trying to push Steve away.  Their arrangement had never actually been discussed, but when Tony lashed out, he did his best to stop when Steve told him.  He apologized and tried to do better.  Steve got the impression that usually Tony tried to keep to himself when he was in that mood, and Rhodey had a point about Steve sometimes pushing that too far instead of respecting Tony's boundaries, but...
like it hadn't since before the War.  That was bad.  So was the aching in his ribs and the intense pain in his left leg, but his chest was currently the most worrisome.
Tony let it slide.  "The other dragon..."
"You're what?" Tony took a step back, bumping into the desk.
He cursed softly.  He really hated magic.
in general.  What he wouldn't give for a nice, warm, bed.
"Most do," Peggy answered.  "There are a few that don't, but most of the time families are very close.  But you can bond with others outside of your family too."
"Why is the coffee downstairs better than the one in here?" Steve asked, a little unnerved by Tony's silence.
Natasha  would have had the answer to why the change was important by now, but she wasn't here and it still eluded him.  "I
Steve was lounging in the moss light, reminding Tony of a cat sunning itself.  "I sometimes draw," Steve said.  "Or go on patrol around the area to pick off any thing that might think humans look tasty."
"The mind bond bothers you," the red dragon said.
Tony, and even knowing Steve could easily throw him off, having Steve pinned underneath him settled something in Tony he couldn't quite explain.  He wanted to wrap his arms around Steve, but he knew Steve would get testy about the IV so he settled for fisting his hands in the blue undershirt of Steve's uniform and breathing in the smell of leather and sweat as he curled into Steve's shoulder.  His ribs were hurting like a bitch in this position, but at the moment he didn't care.
Jarvis raised an eyebrow at him.  "You were only out of contact with us for twelve hours at most," Jarvis said.  "Though I sure as hell would like to know what you did to that armor you were wearing.  And your shirt."
"Why do you want to talk to him?" Ms. Potts asked.  "'Ms. Rushman' has vouched for you, and though we've come to terms on a lot of things and I trust Natasha well enough now, I still don't trust her with Mr. Stark.  So why are you trying to meet with him?"
Surprisingly, Tony did this time.
"And once he got a dose of people applauding him - really, genuinely meaning the praise, he couldn't stop.  Because the moment people found out, that would be gone," Rhodey said sadly.
"Wasn't planning on it," Tony snapped, hunching over slightly.
Tony coughed again, and Steve caught a few specks of red in his hand before it was hidden from view.  "The serum should counteract the Tachyon particles from decaying Steve's body at an accelerated rate.  We're not sure how, but it works.  If he is erased while alive, there's a chance to save him.  That's more than I have, because I fucked up worse."
"I won't let you take my memories away," Steve snarled.  "Tony, if you do this, we're through."
Steve's mouth was a firm line, but he knew better than to disagree.  Instead, he walked over to the controls and started scanning the data after giving Leon's shoulder a squeeze.  "How are things out there, Susan?"
' he heard Natasha say in his memories.  But Stark didn't have the sort of animosity he'd been expecting before the meeting, and he'd been laughing not seconds before it happened.
Bright red and navy blue, passion and flame, dancing and music.  The rose that blooms in adversity and the immutable constant of the sea.   Loss.  Fury.
"Was it me?" Steve asked, looking back down at the drawing.
"Yes," Steve said firmly.
"I'm fine," he said again, this time with that fake smile.  "Sorry to worry you."
Tony moved a little ways off, firing the thrusters at fifteen percent.  The canopy was thick, but between the dragons and the earthquakes there were plenty more holes to maneuver than there had been before.  It was easy enough to get out as long as he took it slow.
"But you..."  Tony had just walked out of the armor.  Was it some kind of disassociation?  But Tony hadn't denied it before, and he hadn't acted differently when Kang had forced him out of the armor.  So what was Tony talking about?  It couldn't be another misdirection.
He didn't want to waste too many bullets when the hydra was waking up too, but the repulsors were a fraction too slow to charge.  He fired two rounds, hitting the thing right in the chest.  It dropped like a log.  "See?  I handled it."
"Christ, Stark!"
"Ask and you shall receive."  A target appeared on the HUD, and she didn't waste a moment as she blasted at the catch.
"Punk," Steve said, slipping his hand around Tony's back and pulling him along.  "I don't know why I put up with you."
"Only to someone who has seen it in you before," Thor said.  "You have a mind for conquest.  It is quite clear by the look in your eyes and where they linger."
"I don't think so," Viper said.  "He is more useful to me alive right now.  I need him to ensure your loyalty, Mr. Stark."
* * *
Shaking his head to clear it, Steve left his room.  He technically had his own floor now, but he moved in before it had finished, staying in the common areas Stark had made for the Avengers to use and he'd just never left it.  He used his floor for drawing and for when he wanted to be alone, but more often than not he stayed in his room on the communal floor if just because being closer to his team sometimes chased the nightmares or lingering loneliness away.  Iron Man had understood once he explained it and said Steve was welcome to keep this room as long as he wanted it.  He felt a bit bad about wasting a whole floor of space, but Iron Man said Stark insisted on keeping it, rather than letting it out to someone else.
"We can't talk to Iron Man about this," Natasha said gently.  "You can't either."
"Oh!" the woman said, fumbling with the clipboard.  She pushed her hair behind her ear then straightened her scrubs.  She saluted, and Steve belatedly realized she wasn't a civilian nurse.  "I-uh, it's an honor to meet you, sir," she said.
"But what if I fail this time too?"
"I don't want this on the network," Steve said, shaking his head.  Tony was right.   If whoever is behind those robots can teleport all of the bits and pieces out, then hacking would probably be child's play.
"Go," Tony said, standing as well, his phone in his hand as he scrolled through the alarm data.  "I'll send Iron Man to your location."
"We've evacuated everyone we could," Peggy said.  "We of the guard will stay to try to protect the city.  Sam-"
The mural itself was carved in the stone, the color painted on the sinuous mineral curves.  The dragons in the picture were fighting men, and Tony traced a painted spear thoughtfully.  The armor the men wore looked like it couldn't be too far from when humans stopped hanging out in the trees.  That didn't make the weapons any less deadly, however.  Tony always had a healthy respect for weapons made by people who killed to survive every day, and they appeared to be working exceedingly well against creatures twice the size of humans.
To his surprise, Tony did stay quiet.  He didn't look at Steve, turning back to the pieces of the silver armor.
"Are the others still upstairs?" he asked.
"The last human felt blank," Steve said, his tail curling tightly around him.  "There was nothing where his mind should have been.  You are guarded, but as long as you aren't in the suit, I can still sense you.  He felt like a blank canvas, but with no potential beauty to make it gleam.
, waffles or no.  After the second choking attempt, Steve glared.  "Does Tony know you're doing this?"
"You think the army would get rid of its only super-soldier?" Steve asked, sounding far too reasonable.  "Besides, there's no one here but the stars to watch us."
She was surprised when his code popped up in front of her, and she looked up at him before touching it.  At his nod, she took a closer look.  She couldn't help the small laugh when she realized the code he unlocked for her was his fingernail colors.
He was half asleep by the time he made it through the meal, and his headache was only getting worse.  He wanted to check on Steve, but he hurt a little too much already.  He went up to the roof when Sam prodded him, surprised to find it wasn't empty.  "Steve!"
Steve felt his heart rate speed up as his breath caught in his lungs and his ears burned.  He watched the butterfly slowly spread its wings, partially obscuring Tony's eyes.  And wasn't that something?  Strange that it took a butterfly to see what was right in front of him this whole time.
"You're good with other people's problems," Steve said with a hint of a smile.  "You've always helped me when I had nightmares."
"They've done a lot of terrible things to other humans," Tony continued, trying
All of the dragons were evacuated though.  If Steve didn't recognize the dragon, then that might be a dead end.  His headache was getting worse and it was getting harder to remember the details.
"I am not an alien, Captain.  I come from Earth in the 41st century," the man said.  He stood and walked towards him, leaving the chair behind.
"Now you save people," Wanda said.  "You give them hope."
He'd always wanted to know what kissing Iron Man would be like.  Now he knew.
Tony gaped at him a moment before replying.  "I was going to say that you tumbled me into the bushes, but it sounds dirtier when you say it.  But Steve, people are going to talk, and it won't be nice things."
Steve tugged lightly on Tony's wrist, not pulling, but not relinquishing his grip either.  Tony was helpless to resist.
Her feet were clothed in soft slippers that were a brilliant emerald green, a little brighter than the rest of her outfit.  He focused on the delicate ankle, allowing himself a moment to appreciate.  "It doesn't look like it's swelling too badly.  I'll fly you out of here and we can take a look in the better light."
"There are secret places even the dragons do not know of.  The hydra would have listened to-"
Viper's fear on her face as she looked at the water reminded Tony of some of the young soldiers he'd met that were getting shipped out for their first time to the front.  Then she looked back the way they had come, to the gate.  "The dragon crystals," she said, shifting off her bad foot.
That made a depressing amount of sense.  "So it's a long siege, not a quick skirmish, is what you're saying?"
Blood rushed to his face as she spoke, and it took all he had to make his thick tongue move.  Unfortunately, this hang-up wasn't due to his hangover, but Ms. Potts herself.  "I... uh.  I mean... What can I do for you, Ms. Potts?" he finally forced out, wanting nothing more than to bang his head against the table.  He could talk to pretty women now with a bit of help from Natasha's acting skills and some practice, but he still didn't know what to do with a compliment.
They went down deep, spiraling so he couldn't see around the corner.  It unnerved him, since anyone could hear him coming from miles away, but he'd never be able to see it.  Still, he kept a look out, taking the stairs one at a time.
He needed a distraction.  "How are the repairs on your armor going?" he asked.
He limped the rest of the way, the light getting brighter as he went.  It was also getting hotter, but not unbearably so.  There was a break in the murals, and Tony slowed to a halt in front of what looked like a gate where the light was coming from.  He drew his gun, ready to shoot if there were any Hydra goons on the other side.
There were no robots, pieces or otherwise, but they were able to clean up for the construction crew and no one died today, so Steve was counting it as a tentative win.
"You've already proved it to us," Steve added, watching the three of them glow under the praise.
was what it was like to kiss Iron Man.  Hard but warm metal under his fingertips, smooth until he reached a  joint or a dent Tony hadn't had time to take out.  Tony's goatee pricked at his upper lip and chin, and he ran his other hand along it experimentally, pleased by the sensation.  Tony was kissing back, but hesitantly.
"I did."  He held it out for Steve to see, feeling oddly vulnerable as he did.  Steve picked it up, lightly tracing the edges before he gave it back.  "It was real," Steve said.
The ground shook again and a vicious roar made Tony clap his hands to his ears.  Tony could make out another monster clawing its way through the hole in the ground.  This one had twenty heads.   Tony couldn't believe it.  All of that was for nothing?
Steve almost held out hope that Iron Man would prove him wrong.  It was dashed when the armor's shoulders hunched over.  "That's what I thought," Steve said, picking up the punching bag and putting it in the bag recycler  Tony had made, then picking up a new bag and hanging it.
Steve took a step back in surprise, and Tony tried to rein in his temper.  None of this was Steve's fault.  "Are you alright?" Steve asked.
"Oh, yes.  Sorry. Right.  You have to stop him!"
Still, he managed not to throw up in the potted plant as he walked back to the make-shift office SHIELD had given him before he'd moved most of his things to Stark Tower.  He kept the lights off when he got there and closed the shades, groaning as he lay his head down on his desk.
Tony ran a quick diagnosis and found a couple, but they were an easy fix on his part.  "Nope.  You did a fantastic job putting me back together, Little Bird."
Jarvis sighed and Tony looked away, not knowing what he'd done to deserve the disappointment this time, but having a guess.  "You know I've never approved of those sorts of trysts, boy," Jarvis said, shaking his head slightly.  "But this whole damned business is enough to set anyone off his rocker."
"Come here," Tony said, his voice soft.
No.  No, he wasn't okay.  Tony closed his eyes again, hands fisting under him.  Now he couldn't follow Steve and the others.  He'd failed again.  Sam, Peggy, Sharon, and all the others...  He'd failed them all.
"What are you-" Tony asked, looking at him frantically as he tried to keep Steve down.  "Don't move, sweetheart.  You have to start healing."
"I'm going to get
"But not as stubborn as me," Steve replied.
Tony shrugged.  He knew about revenge and grief well enough to know it doesn't always make one rational.  "I'm willing to make amends with old blue if...  Say, you don't happen to have actual names, do you?"
"So no one gets in trouble," Ms. Castillo promised.
"It's... not outside the realm of possibility from what he showed me.  I only knew him for a week though," Natasha said, and the frown remained.
"How terribly heroic of you," Stark said, but his hand returned to Steve's hair like it was drawn there, and Steve didn't remember moving, but his head now rested on Tony's shoulder.  Here in the dark, Stark was
"Because even that little bit might be helpful to Stark," Fury said.  "And to warn you.  Stark hasn't been the most forthcoming with a lot of the information on the portals.  That has a lot of the boys in the lab worried.  Might be that he can handle it by himself.  I'm not so sure.  Look out for him, Captain."
Steve felt Tony push him down and he went with it, rolling to break their fall and keeping Tony on top of him to save him from the worst of the gravel.  He hit the ground hard as a flash of electricity nearly blinded him and he blanked out for a moment when his head hit.
"Wow," Carol said.
, Susan," Kor'la'vin said in the same voice.  "All you do is sit and cry.  Your Daddy and me, we tried to raise you, but this is all you can do?  Your family is dead because of you."
"Honestly, giving her some time to think on it is the best thing right now," Tony said with a shrug.  Then lower, "You okay?"
it was just files, but one could never be too sure with Fury.  What was it the robots wanted?  Why attack some place so remote?
"You've been fighting in it these past two years," Kes said.  "It's yours now."
Steve stared at the words, barely understanding their meaning, though he'd memorized the message within seconds.  His throat was uncomfortably tight, but he couldn't put a finger on why.
are?  A stuck-up brat who can only lash out at the world?" Steve yelled, because that cut deep.  Deeper than Steve had prepared for, and his anger went off hotter than a firecracker.   "How many people are willing to put up with you?"
She was still waiting there when Tony turned back to wave before sliding past the tree.  Her green dress and jewelery practically glowed in the moss light, like an angel amidst an evil temple.
She held up the HT device again.  "Cobra, you know what to do."
He was no stranger to death.  He'd seen it plenty before he came to Timely, and he'd bet Stark his weight in whiskey that he'd see it plenty more before he left.  Probably soon, given this evening's events.  He hauled up the four corpses - three of which were marked by his own bullets - and tied off the rope with the meanest knot he knew.  Now they were hanging for the whole town to see the consequences of messing with the laws of the land.  They were dead men, and dead men don't care what happens to them after they're dead.
Leon frowned, squinting at Tony, who just waved cheekily.  "Not Skrull," Leon agreed, confusion taking over.
"I'll call if I do." Sam gripped Steve's shoulder reassuringly when Steve looked down. "We'll find him. He gets squirrel-y with you around though, and you're needed here. Let me try alone this time and see if it makes a difference."
Steve wished Tony would tell him what was going on.  The broken phrase pricked at his curiosity, but Steve pushed it aside.  He would have to be patient and not push for answers like everything in him screamed to.  Tony  had said he'd tried to tell them in the past.  He had to believe that Tony might keep trying, and he was going to have to learn to read more between the lines.
, so I have to keep practicing."
Steve figured, but it had been worth a shot.  It still burned lowly in his gut and he resisted the urge to punch the wall again.  "Can you patch me through to Iron Man then?" he asked, because if anyone could help with Stark, it would be him.
"Do you always draw on napkins?" Tony asked, tracing some of the lines with his fingers absently.
"For what?"
After a few weeks of steadily gaining followers, Steve got his first anonymous message. '
Steve pulled away but caught hold of Tony's wrist.  "It's an order now.  You're zoning out too much."
Steve looked back to see Rhodey gripping the sides of the chair, eyes red, but angry.
"Wasn't this whole thing going to kill them all anyway?" Tony asked, baffled.
Susan flinched.  Something must have happened that she hadn't told them.  Before he could move closer to her, Cap put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed it reassuringly.
"My bed's the other way," Steve said, but he didn't fight it.  It confused him more than anything, why they weren't heading back outside.  The crowd had probably died down enough by now.
"What?" Tony asked, turning to face Steve finally.
"Thank you," Bruce said quietly.  There was guilt in his voice that Steve could empathize with.  "And Steve?  I don't think Iron Man would do that without a very good reason."
"I hate it when you push," Tony muttered, almost too low for Steve to hear.
Kestrel didn't automatically start a scan, taking the device apart quickly.  Steve tried to help when she fumbled it, but he backed off at her glare.  He smiled reassuringly at Susan's questioning glance.
"Because the War doesn't leave room for much else," he said simply.
"Hm," Steve replied, adding a few sharper lines.
"I...  Okay, that's...." Iron Man said, sounding both angry and distressed.  "Is it because of Mr. Stark?  You don't have to keep putting up with him, especially not if he's making you feel like that."
"Stay with Colonel Rhodes," he ordered, then got out of there as fast as his legs could carry him without looking like he was running away.
After pouring some syrup over the waffles, Steve took a bite.  "This is really good," he said, impressed.  It was mouth-wateringly good.  Once he could think properly again, he was going to have to sit down with Tony and come up with a tactic that would get Rhodey to make them more often.
Christ, how deep did it go?  Was CPR even possible?  However, he had other things to worry about.  The reactor wasn't shining white like normal.  It was the same black color as the portal, and its light gave Steve the same uneasiness as the portal did.  It was somehow inside Tony's arc reactor, and he knew it wasn't good.  He couldn't find a pulse, but Tony...  Tony wasn't dead.  He just had to get to someone who could fix this.  Get rid of the black light and Tony would be fine.
With that, she lifted off and flew to what Tony thought was the east.  She glided with the now bright moss dancing off her wings.
"That's what I thought too."  Bruce bit his lip, then shook his head.  "He hasn't exactly
"But you did," Tony said.  "And you're still here because of your quick thinking, rather than in her place.  You did a good job."
Steve laughed, unable to help picking Tony up under his arms and swinging him around.
Steve's cheeks flushed, and he forced himself to let go.  "Tony, that's not..."
"It didn't take," Steve said.  His voice sounded familiar, but it wasn't quite the mental voice Tony was used to.  Was that a Brooklyn accent?  Tony was almost a little horrified in spite of himself.  The cheeky response was definitely familiar, but Tony didn't dare allow himself to hope, not after the dreams he'd had.
Kestrel stilled for a moment, then continued to fight.  "Damn Skrulls," she said, twisting in Steve's grip.
"Look, Cap.  This isn't you.  I really think-"
* * *
"Tony..."  Steve couldn't help the small shake he gave Tony.  He still refused to look up.
* * *
"I think that you believe it," Rhodey interrupted.  "And those were a hell of a lot of details for a hallucination.  You're inventive, but not that much."
"Stark Industries' private jet has requested a takeoff in an hour, course set for Afghanistan."
"What is it?" Natasha asked, glancing over his shoulder before Steve could hide his phone. "You're on Tumblr? '
"That's no reason to be so hard on him," Susan said, anger returning.  "He's had-"
Steve could fill them in himself.  Prisoners of that much importance tended to be moved separately to prevent them from breaking out.  Which meant the twins had found some leverage to keep them together.  Or, more likely, one of them was being threatened to keep the other in line.  He tightened his grip around Tony but kept a straight expression that wouldn't betray his thoughts.  It would only worry Susan more, and there was currently nothing they could do about it.  And the hope that was currently in her eyes was too welcome a sight after what had recently happened.
"'Fraid so," Sam said, looking at it critically.
Sam and Peggy shared another look.  "You're bonded now," Sam said, the words running through Tony's mind.  "Like Peggy and Sharon.  It's been building for a while now, but you getting hurt must have tipped the bond."
"Is something wrong?" Steve asked, grabbing a water as he walked over and sat on the bench next to him.
He was startled out of moodily staring at the data by JARVIS.  "Captain Rogers, you wished to be notified when Mr. Stark returned to the Tower."
Steve closed his eyes, thinking back to that moment in the garden.  That was a show of
Steve read the 'story' with a growing frown.
Jane screamed and Steve nearly dropped the phone.  "Dr. Foster?"
Steve cautiously entered the kitchen, looking around for any suspicious behavior.  Tony
"Are you alright?" Steve asked, unsure of how to take Iron Man's strange behavior.  He was also moving differently, the armor more jerky than usual.  "Are you hurt?"
"I am," Stark said, sighing heavily as he led Steve to the small kitchen.  "Could be drinking right now too.  You've an inconvenient habit of cutting me off when I least want ya to."
"You've had enough," Steve said, his head starting to feel pleasantly addled by the liquor's effects.  It slowed his thoughts just enough to stop seeing blood.  He probably didn't need the rest of it either, but it was dark and he'd seen enough today not to care.
They fell into an intuitive pattern after that.  Twice they missed the time frame to cauterize the neck, but they were down four heads.  Tony would never have thought fighting with a dragon could be this easy.  They'd never practiced, but Tony felt like he could read Steve's moves better than he could Rhodey's.  He knew when Steve was hurt, but it didn't affect him like it had earlier.  Now it helped him cover the dragon while Steve healed.  He wondered if this was the bond or if it was something else entirely.
She did, then kept going.  "And Tony owes me for this.  I deserve chocolate and that expensive wine he hates.  And a suit of my own.  I can see why he keeps them, but I need one, and I want more guns.  More guns than Rhodey's."
There
Tony looked down, leaning over as best he could to get a better view.  "I think you're on to something," Tony said, following another small crack.  He was reminded again why he never wore the armor to explore.  That, and things ended up destroyed more often than not.
Bruce looked sheepishly down at his tea and Steve and Natasha shared a look.  "We were both kind of caught up in Dr. Foster's theories," he muttered.  "Other than a few blueberries, I don't think either of us have eaten."
What he needed was some advice, he decided the next day.  He woke up from nightmares early that morning, but instead of going out for a run, he brainstormed.  Unfortunately, he came up with nothing.  JARVIS, as he suspected, was also reluctant to help in this case, though he apologized for the inability.  In lieu of a proper plan, he needed to find someone else to talk to.  He walked into the common rooms later in the day and was a little dismayed to find only Thor and Clint watching television.  He'd been hoping for Natasha or Bruce, since they seemed to know Stark the best.  Still, beggars can't be choosers, and with Iron Man still gone, he had to start somewhere.
"For you, honey bear, it's only the best from Japan."
"And they've got my circuitry in them," Tony said, self-loathing dripping from his voice as he curled tighter around his knees.  "Things I made hurt Rhodey."
"You should watch a movie with me and take a break," Steve interrupted.
"Tony-"
"How strange," Sharon said, focusing on the swollen leg.
Natasha wrinkled her nose.  "They're considered bad form.  People you love should know how you feel before hand and it gets messy when you survive anyway."
The light became less painful, but Tony still kept his eyes closed, blocking out Rhodey and Pepper's words no matter how insistent they became.  It wasn't until he felt the warm metal of the armor that he opened his eyes, looking up to see the armor Rhodey started calling War Machine at the start of the War.
Steve paused in unwrapping the bar, frowning as he went over his interactions with Tony in his head.  "I think the media likes to paint him like that, but from what I've seen of him, no.  He seems more like the type that needs to be pulled away from something that doesn't work.  You were the one who said he was driven."
talk with-"
Tony woke up feeling warm, which was definitely an improvement over his last wake-up call.  It was warm and the lights were muted, but not off, and when he managed to open his eyes, Pepper and Rhodey were both sitting at his bed side.  Pepper was on her tablet, frowning down at it with a frustrated expression and her feet in Rhodey's lap.  Rhodey had a book in hand and an exhausted look in his eyes as he absently rubbed Pepper's feet.
Steve dove down onto Sam's back, claws ripping into his shoulders.  In return Sam folded his wings and let them drop at least fifty feet, spinning mid air to throw Steve off.  Sam went in, fangs bared at Steve's neck.
Tony didn't remember much of the landing, but he was pulled out of the daze when Sam started tearing the suit to shreds.  "Don't-"
Then there was also the fact that Tony had issues.  Steve had only brushed the surface of them.  Their talk last night had been fun, but light.  Howard hadn't come up and Steve had taken pains to keep it that way, but that was baggage they would eventually have to deal with, regardless of if they were friends or more.
Tony stopped clawing at the hand around his neck.  The Red Skull wasn't even paying attention to him at this point, putting him as down for the count.  And Tony was down, more or less, but he used the last of his strength to twist the armor into the right position, facing the Red Skull head on.  "JARVIS," he gasped, "Fire Unibeam."
"Tony, they used me to try to get information out of you in the dream," Steve said, anguish in his voice.  "And they used your feelings for me to keep you from realizing what was going on.  That was..."
"You could fight too."
listens."
Susan screamed in frustration, shooting again and taking a blast to her back that made her stumble forward.  Not the canon, thankfully, because at this range that would have taken her out.  She let some of the back-mounted missiles fly to keep Kor'la'vin from having time to charge the bigger gun.
Steve felt relieved, then a little guilty.  At least it wasn't Iron Man, even if he hoped Colonel Rhodes would pull through.  "This is the suit you gave the Air Force?" he asked, recalling the limited data he'd seen in Stark's file.  SHIELD had never seen it necessary to give him files on the other suit or its pilot, since he would have no ties to the Avengers for most of the time.
" Steve said.
"Fights and all," Tony said, tugging insistently.  "Come on."
"You're welcome," Tony said, still looking out of his depth.
The second thunder strike only made Tony jump now that he was aware of it.  He hid his hands back in between him and Steve, trying to breathe naturally rather than in big, gasping breaths.
"I'll always jump at the chance to show off my fella," Steve said, flushing slightly as he led them to the elevator.  Steve heard Tony muttering about dating a sap under the noise of the armor's servos.
"If you want to get out of here alive, we do it on my terms," Tony said.  Then softer, to Steve.  "You're thinking awfully loudly..."
Fear settled in her gut, but she swallowed and pushed it down, scanning the darkness for the train.   It was still a ways off; she could barely see it even with the suit's distance viewers.
Steve led him to the couch.  Or tried to.  He nearly brought both of them down again, but Tony steadied him.  "Are you always this much of a klutz?"
"Of course," Tony said, intentionally not thinking of every lecture from Rhodey and Jarvis about being reckless.  He got the feeling Steve knew anyway.
As quickly as he could, Tony ran his fingers over the inner edge of the suit.  He found the catch and various items came tumbling out.  He searched until he found  a long cylinder.  "And let there be light," he said, his voice rough as he turned on the flashlight.
"And you thought this was a good idea?" Stark hissed softly enough that he probably thought Steve couldn't hear.
"It's fine," she said, moving to the back room where they had come from.  "Can I get you anything?"
Cap led her out, and she took hold of his hand before she could think better of it.  Cap smiled reassuringly and squeezed her hand.  "Come on, kid," he said softly.  "Let's give him some space."
Tony didn't hesitate, dropping down as something flew over his suit.  It took him a moment to get his breath back from the jolt.  "What was that?"
The next day he and Natasha were discussing the new training regimen for the team when he casually checked his messages and nearly choked on air.
"It's natural charm," Tony said, finding his footing.  "Everyone wants a piece of me.  Why?  Looking for some advice on how to woo members of the family Papilionoidea?"
Tony pulled off, half standing as he remembered Steve was still injured.  "Your leg-"
"You will be taken out of time.  You do not belong here, Steven Rogers," Kang replied.
said.  "Even after I took her place.  I was there for
the sort to take things this fast normally.  But it felt like they'd been dancing around this for a while, even if Steve hadn't seen it, and he wasn't going to make the same mistake twice.  He'd waited too long with Peggy, and missed his chance.  He wasn't going to let that chance slip away again.  "I'll see you at eight?"
"Captain Rogers," Stark said again, though Steve could see the lines of tension in his bare arms.  Steve pulled his lingering eyes up just in time to catch Stark's pointed look to Ms. Potts.  "What an unexpected pleasure."
"We're talking about dragons now?" Rhodey said as he came into the room, Pepper on his heels.
Then he saw Jan and Tony in the eye of the storm and relaxed.  If there was an emergency, Tony would be in the armor instead of laying on his stomach and cutting fabric.  And Jan would be small and fierce, not humming as she sewed a button onto whatever costume she was making.  It didn't look like her normal colors, so Steve was a little confused.  Were they getting someone new on the team?
"Greetings, Avenger," a deep voice said.  Steve looked over his shield to see a man in some kind of futuristic chair.  He wore odd green and purple garments with some kind of screen that protected his face like a space suit helmet, except that it made his skin look purple as well.
Once JARVIS assured him it was secure on the jet, Steve tried to think of anything else he could do to extend the time just a little longer without wasting it, but everything was falling into place.  He went to the barracks and packed both of their things, then left to retrieve Tony.
Tony reached up to wipe them away with his now good hand, flushing slightly.  "The human body's response to sadness or pain," he said.  "They're called tears."
He chuckled softly to himself, remembering Margaret and James keeping him up at night more times than he could count.  Steve had always...
, Capsicle."  Tony said, walking up to him and pushing on Steve's chest.  Steve stood firm, not rocking back as Tony made shooing motions.  "You want to blame me for Romanov and Barton, fine.  Just do it elsewhere.  Vamoose."
"I... think so.  But with the Skrulls..."
Indignation over came the blush, thankfully.  "Just because you can't appreciate fine specimens of humanity is no reason to wound a man's pride by saying he 'looks funny.'"  Tony stood and brushed himself off, the bond lessening when he was no longer touching Steve, but it was still there.  He could feel Steve pouting.  "What are you doing in my workshop anyway?  And how did you get in?" he asked, wiping away the wetness around his eyes.
"Because I was a bully.  You were trying to stop the fight, but I kept pushing," Steve said, instead of admitting because it hurt Iron Man.  He felt the blood rush to his face at that.  It sounded stupid when he put it like that, but that was the core of it.  The staff had turned him into the thing he hated the most.
* * *
"No one has been up top in over a thousand years," Steve said.  "We're weaker up there now.  We've been under here so long that the magic in the upper world is too weak to sustain us.  The others would sometimes try to take a quick peek when we were younger, but I was always too sick and too small to go."
What he saw on the other side of that wall nearly caused him to drop the gun, even with Jarvis's remembered voice screaming at him about it in his ear.  It was only reflex that stopped him.
Steve started on his second before Tony began to eat his, but Steve was just glad to see the man eat.  They ate in a subdued silence, and Steve was getting the feeling Tony didn't know what to make of any of this.  Steve honestly felt a little smug that he'd managed to throw Tony Stark off his game.
Clint shrugged, taking over the dishes that Iron Man had left.  "He's a puzzle.  One I keep trying to poke at to see if he'll let us solve it.  Don't you think it's weird that he gets upset when we talk about Stark, but never defends the man?  If he and Stark are friends, why does he do that?"
"War Machine," Tony said.  He looked over at Steve and saw his confusion.  "Not Iron Man.  This one's Rhodey's.  Well, technically it belongs to the Air Force, but if they try to put a different pilot in there the circuits fry until they're left with a pile of very expensive slag."
Tony tensed, but he didn't seem all that upset or surprised.  "Thanks for the help.  I assume I also have you to thank for
Tony curled around his coffee, ignoring the slight twinge of pain that brought.  Rhodey just laughed, sliding into the seat next to Steve's.  "Then Rogers can get the coffee next time.  It's freezing out there."
Steve mentally shook himself, then draped an arm around Tony's shoulders.  Tony tensed as Steve started to lead him out.  He relaxed slowly, and Steve put it down to being surprised.  Steve let out a small breath, glad he hadn't overstepped.  Tony could be a hit or a miss when it came to his personal space sometimes, as Steve had learned over the past few days.
"Hm," Tony said, and Steve had thought that would be the end of it.  But Tony surprised him again as he nosed closer.  "Then I have a request."
when negotiating for cookies."
"We're fine, Steve.  Really fine.  This is just something we need to do," she said.  "It's nothing to do with super-villains future or otherwise, or SHIELD."
"Thought it'd be the best place to find you," Steve said.  "I, uh, got pretty good at breaking and entering during the War.  Also, Fury has your codes."
She nodded, slipping her arm in his.  "Will you listen if he comes around later?"
"This scar is the reason I hate people like you," she said.  "The dragons are foolish, but I didn't dare get close to them.  The Red Skull's old notes about them made it clear their telepathic abilities were too strong to bluff."
He could feel Steve's fear of the metal surrounding him and the gripping sense of helplessness.  The pain was nearly blinding despite the fact they hadn't started with the metal weapons yet, but Steve was trying to push it back for Tony's sake.
Tony shifted, not quite able to sit still, especially with the silence.  He also seemed unwilling to break it himself, however, which was something Steve was also struggling with.  It was far too easy to say the wrong thing.
Tony sighed, relaxing but not meeting Steve's eyes anymore.  He gave Rhodey a smile, though it wasn't the blinding one Steve had seen Tony give when Rhodey had first woken up.  Then he looked over to Doom.
Steve wisely didn't say that Tony's work appeared to be consisting of smashing apart the Iron Man suit at the moment.  "You could join me?" Steve said instead.  "I think the others have probably finished by now, and it's lonely eating alone."
It was suddenly very hard to breathe.
"But you..." Leon said, trailing off.  Cap being
"Why are you making so much of a fuss over this?" Steve asked, crossing his arms over his chest defensively.  "I didn't want to feel like that anymore, so we made a few changes."
"Status?" Steve asked, lowering his head wearily into Tony's lap.  Tony automatically started to pet him, Steve's eyes closing in pleasure though Tony could tell the dragon was still listening to Sam.
"Charge the crystal for us, Mr. Stark.  All it should take is a sustained blast from that weapon in your hand.  We're on a tight schedule and I've been away too long as it is."
Tony laughed.  "Yeah, I'll pass on being a third wheel in that cabin.  Figures.  We get caught up in a plane crash and the pilots get sex out of it, while we just get frostbite and you end up breaking your leg."
"Well, you are guarded," Peggy replied playfully, some of her unease dispersing in the banter.  "But Steve can sometimes be stubborn.  He'll come around.  Just let him sulk for a little while."
Tony gasped as the movement jarred his leg and worry became the number one emotion he was getting from Steve.  "I'm fine," Tony gritted out.  He pushed on Steve's flank to get his point across.  "Or will be.  Let them get me to a healer."
He started to pace as Jane explained, making sure his grip didn't go too tight on his phone.  "If something or someone was thrown outside of time and erased completely, presumably he could get them out of it before he died.  I assume whatever it was had to be important to the time line, as he
He was on his fourth bag when he realized he wasn't alone, and he nearly jumped when he saw Vision so close. "Uh, hi," Steve said, trying to regain his bearings. He hated when Vision did that.
Natasha hmmed.  "I'd agree.  That at least sounded more like Stane's profile than Stark's, but Iron Man may have had a hand in what happened to Stane.  There was something Stark was hiding that I could have gotten if I had more than a week to crack him.  He kept his cards extremely close to his chest."
Susan was stopped by the finger on her lips, but Kes still wasn't looking at her.  If anything, Kes looked more hurt.  "You did perfectly," Kes said, stepping back and looking at her hand like she'd burnt it.
Brown eyes narrowed at Steve.  "You saw it."
There was the Tony of Steve's memories, the one he married and raised two children with.  Steve was struck suddenly by how much he
It was dark.  He missed the crystal he'd lost in the cave because now the only light was the horrific red glow from the skull.  It was enough to see the eyes glowing in the heads that tried to bite at him and the terrifically sharp teeth that could do more than just dent the armor.  The repulsors made things worse, so he fired the flame thrower at one of the heads before the ground under him started to shake.  Startled, Tony nearly fell off and only the flame thrower saved him from getting bitten in half as he tried to regain his footing.
"You could sleep up here?"  Steve said hesitantly.  "I don't need as much warmth as the others do because of..."  There was a half-feeling of a name, wisdom and age and trees, but it was cut off.
Tony gasped, trembling.  He fucking
Steve reached out to touch Tony's cheek, telegraphing the move so Tony wouldn't flinch.  It was still taking some adjusting to, these casual intimacies.  "Aright," Steve said, pulling out some sort of paper (it wasn't an animal skin, but the material didn't look like trees either.  Tony decided to ask for some later for better analysis) from the basket.  All thoughts of the material it was made from left Tony when he saw the drawings.
"In a snow storm?" Tony asked incredulously.  Then he did a few mental calculations.  "We were probably flying over the Great Lakes, come to think of it.  Fucking lake-effect snow.  That's just messed-"
Kestrel and Rhodey finally let him go, Rhodey rubbing the tears from her eyes.  She beamed up at him after that, taking Kestrel's hand and squeezing it gently.  "I knew we'd get you back," she said.  Then the anger returned to her face.  "Now get Cap back to normal!"
Peggy and Steve took off laughing, and while Tony had seen dragon dancing a few nights ago, there was something more elegant and sensuous when Steve and Peggy danced that made Tony wish he had actual wings.  It was dangerous too.  Tony's heart pump nearly stopped when they both dropped about fifty feet in the free fall before straightening up.
There was another small period of silence before Stark broke into a loud guffaw.  Steve looked up to glare at the man, but it was hard to stay angry when Stark was doubled over laughing.  He looked better when he smiled honestly.  It was a beautiful smile.
* * *
"Tony?"
Carefully, Tony pulled away again from Steve to feel along the line of Steve's leg.  There was a crude splint made from what was probably a tree branch and torn bits of parachute, and Steve was, in fact, just wearing his boxers.  Tony wondered how wet Steve's clothes must have gotten, for him to shed most of them like that.
"It's not outside the realm of possibility," Natasha said.  "He was Phil's case before mine, and you know Fury thought there was something off about it.  Besides, Iron Man also doesn't say anything to contradict that persona, despite clearly being angry about it.  You have to wonder what he's hiding."
Thankfully, Steve didn't appear to notice.  This was
"It's not something the doctors can handle," Natasha said, her voice softer as she spoke to Bruce.  "But I've got an idea what this is about."
"You shouldn't be apologizing," Tony said, shaking his head.  "What I said-"
He was interrupted by his phone, which surprisingly played a normal ring tone.  Steve would have expected something different.  He didn't know what exactly, maybe some modern song or something with a bit more personality?  But not the standard ring tone he heard from half a dozen other phones.
"No, you're right," Tony said, still not meeting Steve's eyes.  "I fucked up.  That's what I do best, after all.  That's who I am.  Happy now?"
Even in the 40s, that was a pretty ominous phrase.  "Okay?" he said, wondering if he'd screwed up on the field.  Technically, he and Natasha were running the Avengers, but Rhodey was not only a higher-ranking officer, but also older and more experienced.  Steve knew better than to brush that off, especially if it was something in the field of air support.
Natasha sat on his bed, looking at him thoughtfully.  "To be honest there's little to no chance of this meeting going well."
"You think it," Tony said, cutting off any protest.  "I hear it enough when you and Jarvis or Pepper are whispering about me."
, Steve reminded himself.
Rhodey tried to push himself up and Steve helped him back to the chair.  He seemed more composed now, though the look he gave Tony's still form spoke of fresh grief.  "And what's that deal?" Steve asked, hesitating between retrieving the cane or staying between Doom and his friends.
Steve frowned.  "You can't eat in the suit, though."
She swallowed once more and took off.  She still had to get the prisoners off the train and she couldn't afford to think about the Skrull who murdered her parents.  She could think about the gaping hollow in her chest later.
Steve's tail did not let Tony go.  Tony pat it reassuringly.  "Steve, it's fine."  Then he pressed his good hand against the tail and thought about the stars on a calm night with the ocean's waves as the only music as they rocked the Lady Dorma soothingly.  "Shh.  It's okay."
"I know," Steve said.  "But knowing this much hasn't hurt things yet, has it?"
"You should take a deep breath," Steve said mildly.
," Tony said, but he didn't seem that bothered by how fast they were going.  And if Tony actually wanted to slow down, Steve would wait for that.  He just wanted his intentions clear.
Tony shook his head, ducking under Steve's wing as he flew back down to the ground.  "I've run away from my responsibilities enough in my life."
"Only when I don't have my notebook," Steve said sheepishly. "It's a bit bulky to carry around, so I don't always bring it. Plus it'd be kind of rude to just start drawing when I'm supposed to be listening... overtly, anyway."
Steve's cheeks burned as he bit his lip hard enough to draw blood, and he could taste the iron on his tongue.  Tony's words struck fast and deep, aiming for all of Steve's weak points.  He hated the fact that Tony apparently knew them and was willing to exploit them fully.
Sharon leaned in close to him and Tony just barely remembered not to flinch when her claw came up to his cheek.  He reached out and touched hers, then kissed her claw as well, because a beautiful lady deserved to be flattered.  He was pretty sure she was beautiful for a dragon.  He knew from Pepper not to imply otherwise.
Tony swallowed.  They couldn't be that far.  Not more than ten minutes' walk if he estimated right.  That was twenty minutes Steve would be by himself.  "I'll come back," Tony promised, hating himself for having to make it and the fear that Steve tried to bury when he said it.  "But you need to keep pressure on the wound."
There was an altar in the back of the temple that Tony walked towards, ignoring Steve's fretting over stealth.  The suit was never made for hiding, and he'd like to see a massive blue dragon be any better at it.
"You two are really close," Tony said again, this time more thoughtfully.
Tony didn't look up, because he knew the expression that was in those blue eyes and he didn't know what to do with that.  "What do you want me to say?" he asked, his shoulders slumping as he stared at his hands.
"God damn stubbornness," Tony countered.  Because the serum would help, but Steve's will power had done the majority of it, make no mistake on that.  And he'd done all of that while lugging around Tony's dead weight and managing to keep Tony out of the wet snow too.
"Drink, then spit it out," Sam said, holding a bowl of water to Tony's lips.
"We brought soup, if you're hungry," Steve said, earning a glare from Tony and a small upward tick of Natasha's lips.
He jumped at the hand in his hair.  He automatically reached for the person's wrist, but the voice reassured him before he started fighting.  "Easy," Stark said, coarse fingers massaging Steves scalp through his sweat-soaked mop.
Kestrel didn't promise.  "I'm not... What are you doing to Leo!"
"Never thought a sitrep would calm him down," Steve said, hissing with pain as Rhodey helped him to his feet.
"Picture I didn't realize had been made public domain.  Actually, I don't even remember that picture."
"You're the one sitting against the damned rock!"  Tony only just held back from shouting at him, and he considered that an accomplishment.  At least his hands were already shaking from the cold, because he was pretty sure they'd have been trembling anyway.
Tony looked at Steve's hand, then gingerly accepted the pull up.  "Celebration?"
"But this is the best lead I've gotten," Tony said, placing an arm atop Steve's and intertwining their fingers.  "The Skrulls are moving two high priority prisoners at the end of the week, and that info I only found though a new decode I barely found a crack for with our current processing power.  The prisoners might not be the twins, but they are definitely important.  Breaking out whoever it is could help us in the long run, even if it's not Kes and Leo."
Tony resolutely did not think of the pride and wonder that had been in Steve's thoughts during the memory.  He coughed.  "It happens occasionally," he said, also not thinking about the meaning of why human faces turned red.  He got the sense Steve figured out the truth anyway and was very interested in that fact.  Punk.
He pat her head in consolation.  He was getting better at telling when Natasha was messing with him, but it was always good to be sure.  "Have you ever made near-death confessions?" Tony asked after several minutes of companionable silence.
"You can't," Wanda said.  "There is something else you must do."
"We will," Steve replied, holding Tony tighter.  "I'll figure something-"
' read Steve's transcript.  Above it was a picture of the Howling Commandos, drawn from Steve's memory.  Bucky had been the hardest, because Steve couldn't quite let go of how much he had failed him.  Was still failing.
"He's not a pet!"  Tony's head whipped up to glare at her, anger taking over the guilt.  "You're not-"
"Good genes," Stark replied, tapping her head lightly.  "She gets it all from her mother."
Stark pulled it out and frowned at the screen, then popped a small device into his ear as he held up a finger to Steve to say 'just a moment'.  "Tony Stark.  What's up, honey bee?  Haven't heard from you in a while."
"I..."  Steve looked back at the tree, wondering how far beyond it Iron Man was.  "It seems like it'd be lonely, eating by himself like that all the time."
"They could be," the other man said.  "If you actually gave them a chance.  Nothing's going to change if you keep avoiding them like this."
His clothes dried quickly in the heat, and soon enough even Jarvis would consider him presentable.  He brushed himself off, looked in the water-mirror one last time as he tried to comb his hair into something manageable, then left the bath.
need to give her more material).  Tony's hands settled over Natasha's for a moment as he took a deep breath, then he stood up, fussing with the bowl of soup as he talked.  "It's good for you.  And for your soul.  At least, that's what the internet tells me.  Or were those the heartwarming stories?  Whatever.  It works, right?"
Tony pinged her location.  She wasn't too far.  "Okay, kiddo.  Putting this on the loud speaker so Cap can hear," Tony said, redirecting the link to include both of them and sending Steve the relevant biodata.  "Your call.  Think he'll trust it's you if you keep flying?  Cause you don't have a lot of cover where you are."
He struck his non-gauntleted hand in his pocket and tried not to shiver.  He had gotten used to the warmth of the dragon lands and he wasn't dressed for what was probably close to freezing.  Hopefully he wouldn't be in here too long.
"Mother and sister.  His sister was the one who called me earlier.  Mrs. Rhodes has been sick recently and they couldn't chance the flight.  She asked if I could come while she was getting ready," Stark...  Tony replied dully.  It was hard to think of him so distantly in a situation like this.
He borrowed some clothes when he finished since his were somewhere on the quinjet and that probably needed an escort to get.  The airmen were very entertained by it all, but Steve figured there wasn't anything in the rules against wearing shirts from another military branch and he really didn't mind that much.  Thankfully he was only asked for a few photos, but he made a mental note to properly visit with the troops here before they left.  It was different now that he was more than just a propaganda piece, and while he wouldn't do another show, he could still do some good and raise morale.  And he could drag Tony along, because it'd do him some good to get out of that hospital room.
He snuck out to the roof after that.  It was closer than the ground as the stairs he had gone down earlier hadn't even gone a third of the way down the building.  But it was colder up there, and after the heat of the building it felt fantastic.  Tony stared at the darkened 'sky', seeing the moss's faded glow reflecting in the crystals in a way that made the shadows dance.  He tried to think of its potential uses and the science behind it, but his mind kept drifting back to the problem of his heart.  He hadn't even been looking for a solution, not since the War started, but there was still the crushing sense of disappointment.  It wasn't like he really needed much now with the orichalcum, but what would it feel like, to have this hunk of metal out of his chest?
The door of the train offered very little resistance to a pair of repulsors, and she took out the remaining guards before she even had a chance to look around.  It was a small cabin, with very little to look at except for dead guards and...
Steve's face fell.  "I didn't think of that.  And now I'm going to and mess things up."
"Then Rhodey it is," Rhodey said, then gestured to Steve's uniform.  "What's the special occasion?"
Steve could have sworn textbook narcissism was in Tony's file, but this was a complete disconnect.  "Do you ask Pepper or Colonel Rhodes that question?" Steve asked.
His left arm was forced down by the tentacle holding it, and a second tentacle wrapped around his torso, pinning his arm to his side. Another tentacle positioned his right arm until he was aiming directly at the crystal.
"You're all so petty," Thor said, starting the others arguing.
There were a few curses that sent Steve's stomach into twists.
"This temple's not made for dragons," Tony said, wondering who
Steve opened his mouth to ask why Tony would start a fight, but Ms. Potts steamrolled over him with a grace that spoke of much experience in cutting other people off.  "Second, don't hand him things.  That's a personal quirk and he only accepts things from people he knows very well. Don't take it too hard.  Third, you will have to swallow your pride to get through to him.  Once you do, I can't tell you what will happen.  Fourth, do not under any circumstances talk to or call the paparazzi about anything he does or tells you."
How strange life was.  Tony had had many adventures in his life, but none of them ever quite prepared him for having a picnic with two dragons under the crust of the earth.
"You're as bad as Natasha," Steve said, shaking his head. "I don't need a date."
"Don't, Steve.  Don't even try.  I won't leave you."
Tony had worked with metal all his life and never felt afraid of it.  Right now though, he was starting to understand Steve's distrust of it.
"You enjoy flying?" she asked.
"They were recording your dreams to find the schematics," Steve said.
"Don't need your excuses, Shellhead." Bitterness wrapped around Steve as he moved around the bag until he didn't have to look at Iron Man as he started up again.
Electricity shot out from the edge of the bubble.  Steve cried out in pain, unable to move as green electricity raced up his body.  Pain roared through his extremities to his core, but he couldn't move to hunch over and protect himself.  It burned through him, like fire on his nerves.  Was this it?
"Shh, princess.  We know.  We don't blame you for what happened," Tony said.
Tony would be alone in the shelter.  He wouldn't have to worry about dragons hearing his thoughts.  It was better than having a warm body to lean up against, wasn't it?
"I can't tell you," Tony repeated.
Steve quirked his wing in agreement and Tony was surprised to find his words taken at face value.  Then again, if Steve had seen into his mind while he'd been thinking of Hydra the first time, he might have seen some of what they were capable of.
"Are safe," Tony said.  "Probably safer than if...  That was part of the deal.  I figured Fury would send someone to spy on Doom, just not...  He promised not to hurt whoever came.  Just detain them until this is all over."
Tony's eyes were blank for a moment before they returned to their normal brown.  Steve shivered, wondering if that happened when he was looking at data too.  "Looks like he's having a bad reaction to whatever drug they gave him," Tony said calmly.  There was a barely perceptible tightness about his shoulders that gave away the fact he was upset too, and Steve longed to pull him into a hug.  Steve fought down the urge and set Kestrel down on the bed, brushing some of the hair out of her face.
"You okay, sir?" Rhodey asked, still hidden behind the helmet.
"We didn't know when you'd be up and you whine too much when the food's gone cold," she said, crossing her arms over her ample chest.  "And Fury said you're to take off at least two weeks to get your head on straight.  That stunt you pulled was too risky and he doesn't want to lose the rest of his assets."
"Uh-huh.  Keep telling yourself that, Rogers," Fury said, standing and shoving his hands in his pockets before ambling off.  "Two weeks."
"You know that for sure?" Steve pivoted and advanced on Iron Man, placing a finger on the arc reactor.  "He's a super villain and you're trusting him?  You're trusting him a hell of a lot more than us, if that's the case.  What do you know, Shellhead?"
Wanda helped him to the entrance, flying him back as he tried to process the visions and the bond as well.  He didn't know what to think of the implications of it.  He could still feel Steve in the back of his mind, though it seemed like the dragon's attention was elsewhere - somewhere cold and dark, and Tony shivered at the thought.  He almost reached out to Steve like he had before, but his head was worse than a pounding drum.  It was also an invasion of privacy if Steve wanted to be alone, even if he knew Steve wouldn't mind it.
* * *
"I'll take my chances," Steve replied, still smiling.  "Cake?  I brought two pieces, one for you and one for 'Iron Man', but I can always eat the other."
Tony frowned.  "So what are you saying?"
"I suspected," Fury reminded him.  "I told you, it doesn't do SHIELD any good to know this, and it could do a lot of harm if they did with the internal politics."
He was cut off by the look on Steve's face.  He was smiling softly, fondness in his eyes as he intertwined their fingers.  It was like something Tony had done amused him terribly, but Tony couldn't have said what it was.  "You're more handsome now that I have human memories.  Didn't want to tell you, but I thought you looked a bit funny when I was a dragon."
* * *
Steve pressed his lips into a firm line as he got his temper under control.  Hindsight, his mind supplied.  It didn't mean Rhodey or the others could have seen it before and done something.  Getting angry at them now when they'd all been betrayed by someone they trusted wouldn't help.  Neither would being angry at a dead man who sounded like he was emotionally abusive at the very
Tony sat down on the dais after Peggy led him there.  The stone was warm, but thankfully not scorching, and he took off his boot and rolled up his pants with a wince. His leg was swollen from all the walking he'd been doing, and it was a relief to not be on it.  He held it up for Sharon to see.
"You don't have to," Peggy said.  "Just be there.  He's helping you as well."
"So did the other one," the blue dragon said, a light growl beneath his words.
Mentally he prepared what he wanted to say as he waited in the elevator.  He needed a few reference shots of Dummy for a drawing.  Politely inquire what Tony was working on.  And if it seemed suspicious or if it had to do with these particles and the robots, he would ignore the queasy feeling in his gut and take a few pictures that maybe Jane or Bruce could make sense of.  This would work.
Natasha regarded him, probably weighing the pros and cons of letting him figure it out himself versus telling him.  She decided on the latter, and Steve was quietly relieved.
to use the shield was hard to wrap his head around.
"What does that even mean?" Susan asked, biting her lip.  "If I mess this up, you should take over."
The reminder of Tony's words was poking at the still fresh wounds, and Steve's grip around Tony automatically tightened.  He forced himself to be gentler, because he couldn't hurt Tony, not like that.  He stubbornly grasped at the anger though, until he forced himself to let go of it.  Steve needed to redirect that stubbornness into making this
"I suppose privacy would take on different meanings for a telepathic society," Tony said, more to himself than to Steve.  "Because there are people who would hurt us if we didn't keep them."
"You need to eat more,"  Pepper said as he looked through the data collected.
Tony resisted calling Steve out on his rather obvious lie.  The flight to Seattle hadn't been this bad.  Steve had been relaxed on the way up.  The mission had gone well too, with Tony keeping the media attention on his 'business trip' and allowing Steve a necessary diversion to find the stolen weapon blueprints a hacker had been trying to sell on the black market.  Easy as pie.  Steve hadn't looked worked up until their early morning flight home.
"I don't understand," Peggy said.  "You're not allowed to tell secrets if they are not yours?"
"Dr. Foster?" Steve asked, feeling a bit more on solid ground.
"Then I think I may have a solution," Thor said.  "I brought some Asgardian mead with me on my last trip home, if you care to test your mettle against it."
"I can do it, I think." Crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring phoenix in the sky.  Flexible as branches swaying in the wind, but sturdy as the roots buried deep in the ground.  "-said first aid was important, so I've been practicing," Sharon said, looking at Tony.  Her head bobbed slightly as she took him in from head to toe.
Steve sent a brief prayer for that agent's soul to rest well, regardless of their mistakes.  "And Stark?"
If he were going
"It's not that bad!" Steve said.
"Breathe," Steve reminded her.
"Can you tell me where Mr. Stark is?"
He closed his eyes, leaning forward until his forehead touched Rhodey's shoulder.  Rhodey was surprised at first, then he brought his arms around Tony for a proper hug.  It wasn't the same as having a dragon curled around him, but it was nice.  Warm.  "Come on," Rhodey said, keeping an arm around him as he herded Tony below deck.  "Let's go down to your cabin and you can tell me."
Steve flushed, but plowed on.  "I'm pretty sure I've got a decent handle on that now."
Pepper would scoff at first.  She had pointed out how completely ridiculous most of the accounts of his adventures were before.  But seeing the dragons would really amaze her.  He expected at least a minute of words most ladies would never speak, then thousands of others for her new book.  Rhodey would love the fauna down here and discovering their properties.  He'd probably take a liking to Sharon who was always so eager to learn.  Jarvis would love studying some of the draconian aqueducts because they were nothing like the old Roman ones.  And Steve...  He could feel Steve at the other end of the bond.  It was just a little terrifying.
"Aren't you?" Tony asked, pushing off the machine and climbing down as Steve set the cookies aside.  "You had no problems laying into Iron Man and I know the reasons for everything he does.  Blaming and judging is what America's
Tony woke up screaming.  Or he would have, if his throat didn't feel like it was on fire.  He managed a small sound that came out more like a whimper in the darkness, jerking awake.  He expected to be pinned, but he could move.  Except there were still things tugging on his hand and something over his head and now someone
"Welcome back," Steve said, smiling in spite of himself.  JARVIS was the reason he could keep tabs on a team that wasn't always the best at checking in.  It was hard to imagine going back to a time without him.
He blinked, trying to clear his eyes from the tears that the pain caused.  He just managed when a hand gripped his hair, pulling him up.  "You..." he said.
Steve launched himself into the tree, using the same sort of jump that dragons used to get airborne.  But his wings were tightly folded against his back instead of spread and his claws were out, gripping the side of the tree.  Tony held back a laugh as Steve scaled the tree, sometimes resting on a thicker branch for a moment before pressing onward.
The moss had nearly faded entirely by the time Tony made it back to the clearing with the gate.  He was hot and tired, ready for one of those dragon baths even if he had to share with curious dragons who telepathically broadcast everything to the other dragons.  He wasn't expecting to practically slam into a wall of worry as he stumbled out of the jungle though.
"There.  Nothing better for heartbreak than ice cream."
"What do you-"
Jarvis snorted, the awkwardness leaving now that he'd said his piece.  "You've never been subtle, Tony."
The bed smelled of alcohol and oil with a hint of that peppermint candy Tony professed a fondness for whenever supplies came from out of town.  He rolled over, then tried to sit up.  "Where're you sleepin'?"
"Sneaky," Tony said, amused in spite of himself.
"That brace you're wearing," Cap continued.  "I recognize it.  It's more high-tech, but it's the same design as the one Tony made for Rhodey.  If you have time for self-pity, you could be doing the physical training Tony gave you.  Those will help you be more independent again."
Tony nodded.  "Do whatever you want to do with whoever you want to do it with," he said, thinking back to her words on his ill-fated birthday.  If he'd actually been listening, that birthday might have gone better for all involved.
"Stark, let us handle this," Steve pleaded, his voice closer and gentler.  "JARVIS says you've got something in your system.  Leave him to us, Shellhead."
He felt Wanda's laugh along with Steve's sulking and it eased some of the pounding in his head.  "He is known to do such things from time to time."
"Steve..."
Steve frowned.  He didn't often read news articles about the Avengers activities, as he had been there himself and read the team's reports enough that reading it again in the paper was overkill, but if that were the case he needed to pay more attention to them.
"I'll draw it out somehow," Tony said, looking around.  Drawing out a creature that big would probably destroy the temple, but Tony found he wasn't too displeased by the notion as he might normally be for destroying something that old.  Steve was right.  There was something foreboding about the place.  While he'd like to study how it was made and why, Tony couldn't help but wonder if destroying it wouldn't be the best course of action for everyone.  Somethings men didn't need to know.
," Tony stressed, turning away and muttering about wanting to get this over with, but not before Steve caught his quickening breath and slight flush.  "Let's just...   after.  J, Shut down the portal.  I'm sure the message got through by now."
"I was just trying to see how it worked," Steve replied, not looking up.
"Because she's a good girl?" Stark sneered.
(See the end of the chapter for
"If you weren't damn near dehydrated before the plane crashed, we wouldn't have to do this," Rhodey said, picking up an old argument between them.
Just as suddenly as the sparks started, they stopped.
"Rhodes is pissed, by the way," Clint said as Bruce gave Tony some juice.  Tony's hands still shook, but he managed not to spill any.
"So," Rhodey said, startling Steve out of his thoughts.  Steve looked up from the towel he'd been using to wipe off his post-run sweat and caught a protein bar before it hit him in the face.
Steve's tail carefully uncurled and his wing lifted up so that Tony could see a very worried-looking Peggy and Sam.
"Crashed," Steve said, and it took Tony a moment to realize Steve was being even more succinct than usual.  "Lost Herrera and Johnson on the way down.  Snow's too bad to see.  Found a cave, got you out of the storm."
"You haven't been charging your phone," Steve said by way of greeting.
cook, of course, and did occasionally when it was just him around the Tower.  But given the amount of ingredients laid out on the table, Tony looked to be making enough food for ten people.  That meant something was wrong.
When the nurses finally left, Tony was sitting up, his back braced against pillows.  His leg wasn't broken, but the gash down the side of it would take a while to heal and could leave a scar.  He'd been lucky it stopped bleeding, or he could have died from blood loss.  The worst of his concussion was already passed, and he had a few broken and cracked ribs.  His throat was still a little painful, but he assumed he only had himself to blame for that and that the dust he'd been breathing in wouldn't have any lasting consequences.  The IV was because he'd been a bit dehydrated before the battle, and the anxiety of being trapped under a building had apparently done him no favors in that regard, but even that would be taken out soon.  In short, everything was hunky-dory.  A-okay.  Perfectly-perfect with a bit of rest and pain-killers.
hope, Tony."
"Then that's okay as long as...  Wait, Jan, you can't be a super-villain!" Steve said, ignoring Jan's pout.
.  Tony needed to keep Steve safe.  He didn't know why it was so important suddenly, but it was.  "I'll make it better," Tony promised.  "You won't even miss the old one."
His arms wrapped around her tightly as fear took over.  He couldn't... What if this
"Wouldn't have pegged Stark for being able to hide from your interrogation talents," Clint said, leaning against the bar stool but not sitting on it.
Steve was interrupted by a loud rumbling noise.  It took him a moment to realize it was his stomach.  He flushed as Tony narrowed his eyes at him.
The pain started up again as the glowing light nearly blinded him.  "Steve..."
"I didn't think you'd do it with your bare hands!  Fuck."  There was panic in Tony's eyes, but he pulled Steve into the workshop and carefully started to unwrap the fabric to get a better look at the cuts.
"Let me get the suit then," Tony replied, pulling away.
Steve looked around, seeing it was only them in the workshop.  "Could I see you?" he asked.
* * *
"Steve," Tony said, his voice lacking any of the anger or bitterness from earlier.  "That's natural.  You're grieving."
Steve raised an eyebrow.  That was different, though now that he could see the chicken broth half hidden on the other side of Tony, it made more sense.  "Anyone sick?" Steve asked, mentally tallying who he had run into today.  Bruce and Thor didn't get sick.  Pepper had seemed fine when she called to ask Steve to attend a Maria Stark Foundation charity event.  Maria Hill looked angry when he'd passed her in the hall, not sick.  Clint was still undercover, and Natasha-
Steve soaked that in, taking her words at face value and resisting the urge to deny it.  They felt true, even if he hadn't wanted to see it.
"You should go slowly with the mind link," Wanda said.  "It doesn't appear human minds can adapt to it quickly."
Tony took the sandwich, but he didn't eat it.  He stared down at it as Steve's stomach reminded him again that it had been put off long enough.  Very loudly.  He grabbed one of his own and started to dig in.  His mother had taught him to be more polite than inhaling his food, but he only slowed down enough to be barely socially acceptable among people.
"You were dead," Tony said, shaking his head.  He could still remember holding Steve's head in his arms after he'd gone, lost in the darkness of the cold cave.  The arms around him gave him a dissonance that confused him.  They were both too familiar and not familiar at all, reminding him of what he'd lost, but what he might be gaining.  "And you're no longer a dragon?  How...?"
"I don't think you hurt it too badly," Tony placated her.  He moved away from the water, but kept a wary eye on its depths.  "Looked like a graze.  The metal probably made it hurt like hell if it's anything like the dragons, but it should survive."
"I wouldn't want you to think I'm going easy on you," Steve said, grinning back at him.  "What's your favorite color?"
Tony was in his usual spot, a small distance away from the bed, staring at Rhodes like he was memorizing every detail.  Whenever there was someone in the room, Tony would chat, moving constantly with his hands or tapping his feet.  But when Steve caught him alone like this, he was still and silent, a detail that unnerved Steve the more he got to know Tony.  It didn't feel right, seeing Tony so still.  It was strange too, that he always kept a distance from the bed.  Rhodes wasn't sick, so it wasn't because he was contagious.  But Tony always at as far back as he could.  It was like he was holding himself back for some reason, or hiding.
"Okay.  Thor is going to head back and - Thor!"
"So he built an unusable portal that will kill him?  Why would he do that?" Steve asked.
make it.  It was old - really old.  Just the sort of place Hydra would take over and repurpose , but never build for themselves. Old, magical, and with biddable monsters within.
Moving to lean against the counter that Tony was facing, Steve could see a whole row of neatly diced vegetables.  He was almost tempted to measure them all to see how close Tony got the dimensions of each one.  Steve wondered how he settled on the perfect size, or if he had just gotten carried away.
Then he was let go.  Tony stumbled forward, only having a few seconds to try and twist his body for the impact.  The air rushed out of him as he hit the freezing ground, his foot twisting painfully under him before he could roll.  His other shoulder wrenched as he did, but didn't break, and the crystals dug into his skin as stopped.
"That is
"It's Tony's fault," Pepper replied.  "Rhodey wasn't recovered enough and still needed protection, and Happy couldn't take on the robots by himself.  And
Steve panicked.  Stark he could afford to make a bad impression with.  He had to stay in Ms. Potts's good graces for this to work.  He tried to put the stick back on to no avail.
enough to carry."
There was an image of the city in Tony's mind's eye that came along with a sense of home that Tony had never felt before, at least not in regards to a place.  The warm hearth that beckoned him despite how Tony knew it would be too hot for him.  A place by Steve.  Home.
Tony nodded, slipping past the gate to where he had stored his armor as he used the moss lamp the dragons gave him to see.  It was closer to where he'd been working to get free.  Not so near that it could be crushed should something happen while he was away, but close enough he didn't have to go very far once he put the suit on, and after the last time he'd just taken to getting out of it before he went to lunch, contortions be damned.
Kes hesitated, looking around.  It was only her and Tony in the room she shared with Susan, and the door locked when Tony noticed her looking.  "What's up, princess?  Don't keep me hanging."
Cap's eyes darkened before he closed them, and Leon regretted asking.  "No, I didn't save everyone.  Sometimes, I think, if anyone
It'd been a long time since he'd had to kill a man.
," Steve said, taking a step away from him.  For a moment, Tony felt betrayed.  Then he looked at Steve, really
Steve's tail came up hesitantly, lightly resting against Tony's hips.  Tony petted it, which was apparently all the permission Steve needed for a tighter grip.
angry at him for it.
Tony sighed, loosening his tie as he looked down at his tablet.  The math wasn't right.  No matter what he did, the numbers didn't add up.  The repulsors were never going to function at this rate.
Steve nodded, not trusting himself to speak.  He hated this.  Things were supposed to be better in this century.  The War was supposed to have ended, taking its hard choices and compromises with it.  Not like this.  And it was his fault to begin with, having suggested Doom.  He should have kept an eye on the deal or sent one of the others with Iron Man to make sure it was alright.
Steve couldn't quite believe what he was hearing.  "I don't usually take commissions, but isn't that price a little low?"
"No armor?" Steve asked.
"Y-yeah," Susan said, wondering if she was missing something.  But then, Kes took her hand and placed the Iron Man helmet in it.  "The best," Susan promised, her hand tightening around the helmet.  She wasn't going to let Kes be hurt again, not if she was going to be Iron Woman from now on.
"I'm here," Kestrel said, Susan helping her move closer.
It would have been an easy out to say Bucky was the cause of his inattention, and Steve had considered the strategic value of a retreat.  But he also knew that the old adage rang true: Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  He was curious about how Tony would react.
"It's complicated," Steve repeated, wincing at how sulky his words sounded.  He wasn't being very convincing.
"It's good enough," Tony reassured him.  "Just stay.  I still have to show you the stars, remember?  Real stars.  Not just the ones in my memories.  We can even go dancing when they're out one night.  You can't miss it."
"But that wasn't what brought you up here, was it?" Tony asked.
"And I'll come up with a strategy to fight it," Steve said.  He raised his wing slightly so Tony couldn't see the city.  It didn't work to put the discomfort out of his mind, but Tony appreciated the effort.  "Now rest.  We'll visit the temple in the morning."
and the need to have this for the rest of his life.
Fury snorted.  "Doubt a kiss would wake up the princess this time," he muttered, and Steve felt his ears burn at the implication, even though he'd been thinking the same thing earlier.  Then Fury sighed.  "I'll see if we can't track down Reed Richards to add him to our think tank.  Take it easy, Cap.  We'll figure this out.  Until then, the world still needs you."
Steve didn't sit down, just pressed the nearest buttons he could, smashing everything he could get his hands on.  Pain erupted in his spine as he was thrown back yet again, and he was really starting to resent that.
Steve froze.  Tony couldn't have guessed what he was down here for!  He hadn't spoken any of his plans aloud either, so JARVIS couldn't have reported it.  Steve flushed, wondering where he had gone wrong.  "I wasn't-"
"And you stop people from following," Steve said, smiling warmly at her.
"I thought you weren't taking commissions?" Fury groused, but with a sleight of the hand, the fiver became a fifty.  "This meet your standards?"
Steve launched himself into the sky after Tony, wings spread to catch the up draft.  Tony started to follow him, surprised when Steve banked and spiraled around Tony in a lazy pace.  He glided down as Tony flew up, and Tony, for his part, did a small spin as he evened out.  Steve moved below him, and so as not to be outdone, Tony turned so that he could spiral around Steve next.
He hissed as the shield shifted against his ribs.  He had at least one fracture and his right leg was probably sprained, but Steve ignored it.  He needed to check in and start...
Cobra bowed to her and disappeared the same way he came.  Tony turned back to Steve, ignoring her to see how much blood Steve had lost.  Too much.  Red was staining through his shirt and the blue scales underneath.
The shot bounced off the chair's shields, which surprised Steve.  Iron Man was tapping furiously at the pad on the chair, but otherwise seemed to be in control.
"Let him go, Steve.  It sounds like he wants to take care of a few things himself."
He rounded on the one source he had.  "JARVIS, what the hell is going on?"
"Steve," Tony said.  "About the bond, I..."
"They can be a bit 'breathe fire first, ask questions later,' I'll admit," Tony said, though after the past few cases, he honestly didn't blame them.  "But if I vouch for you, they'll probably go easy on you."
* * *
"The Avengers phones are made personally by Mr. Stark," JARVIS replied.  "There are a very limited number of individuals who could potentially break the security, some of which are considered friendly to the Avengers and would be unlikely to do so."
When Steve and Sam were finished, they started snuggling against each other to the point where Tony wondered how he'd ever thought that they were actually fighting.  It made something unpleasant churn in his gut that he tried to ignore.
," Steve said, every ounce the commander.  "Don't you dare, Avenger.  We can-"
"He's fine.  Sam and Thor are with him," Rhodey replied.  "His frost bite is worse than yours, and walking on that leg set back his recovery, but he'll probably heal faster.  As to what happened, Hydra was trying to hack JARVIS.  It was a coincidence that you hit thundersnow when you did, but having JARVIS out of the picture probably didn't help the plane's instruments."
"And don't try to make a weapon out of it," Tony said, not looking up from Leon.  "Don't think I don't know what you're doing there.  Just scan."
Tony agreed.  He was just about to take off when the ground shook harder than before.  Tony was no stranger to earthquakes, but this was by far the worst he'd been through and he shook in the armor.  He fell, automatically grabbing the edge as more rocks began to fall, crushing the rocks on either side.
He just finished cauterizing their fifth head when he was knocked out of the sky.  He cried out as he hit the ground hard and for a moment Tony wondered if he'd broken his back, the pain was so bad.  It was a relief to realize he could still move.  He was no where near fast enough to move away, unfortunately.
"I took care of it," Tony said with a shrug.  "It wasn't even that dangerous, aside from the naga."
"Steve, not even four weeks ago you didn't even know what humans looked like without their clothes," Tony said.
"This is-" Scarlet, magenta, fuchsia.  Both the sunrise and sunset.  Chaos of an oncoming storm, but the calm and quiet of the silent woods.  Dark and mysterious, deep magic. "-one of our strongest magicians.  You may call her Wanda," Peggy said.  "Wanda, this is the human who was at the south wall, Tony Stark."
"No, JARVIS is still offline in the Tower," the woman said, looking at her phone.  "He's the one who called us and said there was trouble.  But I think he's connecting through my phone - he said it should only be a matter of time before he's back."
It still stung, that Steve hadn't stayed around.  Tony didn't know what all this bonding situation was about, but leaving the others to explain to him and not being there... it hurt a lot more than Tony wanted to admit.
"Maybe check on him?" Bruce asked hesitantly.  "We're worried, and I'm kind of missing the guy I was getting to know.  He might talk to you."
"Sorry, Cap.  Secret identity and stuff," Iron Man replied.
Steve frowned, opening his mouth to ask why that was important when it hit him.  Iron Man would have to take the helmet off to eat!  "Oh," he said intelligently.
Tony lifted off, careful not to put in too much thrust as the ceilings were very low here.  He kept well back from the woman as he landed, saving her from as much of the exhaust fumes as possible.  "Are you alright?"
"Yeah," Susan said, resolving to help the twins however she could.
Natasha snorted.  "No shit, Sherlock," she said.  He smiled weakly, and she did a double-take.  "Wait, that was a serious question?  That's a little far in denial even for you, Steve."
"I begin to understand why you are so guarded, Tony Stark," Peggy said.  "Come.  Let us go to the healers."
They fell into quiet after that as Susan waited for the hover train to come.  She liked having a quiet moment before missions started, getting there early if she could, since it gave her a chance to calm down when she got too wound up.  It was a good four hours before the train was supposed to come, but Cap didn't want to take any chances that they might slip out too early. She didn't mind waiting, even if that was more time for her to contemplate her failures.
being your friend, not me," Tony said, gesturing to Iron Man armors.  "I'm not Iron Man."
She held up what looked like a Handy Talkie, a device completely out of place with the rest of her priestess outfit.  It looked smaller than the United Nations' devices, and he narrowed his eyes at it.  He didn't like it when the enemy had better tech than him.
"What?"
"The Hulk won't hurt them," Steve said firmly, marveling at how far Bruce had come.  For him to suggest staying near Dr. Ross at all rather than sending someone else spoke volumes.  The rest though... with Clint and Natasha gone, they were getting shorter on Avengers than Steve liked.
"You should be paying attention to your surroundings," Tony gritted out, firing a repulsor blast at the flying creature.  It was a light blue with a disfigured human form, long wings, and a tail.  Its form was lithe and agile, proving its skill by folding its wings to dodge the blast.  When another blast proved too slow, he tried the guns on his shoulders.
"I don't see it," Susan said, looking around frantically.
Steve knew it wouldn't be Tony who forced Iron Man to choose.  There were circumstances outside of anyone's control that would change things.  Steve only hoped their friendship would remain intact after it.  He moved closer to Iron Man, placing his hands on the warm metal shoulders.  "It's okay," Steve said.  For now.
"You still don't know," Tony said hysterically.  "There's still a chance to..."
, though that was a better outlet.
"Easy," Clint said again, worry in his voice.  Clint stood, carefully sliding Bruce's glasses off and setting them on the table.   "It's just the detox.  The cocktail they gave you was pretty nasty."
"Chicken noodle soup," Tony said, dicing the onions and not meeting Steve's eyes.
"Iron Man hacked it anyway," Steve said.
Steve nodded dumbly, which was apparently witty enough for her as she pressed against him and held her phone out.  He at least remembered to smile.
"Over here," Steve said, setting aside the drawing for now.
Natasha tisked.  "For someone who lectures Steve about high metabolisms, you should maybe listen to them yourself once and a while."
The two dragons may have gotten a glimpse, because Tony found a hesitant tail being wrapped around him.  He looked up to see an angry Steve, but for once Steve's anger wasn't directed at him.  "How can humans do such things to one another?" he asked.
"He promised you not to do that anymore," Rhodey said, looking torn between Kestrel, Leon, and Steve.  She had been privy to that very loud fight.
Tony only had a moment when something caught his eye coming from the sky.  Instinct took over, and he rolled to the ground even before he figured out the danger.  Something that wasn't quite metal clanged against the stone hed just been standing on.  Ignoring the pain in his ankle, Tony forced himself to run without babying it.  He drew one of his guns, pivoting as he fired.
"It's good to see you dancing again, man," Sam said.  "But I think you and Peggy should show Tony how it's really done.  You up for another song, Sharon?"
She held the bowl against her, refusing to give the ice cream up.  Tony held up his hands in surrender, and just for that she turned the polka dots into flowers.
"Shellhead," Steve replied helplessly.  There was nothing he could do.  He couldn't let Hydra win the second Great War.  He didn't know how much of a personal effect he had on the outcome of the war, but Shmidt would have at least bombed New York and the other cities if Steve hadn't stopped him.  He couldn't waste those thousands of lives to save his best friend.
"I'm always quiet, sir," Leon replied, which was true enough.  Kes was the chatterbox.  He was generally happy not saying anything so long as he didn't have anything to say.
Tony sighed, putting his hands into his pockets.  "It's not one of humanity's better emotions, I'll grant you," he said, staring into the fire.  "It makes me miss my best friend."
"Whatever happens, we cannot allow it to get to the top world," Steve continued.  "We can't let it go to the east or to the north.  We draw the line here.  What I'm asking may come at a high price, but it's a price I'm willing to pay to keep the others safe.  I know you all said you were willing to do the same, but if you're having second thoughts, now is your last chance.  The others need protecting.  You can go after them."
"Right this way, Iron Man, sir," Steve heard an awe-struck voice say.  He whipped around to see the current model of the Iron Man suit walking in with a much more fluid, but still slightly jerky gait.
He shimmered into existence, opening his 'eyes' to see the whole crew together.  It was at C-base, which Tony had been stocking and repairing for just such an emergency, but it looked much better than the last time he'd seen it.  Steve stood apart from the kids, a bland smile on his face.
.  Steve wondered if even another seventy years of sleeping would cure that exhaustion.  He didn't think it would.
"Fair enough," Tony said.  "Though I'm currently unarmed.  How do I know
"He had an affair with her," Tony said, leaning against Steve as he looked up at the stars.  It was a good night and the big dipper was clear in the sky.  The perfect night to finally show Steve the stars.  It wasn't even too cold despite it being spring.
"I'm sorry," Steve said, his head low to the ground.  "I never meant to startle you."
"And the Iron Man armor that was on site?" Fury asked.
"Chibi-Iron Man? Really?" Tony said, his tone unimpressed, but there was a hint of a smile that he couldn't quite hide at the drawing of his alter ego holding up a victory sign.
"You promised," she said before she could stop herself.  "You said you'd be Captain America and save the world."
"Do you wish you hadn't connected?" Steve asked uncertainly.  He stilled underneath Tony, carefully not focusing on the hurt.
"She was gone before the suit could complete the scans, but probably," Tony said.
that made Tony ache just a little.  "-protection.  That is what these crests mean," Peggy said, nodding to the stone crests they each wore.
And there it was.  The disappointment.  Tony immediately felt small and useless, and he
," Steve said, his voice urgent.  "
"Part of the Serpent Society.  We were here to take her down, remember?" Jarvis said.  "God knows if we did or not, or if she slithered away.  We took out the base, but there were none of your monsters."
"Well, I did want them erased and it's done now," Steve said, his anger showing as he flung his hands out.  "You were
Ms. Potts hummed.  "I can guess what the conversation was about," she said, looking at him again with the same scrutiny as before.  Steve sat up a little straighter despite the hangover.  "I can work with guilt though.  I have a few ground rules before I let you near him."
"All the more reason to go now."  He walked forward, then drew a sharp breath as his head spun.  That was okay.  He could work with dizzy.  He'd done it in the past.
"Thank you," JARVIS said, a warmth in his voice Steve had only ever heard directed at Iron Man. At Tony.  "I must apologize for my inability to warn everyone about Dr. Doom's arrival."
He was caught.
Aside from the stone crests, Tony hadn't seen dragons wearing anything else, so he supposed it was a fair question.  "Clothes protect me from the elements.  Also, my dignity.  All humans wear them."
"Of course, ma'am.  I'll make sure we get back soon," Steve said.
"Alright," Steve said, telling his own body very firmly to calm down.  They'd been taking things rather slow, considering, and it wouldn't be all that bad to wait on that promise a while longer.
Tony closed his eyes, unable to look at them as Rhodey fired the thrusters.  It started to get colder, even with the motor warmed metal, but Tony didn't care.  He didn't open them again until the wind cut off and he knew he was inside the airship.
He got an armful of two teenage girls, and Leon joined them after a nod from Steve, but he wouldn't have it any other way.
That didn't seem to change.  Tony smiled, imagining that Sharon at any age would be a handful, all seriousness and stubborn resolve.
Tony swallowed, tracing the lines of the star on the shield.  "He was a dragon."
Tony's shoulders hitched once, then he was hiding his face against Steve's neck.  He was babbling softly, largely unintelligibly, but Steve could pick out a few of the words that were repeated often enough.  "Sorry" was one of them, and it broke the hold on his anger and left an empty ache behind.  Tony's words stung because a large part of him wondered if they were true.  At least with the way Tony was clinging to him, Steve felt like there was one person who needed him in this time.
Tony let Viper down, not happy with the situation.  He looked around the green courtyard, the rust on the side of the walls worrying him.  Surely a temple like this couldn't be a safe place to live.
Steve stopped hanging in the doorway, moving towards the chair Pepper set aside for visits.  There were two of them, both red and very comfortable.  Steve had fallen asleep in the one further from Tony last night, and that was the one he moved towards now, not sure of his welcome with the man who had both turned him down and kissed him good-bye.
"Don't think...  oooh.  Don't think a blow job would..."  Tony let out a small whimper as Steve hit the right spot.  He was nothing but a computer code right now with a physical form.  How was he this tense?
"No more snakes for you," Rhodey said, smile turning softer.  "You need someone to vet your relationships, man."
"Tony, you promised-"
"No, don't," Steve said as Tony tried to move again.
Tony felt a brief brush against his mind, then the anger noticeably lessened, though Tony could still feel it when he concentrated.  "What did you-"
"History gets all sorts of things wrong," Tony said.  "It's written by the people in charge, so it's easy enough to ignore some of the less palatable parts."
He picked up a walking stick on the ground near one of the big canopy trees, trying to make out more of the city as he tested it.  What wonders could be in such a city?  Or indeed, if Hydra was interested in it, what weapons?  There were things flying over it that weren't quite birds.  Big things.  No, it couldn't be-
"It's alright."
Slowly, he felt Steve waken, the hurts of every inch of his massive body screaming in agony.  Tony bit his lip against the feeling, knowing it wasn't him.  He wished for anything that it
Tony felt his shoulders stiffen in response and he looked away, finishing the last of his breakfast.  "Course not," he said casually.  "I run a million dollar company and fly in a metal suit.  Plus I fight for the good guys.  The good guys always win.  Complete opposite of failing."
He carefully traced Tony's goatee up his cheek, the intimacy of their position making his stomach drop.  In trouble he might be, but ready for something like this?  Steve remembered all too well the sting of Iron Man's rejection.  And if Iron Man were out of his league, Tony Stark was about as touchable as the stars in the sky.
"Nah, I'm good," Tony said, waving it off.  "We can skedaddle, or whatever old time-y phrase you'd use."
"Stop your processes, program, or I'll do more than break this boy's leg."
going to be in anyone else's clutches.  "That's not the kind of exposure we want."
"I'm sorry," Tony said again, curling up against the wall of the pit as best he could.  The crystals were hard and cold against his back, but he was shivering less.  "You should..."
"Thanks," Steve said, leaning his head against Thor's shoulder.  Thor was warmer than Steve ran, even with the serum, and he was solid.  He was also a kinder man than most people would assume.
"I did find it most strange that Agent Coulson was against bringing in Stark," Thor said.
"No one is becoming a super-villain," Steve said, making sure his voice carried as his hand went to Tony's shoulder.  While he had the greatest respect for T'Challa and his capabilities, he was also not saving Tony and Tony was
Kang shot at Iron Man again, the light absorbed by the shields.  But in the time it took to hit, Kang had moved fast, bringing down an ax made of light on the shield.  Iron Man was furiously tapping at the controls, but the shield flickered until he had to jump away, yelping as the ax came down.  Kang left the ax in the chair, grabbing Iron Man by the neck, lifting him off the ground with one hand and not even looking strained.
He missed home.
"He was," Bruce said.  "Up to three days ago when we started getting this message."
* * *
"Why?" Tony asked, taking a step back.
"Find anything?" he called out.
Steve closed his eyes, leaning back against the mirror.  "Just not the full scope of it," he said.
"What if I..." Susan started, looking down.  "What if I mess up again like last time?"
He wanted to say something, to deny it.  To shake his head and look Cap in the eye.  But he couldn't, not when he was a burden to everyone.  It wasn't just self-pity telling him that.  He was dragging everyone down, and he didn't know how to keep afloat.
"Of course!" Sharon said, starting to sing a new and brighter tune.
"You're changing the topic," Steve said, forcing himself not to yell at this infuriating man, but it was a near thing.  "Why are you doing this?  Why don't you stop and defend yourself instead of making it worse?"
, for pete's sake.  But then I looked back at some of his past flings and was like... nope.  He'd fall for her act completely.  Oh, my silly duck...
"Come on," Steve said, putting an arm around his shoulders.  "We can sit and I'll tell you about the others."
Steve stopped, his jaw dropping open. He swallowed, feeling a blush spread across his face. "People draw stuff like this about us?" he asked, his voice cracking.
"That wasn't your fault," Susan said more forcefully than she'd intended.  Kes merely looked away.
"Did you...?"
"It's good for the weary mind, or so my Grammy used to say," she replied.
"... I missed you," Kes said quietly as she put down the helmet, shocking Susan.  "I missed you so much and I broke my promise."
"Perhaps joining the rest of the team for dinner would help your mood?" Vision asked hesitantly.
"I've been holing up down here since then.  No one comes down here and I can sneak food in the morning before anyone comes in.  I haven't... Not since I've remembered.  I haven't seen them."
Several days later, Steve was
"Why don't you get some more rest," Pepper said, moving the tray away.  He hadn't eaten much, but she sensed he wasn't going to eat any more.
"You want to help me, Rogers?  Get the fuck out.  I don't need you and your savior complex.  You're nothing special outside of my dad's walking science experiment."
"I'd rather not," Steve said.  He understood the need for space, but the thought of leaving Tony down here like this chilled him.  "Can I touch you?"
