Dean grabbed everything he needed for the tea; a cup, the tea and a kettle, which he filled with water and put it on the stove. Then he moved to his right and he started to cut something that Castiel couldn’t see, given that Dean was showing his back to him, covering what he was cutting. When he turned around, Dean was handing him a plate with a slice of apple pie and a fork.
Castiel gets his mouth on Dean’s nipple, kissing it and driving Dean crazy. He increases the speed a little bit more, sliding up and down Cas’ cock with enthusiasm, clenching so tight that Castiel moans into Dean’s skin and grips him tighter, not wanting this to stop. Dean keeps his maddening movements, moaning really loud when Castiel’s cock hits his prostate, running his fingers restlessly on Castiel’s hair.
“You’re looking at the place where the Mark used to be.”
Castiel greets too. His voice sounds sweeter than usually.
Dean turns his face briefly to take one last look at Sam and Eileen. They are both holding hands and they look distressed. Dean can’t blame them.
“We will let you know if the spells have worked or not,” Castiel says. “Have a safe journey back.”
Charlie calls them when her girlfriend Stevie disappears. Then they find out that more people are disappearing too when Bobby calls Sam. They quickly realize that Billie is killing the people she wanted kill after Jack exploded. Then, Sam realizes that Eileen is probably going to be next, and he, Dean, Cas and Jack drive to her place.
And it hurts, it hurts so much that even though Dean feels dead inside, he feels like he is dying again.
Dean starts the car and the two of them take one last look to the cabin before they set their eyes on the road.
“Yeah. I mean, I would think that getting killed is something,” Sam sasses.
Castiel looks at the backseat, where Sam is sleeping and then he looks at Dean. “Do you want to talk?” Castiel asks.
“Cas, everyone loves making bacon, whether they like cooking or not.”
“I know, Cas, but at least it’s something.” He kissed him, happily. He knew that their chances were low, but if they had one possibility to change things, they had to seize it. “Hey, Sammy it’s a lawyer, and he knows the law perfectly, we could ask for his help.”
“Hey, Ash,” Dean greeted with a grin, walking closer towards his friend. “I’ve been busy. I have too many paintings to paint.” He looked around, seeing that there was even more junk than the previous time. “You haven’t exploded anything.”
“You were the one who left!” he snaps really angry. “And without any explanation at all! You could have at least told me! But instead you just left me that fucking letter! You didn’t even have the guts to say it to my face!”
“Rowena,” Dean says, interrupting her. “I need you to find Cas.”
“Perhaps I should walk you to your room,” Cas comments, worriedly.
“I missed you too, Cas.” His arms immediately wrap Castiel and he feels safer than ever as that heartwarming sensation keeps spreading through his being. Dean presses a kiss on his hair. “Fuck, I thought I was never going to see you again.”
“No,” Castiel answers. “The counter spells are easy to make. The difficulty lies in obtaining some of the ingredients. I believe the witch thought nobody would be able to gather any of the rarest ingredients. What worries me is what may happen when we destroy the relics.”
Castiel walks towards the cupboard and gets himself a glass. Before he sits in front of Dean, Dean grabs the empty glass and pours him a generous quantity of whiskey. Castiel immediately takes a sip. Dean watches him drink, admiring how his apple bobbles as he drinks.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas manages to say before taking a sip of his coffee.
“Maybe they did something bad and their families don’t know and that’s why the ghost killed them,” Castiel suggests. He gets his elbow where door and window meet and he leans his temple onto his hand. “We have to wait until Sam is done with the second victim’s family. Are we going to pick him up?”
“Yeah,” he answers as he looks down, avoiding Dean’s stare.
Thanks to
His grip around Dean becomes tighter and he begins to jerk off Dean, who groans and moans. He closes his eyes and rests his forehead onto Castiel as he thrusts into Castiel’s fist. Cas keeps moving his hand on Dean’s cock with quick movements, changing the angle a little, knowing exactly how Dean likes it.
Dean grunts at the loss of Cas in him, hating the emptiness and the coldness that comes with it, but Cas kisses him tenderly. “You’re an idiot, you knew that?”
However, he hates how enthusiastic they are about he and Cas being a couple now. He likes that the two of them are supportive and that they are happy for them, but they are one step from buying matching t-shirts that proclaim how much they love that Dean and Cas are together.
Castiel blushes, but smiles, handing Dean the bottle. He opens it easy and throws the cap onto the table where his toolbox is. He takes a long sip, realizing for the first time that his mouth has been feeling dry for a while.
After calling Jody to help them to get the bark of a yew tree, because after some research they found out that there is one in Sioux Falls, Sam and Eileen go to bed, leaving Dean in the kitchen, drinking a bottle of beer. He hears Sam’s door closing, and Dean waits for two minutes before he goes to the garage to get in the Impala and drive to nowhere.
He hates that feeling, and for some reason, when Sam and Cas ask him about why he didn’t fight Amara, Dean lies, because Amara has a strange control over him that scares him, because it makes him feel vulnerable and useless. He needs to learn more. Besides, after how much he worried both Sam and Cas while he had the Mark of Cain, he wants them to have a break. They had to deal with Dean’s shit for too long; he doesn’t want them to worry again.
The fallen angel is confused by Dean’s behavior. This is not how Dean has been lately. Dean doesn’t stay in bed looking at Cas like that, talking with sadness. This is really confusing.
“Are you really fine?” Cas asks, looking at him, worriedly and gently. In the way that makes Dean feel seen and safe.
“No,” she said, in denial. “That can’t be possible.”
At least he doesn’t have a morning boner as he did yesterday.
“I’m afraid so,” Cas admits.
“We could also go to Hell and consult Rowena,” Dean suggests, looking at his best friend.
“Alright. We’ll deal with this fucking symbol later.”
“I don’t care! Those breaks are given to you because of filming, so technically, it is still of my concern to know what you are doing.” Her eyes are cold and hard on him; they have always been. “It would be wise if you stopped seeing that man. I don’t want to have to deal with him once we leave Vancouver.”
“Yeah, uh...” Sam tries to say.
There was a moment when neither of them knew when one kiss finished and another started, and they didn’t care either. They kept each other close as they kissed, touching each other, tracing each other’s bodies, feeling their shapes.
Dean grinned and kissed him again.
Dean looks away, feeling how his whole face blushes. He knew that Sam suspected something, but he wasn’t expecting for Sam to really know. Apparently everyone knows. Is he that obvious?
Cas lets out a surprised gasp and Dean dedicates him a smirk. “I think I would really enjoy that.”
“The rest is for you,” Castiel says as he guides Dean’s hand towards his mouth.
“Dean,” Cas says, relieved.
Maggie rolls her eyes at Charlie but she smiles at Dean. “During the whole ride, she kept telling me how amazing your food is.”
He can’t wait to discover all the ways Cas can kiss him.
“You aren’t. I’m the broken one.”
They kiss and they moan. They rock and they thrust. Dean can feel that Cas is about to come. Usually, they last longer, but it seems that doing all those things to Dean before they started to fuck aroused Cas a lot. Still, Castiel lasts a few more thrusts, touching that sweet spot that makes Dean to feel stars crashing under his eyes.
Carefully, he climbed down, looking around for anyone who could see him, but fortunately, he was alone. He made it to the ground perfectly and walked towards a stone sculpture of a lion, the closest to the fence. Again, he checked around before climbing the stone animal and reached the fence. It was hard to climb, but thanks to the lion, he was almost on the top of it, so he could easily go to the other side and jump, falling onto the grass, smiling pleased. There were some hedges on the other side of the fence, and Castiel made a mental note of using them to climb the fence for when he came back.
“You used to have her photo on display,” Castiel says, his eyes still focused on the photo.
When Cas opens his blue eyes, they are filled with terror and pain. His hands grip Dean’s biceps tightly, and Dean startles at the whole thing, but he places a hand on Cas’ left shoulder, keeping him in place, trying to reassure him.
Dean immediately blushes. “Thanks.” Then he looks to Cas. “Come with me.”
“And at best, I die trying to fix my own stupid mistake,” Cas keeps saying. “Or I don't . I'm brought back again. I see now. It's a punishment resurrection. It's worse every time.
Dean approaches Cas and grabs both sleeves of his trench coat.
When Dean wakes up, the first thing he does is to look at Cas, who is still sleeping and holding Dean like an octopus. Dean can’t blame him; his embrace on Cas is as tight as his husband’s. Dean had missed waking up next to Cas. He smiles and kisses his head. He doesn’t bother looking at what time it is. There is no rush today. He just wants to be in bed with Cas for as long as possible, so he closes his eyes and sighs, tightening his grip around Cas a little bit more.
He blinks perplexed at that thought. He loves Cas. He has known it for years, but he has never thought about the word ‘love’. It was a forbidden word, and here he is now, looking at Cas and thinking how much he loves him. Dean’s grin gets wider. He loves Cas. He loves him so damn much.
There’s a small silence in between them before Castiel speaks again. “
Sam’s enthusiasm quickly changes into worry. “Did something wrong happen in between you two again?”
“Long. But we got our luck back. So it was worth it.”
And right now, Dean can see his Cas and he can clearly see that Cas wants to avoid the topic. He isn’t as crazy as he pretends to.
Soon, they hear Billie’s steps behind them.
Dean blushes and smiles shyly. “Thanks for sticking by, then.” He taps Cas’ leg and lets his hand linger there longer than he should, but he still needs the reassurance that Cas is there and that he is okay.
Dean puts the call on speaker. The two of them keep hearing some muffled sounds and grunts. And then, suddenly, they manage to hear Sam’s voice, but it’s distant.
Knowing that he is going to die, Dean decides to visit his mother’s grave before going to face Amara.
“I’m looking for a book that I had on my bedside table but isn’t there anymore. It’s not in the library either,” Castiel explains. “Have you seen it?”
“And what’s that?” He caresses the back of Dean’s arm, softly, in his usual comforting way.
“Uh, yeah, sure.” Dean squeezes his eyes in confusion. He doesn’t know what Castiel has in mind. It could be anything. Gabriel offers different services. But the prostitutes must agree to do it. It is one of the rules; a client and a prostitute must discuss what the client has in mind and then, the prostitute will say if he agrees or not.
“I know.”
“It isn’t funny to joke about your well-being,” Castiel mutters. He exhales sharply and glares at his food. “I was scared of losing you.”
Dean barely listens to him. He starts to fold the trench coat in his hands. He looks at it sadly, feeling the pain in his heart. It isn’t the first time Dean has lost someone, but the pain feels different now. It is more intense and more painful than usual, and he doesn’t dare to think about the reason of why it is hurting so badly.
“Okay,” Castiel says smiling.
“You almost sound surprised,” he says, pretending to be insulted.
Castiel tries so hard not to blush right now, but it is a failed attempt. “You are going to be late.” He reminds him as he takes a sip of his coffee.
After washing the dishes, he brushes his teeth, combs his hair and grabs his leather coat waiting for him on its rack. He checks if he has the keys for his apartment, the bookstore and the Impala before he leaves his home.
Cas’ face immediately melts. “I missed you too, Dean.”
“Oh, yeah?” Dean asked, kissing his shoulder. “Because I’m finding it really attractive.”
“You just decided to rebel against what you were told and decided to leave your room,” Dean said, casually, but he was grinning.
“Because I’ve never been able to be this happy, Cas.” He sighs and closes his eyes. Cas has his hand on his shoulders, and his finger move onto his skin, caressing him, while his other hand combs his hair, lazily. “The little happiness I managed to have disappeared quickly. Now, I get to be with the man I love, to have a happy and normal life, and sometimes it feels like I’m dreaming.” He opens his eyes and looks at Cas. “Maybe I got kidnapped by a djinn.” He chuckles.
He crosses the street and gets into the tattoo studio, where a woman with green hair looks up from her book and gives Dean a half smile.
Castiel chuckles.
“You always do.” Dean stood up as well and kissed Cas’ cheek when he was next to him. “You are quite a mess sometimes.”
“What are you thinking?” Castiel asks curious. “That’s your thinking face.”
They both grin and keep kissing, holding each other as they do so. Dean loves mornings like this, when the two of them can kiss and touch and take all their time, without needing to do anything sexual. He loves kissing Cas, it’s one of his favorite things to do. Cas is an amazing kisser, and all their kisses feel awesome. If he could, he would spend the whole day just kissing Cas.
“He's definitely off,” Sam says after Cas has left to interrogate the demon in the kitchen. He explained that he had been hunting demons while he was away and told them what he had found so far, but as he talked to them, both Winchester brothers’ mistrust kept growing.
“Yes, I think we should,” Castiel agrees. “But we can wait if you aren’t feeling well. That’s why I haven’t said anything about it earlier.”
Dean chuckles and pulls up his pajamas. “After the rocks we slept on these past few days, any bed must feel awesome.”
Dean arches his eyebrow. “Look who’s talking. You wanted to divorce me because I was critical of your lazy ass.”
Again, Dean chuckles. “It’s fine for me, Cas. Besides, we both know you like me a little bit more than them.” He begins to walk, but he doesn’t miss the blush on his friend’s cheeks.
“Something’s always been going on between me and Cas,” Dean sasses. “You told me that yourself.”
“Okay.” He kisses Dean’s back and pulls away. “I’ll clean you and then, text Sam.” He says as he looks into the drawer for a wet wipe.
“Of course you will be welcomed, Cas! Don’t be silly! Besides, everyone knows about you. Dean talks about you with everyone.”
“You see yourself the same way our enemies see you,” Cas goes on. “You're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken. You're ‘daddy's blunt instrument’.”
Castiel huffs. “Of course you do.”
“That depends on how angry the ghost is,” Castiel intervenes. “And how old they are.”
“You are exaggerating.” He says with tears in his eyes. He is fighting really hard not to let them out.
“I have to agree with that.” He starts to caress Dean’s naked chest, drawing doodles on it. “But I’m still a bit mad because you made me fall onto the floor.” He makes an angry pout which is too adorable and Dean grins. “I’m serious, don’t give me that smile of yours.”
“There it is! Calling me an assbutt.” Dean can’t help smiling as big as he is doing now. “And you gotta show me that pretty smile you are trying too hard to hide.” He asks for. Castiel glares him a little and he presses his lips even more to hide his smile. “C’mon, Cas, you are willing to show me that pretty smile of yours.”
It takes Dean a moment to say, “Cas.”
Dean drags his chair closer so he can look at the screen of the laptop, getting closer to Castiel.
“Screw you, Dean.”
Castiel isn’t sure how or when Dean got the lube and a condom, but he presses it against one of Castiel hands and Castiel gets it, all of that without stopping kissing. He puts on the condom and applies the lube without taking away his lips from Dean’s. It feels as if they were kissing for all those years they didn’t. Castiel is sure that it is definitely that. Their kisses are desperate, needy, spirited and passionate. He hates all the years they wasted apart without kissing, without being pressed against each other, feeling nothing more than each other’s warmth and skins.
Castiel makes a thoughtful face. “No, we haven’t. Why do you ask?”
“For breaking a closet?” Castiel asks confused.
Dean chuckles when Ellen hugs her, hugging her back. “Hey, Ellen.”
“Don’t you dare to compare Cas to any of those women,” he snaps angry and frustrated. He is surprised to find Sam smiling at that instead of giving him a snarky face. “Why are you smiling like that?”
“I’ll go for them,” he says before walking away really fast.
He says bossy. Dean rolls his eyes but he smiles. He likes bossy Cas.
Castiel chuckles bitterly and rolls his eyes. “You always say that whenever I do something that isn’t in your schedule.” He goes to the wardrobe and grabs his trench coat. It is really old and it is starting to fade, but he loves it too much. It is comfortable and warm.
Dean hangs up and he looks at his phone, trying to process what has happened. Sam is already walking towards him, really worried. “Is he all right?”
“Do you even have a list?” Dean asks, standing up. He looks at Cas, trying to read his poker face. “I’m not sure if you’re being serious or you’re just messing me.”
Cas glares him. “If I wanted a driver I would have directly expressed it.”
“Yeah, they’re fucking awesome,” Dean agrees.
He pulls the dildo away, placing it back on the bedside table. He feels boneless and sated. And he doesn’t feels as on edge and as tense as he felt before.
Dean simply looks at him for a while. He lifts his hand to brush a few strands of hair from Cas’ temple. Then, he caresses Cas’ temple with the back of his hand, and Cas smiles gently at him as his fingers reach Cas’ lips. The former angel kisses them once, and Dean smiles brightly. These types of touches are becoming easier and more natural for them. They are no longer afraid of displaying their love for each other anymore.
"He certainly did. You must have been a VERY good girl this year Darla." Castiel said with a smile of his own. This was something about Christmas that he missed every year,  not having a family of his own. He remembered the joy of Christmas morning from when he was growing up, the joy and wonder at what Santa had brought, the twinkling of the lights against the shiny wrapping paper under the tree. This was his favorite part, the calm that came before the rising of the sun, that moment right before light burst across the sky.
He turned his head, biting into the thick flesh of Dean's thigh, making him flinch and grind down harder onto his face. Castiel got lost in the smell and taste of Dean as he licked every inch he could reach, sucking his balls into his mouth and rolling his tongue over them, his hand still stroking his cock. Dean moved a fraction of an inch higher and Castiel has full access to his hole, licking and probing it until Dean was moaning his name above him.
The dream had started off as just two friends getting together and having a couple drinks with dinner, and had ended with Castiel pushed up against the kitchen counter with Dean's tongue down his throat and grinding his hard cock into his thigh. He had woken covered in sweat with a raging hard on that absolutely had to be taken care of immediately. the image of Dean standing before him, pulling his shirt off is what had taken him over the edge.
I am not sure you will remember me. It has been quite awhile since we last saw each other. I was that annoying little kid who kept bugging you for pie.
"If that's ok with you, I would love to go look at lights with you."
Castiel grabbed his coat and walked through the house. Darla was already down stair and let the dog out. Castiel joined her at the bottom of the stairs and waited for Dean. Darla let the dog back in and took him upstairs as Dean came down.
"Why? you got a hot..." She stops, looking at the expression on Castiel's face. "Castiel, you didnt!?"
"Show me" Cas breathes, his voice ragged.
"mmmmmm, Dean, I love the taste of you." Cas purred in between kissing and licking.
"you ok Cas?" Dean said "That wasn't to forward of me was it?" His hold on him started to loosen as he went to back away.
After that day Dean took every opportunity he found to run his fingers through Castiel's wings whenever he saw them. It started with light playful touches, simply trying to get a reaction out of the angel, something more than the flush that would line his ears. Dean would be lying if he said he himself wasn't enjoying this. Sure it was fun teasing Cas, trying to break that ever stoic look he always wore. But it became more than that very quickly, the electric tingles that emanated from Cas' feathers whenever he touched them was down right addicting. Dean found he couldn't get enough.
Cas swears he sees a small smile pull at the corner of Dean's mouth. "I..." Dean starts, pausing a moment to swallow. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay, you seemed off, and now I can see why. I should go, leave you to... uh.... It..." Dean licks his lips as his eyes once again flick to where Cas' hands are, then back up to his face, but he makes no move to leave.
"Knew what Cas?"
"um... I...uh..." Dean stammers.
Dean sighed, he didnt want to think about anything outside of this room right now, but instead he sat up, suspecting it was time for him to be responsible, even though he just wanted more sexy fun time with Castiel. "You said you're 18 in a couple months right?"
A smile spread across Dean's face as he looked into Castiel's blue eyes "Merry Christmas Cas"
Dean felt Cas tighten around his cock as he leaned forward, laying his body flush against him. Dean's eyes rolled back at the sensation of Cas' ass gripping him, and a ragged "oh" rushed out of him just as Cas licked his way into his mouth. It was slow at first, Cas tightening around him as he lifted his ass, loosening as he thrust back, taking Dean in fully each time. Cas quickened the pace, and soon the room was filled with the sound of slapping skin, and loud dirty moans as though they were competeing for who could pull the louder moan out of the other. Cas ran his mouth over Deans jawline, down to his throat, using his lips tongue and teeth to pull even more sounds out of Dean as he sucked marks all over his collar bone and chest.
"Yes, please." Cas sighed, "Please Dean... do that..."
Dean's hands run along Cas' back as the kiss deepens, and Cas feels him grip his hips as Dean pulls him into his body. Cas breaks the kiss throwing his head back and moaning at the increased friction he feels, grinding his hips down into Dean, reveling in the amazing sensation. Dean takes the opportunity to plant soft kisses on his neck, licking and biting any skin he can get his mouth on. Cas bites his lip before taking Dean's mouth with his again, plunging his tongue into his mouth greedily as he rolled his hips into Dean, his hardening dick rubbing against the crotch of Dean's jeans.
(I also think its funny that the epilogue ended up being my longest chapter)
Castiel quickly pulled back, and took two steps away, keeping Dean at least an arms length away. "Well, then one of two things is going to have to happen. One, I can leave and come back after Darla goes home" Castiel took note of the sadness that flashed across Dean's face, and fought back a happy little smile. "Or two, you can go spend time with your daughter while I make you the best French toast you have ever eaten. And then later, after Darla goes home, you can have me whatever way you desire." Castiel stepped closer placing a light kiss of his nose.
"n...no.... more..." Dean moans, hitching his hips into Cas' still pumping hand.
Dean takes a moment to think, what would be worse, Cas hearing what was practically a confession of his feelings from his own lips, or read by their teacher. Dean decides there's no way he could possibly read the story himself, so he stands and takes it to Mrs. Moseley's desk "Will you read it please?"
"Yes Dean, I'm ok with this." Castiel moved his hand from Dean's arm placing it tenderly on his cheek. Dean closed his eyes and nuzzled into the touch. "I just want you so bad, have wanted this for so long. I... Im just having a hard time believing it's real"
"Caaas" dean whines pulling harder on his hair. "... n...need you..."
Dean licks his lips and swallows before nodding his head. "yes" he says, his voice low. Cas growls as he picks Dean up, flipping him over on the bed. He moves to his dresser, pulling out a cornflower blue tie before walking back to the bed. He straddles Dean's back, letting the fabric of the tie drag across his skin, Dean's body shudders. Cas knots the tie around each of Dean's wrists before tying it to the headboard, making sure that he can easily move his wrists around.
"Rules are rules" Dean said with a shrug, leaning in and placing a soft kiss on Castiel's lips. His lips were warm and he smelled of coffee, and all Castiel could think was just how amazing this day was shaping up to be.
"C..Cas..." Dean's voice broke, as Castiel slapped his ass again, and again, until Dean was a whimpering mess, laying across the table.
Dean laughs "I think that can be arranged" he says kissing Cas' collarbone
"Oh God, that was amazing Dean." Jimmy sighed against the older man's sweat slicked chest. "Should we maybe, uh, take this upstairs?" Jimmy said looking from his brother up to Dean "what do you say we give Castiel a little playtime?" Jimmy smirked, looking back at his brother, then reaching out grabbing his cock. "Besides, I think Castiel's poor cock has been so patient. Look, he's weeping, we can't have that now can we?" Jimmy winked and flicked his tongue over the tip of Castiel's cock, gathering the bead of precum that had formed there, causing Castiel to moan. Jimmy gave them both a quick kiss before getting up an running the rest of the way up the stairs and into Dean's room.
Castiel takes a step back. He most certainly wasn't expecting that. "Dean, I don't know what to say. I'm deeply flattered that you feel that way about me. Things will be ok. You will find someone at your new school, who is more apropriate age for you."
"oh!" Dean moaned "Cas... I think we need...." Dean began to protest as the Angel shoved his finger in further, without the assistance of lubrication.
"Do you have a lead on a case Sam? I'll come with you." Dean sat up, pushing the blankets aside and his hand hit something. His head snapped to his left and there was Cas, sitting on the bed.
"You should go for it Char, she's obviously very into you" Dean says encouragingly. He looks up as the door opens to the shop. "Shit Char, I gotta go, customer." Dean cuts the video chat off and stands up to greet the customer that came into the antique store where he worked.
No music lyrics this time.... just a story that was inspired by some events that I just HAD to get out.
Dean moved his hand to Castiel's chest, pushing the angel onto his back once more. He trapped Cas' right thigh between his and slowly rutted up against him. Their kiss had softened a bit, as their tongues explored each other's mouths, soft moans escaping them occasionally. Dean ran his hand over Cas' flushed chest slowly, and then down his side, even slower, like he was counting the ribs beneath the taught hot skin. When his hand got to Castiel's hip, Dean let it linger there, thinking about how he could spend and eternity just worshipping those hips. Cas moaned into his mouth and moved his hips a little impatiently, and Dean snapped out of his trance and moved his hand to Cas' soft cock.
Darla giggled again, quickly losing interest in her father and Castiel. She gathered up her toys and went into her room. Once they heard the door close, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel's waist and pulled him in closer. "Best kiss you've had in quite sometime huh?" he asked teasingly.
Castiel growled, his ass slapping Dean's ass hard, shoving him further into the table, his hips hitching hard, burying his dick as deep into Deans ass as he could manage, then fucking him hard, fast and dirty. He reached his hand around, grabbing Dean's dick, slick with precum, pumping it hard with his thrusts.
Cas shifted onto his side facing him, smiling "Never Dean." He ran his lips over the hunter's softly and pulled their bodies closer. "I will never tire of you."
Dean stood, frozen in place by what had just happened. He was trying to wrap his mind around it when he heard Cas faintly singing as he walked out he door. He only made out the last 4 words "by takin' our time"
Castiel smiles at him before heading out after Meg.
"I can't help it Cas, after that kiss last night, this is all I can think of, especially because you are right here. " Dean said grabbing Castiel's ass with both hands and pulling him in again.
"Always the flatterer. " Castiel said handing Dean the plate. "I hope it's as good as you remember. To be honest, since you moved I haven't really made many pies." He tossed his robe on the chair in the corner of the room and crawled back on the bed next to Dean and watched him as he put the first bite in his mouth. Dean closed his eyes and moaned a sinful little moan. Castiel leaned forward swiping his tongue across Dean's lips, gathering the little bit of filling that was there and kissed him. "Now don't go making me jealous of that damn pie. Only I'm the only one allowed to make you moan like that from now on."
"It's gonna be a long 53 days, but I think I can manage, if we can still do movie club, maybe once a week? Just so we can have a little personal time?" Castiel placed his hand on Dean's thigh tilting his head slightly.
"Dean" Cas said, placing a kiss on his lips. "Certainly if this is a dream, I'm the one having it" He kissed him again, a little deeper. "But if this is just a dream." another kiss "Lets make it a really good one." Cas moved his hands to Dean's belt and quickly unbuckled it and his jeans, forcing them down over his hips and ass. He once again trapped his mouth with his own as he ran his hand under the waistband of Dean's boxers, wrapping his fingers around his hot erection. Dean's fingers bit into Cas' ass as he moaned into his mouth.
"Nothing! There's nothing wrong with Cas! He's perfect, he's kind and gentle, his heart is always in the right place. Kind of goofy and childish at times, which somehow makes him even more perfect. Not to mention, hello Angel, which ya know equals total badass! And yes, those eyes of his, piercing blue, the way he can look right into your soul and see exactly what your thinking before you do. The way his voice, so gravelly sends chills down your spine every time he so much as says hello." Dean took a deep breath and looked at Sam, who was now smiling at him. "Cas is perfect Sam, but he's not your perfect, he's mine ok! You cannot be in love with Cas, because I... well, because I need him ok."
Dear Douche-bag,
"Fucking fuck Cas!" he heard Dean groan above him and he smiled. Scooting on his knees he guided Dean around until he was leaning against the counter, the last thing he needed was for Dean to fall and give himself a concussion. And if he was already losing his balance, Cas would hate to think what would happen when he continued. Because Castiel was just getting started.
Dean opened his eyes and looked into the Angel's, if he had ever thought anything was perfect before, he was wrong. This. Right here. This was perfect, looking into Cas' eyes, their faces mere inches apart. Their hot breaths mingling between them. Cas' hands firmly on his hips. Dean's dick trapped between their bodies. Cas' perfect cock buried deep in his ass, stretching him out. The sensations mingled with the emotions rising out of Dean in this moment.... utter perfection.
"Hey Cas." He walked up next to him and put his bowl into the dish water. "You know you don't always have to do the dishes Cas."
"Dean, Jimmy did sacrifice everything for me. He's at rest now, in heaven." Cas' voice was soft.
Cas smiles shyly leaning in and pressing his lips to Dean's. "I want you to, I need you to." He says kissing him again. "I need to feel you" he bites his lip, eyes flicking down to the front of Deans jeans then back up. "All of you"
Castiel popped his head off Jimmy's cock. "In my pocket Dean, there's a bottle of lube. Get him nice and ready for your cock."
"AAHHHH DEAN!" Castiel screamed as his orgasm ripped through him, he thrust himself up into Dean's torso as Dean contained to thrust into him, fucking him through his orgasm. Dean thrust a half a dozen times more and then Castiel felt his cock swell in his ass as Dean thrust in as far as he could, a deep moan breaking over his lips as he collapsed on top of him, heaving heavy breaths.
"No-- give me more--" Cas begs.
"You should have called me" She snips.
Dean bit his lips, nodding his head... only managing to whimper "Please" before Cas stood behind him, unbuckling his belt, and pulling his pants to his ankles in a quick smooth movement. He spread his legs as far as he could and Cas reached one hand around grabbing his hard cock, stroking it fast as he snaked his other hand between his ass cheeks, his long finger teasing the puckered ring of muscle. Dean groaned again, pushing back into the touch, and Castiel pushed the tip of his finger into his ass.
Dean chuckled "Yea he did, gotta say it wasn't one of my favorites. Do you have any recommendations? Cas usually has something picked for me, so I'm at a bit of a loss without him here tonight." Dean almost felt pathetic, like he couldn't pick out his own movies.
"I've never heard ..." Dean started
"Last night Charlie... what happened?" Dean asks, his brain not quite able to put the pieces together.
He tried peaking in the window, then chided himself, turning away, meaning to walk far far away, maybe take a cold shower, when he heard his name. He froze, slowly turning around looking at the cabin, thinking he had been busted, but he didn't see Cas anywhere. Then he heard his name again and hearing Cas moaning his name, sent blood straight to his cock. He crept closer to the house listening intently, Cas' moans getting louder. He walked up onto the little porch, and was trying to peak in the window on the door when it pushed open. Dean looked around to see if anyone was watching before he slid into the warm cabin closing the door behind him. The air hung heavy with a smoke. He followed the sounds of Cas' moans down the hall where the bedroom door was open just a crack. He slowly moves closer, reaching his hand out to the door, hearing Cas moan his name again. He pushes it open and sees Cas shoved up against the wall, wearing nothing but the loose blue shirt he had been wearing earlier, he looks at Dean and smiles, that loose easy smile that his own Cas never gave him. "I knew that weed was good, but I never imagined it'd be this good." he said slowly. The blonde man, who was balls deep in the former angel, turned his head and Dean locked eyes with his future self.
"Dean" Castiel whined, placing his hand on Dean's shoulder.
"Darla, Cas has something for you, what do you say?"
And as always, comments are welcome and certainly appreciated!
"good" Cas says softly "I like calling out your name"
"More than I have ever been about anything." Cas says smiling, turning them around walking back to the bed. He pushes Dean down onto the bed before joining him.
Just then Darla came bounding into the kitchen, wearing a beautiful cream colored lacy dress. She swirled around as Castiel stood up. "Darla, sweetie, you look so beautiful."
"nnnoo..." Castiel stuttered when he finally found his voice. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and pulled him in for another kiss, this one held a little more passion as Castiel took control, gliding his tongue over Dean's lips before he opened up to him and met his tongue with his own. The kiss deepened as Dean ran his hands under Cas' shirt and up his back, pulling him in as close as he could.
Castiel sucked Dean's fingers into his mouth with a moan. "Dean..." he whined.
"Hey Cas." He walked up next to him and put his bowl into the dish water. "You know you don't always have to do the dishes Cas."
“Shut up,” Crowley hissed.
Dean really didn’t want to go back through those damned traps again, so he was very relieved when Castiel pointed to a one-way door to the right of the safe, and led him through it.
Dean arched his back off the bed, and came with a shout, spilling his seed over Angel’s hand. They continued moving like that for a few seconds more until they were spent, then Angel collapsed on top of him, trying to catch his breath.
“Sir, I understand this is a terrible breach in protocol…” one of the guys started, but Dean was not happy about it.
Crowley slammed his radio down on the table in disgust, growling, “Oh, for god’s sake.”
“What are you talking about?” Dean asked, mystified.
“My Baby,” Dean explained, once they were on their way to the restaurant.
Dean suddenly noticed the look of terror on Mystery Man's face, as he extended his wings, seemingly unintentionally.
, and Cas had no opinion on the matter, but Dean was sure it would be
Dean placed his hands on Angel’s wings, making him cry out.
Once he was fully clothed, Dean found another old t-shirt for Angel, and he brought it through to the living room and held it up, asking, “Will this do?”
Dean set up the
-Crowley sealing a deal with a kiss
“I simply gave Emmanuel something to help him remember who he really is,” Chuck interrupted, before gaining Naomi’s attention, and gesturing with his hand towards Cas. “Naomi.”
Sam frowned, but hugged him anyway, though it wasn’t as warm as he’d hoped. “Dean? Did you forget to tell me something?” He pulled back and stared at Dean, then looked over at Angel.
"Morning, Angel. Coffee's brewing." Dean gestured in the direction of the kitchen. "But first, a shower."
“A what? Hey,” he switched it on and chuckled at the flashing lights.
By the time Sam parked a couple of streets away from the warehouses, the cloud cover had caused a gloomy darkness to descend, and a light rain was falling. “We’ll need to be quiet, okay? And try not to be seen.”
“Dean, what have you got us into?” Crowley asked.
Once he was as certain as he could be that Angel understood what he was hinting at, Dean went for his shower. The entire time he was under the spray, his mind was in turmoil, wondering about his mysterious guest; who had done this to him and why, what exactly had been done to him, what was with that intense stare, and why did he have to be so damned attractive?
“Leave Sam to me. He’ll understand when he knows the full story.” Eileen gave Dean a soft smile as Angel clung onto him, then she went into the kitchen and closed the door while she spoke to her husband.
Angel looked at the bottle and the glass, but didn’t move to pour himself a drink. Dean was getting the feeling that whatever had happened to him that left him in this state had involved him being told what he could and couldn’t do, to the extent that he wouldn’t take anything unless it was given to him. Dean tried not to show how awful this realisation was, as he poured some orange juice into the glass and handed it to Angel.
“My ears might not work, but my eyes do, and I see the way you two look at each other when you think no one’s watching. It’s adorable as fuck, and also frustrating as hell; so now that you’ve gotten that out of your system, maybe we can stop with the heart eyes?”
“So this whole thing is ‘cause of you? That’s kinda funny.” Dean laughed and clapped Cas on the shoulder, letting his hand linger for a few seconds before letting go.
She was right of course; as the wife of a detective she had helped out in this way numerous times when necessary, with both victims and the accused. Dean had to acknowledge to himself how overprotective he was being, and he gave a wry smile.
Gabriel looked like he was having trouble believing any of this, but he nodded anyway, and as Dean gestured for them to follow, they fell into step behind him.
“Yes, please,” Claire replied, letting her inner child out as if it had been hidden away for too long.
Dean congratulated himself on getting the ball rolling as he tidied away his bedding and poured himself a coffee. He had no idea how long it would take for Angel to learn enough sign language to be able to tell Dean what had happened to him, but this was a start at least.
Holding the bowl out to Angel, he asked, "Do you want to finish this while I get the pan ready?"
“We’re going to start with the alphabet, then we will learn some basic words.”
Angel was practically twitching with excitement, and Dean could understand why; he’d been stuck inside for weeks now - and possibly a lot longer than that with his torturer - and now he was going to get some fresh air. Dean was also looking forward to it, as he realised that since Angel had come to stay, he’d hardly stepped outside either.
“This way!” Crowley stated, pointing forward and striding confidently in the direction he’d indicated, before stopping and going back the other way. “Wait. No. That way.”
“Is nine okay?” he asked, instead.
Dean stood still on the podium, wondering what he was supposed to do now, and ever so slightly fearing for his safety, when Blue Eyes handed him a device just like the ones they used to use on the show. “Angel radio,” he explained, as if Dean didn’t already know what it was. Shame it wasn't real, and he wouldn't be able to use it to contact the guy directly.
When he arrived at the apartment, Dean could tell instantly that something was wrong; he was fidgety, and when he sat down, he perched nervously on the edge of the seat.
“Good, good… yeah. I’ve got a situation going on, and I could do with your help.”
MONTAGE
“Does it need a spell?” Loki demanded to know.
“Cas?” he said disbelieving, before they practically launched themselves into each other’s arms. Claire threw herself into the hug a second later, and in between the sniffling and watery laughter, Dean could hear Gabriel and Claire saying things like, “I can’t believe it’s really you,” and “We didn’t know if we’d ever see you again.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he said once he’d stopped laughing and was able to speak again. “I couldn’t resist.”
Finding it harder than ever to look away, Dean frantically searched his mind for a distraction. He spotted Colonel 'sleeping' on his bed, and this was the opportunity he was looking for.
“Is that okay? Me calling you Angel? I need to call you something… maybe a different name.” He racked his brains trying to think of one. “... Steve? Would that be better?”
After a few moments of hesitation, they all left the stage, dissatisfaction hanging in the air. However, the audience still seemed restless, and Sam could hear the frantic clamoring for Dean’s attention persisting long after they’d left.
Hoping that it wouldn't hurt as much as it had when he put the stitches in, Dean sat on the floor in front of him, snipped each stitch with the scissors, then pulled them out as quickly as he could. The worry that they might not come out was thankfully unfounded, and it was all done within a couple of minutes.
Padding out into the living room on his socked feet, Dean picked up the bag he’d left on the table, as he wondered which he should attend to first; the broken arm or the wound.
“Are you making bee puns?”
Dean had more important things on his mind than their pissy attitudes anyway; he was still trying to find a way to get Castiel on his own. In the meantime, he would just have to make do with heavy flirting.
Angel nodded, as Dean went to the kitchen to stick the beers in the fridge before going to the bedroom. He hung the now wet jacket next to the coat, then quickly stripped off his shirt, pants, shoes and socks, and pulled on a sweater, a pair of pyjama pants, and some soft, thick socks. He loved the rain, yes, but getting into dry clothes felt comforting, which reminded him; as soon as Angel was stitched up and casted, Dean needed to get him into some dry clothes, too.
“Yeah, I know that wasn’t one of my best jokes.” Kevin laughed, then peered at him curiously. “You okay, man?”
“Angel?” Eileen questioned. “I thought you didn’t know who he was.”
She hissed at the man holding her, and struggled to break free. “You asshole! Let go of me!” The hold on her was too strong, however, and he started dragging her away.
Suddenly, Castiel stopped kissing him, and gazed into his eyes with an intensity that made his toes curl. His eyes fluttered shut, and Castiel growled, “No, keep them open. I want to see you.”
Sam never told Dean how hot Cas was though, but he had mentioned something about Cas being a single parent since he’d split up with his
“You know, evidently we had a little miscommunication regarding the... hunt? You didn't show up?” Ed said, his words trailing off, as Dean walked away without a single word.
Sam was stumped. He understood Jo’s reluctance; after all, it wasn’t her fault that they hadn’t been able to get the fruit from the tree of life. But Dean was getting hammered out there, and needed bringing back before it was too late.
It might have been his brother Sam who was the detective, but Dean never had been able to resist a mystery. The alleyway was dimly lit, but there was enough light to be able to make out a figure lying on the ground, barely moving. Drawing closer, he could see it was a man, and he looked very confused… and scared. He was also practically naked; wearing nothing but a pair of ripped pants.
Balthazar looked like a kicked puppy. “I'm sorry, sir, I was only...”
“She said that you should not touch it directly. When you’re about to get it, use a cloth or something,” Sam explains. “That’d be enough.”
“Happy?” Castiel says with his sassiest look, arching his eyebrow.
There are so many things Dean wants to do, but both of them are eager and hungry. They have been waiting so long to do this, and he knows they aren’t going to last long. He doesn’t care. Whatever he and Cas do tonight, is going to feel awesome. It is already awesome and they are only kissing and doing some frottage.
“We don’t know him, yet,” Sam began to explain. “But if he’s told you all those things, and wants to count on you so you two can keep doing what the people truly need, then I guess it’s a good thing.”
Dean snorts. “Yeah, well, it’s not like we humans understand everything either, to be honest. You once told me that we humans tend to complicate things.”
“Enough,” Sam warns. “Cas, you said when you heard Benjamin, he was screaming.”
Dean stands up and he grabs his shirt and his jacket after helping Cas to put all the dishes in the dishwasher machine. After that, both of them walk towards the main door.
Dean’s eyebrows raised and he smirked. “So you’re here to see me, too?” he asked with a pleased voice as he got his hand on the small of Castiel’s back as they began to walk towards the kitchen.
Dean inhales sharply and he stands up, walking towards the DVD player to pick up the DVD. “This is why I didn’t wanna watch this movie,” he begins to say sharply but sounding really hurt. He saves the DVD in its pack and puts it back on the bookshelf. “I knew this was gonna bring things we didn’t want to,” he adds really pissed off, but still, he sounds so hurt.
Dean is pressing his lips into a thin line, glaring his brother and boyfriend. Castiel, meanwhile, has that cocky face of his “Right.”
“Didn’t you guys buy all of that a month ago or so?” Sam asks with a curious face.
“There aren’t more assbutts like me out there?” he sasses with a smirk. This is how he always gets away from all those moments; by being a joking idiot. And it always works.
,” Sam says quite excited, making a happy and relieved smile. “You are together again? Like together
“Just sleep, Cas,” he whispers into his hair before kissing it. “Goodnight.”
And Dean would be lying if he said he hasn’t waited years to hear those words. So he kisses Castiel, with all his heart, and then, he grabs his hand and they go to Dean’s bedroom. They get into the bed and they kiss and hold each other.
“Well, then, if you can put some solar cream on my back before I go, you’ll be making me a huge favor,” he says as he gets the sun cream from his jeans’ pocket and hands it to Castiel.
“Dean!” Sam yells and Dean turns his head to see that his brother is there. He didn’t hear him or see him. The younger Winchester is soon next to him and helping him to stand up. “You should be more careful.”
“What if—” Dean begins, looking for his courage to ask another question that he is afraid to ask. “What if one day you decide to leave?”
“It’s Dorothy, Dean,” Sam said, and Dean looked at him surprised. “You know she is as good at finding things as Charlie. She will find something.”
” John mumbles. His voice is all filled with rage and the effects of cheap alcohol.
“I would love that, Dean.”
“I’ve got my contacts.” His grin gets bigger. Dean chuckles. “Do you like it?”
“And once we’re old,” Dean keeps saying, this time sounding a little bit shy. “And we’re tired from hunting because our bodies can’t take the job anymore, we can retire here, and live the rest of our lives in this house.”
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Castiel asks really worried. Dean just grunts. “Look at me.”
The only ingredients that aren’t there are the ones they always carry in the Impala and Dean’s blood.
Dean is breathing heavily and he can feel Cas’ hot breathing against his lips. The sound of the heavy rain falling on the street and hitting against the glasses of the phone box is the only sound that can be heard right now; but Dean swears that the beatings of his heart are louder than the rain. He tries to look at anywhere except at Castiel’s eyes, but sometimes Dean takes a look; luckily, Castiel’s eyes are focused on the door.
“Yeah, I know that now.”
“Dude, don’t ask stupid questions. Of fucking course you are it.” He gives him an obvious look and Castiel’s cheeks get even redder. “Your initials should’ve been here for almost six years.” Now the ex-angel looks at him with a surprised, almost shocked face. “What?”
“I’m not talking about that, Cas.”
“I know how to use a toaster.”
On the days when the Mark is starving for blood, Dean has to drown himself in alcohol, just like in those days when he thought Cas was dead and he wasn’t going to come back.
Dean is surprised to wake up and find Cas already awake. “Who are you and what have you done to my Cas?” Dean mumbles with a morning voice, turning around to face Cas, who frowns.
“Do you wanna paint a part of it?” he asked with a playful grin.
Dean glares him.
He lets out a happy sigh. It isn’t a comfortable bed and there isn’t too much space, but it feels better than that chair and Dean is next to him. “I love you.”
“Yeah, I want to be with you.” Dean nods as he swallows hard. “I love you, Cas. I love you so fucki—” But he can’t finish the sentence because Cas cups his face and kisses him suddenly, with tears falling from his eyes. Dean is shocked at first, but then, he closes his eyes and places his hands on the small of Castiel’s back, pulling him closer. He missed so much those kisses.
“It was peer pressure,” Dean says with an innocent pout and Cas arches his brow.
Sam makes a half smile and he looks at his brother. “Dean, I just want to know what happened exactly between you two,” he starts to say. Dean makes an uncomfortable face. “If you don’t want to talk about it, it’s okay, but sooner or later, you have to share that with someone else. Because if you keep it to yourself, if it is only to keep hurting you forever.”
“You won’t, I promise,” Dean says, cupping his face and looking at him directly in the eyes. “I’m afraid you’re gonna have to put up with me for a long time.”
Cas starts to push into Dean and both of them gasp and moan. Dean loves how full he feels with Cas inside him. He closes his eyes and bites his lower lip, enjoying the feeling of Cas getting deeper inside him. He waits a little until he is fully settled in Dean before he starts to fuck him, that’s when both of them start to moan really loud.
“Cas?” Dean asks as he knocks on the door of the archives.
“I know where the door is, Dean,” Castiel teases and Dean shows him his middle finger. “Assbutt.”
“It’s a long story. Can you find him?”
“You weren’t a dumb shit, Dean.” He sounds so offended. “You were really smart.”
Dean can’t help making a cocky smile. He starts pushing into Cas’ heat and Cas lets out sweet little moans. He is so tight and hot around Dean that it is maddening. Dean places his hands on Cas’ hips, holding all his weight. When he is fully settled in and Cas has adjusted to him, Dean lets out a happy groan and he begins to fuck him.
Dean makes his way through the store, dodging all the people in it, looking at all the flowers. He doesn’t know which are Cas’ favorite flowers, so he doesn’t know which one he could get him. But he suddenly sees on the left side of the store some pretty blue flowers that remind him of Cas’ eyes, so he walks towards there.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, mirroring his grin and standing up. He walked towards him and they kissed happily, making Castiel melt into the kiss. “Wasn’t expecting you tonight,” he added with a frown.
“He is in the northwest of Canyonville, Oregon,” Rowena states.
“Dean.” He turns Dean over, until they are facing each other. His hands are on Dean’s cheeks, cupping his face. Dean takes a deep breath and some tears fall down from his eyes. He lets out a sob. Things are good again, but he feels some kind of worry in his heart, and he isn’t sure why. “It’s okay,” Castiel says with a soothing smile and looking at Dean with so much love. “We talked and we fixed things, everything is all right.” His thumbs wipe off the trail of Dean’s tears.
“You know, I— sometimes me and Sam have got so much going on that we forget about everyone else,” Dean adds.
Dean knows he has to kill himself to get out of the dream and kill the djinns. He needs to get out of here as fast as possible.
Dean is still angry and hurt, but Cas is smiling at him in that soft way that makes Dean’s heart melt. It’s been too long since they saw each other, and Dean is so damn tired of being mad all the time.
“Besides,” Charlie said, kneeling next to Castiel. “You had too much to worry about. You had too many things going on, too many things to take care of. There’s no way you could have noticed you were being spied.”
Dean tries to shut his mind up. They are talking about burritos. He fucking hates his mind. It’s the fucking worst. “Careful with the sauce,” Dean says as he hands him some napkins. “I’m sure you don’t want to stain your clothes.”
Castiel smiles happily, making those beautiful crinkles around his eyes appear. “Of course that I know it. And you do know that I love you.”
Castiel has thought about trashing away the paper Dean gave him with his number on it; but he can’t. Not completely. He wishes he could have enough strength to just drop it away, to cut Dean completely off his life, like he thought he did during all those years, before Dean appeared again in his life. But he can’t. Everything is done between them, and yet, a tiny part of Castiel wants to cling on the remaining of what’s between them. He knows they won’t go to the same place they left and he doesn’t want to be with Dean anymore. Dean broke his heart and Castiel doesn’t want to have his poor heart broken again. It caused him such pain that he isn’t sure if he will be able to keep going after having his heart broken again.
There is a knock on his door a few hours after his brief encounter with Claire.
But he knows it won’t work. Cas is gone, and nothing will ever make Dean feel better.
“Such as?” he asks arching one eyebrow and smirking.
Castiel chuckles and kisses Dean’s cheek. “You always look beautiful for me, Dean.”
“I’m afraid we are only going to walk ninety miles,” Castiel says casually, making Dean turn around to give him a shocked look, because Cas sounds so serious. “I’m joking, Dean,” he adds, smiling softly.
“Well, that's not sustainable,” Cas says.
Dean grabs everything Sam and Cas asked for and he leaves everything on the table. “Thanks, Dean,” Sam says grabbing the maple syrup and squeezing the bottle, dropping the red golden liquid onto the tiny tower of pancakes.
“Don’t you dare to say that,” Castiel says with a warning tone. Dean smiles. “I fell in love with you because you are extraordinary, Dean, even if you refuse to believe it. There’s so much light in you.” He caresses Dean’s hair and looks at him with a tender look, full of love. “There’s so much goodness in you. I’ve seen you at your lightest and at your darkest, and you always come back to the light.”
“How is it that you came back?” Dean asks. He moves his hand, just enough to brush Cas’ thigh with his fingers. It is a touch that lasts only a few seconds, but it still makes Dean’s heart go wild. Such a simple touch, but it takes a lot of courage.
Dean wishes Cas could be in front of him, watching and listening to him as he plays the guitar. It used to make Castiel really happy. That thought makes Dean’s hands to stop and the bedroom is soon filled with silence. Dean rubs his face in tiredly and he lets out a breath.
“She basically let you pick when you’re gonna die,” Dean says, frowning.
Castiel sighs and moves his eyes from the window to look at his boyfriend. Dean is still alive, but he is in a coma. He lost a lot of blood and his wounds were extremely deep. Some of his main arteries were damaged, so it will take some time for him to get better. Doctors don’t know when he will wake up. All of his constants are fine, as fine as they can be due to his condition, but doctors don’t know how long it will take him to get better, or to wake up. Doctors now only come in to change the serum, change the bandages that cover his wounds and to check on him.
Cas spreads his legs, moving some of the rose petals. Dean gets two of his fingers easily, feeling Cas quite loosen up from his own fingering from before, so he adds a third finger and Cas moans, closing his eyes. Dean leans onto him, still working his fingers inside him and he presses kisses on his beautiful face, leaving his lips for the last, kissing them when he adds a fourth finger. He doesn’t tease him with his fingers; he loosens him, preparing him nicely and slowly, touching his prostate to earn him a moan and a lift of hips. He stretches him a little bit more and pulls his fingers away, wiping them on the sheets.
“I’m not in the mood to talk about what happened during New Year’s Eve,” he interrupts snarly, his eyes never leaving the book.
When Dean lowers his protection, he sees that Cas has turned away from him, and he looks in pain as well as he looks as if he wasn’t truly there.
Gabriel arched a brow. “I just arrived after twelve years and you’re gonna kick me out already?”
“He will,” Rowena answers, still focused on her spell. “But it will hurt him.”
Dean’s hand lingers on Cas’ forehead, and his fingers stroke his hair. Their eyes meet, and Dean slowly pulls his hand away, making his fingers brush Cas’ cheek.
They don’t say a word while they pant, feeling happy and sated.
Dean takes a look at the closed door, feeling scared and nervous. He has survived several apocalypses, he has fought against monsters, angels and demons, and yet, the idea of having a heart to heart conversation with Cas seems more terrifying than any of that.
Castiel chuckled and his fingers brushed Dean’s cheekbone. “I love being like this with you.”
“And what better way to use a name that doesn’t suit me to hide my real identity?”
“That’s where angels and demons go when they die. Also, Nephilims.”
“I believe you have my personal book of spells, don’t you?” Rowena asks Sam.
Hearing his voice makes Dean smile and feel a heartwarming sensation. “Hey Cas,” Dean says. “I didn’t wake you up, right?”
He looks at the phone for a moment as he feels a puncture in his heart. Part of him was expecting a different call, if Cas ever decided to call, but after what happened, Dean shouldn’t be surprised about Cas’ coldness over the phone. But it still hurts.
“Cas, I don’t, what— what are you trying to tell me?” He grabs Castiel’s arms, squeezing them a little comfortingly. It makes Castiel’s eyes get closed.
Dean keeps bobbing his head and swirling his tongue around the shaft, swallowing his cheeks. Castiel tries to make his moans sound lower than usually, but they still echo against the walls of the bathroom. Dean moans around Castiel’s cock, loving the feeling of it, increasing the speed, feeling how Castiel tenses with every bob of his head and how he starts moaning in enochian. Dean knows it is only a matter of seconds until Castiel comes in his mouth, so he takes all of Castiel in one movement, pressing his lips and hollowing his cheeks to make it happen faster.
“But I can come tomorrow to see him, right?”
“They actually like me better,” Dean teases, looking smug.
Dean huffs. “You’re a sap, Cas.”
Dean feels better, but not completely better. He misses Cas a lot. He thought it was going to be easier, but it isn’t. He knows he is dealing with it quite well, but he could be dealing it better. Even his friends and family know that he is still affected by Cas’ departure. Dean acts as if he is fine, but he knows that they know he isn’t.
“Yeah.”
Dean chuckles. “We should get up. We still need to go and deal with that fucking symbol in that oak.”
He stops the Impala and quickly leaves it, feeling something suffocating gripping around his chest. He feels like he is drowning and being set on fire at the same time. And yet, he keeps walking through the meadow, his legs taking him to the place where he knelt when he spread Cas’ ashes a couple of years ago.
“Where?”
They make it inside through the backdoor, and they quickly find that the house is in an abandoned state, but there are vampires living in it.
“I’ve been calling you for almost an hour! Why are you taking so damn long in the bathroom?!”
“You aren’t useless, Dean.”
“Anything cooked by you.”
“Because I wasn’t sure if you were interested in me,” Dean finally says. It is the truth, but it isn’t the whole truth.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answered with a thoughtful grimace. “I like fantasy stories.”
Dean feels like he has come back to life, that he isn’t drowning anymore.
“Well, take off your jacket while I go for you presents.” He says as he walks away.
It was a really fun day and Dean is extremely glad that he got to spend almost the whole Sunday with Cas. Until today, the most they could spend together were a couple of hours. Thankfully, today they managed to spend the morning and a big part of the afternoon. Dean was looking for a day like this, a day when he and Cas could be together without any of their schedules screwing it up.
Dean makes an agreement pout. Maybe Cas is trying to find something suitable for tonight. Dean hopes it doesn’t take him too long because he booked a table within half an hour, and if Cas is going to delay for more, they might not get in time unless Dean drives off limits.
Dean shakes his head as he walks towards his Impala. He is so screwed up, and it’s all his fault for letting himself fall for Cas. He needs to keep his heart quiet, so he starts the car and puts on his music;
“It's where I belonged,” Cas answers, and the way his voice carries so much pain and shame shatters Dean’s fragile heart. “I needed to do penance. After the things I did on Earth and in Heaven, I didn't deserve to be out. And I saw that clearly when I was there. I... I planned to stay all along. I just didn't know how to tell you.”
Swiftly, Cas reaches the top of the stairs and gets inside the house. He doesn’t spare a look at Dean. He couldn’t think that it was possible to get his heart even more broken, but turns out that it is.
“You are nuts.” Dean says with a smile. He tries to be focused on the bacon, but Cas is looking at him with that warm expression that makes Dean’s heart to melt down.
Food turns out to be delicious, and the desserts are even better. Cas even tells him to try to make those desserts at home. He always says that when they eat something delicious in a restaurant. Dean always cooks whatever Cas tells him to try making at home, and usually, Dean nails the dishes.
Dean wasn’t expecting anything of what happened last night. He wasn’t expecting to say the things he said and much less that Cas would kiss him and that they would end up in bed. Dean wasn’t expecting the awesome sex he had with Cas, which was more awesome than he had ever imagined. The pleasure was high, the feelings were intense, the kisses were perfect, the way Cas fucked him and touched him, the way they looked at each other… It was indescribable. Dean hadn’t felt that great in years.
Dean smiles and kisses him. “You care too much about me.”
“Cas, please, call me back, or text me, or just come back home. I’m fucking worried, man. I don’t know what happened to you or if you’re alright or what’s going on, but please, just let me know something. I’m so fucking worried about you.”
Castiel chuckles. “You have too much faith in me, Dean.”
Even though Dean knew that he and Cas were going to wake up pressed together, it still catches him by surprise.
“How could you do that?” Dean asks once they are back home. He has gone directly to Cas’ room to confront him and he has gotten inside the room without knocking. “Didn’t you hear Billie? Break a pact like that and there’s gonna be cosmic consequences! Are you fucking insane or just stupid, Cas?!”
– Of course – Cas considered it as obvious, but the almost surprised look on Dean’s face left him quite confused – It was nice to have something to keep me company while you and Sam were asleep. Moreover, you were the one telling me Mary and John bonded on those songs: it was an honour having you sharing them with me.
– Hey,
Dean kept on driving as if he didn’t hear a word, but it just took some of Castiel’s usual intense staring to make him give in:
Castiel put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, hoping he would understand the importance of his recounting:
– Whenever you want, whatever you want, I am here. You know you can always count on me.
brave, enough to sacrifice yourself, and that is remarkable; however that shouldn’t have been necessary.
.nn You need to stop defending him. I understand why you do it, but you really need to stop. For your own good.
? – burst out Dean, his voice beginning to shake a little along with his breath – That I’ve had to pull tricks for change? That I was just another filthy skank?
– Don’t mention it; after all, you needed to be educated on the subject. You couldn’t say you were
When he opened his eyes Castiel’s face was blocking the view on the dark, narrow alley and his hands were supporting his head. Dean frowned in confusion as the angel checked on him, gently moving his face left and right.
As the other didn’t seem to want to continue Cas was about to intervene, but he didn’t get the chance before Dean decided to start talking again:
– It’s something from before: the fact that you knew you had been stupefied. You did not
fault either. He did the best he could.
”. I’m so sorry you cannot see that.
– We got plenty of time before getting to the bunker; and I like stories.
Memories were beginning to surface in his mind, scenes he couldn’t remember still haunting him as nightmares, encounters he tried to lock away so many times he almost removed their existence, all ready to come up again.
– Come on, just spit it out.
– Yes. Yes, you might be right.
! Come back into the car!
– I just wanted to forget about it, you know? Push it in so deep it would eventually disappear. That part of my life is...
– Don’t worry, I’m fine now – cut short Dean, trying to get up before Cas could even help him. He looked around just to find the butchered vampires on the ground:
and then
, you
He would have just let him.
– I told you... I told you he was trying to protect me. It was thanks to him I knew how to tell I had been roofied, that I could know the feeling!
and then
In the end, the hunter seemed to start slowing down to finally park on the side of the road. However he did not give the angel time to say or do anything: the second the car stopped he was already out of it slamming the door shut behind him. Castiel followed immediately after, joining him in the rainy half-light.
– I’m sorry you had to go through all this.
Now Castiel was sitting on the passenger seat, but “sitting” was not quite the right term. Not even half an hour had passed before Dean finally snapped:
In front of his ongoing denial the angel decided to redirect the conversation a bit:
– It’s alright Dean, remember you’re safe with me.
. Like how to use a fire extinguisher – he didn’t want to push Dean into talking about something he could not want to bring up, but knowing him had showed Cas how the hunter tended to suppress and stifle his pains and sorrows rather than letting them out. If this was one of them, he was determined to offer his assistance in order to relieve him – How do you know, really?
– I know; but none of it is on you. You were- You
There is nothing better than keeping an eye on some fangs when you get to sit at a counter with a drink in front of you and some good music in the air. Even being a hunter sucks less in moments like those.
! Jeez, no, they were wonderful. It was one of the best periods of my life – Dean paused for a while – What matters is
. And you were his soldier, his “
, Led Zeppelin, second track of your top 13 – Cas recognised immediately the song from Dean’s mix tape, probably the first gift he had ever received.
– I purified your blood from any foreign substance, but you might still feel a bit light-headed.
He watched Cas smite the last monster as a shortsighted watches TV without glasses. He squinted a couple of times before having to adjust his weight on his feet to avoid falling to the ground: the dizziness had become overwhelming. He finally tried grasping Cas’ coat, but he inevitably tripped against the near brick wall, struggling to stay upright. He had tried to deny it, but now he was sure:
– Yes, you’re right, but it’s one of those things everyone
let him.
– I see what you’re trying to say but it was not
– Dad was often away for pretty long periods of time, so he’d leave me some money to take care of both Sam and me. One time he... he was gone for longer than predicted. The money was running out. I had to buy food, medicines, I had to give Sam something to distract himself, he... he struggled with anxiety at the time; hell, I think he still
– But you tried your best; you were too young to carry such burdens.
He needed to kiss Dean, but Dean needed peace.
A long drive, some burgers on the road and about a gallon of dead man’s blood. Nothing unusual.
– Dean, pull over – it was not an order, he wasn’t going to act like John did for too long. It was more of a concerned request, in that moment Dean was not in the condition to drive; especially during a rainy night. Seen that the other decided to ignore him he tried again, almost begging him
know but nobody
life. It’s all on me. Besides, he was the one teaching me how to defend myself.
– I know that, Dean! That is not
– And the past is the only thing that can haunt you without you being able to hunt it back. Dean... please, share your burdens for once.
Dean got up from Baby’s back, apparently ready to get back on board. He shivered a little when the breeze started to blow on his wet clothes, probably making him regret leaving the car in the first place. But not really.
. The only life decisions you should have had to take were your favourite sport team and who to take to prom. Not to be a
The knot he felt in his chest loosened a little when Dean smiled back at him, his eyes so full of pain but for once so full of relief too.
– You think I don’t? The hell I do! But what can I do about it? It’s not like I can tell him to get screwed, you know? He’s
Two versus two, nothing undoable for them. However, the two became
The hunter shrugged:
– Listen, I told you it was not a big deal. I don’t know why I even started telling you all this. It’s all in the past.
to win; or at least to get back my own money. I didn’t think I could have ever looked my dad in the face again after losing like that.
Castiel didn’t know at the time, but if in that blissful moment he had just dared to try and make a move, Dean wouldn’t have stopped him.
It was still a long drive to the bunker.
The angel patiently waited for the other to start loosen his grip, so that he could give him all the time he needed. Indeed it was Dean who eventually stood back, quickly sniffing and wiping his face.
because of me!
A vamp nest was annihilated and some rock songs were played.
– he managed to stutter before sliding down and blacking out.
... you were just sixteen. You already had to hunt monsters and basically bring Sam up, you already had too much responsibilities on your shoulders. Finding ways to feed your little brother while your father was gone shouldn’t have been one of them, especially if it meant giving away your own body and “
his walls caving in as he stopped fighting and pretending he was alright. His bottom lip quivered a little as the tears finally started to flow unrestrained: the angel had already noticed that as one of his peculiarity.
It was already pretty late when they had gotten to the Impala and a long drive was still separating them from the bunker. Since their conversation had been interrupted by business, the angel had taken advantage of that moment to show Dean the tape he always carried around in his pocket, so the hunter had suggested to listen to it on their way back.
Castiel didn’t have the chance to answer, in the chaos their attention was caught by someone bumping into Dean, who turned around on the stool just to find a young lady stumbling not to fall.
– Did they drug you there?
– He was not a father, he was a
”, like you said – Dean tried to argue, but Castiel didn’t give him the chance – And not only John
By then thunderous rain sounds were filling the interior of the car, Castiel almost had to shout to overcome them and the music with his voice. That was not what he wanted, he wished for Dean to finally open his eyes, to
– How long was I out?
– Thanks man, I... I guess I needed that.
Dean got in the car with a smirk on his face: that whole hunt would have been almost too damn easy.
Still, Cas could have stayed like that forever. Just the two of them in front of each other, soaked, the only sounds in their ears being the muffled music from the tape and their heartbeats, the tranquil night surrounding them in that little middle of nowhere. It was like a spell.
. So I needed a way to make that money multiply. That’s how I found the gambling den. Dad had taught how to play some games, maybe thinking situations like those could have happened – Dean clenched his hands tight on the wheel before going on –
– Wait, what are you... so John was aware of everything? – Castiel’s astonished tone quite surprised the other, who silently kept on driving while the first raindrops started moistening the windshield – Not only he
– It’s alright Dean, you can let it all go.
Unfortunately, spells are meant to be broken.
– There is nothing to let go, Cas, please stop trying to psychoanalyse me.
He could swear he had heard Dean softly sniffing, trying to conceal it by adjusting on the seat, but it was pretty dark in the car and the hunter’s eyes were low on the street so he couldn’t be completely sure.
was going to be there for him. Always and forever. Because he
– Yeah, I think so.
. I tried
In that moment what he needed was to kiss Dean, but he would have never dared to compromise what they already had, the
The place was pretty crowded and the atmosphere was party-like, one could get easily carried away, however Dean and Cas stayed at their seats chitchatting like always, with one eye on the surroundings. There was no sign of vampires, but they were confident they would eventually show up: there were far too much alcohol and adrenaline bottled in that bar for a fang to refuse a shot.
He would have
they shared. Not without firstly knowing Dean’s thoughts. Most of all he feared it would have felt wrong, like he was taking advantage of the unfortunate situation and of the emotional rollercoaster the other was on.
– Guess I wasn’t young enough when they caught me stealing bread and peanut butter – Dean chuckled – They took me in and then called the old man. He told them they should have left me to rot in jail. I lost the money, so I probably deserved it. However, since I was still underage they sent me to that reform house. After that, I learnt my lesson: I had to find another way to rustle up money. One that didn’t involve chance or luck. Fortunately a pretty face opens many doors, right?
It was still a long drive home.
didn’t want to upset Dean but that had definitely escalated quickly.
– Man, I love this song – Dean emptied his glass with a wince before gesturing the barista for another.
– Did that “new way” involve being roofied?
– What do you want me to say,
, of course not! I just... If only John knew-
– Alright, alright! Just stop looking at me like that! It’s not that big of a deal, it’s just... a long story.
as other vamps emerged quietly from the shadows. Two versus five, nothing undoable for them, right? Nothing new. Except for the dizziness Dean started to feel, like he was drowsy all of a sudden. Maybe he should have listened to Sam after all and rested a bit more before going on that hunt; but there he was, decapitating some fangs with an Angel of the Lord by his side like a usual Tuesday night.
The rain had become less pouring, it was now a gentle tapping on their clothes and hair. They were soaking wet, however they stayed like that for quite some time, Dean trying to finally let everything go and Castiel giving him the strength to do it.
– It’s a shame Sammy couldn’t come. Have you seen the one trying to escape through the vents? I’m telling you Cas, should have seen his face. He was terrified.
They were still so close, Castiel could have easily lost himself in those watery green eyes who seemed to look right through him; and, maybe, he already did.
Cas does as Dean tells him, his orgasms ripping wildly through his body. "UNGH OH DEAN!!!" He cries out as his cock spurts thick white streaks across their stomachs, he screams Dean's name again as Dean thrusts hard into him, moaning and releasing his own load deep inside Cas.
Here he was now, in his hometown, had just spent the afternoon with his dear friend and her family, watching the kids decorate cookies for Santa and chit chatting about what was new in their lives. He couldn't help but smile at the wide eyed innocence of the children completely enthralled in their decorating. He thought back to his own childhood, remembering the joy and wonder that came with this time of year, wondering how and when it had all disappeared for him. Normally this time of year was still magical for him, but for some reason, this year he just couldn't get into the spirit. Everything had seemed like a chore, and he hadn't even decorated his new apartment this year, not a single decoration went up.
Dean lets out a moan, nodding his head in agreement as Castiel opens the car door, letting him slid in.
"Cas" he moaned softly. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean's head pulling it back "OH FUCK ME CAS!" Dean said loudly, moaning even louder as Castiel fucked him hard and fast, hands gripping Dean's arms as he pulled him in closer. "Oh fuck..... oh god.... Cas... Cas....mmmm... oh god Cas...." Dean began chanting his name as Castiel continued to fuck him. Castiel shifted his thrusts, aiming for and successfully hitting the bundle of nerves he had found earlier. "Fuck! Oh God Cas, right there! God, keep fucking me like that."
"If the boner that was pressing into my leg was any indication, I'd say he's into me." Castiel laughs, earning a disapproving look
"I'm sorry Dean, I... I don't know what came over me. It... it won't happen again." Cas said, turning away from him and heading toward the stairs.
Castiel stands in the doorway to the kitchen looking out at the table where the beautiful green eyed man sat. He smiled when he looked up at him, he nodded his head toward the back door and then went to wait for him.
Castiel finished making the French toast, and delighted in the he way both Dean and Darla devoured the plate he had set on the table. After breakfast Darla asked to watch a movie, so after clearing the table, they made their way to the living room. Dean and Darla picked out a movie and Castiel got comfortable on the couch.
"Dean... I was always yours.... I will always be yours, so long as you'll have me"
Of all the times he imagined kissing Cas, it had neverbeen like this, but it had always been this easy. Very quickly he is melting into the kiss, his hand sliding around his waist stopping at the small of his back. Dean pulls Cas' body firmly into his, letting out a low moan when he feels his nimble fingers pop the button on his jeans. Dean breaks thekiss with a gasp when he sensing movement behind Cas. It's more than surreal to see the mirror image of his own body sliding up behind Cas' body, feeling his own hand over his at teh small of Cas' back. They are past the point of no return as Cas wraps his fingers around Dean's cock and he feels his knees buckle. 'I can't believe this is happening' he thinks as his future self moves in closer locking lips with him over Cas' shoulder.
There was something more intense about this dream than the other's he'd had before. Something more solid to the feeling of Cas next to him, the way his breath came faster as Dean continued to stroke his cock, his hips hitching into his touch. Cas moaned and Dean felt it vibrate through his body, causing him to shudder. That hadn't happened before, and he liked it. He moved his body, rolling Cas to his back as he continued to stroke him, sliding his leg over Cas' and griding into Cas' thigh. He peppered soft kisses and gentle nibbles over Cas' neck and down his collarbone. He dipped his head a little lower taking his nipple into his mouth and Cas' moaned again, a dirty little moan that if Dean wasn't already rock hard, would have made him so in an instant. Dean nibbled lightly on his nipple before sliding his body over Cas', stradling his waist, rubbing their cocks together. He slid his hips forward reaching behind him to hold Cas' cock in place. The beauty of dreams was no prep was needed, things just happened, Dean pressed the head of Cas' cock against his ass and felt the burn of the stretch and resistance. His breath caught as he looked down at Cas' beautiful blue eyes, wide looking up at him. It was in that moment Dean realized, this was no dream.
"MMMM.... Cas, you feel so good.... You're so warm" Dean murmered agains Cas' mouth. Kissing his way down his jawline and burying his face into the crook of his neck.
"Cas..." Dean moans against his mouth, pulling his hips into him harder, bucking his own hips to meet Cas'.
"I don't care about our ages Mr. Novak. I think I am in love with you. I don't want anyone new, I just want you." Dean set the bag down and moved in closer to Castiel, he stood about chest high and he wrapped his arms around Castiel and pulled him into a hug.
"Do you see where you are standing Cas?" Dean smirked
"Good Morning Dean, any customers today?" Meg asks as she walks over to the desk in the corner.
After that day Dean took every opportunity he found to run his fingers through Castiel's wings whenever he saw them. It started with light playful touches, simply trying to get a reaction out of the angel, something more than the flush that would line his ears. Dean would be lying if he said he himself wasn't enjoying this. Sure it was fun teasing Cas,  trying to break that ever stoic look he always wore. But it became more than that very quickly, the electric tingles that emanated from Cas' feathers whenever he touched them was down right addicting. Dean found he couldn't get enough.
sorry for any spelling and or grammer mistakes. I havent really gone over it yet.
"Cas hmm?" Castiel looks at him with a smirk, "I like it". He pressed his lips against his again. "And what do I call you?"
"Get on top of me Dean, I want you to ride my face" Dean's eyes widened, and even Castiel had to admit, he was a little shocked at the words that had come out of him. But it was true, he wanted to eat Dean, wanted to feel him writhe on top of him. Dean only hesitated a moment, before leaning in for another kiss and then climbed on top of him, his knees straddling Castiel's head. Castiel wasted no time working Dean's cock, thick and heavy resting against his face as Dean rutted against him. Castiel licked and kissed the flesh he could reach.
"God yes! Please Cas. Fuck me hard!"
"Alright Dean, I will make you a pie, but you have to earn it. How about you rake the leaves in my yard while I make it for you. And that was it, every Sunday Dean was knocking at his door, asking what chores he could help with so that he could have his pie.
Dean chuckled pulling Cas into him, latching onto his neck as his hands wandered over  back. "You know, for a moment, when I woke up this morning, I thought last night was just a dream."
Dean couldn't lie, even in elementary school, he had a crush on the younger of the two Novak boys. There was just something about that perpetually messy dark hair, those blue eyes and that adorable lopsided grin. What's more is back then, Dean didn't even know he was into guys at all... But there was just something about Cas that had always drew his eyes and attention.
"I guess so. I really don't want to move. But Dad says we have to. I thought I was going to be ok, but" Dean huffed a heavy sigh "Nah, I'm ok, its just a little harder than I thought it was going to be. Is my pie ready?" Dean brushed away the tears and forced a smile at Castiel.
His brain was then overwhelmed by all the questions;
Dean's eyes go wide before a cocky smiles spreads across his lips. "I can definitely do that" he says with a low growl as he kisses him hard.
ENJOY!!!!
"Now I need you more than ever,
"Is it ok that I kissed you?"
"You didn't have to stay, despite what you think, I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself. You should not feel any obligation to me or my well being. " Cas said in a low tone, hanging his head. Part of him was indeed very happy that Dean was here when he woke up, but another part of him wished he would have slipped out while he was still sleeping. Letting go, watching Dean leave him, that was going to be hard. Suddenly Cas felt a heaviness in his chest, and there was burning in his eyes. Great, he thought, I'm going to start crying. He took a deep breath, trying to keep his emotions under control. It was bad enough that Dean thought he couldnt take care of himself, the last thing he needed was for Dean to see him crying too. Cas wasn't used to all these emotions so easily overwhelming him.
Dean looked up into Castiel's face, he shifted his body, straddling his waist. "Go slow, its my first time." Dean said softly against Castiel's ear as he started to lower himself down, the tip of Castiel's cock pressed against his opening.
"Is it ok that I kissed you?"
Cas is hit with a new set of emotions at Dean's admission. He's felt Dean's longing grow increasingly over the years, but he didn't ever imagine, would never allow himself to imagine that he longed for him in this way. "Dean..." Cas squints at him, his head cocking to the side.
Cas blushes, ducking his head. "Don't tease me Dean"
"Daddy, are we going to look at Christmas lights now?" Darla asked running circles around the two of them as they walked up the street to the car.
"More than okay Dean. I love you, more than I could ever tell you when I was an Angel, and since I lost my grace, all these human emotions that came flooding in, only made my love for you more intense. But with it came the self doubt. I never believed you could want me like this." He explains.
Dean gasped a little at the request, finding his legs beneath him, took a fist full of Castiel's hair holding his head in place and thrust his dick into his open mouth hard, letting out a deep groan as he hit the back of his throat again.
It had been an hour, and Charlie was supposed to come rescue him and officially introduce him to Dorothy. He knew things were going to get serious between the two of them. Charlie gushed about the pretty brunette from accounting every time they spoke since that night at the bar. Dean was happy that his friend was falling in love, but right now he was growing impatient. The bartender hands him his drink and Dean slides her a five dollar bill before picking it up.
Darla raced out to the kitchen and Cas followed, taking off his coat and hanging it on the back of the stool that sat next to the counter. Darla had already opened the oven door when he got there and he could see the cookies were indeed done.ordering on too done.
When Dean walked into Mr. McLeod's office, he felt the older man run his eyes over him. Dean was used to it, he was what most people considered "pretty".
Castiel found that he desperately needed to watch as Dean slowly pulled away his pants,  leaving him laying in just his boxer briefs,  his cock straining against the fabric. The look on Dean's face as he stared at the bulge between his legs was one of awe. Suddenly Dean's green eyes met his blue ones and Castiel thought there was a flicker of hesitation in them.  But if it was there,  it was gone just as quickly as it had appeared. Dean ran his hands up Castiel's legs coming to rest on his thighs,  before leaning in and gently rubbing first his nose and then his lips over Castiel's erection.
Castiel tugged open Dean's jeans and saw much to his delight, that Dean was not wearing anything under them. He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth to hold back a moan. He'd been wanting to do this for awhile. Finding any excuse he could just to see Dean when he came into town. Maybe it was because Dean was distracted when he came in today, maybe it was simply because he couldn't wait anymore, but Cas was finally making a move. And oh what a move this was. He slowly licked his lips as he grabbed Dean's thick soft cock, pulling it free, without taking his eyes off Dean's he leaned forward swirled his tongue around the warm, soft, musky flesh before sucking him into his mouth. He heard a strangled gasp above him, and a beep as he watched Dean throw his head back and end the call. Dean tossed his phone to the desk and once again looked down at Cas, his hands now gripping the arms of the chair, still not saying a word. Castiel's lips pulled, as much as they could wrapped around Dean's hardening cock, into a smile. Without a complaint coming from the green eyed man, Castiel sucked hard as he pulled his head back, a loud wet popping noise filling the room as Dean's dick fell from his mouth. Dean moaned, which only served to encourage Castiel and his pink swollen mouth as he once again liked his lips before taking Dean in fully once more.
"Yea, are you going to make us into liars?" Jimmy teased.
Dear Mr. Novak,
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at how new everything was to Cas. From learning to do the simplest tasks, to enjoying the things that so many people took for granted. He made it his personal mission to make sure Cas experienced everything, found himself looking forward to finding new things for Cas to enjoy. Watching Cas' face as he listened to Zeppelin for the first time, had to down right be the best though and the event that followed only slightly had something to do with that.
Dean laughs. “Yeah, but I was just being polite.”
“Because of the conversation I had with Charlie.” He takes a deep breath and leans onto the touch, seeking comfort. Dean has always been touch starved, and he tended to have sex to cease that starvation and to seek comfort. But all Cas has to do is put his hand on him and it heals him almost immediately. “It made me think that maybe you want something out of this life but you aren’t saying anything because of me.”
Dean, not feeling safe discussing about that topic in front of Donatello, asks him to go home. Donatello runs away as fast as he can.
“Okay. Sorry Dean.” She says sweetly. Then, she approaches him and she presses a brief kiss on his cheek. “And congratulation on your great night.”
“So, would you like him to paint you a portrait?” Meg asked, with a smirk.
Castiel smiles at him again before he opens the door. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“I want to believe that there was some remaining of the John I knew when I was a kid. When mom was still alive,” he says with a sob. He inhales sharply, trying to hold his tears, but he can’t. He feels the warm tears in his eyes falling down, getting colder as they fall and they reach his chin. “I will never forgive him for all the things he said and did to me, but I choose to remember him as he was when I was a kid. I’m tired of waiting that man to come back. He died the night mom did.”
“It blocked her grip on you,” Cas says, panting as he approaches Dean. Billie starts pounding the door. The warding lights up, but it holds. Dean knows it will only keep them safe for a while, because Billie isn’t going to stop pounding. Cas looks at the door momentarily and then at Dean. “Dean, she said that wound was killing her. Maybe we can wait her out.”
“Yes?” Cas says, still rubbing soothing circles on Dean’s arm.
Dean grins.
Castiel does as he is told.
Dean sighs and stops chopping the zucchini. “That’s the problem, Sammy. I don’t know what’s wrong.” He shakes his head, feeling how his eyes try to get glassy, but he fights the tears. “I just—” He chuckles bitterly and grabs the knife again. “I don’t fucking know, Sam. I don’t fucking know.”
Dean chuckles with that. “Yeah, it was really cool.” He looks at Castiel’s eyes, looking bluer than ever thanks to the sunlight. They are the bluest blue to ever blue. Did he fucking seriously think that cheesy thing? He is a big old cheesy guy. “Well, I guess I’ll see you on Friday,” Dean says a bit awkwardly. He will never understand why he looks like this right now. It isn’t the first time he is with Cas outside his apartment.
And even though Castiel desperately wants to fix things between Dean and him, he knows that it won’t happen. Things only keep getting worse and worse for the two of them, and they have hurt each other countless of times. Castiel is tired, and so is Dean. Maybe they have finally reached the point where they want to give up.
Castiel moans. “I could ask you the same.” He moves one of his hands towards the head of Dean’s cock and he caresses it, which makes Dean moan.
Sam remains quiet, but there are tears threatening to fall from his eyes.
“But I'll find Gadreel. And I will end that son of a bitch,” Dean states. “But I'll do it alone.”
“You used to trust me, give me the benefit of the doubt,” Cas begins to say with pain in his voice after a painful silence. “Now you can barely look at me.”
“It must be weird.”
“I’ve got everything,” she says, placing her duffle bag on the table.
“Of course you love it,” Castiel said. He rolled his eyes but he smiled. They were already walking upstairs, well, Dean was. “I could get used to this, you know?” He caressed Dean’s nape, brushing his light brown hair.
“Yes, I do.” He makes that adorable grin, the one that makes Dean smile widely and melt his heart. “I really admire how you enjoy it. Even if it’s just bacon.”
. Sorry for that.
“Of course. It’s a family dinner, you know it.”
Dean knows he is testing the waters. He knows that Cas has been aware about his mood. Dean has been trying to hide it during the whole hunt, but Cas knows him so well. “Not really,” Dean finally says.
A part of Dean wonders why he has to be so angry, why he can’t get rid of it, but he has no answers to those questions.
“Do you wanna go to the mall now and buy him something?” Sam suggests casually. “We can tell him we are going to buy some seeds for the greenhouse. He is busy with the closet, so I think we should seize the moment.”
“Well, at least we now have half of the problem solved,” Dean says, quite happy.
During the afternoon, he decides to go to Lebanon and take a walk around the town. He ends up visiting his favorite record store, spending an hour searching through the vinyl section and ends up buying two Led Zeppelin records he didn’t have in vinyl format and
“Don’t use that voice with me, Dean.” He tilts his head up to look at Dean’s eyes, filled with sadness and pain. Hearing Dean like that and seeing him with that heartbreaking expression hurts Castiel’s heart. “Why do you want me to go?” he asks. Dean opens his mouth to say something but Castiel stops him. “And don’t say because you don’t want me to spend Christmas alone.”
“Of course that I love you. I love you so much, Dean.” He kisses Dean with all the love in his heart, showing with the kiss how much he means his words.
Dean makes a shaky breath. This is better than any of his dreams. Cas loves him and he is telling him so.
Dean frowns. “You guess?”
Dean is panting and so is Castiel. He likes the feeling of Castiel’s hot breath against his skin and the feeling of the two of them being boneless, unable to move just yet.
“Not at all,” Dean answers, running his fingers through Cas’ messy hair. He likes the way it smells after he showers. The ex-angel decided to take a shower before lunch to feel cleaner. He has found out that being sick also makes you feel dirty and sweaty and he doesn’t like it at all. “You ready, Spock?”
Castiel looks at their joined hands while he makes a thoughtful face. “We were watching
He feels Castiel’s smile against the skin behind his ear. “Of course.”
“Cas?” Dean asks, worriedly.
Dean shakes his head and rolls his eyes. “Yeah, I know, just—” he sighs. “Never mind.” He kisses him again. “Don’t go too far. You could reach Canada if you wanted to.”
Eventually, they find a place where some sunrays have made it through the clouds. Dean and Cas look at each other and then they approach the place. Dean starts touching the trunks of those trees, noticing that some of them are damper than others. After some testing, he sees that the thin maple is the driest one.
Before anyone could offer any help, however, Dean interrupted.
Cas didn’t let up; working Dean through it until he started to become over-sensitive, then releasing him. Dean flopped down on the sofa while Cas disappeared into the bathroom to rinse his mouth and grab a washcloth, then he returned and cleaned him up.
There was also the twisted reasoning for Chuck’s treatment of Cas…
Dean’s heart sank even further when the two guys from earlier - before Dean went looking for Jo - showed up again. He didn’t need any more of this shit today.
Dean almost came right then, from the sheer hedonistic pleasure he was receiving.
“The pastor seemed friendly and welcoming, and Cas, he… he thought he cared about him, but, b…” Dean wiped a tear away angrily. Maybe it wasn’t anger he was feeling, but heartbreak.
“Now rinse it off,” Dean prompted, wondering why Angel seemed so reluctant to do even the most simple things without being instructed.
He wanted to kiss Cas so bad, but Cas let go of his hands and strode toward Chuck, with revenge clearly at the forefront of his mind. As Cas advanced on him, Chuck looked unsure of himself for the first time, and Dean looked forward to seeing him suffer.
Sam slapped his hands on the table and stood up. “You’re being ridiculous,” he said to Dean, taking Eileen’s hand as she also got to her feet. “This has been great. Congratulations, Cas. G’night, you guys.”
Dean put the coffees down on the table, and glanced between the two of them. “What are the chances of Angel seeing him again, though? It’s not like he can go outside.”
“You’ve gotta be shitting me right now.” With a bit of effort, Dean got to his feet, and glared at his brother. “We need to find him before Chuck wipes his memories again, and he… he does something-”
It looked like Cas might be thinking the same thing, but when Dean got out of the car, he followed suit and they made their way inside.
him, but he’s learning to live with it. Okay?”
When the noise sounded again, he put down the EMF meter and tried to locate the source, opening his desk drawers and searching through them without success. Bewildered, he was about to get back to working on his meter once again, when he heard a disembodied voice that sounded distinctly like Dean Winchester, saying, “Hello? Anybody there?”
Whether they were gently making love, making out, or just lying together, it was peaceful and soothing, as they waited for news from Sam.
Now that the police were involved in the case, Dean realised he wasn’t going to get to kill Chuck like he wanted, but he could assist Sam with one small aspect of it, at least. Getting up and going to the kitchen, he said, “I think I can help you with that language you don’t recognise.” He found the piece of paper he was looking for, then brought it back to the living room and placed it on the table. "This it?”
Without hesitation, Angel took his hand and squeezed it affectionately. “Yes.”
