The exchange is met with a curt nod from King John, closely followed by a “Prince Uriel” to which a large, burly man in a green tunic adorning long sleeves and embellished with silver thread patterns, steps forward tentatively on matching chartreuse pumps at the aforementioned title. He simply bends his plump neck forwards, a clear indication that this man believes the Winchesters deserve the same amount of respect as a smudge of shit on the bottom of his shoes.
Reluctantly, Dean’s sagging posture slowly melts into the correct stance. So he does know how to fight – great, what a waste of time. Patience is running thin with him right now, so he initiates the first strike, which to no surprise, Dean blocks skillfully without batting an eyelash.
Once Castiel is settled, Sam holds out two cups for the serving girl who was waiting against the wall to fill them up and promptly holds one out for Castiel. He takes it with an expression of thanks, but refrains from voicing any other thoughts. Sam isn’t seeing the need to talk, just sitting back and observing, maybe sipping on his wine from time to time, so Castiel ties up the ends of any conversation starters that he might have had. He lets himself relax a bit, reclining in his seat a little more than usually acceptable and lets his eyes roam. The floor is filled, the maids who have finished their chores for the night join the cluster of masculinity and all is a joyous free entanglement of limbs as everyone dances with one partner, then another. He spots Dean within that compressed crowd as well, swaying merrily with his sister, as they whisper dirty promises into the other’s ear with only the low hanging moon to bear witness outside. It’s a rather appealing sight to look at. Anael hooking her long, slim palms onto those strong, broad shoulders, always a pleasant smile upon her swollen red lips when within the prince’s perimeter.
“Gabriel!”
“Yes, Dean. And before I go into what I need to say I want to thank you for acknowledging where you went wrong before. Everything you said, I can’t even tell you how much it meant to me. So, thank you. And I know I’m not perfect and I know I’m not the easiest person to be around at times. I know I have to say I’m sorry too. I’m sorry for giving you the silent treatment for weeks. That was so wrong of me, I’m ashamed to have done that to you. You didn’t deserve me completely cutting you off like that, and certainly not for so long. So, my return promise to you… is to never do that again, if we have a problem I promise we will talk about it. I won’t shut you out again. You have my word.”
Jack is crying and looks uncertain as he gazes up at Dean, “Daddy…?”
“You’re not very tough for a burglar.” Cas teases.
Castiel puts on a show for Ishim, totally ignoring the phone in his hand, he assumes Ishim is taking pictures of him again. Cas hates it when he takes pictures of him in compromising situations, but he has learned not to say anything. So he begins, jerking himself and fondling his balls, moaning like a porn star because it really does feel good to finally feel his orgasm so close. After a few strokes, he forgets all about Ishim watching and stares at the wall over Ishim’s shoulder and enjoys pleasuring himself. He forces himself to stay upright when his climax hits and he cries out as he comes all over his hand and on the hardwood floor.
Dean groans in approval as Castiel takes his cock into his mouth and sucks on the head of it, swirling his tongue around the sensitive skin there. Castiel lowers himself further over Dean until he has taken most of Dean’s length into his mouth, his head bobs up and down as he sucks and teases, his mouth making obscene wet sucking noises. His free hand mouths up to Dean’s mouth and he taps suggestively against Dean’s lips with two fingers, encouraging Dean to suck on them. Dean parts his plump lips and as soon as Castiel’s fingers slip inside, Dean runs his tongue along them, wetting them thoroughly.
He remembers that stolen kiss after Castiel had driven him back to the hotel. If he’d only have known that he’d be seeing him again, and soon. He would have waited. He would have done it properly, not on the back of some half-joke Castiel made. He would have pulled Castiel in close to him, brushed his thumb over the man’s cheek to make his eyes close and then…
“Hi Cain, I’m Charlie, and this big lug is Benny.” Charlie reaches in front of Dean with an outstretched hand towards Castiel.
They had met six months ago, right here in Rocky’s bar, where the floor was beer sticky but the company was good. Dean, a regular, had eyed the tall, dark stranger in the corner of the room for the entire length of Bon Jovi’s Livin’ on a Prayer before he’d confidently walked over to him and introduced himself. The stranger, ‘
“I’m fine, Sammy. He just pisses me off so bad. I think I broke my lamp.” Dean confesses with a shrug.
“Me too. I like this cat.” Dean keeps his signs simple and fundamental for the man. “Thank you for signing.”
Ishim takes a long drink of his beer and looks up at Cas from his seat on the couch, “So, what, are you not happy to see me? I was able to skip out of the last day of the conference. I thought it would be a nice surprise for you.” he says with an edge of sadness in his tone.
He doesn’t even give him a chance to reply before he is being dragged away by the wrist and lead onto the floor centre, interwoven like a puzzle piece between the claustrophobic crowds of swaying bodies in time with the music. As if on cue, the tempo of the strings changes to a more upbeat, festive tune and the men and women alike fall into step with a traditional folk dance. Castiel acknowledges that this activity would be more fun if he actually knew what was happening in the whirl of colours and spinning lights.
“No. As a matter of fact I fully believe you to be fully capable of holding and swinging your own sword, if any of the stories are even half true. I am no fool, Dean.”
“Not drunk enough,” comes Dean’s simple reply. Castiel struggles to keep his face free of any signs of worry and horror as he tries to not read into that statement too much.
Dean is more than glad to not be in their place.
“Now hold on there,” Dean tuts, clearly not backing down either, “Do you really want to disrupt him right now?”
“Yeah, you really need to watch what comes out of your mouth,” Sam scrutinises.
“Chuck was talking about a marriage alliance of sorts.”
“Come evening...” he hears Michael drone on, babbling about the soldier training they do back at home, the entire dawn to night routine to which Castiel is more than familiar with by now. Not long after, the two Princes twist back around and walk away together, undoubtedly sharing tac-tics and likewise. They appear to be deep in conversation, Castiel observes, a serious look washing over their faces.
The castle tour concludes just as they reach the guest sleeping quarters. Michael, being the eldest and most notorious, is shown to his mammoth and overly decorated room first. It is a large, dark oak floor space, lit only by the welcoming fireplace save for a small, high window, and Castiel is glad he won’t be spending his days in a dank, manky cellar, even if it is clustered with curtains, fabrics and furs from all sorts of exotic cultures. Located on the ground floor, he guesses it’s for portability and awareness, and that’s probably for the best since Michael is always called upon by their father for various needs like helping with planning the defences, even if he is off-duty.
“Who was that?” he asks simply. He doesn’t really care much for his sister’s extracurricular activities, and he could probably guess the boy’s line of employment, but he’s just curious as to what happened to the Winchester prince.
“Man, why do girls have to be so complicated? It would be so much easier with a guy.”
“It’s not what it looks like.”
At first, the walk down to the ground floor is silent and quite frankly, awkward. Neither look like they know what to say or how to make the first move, just the Winchester prince leading the way while Castiel follows.
Anael rolls her eyes. “If you must know, it means I’m getting taught how to get him to like me, so that our Kingdoms may be joined forever in peace through our union.” Finally, Cas seems to give a reaction, letting out a gasp as it dawns on his face. “Oh don’t act surprised. You always knew it was going to end up like this. Dear daddy selling me to some rich prince from a faraway land. Look at the upside, it could’ve been a really old man,” Anael adds in a hopeful tone, wishing the words can improve the situation. Cas can only shake his head in disappointment.
“Alright bitch, it wasn’t even that funny.”
“Yeah, only because she won’t even let me anywhere damn near that guy,” Dean grunts out, anger starting to bubble inside him again. “What the hell, Sam. Who does that? And don’t you dare give me any of that ‘you would have done the same thing’ crap, because I know not to take it too far, okay? I know that when somebody is intent on something, it is in their best interest to listen, not dismiss the idea completely. She won’t even hear me out, Sam!”
Well, except for one thing...
“Well, I thought you looked a bit lonely there. I didn’t want you to miss out on the fun.” The prince joins both sets of hands together and gently pushes one backwards as to guide Castiel to follow the correct moves. The melody of violins is upbeat enough to attract lots of attention, so it is not long after that they are twirling at a steady pace among a flurry of fabrics, gowns and boots. Regretfully, he can confidently say that he feels the wine kicking in. He has no idea how Dean isn’t throwing up right now.
“Cheerio! I’m off to admire my liege prince and future husband from a closer perspective. You coming? I’m a kind person and I like you, so we can share the prize if you like.” Chuckling, Anael winks and turns her back on him without delay.
Reluctantly, Castiel rolls out of bed with a deep groan and heads over to the washing basin, ever the not –so morning person that he is. He changes into his worn, simple training underclothes; a set that he holds onto dearly, being one of the last gifts he ever received from Naomi. With the soft, tan cotton swaddling his body hinted with faint traces of lavender that remind him of Naomi and better days gone by, he heads out in search of Anna to borrow a set of her larger leathers that he could wear after breakfast, when he hopefully heads out to train. Everybody was promised new leathers upon arrival, with there being an upcoming war and all, but Castiel doesn’t think he can wait any longer to get measured for a new fit, before actually doing any training. It’s like an itch under his skin and an excitement brews below his body’s surface for finally being granted a return to the activity after being locked away in a carriage for two weeks during the long journey here and then spending another week locked away in his isolated room. As giddy as he ever can be, he prances down the castle corridors to the morning meal.
Dean gulps as he hangs his head and replies in a prolonged nod.
“Oh you know, minding my own business, getting up to mischief. My nickname ain’t the Trickster for nothin’.”
“I’m not late, am I?”
“It is for you. Now get to bed Dean Winchester, you promised me training on the morrow.”
The man joins them at the table after permission to take the seat adjacent to Sam. Currently, he is occupied with trying to fasten his tan shirt correctly, fingers fiddling with the strings until Sam grows irate and helps him. All three are silent as Sam ties the piece together with a limp bow and Cas runs shaking hands through his unkempt hair in his efforts to smooth it out. He only proceeds in failing miserably and disarranging the messy strands even further. The sudden urge to run his fingers through it and fix it for him is strong and Dean has to physically focus his mind on the task at hand to prevent himself from reaching over.
, how do you like Winchester Castle so far?”
Since when does Dean Winchester do anything stupid? More like outright nonsensical and foolishly dumb would be more accurate. True to his word, Dean proceeds to leave the premises after a few minutes of snooping around and do the dumbest thing in the history of Lawrence that he was specifically told not to do.
“Um... sure,” is Castiel’s tentative reply. The entire turn of events was over so fast, he feels like he must have been dreaming - he is sure the wine had something to do with it. Confusion is still rattling his knocked brain when he spots Dean gazing into an abyss of nothing as his dark, hooded eyes fix on the floor. A frown overcomes his features as he fails to orient himself, holding out an arm’s length to steady his falling body but failing, and soon Castiel finds himself embracing a dazed, intoxicated prince.
Dean hangs his head in shame but it is gone in an instant as he schools his expression to a cunning smirk and says, “I can think of many things I’d like to watch go
He can only manage five bites despite going extremely slow, and the additional strain on his tendons cause the pain to return in crashing waves of agony onto the swelling area, much stronger than before, so he decides to just give up now before he damages it any more.
Relief floods Castiel’s features as he thinks he finally might have a chance to train with a more skilled athlete, when large, heavy footsteps thud behind him, halting his trance.
Well, it’s not like he’s ever had the chance.
Hearing the scowl she receives beside her, she adds, “and I was in my room because I got Lord Zachariah to take your brothers to bed if they got out of hand. You don’t have to handle everything yourself Cas,” she says in a sweeter voice, “and that includes this.”
“I can’t think of anything important that we would need to talk about. Now, pick up your sword.”
“’Course I did, Sam. Nobody goes back to sleep after hearing that in the morning. And don’t give me that you-should-go-to-sleep-earlier crap. I’m just not a morning person, okay?”
. That is, until one lousy, impatient brother blasts through the door, waking him from his soothing, meditating trance.
“Whatever, Bitch. Dad’s probably wondering what’s taking so long so we better get moving.” And with that the two brothers venture outside onto the brightly lit cobblestone yard, where together they will face the inevitable fate of their lives to come.
“Well, you two were sure close this morning.”
But this time, Dean looks on with a sadness to his eyes, a hint of remorse sprouting with the growing greenery, like he is seeing Castiel fully, in a different light for the first time. Castiel doesn’t think he will ever grow tired of that look. It’s surreal how they both seem to clutch with desperate strength, clawing with digging fingernails at the last hairs of hope that the night will never end. For the moment to last forever; a memory frozen in time.
“Good afternoon, Father,” is the firm greeting Dean offers in his attempts to announce his presence, without spooking the wild animal.
But as green eyes race to meet with sad, blue ones, he swears to stick by their side and help out in any way he possibly can and they will start by dealing with any false accusations first. It would be the least he could do as one of the available representatives of Lawrence.
Who is ready for some Castiel POV next?
Castiel wasn’t quite sure, but it almost looked like Dean’s eyes dimmed, immediately losing their brightness as rejection caught them before they bursted out of their sockets with hope, almost as if Dean didn’t want him to go, but then again, it was probably a trick of the light. Without another word, Castiel bode the fellow princes farewell and wished them a peaceful night of rest. When he leaves their presence, he feels empty, like he left a part of him behind in the process. It brings about an ache in his chest and he longs to go back there, to get to know these people properly, the men he will soon be fighting alongside. Because that’s what this truly is, right? Two kings penning a flock of men in one barn, readying them for slaughter on the battlefield. As much as Castiel wishes this not to be true, he knows he can’t deny it. That is why he knows he shouldn’t be getting carried away with some stupid celebration, a pretentious parade of toasts to a better life, when in full spectrum, they are just cheering on the execution of their own heads.
As the moon rises high in the clear night sky, the prince lies still as the warmth spreads through his thoughts and he falls asleep to the soft hushed breathing of his dear sister beside him. He feels safe under the covers, like a child hidden from all the monsters of the outside world. It is no secret that he is starved of affection so he naturally upon instinct reaches out for the one motherly figure in his life who is the saviour of his nation, the knight upon a white horse.
“My apologies Prince Dean, I don’t think I saw you there.”
“Let’s just say we had a friendly talk between ourselves.”
He spots Anna sitting in her usual seat and smiles when she gives a little wave. The long table is full except for the two kings and his brothers Balthazar and Gabriel, but that’s no surprise really. As soon as he settles in his chair, Anna grabs his arm wildly and to say he hasn’t seen such childish excitement in her eyes in such a long time is an understatement.
Castiel knew there was no getting out of this one. The battle was already lost when it came to an opponent as clever as Sam. All he could do was deny and pray to the Almighty to answer his silent, pleading prayers of final resort. In all honesty, there really was the slightest chance that he could just slip out of Sam’s tight grasp and get away with it. His Aunt Amara always did say that he was an excellent actor. In a final desperate attempt he decides to put on the refined mask over the years of practise when lying to his parents and try his best in his effort to fool Prince Sam. Somehow, Castiel doubts that anyone could.
“You’re useless, did you know that? If you’re done wasting my time –“
Dumbstruck, Dean sits deadly still in his seat, so Sam proceeds the conversation, starting with, “actually, we were just getting to hear Cas’ point of view just now.”
“welcome to Winchester Castle.”
“Sure thing, Samantha, it’s a date,” Gabriel sings dreamily as he skips off probably in search for another poor washerwoman to dump a bucketful of water on. Sam fails not to smile as he reflects on the day’s events and swaggers away proudly, with a fond grin splitting his face. It’s safe to say that Samuel Winchester has succeeded in another mission, though this one of friendship and fun.
Chasing her around the halls had proven of much difficulty and at a loss of what to do, Dean heads to the library where he finds Sam peacefully enjoying the tranquil quiet as he consumes the third volume of
Confusion settles on Castiel’s face as he lowers his weapon and observes his rival. Surely he must have had some training, at least knowing how to hold a sword properly? Hesitantly, Castiel makes sure anyway and speaks, “You’re holding your weapon wrong.”
His running thoughts are interrupted before he even gets halfway across the floor of swaying bodies, as a strong force pulls his arms back making him swivel and stumble into a solid, warm chest. He grabs onto the fabrics hanging loosely from the figure to steady himself but it hardly helps him keep aloft as the warm solid flesh starts violently shaking as a low bellied, loud rumble of laughter erupts from deep within said chest. It has a distantly familiar ring to it and Castiel droozily lifts his heavy swimming head as he takes into account the sharp angular face the soft full lips and the constellation of freckles in bursts across skin amongst valleys of green. Suddenly, realisation slowly fades onto his face as he acknowledges the not-so mysterious figure standing before him, only a few inches apart.
“If you don’t  mind, my prince, I wish to seek out my brother instead” he spits out bitterly, with special sarcastic emphasis on the vain prince’s title.
“Prince Sam, now why would you think that? I am simply so pleased that my younger sister can finally find the happiness she deserves.”
” interwoven with “
It had become severely less fun once they had over half the castle on their backs, chasing them around the palace halls like lunatics. It was also less assuring that Gabriel didn’t have a care in the world and would most likely get away with it much more easily than Sam. However, the pranking all paid off as Sam and Gabriel collapse on a stack of hay in a fit of laughter, surely hidden, having outsmarted the guards when straying off route to the stables.
“Yep, definitely too young. Have you seen the age difference?”
“Prince Gabriel? What are you doing here?” In all honesty, Sam should be scolding him for snooping around in the throne room but at the moment he is too shocked to spit any words out.
All appetite is lost when the merry pair plonks down at their end of table, much closer than any of them wish for. The remainder of breakfast is spent in complete silence, save for the giggling whispers of the new happy couple amongst the royal table. More than once he has to restrain Anna from launching the tightly clutched knife in her palms into the prince’s throat but he can’t blame her. With every passing minute he has to listen to that sickeningly sweet talk, he feels bile rise up the barricades of his throat no matter how many times he tries to swallow it down. He doesn’t want to make it obvious how much he hates it here right now... and the worst part? He doesn’t even know why. They are not at blame here, and even though he wants to curse Dean for what he implied that day, he cannot be at fault. Maybe it’s just him and Anna who are acting childish in this situation right now? Its funny how looking at this from a different perspective allows one to perceive one’s own wrong doings.
A dangerous drunk thought, as he knows all drunk thought to be, seems to occur to Dean and an increasingly widening grin replaces the grim expression from beforehand. Castiel doesn’t know how much wine the older prince has had but he is definitely tipsy, bordering on drunk. Castiel has a nervous feeling that this might not go as planned.
“You done rambling, kiddo? Because, no offence but you’re kinda giving me a headache, - too much thinking, you know. There are much more pressing matters that you should be worrying that pretty, little noggin of yours about, like the majority of Eden about to turn up at our doorstep.”
Determined, Castiel follows Anna into the changing room, where a whole assortment of worn, stinking leathers can be found, some he hopes he never has to wear. On the side, he locates two piles of sturdier leathers with the royal emblem in the middle of a wooden bench, and both siblings are quick to shuffle into them, strapping each other tight. Nobody is around, the room completely barren, but despite this, they deem themselves ready and head out onto the yard anyway. Surprisingly, the yard is already partially filled up with groups of soldiers standing off at the outskirts, just waiting around because most of them had already changed before breakfast. It’s a little intimidating, not knowing any familiar faces among the crowd.
“Hey, don’t you want to find out at least a bit about who we are going to be dealing with for the next few months?”
“Yeah, right.” When Gabriel realises that Castiel hadn’t been joking, he huffs out a forced laugh like he was the funniest joke he’d ever heard, and Cas was the only one who didn’t get it. Somehow, probably by the glares Castiel was shooting his way, Gabriel knew his arguments were a lost cause, so he only settled with, “Aw man, you’re no fun. I’ll leave you to sulk in your own misery, then.” Gabriel storms off, grabbing blindly at an entire flagon of wine off a nearby table on the way down, to which he gets a few cheers and slaps on the back. And so, the celebrations carry on as the night wears on.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think Dad knows how I truly feel about this situation. Sam, he expects me to play housewife, while he goes off to play the hero in some war we have been trained for our whole lives, and I still can’t be trusted with entertaining the damn guests, because god forbid I misspeak and offend one of those pristine jackasses.”
Unnecessarily loudly, Dean’s chair scrapes against the hard stone floor producing an unpleasant grinding sound that earns him attention and bitchface #17 from Sam. He can’t help it if his legs are cramped and he needs to stretch. So what if maybe some of his chair scrapes across the floor in the process and simultaneously causes the desired effect on the others?
Reassuringly, Castiel tells himself that he can do this. The army is in dire need of Anna, just as much as they are Michael, so he cannot run off to her and disrupt her teaching time. It would look childish and unprofessional, and he doesn’t want to make their family look any worse than they might already seem.
He had just finished combing through his hair when a loud, firmly pulsating knock rang through the room. He gently replaced the brush and scrambled to open the door.
“Cas, they’re letting us train! And I’m in charge of the female forces. Finally!” Anna squeals, and then proceeds to list off all her plans with her soldiers in the upcoming weeks.
They were at war. Who knew that a small dispute between two kings from faraway lands could cause a battle to commence in full scale, engaging entire kingdoms. There was much at stake here, as with any major battle, yet even the commoners knew how much of a blow this will be to the Kingdom of Lawrence.
Winchester Castle looms over their heads; a vast and stunning beast preening in the dull afternoon shimmer at the expense of the stray, ogling visitors. The architecture is stunning;  an astonishing  work of art Castiel is sure must have taken years to articulate to perfection, the amount of care taken into consideration to ensure every minute detail was to the highest of standards for the King, very clear and becoming clearer yet with every step he takes towards it.
Willing his body to finally appeal to his senses, he breaks the spell and moves to the next figure beside him, a tall, stunning goddess fashioned in silks and skins, seemingly carved by Adonis herself. She smiles courteously at the King when addressed but immediately transforms into a lioness as her gaze hunts Dean down and prowls over his body in a murderous blaze.
On the other hand, without wishing to listen anymore to Anael wasting her breath, Castiel strides in the contrary direction and steps into the middle of his room. Strolling leisurely around the dwelling, he details the rather large double bed against one wall with a sturdy oak writing desk beneath the vast window, to his avail, on the other. There is also another door on the far side which undoubtedly leads to a bathroom, Castiel guesses. The room looks bare even with all of his items, clothes and accessories piled in heavy chests against the bulky wardrobe and dresser. Not even the burning flames of the firewood could warm Castiel up to this devoid of space. It’s nothing special, and it’s certainly not home. Castiel finds himself wishing to recline upon his voluminous, feather mattress in the safety of his own room back in Eden. It’s just a constant reminder that they have come to a foreign land to war. A war which should not have been Chuck’s concern in the first place.
Sitting his phone to the side, he continues working on his lamp, the one thing he can fix. It may not be as good as new, but it still works, kind of like him, he thinks to himself.
Waking up is hard.
“Dean, there’s no reason you can’t go to the Tech School. That’s not a “Fancy College” like the one I’m going to. You wanted to be a mechanic, what happened to that?”
“Since you first asked me to steal it,” replies Dean quietly.
He scanned the parking lot when he arrived and didn't see Dean’s car. So, he beat him here, that’s all, doesn’t mean anything. Just as he was walking inside, he heard, with no small amount of relief, the low rumble that could only be Dean’s Impala, that car was unmistakable. He went on in and got them a booth in the back corner, not allowing himself to wait at the door to greet Dean.
“Trust me, gorgeous, with all the commotion going on out there, the guards will be running around everywhere,
“I just noticed them is all. I’ve never seen eyes that blue before.” Dean looks away, feeling like he could get lost in those blue eyes and the thought takes him by surprise, so he decides to change the subject, quickly, “By the way, you know that we’ve met before, right?”
“I just want to warn you, these are very graphic images. You need to prepare yourself, take a breath and when you’re ready, see if you recognize your papa in any of the pictures, alright?”
“Yeah, Dad, we know,” says Claire, “If we can’t find you and Papa, we should find either a hotel worker or someone with kids, a family to ask them for help.”
By the fifth month of dating Cas, Dean had been toying with the idea of asking him to move in. Dean’s younger brother was off at college and therefore he was living alone in a two-bedroom apartment. For about a week, after first having the idea, he had tried to convince himself that it was just because he missed having someone else there. His giant moose of a brother’s absence was hard not to notice. He tried to believe that he just wanted some company - not that he just really wanted Cas there all the time; eventually however, he had to admit to himself that yes - he just really wanted to live with his boyfriend.
“I know this is hard, but please, we need you to look at the items and tell us if anything is familiar.”
He thought about detailing what kind of pictures but just couldn’t, he hoped that Dean would understand. Then he felt guilty for bothering Dean at work. He wanted to take back the text. Within a couple of minutes, his phone rang.
“Papa! No! PAPA!” he hears Claire yell as her small hands turn him over, getting his face out of the water. He gasps for air and blinks weakly up at her, he manages to grab her tightly and take a deep breath just as another wave takes them both under.
“How ‘bout I meet you here at one-thirty?”
“Yeah, he did.” Cas replied, still in shock.
“What in heaven’s name are you doing with that?” Cas whispers.
“What?”
He presses send and waits.
“Yes. Fine. You’re not wrong. But I’m good, Charlie. I’ve been busy with classes. Engineering is a tough major.” Dean looks pleadingly at Charlie. “Why don’t you pick on Kevin for a while?”
“Jack!” She yells and takes off toward him. They are both sprinting toward each other, through a parting crowd, shouting out at the top of their lungs.
It hadn’t been a particularly heated kiss, as Dean had refrained from any hint of tongue action on principle, but it had still lit his very soul on fire. He had favoured the romantic promise held in a gentle kiss, where their lips met in graceful unison as his thumb wondered the lines of Castiel’s jaw, whispering his desires for more against the man's stubble.
Dean runs back into the closet but instantly realizes Cas isn’t there, slightly panicked he pokes his head back out the door and grabs Cas, pulling him back into the closet and into his arms.
“Hmph, you should expect some occupational hazards; after all, you did come here tonight to steal from me.”
“Cas? Are you okay? What do you mean he shared pictures and videos? Like the kind he shouldn’t have taken in the first place?” Dean sounded angry.
“My man, if we DO hear from you before Monday, you don’t deserve that hot piece of ass!” Benny laughs.
“I won’t Papa. I’ll stay right with you. Promise.”
Cas (Friday 10:47 AM) > Ishim shared videos and pictures of me.
Castiel laughs, a full bell right out loud laugh. He goes inside and grabs one of the flyers from work, writes a note on it and takes it out to the truck. He gets the attention of the man who had been in the bucket but is now standing by the truck, watching his partner climb the pole.
Castiel could barely hear what the man was saying over the thunderous sound of his own heartbeat throbbing in his ears. He could barely catch his breath because of the pain in his chest. Gradually, he got to his feet, holding out his hands to placate his boyfriend.
Cas nods shakily.
Castiel forces himself to keep moving. Slowly, he puts one foot in front of the other and follows Claire toward the large tree ahead of them.
“Hey, Sammy. Well, we made it here yesterday and the kids are already up this morning wanting to go to the beach.” He chuckles as he watches Cas change into his swim trunks, his head tilting to the side slightly to take in the still awe-inspiring sight that is his husband's ass.
“It’s you!” he signs, surprised.
Cas grabs his shoes and starts putting them on.
Cas doesn’t mean to eavesdrop but Dean is quite loud.
His fear seems to make him itch, with the desire to do something, to go out and find Castiel and Claire and not just sit there, waiting. He wants to go out and turn over every stone until he finds them. He wants to scream their names into the cooling night sky and pray that they hear him and respond. But there are injured people here, sleeping children who need rest and logically he knows that if Castiel and Claire are alive, and able… going back to the resort would be their first stop in the search for Dean and Jack.
Dean was happy for Cas, he was out of the casts and he knew how much they had bothered him, but now he was already talking about leaving, moving out... and for some reason, that made Dean inexplicably sad but he didn't want to ruin Castiel's joy at being out of the casts, so he didn't mention it.
“Cas, man. You can’t run into a fight the way you used to; you’re human now. You bleed and get hurt, too. Just like Sam and me.” Dean complains after they take out a vampire nest.
“Um, it’s my business to know that sort of thing, Mr. Novak. If I frightened you, I’m sorry. I honestly, thought you would be attending the charity event with him tonight. Big social event like that, big family name such as yours,” he says, keeping his hands up by his head, he ducks around a chair trying to get out from in front of the gun being pointed at him, “Listen, you frightened me too, so we’re even, right? So... I’ll just go.”  He backs away slowly. Cas’ eyes follow his movements, his hand raising the gun again to keep him in his sights.
“And you could get deployed somewhere dangerous.”
Cas keeps his head down while the brothers discuss Dean’s actions, he can understand getting angry with a partner, he tries not to hold it against Dean, reminding himself that he doesn’t know Michael or what his and Dean’s relationship was like.
“Not yet, but we will,” says Dean, trying to sound more confident than he actually feels.
“Don’t give it, if you can’t take it,” smirks Castiel.
“And you expect me to stay.”
Cas glares down at the dog, “Thanks for nothin’. You wore him out.”
Pausing momentarily for air, Dean huffs out a wrecked sounding, “Fuck, I missed you so much Cas.”
He squinted, trying to focus his tired eyes on the ‘thing’ he was sure had moved. Claire turned her head around to follow his gaze.
Castiel looks to where his daughter is pointing and agrees numbly. As he nods, he feels a pull in his chest and subconsciously brings his hand up, he hisses as his fingers graze over a deep wound just below his pectoral muscle, looking down at his hand, he winces as he realizes; he is bleeding badly. He holds his hand over the wound to try and stem the flow and continues to follow his daughter, stumbling slightly as he starts to feel the effects of fighting for air in the water and loss of blood.
Castiel is happy to know that Jess is doing okay and also relieved that Sam asked how he was doing, he wasn’t sure how Sam was feeling about what happened to Jess and whether he blamed him. Knowing Sam isn’t upset with him and that Jess is alright helps him relax a bit more. He looks up at Dean and is caught by his gaze. He gets lost for a moment in those bright green eyes before coming back to himself.
His phone pings.
“Cas, I’m so…”
Sammy passes by the couch and swats Dean on the head, “You’re so gross,” he sasses as he twists out of Dean’s reach.
“Jesus,” Dean collapses into a chair at the table, “I thought the house was on fire.” Dean takes a deep breath and chokes, having a coughing fit. Cas brings him a glass of water.
“J-Jack, m-my good boy,” Castiel whispers as he opens his eyes to look up longingly at his son.
As Castiel reaches his own electrifying climax, he grips the back of Dean’s neck with one hand, holding him steady as he fills him with his come. He cries out and shudders against his lover, before regathering enough of his senses to reach down between them and grip Dean’s cock, tugging it a few times, until he hears Dean calling out his name and feels Dean’s come coating his fingers.
“We’re going out, I’m not going to let you sit here all day, moping about yesterday as if it was somehow your fault.”
“Hey,” Bill nudges him, “that guy asked me to give you this.” Bill hands him a folded paper and chuckles as he packs up their gear.
’ He smiles and waves, pulling out his phone and opening the notes app.
“I need to find Dean and Jack… I promised I’d never leave him,” Castiel begins to sound panicked, frightening Claire.
“Sam, listen. I am not going to stop looking, okay?”
“Whoa, Ben, a little touchy there my man.” Dean quickly turns, grabbing Cas’s wrist. “Oh Jesus, Cas! I thought Benny had lost his mind or something.” Dean looks around, noticing that Benny is gone. “What’s up, Babe?”
Warning for the depiction of war and what Dean sees when his convoy is attacked. See endnotes for more details.
A moment later a server comes to their table, and they order another round of beers. The next thing that Dean knows, there’s Cain, standing in front of him in nothing but cowboy boots and ‘Daisy Dukes’ holding a small tray with three beers.
By mid-July, Castiel’s mom has him packing a trunk full of crap for his dorm room. Cas talks about dorms and mini-microwaves. But, he doesn’t talk about actually leaving.
“You, I, um…” Cas stumbles over his words, unable to come up with anything to say as he closes the car door behind him and turns to walk toward the cab, that was now pulling up for him.
Castiel smirks at Claire using his words back at him and squeezes her hand gently in reassurance.
“Spread your knees, baby. Let me in. You know how I want you.”
There is a knock at the door. Cas looks up from his seat next to Dean’s bed and sees his Sergeant, Bobby Singer, and Dean’s fellow firefighter, Benny Lafitte walking into the room.
On Wednesday, he needed to go pick up some groceries, so he did that on the way back after work. Once home, he put his purchases away and crashed in bed by eleven, completely exhausted. Lately, he’d been working extra shifts six days a week, only off on Sundays. He’s trying to save up to buy a new car. His old one is on it’s way out and won’t last him much longer.
He needs to do something, to search…
like cooking, huh? Who is it, Castiel? Who has your attention at that gym? If you really did go to the gym.” Ishim twists Cas’s wrist, pulling him closer.
“See you, Dean. And thank you for a great night and a wonderful morning.”
“Well, it just so happens to be
Sam cringed and glanced back to Dean’s closed door. “It’s okay, Cas. This is a small house and I’m sure Dean wasn’t quiet. It’s not even been three weeks yet since his break up. I’m surprised he’s doing as well as he is. But, Dean isn’t one to share his emotions or feelings very well. I’ll try and speak to him later.”
Cas likes the look and feel of the midsize SUVs, and figures they’re more sturdy and safer than the car he had before. Although, he’s not sure how anything would stand up to a rollover accident.
Cas smiles a comforting smile in his direction, “No, I was watching MASH.”
He is pulled from his thoughts and back to reality when he hears someone yelling for their dad, he turns on the spot. His eyes darting quickly over the many faces in the crowd as he tries to pinpoint the source of the noise, he looks across the street and his mouth drops open in shock. His eyes widen, then blink rapidly as though disbelieving what his brain is telling him is true...
Castiel moves into position, his eyes watery as he waits for Ishim to start. Just repeating to himself mentally, ‘it’ll be over soon’.
“Get me good and hard, baby, so I can give you what you need.” Ishim reaches around and probes his fingers into Cas’s already lube-slick hole. “Oh, yeah, you want it don’t you?” Ishim pushes down on Castiel’s shoulders letting him know just how he wants Cas to get him hard.
“Papa, wake up. I hear people talking down there.” She is pointing and Castiel looks in that direction, careful to keep his balance on the branch. He looks down, tearing his eyes from the sun to below the tree. He sees two men walking toward them through the destruction and sloppy mud.
She whips around, eyes zooming over blurred faces until they freeze, on the flushed face of her baby brother. Her heart fills with relief until it feels like it might spring free of her chest in an effort to get to Jack.
Dean walks into the Roadhouse Bar and scans the room. He spots a familiar head of bright red hair at a booth near the back. Heading to the bar first, he taps on the draft selection he prefers. He’s been coming in here long enough now that the bartenders understand what he wants. The bartender pulls him a pint and opens a tab. He tries to sneak up on his friends, but they’ve already seen him at the bar, although he does surprise the red-head who happened to be looking the other way when he reaches the table. She jumps and screeches his name.
“K… hold this, will ya?” Dean hands Cas his sketchbook and pencil. Cas takes them to the living room and places it in Dean’s messenger bag, then heads to the bedroom.
As his fingertips touch the cool skin of his daughter's arm and before he has a chance to grab a hold of her properly, the wave collides into them. It tears them apart under its sheer force. Castiel tries to cry out for his daughter, but instead of words coming out, water rushes into his mouth. He sputters and clamps his mouth shut as he is pulled down below the darkened waters surface.
“No? Well, was he not there - where Benny told’ja he’d be?”
Castiel lays on the floor, laughing as the troupe of puppies lick and paw at him. Dean watches and videos the whole thing.
“Hey, this won’t mess up your idea on the rear fender will it?” Dean shows Cas his sketch.
Cas checked the time again and he had thirty minutes before he had to leave, great. He finished putting away the clothes he’d pulled out and went to the kitchen to give it a good wipe down. Surely, that would waste some time and use up some of his pent up energy. Finally, it was time to go. He grabbed his keys, wallet, and phone and headed out to his truck.
Cas leans over to kiss Dean on the forehead before he gets up and goes to the bathroom to get a wet cloth. He cleans himself and takes the cloth back to the bedroom and gently wipes Dean clean. He tosses the cloth to the floor and climbs back into bed with Dean, snuggling up behind him and wrapping his arm around his waist, their legs tangling together.
“... Dean?”
Ishim pushes in without any foreplay and sinks down to the root. Gripping Castiel’s hips tight. Castiel grits his teeth before letting out a breath as he tries to adjust to the intrusion. Ishim already pulling out and jerking back in, fucking him roughly. Castiel manages to adjust and tries to get more comfortable, and hopefully get Ishim to graze his prostate. Ishim slaps him hard across his butt cheek. Cas lets out a pained cry. Ishim grunts and pulls Castiel back against him as he fucks into him, slamming them together forcefully. Ishim pauses and slaps Cas’s other cheek, hard. Cas cries out again, he hates it when Isham ‘spanks’ him, he hadn’t when they had first got together, but back then the smacks had been much gentler, now each one would leave a red handprint on his behind. He felt sure that the man just wanted him to hurt.
They take their time with lunch, then they drive over to Ishim’s house. Cas is nervous as they approach the house, he remembers the night he left and how angry Ishim was. He shakes his head and forces his nerves down, looking at Dean and thinking about how Dean is there for him in all this. Cas looks down at the keys in his hand, they feel so heavy all of a sudden. He takes a deep breath and unlocks the door to let them in.
“Dammit, Casey. You’re disturbing a real good thing here.” He grouses and pushes her back, “Go lay down.”
“No, babe, that fits with the attitude of the bike.”
“You first.” Dean agrees and kisses Cas on the cheek.
“What about Claire? And Jack? W-we can’t leave them, Dean they’re only b-babies…. They need-d us.” He wheezes out slowly between labored breaths, his hand is weakly clutching at Dean’s arm. As if he is trying to get Dean to understand how desperately he needs the kids to be ok.
“Just drop it.” Dean grunts, he gets up and scrapes the rest of his dinner into the trash before rinsing his plate. He left them and stomped to his room, closing the door behind him with a little more force than necessary.
Dean sniffs and straightens up, calming himself down enough so that he can speak to Sam again, properly.
Cas squats down to greet Casey when she comes running over, “What do you think, girl? You want a nice fence to keep you safe?”
Casey perks up her head and eyes Dean.
“Oh fuck, baby. So fuckin’ hot. Look. Come here.”
Cas watches the small creature struggle to breathe and move on the sand. He kisses the tip of his finger and gently touches the slimy fish on its head. “Be brave little fish.” He says as he stands to follow his brother.
Dean pulls back, feeling breathless, he needs to keep his head in the game. He strokes his thumb lightly over Castiel’s face, giving him one final peck on the lips before telling him to wait while he quickly looks out the door again, at the painting. The lights of the alarm are off. The guards had actually disabled the security system. He hurries back into the tiny room feeling immense disbelief and stares at Cas in amazement.
Ishim rubs his hand under Castiel’s belly to his dick. “Aw, you didn’t come. Do you wanna come, Cas?”
Dean glares up at Benny, “What are you talking about?” He says before taking an aggressive bite of his burger.
Dean shakes his head, “Can’t sleep.” He glances to his left and smiles down at their daughter Claire, who had her headphones on and was absorbed in some handheld video-game contraption thing that Dean had no idea how to use. He looks past her and out of the plane window, they were somewhere high above the South China Sea now, his face paling, he turns away from the window and looks back at Castiel.
, that I’d share.”
“Claire,” says Castiel quietly, “don’t let them take you away from me. Ok? We need to stay together.”
Bill grumbled when Dean turned down the wrong street.
“I come home to an empty house and you think I want to
Cas still made the best grades and seemed to be able to make straight A’s without even studying. He was still basically a loner, now he just wore all black and let his hair grow out. His only real friend was the same kid he'd been friends with since grade school, a scrawny little nerd who skipped a grade, named Sam.
Dean points to his ear and shrugs his shoulders. Why would a deaf person need a radio? It’s not like he can sit around and listen to music. He has a great TV and excellent gaming set up.
Dean turns slightly and brings his hand up to lace his fingers with Cas’s at his waist, “Me neither. Maybe next time we disagree we will do better and even use our words.”
“I had to Gabe; I shot him in the arm with that pistol you keep upstairs. It was an accident… I think.”
“Castiel, you know I don’t like being angry with you.” Ishim sits on the bed next to Castiel, slowly reaching out and takes his injured wrist in hand placing kisses along his forearm. Working his way up Castiel’s arm to his neck and finally gently kissing his cheek then lips. The kiss is soft and yet full of want.
“No, I’m low on gas.” Dean replies from the comfort of the couch.
“That’s true.” Cas says, catching the sharp intake of breath that Dean takes, he hurries on, “but it doesn’t make the mugging your fault, Dean. It was something that happened after you left. I waited outside that bar for my ride, like an idiot.”
“Did you pop a boner?”
“Two weeks!” Cas squeaks.
(See the end of the chapter for
They wait in silence for closing time and for the guards to clear out the gallery. At the sound of the bell, which marks the shutting time of the gallery, all the patrons leave while Cas and Dean stand back, trying not to draw attention to themselves. Dean takes his brochure and puts a handful of coins inside it. He walks over to a table nearby and carefully places the brochure on top of it before heading back to Castiel. “Watch for normal human reaction.”
During lunch, Cas blushed every time Dean spoke to him or even looked at him. Dean gently teased him, enjoying watching the younger boy’s face and ears color. Dean had never realized how attractive Cas was, he always knew that he didn’t look like his older brother — which Dean thought was a good thing. Not that Gabe was ugly, just not what Dean thought of as attractive, besides Gabe’s personality clashed with Dean’s way too often.
“You stand correct in saying that. But I must say that I have heard many valiant stories about your gallant self in knighthood, am I wrong?”
Sure, he knew this had been coming, but trust his father to spoil the mood right before the guests are due to arrive. As if on cue, one of the lookout boys announces that a large Edenish procession has been spotted just outside the bridge, and actions have taken place to confirm their identity and let them pass.
“May I present His Royal Highness Chuck Novak and his seven children,” booms the loud voice of the herald, officially confirming that all of Dean’s nightmares are becoming reality. Dread engulfs his numb, throbbing body as the Winchesters witness each Novak steadily climb out from the grand, colossal chariot emblazoned with sparks of lustrous gold which catch the light with the slightest movement.
“Nobody...” Anael starts, but after seeing the harsh, questioning look he gives her, she resigns to just telling the truth. “Okay, fine, he’s one of the stable boys, but you cannot tell anybody. Promise me, Cas.” She wears a hopeless look of despair and her eyes shine in the candlelight. Cas knows that at weak times like these, when she feels the most vulnerable, his sister often spills too much information, so he keeps quiet. He may just feel a slight pang of empathy and guilt for using her like this to get information, if he wasn’t so curious about the situation himself.
“Just stick it in a hole in a place nobody will see you,” he says, like it’s that easy. Maybe his brother just doesn’t pay attention to any of the hundreds of servants and handmaidens that busy around the castle grounds. It’s not like any of them pay attention to them anyway. Unless you’re a certain prince who is looking out for a secluded spot in which to relieve yourself of sexual desires. If he brought some outsider into the castle, then there would surely be at least one person who would spot them and inform his family. Besides, bringing them into the bedroom is a definite no go but he is running low on options. Masturbating in the stillness of his own bedroom works for only a short while; it’s just not the same as having the heat of a heavy body pressed against him.
“From what I’ve heard it’s got somethin’ to do with some maid. The poor bird must’ve seen somethin’ she shouldn’t have because she won’t speak to anyone. Just sits there cryin’ her eyes out.”
The explicit and purposeful pause has the desired effect and Sam is quick to fill it with, “no you don’t have to explain yourself, I get it. I mean, our family hasn’t always been on the best of terms either, so I know now that we should have put in a little more effort to save what little we had left of each other.” Sam rambles on, relaying all their family arguments, but the good times too. It is actually a rather comforting conversation to have, and Castiel feels all his worries slightly fade as they share their familial recounts of recent years, like when visiting the countryside, the fun, busy market when it’s set up in the summer, and other trips around the kingdom. Castile almost feels guilty for fooling the younger man, but he figures Sam still has many years to learn. Besides, they are both really eager to learn about each others’ kingdoms, so they both promise to describe every minute detail of their favourite places, monuments or landmarks. It awakens Castiel’s fond desire of visiting the entire Lawrencian Kingdom. And that is how the night passes by, the two princes sitting together peacefully, smiling at the fond memories brought forward from the hidden, buried crevices in their minds.
Castiel smiled gratefully and nodded his head, “I will, thank you.”
“Dean,” growls Cas heatedly, as he opens his eyes once more to concentrate on winning his battle with the lock, “I can’t focus when you do that, and unless you want to do this on the front step…”
“As soon as we find them, we’ll go home. We just have to keep looking a little bit longer.”
“Yeah.” Dean kisses Cas’s palm just as the waitress brings their meals. Dean drops Cas’s hand and grabs his burger, taking a big bite and hums in delight, “Ohmygodsogood.” He mumbles around a mouthful of food, shoving in a fry along with the partially masticated burger.
“Say, Cassie? This tall, green-eyed roughion, he didn't molest you in any way, did he?”
There were a few more games of twister before people got bored with the game, and it's not long before Gabe was standing in the center of the den with an empty bottle. Everyone gathered in a large circle around the room.
“Be still, whore. You’re going to make my picture blurry.” Cas hears Ishim’s phone snap a few pictures.
“Ugh, really? You know the guy gets on my last nerve. I’d rather hang out with you kids than with Gabe.”
“HA!!” Sam laughed loudly, “Dean, you lost! Cas is the winner!”
Ishim hits his rear again and again, hard on each cheek. Then fucks into him jerky and uncomfortably rough.
Soon enough, Gabe came out with party games. They started with twister. Dean, Rhonda, Cas, and Tom got picked for the first round. Tom fell first, then Rhonda, leaving Cas and Dean for the challenge to win.
There is a sad feeling in his gut, a new permanence to the end of things with Michael. He angrily blinks away the tears which are threatening to fall. He’s done crying over someone who treated him like shit.
Finally, Cas wins the struggle with the door and they stumble into Cas’s apartment together. Dean kicks the door shut and turns Castiel around in his arms so that he can continue his passionate attack on Cas’s mouth. He licks into it as though Castiel is a drug and he is the addict, moaning at how good it makes him feel. His hands rise up to cup Cas’s face and neck and then slide back a little so that his fingers can curl into Castiel’s hair.
“I think cleaning it will be about all we can do for now,” says Dean.
Charlie slaps his arm. “That was today? Are you okay?” She asks as she signs to him.
The other boy scrambles out of the back of the truck and runs with Jack across the road, weaving around the throngs of people, to a small grove of trees. Jack relieves himself as the other boy keeps an eye between him and the truck. The boy waves to his dad, who waves back, clearly relieved that they had stayed within his line of sight.
“Bro, sixteen is the best age to have a party. You get to have a
Castiel looks down at his hands, frowning. “I thought you were coming out East with me. I thought you wanted to stay together.”
“Going home.” Castiel grouses, not looking at Dean.
“You should have seen how he was carrying on when I was dressing his wound. I wouldn’t have wanted him to get an infection, but he was a bit of a baby about it.”
He lowers his hand down, deliberately passes Dean’s now fully erect cock and finds his balls, he begins to massage them whilst grazing his teeth along Dean’s flesh. Shifting to one side after a few moments, so that he can work his mouth down Dean’s collarbone all the way down to his chest while still paying tortuously slow and tormenting attention to his balls. He finds one of those hard nubs on Dean’s chest and sucks it into his mouth, orbiting around it with his tongue.
“That’s incredible! I had no idea Dean and Benny were on the scene of your accident.” Sam and Dean don’t usually talk about any of Dean’s runs because of patient privacy unless it's something really gross that Dean wants to tease Sam with. “Well, you’re welcome to make yourself at home and if there is anything I can do to make it a bit easier for you, let me know. Oh, also, we keep a pad on the fridge for the grocery list, so feel free to add to it if there is something you want us to pick up.”
The volunteer is by her side in an instant, shushing her and wrapping an arm around her shoulder, “Alright, alright… that’s enough. It’s okay, you’re okay.”
“Onward you heathens! To the pole dancers!” She calls as she skips to the front door of the club. They find a table mid-room and Charlie waves down a server as they take a seat.
On the ride home, Gabe would not stop pestering Cas about Dean.
“Good girl, Casey.” Dean praises her. “Casey. Go find my keys.” He lets go of her lead, and she stares at him for a moment. “Keys, Casey. Go find my keys.”
“Fine. I hear you, Cas. I won’t be nice to anyone but you for the rest of the night.” Dean says, like the super mature adult he is. He looks away from Castiel and picks up his beer taking a long draught and wondering how to get things back on track.
Dean sees Cas’s state of undress and immediately strips out of his shirt and shucks his jeans, dropping his boxer briefs on the floor as he crawls into bed.
“Yea, I gotta bring Sammy anyway. I may as well stay and make sure you don’t cause too much trouble.”
“You’re like a fucking heater. And I gotta piss.” Ishim gets up to leave the room. “Oh, you need to get up and clean the mess you made,” He points to the floor at the foot of the bed. “You may as well change the sheets, too, you got come everywhere.”
The voice of a child yelling her name.
Castiel slowly, unsteadily moves back onto the bed. Ishim wrapping his arm around him, pulling him close.
. Everyone always bosses him about like he doesn’t have a mind of his own. Maybe they actually think his mind has ran away somewhere ever since that incident.
At that, Castiel nods and stepping out, twists his body so he can shut the door. However, turning back around, he realises his fatal mistake because he finds himself face to face with Dean Winchester, sucked into another world of fresh, spring trees and meadows of tall grass in his eyes. They share the same air.
Enjoy!! :)
Had she meant that? Will she keep seeing that boy? They can get into deep trouble with the royal family if they ever find out. Does she really think she can get away with it? Either way, it’s for the better if he doesn’t tell anyone for his own sake, and just pretends like he never payed her a visit that night. A few more straggling thoughts keep his mind occupied for a couple more hours until his eyes finally close from exhaustion, and this time, they give up to the enclosing devoid of darkness, knocking him out as the sun rises early on the horizon.
In all honesty, he would prefer to stick with his brothers and sisters. Every person he has met after that point in life has been a pain, annoyingly undermining and approaching with caution like he is a ticking bomb. That’s why he is forever glad to have Anna and Gabriel. They see him for what he truly is, they know his internal struggles and they don’t judge him even if they hear rumours about him all the time. But then again, they are officially informed of his condition and are intellectuals of some sort (Gabriel not so much) so they obviously know that there isn’t anything wrong with him.
“and I’m afraid I might be going away.”
, he tells himself every night, particularly after a rather extended period of training
Michael is quick to excuse himself, claiming his need for rest in order to deliver his promise of starting soldier training at sunrise. Uriel is also quick to follow in his brother’s lead, and reclines to his room because he feels too tired. Castiel feels almost jealous of them, but he knows that somebody has to look after Gabriel and Balthazar one way or another. With a loud, sarcastic huff, Castiel reclines in his seat, happily to just watch the fun from afar, when Gabriel starts poking the flesh of his forearm.
(See the end of the chapter for
He watches the man don safety gear and attach spikes to his boots. He stares openly as the man bends to tighten the gear. Castiel is still gawking wide-eyed when the man stands up and winks at him before turning to begin his climb up the pole.
Castiel’s eyes close tiredly as he gives Dean’s hand a gentle squeeze.
Castiel thought,
“You’re not my mother, Cas!”
“She’s definitely true to her breed.”  Cas chuckles when the dog tires of playing and lays on the top step with her head on the patio, relaxing in the shallow water.
“I said, this is a surprise,” the man smiles.
Dean still having a bit of a hard time and swallows around the dryness in his mouth and throat, “Me too,” he manages, “Um, you looked amazing up there just now.”
“No, but you are the man for me. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you since you kissed me. I’ve never felt a spark like that before. I think we would be great together, I think we should get married in Europe. What do you say?”
At one point in class, the instructor tells Dean to lay on the floor. He’s done this before, but Cas has never experienced it, so it’s hard for Dean not to be excited. Dean lays on the floor and is unresponsive to Casey’s attention. She whimpers, licks, and gently paws at him - he ignores it all, laying still with his eyes closed. Casey rears up and lands her front paws against his neck and yowls, but Dean continues to ignore her. She lays down and nuzzles her nose against his chest and huffs, nudging him. Suddenly, she jumps up and runs over to Cas, growling and sneezing doggy huffs at him as she prances around his feet to get his attention. She barks and bites his pants, pulling at him until he moves toward Dean. She yips and leads the way, running back and forth checking on Dean and hurrying Cas. When Cas kneels beside Dean, Casey lays down against Dean’s legs with her head on his thigh and watches Cas rouse Dean. The exercise is over when Dean sits up and praises Casey. Cas gives her a treat and scratches behind her ears.
The angels face fell slightly, something only Sam and Dean would have been able to pick up on from years of interacting him. “It’s… interesting. Difficult. Some of the angels want me to return permanently but many others think I should never be allowed to enter Heaven again.” Cas chose his words carefully, his eyebrows tenting in concentration.
It only took three turns, all perfect plays on Castiel’s end, for Dean to realize that he would not be winning the game of pool. Castiel was playing as stripes, and he had already managed to nearly clear the table of all striped balls. Dean grumbled and pouted his lower lip out petulantly. “How is it even possible for someone who never plays pool to be this good at pool?” He whined, chalking up his pool stick to stall because he knew he was losing. “I should’ve had you hustling pool this entire time. Me and Sammy wouldn’t even need to steal credit cards anymore.” Castiel felt a small smile pull at his lips. He knew that Dean wasn’t really upset, but he was… adorable. When Dean acted like this, childish and unapologetically himself, the urge to kiss him was almost too much. Not just to kiss him, but to
“Was that dream about Cas?” Sam had dropped his smirk and was looking at Dean with sincere puppy eyes that made Dean’s skin crawl. Dean knew what those puppy eyes were accusing him of.
Dean stumbled into consciousness with a migraine, and the taste of cheap liquor still leaving a fuzzy film in his mouth. He rubbed his eyes, thankful that the bunker was underground and the only light was from a small bedside lamp. Like always, the first thing that popped in his head was Cas. Always Cas. Always a litany of "what ifs". What if he would have kissed him before The Empty took him? What if he would have been more attentive, and found out about the deal earlier? What if he would have told Cas he was in love with him years ago? Dean crawled out of bed, not caring that he was in the same dirty sweatpants and henley that he had been in for days, and he stumbled his way into the kitchen.
Sam just nodded, immediately going for the boat across the dock from
underneath him. “I didn’t think angels did the dirty.” He forced himself to ask, and cursed internally over the fact that his voice is much too high.
“We don’t have to do this, Cas.” His voice is hoarse.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean said softly, taking the jar. Cas just nodded, continuing to stand in his doorway awkwardly. Dean decided now was just as good as any time to start toeing the line and see if Cas liked guys. Dammit. Why did Sam and Benny always have to be right. “Hey, so uh, I just got done cooking dinner. And I’m kinda used to cooking for two or three people so I definitely have too much. You can stay, if you want.”
“Good morning, Molly.” He said pleasantly, politely sliding his phone back in his pocket.
“Oh son of a bitch! Dammit, Cas! Our first case in forever, and its right smack dab in the middle of a Queer Eye episode?” Dean started storming towards the diner, and Sam followed him, still chuckling. A man walked past them, clearly eye fucking Dean and he groaned loudly, making Sam start laughing all over again. “I’m glad this is real fucking funny for you, Sam. I feel like I’ve been touched inappropriately with someone’s eyes.” Sam was laughing even harder, and Dean stopped again, narrowing his eyes and setting his jaw. “Wanna tell me what’s so fucking funny?” The mark tingled slightly due to his irritation.
-“ Dean snorted at the boat name. “-propeller and I don’t know why I expected him to handle the situation.”
The look Cas was giving him was enough to make his skin crawl. No one had ever looked at Dean the way the angel before him always looked at him. It often reminded him of how Sam looked at him when they were younger, like Dean was the most amazing and awe inspiring person on earth. But it was more. Like he was worth something, like he was
He slapped down two tens on the counter and gestured to pump one. Yeah, gas was gas. But he honestly didn’t feel like this place was worthy of getting to completely fill up the sleek, black car, so he would top her off at a place that at least seemed cleaner and more welcoming. The cashier took his money without saying a word and shoved it into his register before going back to watching the small, outdated television he kept behind the register. Dean shot him a look and stepped back outside. Now he wasn’t the only one occupying the parking lot. There was a rough looking guy about his age now leaned against the side of the building, flicking his lighter over and over again, attempting to light up a cigarette. Dean watched him a few attempts before feeling bad for him, and offered the man his own lighter.
“I really do. I think he’s definitely happier here than he was when he was bouncing back and forth between here and Heaven.” Sam took a sip of his beer and tried to nonchalantly direct his attention back to the tv. “Especially since you’re back.”
“You… you want me to be your mate.” Dean state slowly, trying to wrap his head around what Vera had just said.
Dean held his gaze with Cas a few more moments before picking up his sheet of paper. He was gripping the page to tightly that it was wrinkling around his hands. “Um, uh, I guess I shouldn’t drink as much. My liver has got to be shot.” Sam pursed his lips and Castiel didn’t mention that he healed all of Dean every time he healed him. “I guess I should eat a little better. Before you say something, Sam, I’m not eating rabbit food like you all the time. I’m just… I don’t know. I could cut back on some stuff. I’m not exactly young anymore. Uh, and um…” He put the paper down and glared down at it before looking at Castiel. “Earlier, Cas told me that I need to be more accepting of the fact that I deserve good things. And the thing is, I’m a fuck up. I’m constantly fucking up. But all of us, we’ve collectively screwed up more times than I can count. And I think Cas is right, because I know that the two of you-“ His eyes flickered to Sam, “-both deserve good things in life. So maybe…” He groaned and closed his eyes, leaning his head back dramatically. “Maybe sometimes I deserve good things too.” When he finally opened his eyes and looked back over, Castiel beamed at him. He was proud of Dean. He would tell him later when Sam was not around, because he knew that it would embarrass him so much that he wouldn’t even want to accept the praise. Dean tried to fight the smile creeping across his lips at Castiel’s reaction, but failed miserably, and Castiel was overwhelmed by the urge he had to kiss the shyness from Dean’s face. “That’s it.” Dean said, holding up his hands. “That’s all I got.”
he’s dead, or at least hope he’s never planning on showing his face in Heaven again. But he’s also the only remaining archangel that’s not locked in a cage in Hell, so if you search for him, you must be careful, Castiel. Gabriel doesn’t want to be found, and with you refusing the throne, the other angels are looking for someone to lead Heaven. He’s been lax in covering his tracks here lately, so I’ll keep an eye out for you. I’ll only contact you when it’s safe to search for him.”
They both opened their mouths to speak at the same time but then closed them to let the other speak. Dean still hadn’t moved and Castiel could hardly breathe. Dean still hadn’t moved his leg and his lips were just mere inches from Castiel’s and he wasn’t
“Then why are you leaving so quickly? I can sense that you’re feeling very awkward.”
“I know.” Dean sighed. “Can it not wait a few hours? It’s almost morning, and according to our own research, the spirit only attacks during the dead of night. We won't even have time to find the body and burn it before it'll be daylight and we'll have some serious 'splaining to do. Let's just let Sam sleep and do it tonight.”
“We’re rusalka.” Dean just blinked at her, and really wish he spent more time in the bunker’s library like Sam. Vera hissed in annoyance, her scales glowing brighter in irritation. “Slavic water nymphs.”
One of the things I've been working on the most with my writing is detail (the other being characterization) and because of this, the violence in this chapter is (hopefully) very graphic.
“As you already know, this is my room.” Dean said, waving a hand at his closed bedroom door. “And you can have this one.” He added as he stopped in front of the next room down.
It was biting off far more than he could chew. Cas was his best friend, he was an angel… and he had a male vessel. Dean cringed at the thought of considering it a vessel, especially since he knew it had been long since Jimmy Novak had clocked out of the body, and that it strictly belonged to Cas now. It wasn’t just a meat suit anymore, it was
“What do you think?” Dean asked, once again hauling him back in by his shirt. He felt Cas smile into the kiss, and he tried to ignore the fluttering in his stomach. Now that his brain had caught up to the party, Dean pulled out all the tricks, tilting his head just right to deepen the kiss before hesitantly teasing Cas’ lips with his tongue. Dean could taste the lingering fruit of sangria, and he moaned when Cas’ mouth opened up for him. It was clear that Cas was inexperienced and unpracticed, but he was a quick learner, his tongue meeting Dean’s with fervor.
Five minutes into the return from commercial break, Cas found himself rolling his eyes so dramatically that he just allowed his head to fall back against the back of the couch with a sigh. Dean glared at him for a moment before looking back at the show. The doctor referred to as Doctor Sexy was back in this scene, and Cas watched as Dean squirmed a little at his presence and his pupils dilated slightly. Doctor Sexy was arguing with a petite female with tears in her eyes.
“You look like shit.”
It was Cas. Even though he was completely cocooning himself in his wings, Dean knew immediately. He could see that one of the wings was badly broken and hung limply around Cas, and that there were numerous deep cuts in both wings. There were areas where the feathers were completely missing, and he could just barely see a part of Cas’ foot peeking out from the feathers. It too, was covered in blood. It was stupid and reckless, but Dean immediately released his grip on the demon blade and didn’t even glance down as it hit the floor. His feet carried to him on the cage in autopilot, physically shoving Sam out of the way. His brother grumbled something about trying to pick the lock, but Dean didn’t care. “Cas?” He croaked.
Noah took a gulp of his coffee, making a face at the fact that it had already become lukewarm in the cold January air. “They claimed their hotel room was haunted and that a spirit tried to harm them. I wasn’t buying it either at first. They told me they were doing some dumb internet challenge where you try to summon some guy named Charlie. I saw the empty fruit punch jugs and liquor bottles and about dismissed them until I saw one of the pencils sticking out of the wall.” When Dean raised his eyebrows questioningly, Noah quickly ran all three through the game and what relevance the pencil had. When he was done, he sighed. “I can’t really see how they would be able to shove the pencil that far in the wall without breaking it, or why they would have, and they were all completely spooked. They begged the hotel staff to move their room, but the entire hotel was sold out because it’s on the same property as the convention center. I checked in on them this morning and told them that some officers might be stopping by today and asked them if they would be okay with the officers checking out the room without them being there. They hadn’t slept a wink and looked relieved to know that someone would be stopping by again and that they were being taken seriously.”
Dean finally looked up, clearly relieved that Cas hadn’t zeroed in on his comment. “I don’t know. ‘Cupid’s Arrow’ has to be the shittiest dating app ever. You have to fill out all these questions, and based on how you answer them, it determines if you’re compatible with anyone else. You have to match with them at least 60% to even be able to message them.” He snorted. “I think the highest percent I had with someone was like 40-something? It’s a waste of time.” He made sure to fix Sam with a hard stare along with that last line.
Ivan nodded but still a little looked uncertain. “There have always been tales of our species using humans when our numbers have started to dwindle. He can still be used regardless, but that mark he carries… it should only help at making the offspring stronger.”
“C’mon, Cas. Calm down.” Dean nudged him and took a sip of his beer, trying to maintain the tipsiness he had earned earlier. He gave Cas a charming grin when the angel glowered at him.
someone?
“Adam was a volunteer for the gay pride parade that’s starting tomorrow. He was really excited about finally getting off the waiting list and being able to help the cause, especially since he’s so young.” Dean glanced down at his notes and frowned deeply. The kid had only been 19. “He decided to stay at the hotel since it’s practically in the middle of the festival. It was easier than having to drive back and forth all weekend. The pride parade is a very big deal in this town, especially since this is the south. It was the first town in Virginia to hold a parade. People come from all over the state. Adam signed in a few days early to help set up the streamers and flags… he was just so happy…” Mrs. Brayden started crying again, and Cas’ eyes were wide, having no clue how to respond.
Dean opened his eyes, not even realizing he had closed them. “Stop what?”
Castiel scoffed. “As you know, that didn’t end up being much of a date, Dean.” Regardless, he began undoing the top couple of buttons on his shirt. Dean’s eyes tracked the movement and he could tell the hunter was holding his breath. Cas wanted to question him, but he licked his lips and made eye contact again.
Sam swallowed hard in disbelief and replied without even looking up. "I- I got a text. From Eileen."
“They weren’t always” Cas answers sadly. Dean didn’t push the matter when Cas hangs his head in shame, allowing it to hit the pillow, but he would be lying if he said he wasn’t dying for more answers. “They were gold, an incredibly rare color. They were beautiful.”
“You’re right, it’s not.” Dean responded. Sam fixed him with a bored look. Dean sighed. Sam cared about Cas too. Dean wasn’t the only one worried. “I’m not exactly sure how he is, Sammy. He’s talking to me, which is more than what he was doing yesterday.” Dean’s knuckles were turning white around the bottle of antiseptic he was holding. “It’s just so fucked, you know? Human aren’t even supposed to
Castiel felt his eyes shoot wide and his vessel’s heart rate speed up. “This isn’t something you can help me with.” He finally responded after searching for his words carefully.
“Maybe he got sick from you.” Cas offered, looking at Dean.
“That’s what you got out of all of this?” Sam accused judgmentally.
Sam placed the pipe on his lap and took a deep breath. He just hoped he was right about the spirit of Charlie not being malevolent. “Charlie, Charlie, are you there?” He stared at the paper. Nothing happened. He sighed and stood up, turning to put the pipe back on a shelf when he felt the rooms temperature drop. A gust of mysterious wind burst through the room, causing the paper to fly up and smack him in the face. When he pulled the page away from his face, he nearly choked at the sight of fiery red hair, thick rimmed glasses, a mischievous grin and a Griffindor t-shirt. “Ch-Charlie?” he spluttered.
here now. You don’t have to ask to use anything, unless it’s something that personally belongs to me or Sam.” Cas nodded, his mouth a thin line of concentration. “You’re making me uncomfortable. You gotta relax, man. Here, gimme a sec.” Dean walked out of the room and came back a few minutes later carrying a coat rack that he had seen in the storage room of the bunker a few days ago. “Here.” He said, placing it in the corner of the room. “Now you can take off your trench coat and stupid suit jacket. You know, get comfy.” Cas hesitated for a moment, but eventually stood up and stripped himself of both jackets, hanging them both carefully.
Dean flinched. “We’ll have to lose you again.” He stated angrily. It wasn’t a question. He knew the answer, and he was bitter about it. Sam couldn’t blame him, but at least this time they would get to say goodbye, at least this time they would get closure.
They held eye contact until Sam cleared his throat. “It’s getting dark. I’m going to start marking this place up with a demon trap.” He said, opening the Impala’s passenger side door and clamoring out.
“Wh-what?” Dean spluttered. This dude was trying to sell
“Dean…” Cas choked out as the Tulpa, tightened its clawed fingers around his throat and tried to fight Dean off using its free arm and tail. Dean was a blur of rage, getting knocked and immediately shooting back up to keep fighting, the mark turning him into a machine that only focused on death and destruction. Castiel, fearing that Dean would lose himself to the mark, he did the only thing he could think to do. He slammed his open palm to the creature’s chest and spoke. “A elo de arezodi gahalana Lucifer orcaha zodmv lusd a grace de ge amayo bolape erm elasa!”
“Dammit, Cas! Stop using your grace to win. That’s not fair.” Dean pouted.
“God dammit! Is it too much to ask for a simple salt and burn these days?” Dean growled in response.
hadn’t found any record of the body. They had been looking through death records, obituaries, even random newspaper articles about Briar Cliff Inn, and nothing was pointing them in any sort of direction.
“Because the nature of the demonic activity is what has me intrigued. I made a few calls to a few hunters in the areas where the activity is happening in clusters-“ Sam pointed to the screen, “-and the demons are kidnapping people and trying to get information out of them. They usually smoke out when hunters show up, not even bothering to put up a fight.” Dean took his eyes off the computer screen to look at his brother, his raised eyebrows encouraging Sam to keep going. “All these demons are looking for a witch. They’re looking for Rowena.”
Dean’s wrists pulled against the handcuffs as he momentarily forgot his restraints. “What? No, Cas, if you wouldn’t have been there I would’ve killed Sam. How could this be your fault?”
“- and I’ve learned to…. Crave touch. Then when I was held captive by Magnus, the only time I was ever touched involved pain. It… it’s made me a little nervous, Dean. It’s nothing you’ve done.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes and glared at the mark as if it would do either of them any good. He hoped Ariel was able to confirm whether or not Gabriel was still alive. Removing the mark was still Castiel’s main focus, even if Dean kept being dismissive about it and was being incredibly suspicious about what he was doing to keep his urges at bay. Castiel still wondered what Dean was doing to tame the effects of the cursed mark. He hadn’t had anymore outbursts, and seemed to be doing much better, and Castiel knew that breathing exercises and meditation wouldn’t be enough to combat something so ancient and evil. Dean was doing
Dean was so fucked.
“And no one at all has ever touched yours, right?” Castiel shook his head no. “So…is it like a sin for me to touch them or something?”
Dean opened his mouth but stopped himself from speaking. He traced his finger around the rim of his glass, thinking. He wanted what he was about to say to come out right, and he wasn’t exactly sure how to say it. “I uh….I was kind of a dick to you when I met you at the Farmer’s Market.” When Dean looked up from his glass, Cas was staring at him with a raised eyebrow. “I was kinda pissed about being stung, but I think I’ve been angrier about the whole move. My mom died-“ he stopped himself swallowing. Cas didn’t need his full life story the first time they hung out. He wasn’t trying to scare him off. “My family life hasn’t always been the best. For a long time, Sam and I were all each other had. It just feels kinda weird knowing that he doesn’t need me anymore. I guess I’ve been having a hard time dealing with that.”
.” Dean growled, avoiding Cas’ eyes. “What did you find?”
Sam nodded. “Dean, you check out the footage. I’m going to scope out the bar and see if I can find any hex bags.”
Dean found himself watching Cas more than he was watching the television. Cas had easily fallen down the rabbit hole of binge watching the show and was so focused on every character and what they offered to the overall storyline. Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t find it a little endearing, especially when he almost immediately picked up on the fact that Jim was in love with Pam. Dean smiled, watching Cas’ bright blue eyes laser focused on the screen. On the rare occasion that he would blink, Dean would admire how his long, delicate eyelashes fanned out. He took in every detail of Cas’ profile, from his full lips, to his angular nose, to his messy hair. Castiel was beautiful. And sure, Dean had noticed it before. Despite how
“Jesus, Dean. Watch out.” He grumped, managing to catch his water bottle before it hit the ground. He looked over Dean, with a raised eyebrow and a smirk. Dean responded to the look with confusion until he realized that he hair was probably a mess from running his fingers through it, he was flushed, and- “Ew, dude.” Sam said scrunching his nose up in disgust when he realized Dean’s dick was trying valiantly to fill out because he had a half-naked angel waiting on him in bed.
Sam quickly packed a bag and headed for the door while Dean kicked his feet up on the map table, his last beer in his hand. He was so sick of having to buy more alcohol, of needing it just to get through the day when he wasn't on a hunt. Sam stopped just shy of the staircase. "You know, Jack could still bring him back. Have you tried praying-"
Dean made his way over to the usual booth he sat in and plopped down angrily. He understood that Sam’s heart was in the right place and he was just trying to be a good brother, but he wasn’t in the mood to hear any of it after last night. The dream would have never happened had he never had to abuse Djinn magic if he didn’t have the mark. He really wasn’t in the mood to be lied to about a lead that could potentially remove it.
Claire snorted. “Yeah, Dean’s totally never checked out a guy before.” She said sarcastically, rolling her eyes. Castiel gave her a quizzical look. “Listen, you can ask Alex. I have like the best gaydar ever. And it’s definitely not silent when Dean’s around.”
Cuthbert tilted his head curiously. “Magnus. I prefer Magnus. I can’t return the sentiment. If I recall correctly, you had a part in why I should be dead right now.” He crossed his arms, his expensive suit creasing at the elbows.
“She tried to hide it, but we found it in her hotel room.”
another one. I realized it was a bad idea. That’s why I marked through it.” Dean replied, balling up the paper and tossing it towards the trashcan, surprising hitting his target. “Now if you two don’t mind, this whole experience was very sobering, so I’m gonna go get more drunk and watch the ball drop.” He stood up, his cheeky façade back full force.
“While I understand that all humans have their own dietary preferences, I have never understood animal rights activists that boycott honey. There are various species of bees on the endangered list and the demand for honey means that bees are more likely to be protected, though it is unfortunate that people only feel the need to protect other living beings when they’re being useful, because all animals are useful in the great scheme of things like the food chain and the circle of life.” Cas said excitedly.
“Not bad but not great.” Sam sighed. “We haven’t seen it, but we didn’t really expect to since most of the lore points to it only coming out at night. We’ve been debating on how to kill it.”
Sam pushed his hair out of his face and then rubbed his eyes. When he blinked (hard), Dean was still snuggled up against Cas when his eyes opened again. A smirk immediately spread across the younger Winchester’s lips. He slowly and quietly took his phone off the nightstand and snapped a quick photo, immediately texting it to his email since they never kept burners for long. The quality wasn’t great, but it was more than enough for black mail. Sam went to clear his throat, but then he noticed how Castiel was looking at Dean. Even though the angel didn’t seem comfortable in the least bit, he didn’t seem to care. He was looking at Dean like he was the most fascinating thing on the entire planet. His big, blue eyes scanned Dean’s face slowly, and if Sam didn’t know any better, he would swear that Cas was counting each freckle on Dean’s face, his lips lifting into a smile a little more with each one.
on the side of his neck to flair out threateningly. This was officially the weirdest version of the Little Mermaid that Dean could think of, and he was all too familiar with  Hans Christian Andersen.
“Well, it’s not really ‘ha ha’ funny, more ‘wow, I’m an idiot’ funny. Before we headed out, I was trying to find out information on rusalki and nothing was coming up. I just assumed it was because the Men of Letters didn’t know about them. It turns out they just had them listed under a different name. The Men of Letters had them listed as ‘mavka’, which was just another name for rusalka.” Sam laughed again and Dean just raised a single eyebrow at him.
Dean just rolled his eyes for the second time during the call. Sam seemed to bring that out of him a lot. “Is there a reason you called, loser?”
Sam stood in the doorway that lead to the bedrooms, practically blocking Dean in with his large frame. He crossed his arms across his broad chest in disappointment, and Dean frowned at the lecture he knew was coming. “Dean, what the hell has gotten into you?” Dean just stared at him for a moment, deciding exactly how he wanted to pick this fight. He was still sitting on the island and was letting his feet dangle beneath him childishly as he thought of some smart ass comment to make, but Sam didn’t give him enough time. “I know things haven’t exactly been easy for you lately. But this? Since when do you pull the depressed college kid act and stay locked up in your room until you think everyone is asleep so you can sneak alcohol?”
Dean kept trying to work his wrists out of the rope, as he spoke, but all it was doing was causing the skin to become raw and inflamed, the saltwater biting at the newly exposed skin. He could hear the quiet whispering of the mark in his head, completely useless unless the strength it could give him was about to kick in. “Vera, sweetheart, I’m flattered, and I was definitely hoping this date was going to lead somewhere… but it’s a little soon to be talking about kids.” The comment was supposed to be a cheeky distraction, but it didn’t exactly work out in Dean’s favor when she slapped him across the face, her claws dangerously close to ripping into his skin.
Dean locked his jaw and immediately started grinding his teeth. “You lied… about something that could potentially remove the mark…”
“Of course Dean. I just have one question.”
“You should invite Cas to dinner.” Sam stated abruptly. Dean looked up from the steaks he was cooking. Sam wasn’t looking at him, but was mixing a salad.
Dean opened his mouth to throw some poorly constructed insult at his brother, but Eileen interrupted him. “Did you find all the flowers you were looking for?” Dean recognized the sign for flower, and he smiled.
“I don’t want to talk about it, Cas.” Goosebumps spread over Dean’s skin at just the thought of the dream, and he pulled the covers up around him a little more, suddenly finding himself shivering.
“Whoa, Cas, calm down.” Dean said, grabbing the angel’s shoulders to steady him. “You didn’t kill me. You killed some sort of fucked up copies that Noami made.” Cas wouldn’t meet his eyes.
. He was tired of pining over Cas. He was tired of trying to find the answer to his problems on the inside of an empty bottle. Hell, there were even days when he was tired of hunting. He was just so
Dean turned to Cas. "You stupid son of a bitch."
Please keep in mind that this chapter is in Dean's perspective. I don't feel like Dean is a fuck up, or any of the other horrible things said about him in this chapter. It's simply the way he sees himself, as the man that didn't deserve to be saved.
Cas wasted no time swallowing him down, the early morning blowjob lazy and slow. Not that Dean was complaining, because it still had him curling his fingers in Cas’ hair, gasping his name when his tongue swirled around the head just right. Cas was looking up at him with gorgeous blue eyes full of wonder, just like he always did. He always looked at Dean like he had landed some sort of prize that he never wanted to let go of. It used to make Dean want to squirm, now he just basked in it because he knew it wasn’t an act, it was exactly how Cas really saw him.
“Uh I’m sorry… I didn’t realize that someone else was coming.” The waiter managed, sitting the food down quickly. “Can I get you something?” He asked Cas.
“Uh, well, Timothy and I were a little hesitant to stay here…”
“Out.” Dean muttered gruffly. Dean stumbled his way towards the Impala. He didn’t even know why he bothered drinking like this anymore. It didn’t help. Nothing helped when Sam was in this kind of trouble. But
Sam tore into his gift, and Cas waited for him to do so before patiently before paying any mind to his own present. Sam fixed Dean with one of his infamous bitch faces as soon as he realized what his present was. “Really, Dean?”
Cas just nodded mutely, and Dean smiled at him. God he was such a dork.
Dean made a face. “It doesn’t take two people to look over a tape.” Cas turned his glare on Ricardo before stalking after Sam. “Maybe he really does need more sleep.” Dean muttered, shaking his head and turning back to Ricardo.
kiss. Dean had to remind himself that the kiss wasn’t as significant to Cas, that Cas was an angel and didn’t mean anything by it. Cas was just trying to be reassuring. People sometimes kiss other people on the forehead when they’re being reassuring. Hell, he had done it to Jo all those years ago to reassure her that she wasn’t alone and that she was loved before she died. Cas hadn’t actually meant-
Dean eyed Sam suspiciously and handed over his phone cautiously. He had just so happened to bring it in the kitchen with him and it had been sitting on the counter next to him. He watched as Sam flopped down in the chair he had been sitting in and tapped the screen a few times before looking back up at him and motioning Dean over. Dean came closer, leaning down to look at the screen and sitting him empty bottle on the table. The screen was lit up with a soft pink background with big, red, bubbled letters that said, “Cupid’s Arrow”. Dean grimaced at the thought of the last cupid he had encountered. “It’s a dating app. But it’s not like Tinder, it’s not just for hookups.”
“Yeah, and taking someone out on a date in a pimpmobile? C’mon, Cas. You seem like a classier guy than that. This thing is ancient. If it didn’t break down, the hydraulics would probably give out if you tried to give a handy in the backseat.”
nice. It was starting to make Dean uncomfortable that he was so comfortable having the angel around, because he knew it wasn’t permanent. Castiel always left. He always had some sort of angel calling, or some bigger fish to fry. So Dean knew this was all temporary, and to be honest… it fucking bothered him.
, Dean.” Sam hissed. Emma was quickly speaking with one of the guards, his eyes wide and scared with her knees pulled into her chest. She kept pointing to her vanity, and Sam noticed that all the lightbulbs surrounding the mirror had busted.
Cutting through the campus was the quickest way to get to the apartments that Sam was staying in, and Dean took his time walking through the campus, wondering if in a different life, it would have been
Dean smiled at him sadly. “Unfortunately, hunting doesn’t exactly pay enough for us to stay at a place like this, kid. Or pay at all, really.”
“Better.” Dean replied, making his way over to the cabinet he kept the good stuff in. He could feel Sam staring at the back of his head.
Dean smiled sadly. “Yeah, uh, that’s probably not a good idea, Cas.” Castiel tried to stop his face from showing just how crestfallen he was, but he wasn’t so sure he did a good job of it with the way Dean was looking at him. “You really do need to get some sleep so you can heal. And everyone knows I snore way too loud.” Dean forced another smile and stood up, stretching dramatically. “If you need anything, you know I’m right next door, buddy.” He reached out and clasped Castiel on the shoulder momentarily before heading for the door. It broke Castiel’s heart to watch him go.
“I said
“Sam? Sammy?” He croaked, his throat burning from the saltwater he had inhaled earlier, making it impossible for him to scream too loudly.
fluffy.” Cas’ voice was absolutely fascinated, turning his head to continue looking at the cow as they drove past it.
Dean Winchester did not believe in falling in love.
“Look, I’m not going to say anything. Especially not to him. That would be awkward as hell.” Castiel didn’t respond, he just observed a button on his trench coat. He shouldn’t make it so painfully obvious or Dean was bound to realize just as quickly as Claire had. “Why don’t you tell him?” Claire asked softly, once she realized he wasn’t going to respond.
Cas was outside, not bothered by the cold or fading daylight, scoping out the best place for him to plant his flowers once it was spring. He had tried to coax Dean to join him, but Dean felt like Cas’ absence was the perfect time to approach Sam about the subject of how they planned on celebrating the holiday. Dean shifted his weight from foot to foot in embarrassment before sighing. “Listen, when he was a human, he didn’t get to experience all this sappy holiday shit. I had to kick him out of the bunker to protect you. I know he’s not a human anymore, and I know that holidays may be dumb and overrated to us, but-“
“No, I get it.” Sam said softly, pulling out the puppy dog eyes to Dean’s dismay. “I just figured we would kick back with some beer and watch the ball drop. But you’re right, Cas should get to experience all of it. He seems… a lot happier lately. I think it’s because we’re making such an effort to include him. It doesn’t give him time to sulk about Heaven.”
“I guess sometimes I just need a distraction.”
Dean found Sam sitting at the kitchen table, nursing a pathetic excuse for coffee, which was most likely actually a latte. His eyes were still tired and his hair still fluffy from where he had been rolling around in his pillows. Dean made sure to ruffle Sam’s hair entirely more aggressively than necessary when he walked by, and his whistling faltered when Sam shot him one of his pissy looks.
“Dean! Road!” Sam reminded him from the backseat when the impala started to drift into the other lane.
Cas was a little harder to placate.
“Watch the ball drop? I didn’t realize anyone needed to go through puberty.” Cas answered nonchalantly, and Dean made the mistake of taking a sip of beer right as he said it and choked. He opened his mouth to correct Cas, but when he saw the angel’s blue eyes sparkling with mirth, he realized that Cas had actually cracked a joke, and he was a little proud of him.
Dean squirmed and swallowed hard, visibly struggling to keep holding eye contact. “Yeah. I mean, I meant it when I said I wanted to keep it. It... it’s just special, I guess. It’s yours, you know? It’s like having a part of you. Please stop me from talking before I sound anymore like a serial killer.” Castiel smiled and received a smile and nervous chuckle from Dean in return. “It seemed like it was helping. I mean there were still times that I struggled. There were still times I felt overwhelmed and just heard the mark mumbling in my ear, fighting to take control. But it felt like it helped. Could just be a coincidence, though, right?”
running through his head. Castiel must have sensed the doubt and the fear, because he pulled away from Dean just long enough to look into the forest of greens and browns in the hunter’s eyes. Cas gave him a soft, tender kiss on the on lips, before trailing down his jaw, his lips screaming reassurance. Dean’s rehearsed daydreams may have flown out the window, but all his doubt shattered like delicate stained glass. He heard the rustling of Cas removing his trench coat, and he thinks the sound is more deafening that it should be. His clumsy fingers go after Castiel’s tie, failing quite a few times before finally managing to undo it, and he wonders why he came undone more easily than the piece of fabric.
fic, and you guys should definitely check it out because it's amazing.
Dean was able to pathetically wallow in his own petulant self-loathing and sadness all the way until 9am before Sam knocked on his door. He groaned loudly and burrowed himself deeper into the burrito of blankets he had wrapped himself in. The bunker wasn’t by any means cold with the heat jacked up since it was January, and he was actually sweating under all the layers, but something about it was comforting. He glared in the darkness of his blanket cave. He hadn’t even seen
“Yeah, well, whatever it is. Just let me help. Please.” Dean shot Castiel his most charming, dazzling smile, and the angel knew he didn’t stand a chance.
When the angel finally looked back up, his sad, blue eyes were filmed with shame. “I saw that man at the bar when he was speaking with you. I should have seen that he had no soul, I should have seen what he was… but he was sitting next to you, and your soul was just so
, knowing their lives were a shit show more often than not.
The conversation had been playing over and over again in his head for well over an hour, and Dean was slowly but surely beginning to beat himself up over it. Castiel probably hadn’t meant a damn thing by it, and he was obsessing over it like a teenage girl. And
Sam pressed his lips together to cover his smile. The dating app certainly wasn’t helping keep that love struck look off his brother’s face when he looked at Cas.
“Yeah, tell me about it…” Dean whispered when he noticed just how close they were sitting. Dean knew he could be a bit masochistic, but he was quickly finding out that there was no limit to how far he would push the one thing that was tearing him apart the most. It was less than 24 hours ago that he had woken up practically holding Cas’ hand, and here he was practically in Cas’ lap just because he had a little whiskey in his system.
“Well, something had to wake it up. Turns out the spirit likes to make the deaths look like suicides, and only goes after dudes.” Sam sighed. The spirit was obviously going to be pleased seeing two more men snooping around. “Buckle up, Sammy. Looks like we’re going to Virginia.”
“We have to get him out of here, Dean. There’re too many sigils to break and this place is huge. We have to get him completely off the property or he’s probably not going to be able to heal.” Sam suggested.
to be funny, but he was telling them a story about how when he was young and first created, he almost stepped on a fish that was attempting to haul itself onto the shore. He would have singlehandedly stopped the start of evolution had one of his brothers not stopped him, and the story really shouldn’t have been funny, but between the look of relived horror on Cas’ face, and Sam attempting not to laugh so hard that his own face was twisted in effort, Dean was laughing so hard that he had to hold his side because of the cramp forming. When Dean asked if the brother was Gabriel, and Cas responded that Gabriel would have only encouraged him to step on the fish, Sam finally lost it and started laughing along with Dean. Dean couldn’t wipe the grin off his face when he looked back and saw a small smile on Cas’ own.
Benny laughed. “Just thinkin’ back to high school when Dean had a crush on Cassie, and he used any excuse in the book to be rude to her.” He turned to top off Dean’s glass and shot him a wink. “Our boy here never did grow out of pulling someone’s hair on the playground to show he likes ‘em.”
Dean chuckled, and it warmed Cas. “I think that’s the endgame we all want, buddy. But I think you might have to be a little less vague in order to figure it out. What would make you happy?”
“I-that’s not what I meant. Just let me help you groom your wings, man.”
, just not something he was used to; it was so fake of Dean to be dousing himself in cologne for a date.
“We have this conversation literally anytime I show interest in anyone.” Sam sighed. ”I was practically a kid when Ruby broke up with me, and I thought my life was over and that I would never be able to get over her. That doesn’t mean I should swear off women all together. Eileen isn’t Ruby. And besides, you were right. All the red flags were there with her, I just ignored them.”
“It’s not a sin…” Castiel mumbled. “It’s just… the two beings involved are usually very close if an angel allows them to help them with their preening.” Dean frowned at him, and Castiel knew that this was the self-hating Dean immediately thinking that Cas didn’t feel like they were close. Castiel swallowed and didn’t have the nerve to explain that in Heaven angels only had their wings touched by their mates.
them.”
“You’re the one that wanted to decorate, Sammy. I just wanted to celebrate. That reminds me, I need to go to the liquor store before it closes so we can make real eggnog.” Sam made a disgusted face and Dean rolled his eyes as he sat up and rolled off the couch. “I’m also probably going to pick up some food so you two text me what you want.” He knew Cas wouldn’t text him, not wanting to be a burden, so he would just surprise him. Maybe get him one of those new gingerbread milkshakes he had seen advertised. He heard Sam mumble something about negative about fast food but ignored him and grabbed his keys, pulling on his jacket.
. It had never been something he had experienced until he had become completely human. Touch wasn’t the same for angels. It was rare, usually only exchanged during things like the grooming of wings. Even then it was
All they had been able to get out of him was that Sean was staying at the inn because they had gotten into a huge fight. Dean was growing increasingly more and more frustrated and uncomfortable, and Cas was picking up on it. Dean shot him a pitiful look, hoping that the angel had been around humanity long enough to handle this situation.
“Maybe there’s a
“Uh, sure. Actually, you can play us now, we were just messin’ around. It wasn’t a real game because someone-“ He threw a glare at Cas. “-felt the need to cheat.” The young woman glanced over at Cas’ grumpy face and laughed. Dean offered her his pool stick while reaching for another for her partner before grabbing another for himself. “You guys can rack and break, be my guest.”
Castiel was downright blushing and Dean grinned at how adorable it was. “Of course, Dean. You can keep the feather if you’d like.” Cas adjusted himself on the bed so that Dean had more room and they were comfortably lying next to each other.
“He leads us to Rowena.” Sam finished with a grin.
It’s not that Dean necessarily though that Cas and Ariel had a thing (he hoped), it’s just that he was being very secretive about their meetings and what they were about. Sure, Dean knew they involved the mark of Cain. What he didn’t understand was why Cas wasn’t giving him the dirty details about it since he was the one that had to carry the mark around all the time.
Sam was pacing slightly while on the phone a few yards away. Dean knew immediately that this phone call was about a case. Sam always had a certain energy about him when a case was involved, and between the tented, concerned eyebrows and animated hand motions, Dean knew Sam was accepting a hunt. He sighed and took a sip of his beer. He wasn’t sure if Cas was up for a hunt just yet. All his wounds had healed, and Dean caught him sleeping
cute!” She gushed. That’s when Sam realized noticed one of them was wearing a trench coat with a suit underneath, and the other was wearing a flannel eerily similar to one that Dean owned, and they were holding hands.
“Charlie is that really you?” Bethany asked, her eyes shining with wonder in the candle light. The pencil point moved to the lower ‘yes’, and all the girls gasped.
Dean used it as an out to call it a night. Much like they always seemed to be lately, they were completely in the dark with this case, and between the drive, boring camera footage, and lack of a lead, his brain was fried.
Dean was taken completely off guard when Cas approached him to tell him he was leaving. Dean had been flipping through the newspaper looking for potential cases while Sam was in another room of the bunker checking his laptop about an alert that could be a potential trail on Rowena. At some point while reading news articles, Dean had spaced out and wondered if maybe he should plan something for Christmas like he had for Thanksgiving. It had been a hit with Jody, Donna, and the girls, and provided Sammy with a holiday experience that he had always wished he could provide for him as a kid. Then he learned that it had given Cas a sense of
Dean glanced in the review mirror. Cas had been quiet most of the ride, and though Dean didn’t mean for it to, it had really started to worry him. The angel was staring out the window, his eyes squinted at a cow pasture. He hadn’t said anything in
bees. But I feel like I’ve made an investment and I’m not getting any pay out. It’s my flowers producing the nectar. It’s my ass being stung. Aren’t you supposed to be a hot shot lawyer? Can’t you do something about this?”
. Dean was still trying to reach him. Dean hadn’t given up on him.
Cas took the lapels of his trench coat in his hands, observing it. “I feel like this vessel has very much become an extension of me, even though it’s nothing like my true form.”
“We have to do something.” Sam’s voice whispered pressingly. Dean felt his heart break. The raw fear and pain in Sam’s voice was crushing, and it was there because of him.
Shaking his head, Cas handed the glass back. “Find the body as soon as you and your brother can. You may have difficulty-“
Years and years later when Dean was twenty-two, he held Sam on the bathroom floor after he got the call from his girlfriend Ruby. She admitted that she had been cheating on him, somehow convinced Sam it was his fault, and then broke up with him. Dean remembered that night vividly. He remembered all the tears and snot and self-hatred. He remembered how Sam’s shoulders shook so hard that he thought something was trying to claw its way out of his little brother’s rib cage, that he was physically coming apart at the seams because he lost the woman that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with and planned to propose to the following week. Dean barely held it together when Sam said he didn’t want to live without Ruby, and then proved that two days later with a razor blade. No matter how hard Dean would blink, the fluorescent lights of the hospital and it’s too-white walls were seared into the back of his eyelids as he waited for someone in scrubs to tell him that his brother was okay. He wasn’t able to breathe until they did. That's when Dean decided he didn't believe in falling in love.
. I was only focused on myself, only focused on how
else, his mind always wandered back to how the ghost seemed to think that he…
one topic in this chapter that could potential trigger someone.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas said.
before reappearing next to him in the front seat of the car.
“Whatever…” he muttered, closing his eyes. He was too tired to try to wrap his head around how infinitely amazing Cas’ abilities could be. He thought he heard Cas whisper ‘sweet dreams’ as sleep pulled him back under.
Cas learned so much about him on the drive over to Bellacino’s and over their extra large meat lovers pizza, but the main thing that he learned was that Dean was absolutely overflowing with love.
It was one of those moments when Dean could barely resist the urge to lean into Cas. There was that cosmic pull that he had no control over that pushed him to cross over that line of
“Oh my god. You actually like her, don’t you?” Dean teased, grinning.
“Are those… my sweatpants?” He asked in confusion. Those were definitely his sweatpants. There was a small oil stain just below the right knee that he hadn’t managed to get out after working on the Impala one day.
Crowley tossed back the rest of his drink. One of his demons immediately took the empty martini glass and headed towards the kitchen to get him a refill. “A waste? In case you haven’t noticed, the Winchesters are the most valuable players on the board. Having them in my debt, being able to summon them for a favor whenever
(See the end of the chapter for
Bethany, Olivia, and Mia all looked between each other, silently asking who would be the one to greet Charlie. Olivia rolled her eyes again and decided to humor her friends. She finished her own drink and cleared her throat, making sure all her long, blonde hair was behind her shoulders and nowhere near the candle flames as she leaned forward. “Charlie, Charlie. Are you there?” The pencil didn’t move, and she smirked at the relieved look on Mia’s face. Right as Olivia was about to open her mouth to say something again, all the candle flames flickered, and the point of the pencil slowly moved to the upper ‘yes’ written on the paper.
Cas glared at a scuff in the table, avoiding eye contact, and didn’t reply, making Dean speak up. “Come on, buddy. You know you can talk to us if something’s going on.”
of them. Metatron may have given Cas the ability to understand pop culture references, but one of Dean’s favorite things was quickly becoming the way Castiel’s face lit up when he made the connection between a reference and a scene in a movie. The downside of watching movies with the angel was the same downside as many other situations with him-personal space. Or the lack of. Despite the den having plenty of chairs, couches and recliners, Cas
“We’re in Rock Springs, Wyoming. We just finished up a ghoul case last night. We were getting ready to hit the road and head back to the bunker. What’s up?” Sam sat down on the edge of his stiff motel mattress, ignoring the fact that his impatient brother had already crawled closer on his own bed to try to eavesdrop since the call was from Jody. When he still couldn’t hear and made a face at Sam, Sam put the phone on speaker.
of his, and he didn’t feel like taking the time to clean. He went over to the fridge, and after a while of trying to fit two slices of apple pie and two slices of key lime pie on the plate, he finally gave up with a frustrated groan and guessed they could share. He sat the plate in front of Cas and handed him a fork. “Be glad I like you. I don’t share my pie with just anyone.” Cas’ lips quirked up slightly.
Thirty minutes later, Dean and Ricardo met back up with Sam and Cas in the lobby. There was nothing telling in the security camera footage. It only revealed that Nathaniel Spellman had been drunk and stumbling when he exited the gate from the spa and pool area to the steps that led to the beach. Dean would have believed that he had just gotten drunk and possibly made the mistake of trying to swim while too intoxicated, but that didn’t provide answers about the boats sinking or other people that had gone missing that Sam had mentioned about the case. It could explain Nathaniel’s disappearance, but it didn’t solve the case.
Dean opened the bottle of whatever (he hadn’t bothered checking) and drank it straight. “I’m working on it.” He muttered roughly.
“That’s not how I remember it.” Ricardo said with a smirk.
“Dean, if this is an issue, I can wait to sleep once we get back to the bunker.” Castiel offered, sliding his dress shirt off his arms and draping it over his coats. He then reached for his belt, the buckle clanging loudly in the quiet room.
But once Dean had shoved his thoughts aside and piled a ton of denial on top of them, things were actually pretty… nice. Whenever he and Sam had to do research, Cas was always more than willing to help, and a third set of eyes that belonged to a being who spoke every language known to man sped up things tremendously. Even when Sam and Dean didn't need help, Cas was doing research nonstop on the mark. He was always polite, even
“Oh, no reason.” Sam dismissed, and even over the phone Dean could tell that he was lying. “I just thought it might be something interesting to study.”
Dean swallowed. Cas
“Are you saying all of this because you want me to leave?” Dean’s heart shattered into a million pieces. Castiel was giving him the same exact look he had when he had kicked him out of the bunker as a human, when Gadreel had made Dean pick between him saving his brother, or Cas leaving. No angel should look that sad, that vulnerable and betrayed.
Shrugging, Cas replied “I just moved here. I haven’t really been… anywhere.”
“Cas, where are you going with all of this?” Dean asked, his voice cracking slightly. Castiel stood up, turning so that he was directly in front of Dean. Dean felt his own eyes wander to Castiel’s full lips while they said his name.
know that this was Claire trying to be reassuring in her own way though. “Thank you, Claire. But I’m okay with the relationship that Dean and I already have.”
“I’m fine.” Dean growled. “And I just hung out with Garth the other day.”
“God, are you still bitching about that, Dean?” Sam’s voice came from somewhere else in the room, but he slid into frame just long enough to kiss Eileen on the forehead and give Dean a quick wave. From the look of his undone tie, he had just gotten off work.
Sam frowned. “I’m just worried about you, Dean. You didn’t even really hangout with anyone when you lived here, in town. Now you’re practically out in the middle of nowhere and you haven’t even introduced yourself to your neighbors-“
Castiel squinted at the other angel, taking her in as his eyes scanned her face. “No one is asking you to return. If you would rather stay on earth, by all means, stay. That’s not what I want to discuss.” Cas sighed in an almost human manner. “I’m not exactly the correct angel to convince someone to choose Heaven over earth.”
Cas smirked. “Who knows? You could be.” He then winked, or at least tried to. It was awkward and unpracticed, but it had Dean grinning like an idiot anyway. Cas picked his mail up off the ground. “I’ll see you around, Dean.”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, man.” Dean said, avoiding eye contact as he wished he had traded his empty shot glass for a beer.
. He wondered what Cas tasted like, what he would do if Dean shoved him against the wall and licked his way into his mouth.
, because apparently Dean was a fucking masochist that
“You flatter me.” Dean replied boredly.
him, to make sure that he knew he was loved, mind, soul, and flesh. Castiel wasn’t sure how he was capable of loving one tiny human being so much.
“We’re not cosplaying, Dean.” Sam said in annoyance. He was sitting in the backseat of the Impala with his arms crossed defiantly. He had offered the passenger seat to Castiel, which has gotten him weird looks from both the angel and his brother. At first Dean had kept squinting in the rearview mirror at Sam like he was being suspicious, but it didn’t end up stopping Dean from constantly glancing over at Cas and making bad jokes that only Cas would find funny. Sam had kept a smug, satisfied smirk on his face the entire ride until he found out that they were going to a costume store instead of back to the motel they were staying at.
Dean just wished that he could
A voice in the back of his head reminded him.
Dean used every ounce of will in his power to fight the blush that he felt spreading all the way to the tips of his ears. He finished off his coffee and poured another cup, just deciding to drink this one black. “I don’t know, Sam. He got the slip on me. He glamoured me or some shit.”
“Okay.” Dean said softly, surprised at just how much calmer he already felt, just by the small unspoken promise that Cas would be there in the morning. Dean finally sank into Cas’ touch, running his hand over Cas’ arm across his stomach until he reached his hand, intertwining their fingers and not caring that it probably made him a sap.
Castiel slammed the door to the impala a little harder than he needed to. Picking up on his foul mood, Sam had immediately made a beeline for the backseat, allowing Castiel to slide in the front passenger seat next to Dean.
“Ugh, coffee. Thank god.” Dean said, grabbing the cup out of Sam’s hand greedily. Dean was already dressed and sitting on the edge of his bed, ‘not’ watching Dr. Sexy M.D.
pies. And he had to admit, it was kind of cute to see Cas tilt his head and concentrate on the taste after every bite. He eventually admitted to liking the apple pie better, and Dean couldn’t have been prouder. Key Lime wasn't one of his favorites, but it was on sale. Once they finished desert (Cas insisted on cleaning the dishes with his angel mojo), Dean led him down the hallway to one of the spare bedrooms. It only made sense for Cas to have the room closest to Dean.
“Good morning, Dean.” He heard Cas’ gravelly voice say from beyond his arm. Dean produced another grumpy noise in response but peeked from behind his arm when he heard a coffee mug being placed on his nightstand. Cas picked up the now entirely empty bottle of Jack and looked it over before narrowing his eyes at Dean. Dean ignored him, sitting up slowly and grappling for the coffee dizzily. “You’re waking up late.” Cas commented, sitting next the Dean on the edge of the bed. Dean squirmed a little bit, but took a couple of grounding gulps of coffee, made just the way he liked it.
“Oh? And I wonder why you had to explain that to him… I’m sure it had nothing to do with the fact that you-“
“Cas, I’m so sorry. I’m still halfway asleep-”
“Shouldn’t you be asleep as well?” Castiel asked, raising an eyebrow.
.” Sam whined. “Remember when I was five? At Bobby’s house?”
. Feeling a little bold, and tired of the silence, Dean decided to bring it up.
When Sam returned to the kitchen, he was fully dressed but had an upset frown on his face. If there was something wrong with the water pressure, Dean fully intended on stabbing someone.
, and Castiel would still love him more than an angel was ever supposed to be capable of. He wanted Dean to know that nothing would ever change that.
Ariel rolled her eyes again. “Lots of dumb, unfunny pranks with the intention of teaching a lesson and an increase in the number of pornstars on vacation on the coast.”
Sam’s eyes suddenly lit up. “And what makes you say that, Benny?”
marathon and it left Dean smiling and content over how Cas’ ability to grasp media kept getting better, and how when he struggled, Sam was just as patient as ever, explaining details to him. Cas had just fit so seamlessly into their lives, like he was meant to be there, and Dean felt a little spoiled that Sam and Cas were able to have a relationship too. Sam got up and stretched, his shoulders popping with a groan. He reached down and began picking up their empty Sonic bags and cups, and Dean and Cas helped him. Sam’s movements were slow, and Dean figured the giant must be tired. He and Cas grabbed their trash, and both headed for the kitchen when Sam called out to them right as the were leaving the den.
Part of this chapter was inspired by
“I was just touching up my makeup because there’s a pretty big break between photo ops and autos. I was sort of talking to myself, trying to figure out which lipstick I should use, when all of a sudden, a tube rolled towards me and the lights burst.”
Dean looked at him like he was crazy. “It’s Comic-Con, Cas. They couldn’t just
Dean was feeling the drained blood rush back to his face with a blush and he looked away from Sam in frustration, meeting Cas’ eyes. “Is it too late to throw him back in Hell?”
Dean had half a mind to call Cas down in hopes of distracting himself. But he tried to do that as little as possible. He wasn’t sure what condition the angel’s mojo was in despite having it back, and now he felt guilty because he hadn’t taken the time to ask. “Fuck.” Dean muttered, running his fingers through his hair in frustration. He guessed he was just going to spend half the night thinking about Cas, and the other half making himself feel like shit. But there was this strange pull he was feeling inside his mind, that maybe all of this was what he needed. He had spent so much time trying to push these thoughts and emotions down, that maybe his brain was sick of the shit and wanted him to finally figure it all out. Dean began to grit his teeth, took a deep breath, and finally let the memory he was avoiding seep into his mind.
vendor booth while walking through the convention center, and Charlie squealed with glee when she saw it. “Oh man, there’s
“I’ve done almost all of the healing I can do for now. Too much too soon will be much too overwhelming to Sam’s body. This is magic I am unfamiliar with. But Sam is going to be fine” He removed his fingers, staring down as Sam curiously. Dean abruptly stood up, wrapping Castiel into an embrace. The confused angel stood in shock for a moment before hugging him back.
Cas just narrowed his eyes at him and ordered two of Dean’s favorite beers when the bartender approached them, along with the nachos after a quick glance at the menu. “Are you done ignoring me for your phone?”
Dean on the forehead before leaving him. He had done a lot of stupid things during his time on earth, but that had to be one of the worst ones. He was an angel of the Lord, he should have better self-control. Had Dean known what he meant by the kiss? Had he known that it was the only thing Castiel could do to stop himself from bringing their lips together? Seeing Dean struggling so much broke something in Castiel. Dean had seemed so weak and vulnerable when he brought up Castiel leaving, like Castiel was
“Why not just stay here? I know it says ‘no vacancy’, but our pent house is actually available” He responded. Dean couldn’t blame him for sounding a little nervous. He had dealt with the supernatural when he was just a child, moved clear into a different state, and was now finding himself in the middle of a case all over again.
He got in line behind a woman purchasing a lottery ticket and tried to stop himself from staring at the cashier too much. Dean knew he was pushing the boundaries of creepy, unable to look away from the stubbled jaw and incredibly blue eyes of the devastatingly handsome man, but he couldn’t help himself. It had been a long time since he had actually put real effort into getting laid, and the mystery cashier was definitely more compelling than the cute bartender whose name Dean couldn’t even remember.
The lore about it in this fic is really the lore that the locals share.
Crowley impatiently tapped his fingers against the armrest. “What’s that?”
Cas just followed him to the Impala, unable to stop smiling.
“Crowley?” Sam snapped angrily. “He’s the one that put you up to this?”
“Dean are you going to help us decorate or just lie on the couch all afternoon?” Sam said. Dean didn’t need to open his eyes to know Sam was probably pulling bitch face #34 at him.
Dean fell asleep before the fifth episode started, and was more than a little okay that he fell asleep next to Cas.
“Vera?” He called out nervously. “Shit.” He muttered when she didn’t resurface, stripping himself of his flannel. He ripped his shirt off over his head, only the see her head break the surface as his shirt dropped to the ground. He dropped to his knees and leaned over the edge of the boat, peering down at her, his unamused frown not matching her mischievous grin at all. “You scared the hell out of me.” He said, offering his arm to help her out of the water.
“So get this, Quantico has a massive military base, and is home to an FBI academy… which means posing as feds might be a bad idea. We'll have to be really careful with this one. But I couldn’t find anything supernatural about the town. It’s not really known for hauntings, or voodoo, or anything that could just awaken a malevolent spirit at first glance. We'll have to do more research when we get there.”
I'm sure you can tell by my writing, but I really hated Dean and Lisa's relationship. It was poorly written and painfully forced. Dean was essentially a stranger at that point in Lisa's life, why would she allow him to not only move in with her but raise her son? I get that Dean is attractive and clearly a good guy, but it's still completely unrealistic. It also didn't help that there was no chemistry between Jensen and Cindy. I was beyond relieved when they finally wrote Lisa and Ben out of the show. (shrugs) I'm not sorry. Based on a decade of a relationship written like a love story, and the chemistry between Jensen and Misha versus what Lisa and Dean had, I don't see how Destiel is unrealistic.
“I know, but I already tried Anna. You saw how she reacted when I tried to confront her...”
“Well, that’s my queue to leave,” says Balthazar standing up and at the same time draining his glass at once. He skips off and disappears into the crowd, probably trying to find some poor girl to hit on, or guy for that matter. Castiel just prays that the Edenish will not be as foolish to fall for Balthazar’s antics.
“Well, I was just wondering, you know, what you want us to do.”
“I will be sure to take you up on that offer, Prince Dean.”
Arriving at the great hall, the princes take their allocated seats at the relatively vacant, bare table. Looking around, there seems to be quite a few members of the court missing today and Dean can’t help but wonder as to why. Certainly they have appeared earlier than usual, but he wouldn’t put it past him that at least some royals should be up at this time.
He doesn’t have to wait long before Michael steps out, an essence of authority about him so strong it silences any noises of talk amongst the obedient soldiers.
Castiel follows her gaze and lands on no other than the green-eyed, freckled beauty. Dean is talking fondly to Sam, probably telling some joke or other because soon after, Sam keens over in a wheezing chortle. As if feeling three pairs of eyes on him, Dean looks up with the trace of a huge grin plastered across his face and meets Castiel’s eyes. To Castiel, it almost looked like his eyes sparked with a brightness, but that could have been a trick of the light, because to be fair it is a highly illuminated room.
“I just thought I’d sit here quietly.”
The other stress-free aspect of his life is that people tend to leave him alone. You can look at it one way or the other, but Castiel gladly takes it as an advantage. Even though he is healed and the doctors claim him to be completely normal, others are in outright disbelief that this could be possible. Because how could the boy born to the womb of a mentally crazy woman ever truly be normal again, especially since he broadcasted his episode to the world?
“How much longer?” Dean huffed as he tilted his head back in grave annoyance. Sam casts him a look that signals to cease his wailing and if their father had noticed his discomfort, he simply ignored him. He was in the middle of conjugating a complex plan of how to best annoy his not-so-little brother when the sharp jab of a bony elbow pierces his trail of thought and ribcage. “Ow. What was that for?” Dean hisses to the offender.
"Yes, Sam. We know that."
“Alright ‘Just Dean’, call me Castiel, and may I ask if training is at all possible?”
Their silent exchange was halted abruptly by an annoyingly long set of questions from Gabriel beside him, who, of course, just couldn’t find it in himself to not mither the princes for any second longer, as if immediately starved of attention in that short period of time that he wasn’t talking.
Castiel smiles at that. “Thank you Sam.”
The two men stood in silence for a while, neither willing to speak or break their reverie, but eventually Cas was able to break away from the hypnotising gaze of green eyes and train his thoughts on the subject matter at hand.
Of course she found out about their misunderstanding a week ago. Knowing his sister well, she probably bribed someone for the latest castle gossip or information. She is an excellent businesswoman after all. Or it could have been Dean, which just serves to prove that he should trust him even less.
“Prince Dean, may I ask where are the guards?”
“Huh, so you heard it too?”
Bewildered, Dean reluctantly returns to the cold, bland food on his pristine plate but the sustenance tastes like ashes in his mouth and does little to quench his thirst for things to have gone better this morning, as he is left to dwell upon his actions in the company of Samuel’s silence.
“Psst. Garth, hey buddy, do you know what’s going on? Why is it such a freak show all of a sudden?”
The beautiful woman evokes a newfound confidence in him, so Dean seals the pact with a flashy grin of his own, closely resembling his signature bold, cocky nature. He seems to have zoned out because he soon finds himself adorning a virtually busted kneecap by one Samuel Winchester, who when confronted only cringes at the exchange, sporting a look of “
“I think we are the ones who should be offering the condolences,” Anna speaks, “you’re the one with just one brother left and will inevitably have to put up with that for the rest of your life. Anyway, I think it’s time to kick some ass, let’s go.”
If the two siblings are scared that they are going to receive harsh consequences they are truly mistaken. How bad can it be? At most they might get strict word from his father but nothing major that they should seriously worry about, so why is there a twisting, nauseous feeling in the pit of his stomach that this is a problem on a whole other scale as he takes in the mirrored fright in each pair of blue eyes.
Then quietly, as his shadow grows along the wall and eventually fades into the distance, he adds to the empty darkness, the ghost of a presence “you are going to regret this come dawn.”
“Well, did you’re dancing skills impress her by any chance? And by ‘dancing skills’ Cas, I mean a duck can walk better than he can. I nominate Dean to show you, it’s hilarious.”
“Woah...uh, Prince Dean? I think you should...uh, maybe go-“
It was very short so sorry to disappoint x
He is shortly paused as the group stop at a large corridor window with open shutters that looks out onto the sparring yard below.
He also observes that a silent, meek shadow has appeared in his peripheral, Anna undoubtedly the patient and kind human being that she is, waits quietly to the side for Castiel to finish his deep ponder. Sometimes Castiel wonders how she is able to stay so collected with a handful of family like theirs.
“Quiet! Today is the day we can finally train! You can show me your skills, how does that sound?” An uproar of applause is enough of a positive response from them so he continues. “I want to see what level you are all at. We’ll start from the basics and progress from there. You will be working in pairs in the upcoming weeks, but no excluding, alright? Or I will hunt you down,” booms Michael’s voice, a threatening promise so deadly true that Castiel can only nod to from experience seeing him target Edenish boys in the past. “For our first activity, you are to split off and find a partner. Practise all the basic moves, stances and then the real fun begins when we actually spar and pick up the pace. Any questions?” Michael’s tone never leaves any room for argument but he asks the question nevertheless. “Alright boys, let’s go.”
Thankyou for reading! Feedback is much appreciated :)
Just as her thin, slender fingers brush the intricate door handle, she falters and looks back at her brother, no hint of remorse under those long, batting eyelashes, “oh and just so you know, if a word gets out beyond these walls, you and Anna will be sleeping together in the eyes of the public. And let's just say I won’t be there to pick you up from such a fall and neither will there be anyone else,” she adds sweetly as a wide, innocent grin stretches her perfect, porcelain skin.
“Wow, I am so sorry,” Sam laughs. “Ugh if only I can burn that image out of my skull-“
The stiff, tension seems to seep out of the atmosphere as all three sag in relief at Dean’s answer.
Logically, the guards should have alerted him if plans have been changed for the evening communal activities, but he is distantly hearing the clamour of cups being smashed against chalices and the merry, joyous laughter bursting his way through the door. Even so, the guards on duty should be escorting him right now, not the bloody prince.
Dean looks into both of Castiel’s eyes respectively, an extensive, hard stare that’s almost calculating or forming a plan. Not to be rude, but if this carries on any longer, as always he will be the one who is called out for it, undoubtedly by Balthazar, and he’s quite frankly too tired to put up with that again. Politely, he eventually averts his gaze to Michael, a silent thank-you for the good word, to which he gives a curt, stoic nod, more like a bow of the head.
" he snarls, now a vicious dog poised for attack.
An inferno simmers under his skin as his throat struggles to contract.
At least their father has the decency to acknowledge people like this cock-sucking donkey, no matter their place in the hierarchy, which, coming from John, is quite honorable in itself. Never mind, at least it has become very clear as to whom he should avoid in the upcoming weeks.
But what could have happened to lead a young girl so reluctant to speak out? What had she seen? Most castle business is kept under highly strict circumstances so none of the servants know even a glimpse of their plans. Also, they have locks on their doors for a reason. True, Dean never chooses to lock his door, but he has never had a reason to. In fact, the more sensible it is to keep it unlocked so that he can escape the room in the event that he doesn’t meet the same fate as their mother. Their mother’s demise is still a fresh wound on his heart so he doesn’t talk about it much. He likes to keep it bottled up on the inside, all the anger at the cruel world pent up to the brim. Inside where he can keep everything under control and put on a show when he needs to. Inside where there once was a bright soul now lays a gaping hole, leaving behind the broken shell of a man.
(See the end of the chapter for
With an audible huff, assisted with the roll of eyes so high they would have reached the ceiling, he turns towards the direction of the adjacent bathroom with reluctance in his step.
Therefore, this might be deleted at a later date. I just found it cute xx
Although, this agreement in itself was relatively unusual and perked his interest because unlike most of the replies he received in the past, it weirdly did not enclose any demand for payment, trade or alliance, just permission to be hosted warmly at Lawrence city's gates and space for housing their soldiers and supplies. The Kingdom of Eden's army would need to set up at Lawrence so that both forces can march forwards in cooperation, and John needed to discuss plans of attack or otherwise with their ruler, King Chuck, anyway, so that is how on this fateful day, the Winchester family find themselves increasingly antsy as they await the infamous Eden company to arrive.
“Okay, but seriously, today was fun and I would love to try it again. You know, you’re not as bad as I thought.” Sam thinks he can pay to be a bit more brutally honest with this guy, he doesn’t seem to take anything seriously and that for once might be a good thing.
This son of a hellhound really has the audacity. “Dean, you are to go to your room or I’m calling for Sam.” Castiel worries his bottom lip. He doesn’t know how far he can take the threats before he is going to offend the literal host that has graciously given him and his family a place to stay. He hopes that he isn’t being too forward with the elder Winchester, since he is still a prince after all, and future King for that matter. But the man just grumbles and turns on the balls of his feet to follow the order.
At least he doesn’t have to wait long for food to arrive. Dinner is served – a myriad of all types of dishes you could think of. The second course brings even more variety onto the table and the third fills their stomachs to their maximum capacity. Whilst distracted, he takes a moment to gain his bearings and look at his surroundings. Looking down the long table, he sees that most seats of honour are filled by his family, but some are indeed left empty; the spaces for the few lords and ladies of Lawrence who couldn’t make it tonight because they were too tired.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Castiel’s mother had passed away, the young boy had suffered through his grief by becoming a little less talkative, unenthusiastic and hung out in his room all day. He still acted normal and relieved all his worries on Anna and Gabriel and they are still close to this day, but her death changed his life forever. He had silently suffered like that for two years, spending his early teen years in a state of perpetual frustration; Chuck never really knowing what to do or how to handle it. He eventually agreed to getting help from the outside like this was some sort of serious matter, but he did physically and mentally improve, happy to return to his family and finally feel well again. He is sure that the rest of his siblings had suffered equally horribly, but he guesses that as the youngest to have understood the situation to its greatest scale, it just showed the most visibly. He admits that he is still somewhat affected by the death now, but he is better now, has moved past it, and is living a stress-free life right now. Well, as stress-free as it gets with the upcoming war that his father had voluntarily thrown them into.
He hears tentative, soft footsteps pad over and meet at the doorframe. Prince Sam’s lips are pressed firmly together in a thin, tight line and he hopes aloud that Castiel likes his room.
Now that Dean takes a moment to truly appreciate what has become of this expanse, he can see just how stunningly beautiful it is.
“But, but, wait... there’s more.”
Gabriel rolls his eyes with a retort of, “and I thought you were the clever one. We are going on a spree, Samuel. Let’s start with the stables,” and without hesitation, the small figure leaps away, like a bounding deer, leaving a stunned Sam in his wake. Looking from one side to the other, after reassuring himself that there is nobody in the room three times, he finally feels confident enough to run after Gabriel and relive the childhood fun that he hasn’t experienced with his brother in years.
“But you helped Samandriel,” Dean protests, “Can’t we just talk, Cas?”
They successfully leave the room without causing any suspicion and only once they are out of the suffocating crowds does Dean release his arm. Castiel hates to admit that he misses the contact.
“Trickster? Mischief? That doesn’t explain what you’re doing behind a curtain, Prince Gabriel. I don’t even know you that well, my prince, but don’t you have other duties to attend to?”
That seems to be enough to get a reaction out of him at having his bowlegs called out on. Castiel would love to join in on the fun, but he has a queasy feeling in his gut to abort because he is approaching dangerous territory here. And, as per usual, his gut is right.
