Also. Clearly visible between the valley of John's thighs is an enormous, jaw-droppingly impressive erection. John flashes a sharp,  toothsome smile of a predator, and then he pounces.
The men enter into a staring contest. Sherlock in conscious of the fact that he's the most likely loser in this game. Wait.
scenarios." Christ, two sentences in and he's given up the ghost.
Now it's getting weird.
"Er...Sir?"
"God damn, you're a sight," the smaller man whispers. "Sherlock. So beautiful, and all for me."
"I asked, Private, whether or not you were hoping to curry favour by flaunting your ridiculous arse." John takes a speculative sip.
As always, John's his brilliant "Conductor of...
The thought of utter helplessness, being lost to John's most deviant whims, is not as disturbing as it ought to be.
"As in exactly what you are implying, with the...ehm, the objects in your possession, and the fatigues, and the Jekyll and Hyde change in your demeanor.
Not good.
wet all over
Whilst cautiously kneeing backwards off the couch, Sherlock pricks to a very odd sensation. His arse, the poor thing, is throbbing in time to his heartbeat. Pounding, really. A bizarre sensation, true, but not abnormal; it's due to capillary vasodilation triggered by John's thrashing. His flesh feels scalding hot, bubbling hot as Hell itself. His skin is likely coloured bright crimson, overtly perverse as a baboon's. It hurts so badly it that its good. How mortifying that such a disgraceful physiognomic state should be so fucking shamefully licentious. The dignified detective's all but gagging for it - no, he is. He wants to scream. Delete, delete, delete. The only issue of importance is to track down John and be bend over a chair and pounded raw.
"Yes, to the first; and hell, no, to the second!" the captain snorts. "It would be bad military form to inform the enemy of impending ambush." At this, John crashes downward; pushing, shoving, yanking, and poking his yelping lover until they're both breathless and howling with laughter. Eventually, satisfied, he stands back to admire his handiwork. Sherlock looks so deliciously vulnerable on his back, long arms wrapped securely over his shins, knees pressing against his chest. So great is Sherlock's need his taint pulses, aching. It's filthy, lewd, and John thrills at the dirty display. This imperious, dictatorial blowhard is as helpless as a trussed up goose set for consumption.
touch making his lover's cock engorge and grow.
Coup de Grâce: kiss of death - AKA "Writer's Block"
Sherlock opens his mouth to begin. What emerges from his throat isn't deduction; hell, it's not even English. It's the petrified squeak of a petrified mouse, shooting toe-curling horror down his gullet. "Eh..."
I don't know, whatever, who can say. At any rate, it turns out that I'm practically illiterate when fighting strange, unstudied pathogens. I binned my first draft in horror and started out from scratch. Then, I trashed the second draft, and the third.  Take me out back behind the barn, Pa, and shoot me.
Private Holmes blanches with sudden awareness that John, damn the man; no, DAMN the man, never left. He's been dense as UHPC concrete since the game began. Mind Palace Mycroft uses the opportunity to jeer,
He cringes at the gaff but steadies his nerve, waiting for additional well-earned censure. Sherlock waits, chewing his cheeks to nip his desire to snivel in the bud. The new recruit waits, his luscious, sculpted upper lip befittingly stiff. The detective waits, tapping his bulldog tenacity. The genius waits, brain steeping in anxiety. He waits, seriously discomfited by John's inaction.
your incessant need to text me every two minutes." He flips the phone in the air. "It's a bloody swish phone at that, no surprise there; some toffee-nosed git gave it to me for my birthday."
The private's ears pink from the intensity of his pique.
He stands there feeling pensive, fingernails worrying the stubble on his chin. The noise is soothing and something in Sherlock gives way. His vertebrae pop, sparking like fireworks.
Sherlock's anger melts into irritated interest, John's message finally slicing through his ire. And bloody hell, watching John's perfectly pointed pink tongue; how it
Yes, quite horrid, impatiently awaiting release, humbled and debased.
. He insisted Sherlock pick a safe-word. Feeling better, the genius deletes beheading and most of the serious maimings.
"And yet, you've admitted to devious shenanigans. Not very clever of you, don't you think? Continue on, lad, lest you dig yourself an early grave."
John can't hold off a moment longer, lust cancelling out his carefully laid plans. His finger traces up from Sherlock's tailbone to his centre. The doctor rests it, deliberately not pushing in, whilst continuing to lick and suck.
"For fuck's sake, Private Holmes, your
On second hand...Sherlock's nose crinkles in distaste.
Dear God in heaven why had he devised this machiavellian scenario in the first place? Yet, more to the point, will the man still trust him after this...this treason? John startles, Sherlock derailing his train of thought.
"Dog tags, yeah. Yours. They have your name, rank, and serial number. I want you naked except for those in the bedroom in
him. A preemptive attack seems prudent. Blithely pirouetting around the table, fuck, he's good, John prepares his strike and smacks Sherlock's thigh. Fish slice - one, Holmes - zero. Sherlock squeaks, shielding his arse from further insult. "Head to the barracks, Holmes," the Captain snaps, "get cracking!" The private wails as John ruthlessly goads him on using the spoon. For once in his life, Sherlock does as he's ordered.
Smiling to himself, Sherlock does as ordered. "Ahem. 'Boffin detective Sherlock Holmes caught snogging sycophant John Watson whilst taking a lift at New Scotland Yard. The newly constructed Met is furnished with fully-glazed lifts, as the photo above demonstrates.' An anonymous source who works close to the world-famous sleuth reports that Watson is a...', John," Sherlock smirks, "need I go on?"
"Enlighten me, if you would. 'Yes' what?"
I can't believe I started this a year ago. Life keeps getting in the way on my writing, and that just sucks. I have three separate works on the back burner (hob), one of them a series, and am dying to get back to working on them.
Peeved, Sherlock presses on and seeks the sheepy stink of lanolin and stale jammy toast. Nope, not even tea. At some point John had opened the windows, his situation suddenly feels dire. Sherlock would willingly cut off both thumbs for the suggestion of Septalkan Spray antiseptic.
John has no fucking clue of what to do next. True, his madman hasn't safe-worded, but what of it? What does it signify? Surely, Sherlock's not afraid of John, petrified of being injured (more). Bugger, what if Sherlock actually
"Never mind, Holmes," the captain snorts, "not important. No, what I really want from you is deduction. Deduce what I'm seeing right now, the spectacle of sex spread before me. It's a job worth the effort, Private, I promise."
some fucking serious repercussions, Holmes."
gentle reminder..."Touch Move" - a rule whereby of you touch a piece you have to move it
Sherlock sighs quietly, shifting from one foot to the other. Fluid drips from his foreskin, plopping on the floor. John keens silently, wanting to fall to his knees to suckle the tip until semen inundates his mouth. It's heady stuff; mild, if slightly bitter, and full of salt. It's pure brine, a burst of seawater bathing the roof of his mouth. John likes it very much. His small, even white teeth feel very sharp under his tongue. "Narrowing down theories, are we then, Private?"
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>
. Knowledge is power. Just ask Mycroft. He blinks furiously whilst visually quantifying the ribbon's specs. Yes, so he sees. It's cut, not sewn; four and a quarter inches wide, impossible to quantify to an exact length. The warp and and weft, now, has rendered the fabric virtually opaque. On all counts, suitable for cloaking his eyes.
Sherlock's penis gives one last salute before withering, desolate and deflated by defeat. If John "approves his release", indeed. Fat chance of that happening now.
There's nothing for it, John braces himself, and looks again. The doctor peers down, to take a gander. It's putting on a performance, maybe strange kind of dance?
Blimey, it wasn't hyperbole. He
he says?" John fumbles around his coat pocket. "A joke. Yeah, well, I'm sure you had a bloody lark infiltrating the CCTV cameras. Here." He tosses Sherlock a handful of linked chain.
fairly stimulating." Sherlock catches John low chuckle. "Alright," the captain smirks, "I'll confess. Your deductions get me hot. Like very hot. Hell, Holmes, half the time I'm with you on a case I'm fending off a stiffy."
forces.net/military-life/fun/british-military-slang-or-phrases-you-need-know
The flat stills. John has left the room, leaving behind a painfully ear-piercing silence. Sherlock wallows, tumbling in the void of John's wake. He's unhinged, uncoupled, drowning and/or freezing in the pools of John's eyes, dependent on his captain's mood. Shameful, evidence of bald incompetence, that. He's failed his calling in the military.
(See the end of the chapter for
The captain's face hardens into wood.
"Ah. Yes. So," John snorts. "I believe that you have a small grievance?"
Sherlock's so addle-pated, he has to sort through John's words to make sense of the sentence.
no." he says quickly. "Forgive my delay in clarifying, Captain. I mean that yes, I've imagined uh...the - me as a spectacle. Truly, it was quite overwhelming. Also, Sir, no. No, I am not taking the piss now, and believe me, I wasn't before. Captain Watson," Sherlock murmurs, "I want to be your good soldier. I want to please you. It's vital to my life that I please you."
Abruptly, John ends the torment. Sherlock's bum smarts, but in a good way. His cock is harder than granite. Holmes' ears perk up when the officer marches away in a huff. The detective is relieved that he can track John's movements by the tap-shoe clacking of his work shoes. Odd, he'd not noticed John wearing his brogues.
Also, I need some fellow fanfic-reader love.
"And Sir, if it was windy, if you blew air on me - Agghh!" John does just that, never one to back down from a challenge. Lips pursed, he blows a steady stream of warm air down Sherlock's flanks, along the length of his spine. "Huunghh...I'd grow chilled and develop goose bumps, Sir. Perhaps I'd shiver, a direct response to the temperature dichotomy."
that? Were the blazes did he come from? Sherlock wobbles, rocking on his heels until his spine smacks against the hard steel door handles, no much better. Nose presently out of commission, the detective focuses on the kitchen's air currents. John uses Sherlock's distraction over the pain to snatch the slippery fish slice. Uck, last week's curry. It will have to do.
, the genius thinks,
"Sir," Sherlock snivels, struggling to gain some composure. "Despite the risk of sounding like a spoilsport, at this juncture the single data worth broaching is the impending - and painful - rupture of my testicles."
He doesn't pay heed to his instincts, the detective is extremely intrigued.
Wait. Hang on. Sherlock's nostrils flare. He smells Oust Odour Eliminator, by SC Johnson, those bastards. Why the little...John had planned this! He'd taken deviously clever measures! Damn the doctor's foresight. Chess is difficult enough, but now John's upped the ante. He's set the board for single-player Kriegspiel, which is ridiculous. Single-player Kreigspiel is impossible, he should save himself the trouble and resign right now. Sherlock Holmes is not playing against John, but rather himself; on one board, and sans umpire. Whilst the mystery's cleared up, the knowledge is distracting. Time to put it aside. He's no choice. His opening move must be a gambit.
"Because, you tit, I'm not half the moron you like to think I am," John smirks.
Sherlock purses his lips, and blows all the hot air out of his lungs.
This was easier to write than I thought it would be. For those readers who are interested in my work, it's a plus. My region of the US has been suffering from a deluge of rain accompanied by intemperate and unseasonably cool weather. Blech. Global warming, anyone?
Sherlock adjusts his knees, resuming his former position. He's irritated with himself, disrupting John's game like some virgin. What if John thinks that he's broken him, Sherlock a toy too fragile to bother playing with? "Sir?" he says, as steadily as he can muster. "I haven't safe-worded, Sir." John does not answer. "Am I done making amends, Captain, or shall we continue?" No.
The private is left dangling for a nerve-wracking minute and twenty-three seconds, John making nary a sound. Eventually, the captain stomps back to stand behind Sherlock.  "Well, why not," he snorts, "you do anyway. Permission granted, soldier. Go ahead, entertain me with your cock-and-bull story."
King: The king is the most important chess piece. The object of the game is to direct all the pieces to positions so that your opponent's king becomes defenceless.
(See the end of the chapter for
It is pure lust now in control of Sherlock. His hips launch forward, a grind-thrust-and-wiggle plan of attack against John's most powerful prick. His precious blogger's cock is preternaturally (supernaturally) exquisite, Michelangelo couldn't sculpt one as fine. It's impressively thick. It's inexplicably long. It's pulsing along with the beat of John's heart, base animal need at the ready.
Sherlock stares blindly at the wall, visualizing the horrid brown wallpaper, an offence to the walls of his Mind Palace. "Yes Sir, sorry, Sir. I will forthwith proceed with my point. Ahem. Captain, during our very first introduction by...um...Lance Sergeant Stamford, I was dumbstruck, which, by the way, explains the wink. Your countenance radiates your candor, civility, and fine character. I deduce people, Sir. You know who I am. That's what I do.
Actually, now that John thinks of it, he wouldn't be adverse to a five-minute breather. Has he really gone that soft? The doctor unconsciously sucks in his gut.
“I’m not stupid, Sherlock. I can see it is hurting you more than you are letting on. Anyone would be affected by it. You’re allowed to not be okay, you know.”
"I don't condone it, John. I don't, at all, but something does need done. Now, I think that having Sherlock on the case will be enough. There is no reason to involve Rosie. And, believe me, I have had some VERY strong words with my husband, and he is currently two days into a month's sentence of sleeping on the couch.", Greg replied, trying to calm John a little.
Mycroft, being able to get some time away from the office by leaving everything in the capable hands of Anthea, had arranged the whole trip to Scotland. Sherlock, John, Rosie, Molly, Lestrade and himself were to be staying in a house a mile away from the castle, with the perfect view of it from the rear of the house. It had four bedrooms, a sizeable kitchen and living room as well as four bathrooms and a downstairs toilet. John was baffled as to how Mycroft had managed to procure the house, what with the city being teeming with life at that time of the year, with the festival going on. John was excited to go see the street acts of the Fringe and it was about time he did, as he had wished to for years, but had never got around to it. Of course, for the most part, their time would be spent hunting down the people who had committed such an atrocious crime but they had been told that they would have an extra week in Edinburgh, no matter how long it had taken. Mycroft had promised.
"John?", Sherlock questioned, looking confused, as John took the book off him and climbed onto him, so he was straddling his lap.
"Bedroom. Now, John.", Sherlock said, before dragging his husband into their room, to make him pay for making him blush in front of Greg.
Their perfect, little family had been through so much. In that moment, and for many moments after, they were together, and they were safe. And as for their future… Well. They can fight anything. They’re the Baker Street Boys. And, after all, whatever the future throws at them, it is what it is.
“Awww… You two. You’re going to make me cry. Anyway, I will leave you to it. All my love to both of you and I’d better see you on Sunday.”
John popped out for some milk and other bits, once again, leaving Sherlock with Rosie. She was bouncing up and down on his lap, staring at his face, looking confused.
For a moment, John froze, debating on whether he should lean forwards and kiss Sherlock. He looked so beautiful in the dim light that the lamp was emitting and John couldn’t help himself. Deciding against kissing Sherlock, due to his vulnerable state, and not wanting to make things awkward, John smiled, and pulled away fully.
"Fine.", Sherlock huffed, before hanging up.
John then explained what had happened that afternoon, once Sherlock had returned to the palace, and Harry was nearly inconsolable.
“Very. The pair approached a 14-year-old girl in Horsforth, at a bus stop. They touched her inappropriately and tried to take her clothes off but ran off when a woman passed and realised what was happening. The woman took the girl home, who was obviously shaken, and they contacted the police from there. By that time, the boys were back on the road.”, Lestrade explained.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock replied, “Sometimes your stupidity astounds me, John. She calls me her Dad. Of course, I call her my daughter.”
“So, you’re avoiding the flat, in case John comes back. I’m guessing he stayed at Mellie’s last night then?”
“Doesn’t matter how old you are. You will always be my little bee.”, Sherlock smiled.
John put the phone on loudspeaker.
“You will. All the best, Harry.” Sherlock promised.
“Of course, dear… We’d be happy to help. Wouldn’t we, love?”, Mrs Brown asked her husband.
"I, well... I don't know, Mycroft. But, erm, thank you for telling me.", John smiled.
"I'm bisexual."
Two years passed, and Rosie had started primary school. Molly had given birth to a gorgeous baby boy, which she had named Scott Hamish Hooper. He was a gorgeous little thing, who John, Sherlock, Greg and Mycroft were all Godfathers of. Mycroft had seemed to take the small child under his wing, babysitting him when everyone was busy with a case, and he was just doing paperwork in his office. He would leave Anthea to pick up some extra paperwork, or he would simply have Scott in the office with him.
Sherlock bought me a new watch for Valentines Day. It is engraved. On the back it says, “It is what it is”. I love it. He also bought some flowers. He has become a little soppy old man. I think the staying in doors has got to him in more ways than he might have thought.
"So, Sherlock... You saw it. The lads down at the Yard reckon it was someone close to the family.", Greg explained.
A tear escaped the corner of Sherlock's eye. It did that a lot now, much to his annoyance and John's amusement. Neither man said anything, they just smiled, as John wiped the stray tear away by brushing his thumb over Sherlock's cheek softly.
"Nothing wrong with that, chick. You should see him now. I wouldn't say no.", John chuckled, making Rosie giggle. Sherlock frowned, however.
"So, not only do I have to sit through this mindless drivel, my husband seems to have a crush on a teenager. Should I be worried, John?", Sherlock asked, trying to cover his annoyance with humour.
"I don't know what to say, Mycroft... How do you know for definite?", John asked.
Mycroft Lestrade-Holmes was very good at putting the fear of God into people, especially if the situation involved his husband or children. He was a very powerful man and would not hesitate, for one second, to pull rank when he needed to.
“I think I am going to take her to the park today. Feed the ducks. It’ll be nice to get a bit of fresh air.”
“Then you may call me Mycroft.”
“I don’t understand it, John. If there is one thing I hate, it is an unpunctual criminal.”, Sherlock complained.
Molly went to bed first, saying her goodnights and putting away her tea mug before climbing the stairs to her room. Then Greg went upstairs to get changed, followed by Mycroft ten minutes later, who had finished his work for the evening. That left the Baker Street Boys alone, in the living room. John turned off his laptop, and placed it on the table next to him, just to realise that Sherlock had fallen asleep. He sat quietly for a moment, until Sherlock jerked, nearly falling off the sofa, before he tossed and turned a few times before sitting up, bolt right, and gasping.
“Like I said. It was the least I could do.”, Greg insisted.
“Mycroft, please. Right, I need to get this seen to.”, Greg nodded and then was left alone on the corridor whilst the eldest Holmes went to see how his brother was.
"Sherlock. No. You heard her... She wants us to be happy. So... Let's be happy.", John smiled a little, through his tears. Though it had been hard to see his dead wife in front of him, John felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders.
Sherlock took the bottle and began taking little sips of the water, wincing a little as he swallowed, due to his swollen throat. As Sherlock was drinking, John placed the thermometer on the coffee table and began to warm the end of his stethoscope.
"Er, do you mean, Dada? That's what she calls him.", Sherlock asked, looking at John, who mirrored his confusion.
“I’ve just had a thought…”, Molly said.
If anyone noticed the way that their touches lingered, or that their lips seemed particularly swollen, they didn’t say anything. However, Greg did think it was about time those two sorted themselves out and grinned at the thought that only those two would finally get it together whilst on a stake-out.
May 2020:
“An féidir leat an salann agus an piobar le do thoil, Scottie?”, Mycroft asked his brother, so Sherlock passed the salt and pepper over, as he’d been asked to, not batting an eyelid that he hadn’t been asked in English.
"Well then, in that case... The game is on.", Sherlock stated before beginning to bound down the stairs, his coat billowing out behind him.
"Greg? Are you okay?", John asked, concerned.
“Everyone else has gone. It’s just us.”, she told him, as she sat down next to him and snuggled into his side.
“It’s not your fault, John. I just… I don’t know. Today has been strange.” Sherlock replied, holding on tighter.
“Yes, my lovely.” John told her, as Sherlock got out the car, in a strop.
“Do you think Rosie will have been alright at Molly’s?”
So, as you all know, we are now in a national lockdown. Rosie, of course, is too young to fully understand what is going on but understands that we have to stay inside. Mycroft has been kind enough to set up a food delivery for us, so we don’t even need to go out shopping. Sherlock, of course, is sulking. He doesn’t like the fact that the amount of police has been limited on crime scenes and that he isn’t getting a look in. Luckily, I have some masks, from my doctor days, so we wear them when we go out. Hoping it becomes mandatory for everyone to be wearing them soon.
Sherlock had broken the news, that they had found Victor, to Victor's parents. It was the hardest thing he had ever done - even harder than leaving John behind for two years whilst he tracked down and put a stop to Moriarty's criminal network. John had been there for him, that day. He didn't say anything. He didn't need to. He was just there. Sherlock was more than grateful for his support. Things had been that way ever since John had broken down in front of Sherlock. In that moment, John needed him, and as Sherlock pulled him close, he knew that their support for each other ran deep.
"Yeah... We're going with Perseus Odysseus Lestrade-Holmes. But we're going to call him Percy for short.", Greg replied.
“I love you too, Sherlock.” John whispered back, anyway. Just in case.
Oliver sat at the table, directly opposite Sherlock, which did not go unnoticed by John, but he\ didn’t say anything. It was Greg’s turn for Rosie mealtime patrol, as was agreed prior to the trip to give both Molly and the Baker Street Boys a break once in a while.
“Everything alright, love?”, Greg asked his partner.
Sherlock didn’t say a word. He just nodded, as a tear escaped down his cheek. John, too, was crying but didn’t respond as Sherlock had already responded. Rosie noticed that the adults had gone silent, and quietly got up from where she was sat, and waddled over to Sherlock, climbed up onto his lap, with a little help from Sherlock, and wiped his tears away.
"Can we play our Shakespeare game whilst we walk?", Rosie asked, as Sherlock shut the front door behind them.
John was amazed at how touchy-feely Sherlock could actually be. When they had first met, Sherlock had barely looked at John. John had always fought for Sherlock’s attention, with crime solving taking the number one spot in Sherlock’s life. Now, it seemed as though crime solving was on the back burner. Sherlock was no longer shooting walls or yelling when he didn’t have a case. Instead, he would quietly occupy himself with other things. He would play with Rosie. Or, he would read something that would widen his knowledge. Or, he would find something else to occupy himself with whilst John pottered around the flat and Rosie played or napped.
“Boring."
“John…”, Sherlock whispered, bringing a hand up to John’s waist, to hold him steady.
“Who is that?”, John asked, and it was Greg who answered as Sherlock was just sat there staring after the man who was no longer stood there.
"Yeah, she did... But, Sherlock, her intelligence comes from you. Her speech has come on in leaps and bounds since we moved back here, and it's all thanks to you."
"Of course, they are. It is obvious."
The rest of that afternoon was spent in a pleasant silence, which was rare in the walls of 221B Baker Street. Often, there were buffs of boredom, shouting about cases or holes being blown into the wall with John's gun. Mrs Hudson was worried something was terribly wrong and even found herself missing the racket that usually floated down to her flat from the boys. It was in the silence that Sherlock appreciated John the most. As Sherlock worked at his experiment, John would hand him things he needed, without him needing to ask and every couple of hours and cup of tea or coffee would appear next to him, seemingly outbid thin air. John Watson had saved the life of Sherlock Holmes, the high functioning sociopath with a talent for solving difficult crimes and a habit of shooting up and getting high. But then Sherlock Holmes had provided sanctuary for John Watson. The soldier who never returned from the war found himself the perfect companion in the strange detective, getting the adrenaline kick and thrill he needed, all whilst finding himself happier than he had ever been. John Watson felt safe by Sherlock's side, even when they were running head-first into danger. The consulting detective was nothing without his blogger. And John's blog would be very mundane without his high functioning sociopath.
John tried to focus on his book but found himself reading the same sentence a hundred times because he couldn’t concentrate. Sherlock was still staring at the space where the man had been stood, no particular emotion showing on his face but he remained silent. Even Sherlock’s breathing seemed to be non-existent, like he was holding his breath.
The cold summer night air bit at their faces as the pair watched police officers running around, trying to get everything ready for the rescue.
“Indeed.”, Mycroft said, looking a little forlorn at the mention of Sherrinford and Eurus. Greg must have noticed as he didn’t say anything, but he put his hand on Mycroft’s thigh and gave it a squeeze before leaving it there for the rest of the fairly short drive. After the short conversation, everyone seemed to drift into their own little worlds.
"They are all mine, Papa!", Rosie grinned, causing John to chuckle. And as hard as he tried, Sherlock couldn't bring himself to scowl.
Sometimes bullies don't know the half of it...
“I’d like to go home.” Sebastian said, the cockiness that he had previously shown being nowhere in sight.
"Can I have Sherbet Lemons, please, Auntie Molly?", the little girl asked.
Sherlock Holmes, being used to not sleeping as much as John anyway, was still babbling about this and that as he followed John up the stairs to their flat.
Fair enough - SH
Sherlock is attentive and John couldn't be more grateful...
“Er, what?”, Rosie said, in a panic.
“I love you, Sherlock.”
Rosie was crying now, and simply ran to Sherlock, and dropped onto his lap, burying herself there. She had always done it, but it had been a while, since she was now 17.
“In a way, yes.”
“Sorry guys…
Mycroft and Greg sat in the front of the car, watching as John sat in the back, scowling to himself. Greg felt bad. He knew that Mycroft knew what he was doing but, at that moment, it seemed to be doing more harm than good. John had already been through so much but, and this pain was unnecessary. John wasn’t stupid. Greg knew that. And he knew that he would be making assumptions as to who Oliver was and would probably be right in those assumptions.  It was clear that Sherlock and Oliver had history. That issue, however, was put to one side in Greg’s mind as the car stopped, a few streets away from the house of the Brown’s, and they got out to walk the rest of the way. As they walked, Mycroft laced his fingers through his, and Greg felt guilty. Not because he didn’t enjoy it, but because he knew that John would see and that it would make him feel worse.
“We want that bastard to get what he deserves for what he has done. I always said that our Janie was too good for him.”, Mr Brown said, in his strong Glaswegian accent, despite him now residing in Edinburgh where their accents aren’t as prominent.
“Mr Smith, you need to think very carefully about you say next, as we were both there to witness you pulling the knife. Not only have you been the one who has made the most impact in this case, with you leading Dickinson, you have also blatantly lied to us. We know you were the ones doing small jobs. We have you on CCTV. We know that you are the one who convinced Dickinson to approach a 14-year-old girl in Horsforth, as you have been positively identified. Also, we know you’re lying because Perry Dickinson told me everything, from start to finish. Now, if you want to continue claiming innocence, then I suggest you make yourself scarce. We have some very good contacts on Prosecution.”, Greg told the man.
John huffs, brushing aside any impending existential crises. He crouches low and slips into stealth mode.
"Be still, you, and take it like a man," John half-groans, half-growls, circling his lover's balls with the iridescent edges. "Take it. Take it. Take it, you love it - you can't hide it from me." Blinking, he twigs to Sherlock's oncoming madness. John body-swerves nanoseconds before being impaled on boat-sized feet. "I see, then. I've discovered your kryptonite. Finally!"
"In truth, a clever strategy. It pleases me to know you're taking this seriously."
"Do it, Private," The captain bawls. John's so fucking loud his poor eardrum throbs in protest. "I can tell you've not done it, so do it!"
Sherlock will be rather put out when John puts his plan to the test. Tough shit. John is a soldier. John is a
Sherlock makes a face, relieved that his back is turned toward his captain. Precisely
"New as in what, precisely? Cherry flavoured lubricant? Six-inch black leather heels and a thong? Be more specific, complete with specs. I can hardly acquiesce to
"Tsk tsk, such a pathetic ninny you are," John scolds. "Do you require a second round of basic training?" Fingernails scrape down the detective's endless legs to lay claim to his ticklish feet. It's clearly pure agony, keeping still, all ten of John's digits doing their worst. "Yes," he coos, winding Sherlock up to new heights.
Sherlock feels like he's going to explode. "Permission to speak plainly, Sir?"
" he groans, toes curling. "John...John...John." The maddened man in questions laves tantalising jolts of liquid pleasure across Sherlock's wrinkled bud. His awareness that his blooming bliss is created using John's tongue leaves him unhinged, sensing shifting into overdrive. From the first the communion between John's mouth and his own bacteria-laden anus has seemed conceptually obscene; not, however, that mouths are in any way aseptic. Rimming is so dirty and perverse. Disgusting. Deviant.
"Sir?" the private begs, "I'm yours, and I'm ready." Soft currents of air brush up his thighs, circle around his toes, and sweep down to centre over his balls. "Captain?"
"Yes, Captain!" Sherlock bleats, unclear of what exactly he's affirming. It's yes, no matter what. Just yes. Yes yes yes.
Captain Watson's voice comes from nowhere and everywhere.
"In the mood for Chinese tonight, or curry?" John muses, delighted at the direction this is going. He still hasn't turned to face his lover. "I'm feeling a bit peckish this evening." The little releases a gentle sigh, barely audible above Sherlock's agitated huffs.
Sherlock settles into his single seat cinema bench, circa 1963. Czechoslovakian, of course, of premium oak and strong plywood. A simple design, yet perfect for his needs. Lumbar support, and all that. Ah, the Mind Palace, specifically the lower ground floor cinema.
"Hey! That's a secured storage cupboard!" John spits indignantly.
, John's mouth drops, shifting quickly from confused to amused. He'll have spelled "John" before you know it.
----------
John's breathing rate quickens. Sherlock hears him shuffle a minute distance closer, the stink of shame oozing from his pores.
Hell, he is a whore, if only for John. He can't bear it, being helpless. A wail of desperation fills his throat.
"Just so," John swallows hard.
The doctor leaps closer, like the well-trained medic that he is. Right enough, something type of liquid is dribbling down Sherlock's face from under his blindfold. It's vital John identify the source.
(See the end of the chapter for
Shaking his head vehemently, Sherlock shouts, "Out of the sodding question!"
“Yes. Well, he’s still straight and honestly he should be feeling this without knowing and he doesn’t. All the pinning is one way. He doesn’t feel anything.”
Sherlock threw himself down on the bed. It wasn't fair. He had spent so long coming to terms with the fact that John didn't want him. And now this. He uncuffed the button on his wrist and ran his fingers over the design. God must truly hate him. Being near John was the world and to know John didn't feel the same killed him every day. Someone must have got it wrong John wasn't even gay. Tears brimmed at the edge of Sherlock's eyes but he fought against them. Sentiment. He sniffed, Mycroft was right. Searching out his soulmate had been a terrible idea. He would never be wanted the way he so desperately craved.
The men stumbled in the door and John practically threw Sherlock on the bed.
Just say it, Sherlock schooled himself. John probably didn’t want to push you. He’d already expressed concern that he was taking it too fast.
The silence felt like it lasted an eternity. Fuck. Fuck. What had he done? John was horrified. Everything was ruined. Sherlock leapt away from him as if scolded.
“Can you grab the butter please, Sherlock.”
“Not so bad yourself.” Sherlock wore the lustful look John was sure he too was sporting. This was going to be an intense evening indeed.
John’s day had been slow and tedious. It was as though God or someone was teasing him. He could swear he treated at least 15 people for STI’s today and it was only noon but it didn’t stop the doctor’s glow of happiness. Sherlock was his soulmate. They had a date this evening. Everything was wonderful but it didn’t seem that Sherlock felt the same. The morning really plagued him. Ever since I brought up the concept of dating with Sherlock he’s been jumpy. He was also definitely watching some pretty disturbing porn this morning. It was strange he didn’t think of Sherlock as a sexual being. Well, that wasn’t quite true. He recalled many rather steamy fantasies in which Sherlock was a rather active participant. But did he really want what was in those videos? John felt confused. He and Sherlock had never talked about sex or anything like that. God, there was another uncomfortable conversation destined for their future.
“Sherlock…”
John had always had an inclination that if Sherlock were to ever to get into a romantic relationship, then it would be with a man. John wasn't homophobic. He'd be a bit hypocritical if he was, due to him swinging both ways. He didn't get the nickname 'Three Continents Watson', when he was in the army, for no reason. He'd even been in a steady relationship with James Sholto, before his accident. John hadn't wanted to end that relationship, either. It had been James who had pulled the plug on it, as he wanted to protect John from all of the hate he was getting. However, thinking Sherlock would be with a man was one thing. Seeing him smile, laugh, and even hold hands with someone was another thing. John had come to terms with the fact, years ago, when Sherlock had jumped and left him behind, that his romantic feelings towards his best friend would never be reciprocated. And, by the time Sherlock came back, it was too late. John had Mary, whom he loved so much. She was his rock.
Oh, hi Uncle Greg! He is telling me to wrap it up because they are on their way to pick us up. So, I am going to do that…”
"What’s that?", Rosie asked him, placing her finger on his nose.
"Did you use the 'sit and ignore her' technique?", Sherlock questioned.
“Not when you have a friend who runs the British government.”, Sherlock smiled at her, gaining a small smile from both Molly and Greg.
"As if you even need to ask, John.", Sherlock stated, rolling his eyes and taking Rosie off John.
“It’s Sherlock, he…”
“They are just going to tell us how bright she is. We know she is clever, John. She read the entirety of the Harry Potter books, on her own, before the age of 7. We don’t need some idiot teachers trying to tell us to challenge her and stretch her. What other 10-year-old do you know who does the things she can, in a lab?”
Sherlock then came out of their bedroom, in his coat and scarf, ready to go.
“Everything hurts. Why does everything hurt?”
Molly joined them after a few minutes, bringing drinks outside for everyone, before they spent the rest of the morning, and well into the afternoon, in the garden, running around with Rosie and chilling in the warm August sun. Surprisingly enough, it had yet to rain, which was common, not only in the UK, but especially at the Edinburgh Festival and Scotland in general. They had been extremely lucky, in that respect. Greg was finished just after lunchtime and then joined them all in the garden, having his turn to run around, leaving John and Sherlock to relax for a while on a blanket that had been laid down on the grass. Sherlock sat up, leaning back on his hands, watching his daughter chase his friends and play, whilst John (who had taken more painkillers) lay his head in Sherlock’s lap and dozed, due to the strong dosage of painkillers he was on.
“You’re okay. There is a slight wheeze to your breathing, but that will be because of the cold.”, John explained. Sherlock just gave him a small nod in reply, before wrapping his sheet around himself again.
Before John knew it, he felt Sherlock’s hands on his cheeks, with his lips getting closer to his. John grinned, closing the gap, finally kissing Sherlock. Sherlock seemed to melt into the kiss, as John took the lead. They pulled away, breathless, and John let out a shiver.
It was at that moment that they were joined by the little girls' Uncles, who had promised to join, so they could feed the ducks with Rosie.
After an hour, or so, of comfortable silence, with John finishing his online shopping, and Sherlock slipping into his mind palace, Sherlock's phone lit up, with a phone call from Lestrade. John didn't need to hear the conversation to know that Sherlock was being offered a case, due to the look on Sherlock's face. As soon as he got off the phone, Sherlock ran to get his coat, scarf and gloves.
"Daddy! Daddy! You've got to come quickly. Lockie has been hurt.", she yelled, causing the patients in the waiting area to look at the child with concern, and for John to pop his head out of his office door.
Knowing Molly was safe in Greg’s hands, Sherlock climbed into the ambulance with his daughter in it, who was now passed out on a mix of exhaustion and pain relief for her arm (which was definitely broken, according to the paramedic).
"Sherlock... Rosie is fine. And I know. Because I felt all of that too. I had to do everything in my power to stop myself from putting my fist through that bastard's face, for hurting those gorgeous kids.", John replied, holding onto Sherlock tightly.
“Barts. ICU. He’s overdosing.”, Greg told him quickly.
She sat behind her desk, and Sherlock and John then proceeded to sit next to Rosie, on chairs that were much too small, even for John, but Sherlock didn’t say anything. He just sighed as he sat, feeling like he was hovering just off the floor.
“We used to have conversations in French all of the time, didn’t we, Sherlock?”, Oliver piped up.
Rosie sat on her bed, scrolling through her phone, trying to put off the inevitable. Her Dad and Pa were back from the case they had been on. She had heard them come in. It didn’t mean she was any less scared though. It wasn’t that she didn’t think they would accept what she had to tell them. It was more that the whole situation was stressing her out. She had spoken to Molly about it. Molly, being her godmother, and only female figure in her life, apart from her grandmother and Nana Hudson, was more than happy to sit with Rosie and talk through things with her. It had helped her massively. She didn’t think her Pa would be particularly happy that she had told Molly about it first, but he would just have to get over it.
“Sherlock, I…”, John whispered, closing his eyes at the sensation of being so close to Sherlock.
“Ah, there you two are… Rosie has just been showing us her writing.”, Greg smiled, noticing that their hands were entwined, but didn’t mention it.
“Good morning, love.”, Sherlock said.
“In the garden. It looks as though Rosie is sharing her botanical knowledge with her favourite Auntie.”, Mycroft said, causing them all to look out of the kitchen window and watch as Rosie pointed at plants before talking animatedly at her Auntie.
“That sounds perfect.”
“What’s the plan for today?”
July 2020:
Sherlock simply nodded in reply, still glowing bright red.
"Good. That's good.", Sherlock smiled a little.
John finished his speech, and sighed, with a smile. He felt like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He left the front door and locked it, for the last time, before joining Sherlock next to the van.
"John. You stay with Sherlock and get him seen to. I'll take Rosie and make sure she is safe. Keep me updated.", Mycroft said. John simply nodded, and clung to Sherlock, as he watched his daughter climb into the back of the car with the man, still distraught. John knew she'd be safe with Mycroft, which meant he could focus on worrying about Sherlock.
“Thanks, Greg.”, she smiled, looking proud of herself.
John was in tears before Sherlock had even asked the question, but replied, “Of course I will, you daft git. Now get up off the cold floor. You’re not getting any younger and the frost is setting in…”
“Then you’re not going anywhere.” Sherlock promised. The pair then sat in silence, encased in each other, sharing soft kisses when they wanted, until Greg came to collect them.
“Please, Dad.”
He woke up the morning after the case, after having had to have jabs at the hospital because of the Thames being so dirty, to find he felt like someone had stuffed cotton wool up his nose and into his sinuses. He rolled over in bed a groaned, which caused him to start coughing, which led to more groaning and more coughing. He felt like hell. He wrapped himself up in his bed sheet, even though he already had his pyjamas on, and made his way, slowly, to the living room. His legs felt like lead and it felt like there was a baby elephant residing on his chest.
"Mycroft's.", Sherlock replied.
Sherlock, as much as they fought, knew that Mycroft had everyone's best interests at heart, especially when it came to himself. The amount of times Mycroft had sat with him whilst he was coming down from a high, or paid his rent, or had even sat and watched him sleep, just to make sure, was enough to see how Mycroft cared for his brother. Sherlock and his brother had an unspoken rule between them, in that neither of them mentioned any of these things, but both were grateful of each other all the same. Sherlock continued to work on communicating with his sister, also, desperate for her to realise that she was forgiven, and that he was there for her, knowing what being lonely felt like.
“Piss off.”, John laughed.
"But you promised me you wouldn't. Are you back on the drugs too?", John asked, folding his arms, looking angry.
We had a semi-normal day, today. We took Rosie to the park, where she ran around for hours, and had an ice cream and then came home. It was nice. Luckily, Sherlock hasn’t got any long-term illnesses after having corona, but he does seem to get breathless quicker now. He gave up smoking again, luckily, as well. He had to when he had corona because he couldn’t face smoking on top of not being able to breathe anyway. So, in a way, some good has come out of him having it.
“Obviously.”, Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes, just to get an elbow in his ribs from his husband.
"Screw what Billy says, Ed. He's not friends with royalty.", Morwenna told her brother, causing him to giggle and her dads to begin to chuckle a little.
"I love you too, John.", Sherlock replied, grinning, before pulling John in for a kiss.
When they had finished eating, they began walking again, until they found themselves opposite the tower, once more. The lights had been put on, and the tower was lit up like a Christmas tree. John looked at up at it, smiling. He turned his head to find Sherlock looking at him.
"They're Rosie's. She picked them when she went shopping with Molly the other day, whilst we were out on the case.", John replied, not looking up from his laptop.
“John…” Sherlock said, kneeling in front of him, placing his hands on his knees carefully.
Ok, but I find out that my daughter has been anywhere near any dead bodies then it will be your murder they are investigating next - JW
“I believe we call that One – all, Sherlock.”, Greg chuckled, making both John and Mycroft blush even deeper as Sherlock joined in his chuckling.
“I am sent to bid you come into dinner.”, Oliver said, with a fake smile, the quote from Much Ado About Nothing (one of Sherlock’s favourite Shakespeare plays during his uni days) not going unnoticed by the detective.
“Is now the time to mention that both Mycroft and I are fluent in French too?”, Greg said, glaring at Oliver.
“Are they harmed?”, Sherlock asked his brother.
"Well, he is smart, kind, and he loves me. He is good with Rosie. He gets on with Mycroft and Greg. He is just, well, he is perfect, really.", Sherlock replied.
“The cheek on you, lady.”, John chuckled, as the other grown-ups all laughed at the little girl.
The service was as quiet as the first had been. Rosie, along with John and Mycroft, had given a eulogy and then she had played the violin (something her Pa had begun to teach her when she was just four years old). Everyone then piled into 221 Baker Street, which was now John’s solely (after it had been left to both him and Sherlock upon Mrs Hudson’s death a few years prior), where they ate sandwiches and exchanged stories about the great consulting detective.
November 2020:
“You’re not going to this time, though, right?”
“So, we need to be in the house today, preferably, to see where we can hide. We expect that they’ll arrive sometime on Thursday afternoon, so that gives us the rest of today to scope out where we hide in the house, and a day to get to know the local force and get them up to speed with what is going on here.”, Lestrade said.
“Papa. I know cars cannot really fly, but isn’t it a good story?”, Rosie said, as she bobbed up and down on Sherlock’s shoulders. They were walking from the theatre to the tube station and Sherlock had immediately pulled Rosie up onto his shoulders, as he knew she would start whining if she had to walk too far.
"I know. You're a big softie, really. Don't worry, though. Your secret is safe with me, Sherlock.", John smiled.
"Othello."
“What colour? Yours have lots of colours. What are mine?”, Rosie asked, concentration pulling her face tight and her mouth in a line.
“Oooh… Yes. I’m excited, Dada.”
John looked up slowly, his eyes filled with tears. He couldn’t remember when he had started crying but he knew it had begun in frustration and ended in fear
"She's too smart for her own good."
“I love you too.”, Sherlock grinned, before kissing John softly and then pulling away to watch his daughter’s chest move up and down, so he knew she was definitely breathing.
“Right, Greg… We need to find them. Now. Any news off Mycroft?”, he asked.
John then hung up the phone and turned to face Sherlock.
“But it isn’t fair.”, Rosie complained.
A week before John and Rosie were due to move back in, Sherlock woke up to find Mycroft in his living room, already drinking a cup of tea, which Sherlock figured had come from Mrs Hudson.
“By the end of next week, hopefully.”
“Well, here we are then…”, Mycroft announced as he pulled up outside a rather nice-looking detached house.
The group left in the kitchen fell back into their normal rhythm, with Greg offering to do the washing up, leaving Molly to call an early night, saying it was her turn for bath and bed duty with Rosie, despite her looking after her during the day. That left Sherlock and John to sit quietly in the living room, the pair taking up the armchairs by the window.
It started like this, with a «glass of water, the ham we ate got me super thirsty last night.» and a reassuring smile.
He can't rest. That's the best and worst thing at the same time. His brain is a machine, it never rests. It is constantly busy deducing important things and less important things, always working whether it's a case or the way someone is limping on the stairs. He can't rest. His fingers brush absently on the armrest of his chair, tracing imaginary patterns while his mind is self inducing something in his Mind Palace.
John's voice is hitting too close to home. Or, his silence is.
Now he faces it. He has to.
He remembers tortured companions, days and nights spent stitching up friends' arms and lips and broken fingers and ribs and legs and
Heart beating fast in his throat, heart clenching tightly in his chest, John runs fast to Sherlock's door, slamming the door open. «Sherlock, what's going on?!» breath short, trembling hands. Adrenaline is flowing angrily in his veins.
«Us all? So it's not just me, isn't it?» he's grinning wide, proud of his point being made. Jesus christ, humans.
Love,
Huffs, small annoyed laugh. He knows. «No, it's not. He wouldn't send you a
But she never mentions this.
John wasn't really attentive the past two days. Didn't pay attention to Sherlock, by the way. So he's hungry. But his stomach is twisting in a not-hungry way. He did got the milk on his was back home. Wasn't John happy? But why did he care? Since when did he care about John's opinion?
comes to you with this genius plan and
Breathe.
He suts his eyes and digs the nails in the palms of his balled up hands. Breathe. He is a doctor and a soldier and his friend is clearly in need of help.
Don't touch the cracks on the concrete, concentrate.
He is not angry. He looks defeated, a bit...sad?
«It's not
«What the hell Sherlock? Please clean the fridge, like, now.»
He did everything right. «
Alert.
John thinks Mycroft was okay with the whole plan? Of course he does. He doesn't know what they were playing with, he doesn't know what Moriarty's plan was.
He needs a case. What was that with the dead dog? Ah yes, the jealous cousin and the dead mother.
«Alone
«I asked him! Look i know it might sound strange but- »
John fights against the impulse to strangle him. «Of course I do. But you let him fake his own death and
«Sherlock, dear. You should at least shower and eat something! » soft knocking at his door. Mrs Hudson's high pitched voice coming from the hallway.
the room is too dark and the lack of light is grinding his whole body, lungs crushing and drying out like raisins and the pressure in his ears is making his mouth feel weird and eyes shut tight tight
Small steps, rings clicking on the handrail. Mrs Hudson. Smell of food. She thinks he could confuse gnocchi and human thumbs too. «Sherlock, dear? I brought you something to eat. John said he was going to be late, so i thought-»
«Mycroft, what is going on? » the doctor's nostrils are flared with stress, eyes staring directely at the elder Holmes.
lingers in the room.
«that you might like Sarah?»
Did he?
«Sherlock, it's going to be fine.»
«Nope, working.» tap the cases, pretend to work. Pretend to work so they leave you alone, it always worked with his family. He'd pretend he was doing homeworks for
The anger armour falters a little. Eyes blink rapidly three, four times. Straightens posture. Licks his lips. «My stuff is all here. I was coming back home.» feet shift a bit, not really taking a step forward but neither distancing himself. «Sherlock I was coming back home. You knew i was.»
He is pursing his lips.
Does he wish he did?
Love,
Aaaaand here it is.
And he would put the plates in the sink to wash them in the morning and every morning, when she woke up at 6:00 o'clock, 30 minutes just before him, there was always one more glass in the pile of dirty dishes.
because it was just
His eyes touches John's figure for half a second and something starts to squeeze tightly his respiratory tract.
that John was going to wait for him. He gave for granted that John
Let me know what you think of it, your opinion is important to me!
Did he talk out loud? He did. «Christ, as in 'Jesus Christ this is so easy even you could have got it if you tried hard enough, Graham'.»
he should have told John about the plan or
«Yeah.»
«Don't lie to me, you know there's no use in it.»
There's a lifeless body on the concrete right in front of his eyes -blue deep blue blue blue blue- and his brain just can't focus. Man in his forties, sleep deprived, marriage, a sad one if you asked his ring finger. Nails bitten but only on one of his hand, nervous habit and a job that kept his working hand -left, just like john- John
John doesn't say anything, though.
«Please, you need to look at him John!» the old woman looks miserable. «Please! You were his only friend, he doesn't want anyone near him!» she's obviously figthing tears now.
John.
Is he losing him? Did he scare John?
It's not. This is the thing that fuels Sherlock's anger the most. It's not okay, he's not okay. His world is coming crusching down on his head and melts like glue and all he can do is trash around to keep breathing. He's not okay.
maybe he misunderstood. And he knew he couldn't trust his own feelings, because he lacked experience. He could not get himself to look John in the eyes, fearing details
«You are, then.» suddenly the ticking of John's watch is too loud. And the food too scented. And the air too thin.
Sadness.
Mycroft is standing behind his brother, not sure if he should interfere or let them be. But Sherlock is not shaking, he is not tense, his shoulder are not squared in defence. He looks smaller as his black mop of curls hangs lower and lower, fists slowly relaxing.
Mycroft is standing still, back to John, his head hungs low. «I need you to understand that it was extremely difficult for me. I don't need to make sure you are aware of war's dynamics. You know war, Doctor Watson. I could not-»
Not stupid.
He has her. John found better company. What kind of friend could Sherlock be to John?
, John. It seems to be a very recurrent trait in
Sherlock hears the blood pumping in his temples. «John. I know your life was taking another turn but-no, please let me talk. He won't let anyone in. I am begging you to be the friend he needs.»
He can never rest.
Or maybe it is.
He used to be a messy kid until he suddendly was not. It got worse and worse and lines and schemes and patterns and colours and emotions just mess things up! Anger doesn't goo with red, sadness doesn't match with blue! It doesn't it doesn't
He feels exposed. Does he look sad? Why does he look sad?
Does John know then? Is he angry? Is he going to try and talk to him about it? «What. Are. You. Talking. About.» fake boredom, deep sigh «Eggs are becoming maggots, please go away.» He returns to the lying corpse on the slab, examines once more the petechial bleeding and the burnt fingertips as if he needs to be more sure.
he never could. He couldn't stop when he was only a child and he scared Mycroft off with his
«Sherlock, it's John. Can i touch you?»
«Definitely, yes. He is sleeping.»
Hungry for details, hungry for distractions.
«It's not like i have a choice here, you tried to crush my fingers.» his right middle one is starting to redden up a bit. A dull ache is echoing in his ears.
«Sherlock.»
Eyes shut, seven seconds to get a grip on his running train of thoughts.
His hands are furiously shaking in the air, raising to cover his mouth and nose and block whatever is bothering his olfaction.
«He saw you.»
She noticed. She does notice every time the flat goes silent. She hears the way the floor stop squeaking under his light weight.
rock back and forth, his own organism trying to shut down panic before it's too late.
No, no, no!
Four,
«What happened?»
Loud thump against the table, skin on skin,
Mycroft doesn't turn, keeps staring out of the window with what probably are sad eyes. He points something with his hands behind his back and John takes few seconds before getting the imput. «Take a sit, Dr Watson. This is not going to be a light tell.»
John's heart shrinks and sinks. Sherlock's eyes are red rimmed, the bruise from the previous episode now dark and the blood dry.
he tries hard to not kick him in the shins.
the rambling goes on for a bit. The speaker are muffled by a thick layer of a gooey matter, fog that lays and melt on the walls and lights and windows and
The doctor looks at his shoes, purses his lips. «I was..?» he needs to clear his throat «I still am.» it sounds more like a question.
The crooks of his elbows are tinted in deep blue, purple marks. Half of his forearm is covered with the same kind of bruises, alterning with small circular ones of an angry red tone and yellowish spots. He didn't smoke anymore, but he did throw a full ashtray at the door. Ashes everywhere.
And it hit him on the pit of that rooftop tha maybe
. Focus, he needs to focus.
Few cups filled with empty syringes.
It doesn't suit John.
«Sherlock, why didn't you tell me?»
the only thing he feels distinclty right now is his won heartbeat bursting in his ears. His stomach is tight. Legs feel like they need to start running.
«What should we do now? He won't talk about it, right?» she is standing on the armrest, hands resting on her knee.
«John, as I already explained to you it was necessary. I did not mean for
Alert, concentrate.
That's what he noticed. The way his brain seems to fill up with fog and bags under blue eyes and deep blue deep blue
might be a problem?» and he is trying to keep his voice calm but his throat pushes the words out angrily and roughly and he feels ready to end a man.
. His tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth as he thinks so. Dead. It looks like when he visited Mrs Hudson the day he proposed to Mary and Sherlock came back. Dust fills the room, the courtains slightly parted, one side is stabbed to the wall as to remain open.
It's all coming too fast before his eyes, words and images and memories and sounds and smells and
induced state.
Something in the way Mycroft's feet shift on the floor feels like heavyness, John's leg gives in a couple time with a sudden sharp pain. He hasn't felt this pain for a long time. John stare at the man's back, shoulder straight and tense.
Sherlock was alive. John looked like death. He punched him, straight in the face. More than once. And the passive aggressive mourning John came back that night.
«John. I am- »
Maybe that's the whole point right now. Nobody seems to recognise the hell he's been through to save their life, but at the same time he cannot bring himself to believe he deserves recognition. He hurt them, he hurt
complicated and structured he could
Mrs Hudson can't see him now can't see him now
He can't push him.
«Listen, I know it's shit. But you have to let me in. I did it with you and it helped.»
Sherlock slowly removes his hand, lifts his head to look at John. He makes to talk, but John's finger is fast to shut him up. «Don't you da-don't you dare contradict me.»
Twitter: @stubbornqueer
John's wearing a new jumper. Why is that?
Clenching teeth, clenching fists, crumpled paper. Alert, alert. «Right.» look casual.
The thing about perceiving everything that meets one of your senses is that your brain never rest. If he closes his eyes to avoid involuntary deductions, he still hears the way a person speaks too fast and then falters or the weird pauses in which he can almost picture the lies taking form.
The Detective Inspector rubs one finger on his brows, furrowed. «It's...it's about Sherlock.» his words are not sure and his tone is thin and an awkward pause separates his next rambling mess. «Look I know we are not that close to be discussing this but I don't think he's fine. Is he using again? Have you seen how thin he got for god's sake he is so pale i mean-» he cuts himself off scratching his neck and puffing out air and frustration.
Blinks quickly, one two three four five six seven times.
Lestrade looks baffled at him, lips parted and head tilted forward. When he sees John is not joking, he seems to get a grip on himself. «'sorry man, but I don't even think Sherlock likes- » he gesticulates eloquently, hands waving and eyes looking for agreement in John's.
Stings, burns, claws at his ribcage. What the hell is this.
He needs to be. His eyelids flutter quickly, corneas and pupils hit by the sunlight.
John is not family.
«What the hell was that about? Time for spring cleaning in that Mind Palace of yours? » voice is thick, a bit salty. Grip loosens. Body hesitates, worry is probably making its way through the blue eyes- he won't look at them. Deep blue. Deep deep blue. Deep as water. Deep as a
What the
«Then answer me, what is all of this about?» touch is still steady on his pulse, voice a little softer now.
«Don't.»
the globe, but the idea that John might start a new life without him never crossed his mind.
Feel.
«Have you tried to kill yourself, John?»
Blood.
He doesn't understand what he did wrong. What is it? Was the the the the the the the
he should have left a letter or
There's something so wrong about this picture, so wrong. They way Sherlock keeps looking at him with panic, eyes oozing with distress and anxiety.
«John?» small whisper.
He needs to repeat it quite few times before he's able to say it out loud. «Have you tried to kill yourself?» and Sherlock looks at him baffled, mouth open and shocked.
John stares at him for a moment, gaze darting between Sherlock's face and his arm,
«Okay uhm, Sherlock? You are making no sense, calm down. Please.»
Will he move in with her?
The doctor stares at him, mouth open and hands stuck mid-air. «Sherlock, you're making no sense. Calm down, breathe in.»
alert.
He doesn't hear a thing. He doesn't want to hear a thing. He can
John was in his head, reminding him to stay awake and alive. Awake and alive.
30 something and typing "sex marks" on google. For a case, of course. John's case. He'd call it "why do i have to make public the fact that i eloped with Sarah" on his stupid website. Sherlock actually enjoys John's blog. Not stupid.
«I nee-» he gulps and shuts his mouth, forehead suddenly worried, eyes closed. He presses a hand on his lips and it becomes clear. John rushes the bin in front of him, the recipient full of balled up pieces of paper and glasses and needles. As soon as he sees the bin, Sherlock empties his stomach in it. John sees Mycroft facing away from the scene and then drops his eyes on the vivid red in his friend's vomit. Blood.
«You alright, John?» flushed face, eyes flying away on random objects.
He can't pinpoint
No, but he can't oust the feeling.
Seven,
«You should slow down, you'll get bloated if you keep eating like that!» she tried to joke. She really tried to get to him.
At that, he does snort. «
When he finally speaks, another mood swing bursts in the conversation with a low, caring tone of voice. «Did you?»
What a hypocrite he would be, telling his best friend to stop using when he can't stop filling glasses and emptying bottles.
It was supposed to be a nice- no, the best night of his life. He wanted to propose to her. He wanted to start again, all over from the start. Mary was his new start.
He tried to
the detective looks annoyed, his mouth trembling with the instant wave of nausea that comes along with his petty eyeroll. «Why should I? Are you my mother?»
abort mission,abort mission. The alarm sirens go silent in his head. The fog dissipates. The walls are made of sand and they are collapsing over him.
it through. He didn't consider
«John I'm sorry I can't be quiet, I can't be quiet!» he's murmuring frantically, scared voice wet of tears. «They always hear me, they alway do.» he shakes his head and close his eyes again.
He needs to stop thinking about the marks on John's body. That's it. Or the way he massaged his aching legs. Or how tired he looked.
No no no no no no no!
John is not coming back home.
Slow minutes go by as they all stay still, all except for Sherlock whose trashing is coming to an end.
“Oh, yeah… And we are a household of straight, law-abiding citizens.”, Rosie joked, causing Sherlock and John to laugh.
“We went to that shop… We had cans of coke and strawberry bon-bons. It was a nice day too.”, Sherlock carried on. “Anyway… I’ve been remembering more and more ever since, well… You know what.”, Sherlock explained.
“Good morning, Rosie, John. I trust you slept well?”, Sherlock asked.
“Sit up for me.”, John asked, as Sherlock had sprawled himself along the sofa.
“How was your day?”, John asked Molly.
“Of course. Do you remember it?”, Molly asked, shifting a little to hold the child tighter.
Rosie was been dropped off the next day, after she had been taken to school in her Uncle Mycroft’s sleek car (which had made her the talk of her class) and then picked up in a police squad car by her Uncle Greg (making a lot of the mum’s at the gate swoon at the sight of the silver-haired fox). As soon as she saw her Dad and Papa she knew something was different and produced a grin that reached her ears.
“Yes. It was very productive, Rosie. I hear you showed Auntie Molly all of your plant knowledge.”, Sherlock told the young girl, who was now climbing up his legs so she could sit on his lap.
“To the parents of Smith’s second wife, we believe; she died in a car accident. They live in Edinburgh. They have already been told to be expecting us, and to not tell the pair that the police know they’re going there.”
"Mycroft. Greg. How are you?", John asked.
"If you don't mind, Sherlock, I am trying to do something here, and you pacing and huffing is seriously starting to piss me off.", John told him.
“Does this mean…”
“Erm… Sherlock…”, John warned, his face saying, ‘bit not good, Sherlock’.
Oooo, this is good one from KrisAliteron. Shag, Marry, Avoid… Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Draco Malfoy… Well, we all know I am the biggest simp for Draco Malfoy, so I would definitely marry him. I would probably say I’d shag Harry, because he is the chosen one and it would be cool to brag about, which means I would have to kill Ron, which is sad. I like Ron…”
“Scottie, come and look at this…”, Mycroft called to his brother, Sherlock smiling at the childhood nickname that Mycroft had used.
"Just answer the question, Sherlock...", John said, rolling his eyes, but smiling.
"No."
“Dickinson.”, Greg nodded, taking a gulp out of a bottle of water before the pair headed back into the interview room, where Smith had been removed, and Dickinson was now sat, his elbows on the table and his head in his hands.
"Well, what person, killing someone they know, snips the telephone wires and smashes their mobile phones? Also, Greg... It's like you said. They were a wealthy family but the only money taken was that from the daughter's purse, which didn't amount to all that much, and the father paid for everything by card or cheque. Everyone who knew the man would know that he didn't pay for things by cash, so why would they go looking in the house for it?", Sherlock explained.
Rolling his eyes, with a smile, Greg then placed a kiss to Rosie’s cheek, which caused her to giggle with excitement, a sight that made even Oliver smile.
"No, my sweet. Papa is very happy."
Sherlock sat up slowly, trying to hold in a groan, so it wouldn’t start off another coughing fit.
Both men reached a crying Rosie, to find the constable doing everything she could to try and stop her crying.
“Fab. I look forward to hearing from you. Well done today, Rosie. You’re really progressing in time for your exam.”
"Okay, go on then... From the start...", Sherlock urged.
John then slipped into unconsciousness, as he was taken towards the ambulance outside and Sherlock melted, sobbing into his brother’s chest, Mycroft’s arm protectively around his little brother. Greg was torn. The situation itself gave him the feeling that he may cry too but the affection between the two brothers made him want to smile. John was taken to the hospital, with Sherlock following in the car, whilst Mycroft and Greg finished up with the investigation. Sherlock didn’t make any noise but the tears still rolled down his cheeks as he sat beside John’s bedside. He felt awful. He knew John would have been angry with him for the sudden loss of his company the previous night. And the fact that Sherlock hadn’t offered up any explanation. The appearance of Oliver had thrown him massively. The last time they had seen each other, hadn’t exactly gone well. Sherlock had been so young. He was barely 23. But, he had found a safe haven with Oliver. They had been together for a while. In fact, he knew that Sebastian Wilkes had always been good friends with Oliver and had found himself surprised when Oliver wasn’t mentioned when they had gone to the bank. He had been grateful that he wasn’t mentioned though. Mycroft had never approved of Oliver but had seen how happy his brother had been so didn’t say anything. Things changed in their relationship when Sherlock was in his final year of University… Oliver had got in with a new crowd. He’d started taking drugs so Sherlock did too. He was imprisoned and Sherlock was nearly too, until Mycroft intervened. Mycroft had nearly found Sherlock dead that day, high as a kite in a drug den, lay in his own vomit and other bodily fluids. Sherlock had then been kept way from Oliver, which he hated Mycroft for. The last time they saw each other had been painful. It turned out that Oliver, in the two weeks that Sherlock hadn’t seen him, hadn’t just been with someone else, he had, in fact, got married. His mother had made him, it had seemed, to clean his act up and get him straightened out, quite literally. Sherlock was heart-broken and had declared himself married to his work, from that moment.
"Sherbet Lemons it is.", Molly smiled, adding them to the trolley.
“Case is solved. I’ll be back soon. I thought, maybe, if you, er, wanted to, that we could go on to Blackpool. Maybe get fish and chips and have a walk down the front.”
“I know. But I also knew that if he thought Dickinson had cracked then he would tell us everything. Dickinson has already told officers that he is sorry and that he has done it. It won’t be as difficult to get a full confession out of him.”, Greg told him.
"Okay... I don't have any painkillers that you can have, so I'm going to have to clean and stitch it, and you're going to have to grit your teeth, okay?", John asked.
“We haven’t spoken to Dickinson yet…”, Mycroft smiled.
“Thank you for this, Mycroft.”, Greg smiled.
"Well, it hurt less than getting shot.", Sherlock smirked.
“Thanks for letting us know, Mycroft.”, John smiled.
“I just killed someone, Greg. I’m a murderer.”, Molly sobbed, clinging to Greg.
“Hi followers!”, he replied absently, as he was putting the cups into the sink.
John sighed and lifted his head, opening his eyes.
“I think Rosie will like it here.”, Sherlock commented, between mouthfuls of chips.
"He's not. He's bisexual."
When they stopped off at the motorway services, they pulled up and Sherlock groaned.
"So, you didn't think that the universe was important but you remembered by favourite crisps and what size jumper I wore, long before we were even best friends?", John asked, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's shoulders while the taller man's wrapped around the ex-soldier's waist.
Molly got hugs of all four males (Mycroft included – which shocked her a little), and then Greg took the car and John and Sherlock went outside before Oliver arrived. They had all agreed to not tell Rosie just yet, what with the pregnancy being so early days, and so that she didn’t get too overexcited at the prospect of having a child to play, and no doubt teach.
“She’s not alone, though, John… He took Molly too. He must have drugged her whilst she was asleep because she would have made noise and struggled. We would have heard her.”, Greg commented.
“Keep it, love. You can take me to dinner instead.”, Mycroft replied sleepily, before they shared a goodnight kiss, and they too went to sleep.
"But I didn't think you were into men because of the whole 'I'm not gay' business."
“I’m sure it can’t be much longer now, Sherlock.”, John tried to reassure his friend. The space they were in was only a little bigger than an aeroplane toilet, and it had been a long time that they had been stuck in there.
Sherlock’s ears pricked up at the sound of his daughter’s cries and he and John began running to the small figure, who was now running towards them.
"Papa is happy now, Dada. Don’t you worry. He’s not crying no – I mean any- more.", Rosie explained to her father, John noticing how much her speech had come along after leaving her with Sherlock whilst he was working so much.
Well, at least he might learn his lesson from this. Thank you for looking after him. I know he doesn’t make it easy. – MH
“What was her name?” John asked.
“So, Greg… £20, was it?”, John asked the DI.
“Which hospital?”, came the interrupted reply.
“I’m glad you’re excited, Rosie. We are too.”, Sherlock smiled.
"And, Sherlock... I love you too. You're one of the most amazing human beings I have ever known. I knew, as soon as you came back, that you loved John. But you never said a thing. You stepped aside and let John be happy and I cannot thank you enough for allowing yourself to not be happy for our sake. Now it is your turn.
“I have my ways…”, Greg told him, a glint in his eye. Anthea, having been worried for her boss, had agreed to text Greg updates. “Anyway, are you coming? I’ve booked us a table for 8. It probably isn’t what you’re used to, but it’s my favourite place.”, Greg told him opening the passenger door of his six-year old Audi, which had definitely seen better days.
“Tu m’as beaucoup manqué, mon amour. J’aurais aimé que nous ne soyons jamais séparés.”, Oliver said, staring at Sherlock longingly.
“Well, you know what he’s like, Greg…”, John smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Molly… Oh my. Thank God, you’re okay.”, Greg said, pulling her into a hug, as Sherlock just stood there, looking down at Oliver, who was now dead.
Sherlock Holmes never got ill. In fact, he prided himself on his robust immune system. However, after one particular case, where Sherlock had been plunged into the Thames by a person who had murdered their wife, in December, he was not well.
“Really? Let’s see then…”, Sherlock grinned, putting his daughter down, so she could lead them to where she had been writing at the coffee table in the living room.
Molly and Rosie stayed out of the boys’ way as they got ready and ate breakfast. During all of this, there was still no sign of Sherlock and, as they were leaving, Mycroft informed John that Sherlock would be meeting them there. John didn’t know what to think. He hadn’t been able to get to sleep due to running the events of the evening over and over in his mind, trying to figure out if he’d done anything wrong. The mysterious Oliver Grady had appeared and turned everything upside down. In all of the time that John had known Sherlock, he had never seen him act like that. He hadn’t even reacted that badly to the Woman, so John knew that this man was important, in some way. The way Mycroft had spoken to him too and how Oliver had said ‘My Will’, as though he owned Sherlock. John didn’t like it. He didn’t like it one bit.
“I saved her life John. I think that warrants a small favour in return.”, Sherlock smirked, causing John to smile widely.
Sherlock is doing John's head in, as usual...
Sherlock’s eyes shot to Rosie, who seemed to find the hem of her skirt very interesting all of a sudden.
“Dad, I’m sorry… I wasn’t thinking. I know how much worry I put you through last week. I am sorry.”, Rosie apologised to John.
“We are on holiday but there is no sand.”, she told her, looking a little confused.
Sherlock searched through the different shows, until he got to Alvin. He pressed play, and then picked up the science research paper he had procured, as he was not stooping so low as to sit and watch chipmunks talk and get into trouble.
Sherlock, laughing a little, stood, before placing the ring on John’s finger. It was a perfect fit, of course. It would if it was from a Holmes, after all. Sherlock then pulled John close and kissed him tenderly, both men smiling into the kiss and giggling a little. They then went home, knowing that Rosie was staying the night in the Lestrade-Holmes household (they’d got married and Rosie had been a very excited bridesmaid), and they had the most sensational sex that John had ever had. Sherlock had really gone all out for the special occasion, as John always found sex with Sherlock extremely satisfying.
Sherlock sighed and got up off the floor, so he could sit next to John. He sat on the bench and took a deep breath, before beginning to explain.
Danny came over tonight. We watched TV for a bit and then ordered and Indian, when Dad came home. Thankful that Dad likes him. Goodnight came when Danny left at around half ten, on his motorbike. I spoke to Dad for a while longer and then we both went to bed.
By that time, his Dad and older sister had joined them in the living room.
“No. You went out last week, drinking and doing god-knows-what, with god-knows-who. You were told you weren’t going out past 11 for two weeks. That was the agreement. Now, seeing as it only happened last week, that time frame is not over yet.”
"Why would I be mad? I was going to ask if you'd adopt Rosie, anyway. I mean, so we could co-parent. She has already lost her mum, and she needs someone if anything happens to me. It makes sense for it to be you.", John explained.
“That was a nice wake up call.”, he said.
“For God’s sake, John. You don’t have to chase me around London.”
“He just said that he had missed me and he wished we had never been apart, which is stupid. I mean, how much more obvious can it be that I have moved on and that I love you now. I haven’t even thought about him in years. Well, since I fell for you after you shot the bad cabbie, anyway… I mean, it’s literally been years, why would he think…”, Sherlock said until he was cut off by a pair of lips covering his, shocking him into silence. It wasn’t a long kiss, but warmth spread from Sherlock’s chest throughout his body, and he smiled a little.
“Tarragon chicken sounds good, Mol, but maybe something simpler tonight? I had a text when I went to loo. I’m needed with Greg and Mycroft. So is John, if he’s feeling up to it. After all, there will be an extra charge on Smith for the attempted murder of John.”, Sherlock told her.
“I, well, I think that I am, no… I know that I am bisexual. And I have been seeing this girl. And she is amazing, and I don’t know. I didn’t want you to think that I am just a lesbian, not that there is anything wrong with that, of course, but I wanted you to know that I am bisexual and that I like boys and girls. Well, it’s like 70% girls and 30% boys, but I didn’t want you to find out from the press, or whatever, because you know what they are like for following me because of you guys and, well, I just, yeah. I am bisexual.”, Rosie babbled, turning bright red.
April 2020:
“Oh, Irish… Sherlock and I used to play a game, when he was little, where we’d ask each other for the salt and pepper in a different language. We learnt it in 26 languages in the end, just to change things up a bit.”, Mycroft informed them all, although he was mainly talking to Greg.
“You always have been good at characters, Mycroft. You used to do the local vet, Mr Chinnery… Except you used to pretend that he blew up animals. You kept me entertained for hours with that when Mummy was teaching and Dad was doing whatever office job he had at the time.”, Sherlock recalled.
“You are her Dad, you know. And she loves you. She was just saying that to get the biggest reaction out of us.”, John said, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
“Yes.”
"Yes, they're on my desk. They should be on the top.", Molly replied, buried in some work.
“Do I have to go, John?”, Sherlock asked for the tenth time, in as many minutes.
Mycroft had seen the signs immediately, with Greg helping him to do a sweep of the flat for drugs. But Sherlock didn't want to pump himself with cocaine. He wanted to poison himself slowly with nicotine, instead. He felt it was better. Slowly torturing himself. The split from John had been incredibly quick. Sherlock didn't wanted to be reminded of that. So slow was the only option.
“It’s so strange… I’ve been in this situation before but not when there has been so much at stake.”, Sherlock said to John.
"That is good news. Any names yet?", John smiled.
"Please, John. I just need to be close to you, in every possible way. I can't stand the thought of ever being apart from you right now. Rosie is safe, with Molly, so we have the flat to ourselves.", Sherlock explained a little, looking into John's eyes. John saw the raw emotion there and nearly cried.
She was scooped up immediately as John and Sherlock began to cry, both hugging her close and kissing her. They laughed a little out of relief, when Sherlock realised Molly was nowhere to be seen.
"Not as much of a drama queen as you, though.", he heard, not bothering to look who had just walked in because he knew who it was.
"Bye."
“Oh, it was nothing. I’d like to think you’d do the same for me.” Harry replied, jokingly.
"Ready to go?", Sherlock asked, as he came back into the living room. He had been loading boxes onto a van they'd hired.
"I'm very fond of him.", Sherlock answered, not able to reach John's eyes.
“Thank you, Mrs Laniston.”, John said, as they family stood. John shook the woman’s hand, as Sherlock picked Rosie’s backpack, and took her hand.
“To dinner.”, Greg told him, with a cheeky grin, catching Mycroft off-guard, meaning he turned bright red at the thought of a candle-lit dinner for two, with the incredibly handsome man in front of him.
John has been looking for him at the Yard. Shall I send him over? – GL
Four months later, Sherlock and John were back in the auditorium, ready to watch Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Except, this time, they were joined by Sherlock’s parents and Mycroft and Greg. Rosie wasn’t with them. That’s because Rosie was sat patiently back stage, waiting for her turn to shine.
"Well, of course I didn't use my own clothes, John. Don't be ridiculous. That would cause a large inconvenience to myself. Why would I do that?"
“What happens now, then?” John asked.
A visit to the lab, by Sherlock and John, leaves Molly to come to a certain conclusion...
“I’m not quite sure about future in-law, Pa, but thank you. Means a lot.”
“He did… How did you know?”, Greg asked.
John replied as Sherlock arrived:
“Good evening to you too, John. I’m guessing you heard, huh?”
October 2020:
“Yes thanks, Dada. Did you have a nice time catching baddies?”, she asked, still not fully awake, rubbing her eye with one hand, and holding her hedgehog toy in the other.
John made himself a cup of coffee, needing the caffeine to wake him up a little and then sat in his chair, enjoying the peace and quiet, which rarely ever graced the rooms of 221B Baker Street. After around 20 minutes, Rosie began to stir, so John quietly picked her up off her godparents and wrote them a note, to say he'd gone home and took Rosie with him, leaving it on the coffee table in front of the sleeping pair. John was able to leave 221B without too much fuss from his daughter, due to her still being fairly sleepy, and made his way home (despite being tired) with a huge smile on his face.
He climbed up the stairs and took one last look around the top floor of the house. He smiled as he reached Rosie's room, remembering the day that he, Mary and Sherlock had spent painting and putting together furniture. The arguments had been monumental. Yet, so had the laughs. He remembered that day fondly. He then made his peace with the upstairs of the house and descended the stairs again, taking one last round of the rooms downstairs, before ending up back in the living room for the last time.
“Not unless you’re coming with me.”
“We are no longer together. Broke up with her this morning.”
“Of course, Mr Holmes. Take as long as you need. We will be here, or in the kitchen, if you have any questions.”, she replied, before the group got up and excused themselves to look around the house.
"Rosie... What's happened?", John asked, trying to comfort his daughter, who was now sobbing.
“I’ve forgiven Oliver, John.”, Sherlock told him simply.
"But I love you, Sherlock. I have done for years... Please tell me I'm not too late?"
“Agreed.”, both Holmes brothers said at the same time.
“That’s settled then. Why don’t we tell the Browns and the get back to the house… Molly text and asked what we were doing about food. I said take-out tonight so she said she’ll take Rosie shopping whilst we’re out tomorrow and cook for us for the rest of the time we’re here.”, Lestrade announced.
Rosie stood in the middle of the room, scowling, with her arms still folded across her chest. John left her to brew a little bit. He knew she would give in eventually, especially if he acted as though she wasn't there.
John stood and hugged his daughter close. “Go on… Bed. We’ll talk more in the morning.” Rosie didn’t say anything. She simply picked up her bag off the floor and made her way upstairs to bed.
Sherlock smiled a little, before his eyes began to roll into the back of his head.
“You know she was called Mellie. Stop being obtuse. And yes, I broke up with her.”
"Thank you for your help, John. I know I am awful to you, sometimes, but I appreciate your help when your expertise on a topic are superior to my own."
Half an hour later, John and Sherlock were sat side-by-side on the sofa, and Rosie was lay across them. It was a bit difficult, now she was practically an adult, but they made it work. John stole a quick glance at his husband, who was watching television, whilst absent-mindedly playing with strands of Rosie’s hair – something they had done since Rosie being a baby – and he smiled. He was glad his daughter had become comfortable in herself enough to accept it and tell them. It made him happy that his daughter had done the thing he hadn’t dared to do, at his age. He was so unbelievably proud of her.
“Wow… That is brilliant, Rosie.”, John smiled.
"What, did your Pa tell you that, Rosie?", John asked his daughter.
"Is he in the bedroom?"
“Well, I knew that he had gone into government work. It must be something to do with that.”, Sherlock told him.
"Neither did he until he met my brother.", Sherlock chuckled to himself, wanting to see the shock on John's face when he realised.
Pulling away from her Fathers, Rosie pleaded, “Papa… You have to help Auntie Molly. Please.”
"Where is your Pa? I thought science was his thing.", Kitty questioned. All they heard was John laughing from the living room.
“Morning… Tea?”, John asked.
"I'm so sorry, John... She died because of me and now I'm taking you and Rosie away from her...", Sherlock sputtered.
John calmed as his daughter spewed the new information at the group, ignoring the smug stare he was receiving from Oliver. Sherlock, having finished his food, had moved the arm closest to John around the back of his chair, and his other hand now rested on his thigh, his whole body turned in towards John.
"Don't you think it's a little much at their age?", the woman asked.
It’s just been announced. We’ll be into a third lockdown from the start of January. And it looks as though it will take us through to March. Not looking forwards to this.
“She loves you, you know. If ever she has a question, she always asks you. If she wants something, it is you she goes to first. She only comes to me for cuddles, or you are otherwise engaged.”
"I'm choosing the music.", John said, reaching for the radio.
It wasn’t long before there was a loud crash and they couldn’t ignore what was happening outside, in case someone was in danger.
“Brother Mine, John, my love… They’re being held near Scottish Parliament. Well, near Arthur’s Seat, really. There is a team on their way there now.”, Mycroft informed them.
“Well, love? Good news?”, Mycroft asked.
"They are?", John asked.
“You broke up with Melissa. My condolences.”
“Sherlock! Do you mind?”, John huffed.
“That’s not why I broke up with her, Sherlock.”
“Hello, sleepy head. Did you have a nice nap?”, John asked.
Once they got to the station, the four men were treated like royalty. Mycroft was treated like a God with the Superintendent scurrying around him and practically yapping at his ankles like a chihuahua. Once they got to a conference room, a team was briefed, and Sherlock came to life. Telling them, along with his brother and Lestrade, what to expect and what was going to happen. They were to be stationed 10 streets away. When they heard from the boys that the pair had arrived, they would then move in closer, until it was time to pounce. They had been warned that they had been armed and that they would most likely still be armed. John sat and watched how Sherlock demanded attention just by being there. He smiled. He knew that he wasn’t needed in all of this. He knew that he was just there because that’s where he always was. By Sherlock’s side as he ran around being brilliant. A female officer had tried flirting with him, commenting on how much she loved his blog, making sure to mention how heroic she thought he was. Greg was talking to a group of four officers at the time, and Sherlock was staring straight at the woman, not glaring, but definitely watching her. He smiled a little, however, when her face fell and John moved away from her, and sat next to Sherlock, wrapping his arm around the back of his chair, brushing his hand across his back as he did so. It did not go unnoticed by the other two, although they gave each other a look after that they’d discuss it later, as they were in the middle of a huge triple-murder investigation and that exact moment was not the time for Mycroft to pull out his ‘I told you so’ card which Greg always found a little bit too hot for public consumption.
Once John had finished, Sherlock said, "Thank you, John. What would I do without you?"
The Holmes boys took the lead in the briefing of the Brown couple, which didn’t take as long as John had thought it would, with the Browns being more than willing to do as they had been asked and help the police in tracking their son-in-law down.
“You love it, really.”, Greg chuckled, before stealing a quick kiss from his partner’s lips, once again causing him to blush wildly which made Sherlock smirk at him.
"I said he is attractive now, Sherlock. He is well into adulthood now. And don't you worry, love. I have eyes only for you.", John smiled, placing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, which seemed to calm him down a little bit.
“I will be. I’m tired.”
“I’ll go, John. Someone needs to stay with Rosie. Plus, it’ll be heaving. It’s the Edinburgh Fringe. It’ll be crawling with tourists.”
“Yes, very funny, John…”, Mycroft huffed, but his mouth did curl into a smile just enough for John to know that he secretly liked him.
Once the girl had finished, she picked up the piece of paper, and presented it to her Fathers proudly.
"I can't, Sherlock... If I let you hold me then I'll have to kiss you. And then all of this will have been for nothing. You haven't been eating. You have started smoking again. Christ, Sherlock, you leaned over the desk in Greg's office the other day and I could see the vertebrae of your back through your suit jacket. Please. I love you but you need to look after yourself.", John said, before the tears began to fall and John ran out of the flat, leaving Sherlock alone, with his own tears.
Mary.
“I just… I don’t know. I felt so vulnerable, John. I have never felt like that. Not once.” Sherlock admitted, with a sigh.
“Anyway, boys… Are we thinking this room, then? It’s not like we’ll exactly run out of books to read whilst we wait, will we?”, Greg asked, sitting in one of the armchairs by a fireplace, which was not lit with it being the height of August.
“I have no clue.”
To anyone watching, they had the perfect family unit, but to many looked like John and Sherlock were a couple. Lestrade watched on from a distance with a smile, needing to talk to Sherlock, but not wanting to disturb their family moment. Lestrade, instead, turned away and called his partner to tell him all about it. But, knowing Mycroft, he probably already knew.
“Dad? Where is Pa?”, Rosie asked John.
"You saved my little girl's life, Sherlock. Our little girl's life. She told me that you pushed her out of the way.", John replied.
Once John put his medical supplies away, he got his coat and shoes on, and even borrowed Sherlock’s scarf, before venturing out to the shops, promising Sherlock he wouldn’t be gone long. He picked up some chicken soup, some honey and lemon, some throat lozenges and a bottle of cough syrup, before making his way home.
“Wait, what?”, Sherlock asked.
“Yeah?”
"Oh? And why was Papa crying, Rosie?", John asked, sitting next to Sherlock on the sofa and stroking his daughter's hair (who was sat on Sherlock).
“But we are going to get to meet her, yes?”, John asked.
"Our little genius.", Sherlock added, placing a kiss to John's temple, for good measure. And, John found it wasn't exactly unwelcome.
After the hell of Eurus had died down, and Sherlock had explained everything to Molly, gaining an understanding from her, John and Rosie moved into Baker Street, with John not being able to afford the mortgage on his house in the suburbs and that, without Mary, the house feeling empty. Baker Street had been brought back to its former glory, after the explosion, thanks to Mycroft's hired team, who had been a massive help. However, until John moved back in, Sherlock didn't feel fully safe. The flood gates had opened when it came to Sherlock's emotions and feelings, but every time he looked at John, he felt something that he couldn't put into words. It felt like he was flying and falling all at the same time, and he knew that he would do anything for both John and Rosie.
“Of course, my dear. We shall be glad to have you for as long as you’ll oblige us with your company.” the Queen replied, with a smile.
Sherlock simply nodded, before pulling his sheet from around his shoulders, and sitting more upright so John had access to his back and front. John carefully lifted the back of Sherlock’s t-shirt and began to examine his lungs. He listened carefully, at different points of his back, before moving to Sherlock’s front. There was a slight rasp, John recognised, when Sherlock was breathing, but there didn’t seem to be any other problems.
Then, all of sudden, Sherlock’s world imploded once more. It was worse than it had ever been. This little family that they had built was gone. His John. Mary. The child he held so dear. He had seen her, once, when he had gone to Molly’s house, to see how John was. That day had been the worst of his life. John didn’t want anything to do with him. When he had got home, he had contacted Billy and immediately pumped himself with drugs. Culverton Smith then came onto his radar, and John was made to check on him. After he had nearly died, again, and he pulled John close to him, Sherlock felt a small flicker of hope, in his gut, but knew that it was a long shot. He had relapsed massively and part of him told himself that John was only there so he didn’t relapse again. John Watson was a man of strong morals. If he felt he had a duty, he would be there until the end. And Sherlock knew that. It didn’t feel fully like that, however. They had gone out for cake. Molly, John, Rosie and himself. John had laughed when Rosie had smeared icing over Sherlock’s cheek and then had been so tender when he got a baby wipe out of Rosie’s bag and wiped it away.
“Like I said. I am an interested party. I want you to keep letting him help. However, if he is high, you must refuse him access. Put him in a cell for the night, if you must.”
“Sherlock, come on… Just breath and then tell me. What’s happening?”, John asked, knowing full well what was about to happen, but was giving Sherlock his moment, rather than getting over-excited before it had barely begun.
When Mycroft came around from daydreaming, Molly was telling Sherlock and John how Rosie had been asking about sand and the sea and how she wanted to see it. Mycroft made a mental note of that. The small human had grown on him, despite his initial reluctance to have anything to do with her, recalling a certain moment when Sherlock had shown him a picture of baby Rosie. She was so clever now, no doubt down to his brother’s influence on the child and Mycroft found her tolerable due to her ability to learn at an immensely fast rate.
“Stop the press, people. We have a corker… Sherlock Holmes has called Greg Lestrade a genius.”, John commented, chuckling, causing Greg to also chuckle and for the Holmes boys to smile a little.
“What do you mean, Rosie?”, Molly questioned.
“Right, well… I’m off. I have a date. And before you say anything, Sherlock, I already triple checked his criminal record. We don’t want another Moriarty situation, I know.”, Molly smiled, laughing a little, giving Rosie a kiss on the cheek and leaving the flat.
"It is you that I should be thanking, Mycroft."
“So, is that a yes?”
Once Rosie was in her later years of high school, many different things began to pop up around the flat. These included cactus plants, fairy lights and inspirational quotes. The inspirational quotes were the things that annoyed Sherlock the most. He didn't like them. The one he hated the most was the one that was pinned to the front of the fridge. It read 'Be happy, Be bright, Be fabulous' in gold, cursive writing. It really got on his nerves. He thought it was useless drivel.
Will my Pa ever be back on twitter? I don’t know… He stopped using as much when he and Dad got together, but I don’t know.”
Sherlock gets a boyfriend and John realises he may be too late...
"Yes, I know, Cap, but this is different. I don't know what it is about it... Fans make new stories and videos and dress up as the characters. They even pair them off. Some people think Draco and Harry should be together. I mean, can you imagine? Although, I do think that would have been a good part of the plot...", Sherlock said. John loved it when Sherlock called him Cap. It was a shortened version of Captain and was the closest he got to a pet name from his husband.
“We’re meeting Molly and Rosie by the castle.”, John told Sherlock.
“No, John… I think I’m dying.”, Sherlock rasped, his throat hoarse, before starting to cough again.
The pair left a little after midnight, which left just John and Sherlock. John was sat in the living room reading the paper, and Sherlock had decided to wash up, which John was all too happy to let him do. Everything was fine until John heard a clutter and the word "Fuck" float through from the kitchen.
“Hello, little Sherlock… Now, let grandad tell you a story all about grandpa, who you’re named after. It all started with a lot of pink…”
“Greg is fine, Mr Holmes.”
“Mr Watson-Holmes? Can I have a word?”, Rosie’s dance teacher, Natalie, asked, at the end of class.
“Well, can we go? I want to be there when Rosie is found. Please, Mycroft.”, John pleaded.
“Yeah.”, Rosie nodded, playing with edge of Sherlock’s blazer, her head resting on his shoulder.
“Those two have had a bet on. Mycroft bet we would get together before Christmas.”, John informed him.
"Oh, Eddie... It's because they have a Mummy and Daddy and some people don't think that two men or two women should be together.", his Dad explained, sitting on the sofa next to his Papa, and pulling him onto his knee.
“I don’t think so.”, Oliver smiled, lunging at Molly.
“There is just no sign of movement at all.”, Sherlock sighed.
John followed Sherlock, and the way Sherlock slotted his hand into John's, they're fingers laced together, did not go unnoticed by Molly. She liked to think that she was more observant than Sherlock gave her credit for.
anniversary of my dads getting married! So exciting. I am going to stay with my Uncle Myc and Uncle Greg later, so they can celebrate properly because, let’s face it, I don’t want to hear that.”
“If you stop looking at me like a lost puppy, John, then I will consider it, but I will be picking the baby-sitter. I’m not leaving my daughter with just anyone.”, Sherlock answered.
"Fine.", Sherlock huffed, picking his phone up off the table and answering it.
“Maybe it’s you two who should get a room.”, John chuckled.
"If you'd have known, then nothing would have been any different. We might have got together not long after Sherrinford, but we didn't, John. And I'm with Eric now. You wouldn't have broken it off with Mary to be with me. You loved her. You can't ask me to do that with Eric."
John pulled away slightly, after a while, to catch his breath, resting his forehead against his partner's.
“Yeah… Bed sounds good.”, Sherlock replied, before placing his hand in John’s, letting it linger for a moment longer than was deemed normal, before pulling his hand away and heading out of the living room and up the stairs. Sighing, John shook his head to himself, before picking up his laptop and following Sherlock to their bedroom.
"Well, yes. Of course I did.", Sherlock answered.
John said his goodbyes, and Greg then left. Once they heard the front door close, Sherlock pounced on John, grabbing him and pulling him out of his chair.
We’ll meet you by the castle – John x
“I know, Mary. But only if you forgive me. I have taken your man, your daughter… I let you die.”, Sherlock told her.
“Well, I disagree, Greg… You did plenty. I don’t know anyone else who would sit awake for three nights in a row, just to make sure I slept.”
"Oh, it did?", John said, raising his eyebrow.
“What are you saying? Greg… Where is my daughter?”, John asked him, as Sherlock stood, tears streaming down his face.
“That’s understandable.”, Molly smiled.
"That blonde one is annoying.", Sherlock muttered.
Throughout the whole time the others were talking, Sherlock’s fingers traced patterns along John’s shoulder, as they sipped at their tea. John had been so worried about what had happened. And he knew Sherlock knew that. The comfort that he was getting, just by Sherlock being there next to him, was more than he could have ever dreamed of.
John was often out on cases, with Sherlock, so he called upon the help of Molly and Mrs Hudson, to babysit when he knew they were going to be home late. Both women didn't object, of course, because Rosie was a dream to look after but John hated leaving her all the same. Often, if Molly was working, Mrs Hudson would have Rosie during the day and then Molly would take over. Sometimes, even if John was not chasing Sherlock around the streets of London, Molly would often visit Baker Street when John was there with Rosie.
“Papa?”, Sherlock heard, sitting up to find Molly and Rosie.
"I'm just fine, thank you, John. I have a query... I, myself, who has for many years been considered the ice man, has found someone I love. I wish that for my brother, also... He was always the sentimental one. I think, Doctor Watson, that you have these feelings for my brother, and I can assure you he feels the same way about you. Now, how you go about this, is your choice, but he does love you, John, and has done since you shot a cabbie to save his life."
"Are you okay, Mycroft?", John asked him.
"No, I won't. I know, Sherlock. I know what you're thinking, and you need to stop.", John told the detective.
"Rosie ran. All the way to the surgery. Shouted what had happened to the whole waiting room. She brought me to you."
“She certainly would make a good politician. She is a star, though. And one of my favourite students. She keeps everyone else in line.” Molly replied, with a smile.
"Right... Yes.", Sherlock said, his face contorted in a mixture of confusion and delight.
“Why do you care so much? He’s just a junkie.”
"Okay, Rosie... Pick which sweets you would like, sweetheart.", Molly said to her goddaughter. They were out food shopping, as Sherlock and John were off on a case and Mrs Hudson was visiting her sister.
“Well, she didn’t get it from either, so goodness knows where she got that from.”
“Point taken.”, Sherlock smiled.
That night, Sherlock slept the best he had, since the start of the case. John did too. They lay there for hours, dozing, and whispering to each other between kisses, just letting themselves get lost in each other. The outside world didn't matter. Rosie was safe. And they were content.
"That is an eye, Rosie. We use them to see. We have two eyes. They send the image we are seeing to our brain where it translates it so we know what we are looking at."
"Hmm...", Sherlock simply hummed, before placing a kiss to his partner's cheek and sitting in his armchair.
John taped up the last box, that was to go back to Baker Street, and sighed. He was excited to get back to Baker Street, and begin a new era with his best friend, but the house he was stood in held many memories. It had been his home with Mary and she was everywhere in the house. Each room held something else that John remembered fondly about his wife. And, equally, every room held memories he'd rather forget.
"Rude! But, thanks? Ah, I don't know... Fancy take out?", John asked.
“We can stop by the surgery for when you finish as well. Meet you and then we can walk home together. Then I can sort Rosie out whilst you get some well-deserved sleep.”
This time, John and Lestrade led the way through the house, opening and closing doors on the ground floor until they found a small library, which was still a large room. Mycroft looked around the titles, checking for first editions. Mycroft had a thing about first editions of the classics… Jane Eyre, Pride and Prejudice, Wuthering Heights… He was checking to see if there were any here, but most of the books seemed to be non-fiction or not first edition. He found one first edition and smiled… The Modern Prometheus by Mary Shelley – Sherlock’s favourite book as a child, which explains a lot. Frankenstein and his monster. Mycroft was surprised that his brother hadn’t tried to create a creature himself, using the book as some kind of ingredients list with a method and variables to consider.
“They have. I want to apologise, personally. We did not know that these children were doing this, as Rosie didn’t tell us. If one of the staff hadn’t have overheard a situation at lunchtime yesterday, then we wouldn’t have known.”, Mrs Lanitson answered.
“No… Don’t go. I, uh… Have some explaining to do.”, Sherlock told him.
“Sorry… I’ll leave you to it.”, John said.
“Well, brother dear… It seems that you’ll have to do a lot of fetching what with John and Rosie both having bust arms.”, Mycroft smiled.
Inside the house, the boys were hard at work, coming up with a plan that would be then passed on to the local police force so that the quartet had back-up when it came to the interrogation and arrest of the pair that had committed such an awful crime.
“1. Yes, I did ask your Father to marry me, finally. 2. Yes, of course you be a bridesmaid again and wear a pretty dress. 3. Of course Scottie will be coming. 4. Auntie Molly is going to be a bridesmaid too, if she agrees (which I’m sure she will). 5. Finally, Gramps and Grandma would be very angry if we didn’t invite them. Of course, they will be there.”, Sherlock replied, sitting beside his daughter, before pulling her on his knee, and pulling John down to sit next to them.
Rosie looked to the living room and found her Dad and Pa were embraced, having a moment. They both had their arms wrapped around each other’s waist and had their foreheads resting together. Rosie smiled. After all this time, it was still sweet to see her dads in that way.
The next morning, John was making tea and Rosie was sat in the living room watching Peppa Pig on Netflix. Sherlock came up behind John, wrapped his arms around him and placed a kiss in the crook of his neck, as John snuggled back into him.
Rosie looked over to where her Uncle had appeared in the garden, with the strange man she had met at dinner, and frowned.
Sherlock then began crying, but not understanding why. "I don't understand. I'm not sad; I'm the complete opposite. I'm overjoyed, so why am I crying?"
“Well, Mycroft… You didn’t mention I would get to see my Will.”, the man smiled.
“Rosie! Dinner will be ready in 5 minutes!”, her Dad shouted from the bottom of the stairs.
Do my dads have a favourite TV show? Well, Dad likes Doctor Who but hates hospital dramas – he thinks they are unrealistic. And I have been able to get him to start watching period dramas with me, because, as you all know, I am a sucker for period dramas… Pa doesn’t really watch telly. He will sit with us when we’re watching something but tends to be doing other things.
“Dad! Say hi to my followers!”, Rosie asked John, as he walked into the kitchen, with his and Sherlock’s tea-cups.
“John… John… Can you hear me?”, Sherlock asked, placing his hand on John’s cheek.
“I did yes.”
“I’m scared John.” That broke John’s heart.
“Ah. A few things I wanted to have what we might need.” John’s eyebrows were at his hairline.
“The top of this hill.” He replied smugly.
“Yes, I know it sounds silly.”
But to him, John would always be his soulmate. Even if it was only one-sided. He didn’t know what else to do. What happened if John found some other soulmate some kind of real soulmate. He’d always been certain it hadn’t worked like that, but maybe he’d been wrong. The secret fireplace draw called to him. No. He mustn't. That would be one thing that really would upset John. After all the trouble with his sister. Sherlock being a junky. He would just cut him off right there. Then again he’d never have John the way he yearned for him; maybe it would be better this way. He needed to get out of that house.
“Sounds fancy to me.”
“He came to talk to me, just now it was very interesting.” What John had been to see Mycroft? Why? Had he done something? He didn’t think so.
“Yes, you fool. I love you.”
John got to work in the kitchen, boiling the kettle and putting some toast in. He was still worried about Sherlock, clearly, something was getting to him but he didn’t want to push.
“Yes.” His eyes bounded up to meet John and he fell silent bracing for impact.
“Well I tried to tell you,” he mumbled through the kiss. They got lost in the feel of each other's hungry mouths on one another's. It was calm. There was no urgency or fear of what might becoming. For once since they had first laid eyes on each other things felt right. Sherlock broke away.
“Yes, I am beginning to have some level of doubt in the plan.” At the top of the hill, John had set up a little canopy with a picnic blanket. He’d spent hours in his lunch break setting up the secluded spot with all the things from his romantic fantasies. There was champagne, strawberries, fairy lights bathing them in a soft glow and most importantly a telescope pointing up to the sky.
“What?”
“It’s okay, Sherlock. I just want to know your alright. Do you want to come to have some breakfast?”
“You’re welcome, Sherlock.”
“I think we need to have a chat,” John said, gently squeezing his flatmate’s arm.
“Yes. No, I know.” Sherlock seemed to be lost in a world of thought.
“Will you show me these goodies then?”
“Thank you. Mycroft.” He hung up the phone.
“He loves you, you fool. I don’t know what he’s said but I’m not wrong about these things.” Could it possibly be true? Was there a chance for him and John? No. John had rejected him. This was just a formality.
"Sherlock. I'm going out." John hollered through the flat. No response. Sherlock must not be up yet. John himself hadn't gotten a wink of sleep tossing and turning all night, thinking about how best to go about his plan. One thing was for certain though he would need Mycroft's help. He spent about 15 minutes trying to hail a cab. How did Sherlock do this with such ease?
He got to his feet and walked into the other room. Sherlock was slumped over the computer making notes on a video that appeared to be well porn and not like soft nice porn either.
John surveyed Sherlock with a warm smile as he retreated into his mind with some issue. He wanted to take Sherlock into his arms and reassure him of every little worry he had but he knew that he’d have to think it through himself. Instead, John settled for pulling him into his arms and holding him while he got in whatever was going in on his mind.
“Later, I want to kiss you so much more.” Before Sherlock could craft his cutting remark about being lured there under false pretences John’s lips were on his again. That taste would always be magical and calming. He wanted to stay like this forever but this time the kiss was more biting. It tingled with a promise of delightful to come. John kissed his way down to Sherlock's neck and sucked on the skin there. He nipped a little with his teeth. Everyone should know the delectable man belonged to him. All of a sudden he understood the stupid products made to accentuate your soulmate mark. Of course, you’d want everyone to see. Sherlock keened and it brought John back to the moment. His hands spread out across the man's chest and covered as much of him as they could reach.
Sherlock regarded him with cold eyes. If only that were true. He knew once he revealed the truth to John that would be the end of his happy life. He would return to the nothingness of before. Only it would be worse because he would know what he would be missing out on.
“What?”
Sherlock hadn’t gone easy on his wallet in the shop. He bought several different toys, lubes, videos and even a couple of costumes. Best not to leave any base uncovered huh. The shop had actually had a strangely calming effect on the detective. It had seemed so mysterious and the reality wasn’t nearly as intimidating as his imagination. Now he just had his date to look forward to and he was certain John would make it wonderful.
“That was the best experience of my life. You have nothing to be sorry for. You have given me the greatest gift anyone could ever receive by loving me. I am so grateful you would share that side of me with yourself. If I did anything at all to make you feel inadequate I am truly sorry. And baffled because that was just… perfect.” John’s breath hitched on the last word.
“Her medication.”, Sherlock said immediately.
“Okay.”
“I know.”
“Agreed.”, John said as the brothers hummed in agreement.
When they pulled away, panting and both blushing, John rested his forehead to Sherlock’s and sighed a happy sigh.
“I would like to stay. Not because I think I have a chance with the Prince. But because John Watson is my friend and he needs a friend right now. As does the Prince. As do you all.” Molly announced, with a confidence that John hadn’t seen from her before.
“She told us that you had a bed picnic for breakfast because Papa wanted to impress and kiss Dada again.”, Greg smiled.
“John… My John. No. She could never take me from you.” Sherlock replied, pulling John’s knees down, so that John was sat on the bench properly, and taking his hands in his, kissing each knuckle.
“Oh, and what did she say?”, John asked, making to stay away from Sherlock, as they had planned upstairs.
“Me neither.”
“Please, Sherlock, can we not do this?”
When they got home, Mrs Hudson was ready with tea and biscuits, which the Baker Street Boys were grateful for. As they drank their tea, they filled Mrs Hudson in on what had happened. John looked out of the window of the living room, as Sherlock dozed on the sofa and Rosie played with her hedgehog toy, and he smiled. Home. Baker street had felt so far away when everything took a turn for the worse, up in Edinburgh. Although, John had enjoyed getting away from London, at the same time. The little family that they had formed was perfect. It was unconventional, untraditional and strange to most, but it was just right to him. And John couldn’t wait for their family to grow even further when Molly’s baby was born. The scare of the Oliver situation had been sorted. Mycroft had got it so that nothing was going to happen to Molly and Molly had received an anonymous donation of £50,000 to go towards the baby. Mycroft didn’t say who it was from but it was clear he knew. Sherlock had told John it must have been Oliver’s family, due to the trouble he had caused (not only by kidnapping her but also risking the life of her unborn child) and probably as a thanks for getting rid of such an awful person.
John then made the mistake of looking up at Sherlock and nearly crumbled. Sherlock was looking at him in a way that made his knees go weak. John was glad Sherlock was holding him up, as he feared he might have fallen if he wasn’t.
As John climbed the steps to 221B, he was weary. The day at the surgery had been busy but also insanely boring. He had seen bunions, common colds, puss-filled cists and even an ingrowing toe nail. He was expecting his child to be either screaming or shouting, as was usual when he had to leave her with Sherlock, although it had only (luckily) been because she was upset once.
“Well, I love you too.”, John smiled, causing Sherlock’s head to snap up, and for him to stare at John in shock.
"Molly... The Ingrid case. Do you have the autopsy results?", Sherlock asked.
"He's not laughing at you, don't worry. Pa just didn't know that the earth revolved around the sun until he met Dad...", Rosie assured Kitty.
Her eyebrows still knitted, Rosie began to say, “The Earth is part of a solar system which resides in the galaxy called the Milky Way. We’re the third planet from the sun. I haven’t learned all of the names yet but I know that Mercury is the closest to the sun, and that it’s smaller than the Earth.”
"An old black ram is tupping your white ewe."
Sherlock went over to look at what his brother was pointing out and gave his brother a smile.
"Well, don't complain to me when there isn't any for your tea. I am busy, so I'm not going."
"Richard III."
“He said his name was Oliver Grady. Said something about Mycroft asking him to come about a matter of national importance. Although, I didn’t know that Myc was doing so much other work whilst we were up here.”, Greg said.
"John. When are you, Sherlock and Rosamund free to come for dinner with my parents?", Mycroft asked plainly.
"I love you, Sherlock.", John whispered, relaxing his forehead against the taller man's.
“Little bee? Can I speak to you for a minute?”, he asked. Rosie nodded and went to climb on her Pa’s lap, as John watched on, from the kitchen.
“Do you think Mycroft is working late?”, John asked Sherlock, just before Greg appeared at the front door, dishevelled and looking as though he’d been crying.
Sherlock didn’t say so, but John knew that what had happened had affected Sherlock. He had been protected his whole life. He hadn’t ever had to deal with someone manipulating him, like Irene had, because they hadn’t been able to get close enough.
“Oh, you’ll see.”
“Um… Okay?”
John sat at the kitchen table in despair. What had happened to Sherlock to make him have so little faith in love. If John were to ever meet this mystery woman, he would wring her neck. It wasn't right. He struggled to think of something he could do to help, but he wasn't Sherlock's soulmate. Oh if only he were life would be so much easier. That's when it came to him. He could do it. Track down this mystery soulmate and restore Sherlock's faith in himself. Or kill the bastard if that didn’t work out
"But… they're your soulmate." He muttered feebly.
“Okay.”
“Look at me, Sherlock.” The man met his gaze shyly.
“That’s alright Sherlock. It’ll be fun I promise.”
“Ummm… I dunno.”
“Are you kidding?” John's incredulous voice husked. His head came up to meet his soulmates. It broke his heart. His eyes looked so sad and he turned his head away.
“Shit.” Sherlock stopped abruptly spiralling back towards self-loathing but John caught him.
John coughed, a few fairly graphic ideas floated through his mind. Did Sherlock want that though? This was all so perfect he didn’t want to ruin it. But then what he’d seen this morning suggested it was worth taking a chance on.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock sighed.
“Morning.”
“Oh my god, John.” Sherlock fell into his arms. They both broke out in sobs clinging to one another.
Shit. That was humiliating. He swore he hadn’t even lasted a minute and poor John. There had been no warning or anything.
God that was a dangerous thought to get hooked on. John doing scandalous things to a copious number of lovers. On the one hand, it made his blood boil. All those people with his John and on the other it… it turned him on. What would it be like when he and John were closed off behind that bedroom door. But that thought scared him. He wasn’t exactly a sexy man and he didn’t have a clue what to do in bed. John was like a sex god. By comparison, he was just pathetic.
“Sherlock.”
The night felt a long one. Sherlock wiggled out of John’s arms and took a seat at the computer. Googling countless phrases he never would have expected to have any interest in and openly scorned others for using frequently. He figured it was important to have some kind of knowledge and this was the best way he could figure to do that. He’d started pretty tame, scrolling about wiki how on what was proper date etiquette but eventually his searching had brought him to the other end of the internet. Sex was still terrifying in fact perhaps more so. Anal just looked painful. He was also no closer to figuring out what John would want? It seemed different types of men wanted all kinds of different things. The conclusion Sherlock had drawn was that he would just have to be prepared for anything.
“No, John. It’s perfect.” Sherlock took John’s hand and led him towards the setup. They settled on the picnic blanket, Sherlock wrapped in John’s arms.
“Go on then.”
“There’s something else. Isn’t there?” John said with a knowing voice, “Something you’re not telling me.” Sherlock knew he would know if he even thought of lying.
“I’m so sorry John. I don’t know what I did but I can be better I swear. Anything you want I’ll get it for you…” Sherlock launched into heartfelt blabbering.
“Oh Sherlock, I meant hot chocolate,” He said, producing a thermos from what appeared to be nowhere. So Sherlock didn’t the terrifying sex from those videos. In fact, it seems he didn’t want sex at all. But why was he watching them? John decided it was best to let it go.
“Stars.” He whispered stupidly. John laughed. God, his laugh Sherlock thought and snuggled back into him more. John desperately tried to hide his groin from the man but all this squirming was making it a challenge.
Sherlock was back with him now. Their eyes locked, they lay their foreheads together for a second and just breathed. They had all the time in the world and this moment would be savoured. John’s arms were strong. The muscles from his army days were still very much alive and rippling under the smooth skin. Sherlock felt safe. It wasn’t a feeling he was accustomed to. Well, he wasn’t accustomed to any of this.
Damn the bloody Holmes’s they didn’t exactly make conversations easy.
“You’re here to talk to me about my brother obviously. Why else would you come here? You’re worried about him but when aren’t you. Something is different than normal. You’re uncomfortable so this is personal. Perhaps even intimate.”
“If you really think there’s anything you could tell me that would make me do anything to hurt you, you don’t know me that well.”
“Well, I’m sure we can arrange something.” He took ahold of Sherlock’s hand and raised it to his mouth, smattering it with little kisses. Their gaze held one another’s this time. It was a deep hazy look neither of them thought they would ever be able to get out of their head. He tugged on the hand sliding it slowly down his body. His skin was fiery warm and Sherlock buried himself against him even further. Smiling at the hiss his lover let out, Sherlock cupped him gently. God, he was so hard. On yourself, it was one thing but on the other side, it was totally different. It was like a rock. He slid his hand enthusiastically up and down, milking him for all his work.
“Okay, Sherlock,” he said flopping onto the couch, “but you really need to spit this out. I’m worried.” Sherlock’s breath hitched and he reached for the buttons on his shirt sleeve.
John looked puzzled and mildly hurt.
“Ah, but don’t you want to know why I called.”
“Are you feeling okay after last night?”
Sherlock was officially freaking out. He was going on a date with John. It was all he had hoped for but now he didn’t know what he was feeling. John dated. That’s what John did. And Sherlock… Well, it would be all-new for him. How would he know what to do? He wanted to be perfect for John. To give him everything he’d dreamed for and more but he didn’t know how to. Then there was the not so little problem of after the date. Sherlock wasn’t stupid. Nor deaf. He knew exactly what went on with John and all the women he dated. Well, not exactly but he had a pretty good idea.
Sherlock was getting impatient. The feel of John on him was delectable but he longed to know more. He pulled at the buttons on John’s shirt, displacing them. It popped open and he ran his hands over the silky skin reaching onto his back and pulling the shirt from him completely. Damn. He was deceptively muscley. John sniggered.
“Sherlock!” John jumped himself as Sherlock came back to focus.
“Well I know I wasn’t that impressive and it was so fast and I didn’t warn you. I mean I’m sure you didn’t want a mouthful of…” Sherlock was cut off by the other man surrounding him in a tackling bear hug.
“Not really,” Sherlock went to hang up.
“Mycroft would be horrified.”
John stared at the clock with a sort of twisted determination as those his eyes could force the minutes over faster. The minute his shift ended he was out of there. He had a magical evening planned and he could wait to get to it. Not that he’d admit it but he had agonised somewhat over his date outfit. Sherlock always looked so smart and he didn’t want to look like he didn’t care by comparison. He bounced on the balls of his feet. Tonight was going to be amazing.
Well, the tension is finally relieved. It may be a while before anything is added I haven't decided where it will go next or if perhaps this is the perfect ending - them happy together.
"Do you really believe that? That if you met your soulmate it would all go away. All the bad."
John pushed Sherlock down against the bed and laid a line of kisses down his chest. The detective's breath was erratic. It was so much. He fluttered his eyes open to the view of John crouched over him with a gleeful smile on his face. God. He groaned and snapped his eyes just again. This was heaven but in some ways, it also felt like torture. Then his soulmate engulfed him and he saw stars. It was nothing like anything. Soft mulesing spurs were ripped from Sherlock’s mouth. No. He needed to get himself under control. This was all wrong; he was supposed to be storing this precious information away forever but the pleasure was too strong. It hit him in waves. He was sure he was dying but honestly he didn’t care.
“So you had something you wanted to talk about?” John tried not to sound too eager.
“Ok. Why don’t you tell me about it?”
“John, can you sit down, please?”
“I like being distracted.”
“Why don’t you start by telling me what made you decide to come here today?” the woman took charge of the situation.
John stumbled back through the door of 221 B.
The two men panted in unison as they trudged up the side of the hill.
"I don't think they'd be too happy to see me.  I mean after waiting their whole life I'm sure I'd be something of a disappointment."
No, it wasn’t Sherlock had made sure to flash him his bare wrist as soon as they met. He knew John had seen it. He was certain. Then there was the whole. “I’m not gay.” “This isn’t a date.” “He’s not my boyfriend.” Sherlock had been rejected over and over again. He had heard of one-sided soulmate ships before though. That the marks looked different to different people. It must be that. So John hadn’t even meant to reject him. Sherlock was just so unloveable that he didn’t even have a soulmate. At least not a proper one.
“Shut up and make love to me,” Sherlock growled in response. It had been a short time getting comfortable then. He wanted this. More than he wanted oxygen to breathe he wanted this. And it was happening! John didn’t need any more telling. He resumed kissing the beautiful man and reached down popping open the buttons of his partner's shirt. His heart caught in his throat. He’d imagined this all rough and desperate but this was different. It was emotional.
But who could it be? It wasn’t Molly there was no way she’d turn him down.  It wasn’t Irene Adler she’d been bonded to her soulmate already. They really didn’t know that many people. It could be a guy he supposed. Sherlock had sort of implied he liked men when they’d first met. Lestrade? He supposed that was physically possible but he was pretty sure Lestrade wouldn’t do something like that. He’d take a soulmate responsibility completely seriously and never let his soulmate down. Oh god, what if it was someone terrible like Moriarty. I mean he had always been obsessed with Sherlock and in some ways, they were on the same slightly sick wavelength. He was pretty sure not though. At least it wasn’t something he was willing to think about.
“Fuck Sherlock this is cocaine.”
“Sherlock,” John knocked on his soulmate’s bedroom door, “Are you ready for our date?” Sherlock threw open the door with a look of nervous excitement. John had to practically stifle a groan. The detective looked delectable. He was wearing that eggplant colour shirt. God the fantasies. John had about that shirt.
“God, you are…” he cut himself off by kissing at Sherlock’s lips with renewed vigour.
“What? Know? Why would I know? Is it someone I’ve met? Someone close to him?”
"I… They're supposed to be made perfect for you." John stammered. He turned a bright shade of pink. What was he saying?
Sherlock cringed. Couldn’t John see how hard he was trying? This didn’t come naturally to him. A horrible thought struck him. Maybe John didn’t even want him like that. I mean what did he even have to offer. He was inexperienced and not exactly attractive. His lungs started to ache. Struggling to suck in breaths, he felt tears prick in his eyes. God again really. Maybe Mycroft was right about the sentiment he was pathetic. John caught sight of the tears brewing in his soulmate's eyes.
He broke through that final smash of pleasure. The release spurting from him in ribbons with a pressure he’d always thought impossible. It ebbed away calmly and he was returned to the moment.
“Yes?” the hesitation in Sherlock’s voice immediately put John on edge he was normally so confident.
“I um… there under my bed.”
“How observant John.” Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk.
“Sherlock?”
“Yes well, you see. I um… I had a question and a favour I guess. Umm… I didn’t think there was anyone else who could y’know. Um…”
“Come on you’ve got to let me have this? I’ve been dreaming about the first magical date with my soulmate ever since I was little.”
“Mycroft,” he scowled, “I really don’t care. Leave me alone.”
“I wanted to get some things for us.” Sherlock was embarrassed all of a sudden.
They finally broke apart panting a little for breath.
John’s face broke into a smile.
“Oh. But...” Sherlock grimaced, it felt wrong to talk so openly about this how couldn’t John know it was him. He was Sherlock’s only friend. He’d fought for him over and over.
“No, Sherlock,” John took over more forcefully this time, “You’re my soulmate. All of it. It’s wonderful. It’s all real you’re perfect and you’re mine.” His voice hitched and his eye developed a sheen of tears. It was Sherlock’s turn to be gobsmacked.
Sherlock hopped off the stool and passed over the butter. He knew John was studying him. This whole thing had just started and he’d already freaked John out. Damn, this really wasn’t going to plan. Now was the perfect time to try out one of his new techniques, he realised. He wandered carefully up behind John and placed the butter on the opposite side of the bench, meaning he had to snake his body around John’s. The muscles in John’s arms seized. He stood completely still. Sherlock’s putting on the moves. It was shocking. John turned slightly in his arms and inhaled the scent of the other man’s hair. Sherlock stepped away with a rye smile. That had gone well. John had been severely affected by his closer presence. He could do this. John wanted him and well he wanted John. God he wanted John so badly. His cock twitched in interest and he coloured bright red. Fuck just standing in the kitchen with him makes me hard.
“So where are we going on our date?” Sherlock inquired but John gave nothing away.
"Yes," John said firmly.
John had been waiting on the leather chair for what felt like hours. He knew Mycroft was busy and important but he was usually very protective of his younger brother and relatively fast to get in contact with him. A sigh escaped John’s lips. Maybe this had been a bad idea. I mean Sherlock hadn’t exactly been open to the idea of finding his soulmate but John could shake the look Sherlock gave him during their conversation. He looked heartbroken and that was destroying John. Maybe Sherlock’s soulmate was dead in that case this was a very bad idea. Regardless, that was something Mycroft could tell him and he wouldn’t pry any further.
