“Just practicing my aim,” the man said.
He shook his head. “That won’t be happening.”
“For long enough for us to catch up with them. We can’t get ourselves killed. We have orders, remember?.”
‘So?’ he said and flinched when he realized how raspy he sounded. ‘Who hired you?’
“For science reasons?”
“The sponges change shape,” Clint said. “Also the rings he uses are not the ones he gives to the patrons.”
“Great work back there. Where did you get one of their weapons?” Steve said as they ran towards the docks. There was nobody around No Skrull, no Kree: only food spilled on the ground, dead flowers, and the distant sounds of battle.
, at the expo. We were supposed to steal the Harvester, me and the Brigade, but…’
staring? Don’t say anything, don’t say anything. Everybody stares at Byron Ironsides!’
She sighed. “Oh, that. Yes, I know about that.”
‘Understand what?’
Thanks fujurpreux for the beta!
When two days later Steve knocked on everybody’s doors around dawn, he was rewarded with whines, complaints and murder eyes. Only Clint was going to sleep in late and that was because he wasn’t part of the crew. The rest of them would train during the morning and into the afternoon if they weren't good at it. When he realized nobody was getting out of bed, he knew what he had to do. He went to the kitchen and prepared coffee. His ploy worked — a long line of sleepy people showed up one after the other, luring by the fresh coffee smell. Bruce had barely changed out of his pajamas, but Natasha and Rhodes looked sharp and fresh, despite the yawning.
‘Hi,’ he said sullenly. ‘What did we talk about yesterday?’
Tony took a step forward. “Like I said, we know nothing.”
He wasn’t asked too many questions when he strolled into SHIELD headquarters and up towards Howard’s office. What did the guards know? Did they know he was Steve Rogers or had they been fed lies too? Maybe SHIELD's security was just that bad. He was thankful when the elevator ride was over — he hoped his brain would stop worrying too. Howard’s office was on the last floor, behind an impressive dark door.
“We can’t tour it yet. The interior is not finished and I want it to be a surprise, but I thought you needed to see I’m serious about this.”
“I like kids and I got a lot of intel out of … them,” Steve said, climbing after him. He kept his eyes resolutely in front of him and not on Tony’s ass right above him.
Steve nodded against Tony’s neck. ‘Yes, yes, please, I’ll let you, I’ll let you always…’
That didn’t make Steve feel any better.
Nope. He couldn’t say that, not with the terrifying possibility of Steve taking him up on his offer. Was he still… dirty? Did Steve smell like Batroc now? No. He wouldn’t think about that. ‘… call reception and ask them for an ETA on room service?’
‘Yes. Unlike in Asgard, we have HR departments here,’ Tony said. Clint had only heard from their HR department once, after a very unfortunate incident with a nerf gun and an intern. His face had been bruised for weeks and the intern had been swiftly reprimanded.
. The other man was there already and he would still be there when he left. No matter how much Peggy’s absence hurt Steve, no matter how much he wished to be near her, she wouldn’t notice he was gone because he had been gone for fifty years already.
Bruce held his palms up and nodded. “Whatever you say, Mr. Pym, whatever you say.”
Steve opened his eyes and his striking gaze was more honest than ever.
“His solution is not…”
“Are you stupid?! We’re not leaving you behind.”
The other man laughed at some private joke. "Sometimes I wish you had been a goat farmer…"
“How this goes. What I have to do to go back.”
At least he was satisfied with his room. It was small, but his things would fit and it’d be a private space he could retreat to. And maybe, with time, it'd look less like a cell.
“I know. It’s beautiful! Only a genius could have designed it, if I say it so myself.”
The position highlighted every muscle in Steve’s arms and Tony wondered how much could Steve take before his body gave up on him. He’d give everything for a chance to find out how Steve looked pushed past his limits. But that’d be later if there was a ‘later’.
‘The one about no… no sexually charged moments in front of the team!’
“Doing what? My job? I won’t. He can get as angry as he wants.”
They didn’t talk after that. Steve hoped Tony would let it go, but when he sat down for dinner, he realized Tony liked to nurse grudges. The broken chair was on top of the table surrounded by crude paper flowers.
There wasn’t anything he could reply to that, so he had no choice. Yes, he could leave, but he wouldn’t be able to deal with the guilt if something happened to the crew. He had experience in things beyond this world and the serum was an advantage no matter what he did. The crew would be better off if he went along. They needed him and nobody else did.
That’s when he heard the click of Tony’s channel turning back on.
Well, calling a woman none of them had ever seen a friend was too much, but maybe it’d… Nope, it didn’t work. The alien tilted its head and moved its hand to its weapon. Steve put up his hands. “You can check our ship if you’d like. We don’t have weapons.”
‘But you told me about the hot tub. I remember. I told you that we should have another training room.’
Tony’s hand came to rest on the woman’s waist. It was big and as handsome as the rest of him. The suit, a new one, was well-tailored and highlighted Tony’s wide shoulders. He stood out even at a party full of famous stars and rich pretty boys.
“Nope. I’d rather ruin your date.”
His heart pounded on his chest, but Steve had never backed down from a challenge. Never.
. Their lives were so tangled that if Tony reached for a T-shirt, it could be Steve’s and he wouldn’t even notice. It smelled like Steve, yes, but everything in the Tower did.
“I don’t think this music is even intended for bipeds.”
‘Sounds good,’ Steve replied.
The alien talked into a device that looked pretty much like the ones the Excelsior crew was using. Whatever they told him, it worked because it slid towards them. It squinted his one eye and looked up to Tony. “What can you do then, Not-a-Kree?”
Laura began walking towards a purple merchant with seven claws, three hoofed legs, and a beak, even before Tony finished talking. Even from a distance, his words were translated and wasn’t that brilliant? Tony was… he was capable of turning the future Steve had been searching for all along into a reality. He glanced at him and smiled when he noticed Tony glancing back. Tony looked away.
Tony let go of Steve’s hair and turned away from the window. He had goosebumps — was the room that cold?
“It’s not technically Kree, I made a few improvements on Kree designs. My fingerprints are all over it.”
He took it — it’d be rude not to — and took a sip. Disgusting.
“You need to stop doing that,” Natasha said.
He made a pause. Nat and Clint were crossing their arms and Tony kept nodding at everything Steve said. Even Strange looked like he was paying attention. The oddest thing was that they were letting him talk.
He heard footsteps — familiar ones, subtle ones. Nat. When she knelt beside him the water splashed all around them, but Steve didn’t stop digging.
The ship remained silent and nobody else spoke, not even when Steve stomped towards the armory. Why were they all so damned young and immature? Steve hated that. Hated the arrogance of youth and the invincibility of innocence. They hadn’t lost anything yet. They thought they could fight against everything, that everything was some sort of game. What was going to happen when they realized that wasn’t how life worked? When they found something that they couldn’t joke away?
‘So, team, we’ve got news,’ Steve said as he sat down on one of the couches. Tony sat down inches away from him.
“Wow. You’re a dick,” Tony said, but he was smiling. Steve liked that smile.
Then he carefully packed a speed bag — the ship was small, but he still wanted to get some training done — and six months' worth of art supplies in the crate they had sent. The packet said there would be a library on board and to send any special requests to Hill, but he was sure that there wouldn’t be good quality art supplies on the ship. It had been a pleasure to shop for it and if he was going to go to space, he wanted to memorialize it in the only way he knew how.
‘What?’
The creature opened several dozens of bulbous, pupil-less green eyes. “And?”
“So what I do then? What can I do besides waiting?”
‘Brought you ice cream. Pecan butter,’ Tony said, without missing a beat, and shoved the ice cream into Steve’s arms.
Steve looked up and bit his bottom lip. Was he supposed to let Batroc touch him? Even after what had happened, it was too much for him.
“I didn’t say anything.”
Somebody knocked on the cockpit door but didn’t bother waiting for an answer. It could be anybody: nobody in the crew knew what manners were. This time it was Strange, with his arms crossed and a frown that made him look a decade older.
“That’s because you snore, Banner,” Rhodes said. “All I care about is not being Tony’s roommate ever again.”
“Because… because I’m the boss and it’s time I begin acting like it.” Tony let that sink in for a second. “Now, today’s special, so we’re all going this time. The security system is…”
“Look, we have no other way to prove we’re not Kree. And besides, would the Kree just show up here with one ship, unarmed, and hope you don’t notice?”
“We can get prepared now,” Bruce said. “Do you think I’m happy you can’t even tell when an alien has replaced me?”
“Fine. You all win. We’ll take William Tell over here and eat him first if we run out of food.”
‘That breaks a rule,’ Nat said before Clint could. So he just nodded and kept munching on his slice of pepperoni pizza.
“The boss wants us to settle the shifts.”
“I built a sensor,” Bruce said with a smirk. “I saw you take one of the radio communicators yesterday, so I rigged a device that could detect that radio frequency.”
Tony’s room was larger, yes, but small enough Tony had to move a few things in order to open a bed that was attached to the wall. That was useful and clever, but he hoped the bed was more comfortable than it looked like.
The uniforms were as tight as they looked and with all the white… They highlighted every curve and every plane of their bodies. Nobody was in bad shape and back when he was an art student, he would have killed to have them as models. He tried hard not to, but he couldn’t help but catch a glimpse of Tony’s… sculpted back before he looked away and focused on the wall. What would Howard say if he caught him doing that? He shook his head. He had to stop thinking about Howard and everybody else he was leaving behind.
“He’s so bored I’m scared he’s gonna give us food poisoning just to have something to do,” Steve said.
‘I’m not…’
‘I’ll go shower and then we can hit the expo. I’ve got you an image inducer, so nobody’s gonna realize it’s you.’
Steve opened the door a bit — he recognized the street they were in.
(See the end of the chapter for
Fury calmly sat down on the bench. “It’s not his project. It’s his son’s, Tony. Doesn’t talk to the old man much.”
“Right. You’re right.”
‘It’s 4 AM. You have work today. You
‘… I understand. I’ll never let you go again, Steve.’
. In the back of his mind, Tony’s spirit of scientific inquiry filed the fact away with the rest of the Super Serum Facts. But at the top of it, Tony’s reckless penchant for endangering his emotional well-being was in charge. Instead of taking off the towel or walking away like a normal person, Tony put his hand around Steve’s throat. Steve didn’t move, but his pulse went up.
“Hi. Here’s the brilliant mechanic you called for.”
‘I could watch you forever. You’re so gorgeous, so pretty,’ he kept talking into Steve’s ear. ‘I want to use them like they did — you’re a great cocksucker, aren’t you? And you were so tight today. I want to fuck you. Are you gonna let me?’
‘Steve… are you two serious?’ Nat asked.
He wanted to say “happy”. He wanted to say “safe”. He wanted to ask if he was home.
“Really, Laura?” said Clint with mock hurt.
“You box?”
‘I was, but were you? Did you… like it?’
‘My favorite! Come on, I’ll cook you something. What do you want? Something simple? We can order in if…’
Steve’s face broke into a smile. ‘Tony!’ he said and waved at him. ‘You’re early.’
"You promise?"
Then, instead of compounding his bad decision making by lounging around naked, he put on some clean underwear and a silky robe. They didn’t have much time left in Madripoor (soon they’d go back to their lives where missions debriefs didn’t turn into kinky sex unless you were the X-Men) so he began packing his suitcase. His discarded clothes were all over the room and he had to hunt them down. For a night of wild sex, the damage was negligible: his shirt was a lost cause and his tie was nowhere to be found, but his underwear was dirty but salvageable and his pants were just a bit wrinkled.
He strolled towards Tony, as leisurely as if he was walking down the beach. Tony was visibly annoyed and Steve smirked. Now he knew what it felt like to be ignored.
‘And you’re not most people, right, Tony?’
Maybe it would help clear the air of whatever was causing the permanent tension between them. Steve couldn’t name the… static electricity between them. Whatever it was, it drew his eyes to Tony all the time, to how he worked with his hands and how he laughed at Rhodes’ jokes or read murder mysteries sprawled down in the sofa, his T-shirt riding up and exposing his belly.
To Steve, he didn’t look happy, but… the entire world didn’t look happy. The other man and the city and Howard looked weary, tired, dirty. Maybe it wasn't them — maybe it was Steve tainting everything.
“It’s…”
He knew what to do with it and the monster learned to fear him after that.
“You…I need to…”
“Let’s just make this clear — I’m the boss here, okay? So I won’t tolerate any more of this… this insubordination.”
The door swung open and three people came out. Steve stepped aside and before the door closed, he stepped inside. The shop was empty save for a hulking guard and a metal door. He heard the music even before he pushed the door open: loud, rickety, almost unrecognizable. He went down a flight of stairs, smelling cigars, alcohol, vomit, and sex. His face flushed red but he pushed through his embarrassment. He had a job to do.
“Natasha!” Clint said with a grin. “You’re here! And as loving as usual.”
With the shield came the memories. First the war and HYDRA. Then his mother and New York.
Everybody else was hanging outside the ship — they had nothing to do but crackle with nervousness. Clint was showing off his aims throwing a rock at things, while Rhodes goaded him on. Laura and Strange were talking about medical supplies. From what Steve could hear, Strange was grudgingly impressed by how literally everything he could ask for was already accounted for.
Steve frowned, but Tony was already asleep, happy like a cat. Steve was rubbing his back.
"Is the beard an attempt at disguising yourself?"
“At some point, I realized I’d always be paying a debt to him. Not just for… I was tied to what he told me I’d be. And everybody believed him. When Captain America tells you who you’re going to be, you listen. I wanted to live my own life. I’m… not the only one on this ship doing that, I think. Running away from that.”
"Pleased to meet you, Fury."
“I’m an old man, of course I snore.”
“Yep.” He grabbed a chair and sat across the table from her. ”We’ll be working security together, right?”
Rhodes turned back on the pilot seat, and his voice cracked the silence. “Well, I guess this must be the place.”
Steve tilted his head. “I think I can manage it.”
“Which I’ve carried out already. Everybody else is on the ship. Which is up and running. Rhodey’s ready to leave the second we tell him to.”
“Don’t let go. I don’t wanna lose you… in the crowd, I mean,” he said. Damn. He was always too much too soon.
The stars… They had turned out to be way less cold and empty than it seemed. SHIELD had tried to compile as much intel as possible, but the results were sparse. He memorized how the Skrulls worked — his paranoid side already working overtime on how to spot shapeshifting aliens. He read over Kree weapons specs and over the general idea SHIELD had on space politics. There were rumors of living planets and eternal beings, of wars spanning galaxies and colorful cultures in even more colorful planets. From the glimpses SHIELD had seen, there was a universe without end out there, waiting for humans to join it.
They climbed the stairs towards the ship and then the door slid open with an almost silent sound. Steve was, even if it pained him, disappointed. The roofs were barely tall enough for him, but at least it wouldn’t bother anybody else in the crew. The floor was cold harsh metal and the walls were painted white in a fruitless attempt at disguising how tight the space was. The artificial dim glow of the lights didn’t help. It didn’t look… it didn’t look homey or that comfortable, but it would have to do. Steve had lived through worse.
“Hi, Bruce. We were just wondering — are you a Skrull?”
“Nope. I’ll stay here. With my friend,” Strange replied as he put his arm around a sleeping man-sized snake.
“You could’ve asked before taking it.”
And then Steve smiled. It was the widest, warmest smile Tony had seen in a long time and it brought him back to happier, more innocent times. He wanted to make Steve smile like that all the time and if the answer to that was kinky, hot, ill-advised sex, well… who was he to deny his duty?
“You follow the kid,” he said to everybody else. “Get the Excelsior running. I’ll distract them.”
‘The scowl could’ve fooled me.’
“That’s not… we’re friends. Sorta.”
“Is any of you a carpenter? Because now we’re down one chair and it hasn’t even been a month,” he said.
Steve smiled brightly, like he had learned during his USO tour. “Thank you, sir.”
“Fine. Five percent, three months and you’ve got yourself a deal.”
Rhodes shook his head. Steve mustered up all his Captain America-ness. It was a reflex by now: how to project his voice, how to look imposing, how to transmit a bone-deep certainty he didn’t feel.
“Sorry about that. I spent the money on useless things like a spaceship,” Tony said.
‘Oh, that’s nice,’ Batroc said when Steve shook his head against Batroc’s crotch. Tony had to stop playing around. When Steve said he was going to do something, he meant it.
“Don’t get sappy on me, Rhodey.”
“It’s a nerd thing, Grant. Don’t worry if you don’t understand,” Natasha muttered.
She stood up and stretched out her hand to Steve. He didn’t take it — he could stand up on his own. He winced when the wound on his abdomen acted up.
Its prisoner is where it left it. The restraints were enough, despite the prisoner’s ability to escape from captivity.
Tony took a step back and Steve uncrossed his arms. He wondered how they were going to handle each other without Pepper’s brand of elegant diplomacy around. Steve stepped away from Tony as well, but he wasn't done. If he had to force them to delay the take-off so they could get a doctor, he’d do it.
He fell silent. Not so long ago, Steve had been surrounded by carnage, the type of carnage that overwhelms even the best doctor. It seemed so far away, now. Tony squeezed his shoulder and pointed at another game. It looked like ring toss, but with singing sea sponges instead of milk bottles. They didn’t move, but they seemed to be breathing. A big one was in charge and kept yelling about how fun and easy the game was.
There was only one other regular — a man with only one eye, who never seemed to do any training.
“No, Stevens, I pick when to collect my debt.”
When he opened his eyes again, he was alone in bed. Perhaps the previous night had just been a wet dream but Tony’s ass was sore, there were bruises on his hips and Steve’s bed hadn’t been slept in. It had happened and Steve wasn’t gone, because he could hear the shower. What was Tony supposed to do? The shower was big enough for two…
“What’s
Steve crossed his arms, but Tony didn’t let go of his arm. “It’s not insubordination. It’s my job. We’re leaving for at least six months and we need to know each other’s strengths and weaknesses. We can’t just fly around there half-cocked, it’ll get you all killed.”
When the car Howard had sent to pick him up showed up, he realized how rich Howard truly was. He had always known it, but it had never hit him, not during the war where all of them were equally likely to die and Howard was another overworked scientist and not a captain of industry.
first contact,” Tony said, before taking Steve by the hand and dragging him to the merchant.
“We did get kicked out, didn’t we?” Bruce said. “From an alien bar.”
But they didn’t stop kissing.
After packing the art supplies, there was enough space left his crate for the shield, but not for the suit. He didn’t mind. The suit was bulky and outdated, but he couldn’t leave the shield behind. It could be useful and it was his favorite weapon, the only one that had come easily and naturally to him. He would have to find some way to smuggle it on board without explaining who he was.
, the man said and then he put his arms around Steve and brought him closer. Steve let the shield drop and realized this wasn’t a dream.
Behind him, Laura took a step behind and Clint shifted into a fighting stance. Bruce was almost hidden behind Steve. Tony wasn’t hiding and his smile was still shining and open.
After they ate dinner in silence, there was no friendly game of cards — sometimes poker, sometimes Go Fish, pinochle when Steve managed to convince them — or argument about the best Star Trek movie or any of the small rituals Steve had grown used to. Instead, everybody left for their rooms without a word, except Nat and Steve.
Clint swallowed and raised three fingers. ‘Rule 3: there shall not be undue physical contact.’
And he was a soldier.
Tony was going to say something, but a slow clapping interrupted him: Rhodes and Natasha stood behind him with solemn expressions.
“But we have no room for him. Literally,” Bruce said.
“Because you’re going to get lost or killed or worse without your bodyguard. And well,” Steve went on before Tony could call him a dick. “I thought that if I followed you, I’d have more chances of finding something interesting.”
Soon enough, his brain would flood with the inescapable list of to-dos of a busy billionaire. He’d remember his appointments: an interview with
Steve shrugged. “It was faster that way.”
“Fine. Have it your way,” Steve said and walked past the other man. If he wanted to keep his secrets, Steve had no business with him anymore. He’d carve his own path and everybody else be damned, like he had always done.
Natasha and Rhodes were already running across the field before Steve had even finished counting. Well, he did say no rules applied and it was good to know that neither of them would turn down a fighting advantage. He felt a little bit sorry for the bloodbath that ensued when they reached the SHIELD agents who didn’t know how to handle the flurry of kicks and punches that descended upon them. He watched them fight almost with pleasure. They were good. Natasha had the swift grace of a ballerina and the sharp edge of a knife. Rhodes complemented her perfectly, with his harsh strong punches and his quick reflexes.
him. Oh, that part had been equal parts awful and fantastic. Steve tightening around his fingers, lube all over the place, and Tony pretending not to enjoy it. He was proud of his work: the way Steve’s back muscles strained and how his position showed off his soft, smooth buttocks.
Then he stepped into a pandemonium: young people with short dresses and long eyelashes draped around men twice their age, women with short bobs laughing while they clinked their glasses, an orchestra playing as if they were on a sinking ship, and in the middle of it all, Tony Stark.
‘What? Rip it off? No. Do as you’re told, Steve.’
"They see me all the time already."
"Come on, your ship is the last one!” one of the guards screamed as Nat and Steve ran towards them.
There were footsteps and… those footsteps were in the room. He elbowed Nat and she dropped her popcorn. They looked over their shoulders, very slowly.
“I don’t know, Stevens, why do you think I stayed behind?” Tony said and put his hand over Steve’s.
Steve’s brain melted. He looked around. Was T… Stark really talking to him? He hunched and looked at his shoes. The floor could use some mopping…
Steve groaned and hid his face in his pillow. Tony was so childish sometimes. He knew Tony was some sort of genius, but he was the most annoying genius Steve had ever met.
‘There wasn’t…’ Tony began and then his eyes went wide. Steve went fully red and disappeared up the stairs, still carrying the ice cream. Tony was still frozen in place.
Pepper guided him through the facility with a sure foot and the sound of her heels against the floor reminded him of Peggy. There wasn’t much to see, just the hangar and then the small concrete building next to the hangar that turned to be the crew quarters. It was the bare minimum and looked like it too. A beige communal kitchen with a table so small only four people could eat at the same time and a dark hallway that led to several cramped rooms with bunk beds. The showers weren’t much better — one for the women, two for the men. One of the men’s showers lacked curtains and they all lacked charm. The room assigned to him was exactly like the others — gray, drab, depressing.
‘Oh, no. Do you think I have to
‘We’re now back together as a team and we want it to go as smoothly as possible.’ Tony said. He glanced at Steve. ‘So fraternization is strictly forbidden.’
Nat kept up her pace and Steve wasn’t even getting winded, but Tony kept lagging behind. He was fit, of course, but not trained for this kind of running. Another mistake they would have to fix, Steve thought. But now all he did was slow down and look over his shoulder.
“The ass isn’t too bad either,” Laura said from her desk.
Pieces of the stall flew all around Steve. He closed his eyes, curled on himself, and tried to think. He could… throw the stall at them. Run. Try to catch up with the rest. Yes. That was the…
“If they wanted him dead, they would have already killed him. We both know that. If they’re taking him, he’s…”
But it cannot. It cannot.
Tony and Steve looked at each other, then at the team, then at each other again. Then they shook their heads.
“Yeah… that… that makes sense.”
Tony began walking into the crowd, not letting go of Steve. And what could Steve do, except follow? He couldn’t even hear the music over the laughter, the words, and the sound of the bodies moving around him, but it didn’t matter because he could feel Tony’s hand around his arm.
“Tony? Come on, it’ll be faster this way!”
“I’ll start,” said Laura. “I got some supplies. Water, especially. The rest of it… I don’t even know if we can eat it, but we can hope.”
Nat laughed. “If he’s bored, that means we’re doing well. A very busy doctor is bad news.”
“Fine, Stevens. I won’t eat it. Now,” he said, and then he sat down on one the sofas. Steve sat next to him. “So, let’s report on our findings.”
‘It’s on the house. Now, if you excuse us…’
‘What… what are you doing?’ Steve asked, but he didn’t turn to look at him.
The files had whited out the names of the agents involved in the Danvers incident, but Steve was sure Fury had been one of them now. “Plenty of bad people too, then,” he said instead of inquiring about it. There was no need. Maybe he’d get to ask Danvers herself.
There were leather seats for eight people and a wide window. The console with all its buttons and switches and blinking lights was beyond Steve’s understanding. He had never been a good pilot, but he would have to ask Rhodes to teach him how to pilot it, just in case. Maybe Clint and Natasha too. He suspected Tony knew how to do it, but it was better to have back-ups. You could never be too prepared.
At least children were the same everywhere: inquisitive and reckless. Fearless and scared, all at the same time.
“Oh, thank you, Pep, you shouldn’t have bothered.”
"Sorry, Steve, you know how I get about matters of national security."
“Wait, it’s over there!” Laura yelled, pointing at a crate some feet away with a huge, huge smile. Natasha bashed the heads of two agents together, let them fall and made a run for it.
Tony would be pissed if Steve failed at that. He had already failed Tony, he couldn’t leave behind the rest of the crew as well.
He stepped back into the kitchen, tried to not listen, but he still did. The serum sometimes was more trouble than it was worth.
He was raging against the heavens.
Feeling as if he was leaving his heart bleeding and beating inside the sewer’s rubble, Steve followed.
When there was a lull in the conversation, Steve stole a glance at him. Whatever it was that he saw clearly pleased him: his cheeks flushed and his grin widened. It was hard to resist, so Tony sauntered toward the table and sat next to him.
“I know, I know. Starting tomorrow I will. But I thought we had to celebrate with some astronaut food!”
day. He didn’t set an alarm but woke up at dawn anyway. Was it really happening? Or was he still dreaming in the ice, trapped in a nightmare? No. He wouldn’t have imagined people as real as Tony or Natasha. He couldn't come up with their young smiles and their bright eyes, or the hints of a past Steve hadn’t discovered yet. It couldn’t be a dream. He sat up on his bed and breathed deeply. Air filled his lungs, expanded his chest and reminded him that he was alive, that this was real.
“He doesn’t like you. At all."
“… what about Bucky?”
“How did you manage to miss Star Trek? Next time we explore space, we bring the tapes,” Strange said. “Okay, let’s go. We’ll buy some dinner and have a game night. Who’s with me?”
“You’re chairman of the Avengers, you can’t walk away from this!” she screams. She is very emotional. They all are. This means it cannot stay. Its programming lacks finesse and the necessary information. There are no files about the social dynamics of the Avengers, at least not ones it can find.
Tony rolled his eyes and finally looked up from his suitcase. “Fine. I called him two days ago and told him we hadn’t asked him to come because everybody knew he’d say no. I managed to imply it was because he was a coward. Time did the rest.”
Steve laughed, embarrassed like a schoolboy. ‘I…’
“Sure. It’s a copy anyway.”
“We don’t… we don’t have credits,” Laura was saying. Clint was behind her, his mouth thankfully shut, and Bruce was… very busy waving his hands in front of a vent and muttering something about the life support system and phenomenal energy needs.
“Can we…?”
“Look, we can negotiate. I’m sure we have something you want, even if we don’t have credits. We just arrived at this… part of the galaxy.”
“At yourself, then.”
‘I’m not scowling.’
“You could say that, but I think it’ll do you good. You’ll get to punch people instead of bags.”
voice. He used it a lot.
Steve nodded and went on when nobody said anything.
From inside the living room, people began counting down.
“About using the Quantum Realm for traversing space, yes, it’s more energy efficient and I wanted to discuss it with you because you’re the foremost expert on it and…” Bruce started. Steve’s mind always wandered off during his and Tony’s technical explanations and he suspected most of the crew did the same. He didn’t consider himself stupid or uneducated, but Bruce and Tony spoke in a language Steve didn’t get at all. When they talked, Steve would focus on the cadence of Tony’s words — it was an intoxicating rhythm — and ignore what they were talking about. It worked as a way of falling asleep quickly.
“I’m… I’m not leaving him behind. You don’t care, but I do,” Rhodes said.
“I’m optimistic but what’s coming won’t be like this.”
Steve coughed. “If we’re done talking about… contact with aliens, I wanted to remind you to trust nobody. Skrulls are the best infiltrators in the galaxy. Don’t give them the chance.”
, for real. He was smiling like a loon when he took off his shirt so he could change into his pajamas — dark blue, with the Stark Space Squad logo on it. That was exactly when Tony decided to burst into the room screaming obscenities and waving his hands around. Steve stood frozen, self-conscious about his exposed chest.
“Yeah, you’re right…”
Tony sat up on the bed and looked at Steve, with a small, sleepy smile. “You’re dying to go, aren’t you?”
“The weight of expectations.”
Tony made a non-committal sound and shook his head while the rest of the crew convened around him.
Tony then felt bold enough to kiss him. And because Steve was too good and Tony was too lucky, Steve kissed back. The kiss tasted of somebody else’s cum and that pushed Tony over the edge. He came, finally, a wave of relief flooding his body. Steve came next, with a whimper, and crumbled on top of Tony, putting his arms around Tony’s waist. It was like being hugged by a very big, very happy bear.
“Rhodes, set a course to the next inhabited star system. We need to figure out where Kree take their prisoners.”
“Down here!”
“Whatever, Stevens. You’ve been warned.”
‘How… long it was?’
‘Thank you for… for the food,’ Steve said when he sat down.
“I… you don’t work here?”
“The Tony Stark touch, not the Howard Stark one, sir. But really… not the point. The point is our med bay over there.”
“I’m a fast reader,” Steve said and shrugged.
‘Didn’t think Captain America was a betting man,’ Jane said in a stage-whisper.
Tony rolled his eyes but didn’t fight back. Probably because Laura was right: morning Tony was even less interested in social niceties than afternoon or evening Tony.
It was good Steve remembered the way back because Tony kept getting distracted by the mechanic wonders around them. It didn’t matter that Steve didn’t get one word of what Tony was saying and still couldn’t understand how the station worked, he never got tired of Tony’s easy, giddy enthusiasm and of the way Tony’s hands moved when he illustrated his points. Even the odd devices and interesting food in the stalls couldn’t take his attention off the man walking beside him. Lost in their one-sided conversation, they were startled when they turned a corner and found the big entrance to the docks. Tony stopped and frowned.
And what would they say, if they knew who Steve truly was? Because he didn’t know for how long he could keep up with this lie. He had thought he could stop being himself, that space would give him the chance to shed his duty and become somebody else. A freer person. A happier person. But the past always caught up with him, because he carried it with him. He carried his mother’s laugh and the steel behind her gentleness. Peggy’s warm kisses and her unflinching view of what her duty was. Bucky’s kind smirks and his readiness for sacrifice. Howard’s turning sour under the burden he had chosen to carry. Everything he was was intertwined with who they had been. Forgetting himself would mean forgetting them and he couldn’t do that.
Bruce got into bed again and turned his back to Steve. “Your job? Does Tony know you’re the team leader now? Because I’m sure he’d love to hear it.”
A hand waved from behind what was left of another stall.
Nat and Steve glanced at each other.
The other man — broad shoulders, impressive arms, the overconfident air Steve associated with pilots — remained close to the door and to Steve.
Tony blushed crimson. “Well, even aliens know that, Skrull.”
‘What’s your price?’
Right. The mission. He had a mission — the intel. Now that he had done… his part, Batroc would have to hold his side of the deal. He focused on the AC droning on and the red light flickering from the TV until his breathing was normal, but even then his muscles stayed sluggish, and his brain didn’t shake off the fog of orgasm and pleasure.
He chuckled. “Had to make a good impression.”
After dinner, he knew what he had to do. He waited until everybody else had left and went to the cockpit. Tony was curled in the pilot’s seat, doing the night shift instead of Rhodes. His blanket was a red-and-gold quilt that looked old but well-taken care of and his dark, deep brown eyes reflected the stars around them.
And if he did, his cover would be blown and they would have bigger issues. No. A risky, fly-by-night operation was the perfect place for the spare Steve Rogers.
‘They’re not. Tony’s a softie.’
“That was unnecessary, Tony. I’m not going to… ew.”
Breakfast was pretty varied and abundant, but Tony only drank coffee — he didn’t have an appetite for anything else. Steve came out of the shower only when he smelled food.
"What do you think?”
“Well, yes, of course it is. How many names do you think I have?”
‘Stay put,’ he said with a sardonic smile. Steve sat back on his heels. The room was hazy, even Batroc felt far away. All that mattered was Tony’s slow, steady breathing coming through the mic.
“And leave the team in your hands? Never.”
“Human! Mister Human! Stevens!”
“Can you send me some information about it? It seems… fun. I didn’t want to ask Howard.”
Steve couldn’t bite his tongue anymore. ‘Well, yes. Now
"Well, you can't say I didn't warn you."
“I know, Grant, I know. Greatest infiltrators in the galaxy. Don’t be so paranoid.”
Steve had a fairly certain suspicion of what Tony had been doing. He tried to keep the images out of his mind. He didn’t always succeed.
God, did his other self had to get himself into everything? “He knows the kid?”
“Thanks,” he said and sat down at the kitchen table. He wanted one last peaceful breakfast, lingering under the sun that sneaked in through the kitchen door and enjoying how air tasted on Earth. He didn’t talk and Rhodes and Natasha didn’t mind it, lost in their own thoughts and memories. He sipped his coffee — Rhodes had gotten it exactly right — and he watched the rest of the crew get into the kitchen in waves. The Bartons were next — Clint only had coffee, but Laura had a full breakfast full with scrambled eggs and pancakes — and then Bruce. He was the only one that looked relaxed, but to be fair, that could be just sleepiness.
“I’m not angry at Tony.”
“And the rest of you… I think that Grant and I will be enough for a first approach.”
Clint just left the room. Everybody was in denial.
Her smile became thin and taut, a wall of polite ice. “Tony has taken care of that.”
“We don’t have much time and we also don’t have… actual training facilities.”
“You can do that without risking the health of this crew which, let me remind you, is my responsibility.”
“So are they good or not?” Natasha asked when Bruce made a pause to sip on his coffee.
“And I want to be as far away as possible from it,” Natasha said.
“How can I, when I’m leaving all the stupid with you, Buck?”
“Seriously. You’re all crazy.”
Tony snorted. “Well, I would never have guessed that was his type.”
“Wait, you won at one of the games?” Clint said, pointing to Tony’s big stuffed whatever it was.
Steve was beginning to believe this trip wasn’t the most planned trip ever. It was as reckless as Howard had implied it was. Why was Tony doing it? Ego. Wanting to prove his father wrong. He crossed his arms. “Wait. So we have no medical team?”
“Hey. I wanted to talk to you.”
Tony was in his element, and Steve didn’t know whether he was telling the truth or bluffing or walking the line between those two things. It didn’t matter — Steve’s pulse was racing all the same.
“I’m gonna count that as a win,” Tony said and stood up. “That was fun. We should do that more often.”
"I'm Nick Fury. Call me Fury. Everybody does."
“Right. If only we were only as charming as you, we wouldn’t have gotten kicked out,” Strange said as he stood up and brushed the dirt off his uniform.
He flinched. “Uh, what?”
. Steve, who was three blocks away and inching closer and closer.
“Say goodbye,” Tony whispered to him. Tony’s hand laid on top of his because there wasn’t enough space on the armrest. It was warm and soft and not at all what Steve would have expected. “Are you ready?”
He looked up. Stark was leaning towards him. ‘… Hello.’
“And SHIELD thinks it’s for real?”
“Oh, not everybody. Half the crew has arrived, but Tony…” She sighed. “He’s in Vegas, something about one last hurrah.”
‘Tiberius. What a surprise to see you here.’
‘Do you have the information?’ Steve said, keeping his tone business-like.
“Humans? I don’t see any humans here,” Tony said. Steve couldn’t see his face, but he imagined the charming, fake smile anyway.
“That’d give us a little more space in the ship. It looked very tiny in the blueprints.”
The med bay had two beds, a small desk, two lockers and a lot of equipment Steve didn’t understand. “Is Bruce going to be working there?” he asked.
Tony snorted. “And what do you say?”
That had been the whole point of pairing himself with Tony. Force them to work together, to see each other good points.
‘You know how it is. Whenever you fall, I’ll be here to catch you.’ Steve’s breathing slowed down and he closed his eyes, relaxing into Tony’s touch. ‘What happened? Why did you want to stop?’
“I won’t let you two die alone, you idiots. And at least
“Which is…?” Steve asked.
“Giving me a gift is not losing,” Tony said and batted his eyelashes at him. Steve’s laughter died on his throat. “Anyway, we don’t even know what the prize is.”
“Come on, let’s help the rest,” she said. “You can cuddle after.”
“We’re all gonna get killed because of you, Stark!” Nat yelled. “Because we’re not going until you jump down!”
A normal morning at the Tower: videogames with the Hulk and Thor, with Nat providing colorful commentary and tactical tips for whoever was losing. Very peaceful and relaxing, so Clint knew that sooner or later, something would go wrong. That was life as an Avenger, after all.
There was no horrified expression, no half-hidden pity, just a curt nod. “Seems like a perfect match, then. I’d hire you today, but first, you have to pass our medical tests and… well, the boss has to meet you. He’s very particular.”
‘What’s the plan?’
Tony Stark rolled his eyes and kicked him out of the office.
“This is a team building exercise, we need to work together.”
‘They paid me a lot of money, but this… this was worth a lot more than that,’ Batroc said and brought his hand to Steve’s nape. Steve shivered.
Tony’s small laugh made Steve smile.
“How can we trust you?”
“I can live with that…” Steve said and gripped the blanket. “Do you… maybe we can go back for the carnival.”
Everything still had the slippery texture of a dream and Tony couldn’t find his footing in the watery surreality of the scene. He wasn’t sure if he could trust his own senses — the smell of cum, sweat, and the quiet sounds Steve was making against his gag. The thudding sound of some guy’s balls slapping against Steve’s ass. Tony’s own hard-on straining against his underwear.
“You too, Stevens?!” Rhodes said when they got out. “Am I the only one wearing just the uniform?”
‘Batroc,’ Steve said and turned to face the mercenary. Batroc was wearing only pajama pants. His broad, hairy chest was still wet from his shower.
Said room was still small and still cramped with Tony’s things, but that was going to change. First, he put his standard-issue digital alarm clock on top of his shelf. He didn’t want to slack off and it was important to have a set routine. He kicked open the locker at the feet of his bed and took out some sweatpants. It was a relief to get out of the white uniform. Technological marvel or not, but it wasn’t roomy enough around… certain parts of his anatomy.
‘Oh, no, thank you,’ the guy said and turned to the door.
‘Yeah, yeah, I think it’s about time.’
The silk pajamas were cold to the touch but beneath the soft fabric, Batroc’s cock was pure heat. When Steve closed his eyes, the sharp scent of pre-come and sweat made it very clear this was real. This was happening.
Clint frowned. ‘Cap. You know that’s unfair.’
“To establish contact with alien civilizations and acquire as many star charts as we can to explore further at a later date.”
“He’s the boss, Clint. He gets the chair.”
No. It still is.
‘Don’t know where they are…’
He had to learn how to sound more natural when he dropped his fake backstories. Maybe he wasn’t cut out for spy work. Why couldn’t he just punch Nazis and be done with it?
‘I… you weren’t enjoying yourself,’ Steve mumbled. His eyes were still closed and he was… well, he was trying to nuzzle against Tony’s crotch. That couldn’t happen, so Tony gently pushed him away. ‘Had to stop.’
Nat cut her short. “Kree have him. We’ll catch up to them. Get him back.”
Alien carnivals! Dancing! Bar brawls! UST and mayhem!
Nat opened one eye, pouted, and covered her head with the blanket. The rest of the crew shambled into the kitchen one by one.
Because they had no money and no extra staff, they had to load their baggage themselves. It was hard to pretend he was making a lot of effort, but it was better if nobody noticed how strong he was. Besides, if he handled his own things, nobody would notice the shield.
‘Oh, Stark is here?’ Batroc said. ‘No chance then of a second date, then.’
A wave of relief hit Steve when he put his hand on Batroc’s chest and pushed him away. ‘
Steve stopped. That was a weird question. Had this happened? Did the other man remember? “Well, it’s his project. Of course he’s coming. I haven’t met the rest of the crew yet, but I’m sure they’re all...”
She was as quick with the coffee as she was with her fists. Steve admired that about Nat: her efficient movements, her quiet steps across the ship. But he also admired her caring smiles and the small gestures she made, like giving him his coffee in his favorite mug. Like listening to everything he never said. “Laura’s gonna be mad you made coffee.”
are working for me, let me introduce you to the wondrous Pepper Potts, greatest assistant in the world and over here, the magnificent Happy Hogan, driver and bodyguard extraordinaire.”
“I like his pouting better.”
That was a safe enough topic, where he wouldn’t stumble.
‘Seventeen months, fifteen days,’ Tony said caressed Steve's cheek. ‘I’m sorry it took me this long.’
“It’s not a good idea. What if they eat us?” he said.
At 8 AM sharp, they were all lined up on the tarmac, clean, fresh and well-groomed. A few seconds later, an expensive black car pulled up in front of them and the man that came out of it was exactly as mean-looking as his reputation suggested. Hank Pym was scowling even before he saw the hangar and its vintage charm.
“Did you guys try the bats-on-a-stick? Goddamn delicious.”
Steve resisted the urge to rip off the armrest of his seat. It was a valid question Strange had already asked a few hundred times. The answer hadn’t changed.
Next to him, Tony was rolling his eyes. “Yes, it is, but we’ve told you already — we will leave our seats once our course is stable and the engines have cooled off.”
Steve glanced at the window and said nothing. Of course, he didn’t — he never did. This was them, and they never talked about what made them hurt and seek and forgive each other in a merry-go-round of pain because what tied them together felt like barbed wire around their throats. So Tony didn’t say anything either when picked some of the left-over food for his own dinner and kept saying nothing while he ate.
“Yes, I know,” he lied, knowing nobody in the room would believe him.
“I'm not buying it."
and above all, Tony’s eyes meeting his across the crowd.
Stark raised his eyebrows. ‘Eloquent.’
"I think you need to sit down."
“Well, I had enough food for two years, for six people. With two more, it’s a year and a half instead.”
“The weight? Yes, of course, and I checked again yesterday.”
Tony’s channel went silent. Why? Was he angry? But Steve had… he had done well at the mission.
‘Wouldn’t that be nice? Would you like it?’
“Hey, that’s private.”
‘Oh.’ Batroc smiled and sat down on his bed. ‘That is très boring, mon ami.’
“I never doubted that,” Steve replied with a grin. He didn’t stop grinning during the entire ride home.
“Just put on the jacket. Tony’s gonna want to take it off anyway.”
Hogan was standing next to his boss, trying to look imposing and failing at it. Steve sketched him with even wider shoulders and crossed arms, towering over a very tiny Tony.
He didn’t start packing until the night before. The weight limit was pretty constraining, but whatever was left could be stored at the facility. At the bottom of his suitcase, he put a few pictures and a few mementos — his compass, his dog tags, a few sketches from the war, a picture of himself and Bucky from before the war — and then covered them with his neatly folded clothes. The packet had said there would be uniforms provided by Stark Space Exploration Inc., but they could pack civilian clothes too if that’s what they wanted and as long as they respected the weight allowed for each crew member. He didn’t take much — two pairs of pants, some shirts, a good leather jacket. Stuff he had always wanted to buy back in the day, but had never been able to afford.
‘Oh.’ The Hulk frowned and then grinned even wider. ‘That sounds even better.’
Tony offered him another glass.
‘This wasn’t about me. If you were having fun…’
Tony hummed in agreement so Steve let go of him — hm, now he was cold — and began walking towards the balcony. It’d be good to be away from the mad crowd for a while, no matter how much he loved everybody. With his enhanced senses, it wouldn’t be long before it got to be too much for him. One of the downsides of the serum.
“Alive,” Steve said. Alive. Tony was alive. “But for how long?”
Tony’s eyes widened. “Don’t worry. I’ll never let go... Shall we dance?”
"Then why?"
Steve took a sip of his drink. It was a lot to take in: the loud noises, the mission, the two first buttons of Stark’s shirt already opened… ‘It’s yours?’
“A carnival? Clint, what do you think?” said Laura.
There was only one person who could answer him. The man that had made all the decisions that had left Steve stuck as a plaything of fate. It was as simple as telling Fury he had questions and he knew who could answer them in the middle of one of their conversations about the 20th Century and all the things Steve didn’t understand. Fury was helpful during those conversations — so far, all he had said had been true. So Steve would punch things and then he’d ask Fury about whatever change had ambushed Steve during the week. Fury never talked about himself, but that suited Steve just fine. He wasn’t going to ask Fury to trust him, not when Steve didn’t trust him himself.
Steve bit his lip and squeezed even harder. They were taking advantage of the first people they had met. Not the impression Steve wanted them to make.
“Well, if you don’t want to ruin my marriage — and you don’t, because this is a very small space to handle a divorce — you’ll let me have the early shift so I don’t bother Laura.”
“Didn’t know you were a babysitter,” he said when Steve got back to him. He began climbing up the ladder. Oh, he was really annoyed then.
And Tony would be farther away but… seeing this group of soldiers, fighting with only their bravery against an empire… It brought back memories and a long-forgotten duty. Not to a nation or to a title, but to Steve’s most deeply held convictions. He had always rooted for the underdog, after all.
No consent issues this time around, just bad communication!
The next morning, he walked to the gym after breakfast. He needed to get his blood flowing, to remind himself he was not dead. He was out of the ice now. That wouldn’t change. When he arrived at the gym, Fury was already there and there was a SHIELD file on the bench. He knew better than to pretend he didn’t care, so after putting his things in the locker, he walked to the bench and opened it.
‘What? This is a serious matter!’ Steve said with a very serious face. His pout somewhat spoiled the effect.
Tony sighed and covered his head with his blanket. “You were right. About your stupid Skrull infestation paranoia. I cannot stop thinking maybe you’re truly a green alien yet here I am, opening up my heart to you.”
“The showers, I hope? … Because we’re disgusting and smelly, that’s… that’s why I’d find you in the showers. Yeah.”
“There’s not much else to see,” Tony said and pointed at a trapdoor on the floor. “That leads to the engine room and my workshop.”
“To say goodbye.”
“I didn’t, not really. I had nothing left on Earth.”
“This programming is based on your own thought patterns. Eventually, a weak spot will be found.”
“Where is Iron Man?!” Captain America yells when he lands. He does not stop. He runs towards the armor with his fist raised.
Steve couldn’t begrudge Strange his annoyance. He understood the itching for a problem to arise, the need for something to happen, but he had to find better avenues to channel that. His first step would be to up the training even more and he knew how to start. His speed bag was still waiting at the bottom of his crate, so one non-descript morning, he grabbed and nailed it to the Security corner’s ceiling.
“Fine. I’ll go apologize,” he said and stood up. “For what it’s worth, I like you just like you are. No need to live up to expectations with me.”
Tony narrowed his eyes but didn’t press the point.
“You don’t have to hide anymore!” one of them said. “We’re among friends here. We can show our true faces.”
“It’s not growing anymore,” Strange said with a shudder. “I took a sample… and what I learned made me kill it.”
“Are you part of… do you know
Everybody else stilled and fell silent. They had always known this could happen, but none of them was expecting it so soon.
“Keeping you fed, clothed and hopefully alive.”
They both shrugged.
“It pains me to say it, but yes. We can’t keep acting like this.”
“The door is that way if you want to leave.”
"He’s retired these days, but I asked him to come here. He's waiting for you."
Three days later, he got a call.
“Why would you do that?”
“Here,” he said casually, giving the prize to Tony. “Hope you like your gift.”
“Nothing will, you worrywart.”
“How?”
“Hey, never said
“My obligations to Tony Stark outweigh my obligations to the Avengers,” it says. It sounds natural, compared to recordings of Iron Man’s usual voice. But it does not work as well as it thought it would. Captain America gasps in shock and the Wasp does not shut up.
Steve leaped across the street and landed with a thud that was louder than advisable but there were no noises inside the room. Being careful now, he slid the window open and stepped into the hotel room. Even with no lights on, Steve could tell it was tasteful but bland. No visible computer or phone. He’d have to do a thorough search.
“No idea.”
Tony kissed Steve on the cheek, and like every morning, Clint made a gagging noise. It was reassuring in an odd way.
‘Rule seven?’ Tony asked, furrowing his brow.
is why you’re late?”
‘Oh, you go fast. You are not letting me seduce you as you deserve,’ Batroc whispered. ‘I’d go so slow like only the French can.’
‘Of course you don’t. I just enjoy teasing you.’
The prisoner lies back against the wall. “Ready when you are. We’ll see who finds whose weak spot first.”
The rest of the landing party spilled out of their rooms and Tony stood in the middle of them, crossing his arms and trying to cover up his nervousness. He was almost succeeding, but they had been locked up together for too long — Steve knew how his throat bobbed when he was unsure, how his tongue darted out of his lips when he was thinking about what he was going to say, how he stretched his back to look taller when he had to make an announcement.
Steve didn’t say anything, so Nat put her hand on his cheek and made him turn his head. He finally saw her: a bruise on her cheek, her hair covered in dust, blood dripping from her forehead. She looked so young. So damn young. Steve choked.
“Banner, pass me the salt,” Natasha said.
“What? Grant, that’s…” Nat said.
. Tony’s laughter was low and rumbling, almost as if he was laughing right next to Steve’s ear.
After that, Steve put his arm around his waist and pulled him closer. It was a cute image. It also broke one of the rules.
. We don’t want to take Space STDs to Earth.”
“You should have hired a better interior decorator,” Hank said.
“I wouldn’t think otherwise.”
“Oh, aren’t you glad to be here,” she replied and rolled her eyes before laughing. He put his arm around her shoulders and brought her closer. Linked like that, they walked into the carnival and something ached in Steve’s chest. He glanced at Tony, not sure of what to expect. Without one word, Tony began walking after Clint and Laura.
The only reason Steve heard the ‘you’re welcome’ was because of his super hearing, so he said nothing. If he pushed more, Tony would clam down again, like he always did. And Steve would have this uneasy, precarious understanding built on whispers and unsaid secrets, knowing that sooner or later he’d lose even that, than have nothing at all.
‘Nobody ever uses the train…’ Tony began saying and then he tripped with the rock from the day before. That happened a lot to Tony.
He sat up on the bed and analyzed the room. It looked like a normal hospital room, but there wasn't any screaming and he couldn't catch the scent of blood, vomit, and gunpowder he expected. Maybe he had died. Maybe Heaven was a bland hospital room where nurses fussed over you and nobody let you do what you wanted. So no, it could not be that. Capture, then… or rescue. He shook his head. No. He couldn’t hope for that, not when his last memory was the cold trapping him and the ice growing all around him. He set his feet on the ground — it was cold and he realized he was barefoot, wearing pants and a T-shirt — and stood up next to the bed.
“Fix your generator, the one that’s complaining like an ailing grandmother who’s very disappointed you never call. Well, ‘fixing’ is a bit of an understatement. I can improve fuel efficiency, maximize output, and fix that damned noise. How do you tolerate it?” Tony said and leaned back against one of the walls.
“Let’s dance,” Tony said, looking up at him.
Steve, meanwhile, had been staring at his civilian clothes, neatly laid out on his bed, for the past fifteen minutes. On Earth, he hadn’t had enough time to understand the new trends and on the ship he just wore his uniform, so it hadn’t been an issue. And now… Now he hoped his leather jacket looked good but he didn’t know what to do about the rest of it. Jeans? He thought they fit him well Snugly. But they also felt too informal. What about his shirt? Was his uniform T-shirt okay or should he wear a nicer shirt?
“In the… field, it’s likely you won’t be joining us. It’s important you two learn to work together, just in case.”
“Who said anything about generosity? You’ll owe me a favor.”
“Hm. Hello?”
His thoughts were cut short when the engines roared and drowned all the other sounds in the cockpit. Then, a rainbow exploded in front of them. Steve squeezed Tony's hand and Tony laughed.
“Oh, so you agree he has nice pouty lips and expressive eyes?”
When he stared at the featureless ceiling, he wished there was a skylight there too, so he could fall asleep watching the stars, so he’d be sure it was for real. Maybe he could ask Tony, once they got back to Earth, once their next… He had to stop dreaming of things yet to come. Maybe, by the time the ship got back, he’d be already in the past, with Peggy. Maybe the ship would never go back. He tried to sleep, but hours later, when Tony opened the door, took three steps and face planted into the other bed, Steve was still awake.
At all.
Steve decided to wait until Rhodes was there before eating, even if his stomach kept rumbling. But it would be rude to dive in, especially since Rhodes was one of the only responsible members of the crew.
Tony turned on his heels and when he crossed his arms, Steve realized the training had worked: Tony’s biceps were now… well. They were
“I said no alive things, Laura.”
‘Oh, he speaks. Where is this uncle from, then?’
He didn’t want to add more stress to her job, but it couldn’t be helped. He had a duty. “… Ms. Potts?”
“You okay there?” he asked, pretending he wasn’t out of breath.
When the lighting changed and an odd melody began playing, the tentacle bartender slithered over the counter and towards the dance floor. Rhodes followed it and let its tentacles twist around his arms. They swayed to the throbbing bass of the music and Steve’s mouth went dry. His brain was really, really getting weird. He tore his eyes away from the scene and turned his head to the source of the sound: a group of translucent anemones that changed shapes and colors as they played their slow, steady rhythm.
“What? Are we going to have an argument in the middle of a Kree attack? I know you get off on bickering with me but this is too much.”
‘Best decision I ever made.’
“You can always ask for more,” Tony said. “Better food. A better bed. Better teammates that don’t make a big deal about chairs. That kind of thing.”
Steve almost ran into the other room, wanting to outrun his trepidation and his doubts. The other room was even less personal than his own room — harsh light illuminating gray concrete walls. There was a black leather sofa in the middle of it and a dark-haired man was sitting there. Steve came to a halt and willed himself into calmness. He couldn’t cry. This was a happy moment — Bucky hadn't changed as much as …the other man had. His hair was long and he looked bigger, yes, and he was also wearing gloves inside the room, but the sad smile and the expressive eyes were the same Steve remembered.
“You’re just annoyed I picked him first.”
‘Why? I liked that. The way you… I like it when you watch,’ Steve said, his voice growing steadier with each word.
After Steve let go of his shoulder, Tony followed the alien and began working on the engines, chatting with the frazzled creature all the while. Well, Steve was extraneous now but he still took his job seriously, so he had better check the perimeter.
Tony got there a few minutes after. “Wow, you’re a show-off. And a weirdo.”
‘Adieu, mon capitain. I cannot wait until our next rendezvous.’
“Don’t you ever come back…” the tentacle being said, shaking several of its tendrils through the bar’s door. Another one curled around one of Rhodes’ biceps. Steve couldn’t blame Th’llarr for that. Rhodes’ biceps were really impressive. “…except for the pretty one. He can come back any time.”
‘It’s not my style.’
It wasn’t a long ride — Howard still lived in New York, in some impressive high rise building with an immaculate foyer and a fancy elevator. Howard’s home itself was as immaculate and as expensive as the exterior. It had a modern style, but it wasn't in-your-face about it and Steve approved of the paintings that hung there. They showed good taste, like the pure white sofa. He wondered how they kept it clean and looking like something out of a catalog, before sitting down on it. Howard sat in front of him, with a weird smile. He had changed the most out of all of them - his wild dark hair was gone, he had become more... distinguished. He looked everybody imagined a billionaire that had the fate of the world on his hands on a regular basis would look.
Then he heard three clear knocks on the ground. That was… He opened his eyes and bolted upright. That was Steve’s sign.
“You’re not going with them?” he asked.
Even if the sun rose like it did every day and if people yawned and blasted their blankets and curled with their alarm clocks, it was not a morning like any other. Steve was too nervous to even train and for the first time ever, he did not finish his breakfast. When he opened the door, he blushed because Tony was there like every day, with his dazzling smile.
‘So… hm…’ Tony began, but Steve hummed instead of saying anything. ‘Is this an okay time to ask you out?’
“Dishonorable tactics. I like those ones,” Tony said with a grin. He didn’t look sleepy anymore. None of them did — they all looked ready. Way readier than the SHIELD recruits at least.
Steve ignored Tony and focused on the platforms. The pattern was easy to remember and even if he wasn’t able to use his body to its utmost ability, he was sure he could beat it. He stepped onto the lowest platform, and it began moving up.
By the time Tony entered the room, Steve had put down his sketchbook on the desk and was busy re-folding his clothes. He didn’t want them to be wrinkly.
And go translate some of my own fills, yes.
How could have they been so careless? Refugees or not, the Skrulls could still infiltrate them and now… now any of them could be somebody else. They all eyed each other, but nobody moved. He could tell Nat was doing the same mental calculations he was doing — how fast could he reach each of his crewmates? How fast could he twist a neck or break a leg?
So he had given up on it. At least he had been given a reprieve because Tony had left on a business trip for two weeks. Clint hadn’t even needed to be told to figure it out: Steve was sulking and everybody knew why he sulked. He had spent all morning training alone and now he was silently eating his instant ramen. He was so sulky he hadn’t wanted to cook.
Tony didn’t answer, because he never did and because their way was blocked by a gray boulder three times the size of a car. Steve could see the edges of a trapdoor under it.
Yes. That could work. Tony’s breath hitched when Steve let himself fall to his knees with a loud thud. At least the rug was thick and lush.
“Loose lips sink ships and so do kisses with tongue,” Clint finished, with a grin.
The team remained silent. They were going to be stubborn about it, then.
Steve smiled a little, but nobody replied. Natasha was still curled up in a seat, holding her knees close to her chest, and Tony was still leaning against the glass. Steve could see the curve of his smile and his shining eyes fully focused on the space station reflected on the window. Clint and Laura huddled together near the back of the cockpit and even Strange remained silent.
They both nodded. It was ridiculous, hearing them talk about fraternization when their knees were touching and Tony’s arm was thrown behind Steve’s shoulders, almost touching him but not quite. Could it be possible that…? No. They couldn’t be that stupid?
Thor’s laughter startled them and then everybody was spilling out of the balcony,
Tony snorted.
“I know,” Nat said, with a big yawn. She threw the blanket away and jumped off the sofa. With her arms up, she pushed her chest out and her hips back, like she did every morning. And like every morning, Steve looked away. “Soviet Russia was more generous than this ship.”
“Are we going to take turns with the chair?” Clint asked.
Hank Pym hadn’t come alone — there was a brunette girl around Tony’s age hidden behind him. Steve guessed she was Pym’s daughter, Hope. She was dressed like she was all business, her crisp suit contrasting Laura’s flannel shirt and Natasha’s torn clothing. “Which is why you should let me join,” she said.
“Don’t try to flatter me. I still won’t pack your things.”
“Sure you do,” Rhodes said. “Sure you do.”
Clint laughed. He wasn’t alone: even Nat was giggling.
There was so much yearning in Tony’s voice that he couldn’t say no when he tore the page from his sketchbook and taped it to the wall, alongside the Pepper sketch. Tony touched it with his fingertips. “Already starting to look like home, don’t you think?”
Tony was smarter than Steve had given him credit for. He was also unable to be straight with Steve, always over-complicating the truth. “I’m sorry for...”
Steve was staring right ahead, perfectly still, so Tony moaned, loud and filthy and overacted. Steve shut his eyes.
Beyond it, a mass of streets and alleys weaved a lively labyrinth full of vendors hawking their wares, tittering children, and a myriad of smells that Steve could not even name. A plethora of small stalls grew on the dark metal walls like the flowers of a murky vine. There weren’t just green aliens there. A kaleidoscope of beings swarmed through the tight streets.
“No, sir, that’s just a hobby.”
“But they work?”
Steve looked down: he hadn’t noticed that the gash in his abdomen had never stopped bleeding. Not the worst wound he’d received, not by a long shot, but he had better go with Strange. Even if it was nothing the Serum couldn’t handle, but he didn’t want Strange to know he was a freaky science experiment who couldn’t even do his job right. Not yet, at least.
“You must. If you do not, you will be tortured.”
No. Rhodes was… well, Steve hadn’t that much dating experience, but even he could tell Rhodes was flirting with the tentacles tending bar. Bruce looked on, horrified but still sipping on some viscous blue liquid.
‘I’m after information,’ Steve said. He wasn’t in the mood to indulge Batroc’s brand of banter.
He was already awake the next day, an hour after dawn, when the other man came into his room with his breakfast. He was almost glad — he was very hungry and at least the other man knew what he liked. The man silently put the breakfast tray on the nightstand and Steve grabbed the cup of coffee and sipped on it. It was rich and fragrant, the kind of coffee he had never tasted before. While he drank it, he looked up and stared at the man.
Steve’s fingers were so clumsy each button took him about a minute. He had the worst case of sex brain Tony had ever seen.
The kid shook its head. “Not really. We just hear about her and her battles. The adults think we’re not listening, but we always are. She’s cool.”
She put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
But they wouldn't, not really. They'd hug him the way you'd hug a distant relative you have forgotten and then go talk to the other man. The man that had visited them for years. Who had shared their joys and their tears, who had been at their weddings and had helped move out after a divorce. He wasn’t that man.
“Not unless it can get you intel, Romanoff.”
“We’ll relieve you tomorrow. Or whenever you want to rest.”
‘No. No closing your eyes. You just can’t look. Come on, be brave.’
Tony leaned towards Steve and the glint in his eyes made Steve’s breath catch. “I’m trying to find a way into the engines. This place needs some maintenance.”
"I was… hoping we could get our dance now," he said and regretted his words immediately. She had had that dance, hadn't she? With the man on the door, a long time ago. This wasn’t his time.
“Oh, don’t flatter me,” she said, but she smiled. ”I know I've changed. We all have.”
“I don’t understand why…”
“You can shoot him and autopsy him, to check if he’s human,” Tony said, pointing at Steve.
“Yes, general,” Rhodes said, pouring himself more coffee than was healthy.
“Neither have you.”
. Even in the darkness of the sewers, he could tell an entire Kree squadron was there, pointing their guns at Tony. Tony, who was now facing them.
It was understandable. So far, their expedition had been an exercise in frustration, but now… now it was real. The first part of their journey was over — and now they had to step into their roles as explorers and face the unknown. He sat up from his seat, feeling the weight of everybody looking at him, and walked to Tony. “What do you think we should do?”
When he heard Steve and Tony coming down the stairs, he knew that this was it. Peace was over and now it was time to go punch people.
Tony waved at him. “Keep running!”
“Come on, Stevens, you need to get patched up.”
"You just said it. We're married. She'll want to see me."
“Why should I?”
Steve’s driver said nothing, not even when Steve waved him goodbye when he got out of the car.
No. There wouldn’t be. There was only ‘now’. He put a hand on Steve’s chest and leaned his weight on it — Steve’s skin was so sweaty it was slippery, but it was leverage enough for Tony to lower himself on Steve’s cock. Steve wiggled his hips, like the impatient bastard he was.
“You said I was paranoid. You said nothing was going to happen. I told you we could run into trouble!”
“They’d all be happy to see you, Steve.”
He wanted to say something smart, something charming or funny, but his mind was blank. “Come on, let’s go get ready,” he said instead.
Then he heard the room’s click open. He stood still — everybody knew Tony Stark was in town and there was always the possibility of unsavory characters paying a visit.
‘He’s the boss?’
Too bad they weren’t going to listen to him.
“So no winning big teddy bears for our sweethearts, then?”
‘There are always opportunities to be had when there’s a storm coming. That was it, right? Your motto.’
As he rushed through the rooftops, Madripoor became a blur of neon lights, rain, and last night’s despair. Steve always felt like an outsider in the city, but Tony… Tony looked right at home in the grime of the world’s shadiest island. And when he acted like a heartless billionaire tangled in a web of underworld connections, he stopped looking like the man Steve knew.
“Somebody has to mind the fort, Rogers.”
“Join SHIELD, like I did.”
“Yeah, I had a feeling you’d get it.”
“Give me a hint, at least."
“That’s the Bartons,” Steve said.
“Her husband,” Pepper said. “Who’s not actually joining the crew.”
“So you’re an artist?” Natasha asked, peering over his shoulder. He hadn’t heard her get close.
“We need you, Iron Man! You can’t just leave us!”
“Nat, they need protection. Keep them safe.”
“I met him once or twice before a mission. Everybody says he’s a real patriot.”
Clint gasped. ‘You’re not supposed to be dating.’
“Yes, seems a little bit… hopeful.”
“All I’m asking is when are we getting there. It’s a valid question.”
Rhodes was the first to notice. “Good idea, Stevens. I was getting rusty already.”
“So you know…”
“There’s no…”
“James Rhodes. Bruce Banner. Clint Barton and his wife and… and Natasha Romanoff,” the other man said, too quickly. This had been what had happened then, if he remembered the crew’s names that easily. Was this why he had been so emotional when he had mentioned Tony? The other man looked out the window. “It’s a good crew. Take good care of it and… and whatever Tony does, try to understand him. He’s a better man than either of us will ever be.”
, a demented reality show about the Next Great Circus Star. It was, apparently, a mockery of everything that circuses stood for, an affront to the dignity of pratfalls and knife throwing. It was dire but Clint insisted in watching it every week so he could mock it on his Twitter account (20.4 million followers and counting!).
‘Fury told me I had to make contact with you…’
“That’s not what I’m saying! The Kree have to come out of the sewers. We need to see if Tony’s with them. Only way to check that is getting out.”
Steve took a step forward, leaving a chain of muddy footprints on the rug. Batroc would have to pay for the damage but Steve didn’t feel too guilty about it. ‘Doesn’t have to be. I’ll make it worth your while.’
“No. Go ahead!”
“Well, that much is true,” Tony said, with a shrug. “And right, since we’re feeling generous, yes, it’s better if I don’t do this alone.”
He couldn’t tell her the truth and he couldn’t parade his broken heart around either. “Life here is boring. Needed something knew.”
“Natasha, you’re with Rhodes.”
‘What’s sexually charged about this?’
“Pleased to meet you, Stevens. My name’s a secret. What’s that?”
The boulder was gone when they got out, a trail of slime showing where it had gone — up. Several guards were there instead. They didn’t bother Steve and Tony, because they were too focused on convincing one of them to turn into their lead officer. Steve smiled. Soldiers were the same across the galaxy too.
The entire street shook and his ears began ringing. Then there was silence and the smell of burnt flesh. He opened his eyes. An explosion and a big one by the looks of it: debris, smoke, and the scattered remains of the Kree soldiers covered the street.
Steve could catch up to her. The only problem was that if he did, Tony would be too far behind. And… he looked over his shoulder. Tony was already 50 yards behind him.
“Hi, Steve,” she said with a voice that was wearier than he remembered. “You haven’t changed one bit.”
The Avengers, despite their overly-emotional nature, have proven hard to beat. Its army has been defeated through means unknown. The data is not clear yet, but it involves an electrical overload, blunt force, and being crushed. This is not a welcome change of plans. There are no resources left for another army. Even if it had resources, it would be useless unless the Avengers were no longer a factor. It cannot attack the Avengers right now. It needs more intel first.
They would have to distract him somehow. Maybe a party? A marathon? An Asgardian tournament? Clint was beginning to plan a Superhero Wrestling Tournament’s brackets when the familiar sound of 200 lbs of metal hitting the ground came from the balcony.
‘Hey, guys, game’s over,’ he said, but there was no need. The guy sitting on Steve’s face was already standing up with a worried frown and the hairy guy was helping the other man up. Everybody else was respectfully stepping away from Steve. Oh, why did they have to be polite? Tony couldn’t even hate them now.
She waved her hand. ‘Don’t lie. Everybody stares at the boss.’
He knocked on the X-Men Clubhouse.
‘Hey, are you okay?’ he whispered.
“Record keeping is important… I’ll… go look for them now,” Bruce said and ran out of the ship.
“Always, Tony. But you need to believe in yourself too.”
“Bruce and I decided to grab some from the ground. They look pretty, don’t they?”
“I’m an archer. I know how to fight. That’s all you need to know.”
“See? Told you you couldn’t trust carnies.”
The man shook his head and sat on Steve’s sofa. “I can’t tell you.”
How arrogant could Tony be? That plan would only get him killed: he was too slow and he’d be too visible. He wasn’t stupid, so why would he want to be vulnerable?
“Look, we need to explore. We haven’t been met with hostility here and we ought to take advantage of that. We won’t have that chance very often.”
Steve hadn’t moved… but he was opening and closing his hands.
Tony closed the bathroom door before he could hear the rest. His shower was a short one: the faster he and Steve were done sharing close quarters, the better. Steve seemed to agree because when Tony got out of the bathroom, he was already packing his suitcase, with precision and speed and perfectly folded clothes.
He took a sip of his coffee. Better than ration coffee, at least.
When he extended his hand, Howard hesitated but then he took it. “Good luck, Steve. We’ll be waiting for you to come back.”
Monsters.
“I’m starting to see why you came so… highly recommended,” Tony said. “And about that… what do you know of my father?”
He shook his head and sat down.
“I’m not that noble. I just didn’t want to watch you die. You’re not a red shirt.”
“I was born ready.”
“Because I said so,” Pym said. “And that ship, no matter what, is not going to be a Guinea Pig for your pigheaded ideas, are we clear?”
‘If you wanted hugs, you could’ve just asked.’
‘No. Hands off. Wrists crossed, above your head. They stay there no matter what, are we clear?’
"And what do I meanwhile? Stop living?”
“What’s the worst that could happen?” Nat asked.
“He handpicked because he hoped I’d be some… great agent. Future SHIELD leadership. Instead, I got bored. Got out.”
Tony was there. Real. Solid. Warm. Crying? Steve put his arms around him and realized he was crying too.
“I’m not. I came here to grab some notes of mine, that’s all. Bruce and I need to keep monitoring the engines. Rhodey will remain at the helm.”
“I guess I’m not so useless after all," Clint said, biting into another apple.
MODOK. Those were bad news but Steve couldn’t concentrate — Batroc hadn’t closed his legs, so his cock laid limp against his thigh right at Steve’s eye level. Steve looked down and tugged his cock back into his pants so fast he scraped the front. MODOK. AIM. That was the priority.
‘It’s an unfortunate truth of business. If this is about business at all.’
, Steve said one day and the man smiled.
‘… we consider ourselves grandfathered in,’ they both finished in unison. ‘Any
It also said he’d get more information later on. Classified information you wouldn’t want printed, maybe even an explanation of what had happened in 1992.
The dust from the explosion getting into his lungs and into his eyes didn’t stop Steve from digging through the rubble. Tony was on the other side and Steve wouldn’t lose another soldier. Not one so young, so bright, so full of life. It was Steve’s duty to die. He was just an old soldier without a home and Tony was… Tony was…
“The carnival? When is it happening?”
Even if he was still a kid, did he have to sound so… petulant? Steve drew in a deep breath. He had to be the bigger person.
Steve turned around and saw the Skrull kid from the day before. It was breathing heavily and clutching its chest — and there were no adults with it. He knelt in front of the kid.
Rhodes welcomed them with a raised weapon and a scowl. “What’s the password?”
The brief flash of surprise before Tony could school his smile into a winning grin felt like a victory in a game Steve didn’t know they had been playing.
The night was still cold and the wind was still cutting, but for Steve, it was as warm and bright as a spring afternoon. Star… Tony had promised to visit him the next day.
He spent the week before he was supposed to join the crew wandering around New York, sketchbook in hand. He wasn’t able to draw its new profile so instead, he tried to portrait the people. He sketched the way people in suits hurried across the street or old ladies waited for the subway. There were hints of the past — the clothes wouldn’t be quite right or the cars would be a little too bulky — but his sketches breathed with the hidden energy of the city.
“I think we need to train. Prepare ourselves,” Nat said.
Tony stared at it and knew that this was it. He could walk away from whatever this was. Go back to be friends who didn’t fuck. Every now and then, Tony would make a mistake and they’d fight and then they’d be back together again because Tony didn’t know how to stay away from Steve. He could be a reasonable person, for once.
“Yeah, sorry, Tony.”
“Well, I’ll get my First Aid kit ready,” Strange said and leaned on the wall outside the medbay.
He cut across the crowd and it wasn’t until he crashed into Tony Stark — sorry, Byron Ironsides — that he realized that he didn’t know what to do. There was no need to worry, though, because Stark smiled at him and put his hand around on his shoulder.
“Grieving.” Luke repeats, mocking.
He calls Peter instead, sitting on the sofa and giving Jess a glass of water. She drinks it, wiping at her face, shaking with shock.
“She’s my daughter too,” Steve snapped, “And if all of us don’t work to get rid of this ship, she could be in even more danger.”
“He wasn’t right after you died.” Peter continues, quietly now, “On the news – he cried. And once the Skrulls … when it was all over, he asked me where you were. And when I reminded him, he – ” He blinks, visibly coming to a realisation, “He would talk to himself in the cell and wander around like Luke said but – he was – he kept saying dead people’s names.”
When no one says anything, he prompts, “For having a breakdown?” and Peter shifts.
“Take what from here?” He asks and someone zip-ties Tony’s hands together, freezing when Steve steps into their space, “What the hell is this?” He asks again and that same agent blinks at him, unimpressed.
“He’s – have you seen him?” She asks, “Since you’ve been back?”
He feels his way back to the door and kicks it hard, three times, hearing it fall before finally seeing light again. The sounds leave the room but continue on, reverberating around them, and he takes the chains off and lifts Tony into his arms.
thinking he doesn’t want him.
"What I
"It's her birthday soon," He explained, taking the doll and hiding it back in the bag.
“So, you locked him up?” He asks, disbelieving.
or to punish him?”
Oh. Tony opened his mouth to answer but a call from downstairs stopped him.
"You just said she's smart," Tony countered, throwing the book down once again and putting both hands to his head, sighing, "God Steve, if I'm co-parenting with you, you need to listen. She's asking every
Today was Tony's turn to do a run and he used one of his armours to travel back to the tower, which had since been overtaken by a mob that had destroyed nearly all the rooms, stolen all his valuables, and had then left when it hadn't interested them anymore. He picked his way through the wreckage until he found a few bits of tech that he could use and had then scoured for food and clothes in any abandoned stores on the way home.
Tony’s eyes are calm and he seems almost serene as he stares over Steve like some ill-omened angel. Steve clears his throat, leaning back slightly to take him in.
He sighed, "Room not soundproof?" She shook her head, "Yeah, well. That’s past-tense and it was only once."
“Okay.” Steve puts his hands up, stepping back, “I’m only trying to help.”
“Stop it Tony.”
"You take on too much Tony," She said, "I could literally smell the stress on you today, I knew you needed an outlet."
“Are you real?” Tony asks and Steve shifts to put his legs on the ground, forcing Tony to rock back onto his heels and then eventually stand and sit on the sofa too.
"Except Clint was one of those heroes." Natasha countered, "He knows the fight. He's fought the fight. What the hell gives him the right to think we
Steve looks at him, “Yes it was.” He says and Tony finally opens his eyes again. He winces at the lights and turns away to see Peter standing there. Steve slowly lets him down but Tony doesn’t even register that he’d been carried in the first place.
despite his wanting it to be that way, hits like an insult out of this man’s mouth, “We’ll take it from here.”
“What the hell is – ?” He starts before seeing Tony and stopping.
“Try what?” Steve asks, a million things on his tongue but he holds them back, if only because she looks so fragile right now.
“I don’t need your help.” Tony says and that is so far from the truth that Steve almost yells at him for it, “I need – I need my socks.”
"Daddy," Anna squeezed her arms around him, shaking, and he backed up toward the window. The creature rose to its hind-legs, hissing behind its teeth, and then suddenly it was headless and its body fell backward. A shield bounced over the walls and Steve kicked the head away before their daughter could see, hauling the creature away and tossing it down the stairs. He was gone for a moment and then returned with an all-clear signal.
He wonders if Tony had made them that way, to withstand fire. He wonders why he didn’t do the same with everything else, but then, it had been his mother’s mansion. Maybe he hadn’t wanted to change more than he already had.
“Sure – ”
“We all go through the same shit. None of us reacted like he did.”
“We called you back tonnes of times.”
“Osborn’s idea of a deterrent.” Steve says, “If Tony tries to leave, these sounds play for him. And god knows how long it goes on for.” Tony whimpers in his arms and he pushes past Sam to leave.
“He was grieving.” Steve tells him because what else could it be? To have been through so much, lose so many, and then be thrown into the dark without a friend in sight? Tony was already somewhat fragile anyway and this is likely what made him lose his sanity.
“Tony needs help,” She says, “And he’s not getting it. I came here to try you but,
“Alright I’ll bite,” He says, “What’s he done to himself now?”
“Everyone. They’re upstairs.” He says, “Luke asked Jess to marry him. We’re celebrating.”
“Did you want to be alone?” He asks and Steve doesn’t answer but he understands anyway and walks around him. There’s something white on the ground and neither of them spot it until too late and Sam steps on it and loses his balance, falling backward and stumbling toward the wide windows where Tony’s bed had once been.
He turned to go wake her but as though she’d been summoned by his thoughts, she padded into the room with only one sock on.
He hunched over and now that he was alone, he allowed himself to sob just a little, when a hand on his shoulder almost made him lurch off of the sofa in surprise. He recovered and Natasha rounded the sofa to face him.
“I’m sure.” He says, “He seems to be doing great.”
“Janet’s dead Tony.” Steve says.
“There are rotas.” Steve says, “I saw them, saw your name.”
Trust couldn’t be earned that quickly.
“Hi Pete.” He whispers and Peter looks him over. The hoody he’d been in before has been taken away and now that he can see him, Steve notices that the gown is still on. It’s pinned and similar to a hospital gown, and he wonders whether Tony’s actually been to medical or if this is simply the easiest thing to put him in.
“I need you to call Luke.” She blinks but after a second, does as told, “And tell him to go to Beast for a scan.”
She opens the door, looking back at him the once, “Isn’t it?” She asks, closing the door and leaving when he doesn’t answer. He wants to go after her but his pride and anger keeps him back and instead, he simply locks the door and sits back down.
this happen?" She forced herself to her feet, slamming a fist into the wall and leaving white chalk over her knuckles.
Tony pulled away, "What? Where? Why? I did the supply run today."
But that had been their only victory.
Steve looks at him, frowning, and suddenly he’s struck with a dull thought, “What’s the Hole?” He asks and he’s met with confused stares, “Tony said to me he didn’t want to go back.” He explains, “To the Hole.”
“He keeps going to the mansion,” Jess says, “And that place is on it’s deathbed. I tried to get him out but – he doesn’t listen to me.”
“Tony wasn’t crazy.” He says, “He was seeing things, yeah, but they were all true. Osborn must have known it and had wanted to use it.”
Belatedly, he remembers Tony crying in his lab,
“So, when was he a mess, I’m confused,” Steve looks at the rest of them again, “If he was locked away by Osborn, why was Dani’s safety, or anyone’s safety an issue? Why was he left in there?”
“What hole, Tony?” He asks, forcing his memories back, “There’s no hole, we’re just going to my flat.”
, Tony, we need to leave. Now.” He puts his hands around his waist, “I’m going to throw you up and then
Peter reacts anyway but uses the clean sheet that Steve hands him to wrap Tony up, carrying him gently to his car. Steve and Jess follow, planning to put Tony in the Tower’s medical on ice, until they decide what the hell to do.
“For the – the funeral.”
“I left the tower Thursday,” He says, “I thought, in the mansion. Wasn’t I there for days?”
“Nevertheless.” The agent says, “This is an order that was voted on by the Avengers.” Steve stops, “And as you and Mr Stark are no longer members, you will have to take it up via protocol.” He pulls his arm free from Steve’s slackening grip, “Now if you’ll excuse us.”
“It’s an omen.” She says, “It means – someone you love, who’s dead, is watching over you.”
‘Hey, thank you. For…’
“I’m fine.”
That night, he slept like a log for the first time since he had… arrived in the future. No memorable dreams, no waking up in the middle of the night and no tossing around in bed. He woke up refreshed and hungry, so for his last breakfast in New York, he bought a bagel and some coffee. Then, he waited for his ride to arrive. It turned out to be a black car with a new, different silent driver.
Not Tony’s finest moment but also not the first time he had let his dick do the thinking and had ruined something he cared about in the process. It was just like him, ruining things with Steve
“Clint, follow him,” Steve said.
“We’ll have… dinner soon, Tony.”
Tony was laughing with his head thrown back, exposing his throat and his bobbing Adam’s apple. Then he leaned in and whispered something in her ear, something that was enough to make the woman blush. Steve imagined how the caress of his voice felt: warm, teasing, seductive.
“I punched a straggler and stole his. Easy to make explode. Need better safety measures.”
“Please tell me you’re not going to play,” said a voice behind them. They turned around and saw Laura and Clint. She had bright flowers on her hair and her bag was bursting with small prizes. Clint, meanwhile, was eating something-membranous-and-multilegged-that-Steve-would-rather-not-try-on-a-stick.
and yes, it was about to shake. He jumped on to the next one but he didn’t stop there: he leaped on to the next two ones. He stopped then and caught his breath. The next platform was too high up for a non-suspicious jump so he jumped up and grabbed the edge with his hands. Like the monkey had tried to do, he hoisted himself onto the platform. He knew that he didn’t have time before the whole thing shook, so he leaped once, twice, thrice, and landed on the last platform quickly. He grabbed the prize — a plushie of some odd creature —
“There was no time. You were about to make a heroic sacrifice and I wasn’t having it.”
The man raised up his hands. “Sorry. Won’t happen again, boss.”
“Yeah, and he had time in the hospital to think about it,” Tony said. “Damn, I forgot Snipey.” A second later, the plushie hit him in the face. “Uh, thank you, Th’llarr”.
She shrugged, so he poured her a cup. Steve didn’t mind the silence, but there was one question that he wanted to ask. “Why did you join?”
Steve, meanwhile, sat on an empty crate by himself. He had his sketchbook with him because it was a way to keep his mind entertained and away from the sinking feeling in his stomach. First, he tried to capture the way the sun bounced off the plane’s shiny exterior, but when he was done, all he could do was stare at the blank page. He had no idea what to draw.
Steve opened his mouth but no sounds came out of it.
It has one asset that could be useful. It flies across the sky until it reaches New Jersey and, more specifically, a small abandoned warehouse. As it enters the place, each step echoes thunderously across the empty space. It is a pleasant experience to have a body, to impact the world around it in this way. To pick up information through its sensors. Later, it will experiment with its new body more thoroughly. Now, there are more pressing matters.
“No, but I’m not an idiot.”
Well, Marville was a very silly place.
“I won’t! I’ll wait until you stop being stupid!”
It wasn’t too long before they reached the big door at the end of the docks. The guards were busy munching on some sort of fried creature, but they waved at them. Steve waved back and then turned around with his arms crossed. The crew stood in formation or a passable approximation of it.
Everybody stared. This was the happiest Strange had been. Or the drunkest, Steve wasn’t so sure.
Tony gasped and mouthed
Dread mounted in his chest. What if she didn't? What if she was gone already? What if he was late?
“Her battles? What is she doing?”
After his training, he always had a big healthy breakfast that followed all the government guidelines about childhood nutrition. He did it so quickly and efficiently that not one crumb was left on the table. It was time to leave, then. He grabbed his backpack, said goodbye to his parents, and stepped outside.
He assumed that everybody important would hear about his decision from Fury. It would have been easier to take himself out of the picture for a while, to vanish without a trace, but he also wanted to say goodbye face to face. He wasn’t sure if he was going to see them again, at least like this — if he was going to time travel during his space trip, it would explain why the other man hadn’t seemed to know what he was supposed to be doing on Earth. Maybe he was meant to leave it behind and come back earlier instead of later, to go home the long way round.
‘You won’t?’
Not Steve’s proudest moment. He had been too hungry — normal rations weren’t enough for his Super Solder metabolism, but he couldn’t risk asking for more and blow his cover — and hunger always made him clumsy.
“Like you haven’t managed to…” Strange began, but Nat elbowed him. “All I’m saying is that there’s a risk you’ll come across unknown pathogens, whether through sexual contact or not.”
Clint nodded and went after him while Rhodey went to the armory. They were all thinking the same — Skrulls. Two minutes later — Steve had counted the seconds —, he burst back into the room. “I lost him.”
“Are you one of the humans?” the kid asked.
“I won’t. And I know I can be stubborn sometimes.”
“Rhodey, forever the optimist,” Tony said entering the kitchen. He was the last to arrive, like every morning. He tried to reach his favorite cookies, on the last shelf and his pajama shirt rode up, showing off his abs and a thin line of hair going down. Steve looked away.
‘Hey, here, taste,’ Steve said and brought the spoon to Tony’s mouth. Tony’s tongue licked the edge of the spoon and Clint blushed.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have attacked you.”
‘Are you okay?’ Steve asked and began turning his head to look at him.
‘Calm down,’ Tony said, rubbing circles on Steve’s skin with his thumb. This was the moment where he had to make a smart, responsible decision, but there was no space for that: his mind was filled with the sound of Steve’s raggedy breath and the heat of Steve’s skin.
Natasha and Bruce kept chatting about stuff Steve had never heard about — bands, movies, an entire past Steve was locked out of — so he decided to go back to the one history book he had brought with him before his lack of knowledge became obvious. He had fallen into an uneasy sleep filled with portents — explosions, bullets, and then the cold, always the cold — when a yelp from the kitchen woke him up. He jumped off the bed, half-convinced HYDRA had attacked the facility. No. HYDRA was gone, destroyed and rooted out from the world. All Steve was doing was boxing with shadows. When he got to the kitchen, Bruce was rubbing the back of his head and frowning.
“Oh, Stevens. I’m… do you need anything?”
It thought that much would be obvious. But it seems humans sometimes need clarification on the most obvious points.
“How can you tell?”
The prisoner laughs but then begins coughing. He must need water. It makes a mental note of it.
‘Answer my questions and then I’ll answer yours.’
“Don’t worry. I’ll catch up.”
Steve couldn’t speak — he just licked his lips. Tony put his hand around his dick and smiled with all the smugness of a guy who just discovered Captain America wanted him. ‘Watching you. I loved that. How pliant you were. You were so good: letting them do whatever they wanted, letting them fuck you and come all over you and now you’re… damn, look at you. You’re a mess.’
“We’re not finished here,” Tony muttered to Steve before following the rest of the crew toward the rooms.
‘Oh, come on, you know you only have five hours before the Games end! We gotta wrap this up.’
So he’d have to keep worrying then. “Please tell me you at least told them what you were planning.”
Tony cut him off. “He’s right, we’re gonna need a doctor. Imagine if we got space flu.”
It was weird, that kind of intimacy. He didn’t know where Natasha came from or what Rhodes’ parents did for a living, but he knew about their favorite foods and that Rhodes always forgot to lock the doors. They didn’t know his real name, but they knew how he drank his coffee and that he took too long in the shower. His secrets would have to remain a secret, but what about theirs? Did they have the same kind of regrets he did? Were they also leaving behind empty apartments and answering machines full of unheard messages? Would he learn more about them? The other man’s jaw had tightened when he spoke the names of the crew — Steve was sure the other man knew them. But why the tension? Were all of them going to die? Or had the other man left them behind?
“That’s bullshit.”
Many days after he arrived at the island — so many he had lost count —, the man showed up the first time. There was no fear, just a warm feeling inside his chest. He tried to grasp the man’s wrist but there was nothing there.
Bucky wasn’t looking at him, but he seemed weary in that moment. Sadder than Steve thought he’d be.
“Maybe you can take up a hobby. I saw a book on magic in the library. Why don’t you try it? You have the facial hair of a children’s magician anyway.”
Hunt. Find shelter. Hide from the monsters that came out at night. Build a fire when it was safe. Sleep. Wake up. Wash. Eat. Hunt. Shelter. Hide. Fire. Shelter. Food. Dream of a pair of blue eyes that weren’t his.
‘Mon capitain, your frown is much less impressive when your face is covered in my come,’ Batroc said and threw his head back, laughing.
“Right,” Bucky said with a slight nod. “Life insurance or something like that, I guess. But still… Steve, don’t… don’t do anything stupid.”
Time slowed down and pain stabbed his side. No time for pain, not until this was over. When he peeked above the stall, he saw the soldiers were reorganizing and preparing to shoot. His hands ran along the bottom of the weapon until he found a trigger or something close to it. He rested his finger on it and took one, two, three deep breaths.
Steve opened his mouth, but Tony shook his head. “Rhodey can handle it, don’t worry.”
“… yeah. Pretty real.”
'I can't say the same.'
It tries to fire. There is a sharp sensation instead. Like electrocution.
‘Come here, Steve.’
“Beds could be better,” Natasha said.
The creature tittered. “You’re strange, Not-a-Kree. But you’ve got yourself a deal.”
“It’s a reconnaissance mission. It makes sense to keep a small crew,” Steve said. “Wouldn’t say no to another crew member, though.”
“Nat… is she okay?”
“Hey, it’s fine. I would have done the same thing if...”
About their lives together. Steve’s chest was filled with questions — had they had children? Were they happy? What else had happened in the world? He could learn everything there was to know about… about his life and then he could wait for it to happen. He imagined that and shuddered. “No, I don’t want to ruin the surprise,” he said.
“No!” Steve said. That was not… Tony just made him lose his patience. That was all. “That’s… I hear Kree voices. About a dozen, 200 yards or so ahead.”
He shrugged — if they wanted to be irresponsible, they were welcome to do so — and turned to look at the stars. He didn’t recognize any of them so he amused himself by imagining patterns and naming nebulae, harnessing the chaos of an unfamiliar sky and turning it into nostalgic yearning. He was busy creating the Shield Constellation when Tony announced the ship was stable enough for them to leave their seats. Good. His body was itching for action. He untied the seatbelt and jumped out of the seat. Freedom was great. Without moving from the seat, he put his arms overhead and stretched his entire back, enjoying the way his muscles unlocked. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He was in space. They had survived the beginning of their journey, and now came the hard part.
that cool.
“Tony, I think that’s bullshit.”
All he had to do was say
“Weird. So did I and I never heard of a Grant Stevens. Or of your team.”
“Sorry,” he said, raising his hands. “Nat and I had some last night.”
As Steve relaxed his jaw and let Batroc push into his mouth, breathing got harder and harder. But he kept rubbing the underside of Batroc’s cock with his tongue anyway. Spit dribbled down his chin and all he could taste was come.
They all sat a little bit straighter and looked almost professional. Not for the first time, Steve wondered what he had gotten into.
“Steve Rogers. Thought you knew that already.”
After a few days lost in a haze of training, packing and late dinners, Steve was hit with the reality that it was finally
“Are we sure they won’t kill us?” Steve asked.
“What about the rest of the crew? Are they safe?”
Fine. If the man wasn't going to say it, he would. "You're me. But how?"
“Fine, sure, let’s do this.”
‘Happy New Year, Tony.’
The engines began to rumble. Natasha gave Steve a thumbs up.
“Too bad the only competent person you found is about as polite as you, Tony,” Pym said.
The infirmary wasn’t pristine, for the very first time in their journey. It reeked of alcohol and blood. there were used bandages in the trash can, and Nat’s bloodied jacket was laying on the infirmary’s bed.
But instead, he covered Steve’s hand with his and closed Steve’s fist.
“I’m… glad I’ve been picked. I want to thank you for…”
“It’s no time for jokes. Who are you?”
Refugees. That’d explain the way Skrulls would scan the crowds, waiting for a familiar face. Some were rewarded with a tight embrace and tears. Others were left empty-handed and would move to the next ship, hoping this time it’d hold the face they were looking for.
Steve bit the inside of his cheek and looked away from the scene. Laura, however, was done being polite: she began shaking with laughter and that was it. Laughter caught across the group like wildfire in a dry summer.
‘I’m comfier here,’ Tony said, opening up one eye and hugging Steve.
“No! I’m not leaving him behind!”
“That’s an order, soldier.”
“You better. It was expensive.”.
Standing behind Steve, Tony began drying Steve’s hair. His hands were stiff and his movements robotic, but Steve didn’t complain. Instead, he sagged against Tony and hummed some old-fashioned song. It had been ages since Steve had been that vulnerable around him. Maybe never. Maybe back when Steve was just out of the ice and he had no energy left to pretend he wasn’t sad. Maybe back before all their mistakes. They were different people then. Steve’s anger was buried deeper and Tony wasn’t the tired old man staring back at him from the window’s reflection.
“How do you even know where the engines are?”
“You’re not Iron Man,” Captain America growls when he is near.  He tears off the armor’s faceplate. Underneath, it knows it is empty. He should have expected it, but Captain America gasps nevertheless.
He didn't wait before talking. No need for pleasantries.
“Done with the flirting?” Tony said but didn’t wait for an answer — he never did. “Strange will remain here too. Just in case we run into trouble and somebody has to patch us up.”
He sat on his chair and refused to look at the rec room. He listened to the sound of cookware and the re-hydration machine. Clint was on cooking duty, like most nights. After some time, he smelled rice and chicken. A splurge, especially considering the aroma of paprika. They didn’t have enough spices so most nights, food was bland and uninspired unless they needed cheering up. He stood up and walked to the rec room.
‘I… I can handle it. Thank you.’
“What you’re staring at? The ring toss?”
‘Oh. Your hair is wet,’ he said. ‘You’re all wet.’
“Are you going to sleep now? Or are you going to stay up? Because I need… I mean…”
It has a hypothesis — Tony Stark’s thought patterns warp around Steve Rogers. It is an illogical hypothesis. It would be mean emotions can be carved into code. Accepting the answer requires a leap of faith.
“But it’s not your job to sass me.”
“Tony!” Steve yelled.
Without thinking, he grabbed one of the soldiers and threw him against the others. The soldier’s weapon fell to the floor. This was a chance he couldn’t miss so he lunged for it and grabbed it. Tucking the weapon against his chest, he rolled behind an overturned stall.
He had spread Steve’s cheeks after that and began… well…
“You could. SHIELD’s pay probably sucks anyway.”
Very clear.
Tony stood up and left the office. The door locked behind him. That was bad policy, Steve thought. Tony was too trusting and too naive. What if Steve stole the files or took pictures of them? They had to talk about it if Steve was going to work security for the mission.
“Maybe we need to leave him behind,” Natasha replied.
The small place was full of training gear, but the tests were nothing new for Steve — reflexes, strength, stamina. He aced them all, as he knew he would.
“You’re late, Sarge. Getting cold feet?”
He rubbed his thumb on Steve’s wrist and
“But I won’t,” Strange added bluntly. “I need my privacy.”
Tony, not bothered by Clint’s token protests, leaned his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s arm went around his waist automatically. It was, after all, routine.
When he started doing what Tony had said, Batroc put his hand on Steve’s head.
Steve slowed down, not sure.
So the explosion had been Tony’s work. He couldn’t help it — unearned pride filled his chest. He had known Tony was smart but to do so well under pressure… Even in the middle of battle, Steve found reasons to marvel at Tony’s genius. And even in the middle of disaster, Tony found ways of surprising him.
“You don't fool me. I know this is a disguise," he said, the chair still hoisted over his head.
Steve’s footsteps echoed in the stillness of the ship. Inside their room, Tony was still wrapped inside his blankets snoring. Nobody else was awake yet. Even Nat was asleep, curled up on the sofa. With her red curls falling over her face and her peaceful expression, she looked way too young to be a soldier. Steve grabbed a throw blanket and threw it over her — he’d scold her later.
‘So happy we think the risk to the team is worth your happiness. Because we respect and love you that much.’
“That’s true about the bed and the food, but I can’t ask for any better teammates,” Steve said and was surprised when he realized he meant it.
“Hm. And… no weird experiments or anything?”
But before he had to face Tony, there was another step. For the medical tests, Hill gave him an address in New York and a name — ‘Stephen Strange’. Well, that sounded normal and not ominous at all, but despite his odd name, Strange turned out to be a recent graduate from medical school with the bedside manner of an ogre, working out of a small office. He was probably the cheapest competent doctor they had found.
“I can help.”
‘What? You said… the investors…’
“Tony wouldn’t like being called cute.”
“You can keep your room however you see fit, but whatever is growing in your lab doesn’t look sanitary.”
“Actually, I have extra supplies,” Laura said, with a grimace.
When they got to the dance floor, Steve threw his arms around Stark’s neck. They had to be convincing. If Steve was going to do this, he was going to go the whole nine yards. They danced to the music — Steve could barely hear it over the sound of Stark’s voice — and pretended to chat. Steve remembered to laugh once or twice even if he couldn’t quite breathe. Stark’s hands slid down the sides of his body and settled on his waist. It wouldn’t be so bad if they went a few inches down… He was so busy pretending to be cool, pretending he didn’t want to run away screaming and then come back and kiss Stark, that he didn’t notice they were so close to the wall until Stark pushed him against it.
“Do you always start with the personal questions?”
Then the phone had rung again and Steve had excused himself. He was relieved it had been a short conversation. That would give him a little time before he had to face the next conversation, a little time to gather himself and pretend he was calm. But of course, that was more than he was going to get because Peggy was waiting for him outside Howard’s office. It was to be expected — she had always kept him on his toes. The sun was bright outside and standing in sunshine, Peggy was as beautiful as a spring morning and as wistful as an autumn sunset.
“Which pressure? You did a great job at SHIELD, according to your file.”
“It’s not a date.”
“We’ll divide ourselves into four groups. Goal is to find intel on Captain Marvel’s current whereabouts. Rhodes, you’re with Strange. Nat, you’re with Bruce.”
“Probably useless. So yeah, you can keep it and I clean our room anyway so you know... Hold my jacket,” Steve said, as he took it off.
Batroc rubbed his chin, with all the stereotypical theatricals he enjoyed so much. ‘You.’
“This ‘boulder’ will move when it wants to.”
Steve jogged to the group, just in time. They turned right and walked into the market, expecting bustle and stalls and yelling, but everything was silence and trampled flowers on the ground. The vendors were packing up their stalls and squirming through alleys. Carnies were climbing up the walls towards the rooftops. Adults were grabbing children and going down to the sewers.
It took them a few days to call him back to their office after the tests. Steve spent those days drawing spaceships and imagining how aliens might look — would they be humanoid? Or have a lot of tentacles? Or both? In his mind, they had the garish colors of the magazines of his childhood. Back then, Bucky and he would save whatever money they could scrounge up and spend it on pulp magazines. Steve had liked them, but Bucky… Bucky had loved them with all his heart and dreamed of the wild adventures trapped in those pages. With a smile, he drew Bucky, as he had been back then — handsome, strong, young —, meeting with some aliens outside a spaceship. Maybe he could send it to Bucky. Would he get it or had he forgotten all about their childhood dreams?
“That was quick. I hope you read it and didn’t skim it.”
The door swung open, a wave of relief went across the room and all eyes turned on Tony. There was no self-consciousness in him, just the nonchalant air of the kind of people who wore sunglasses at night. Steve had never been that comfortable in his own skin. Tony sat on a kitchen counter, looking as regal as the Queen of England even if his feet didn’t touch the ground. He grinned and waved at everybody. Pepper slid next to him and offered him a piece of paper, but he took her coffee instead.
Steve couldn’t agree more. They sat down around the table while Clint took over cooking duties, if re-hydrating some lunches counted as ‘cooking’. But at least they looked tastier than C-rations. Technology had come a long way.
Now, if only Steve would say that Stark men are made of iron…
‘I… I want you to watch,’ he said, taking his cock out of his pants.
Tony’s line faltered, but Steve didn’t stop because Tony had said no stopping and because he was floating on the ache in his nipples and the soreness on his knees and the warmth of his hand surrounding his balls.
“What? You think you’re going to lose?”
“You’re cheating.”
Tony waved his hand again. “We won’t, not when we have the whole universe to explore.”
“Roger that.”
Clint bolted upright. ‘Okay. I’m leaving. This is too much for a Wednesday morning.’
“Ta-dah!” Clint said, opening the crate he had brought and taking out what looked like a…
They didn’t slow down their pace as they talked, but Tony’s voice ragged with effort. It wasn’t a surprise.
"It's all thanks to you. You rescued me twice."
“It’s my job.”
it’s for real. After what happened with… let’s just say we have proof there's a much bigger world out there than we thought. Stark wants to be the first man up there.”
She nodded and pointed to a pipe that led up to a rooftop. She went first, climbing it with all the surefooted nimbleness of a stray cat. Steve followed and he knew he wasn’t as graceful, but he was still fast.
After dinner — they had instant ramen, which was the only thing Steve had learned to cook in the future and Natasha didn’t seem to know much about cooking either —, Steve found his room locked. Damn it. He wanted to sleep and he needed the privacy of his own dreams. He knocked, louder than was necessary, but nobody answered from inside. Fuck it. If his roommate didn’t care… he had to get inside his room somehow. He shrugged and twisted the doorknob until there was a click that told him the lock had given out. It was okay. He deserved the rest and he’d explain it the next morning if Pepper or Tony asked — they’d understand. The door swung open and Steve peered inside. There was a curly mop peaking under the sheets of the bottom bed.
Tony offered him his arm. Glancing one last time at the beautiful brunette, now searching the ballroom fruitlessly for Tony, Steve took it.
“Hm. Thanks,” Steve said, but Bruce had already fallen asleep again.
“Sure, sure,” she said, leading him out of the ship by the hand.
Tony grabbed a still wriggling worm and tried to eat it, but Strange stopped him.
“Yep.”
“Is this the crew? Seems a little scant.”
“Yet,” Natasha said.
Her eyes crinkled when she laughed. She looked younger when she did — or rather, she looked like her actual age. “Like crewmen in a spaceship.”
“Why? What?”
And wasn’t that swell. Just a kid from Brooklyn, exploring an unending universe filled with dreadful wonders.
‘It is a sad day, then. Hulk. I shall miss our battles.’
Fury moved his folding chair out of the field. He had produced a bagel out of one of his pockets and was slowly munching on it.
“You’re banned from cooking duty, by the way, and Bruce, you’re on bathroom cleaning duty until further notice,” Laura said without missing a beat. “Clint cheats at cards and thinks nobody else can tell.”
“No, I’m not, Tony! But you cannot know if it’s true. We fucked up and telling embarrassing stuff won’t fix that.”
“Somebody has to be,” he said.
The announcement shook the morning sleepiness off everybody. Strange raised an eyebrow and Nat tilted her head, with a small smile.
There was history here, and not the fun kind. Or maybe the kind of history that starts just fine and then sours. Stone took Tony’s untouched glass of whiskey.
The only people inside the hangar were Tony, Pepper, and Hogan. Tony was grinning, but he sniffled when Hogan patted his back and held back his tears when Pepper hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
“What? No. Do I look green to you?”
“We also need to talk chores.”
He turned to Tony. “So we…”
“Isn’t this your stall?” Tony asked.
“It’s cozy,” Tony said. “But you’re right. Rhodey! Food’s ready!”
“Do you know how to go to the lifeboats?”
‘Ah, I can help with that, mon capitain.’
“Okay, good, then call me Tony.” Tony flashed the bright and fake smile of a matinee idol. “We’re going to get really familiar with each other during the next few months…”
He smiled, embarrassed. She still believed in him so much, after such a long time. It was… he didn’t know how to feel, because he didn’t believe in himself anymore.
“It wasn’t… all the things you said were embarrassing too and that wasn’t a proper plan for dealing with Skrulls. We should’ve prepared.”
Stark’s fingers quickly found the files… Perhaps it would have been better to just let him search for them… Steve moved around a bit until the files were inside Stark’s jacket.
“Oh, come on, bar brawl? In an alien bar? What are you waiting for?” Tony said and ran towards trouble like he always did.
“Yes. They’ll work, they’ll withstand the six months.”
“With your credentials, you could’ve applied to NASA, then. Not this risky operation.”
“You’re still hungover, Tones!”
“I prioritized other expenses, Mr. Pym.”
Steve wished that would be true, but no plan ever survived contact with the enemy.
“… damn it, you’re too efficient. How did we have enough money to hire you? But did you check…?”
Steve ignored him. He ignored Nat and Clint loudly betting on Tony, while they sat on two crates near Laura’s desk and ignored Rhodes loudly betting on Steve in turn. He focused on Tony — his fighting stance, his smirk, his amused dark eyes. “You ready, Stark?”
“Are you…?”
"No," he said. "I don't remember"
“Can I see her?”
He handled the dishes — they should assign the chores before it got messy — in record time and then went to his room through the empty hallway. It hadn’t grown any larger and there wasn’t much to do, not yet. He glanced at the alarm clock — time to sleep, although his body was taut with tension. How could he not be like that, bouncing on his feet, when he was in space?
“I haven’t had the honor, no. Do you know her?”
. Steve followed its trajectory until he saw... A very tiny redhead with a very satisfied smile. Damn it.
“Never felt more comfortable in my life,” Tony said and proved his point by remaining where he was.
Tony Stark was outside of the hangar, leaning against an expensive red car and wearing sunglasses and a perfectly tailored suit, a striking image of indolent wealth. Steve wondered if he was supposed to be impressed instead of annoyed by it. Tony wasn’t alone, but Steve hadn’t seen the two people flanking him before. One of them was a big guy wearing sunglasses with half the easy charm of Tony. A bodyguard, by the looks of it. The other one was a redhead holding a stack of paperwork and a lot of stress. A secretary, then, meant to herd her boss. Steve didn’t envy her job, not with a boss like Tony.
“Stevens… can you stop? You’re making it worse,” Natasha said.
The man was a dream and then he recognized the blue eyes he had dreamed about for so long.
“No. And that’s final.”
“So? I need a lot of space. For my genius and all that.” Tony walked to the desk. “Art supplies? You’re an artist?”
“Know her? I hardly whatever.”
“Something like that.” Fury sounded weird. "It's complicated."
‘Very different from last year, I guess,’ Tony muttered.
“Hey, what is wrong with you?”
The last night found them aching, tired and with more information about engines they had ever thought possible, but the pizzas Pepper had brought in were delicious and the beer Rhodes had brought with him was cold. There was laughter and there were jokes and running with somebody until you wanted to puke always created a bond, so they were headed in the right direction.
Tony blinked for the fourth time. ‘Uh. Please tell me you didn’t kiss me.’
Across the room, Steve stretched out his hand towards Tony. He knew what was supposed to happen now: he’d throw the towel, Steve would dry his hair and then go to sleep. The next morning, they’d wake up and go punch some villains. After that, Tony would go back to a blur of galas, board meetings, and battles and Steve would go back to his own life. Their night in Madripoor would be forgotten, consigned to the heap of memories Steve and Tony never talked about.
The man laughed. He had to be a HYDRA agent or else it… it wouldn't make much sense. At all. The man wasn’t wearing Captain America’s uniform — instead, he was wearing a dark blue one with a simple white star in the chest.
The monotony was broken by the echoes of Kree voices in the distance. They were getting closer and closer and Nat was so far away she was almost out of sight.
“We’re almost there,” Tony said when Steve’s footsteps broke the silence. “We’ve almost reached our destination.”
“I can’t wait,” she said.
“So what about a little sparring, then? I’m tired of bags that don’t hit back.”
Steve followed.
“So… where is my office?” Laura said. “You promised me an office.”
Cap crossed his arms at the same time Tony did. They both would have looked a lot more authoritative if it wasn’t for the hickeys.
Outside, it was still raining and Steve was dripping onto the carpet.
By the third time he had run around the hangar, Steve had almost stopped thinking about Tony and was already thirsty, so he stopped. Normal people would be tired by then, so he made a show of panting and whining when he entered the kitchen. The only people there were Laura and Clint, but clothes covered every available surface in the kitchen. There were some spare uniforms on the gray counters, faded T-shirts on the chairs, flannel shirts on the table and several pairs of jeans hanging from the fridge.
He let Tony go.
At first, the colorful clothes appear to be the wrong tactical choice. But there might be advantages to it: it distracts the enemy on the battlefield. and the suits are memorable. Iconic. The public looks at them with awe and instant recognition. The instant recognition has been useful so far. The Iron Man armor is respected and its intentions are not questioned. Infiltration, therefore, has required only negligible effort.
‘I came here to apologize for calling you a poopyhead.’
The other man stared straight at the wall. "HYDRA had captured him. It took me years to track them down and rescue him like he deserved,” he said, with the rehearsed cadence of somebody who had told the story many times. “I wanted to bring him back to us. To let him have the life he should have had."
‘Oui, on my honoir.’
‘I wanted
“Of course we have star charts. Rhodey here, he’s our pilot, you’re gonna love him except he gets kind of annoying when you’re drunk and even more annoying when he’s the drunk one, has been studying some charts we acquired before. We don’t know how accurate or up-to-date they are.”
“I wish some of you would get into an accident. Can’t you get into a fight? Drop a box on your feet?” Strange said during one of their dinners.
“If I had known… you kinda fill out the entire room. It’s disturbing. Fascinating. Both?”
‘So… tomorrow at the weapons expo. What’s the next step?’
He… he had to admit it was true. He didn’t know why, but Tony had a way of making him lose his composure. Maybe it was his confidence or maybe it was how sensitive he could be under all the bluster, but Steve was constantly hurting him. He made Steve lose control — he wanted to… he didn’t know what he wanted to do, but it involved his hands and Tony’s throat and… things he didn’t want to think about.
His second stop was Bucky’s apartment. He had avoided visiting Bucky’s place before, expecting a warm home and maybe a girlfriend or a wife or children now grown, but it was as impersonal as Steve’s was. There were only a few books and there weren’t any pictures, not like there were at Howard’s house. There was a lone TV — Steve hadn’t bothered getting one for his apartment because he still found the concept weird — and the kind of sad sofa you picked up from the curb. It wasn’t a place where you lived, it was a place where you crashed when you were too tired to keep going.
Steve took a deep breath.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Bruce said. “We don’t know much about him.”
Yes, there was a whole world waiting, but there was also a clock ticking down to when he’d have to go back to Peggy. He wished he knew when that was going to be but at the same time, he resented the certainty. He hated knowing that he had already made all his choices and knew what the outcome was. He had an assured happy ending but all he could focus on was that somebody else had written the script. Steve walked him to the door and didn’t bother to say goodbye.
Sensors are unresponsive. So is the armor. It tries to escape. It cannot. It is pinned into place.
“Thank you for your help.”
Steve flinched. Sometimes he wondered if Nat knew more than she was letting on, but he couldn’t dwell on it. He was paranoid enough already. “Okay, check-in every fifteen minutes through comms, we’ll meet here in two hours. Understood?”
“It’s fun and you all love them. My turn. Bruce clogs the shower drain with his ridiculous amount of hair and never takes care of it.”
“Who’s the optimist now?” Rhodes said.
Tony blinked one. Then he blinked twice. Then he blinked thrice.
No, they hadn’t because these are children and children at most hold hands.
Steve nodded. “I wouldn’t want to bother Tony and I think he’s a night owl, so it’s better if I avoid the early shift. So… that’s settled.”
Steve scrambled to the bed, tripping over the chair and falling on top of Tony. Tony laughed. It had been a while since he had laughed that much during sex. ‘Somebody’s eager.’
It was almost as much of a cliché as
Probably not.
He knew he had failed to keep the annoyance out of his voice, but he didn’t feel guilty about it. Tony was pushing his buttons, for no good reason. He was just doing his job. It wasn’t his fault that the crew could be so childish, including the alleged captain. Right. Tony was the boss. He promised himself he’d learn not to be baited by Tony. They’d have to live together for six months. They had to get along, for everybody’s sakes.
“I really wanted the bottom bed.”
“He’s not,” a woman said, pushing the man away from the door. She had long dark hair that spilled over an army jacket that made her look even younger than she was. Pepper was with her. “Hi, Stevens, right? I’m Laura Barton.”
“Sure. What dirt do you have on him?”
“Wow. I’m impressed. They’re all rigged.”
Hulk pouted. ‘Nobody lets the Hulk have any fun.’
The dinner went down without anything more than Steve and Tony holding hands under the table (’my hands feel so cold’, Tony had said, and Steve of course had offered to keep them warm because this was something friends did) and laughing at inside jokes. But the dessert was…
“Oh, you won’t get rid of me this easily.”
“Hi, Bucky,” he had said and Bucky had invited him in. Steve had sunk into the sofa. He had the drawing of Bucky in space in one of his pockets, as a peace offering or an apology for leaving Bucky behind again. He hadn’t been brave enough to bring it up.
. Steve sprinted towards him and slid next to him.
“So I lose either way?”
Interesting. How many more secrets was Steve hiding from him? Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist and tried to pry open his hand, but he wasn’t strong enough.
Nobody could argue with that, but Tony tried. “We don’t need a doctor, we have robots, and anyway, there isn’t enough food.”
Pepper opened her mouth but said nothing. Her face was as red as her hair and her eyes kept darting between people, searching for an ally who could stop whatever was happening outside the door. But she wouldn’t find one. Natasha and Clint were looking at each other over the table and biting their lips, trying hard not to laugh. Laura was putting sugar into her coffee — fourteen sugars so far, Steve was counting — and Bruce looked beatifically unaware of whatever was going on. He was a really good actor.
“You fixed your beard. Good,” she said and wrote something down on her clipboard.
“Don’t say stuff like that.”
“Oh, I wish it was that simple.”
The doors slid open and Nat came into the room. “Really, Stevens?
He woke up before the alarms went off, still exhausted. But he didn’t care — he had a mission, so he dragged himself out of bed. Before leaving the room, he tore out one of the many sketches of Tony that littered his sketchbook and taped it to the wall. It was a poor replacement for the real thing — Steve had never managed to capture Tony’s brand of electric allure — but it’d have to do until Steve brought him home.
