John had a date.
"I wouldn't be here if I had one, don't you think?" said the detective.
John nodded.
That scent of spices, tobacco and aftershave that he would forever associate with his best friend.
John took a deep breath, trying to regain control of himself and exhaled noisily.
It was only when the child began to complain in his cot that Sherlock broke away from his thoughts and approached the child.
It was not Mrs. Hudson who took advantage of the silence to leave some cookies or the morning papers.
"Were you so busy that you couldn't find two hours to visit your mother?"asked the woman.
Sherlock bent his lips, trying to restrain himself from smiling.
All he could read about the man was just what John would disclosure to him: he knew about his nightclub nights, the conquests that led him to stay out on Monday night, the symbiotic relationship that now seemed to bind him to that damned Jack Micheals, but only because John had let him know.
"Why didn't you tell me? “he asked furiously but keeping his voice low so as not to be discovered.
John stared at him for a few moments, before putting his face closer to Sherlock and kissing those perfect lips.
He never thought about having children... He always believed he would die before he turned 30.
-We could ask Mycroft... - intruded the detective.
And now that wonderful man before him, this man who he had been on the verge of losing so many times that Sherlock had stopped counting them, had just exercised a right of ownership over him that Sherlock was very happy to grant him.
It was only then that his mind brought the last moments of his conversation with Sherlock back, showing him an important missing piece: before slamming the door behind himself, the detective had made no move towards the kitchen to retrieve Hamish.
She was the first to understand them, perhaps already that distant evening of their disastrous date.
He had spent three years in solitude, except for a few short episodes, and what motivated him to move on was the moment when he could make his position clear, when he would finally see again Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson...
-Everything you've ever wanted, what we talked about... You, me, a family, a life full of action and adrenaline... You just have to admit that you miss me and Hamish, because we desperately miss you...-Sherlock confessed honest as few other times in his life.
The message came from a number he did not know, and the address was unknown to him, except for his certainty that it was in Marylbone neighborhood.
John chuckled, however satisfied, and placed a small kiss on the black-haired man’s neck.
Sherlock's eyes followed John's limping figure until it disappeared on the stairs leading to his room.
-I thought I'd bring you the Little Mermaid, but then I realized it wouldn’t fit in my suitcase... Do you settle for a box of sardines? -replied the other man ironically, before pulling the sandwiches out of the bag.
-Sherlock said Mycroft just needed to snap his fingers for you to do whatever he asked you- remembered John, uttering the detective's name for the first time in forty-eight hours.
He quickly glanced towards Mycroft, sitting severely in John's armchair.
"You haven't seen anything yet" Sherlock murmured.
"You're going to be late" Sherlock commented in a low voice, staring back at his doctor’s face.
The day before he had met Mummy Holmes and had confessed to her his intention to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock, while now all he could think about was that Irene Adler's son was in "their" living room placidly asleep.
"Do you want to take care of it?" he asked, noting for the first time the incredulous look on the man's face.
Sherlock's eyes sharpened, a harsh expression on his face.
"Irene was different, but not for the reasons you all believe" Sherlock said, interrupting himself by feeling Hamish's burp.
-It would still be a risk- repeated the homeless man.
It wasn't an accident.
"Well, we don't have any special places, are you happy now?" replied Sherlock ready to clam up and end their conversation.
His mind had started playing tricks on him. And what better day than that to go completely crazy?
John pulled it out, clutching it with trembling fingers, and watched it: how many times had he seen it hanging from the Baker Street peg, or  carelessly abandoned on the floor of Sherlock's living room or bedroom?
You're too skinny. And that hair…-added shaking her head unhappy.
"Where's Daddy?" he asked her once in the kitchen, helping her prepare the tea.
"It would have helped to avoid the surprise of finding your face on television!" retorted Greg, raising his voice slightly.
-I was afraid that he would commit some nonsense during the first two years... - she confessed.
-I understand I will have to deal with John's anger when... - he began in a confident voice, interrupting himself when he saw Lestrade shaking his head.
It would take less than a month before one of them takes good use on lethal weapons, poisons and so on.
John brought his attention back to his tea when his cell phone started vibrating in his jeans' right pocket.
My mother died seven years ago, while my father is a retired cook who still lives in the old family home.
-Jack is a lovely guy-informed him Mrs. Hudson.
The detective did not even give him time to finish the sentence, but he latched his arm around his shoulders and drew him closer to himself laying his lips against Mycroft’s, caressing them several times with infinite sweetness.
John still in Sherlock’s arms moved into the living room until he got to the couch where he let himself fall followed the next moment by the detective, who hurried to cover his body with all his statuesque physique, but John would never allow him  to take the lead in such a situation,  so he quickly got up to sit down, Sherlock seated on him with his legs around John’s hips, both of them groaning with pleasure when their erections inadvertently bumped against each other.
John sighed, passing his hand over his face.
Don't forget that we're talking about Mycroft, if it were up to me, there should be no trace of his passage on Earth- he answered caustic.
-You have no idea... So who's the lucky fellow?- he asked again, sincerely curious.
Emma frowned, plainly confused.
"I missed you, you know?" said the detective looking at Mycroft’s face.
-Emma…-intruded John.
-What are your plans? - Sally asked, dropping the fork on the empty plate.
It wasn't the first time that, after one of their discussions, John and Sherlock were on two completely different paths, but never as this time John had the impression that going back was impossible.
-No, but usually my clients are in a hurry to conclude, they don't want to take the risk of being seen by someone they know; you, however tense, were in no hurry... That's why I let you talk: I was testing my theory- Daniel said then looking up at the waiter who arranged in front of him the slice of cake and the cookies and poured the coffee into both cups.
Mycroft had told him that Mondays were John’s crazy nights; what more was he to expect from the doctor?
A beautiful seven-month-old baby who looks a lot like him- John added with a sad smile as baby Hamish’s face came to his mind.
The weight of his body on a forearm, John moved his free hand down between their bodies, tightening it around Sherlock's painfully erect cock, starting to slide his hand from the base to the tip with quick strokes, circling the foreskin with the tip of his thumb every two to three strokes, tearing another uncontrolled groan from Sherlock's open lips, continuing at the same time to move his hips with an almost syncopated rhythm, in search of his own pleasure.
With his free hand, Sherlock took a long sip from his glass, wearing his armor again, before looking back at John.
Lady Holmes put a few strands of hair behind her ear and sighed.
Mycroft stepped forward to comfort him, but Greg straightened his back and exhaled noisily.
-Is Agent 007 around? You shouldn't even introduce me, just pointing him to me if we happen to meet him in the hallways- Greg said to avoid silence.
-You sent me the text-
", the only place free from the presence of Sherlock Holmes.
-I can't tell you anything about it, except that you'd be very proud of it. As I am- she added.
It was only when he saw his old friend standing up again that Sherlock understood: John would continue to ignore him, living his life as if he was still the only inhabitant of the apartment.
-Mh. Thank you, I guess…-Greg said anyway.
One detail caught John's attention, leading him to alternately stare at the door and his partner: contrary to what had happened in the past, there was a woman at the door; a woman who knew Sherlock well enough to know his middle name.
It was only when he heard the door to John's room close that the detective stood up and walked into the kitchen, paying no attention to his mother, feeling slightly guilty about the suffering that, even the slightest hint of his disappearance seemed to provoke in John.
It was only after a long moment of luxurious silence that John notice an insistent noise that was trying to attract his attention and only then his brain set aside for a moment the wonderful sensations he felt every time he was in Sherlock’s arms and remembered where they were and why they were there.
He was certain that, despite the complicated relationship between the two men, if John wanted to make Sherlock part of his new lifestyle, he would already do so.
Or, the little one was still there entrusted to Mrs. Hudson's loving care?
Sherlock had always been possessive of him, even when they were just friends and he thought John was straight, but now that he knew of his homosexuality John could clearly see that jealousy in his eyes whenever Jack was in their apartment.
"Some other place?"- Greg inveted him.
-John told you about Irene...-
The morning passed quickly and only around one o'clock he was able to take a break.
If his relationship with John had evolved further Sherlock would not have been able to let him go: no more uncertainty, no more languid glances from unmarried women desperate for a man, and no more areas of shadow.
The kiss, a union of lips, teeth, and tongues left them satisfied, but hungry, and when their lips parted, two wheezing breaths broke the sudden silence of the room.
Greg nodded slowly, agreeing with Daniel.
Sherlock felt the gaze of the entire room fixed on himself but ignored it completely in favor of the green eyes that despite the distance had met his own.
Sherlock shrugged.
Once again, silence fell between the two men, broken only by Hamish's amused sounds and noisy toys.
"I don't know" John said honest. "I don't know."
He had shown him that he really cared about them, that he was willing to put himself in completely stranger situations in order to make him happy, that he had noticed his discomfort and his fears and that he wanted to reassure him in every way.
John sighed and rubbed his face with one hand, confused by his boyfriend’s words.
-Sherlock-.
But once again he was wrong...
- I hope you're not talking about that pathetic fight you had before. I have to say, you both disappointed me, arguing in the street like two drunks outside the pub... it was really undignified.
"How can you say that?" responded John. -I could have a collection of guns and rifles in my apartment...-
Once again, the woman had meddled in their private matters, even going so far as to bypass him and meet John directly, thus risking ruining everything.
"Do you think it's reasonable that I had to find out from your brother that you were still alive?" she asked again.
Perhaps aware that he was not fully focused on his own work, or perhaps deeming the crime boring, Sherlock was quickly gone, his cell phone in one hand, his fingers moving frantically in the composition of a text.
Lestrade looked up from the computer monitor and frowned.
The man sighed deeply and let the silence fall for a few moments, thinking carefully about how to answer the question.
-I'm not hungry. I think I'm going to lie down for a few hours if it's okay for you-John said.
He had to.
Squeezed into the reassuring embrace of his best friend, John let himself go, freeing himself from the military posture he had assumed the moment he saw the journalists and lacing an arm around the man's waist, hiding his face in his chest.
Everyone he talked to said that every Monday night, John would come home with a different person to have sex, and that night John came home with him, so why didn't they end up having sex?
For a moment in the room fell the silence, interrupted only by Hamish's heavy breathing that led John to turn to him to discover the baby fast asleep against his right shoulder.
The doctor let out a frustrated sigh; is it possible that everything should be so complicated when Sherlock was involved?
-What am I going to call you from now on?
Finally, the gate was open and, with a slight touch to the accelerator, Greg gave strength again to the engine, entering a tunnel that, he was certain, would lead him to his destination.
Sherlock Holmes was an analytical man, always convinced that his intelligence was his greatest asset, resigned to a life of solitude with his Work.
John looked at Greg, clearly amused by the brief exchange, looking for a topic of conversation to solve the embarrassment, but Emma beat him on time once more, this time watching Sherlock.
Yeah!
"What did you think?"he asked.
-Finally... I left you thousands of texts on your voicemail-said Greg.
-I don't know what to say Doc...-replied the confused girl.
-Do you think I don't know? - retorted Sherlock in an irritated tone.
He entered the living room and closed the door behind him, and it was then that he saw the wicker basket on the sofa: it was creamy white, with one handle sticking out on both sides and a light wool blanket covering the small shape inside.
Stepping forward, Sherlock gave the man a slight nod.
-Once or twice- Daniel answered.
Usually the medical staff doesn’t go out of the camp, but that day we were understaffed so me and two other doctors jumped aboard the Rover and went to pick up the wounded.
Once again, Baby Girl's gaze sought Boss's, standing next to her, and when the man nodded for the second time, the girl sighed.
-I'm going to bring something to eat. You know I don't trust Sarah's kitchen- Jack said twisting his mouth.
-Everything all right? -asked after clearing his throat.
-But this is the first time she'll found someone else besides you-ended Sherlock for him.
-I can only speak for myself.
It is clear what the choice will be.
"Hey Emma, are you hungry?" he asked.
A record, since the last time they found themselves face to face, he had just discovered John's drug-addicted past and had an uncontrollable desire to punch that authoritarian mask.
-That's why you saved her... But why did you keep the secret?" asked Molly.
Greg nodded.
Sherlock was right: he really was an idiot.
-John…-
Lestrade, a young sergeant at the time, wandered around and tried to figure out how it had happened; I slipped under the police tape and approached the corpse looking for evidence" the detective recounted.
Clearly more experienced despite his young age.
It was strange how he could not accept the concept of loneliness after spending much of his life in a voluntary isolation, to avoid the pain and misunderstandings that human relations carry behind.
-There's only one way to find out-
"I don't know" John replied.
-I want everything.
Despite your absence at the press conference, journalists were eager to know your reactions and what happened to you during these years.
To be honest, a part of him had hoped that John would build a life with someone else, so at least he wouldn't just mourn his passing for the rest of his days.
-So... Sherlock Holmes - said John's voice as warm and soft as the chocolate that covered the cheesecake.
The doctor shook his head.
John nodded, remembering then that there was no one else there besides his father.
-I'm sorry Chief, but one more minute and I'd have drag them both into the first empty bedroom.
"Didn't you hear a word of what I said to you last night?" Sherlock asked, unable to decide how to behave.
"Shut up Sherlock!" murmured John in response, bringing his face closer to him and kissing Sherlock again.
How could John be so blind when it was evident that nothing and no one was more important...
"John, is that you?" he called listening to the noises in the background.
"Sherlock, stop looking at it like this!" she scolded him.
Mycroft was too important to risk losing their relationship for a "silly fantasy."
His whole team knew that today was a special day, when his only goal was to survive, to get to the end of the day without receiving that phone call that made him tense every time he heard the phone ringing, and  that's why they tried to make his life easy, to make themselves silent and almost invisible.
-You're getting ridiculous now.
A bitter laugh rang out in the room.
There's a slight arrhythmia... Baby Girl did you have short breath or felt tired? -he asked and went back to look at the girl.
Do you know there's a group besieged outside? - John asked him trying to control his frustration.
Sherlock, actually had a name as common and "ordinary" as William.
Two full soft lips suddenly were on John's lips, interrupting his speech and causing him to raise his head slightly, improving the kiss.
"It didn't bring me much luck" Harry said in the same tongue-in-cheek tone.
"He doesn't need it anymore" the detective replied.
Who was he?
Sherlock rubbed his face with his hand, trying to fully wake up from his nap and opened his eyes, initially staring at the ceiling above him and then at John's blond hair.
Since his arrival, during the hours he was awake, Daniel constantly had the television on both to distract himself and to fight the silence of the empty house.
-It wasn't easy.
Sherlock shrugged.
-It's not going to happen, I promise-
Once again John found himself nodding.
The two men remained silent for a few moments and silence left John time to rearrange his thoughts and find the most suitable words to express his feelings.
Sherlock Holmes had returned to 221B Baker Street on Wednesday morning.
-Why not? If I had succeeded in one of the many clumsy attempts that your brother or Greg managed to stop, you would have come home earlier, and you would have had no reason to travel around the world searching for international murderers and criminals...  Maybe you could have a family with Irene-
The British official stiffened and stared suspicious at the little girl, while Sherlock tried to hide a laugh with a cough.
His mind re-enacted the image of his "rival" making him notice once again his youth, his skinny physique, the delicate face as if he were a porcelain doll.
-No more secrets. I promise you-
________________________
John had taken a deep breath and repeated himself that this was no longer his problem, that he no longer had to be a peacemaker between the two.
By adolescence things had gotten worse, especially after Harry came out: John had elected himself as his sister's defender against bullies and homophobes, despite being aware that Harry was able to defend herself, often finding himself with the signs of the last brawl clearly evident on his face.
-I know… Do you remember Sherlock? I think I told you about him a couple of times- he said to her shaking his head the next moment. -Who am I kidding... I must have made your ears bleed by telling you stories about him.
But I knew you wouldn't be happy, that you'd be disappointed if I let myself go to the darkest part of me-
Sherlock watched him for a few moments before shrugging his shoulders and refocusing on John.
"Hello, my name is Emma" said the little girl, making Lady Violet smile.
But those feelings were short-lived when John spoke again.
A strong expression appeared in Molly's eyes, leading her to stiffen her facial muscles in a serious pose.
-It was a quick move.
-No, of course not.
-Fuck you Sherlock! -
Tuesday morning, an unknown bed, a stranger body next to him, the imperative to leave the apartment without making noise to avoid unnecessary dramas and spare himself promises that, inevitably, he would not keep.
Let the game begin....
-If there had been anyone in my life, if I had been married... Would you be back anyway? -
Mycroft sighed in frustration.
"And is that a good thing or a bad thing?" he asked.
Impressed by those words, Sherlock remained silent for a few moments, tormenting the waistband of his robe with his long fingers, before looking up at his mother's face.
"I thought of a name for her" she said.
She's really a busy girl" John said.
"So what did you tell him?"he asked.
Jack held his face with a thoughtful expression before shaking his head.
-Okay. Like you said, I'm from Aldershot, and I have a sister, Harry, who's three years older than me.
John didn't want anything to do with him.
Their first meeting had not gone as he had hoped, leaving him with a cracked rib, some bruises on his face and a small cut right above his top lip.
At that question, John rolled his eyes upwards and closed the bag with a sharp movement, thus showing all his frustration.
It was only when he found himself behind the stirring wheel that that he understood what it was the right thing to do, that the task of a detective was never over until he could find an explanation to the many small mysteries that accompanied the discovery of a corpse and that, like so many bread crumbs, would lead him to the culprit.
"Have you become my guardian angel?" asked the other man with that usual swaggering air with which he had tempted him.
Perhaps even in this case, as with most aspects of their shared life, John should let Sherlock decide: he would follow Sherlock’s step, adapting to his decisions.
"And did it help something?" asked Molly, already knowing the answer.
Those thoughts hurt Mycroft even more: looking for a replacement, Gregory had not sought someone who was up to his standard but had wanted someone completely different.
Gently, he clasped his arms around Hamish's body, mimicking the position seen just moment before from his father and glanced at the child, hinting a smile.
Impressed by that question, Sherlock forgot about his food and focused on John.
That's when we became friends.
-Or do we want to talk about Mrs. Hudson? -
That's your decision
Never, in his life as a teenager or as an adult, had John been in contact with so much elegance, luxury and taste: the man came from a middle-class family, where it was considered a luxury to have a new appliance (he still remembered his mother's beaming smile when they could finally afford the vacuum cleaner), and confronting the disparity of his and Sherlock's lifestyle left him breathless for a few moments.
-Who knows? Maybe you'll find the courage that both of you lack to take the next step.
"How did you feel when he disappeared? “the woman asked cautiously.
He needed to know how idiotic he was.
It wasn't the first time Greg had been in front of young people in need of help, in fact in his work he encountered too many, but there was something about that boy that for some reason brought back to his mind the first encounters with Sherlock, provoking in him an instinct to unexpected protection.
There was nothing wrong with their apartment in Baker Street; he was aware that the number of his properties was greater than John's, but from the beginning Sherlock had found nothing strange: a man accustomed to military life like John tends to minimize the number of objects to take with him.
Sherlock heard the usual noises coming from the kitchen and calmed down: his mother was in Baker Street, an unpleasant novelty, but she was not there to force him to move or leave John and his work behind.
"I've been told several times that I'm not an easy person to live with" he said, taking a fork of his own dessert in turn.
-John...-
"He’s giving you the cold shoulder, isn’t it?" asked Greg.
A person so complicated that he's earned a whole secret code.
Despite not wanting to interrupt that intimacy that had been created, Sherlock sat down, needing to observe John's face and his reactions.
Clutching the cup in one hand he approached his own armchair and set the mug on the coffee table not far away.
"Fine then, all I have to do is look for another place" he said.
He would let John start the conversation; he would wait for him to confront him.
Hello everyone! Probably some of you noticed some similarites with another Johnlocked Fan Fanction and you were right.
This Web Page was Built with PageBreeze
However, he is American, he was accompanying a politician visiting Downing Street, and since it was the first time he was in London, he needed a guide- recounted Jack.
-I promise I will give you plenty of time for your experiments, but now I absolutely need to be inside you...-said John, staring in Sherlock’s eyes.
-Don’t mention it.
An unexpected noise awoke him.
"I heard he was in the hospital" Sherlock said.
Anybody I know
"Can you watch Emma today?" asked Jack straight to the point.
"That's why you jumped off the roof" Greg said.
John let slip a broken sigh, full of desire, his fingers clenched around the light and elusive fabric of the detective's silk robe.
"Only Mycroft and Molly... " answered the detective.
The doctor arched his eyebrows, scrutinizing his friend's face, trying to figure out what upset him and unconsciously raised a hand and moved some disheveled curls from his forehead, then letting his fingers slide along his prominent cheekbone.
The man sighed in frustration and sank into his armchair, the bottle still in his hand; the next moment Molly stood by him, freeing him from the bottle and placing Hamish in his arms.
-I'm pretty sure that if John was sexually frustrated, he wouldn't need these methods to... Maybe Jack's trying to help him in this situation with the reporters. -concluded the woman, changing the subject in half so as not to succumb to her own embarrassment.
The now empty bottle hung between Hamish's lips and with sure gestures John took it out of the child's grip and placed Hamish against his shoulder to help him burp, then he looked up and met Mycroft’s gaze and let go to a deep breath.
"Don't let the Queen hear you" Mycroft retorted,  standing up as well. "Don't wait up for me" he added.
Sarah Sawyer, wearing the typical white coat, approached the table next to John and bent down to give him a slight kiss on the cheek, then laid a brown package next to the man.
And at that moment John found himself nodding, a lump in his throat, curious in return to hear the detective's answer.
Sherlock's muscular body was plastered against him, his lips busy exploring every hidden corner of the doctor’s mouth and John himself had no intention of detaching himself from the man, but in a distant part of his mind a little annoying voice was telling him to open the door and get inside the apartment, because  if they did not stopped now they would have sex on the landing.
"Be gentle to him, dear" the woman said, surprising him, "Do it for John."
As soon as they arrived at the crime scene to examine the body they started arguing  furiously" he recalled.
Sarah had found Hamish in perfect health and in good standing with the mandatory vaccinations and had advised both of them to start the weaning process, already a few months late, as soon as possible.
Mycroft knew that the situation between the two men had improved slightly, that John had allowed his brother to explain himself and recount the adventures he had been in the last few years and was also aware that his brother had omitted a very important detail, which would make things worse irreparably between the two men if it had come to light one day.
_________________________________
-John is not my man- answered Sherlock, surprised that his brother wanted to put all the cards on the table for once in their life.
John covered his eyes with one arm, taking a deep breath, agreeing with himself that a decision was necessary and that this time it had to be the final one.
-Are you still talking about Baby Girl or is it finally time to talk about us? – asked Sherlock, regardless of the venomous tone of the blonde.
None.
"It's not my blog, it's John's" the detective said.
_______________________________
John raised his face slightly until he placed his chin on the man’s chest meeting his eyes.
John's face hardened instantly, and the man turned quickly toward the door.
-It's been two years since that day.
-At seven o'clock during the week and eight o'clock on Saturdays and Sundays.
But there was one last thing John absolutely needed to know.
Emma remained silent for a few moments, heedless of the people passing by to reach the upper floor or on the stairs to take photographs.
Nowadays there are not many teenage girls able to overcome all the hardships you have faced...-continued.
The man stared at him for a few moments, again that wry smile to stretch out his lips.
Twenty minutes and a short taxi ride after, John rang the doorbell of Greg and Mycroft's apartment.
-You all know why I became a drug addict.
John had done everything he could to get on with his life, the new life he had reinvented for himself to avoid succumbing to pain, and only Sherlock's constant presence on the living room couch reminded him that something had really changed.
John shrugged; he often complained about Sherlock's experiments, but a part of himself was calm every time he saw Sherlock folded into his microscope, refuting a thesis expressed in a medical journal, or rejecting a suspect's alibi.
As soon as their eyes met, John shrugged his shoulders, always smiling.
Greg offered his face to the water jet and took a moment to think back to the three years just passed: the investigations, the referral of almost half of the Homicide squad directed by Lestrade and the purgatory to the municipality squad to which he had been confined for two years, before he earn the trust of his superiors again.
Greg remained silent until he had brought all the various containers, plates forks and spoons into the living room.
-All right.
_____________________________
-Fine, you’re right. I've considered adopting the baby a couple of times while you were away.
I paid the rent of this flat for as long as I was gone, all my belongings and my forensic equipment is here and let's not forget the proximity to the Barts.
How could he not notice so much devotion before?
-Then explain.
Mycroft held his gaze for a few moments before nodding briefly.
But we both know he’s not a normal child.
"You were all I needed, and you left without even looking back” he said, staring into Sherlock's gray eyes.
Jack set up the pancakes in the middle of the table and then headed to the bathroom a few steps from the kitchen, leaving the two men alone, the silence interrupted only by the music that kept playing from the stereo.
It was clear from the girl's expression what the answer was.
He was born immediately after the war and as a child had to learn to look after himself and his brother William.
After all, it was just one stupid mistake...
-I shouldn’t…-
Our friendship was immediately different from those I had in the past: this complete stranger who in less than two minutes can tell me the story of my life... Extraordinary.
The following paper was the new contract at the clinic where John had worked for years, with a salary increase that was definitely Mycroft's doing  and another paper that certified that Dr. John Hamish Watson was promoted to the role of Director of the aforementioned clinic with the date of a few months before.
Sherlock raised both hands to the side of the other's neck, trying to convey all those feelings to which he could not give a name to the blond, to make him understand that he no longer needed to be afraid, that all those insecurities now were unnecessary.
It should never be said that a Holmes leaves the battlefield without first unleashing all his weapons and having put in place all possible and imaginable strategic plans.
The man stared at her in silence, clearly undecided whether to grant her that favor or not.
"Did you know of the child's existence? “asked Mycroft, interrupting his thoughts.
He needed to think and certainly could not do it with Irene's eyes on his face.
John nodded shrugging his shoulders.
Cocaine was my favorite- Sherlock ended in an analytical and detached tone.
"You've lived together for two years" Greg retorted.
If Greg needed further proof that his suspicions were grounded, all in Mycroft from his gaze to his posture, would confirm his fears.
He felt the man move behind him, coming up to him, the steps made heavy by his boots.
-I only went an hour from London. What exotic and mysterious city caught your eye? -
John stopped in the middle of the dancefloor, well in sight, but at the same time hidden by the stares of others and for a few moments, it was clear in the tension of the shoulders and in the stiff back his embarrassment to be right there with Sherlock.
It's just us and our landlady.
Sherlock chuckled.
Sherlock frowned and stared at the doctor intrigued, noticing the volume he held tightly in his hands before returning to lay his eyes on his face.
"That's not the point" John readily retorted.
Always smiling, John approached the duo and felt his heart miss a beat when the child, seeing him arrive, began to shake his hands.
"So, what are you going to do on your first day as a free man?"  he asked cautiously.
-Oh, I've found a lot of useful information, but nothing about your case.
_______________________________
What now, my love, now that it's over?
) dangerous.
But a small part of himself was slightly worried...
-Then stop hiding!
-Okay. As sad as it may be, I understand: England needs to be governed and no one does it better than you" he said as he stood up.
"Am I right?" Greg insisted, his gaze fixed on the man he struggled to recognize.
"I'd rather face a horde of Yakuza with my bare hands than be here" said sincere the detective.
-Busy as usual with work... Also, this Sherlock and John thing worries me-answered Greg sincere.
–The press conference was not over yet and already there were three journalists waiting for me outside the clinic, shouting their idiotic questions.
John spotted the body on the ground on the pavement and headed in that direction.
"I’m never wrong, dear" she retorted, snatching another smile from him.
Moments later they were in the street, wrapped in their coats and walked aimlessly along the Chelsea Embankment, silently observing the sporadic passers-by.
What had happened between them had been a mistake, a huge mistake that Sherlock had not been able to erase from his mind and which he had ended up cataloguing as an "experiment not to be repeated".
Sally had joined him shortly after, and after seeing what had caught his eye, she confessed that she was curious and wanted to see that movie as well, so John had taken advantage of it and proposed to her to go see it together.
Enjoy the new chapter and let me know what you think! ^_^
-It's John's new passion. He's very good.
-Mom says you should never go to bed late at night, otherwise you risk arriving late to school- the little girl informed him, before drinking half the milk in one sip.
"And you let your man go to clubs like that?"asked Sherlock, trying to make sense of that conversation.
When he had locked the front door, he heard noises coming from Mrs. Hudson's apartment, a sign that the woman was still awake, waiting for Sherlock to pick up Hamish.
John's face stiffened.
-To hear it, you seem to be talking about M- Jack said.
-Boring-.
Thanks to every single one of you who read it, comment it left kudos or booked marked it.
He stood by the kitchen threshold and the smile grew bigger when he saw the figure on his shoulders next to the kitchen counter, busy filling a plate of food, launching every two seconds a glance at the display of his iPhone.
-Don't get me wrong. It wasn’t about you.
All you had to do was read between the lines.
It's been a bit of a lackluster evening. Greg got more offers than me, but obviously he turned them all down.
-Of course I do.
"Who is she?"  the doctor asked.
-What do you mean dirty? -asked Lestrade, frowning.
"Stop thinking idiot" he said, clearly amused.
-Until she becomes pregnant and he disappears, leaving her in trouble with the family-continued Sherlock in his place.
John met the elder parent's gaze again and sustained his stare unable to find an answer.
From some small twitches on Sherlock face, John had noticed how much the man missed his violin , who was still jealously guarded in his bedroom, in a hidden corner of his closet; by the contraction of the muscles or by the fetal position that the man occasionally assumed on the sofa, it was clear that boredom was beginning to take a hold of him, given the lack of stimulation and cases; and from the constant gaze that seemed to follow him everywhere in the apartment, it was evident Sherlock had to reassure himself and John of his return and their joint presence at 221B Baker Street finally again in the same place after three years.
"Boring" he said.
Molly was fascinated by Hamish too.
An unexpected anger materialized in Sherlock's stomach, at the mere thought of the two men together.
The next moment a new song rang out in the kitchen and almost at the same time, John felt Sherlock's presence behind him; he closed the fridge door and turned slowly and found himself stuck between the detective and the kitchen cabinet.
-That doesn't count.
What biological reaction caused zero saliva and tachycardia?
A hand that, despite the confusion of those distant days, had tightened around his and allowed Sherlock to guided him, certain that Sherlock would protect John and bring both of them to safety.
"This way" he said, driving them down a long corridor.
"Okay, what do you want to know?" conceded Greg after a few moments of hesitation.
Greg looked down on his hands for a few moments before returning to meet the detective's icy-blue gaze.
It was terribly obvious, almost to the limit of boredom, what had happened in the living room just now: why had no one had the balls so far to deal with that topic?
The waiter returned to their table with the rest of their orders and for a few moments Daniel didn’t answer his question, too focused on his own food.
John, standing behind his desk, smiled.
"I'm a doctor. I used to be a surgeon, but at the moment I work at a local clinic, I live with my roommate in a flat in central London and I'm single" he said, summarizing his life in a few words.
-I can't believe an intelligent man like you fell into his own trap.
Unable to control the irregular heartbeat of his heart, John’s gaze fixed on Sherlock's full lips, divided between the desire to respond with a sarcastic comment and the want to throwing his arms round his neck.
-We're not talking about an acid-corroded sweater or another potentially toxic explosion, it's a baby...Your baby.
-Sherlock, would you mind taking care of the tea?
Sherlock remained silent for a few moments, wondering whether to use simpler words or tell her the truth in his direct and raw way.
-Are you going to eat your dinner here? Don't you have a house of your own to return to? -Sherlock asked without acrimony.
"I just told the truth," said the black-haired man shrugging his shoulders.
"Can I book in advance?" asked Jack, trying to lighten the mood.
John rose again, heading for the fridge, his back turned to the detective.
Hope belied in the instant Sherlock opened his mouth again.
"How do you feel?" he asked cautiously.
Sherlock merely nodded, thus freeing him from the task of finding an explanation for his absurd behavior and stood up, approaching the stand next to the window.
-It's an Italian restaurant-said John turning back to look at the man next to him.
"Have you seen it?" he asked, looking up at his friend.
The man shook his head.
-Why don't you ask John? I think he's more qualified than I am, and then, in case you forgot, I already have a boyfriend-replied Greg, trying to change the subject.
-Anyway... I don't want to brag, so all I'm going to say is that something happened, and it was really great- confessed Harry.
-Sherlock and I want both you and the baby.
John sighed and passed a hand over his face, trying to put order in the chaos that was in his mind.
-Do you want me to take him? “he then asked, noting that the detective was trying to balance Hamish in his arms and, at the same time, prepare the bottle.
-It’s clear you had a fight with my brother…-
" patients who crowded the clinic, thus avoiding the clinic as much as possible.
-No, they had chosen a distinguished, gray-haired man with an elegant profile... They needed to show the "pleasant" side of the Army: I don't think they would attract many people with a soldier scarred by battle.
"What are you doing here?" the detective asked him clearly surprised.
John looked around, slightly disgusted at the idea of being associated even remotely with Irene and, as a result, Moriarty, settling better in his own chair and crossing his arms to his chest like he was still a spoiled child angry with his mother for not getting an ice cream after lunch.
And perhaps, just aware of his thoughts, John came to his rescue.
Again, John shrugged.
-True.
Greg nodded.
John pressed his lips against each other, unused to a subdued Sherlock, probably wondering how long the chemical or verbal explosions from the man would begin.
-All right. I'll be there as soon as I can- John said ready to end the call.
-You are renting it! - retorted the doctor.
Jack looked at him in disbelief for a few moments before shaking his head.
I'm just unprepared to deal with children, Sherlock ruled out of course.
"I don't see what's so strange: my brother's emotions are stuck to that of a five-year-old, so it's logical that he's perfectly comfortable around Emma" he said.
-You will be the one who will help Hamish during the tough years of childhood and the even more difficult ones of adolescence; the person who will understand and help him overcome his own fears and nightmares and who will be patient during his whims; if  my son will not be an outcast it will be because you will not allow it, helping him to make friends.
John blushed slightly at those words, aware that Sherlock would move heaven and earth to stop his departure, even going so far as to ask Mycroft for help if it was necessary, but at that moment his words were sincere and John could not hold back the smile that stretched out his lips and led him to approach the detective.
"That you were a truly stubborn man and that only John was able to make you a little more polite" said the woman with a slight smile, "But also that you were  brilliant and that once someone gained your trust and affection it was forever-continued Mrs. Hudson.
It's getting late and I haven't yet notified the clinic that I’m taking a day off today" he said, looking at the detective.
Would John say goodbye to him at the front door and then walk to the subway?
You knew how he was like when you decided to turn your friendship into something else- the older man pointed out to him.
He took a deep breath and passed his hand through his disheveled hair, never turning his gaze away from his partner’s eyes.
"Maybe I'm a good shag" he said.
Those three years had been another of his stupid jokes... Or worse, an experiment.
Anthea nodded her head and handed him the small folder.
Sherlock shrugged.
Did you know that he resumed working with Greg when he returned to Homicide? -she asked him.
-When are you going to start?
In those few moments, the doctor saw Sherlock's face change quickly, clearly uncomfortable in that totally unexplored field that were feelings.
At the same time, I wanna hug you
In front of him.
A shadow in front of him led John to look up again and come face to face with Sherlock, two cups of coffee in his hands and, after the first moment of surprise, John smiled at him.
-The first time that as a teenager he's complaining because we're kissing, I'll remind him that as a child his only reaction was to look at us happily and laugh-Sherlock said in a slightly hoarse voice.
I can't even take care of myself; how can I take care of him? -he asked her.
Home where my love lies waiting
"I went to bed late last night" the detective replied.
-Isn't that romantic? - hurried to say Emma.
Before he could intervene, his mother spoke again.
-That’s easy, you turn me on...-answered the black-haired man.
John returned to his desk and, when he raised his office phone, he informed Stephanie not to send in any more patients for at least forty minutes, before returning to sit behind the desk.
How are you Tommy? - John asked with an affectionate smile.
"Do you have any idea of the guilt that John carries with him?" he asked.
"Right, because I couldn't stand her" said John wryly.
John had no idea why Greg called him, or why he asked him to show up alone, with his medical kit, but he knew he had to find a plausible enough explanation to prevent the detective from asking any more questions.
Whenever his looks had been intercepted by Sherlock, the man had merely smiled at him, reading on his face everything that was going through his mind, while checking that his behaviour with Emma was socially acceptable.
Beneath that warm, soothing jet, John let his mind wander, reliving a few moments of what had happened the night before, but inevitably Sherlock's words rang out in his mind.
Moments later, the doctor shook his head and called himself an idiot: Sherlock would have simply asked him what he needed without too many pleasantries and with the certainty of seeing his wishes granted.
"Today is two years since I last took drugs" John said.
"Maybe I should have waited until the main course to tell you about my situation...- hastened to add Sherlock, clearly insecure.
-Sherlock…-admonished John more firmly.
We're going to make sure that she knows that she can spend time with her daughter, and I'm sure that if we talk to Mrs. Hudson we're going to convince her to rent us 221C so we can turn it into a small apartment for Baby Girl for these last eight weeks of her pregnancy and for when she will be in London so that you will both be close to the little girl.
John smiled and nodded slowly; his gaze fixed again on the detective's face.
"It wasn't a good feeling, was it?" asked John without lifting his face from his hiding place.
Once again John found himself at a crossroads, forced to make a decision that would change the course of his life inexorably, but as so many times before the choice was very clear before him.
"Today I have a consultation in the city in the late afternoon, so don't wait up for me" John said, looking back at the older man.
-He continued to live in Baker Street despite all his friends recommending him to move elsewhere and maintained a good friendship with Mike Stanford, Molly Dimmock and Detective Lestrade.
It wasn't easy to talk about his mother.
When he distanced himself from his thoughts, John noticed that Sherlock had just finished paying the bill and for a few moments was tempted to protest, but then he remembered the main goal of that dinner and just looked up at his companion.
At those words, John couldn't help but nod.
-Of course I do.
John return to straddle Sherlock's body and laid his forehead against his.
-It’s one of my many appeals, what are you going to do about it? -
A date? Was that what Sherlock was proposing to him?
-I have to admit, it's an instructive experience. Each time I learn something different and it might even come in handy with my work-commented the black-haired man.
John nodded.
Sherlock shook his head.
Mrs. Hudson sat down in front of him and then looked round.
"I've already offered you a bed, now don't overdo your requests" he joked.
-His boyfriend-
-Then you should be equally attached to all the patients in your clinic instead you sigh with relief as soon as you step out of that door.
Only a parent's love could have endured the havoc John had made of himself at that time.
"Anthea is not the kind of woman that many would call maternal" Mycroft said.
Raising his eyes to the detective's face, John knew that this idea was not really as absurd as it first seemed: they had to start somewhere to rebuild their relationship.
-Once or twice- Daniel repeated, the hint of a smile on his lips.
John wasn't a careful person, so it would take a moment to steal the detective's number from John's cell phone and send that message.
Stripped of my heart, my soul
-I have to go back to the hospital-
Before he could find a suitable answer, which would not show the turmoil of the feelings that stirred in him and was at the same time sarcastic, two repeated blows announced the presence of Mrs. Hudson outside the door.
There had been a shooting and while three of them had been lightly wounded, the boy was bleeding heavily from one leg... Bill and Joe took care of the other three, and I focused on him, knowing that I had to stop the bleeding if I wanted to bring him back to camp.
"He's a whore Gregory!" replied Mycroft with equal vehemence.
As I said, it's not the first time she's been a guest here-John repeated.
"NO!"exclaimed the doctor once more, clearly upset.
-But wasn't he dead? - he heard the woman ask again.
-No excuses! Your mother hasn't seen you in three years, with a brief interlude in which she thought you were dead before Mycroft reassured her, so now you're going to open the door and be quiet while she scolds you, because that's what a good son does... Even those with an out-of-the-ordinary intelligence like you- concluded John by walking away from the kitchen table and closing his dressing gown that had opened slightly.
It was like a sudden fire burning in my stomach and I couldn't stop thinking about you with other men in stranger places.
John had always had luck with the ladies, partly because of his charm and gentle manners, but partly thanks to Harry's tales: knowing what worked  for his sister put him in an advantageous position, making him aware of what aroused a girl and what did not work.
Now he could finally take back his own life, regain his identity and start again where he had left off three years earlier.
So thank you again for the kind offer, but even if I was interested, I am forced to say no.
What if John spent every Monday and Tuesday with the stranger in the leather jacket?
-Well, I didn't want to spend the last three years of my life mourning someone who wasn't dead.
"Would you like to excuse us for a minute?" John stepped in, moving toward Sherlock's bedroom, followed the next moment by the detective.
-John... – began Greg.
This way we will know that the child is in the right care.
Any decision he would made would not be easy to reach...
"I wasn't talking about me!" the detective interrupted him, raising his voice.
"Who would have thought Holmes Jr. would be a chatterbox" said John, a corner of his mouth bent upwards in a smile.
-It started like this: a pill was enough to fall asleep and find myself in a world where I was once again useful and "indispensable" as only he was able to make me feel.
-There's an explanation for what I did Mrs. Hudson...-he started.
When they entered the restaurant, they were greeted by a waiter they had never seen before who tried to direct them to a table away from the windows, but Sherlock headed to what he still considered "their" table after a three-year absence.
Next to him, he heard his brother's frustrated sigh.
And what the hell does that mean? -muttered John clearly uneasy because of their excessive closeness and Sherlock's words.
-Good morning Sherlock- John greeted him after clearing his throat.
-Sherlock... - Molly said and brought him back to reality.
Then what will happen? -asked the detective again.
"Is it normal that I missed your little comments?" she asked him with the same smile that accompanied her from the moment she laid eyes on the detective. -Those hairs are appalling. It doesn’t suit you at all- commented then.
"That’s right! You have to have hidden skills John, if you can get home every Monday with a different guy" Greg said teasingly.
Frustrated, John sighed as he leaned forward on the table until he rested both forearms on top of it.
He worked as a cook for thirty-five years, before applying for early retirement in order to stay beside his wife, suddenly ill.
Sherlock's scarf had disappeared on the day of The Fall and seeing it reappear now meant it had always been in the possession of the oldest Holmes.
Greg passed his hand through his short hair and watched him under his hand for a few seconds, considering the proposal: what trouble could it be if Sherlock dealt with years-old cases?
-What? – he asked confused.
John met his companion's icy-blue eyes and, as a few times before, found them liquid, alive and free to express the feelings that usually the man hid under lock and key in a chamber of his Mind Palace: he managed to see the fun for their banter, the affection that always bound him to John, the expectations he had for that evening, the fear of not knowing what the next move would be.
John smiled amused.
-Sherlock…-warned Lestrade.
-I knew I was going to die as soon as Moriarty was acquitted in the trial.
When he asked me if you were also lovers I was tempted to say yes- she confessed.
It's impossible...
-Thank you, but no thanks.
It had been a long day, preceded by an almost sleepless night and his body began to feel it, after all he was forty years old... he should have taken more care of himself.
He settled in his own armchair, aware that by opening the front door, his person would be the first thing John would see and wait.
"What's going on?"asked Greg.
A distracted look at John's clothes brought Sherlock's full attention back to his roommate.
A sad smile appeared on Sherlock's face, fading the next moment behind his friendly expression.
"I don't know if I'm honored or offended" Mr. Watson said, moving slightly Hamish's coat to see his face.
Greg looked up and smiled, weaving to the android and then shrugging his shoulders as he saw John's amused look.
His lips closed around Sherlock's lower lip, gently touching him, his eyes still open to meet the other's, reading the surprise before Sherlock let go and responded to the kiss, closing his eyes and putting a hand on John’s left side.
The doctor gave him a slight nod with his head, never interrupting their stare contest.
Reluctantly, he sat up, taking the red robe that Sherlock rarely used and trying to make as little noise as possible, he walked out of the room and closed the door behind him.
You and Moriarty are still competing, despite his death...
-Of course.
-Any word from Greg and Sally? - he then asked.
The woman smiled in turn, before moving her gaze towards the staircase leading to apartment B.
John and Sherlock.
-Why are we still here talking about that boy? He's gone and...-
"Can I join you?" said a well-known voice behind him, causing him to jolt.
And if at times his mind worried marginally about Sherlock, wondering when it was the last time he had made a full meal, John would drive away those thoughts by saying that it was no longer his concern, that the man had managed to survive just fine in those three years without him and certainly could continue to take care of himself.
The man looked around for a few moments, only to irritate the British Government more, although he was right:  his plans for that day were very different than a cell in an English prison.
that he had felt few times in those kinds of situations.
-Thank you, Dad-
Now more than ever.
Don't forget that my bedroom is right above yours, I would have known if something had happened- she reminded him.
Despite being aware of your plan, I missed you terribly every day during your absence-she said approaching the man.
"This is all about Moriarty, right?"asked Lestrade.
Sherlock found himself admitting that he had missed those little things: those atmospheric changes so sudden that he could only find in England, the typical smell of London, made of smog, rain, stagnant water and wet grass.
There was no answer from John, a sign that he had merely nodded.
Slowly Daniel’s right eyelid lifted, showing a red iris of blood to which John pointed his light to control the pupil's responsiveness.
"Sir there is something that requires your attention" she said, and then entered the office, the door closing behind her in an automatic, silent gesture.
"They're going to get tired soon" he said.
Daniel sighed.
Sherlock nodded.
-I’ll have to believe you-
-I thought it was best to come earlier to do a little revision... It’s been a few years since I last had to do an ultrasound- confessed John, hands behind his back in a military pose that always put him at ease in difficult situations.
The woman smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
“Are you coming back? -
"How did John take it?" Sherlock heard Molly ask.
The little girl, on the other hand, kept staring at him with a curious look and a slight smile.
What had happened less than half an hour ago with Sherlock had probably marked the end of his relationship with the detective and, if before John would not have stepped back from a confrontation with the woman who had definitely ruined his life, now he thought it was useless.
John remained silent, not knowing how to respond, letting his mind wander for a few moments in that dark side of his mind where his feelings for Sherlock were bound...
"How's the diet?" he asked instead, thus avoiding answering.
-Obviously not if we're here to put your pieces back together!- exclaim the inspector, venting his frustration.
Sherlock let go of a frustrated sigh.
The next moment, a figure walked to their table; John barely had time to look up at Angelo, followed a short distance by the efficient waiter, before the man froze in the center of the restaurant, between the tables, an incredulous expression on his face.
__________________________________
Greg nodded.
John looked away, suddenly shameful, as his mind crowded with painful moments where his father was his only safe haven.
-When Mycroft was born, our father was the same age as my brother is now, if not a year or two younger.
He had done so when he had looked him in the eye and pretended to believe his lie, and he had done so again when he turned to her during his absence.
For two hours John followed Sherlock and Hamish around the Zoo, listening to the detective's detailed explanations and laughing several times as a child for the animal imitations Sherlock did with the purpose of making Hamish laugh.
The detective snorted, a sour response on the tip of his tongue, but froze and opened the door even more to enter the bathroom, going to sit on the ground right in front of Emma.
He closed the door behind him and barely had time to put the keys into the pocket of his jacket that Mrs. Hudson came out of her flat.
-Mh... Nothing - he simply answered.
She also asked if she could have a sleepover with you on Saturday- Jack said, looking at John again.
And that silence was what scared Greg the most... More than tears, tremors, sudden bursts of anger or those few episodes of pain masquerading as madness.
Sherlock took a couple of steps towards the door before turning back to John who carefully avoided to meet his gaze.
"You were serious when you said you wanted to woo me" he said, meeting the man's icy-blue eyes.
Shaking his head slightly toward the waitress who was moving in his direction, John approached the table with steady steps, stopping in front of the empty chair, staring at the woman who greeted him with a mischievous smile.
The hint of a smile appeared on Daniel's lips, immediately broken by the pain of the broken bottom lip.
Letting go of a frustrated sigh, Sherlock walked away from John and returned to sit in his seat, the bottle of maple syrup clenched between the fingers of his left hand.
John knew that feeling too well.
John laughed and shook his head.
"Probably" he said, dropping himself on the couch, placing his legs on John's thighs. - Why are you listening to it?- he asked.
"What do I look like?" he asked, not yet fully ready to address that subject.
"Is it really so strange that I'm in the Investigative Section of Scotland Yard?" Sherlock asked, sitting into a chair in front of the desk.
Once again, I apologize for any mistakes but, as I said before, English is not my mother tongue.
-Now that we've unraveled your relationship with Mycroft, can we end this talk?
"He’s still asleep" said John, returning to the living room.
-Syrup-replied Sherlock after a few moments of silence.
-Happy now?
"You get used to loneliness" Mycroft added, shrugging his shoulders in a careless gesture.
"Was there a day since I met him that I didn't love that lovely bastard?"replied John, moving his head slightly to meet the other man's gaze.
A stranger had occupied John Watson's post, increasing the number of unanswered questions in Sherlock's mind.
In the end, he was forced to give in to his curiosity and called John, asking if he knew anything about the boy.
-SHERLOCK! SHERLOCK! -
John took the mug and set it on his left armrest, then leaned slightly toward the coffee table and took the paperback he had left there two days earlier.
Or at least that was what he had read on the website.
"Do you want to have breakfast?" the elderly man asked him again.
-That's not true! - The man retorted.
John stared at him with an incredulous expression on his face, his breath held back and a new stiffness in his muscles.
Should he have to end any relationship with her mother if she shown to be against his relationship with John for some absurd reason?
-Besides, he’s your son...-commented almost as an afterthought Mycroft.
-Are you still talking Anderson? - Sherlock said clearly annoyed.
What are your plans for the day?
“Your sister called: she said she's going to come over to see you once she's done at work" his father said from the hallway.
On the other hand, he could try to swallow his pride and accept that child... After all, little Hamish had no fault, he did not ask to have for mother one of the most petty and elusive persons in the world.
As every morning, when he woke up, John basked for a few moments in bed, enjoying the warmth of his blankets, rubbing his still half-asleep eyes before turning the blankets away from his body and standing up, his feet almost touching the beige linoleum.
-I agree.
It was clear that in that situation, John's mind had been filled with images (
Sherlock was my best friend... He had become the gravitational pole of my existence.
-Why is that? She is the mother of his son...-said John sincerely surprised by the man's words.
"Are you going to stay here for a long time?" asked the elderly parent.
Dragging behind his leg John cross the hallway, and he made his way to the exit, and only when he was outside, he allowed his body to gave in.
"Watsons stick together" he simply replied.
-Girlfriend? No, it's not really my area-answered the detective, remembering perfectly that night.
-Lovers? Of course not! They're  just friends.
-Sherlock doesn't know "Doctor Who”! -she almost took it as a personal affront.
-And did they keep their promise? Did they show you the world? -Sherlock asked him, a veil of irony in his eyes.
For the first time in a long time I'm happy, really happy Sherlock.
-Are you going to tell me what happened? Or would you rather I take you to the station?- Greg asked him, meddling in the conversation.
"Since when do you care about my relationship with your brother?" asked Greg, his forehead now perpetually frowned, and his dinner forgotten.
-Oh... Now I understand, you need advices on how to make this thing work-he couldn't help but say.
And he had been forced to leave.
-Don’t be so harsh, Sherlock. Jack proved to be a good friend to John.
-He's your son-
"What stopped you?" asked Sherlock, genuinely curious.
Just two days ago I had everything I had always wanted for three years and now I don't know if I have to pack my stuff and move out from Baker Street or give your brother another chance- he said exasperated.
-Wow... You've really thought a lot about this thing-
-Of course, it was time for Baby Girl to open her eyes on her situation instead of basking in stupid illusions that would not help her at all- he replied perfectly at ease, despite the seethed glare that did not seem intent on abandoning him.
The black SUV had now entered London, he could recognize the silhouettes of Brixton.
He cleared his throat and looked up, meeting Lady Violet's, who offered him a sweet smile in response.
-What time do you go to bed then?- Sherlock asked.
There was a hypothesis he hadn't considered: John had gone on a romantic date with his pesky fly, was it possible that it was Mr. Micheals who sent him that message?
He felt the unreasonable need to be as close as possible to John but, contrary to that morning when his body was governed by desire and the attraction he felt for John, now all he really needed was to be as close as he could be to the one person who, despite the problems, quarrels and misunderstandings, always remained by his side.
It was then that, sitting behind his desk, he had taken his phone in his hands and, instead of sending a message to Sherlock, sent one to Jack, asking for help, receiving a positive response a few minutes later.
Throughout the evening, the detective had been honest, answering John's questions without any problem, sharing with the doctor a part of himself that he would rather keep quiet forever and for a moment he wondered what was the most suitable choice: say once again the truth or tell only a part of it, the one that would have pleased the doctor?
What did it mean to John?
Dead.
-The hospitalization for dehydration... - murmured Sherlock.
-From the first time she was here, I told her that she was not allowed to enter your room and she, being respectful of the rules despite the natural curiosity of a child, listened to me- he merely explained.
It took me a couple of hours, how long will it take him? -he asked, trying to apply logic as always to the tangle of feelings that he felt and that destabilized him.
Let's hear your speech out
Sherlock's long, tapered fingers surrounded his face, politely forcing him to turn around to make their eyes meet, giving him a slight affectionate smile.
Was it possible that he had imagined everything?
"Your name hasn't been done very often in recent years" he said simply.
He would have been able to accept the yells, the furious arguments, even the objects thrown against the walls instead of that silence.
Do you really think I'm so dumb or so lost without you that I can't do my job anymore?
He had to stop it before that brilliant idiot opened his mouth and put his thoughts out in the open...
You've even managed to cry, you're a such a great actor, Sherlock!
John had looked up at the British official and had nodded his head.
Greg gave him a sardonic smile.
If there was one thing John Watson had learned to  hate it was silence.
The two men stared at each other for a few seconds until Sherlock gave him a slight nod.
He immediately noticed the lack of his violin and wondered if it had been placed in some cardboard box getting dusty or if John had decided to donate it to charity, but immediately discarded that idea given the presence of the musical sheets.
"So, what can I do for you Mommy?" he asked her, breaking her silence.
At the singer's umpteenth high-pitched, Sherlock sighed and sat down.
The unexpected volume of the man's voice surprised Hamish, who held his hands a few seconds away from Mycroft's face, before his face turned into a disgruntled expression, on the verge of tears.
-Why the music? -he asked again after a few moments, trying to control a pleased groan at the effect that John's nimble fingers in his hair provoked.
John nodded slowly, granting him that little victory.
Sherlock shrugged.
When he finally calmed down, he looked up again at Sherlock’s face and realized that this time it was up to him to apologize.
The detective nodded and let John guide him on the dance floor as slow, sensual music spread from the loudspeakers at the end of the previous song.
Now that we have clarified my relationship with Dr Watson can we return to the main topic of the press conference? -.
-This song doesn't make any sense- Sherlock said after being silent for a few moments.
Someone who had the great Holmes intelligence and their hidden and sharp humor, his eyes and Mycroft reddish-brown hair, someone to play football with or dress up as princesses, someone to love unconditionally and feel loved in the same way, without the fear of losing him or her for a wrong word or a missed gesture.
But this time, before I could leave, Sherlock... He said the right thing and... -stopped John, unable to find the right words to explain what happened.
Harry let the silence fall again into the living room and focused on her drink, stealing a couple of biscuits from the saucer in the middle of the table.
Despite all the chaos his arrival had brought with him, Hamish was an innocent and helpless child that John felt the absurd impulse to protect.
-I've never seen you be so romantic with your exes- Sherlock commented.
Did he have to put an end to their working and personal relationship?
Mycroft took advantage of that moment of confusion to get away from the living room headed into the kitchen.
He had been replaced.
The smile on John's face got bigger, not at all upset or surprised that Sherlock had planned the next forty years of their lives, stroking a long muscular leg lazily  abandoned on him.
A sudden voice made them both jump, leading John to turn his gaze toward the bathroom door, where standing by the bathroom door Jack watched the scene before his eyes.
What would I do if you were dead? -
-So, I was thinking that if it's not a problem for you, we can spend Saturday together and maybe she can stay with you-
I promise I will try to make this meeting as enjoyable as possible.
-I'm glad you came-
He freed himself from the bathrobe he had tightened around his waist, throwing it in the dirty laundry basket and headed back to the room, where he quickly dressed in comfortable clothes.
For his part, Sherlock had focused his attention on Hamish, trying to improve his skills as a parent, taking long walks around London alternately explaining where they were, which ones were the best restaurants in that area, how many murders  had been committed in that neighborhood, how many had been solved thanks to his intervention and then starting a detailed description of the one he considered his "masterpiece".
-Mh… It sounds like a great idea-commented Sherlock, his eyes half closed, ready to succumb to sleep.
John froze.
Hands against the shoulder pad of the sofa, Sherlock kissed him again, with greater tenderness than before, moving slightly on his legs, causing a pleasant friction that led John to clench his fists in the expensive and delicate fabric of the detective's shirt, before he moved his hands to the front and start unbuttoning it.
He had always hated handshakes, too formal and impersonal, and saw no reason to offer one to a woman who had begun to radiate hostility since she had heard his name, and a little girl who would find her gesture stupid.
-Mycroft... You're home!  -Greg greeted him with a thread of voice from which he clearly displayed disbelief at the situation.
Shaking his head slightly to clear his mind of those flashbacks, Sherlock got up and went to sit next to John, decreasing the distance between them.
As far as I'm concerned, I consider myself lucky- John said, an insistent look fixed on the detective's face.
It had been a tiring day, like so many others, but what had made matters worse was the psychological pressure kindly offered, as usual, by Sherlock Holmes.
Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid
Finally, one last photograph: John with a man.
After you disappeared, he realized he didn't even have a picture of you, except for the ones in the papers, so he started taking pictures.
When had the other man arrived?
There were days when we didn't say a word to each other, but we kept following one another with our eyes when me or him went out of the room to make sure the other didn't go anywhere at any moment.
"They certainly didn't take me to Rome or Paris" he said.
During the march, John found himself blushing every time an attractive man not at all bothered by the presence of his kids had smiled or a winked at him; at other times he had to dispel the idea that he and Greg were a couple, thus having to explain that his partner was not with him because busy with work... Always better than telling the truth.
, a voice warned him instantly.
________________________________
"Until he starts crying, it's not a problem”.
The other man burst out laughing, clearly amused by the whole situation and for a couple of minutes the two men remained silent, focused on their own lunch.
A few hours later, hearing yet another knock on the door, he prepared to welcome a new patient, but was surprised when Sarah appeared on the doorstep.
I want sexual healing
I need to know that there will be someone to check out on him-
Entering the office, Greg turned to the farthest wall, where the writing desk was located, dark mahogany, so elegant and solid that it could survive even a bombing, two other chairs, these decidedly more comfortable, on the tones of the red wine, and an off fireplace  (probably the entrance to the secret passageway leading Mycroft to the Quartermaster's headquarters)
Angelo seemed unable to overcome the shock caused by the sudden reappearance of the detective, and John felt a feeling of empathy towards the rugged Italian restaurateur: no one better than him could understand what it felt like.
-Are you really asking my opinion on this?
-Oh really?- Sherlock asked, his voice dripping with sarcasm. -I might be a man who has no knowledge of the rules of dating, but even I can see the flaws in your reasoning!- Sherlock retorted.
But who could say that with Sherlock Holmes?
John gave him a tiny smile and remained a few moments in silence, reflecting on the situation in which he had found himself entangled despite himself.
You only have to look him in the face to understand what he's feeling - scolded Sherlock.
Besides, I think I am as fearful as Boss now... The only thing that has helped Baby Girl in recent months has been the baby, if anything happened and of asking Mycroft’s help, we would get the attention of Social Services, I don't think I could forgive him or myself-confessed John.
Before she became homeless, she was one of those high society girls who have no other aspirations than to marry a pompous and boring idiot of their own social class-started John.
-Hey John! I need your help-
-Good night John-
-Yes, yes! Uncle John promised to take me to the museum and to we’ll have lunch out...-the little girl immediately replied-Can we have popcorn? - He heard her ask for the next moment.
Emma grunted, clearly upset, and then glanced at Sherlock for help, but the man merely shrugged to tell her that in that situation he could be no help.
Molly moved around the worktable and stopped in front of him, leading him to lower his gaze to meet the woman's.
Sherlock nodded satisfied.
Sherlock shook his head vehemently.
"No one knows" John said, almost reading in Sherlock’s mind.
I'm a doctor, I was once a surgeon specializing in emergency medicine, and as you brilliantly inferred, I was a soldier.
If you only knew...-he almost added in a whisper.
-The "Pride" in Soho is one of his favorite clubs.
The man shrugged.
Sherlock answered with an embarrassed smile, giving a quick thought to how many times he had already smiled that day thanks to John's presence in the apartment, before shrugging his shoulders.
Mycroft had to think the same way given the way he had thinned his lips in a clear sign of disapproval and took a deep breath.
The red seatbelt signal went off a moment later and the man unfastened his own, sitting  motionless in his seat, as opposed to the bank manager sitting next to him who  hurried to double-check his papers for the thousandth time and to turn on its  iPhone, despite the express ban on hostesses.
Again in possession of her frosty control, Irene gave him a small smile.
If he considered that relationship too demanding, Sherlock could still leave and their friendship would come out relatively intact: they would have remembered those few moments of intimacy for the rest of their lives, but among them there would always be an invisible but impenetrable barrier.
But this situation was complicated and difficult to examine coldly: he still could not believe that a beautiful smile and a young body had been enough for Gregory to cheat on him, to jeopardize years of life in common, all their dreams of a future together.
"Black, two sugar" replied the other man, sitting in front of his microscope.
-Will you be together long enough so that I can meet this sex goddess? – added John with the same beaming smile Harry had gave him just few moments before.
-Really? -
The sound of footsteps on the stairs leading up to the apartment led Jack to approach the door to greet his two friends.
-Of course, you are! Otherwise how would you explain all this pain and sorrow? -asked the other man.
I tried amphetamines, I tried LSD, although I have to admit it wasn't a very wise choice given my hyperactive mind, and eventually I switched to heroin and then cocaine.
-Angelo's. We had dinner there the first night we met- Sherlock answered.
Sherlock smiled embarrassed.
"I promise you" he replied.
The super-technological and certainly traceable even offshore mobile phone, the clearly expensive shirts, almost as expensive as Mycroft's, and as if that weren't enough there was your reticence anytime someone approach you every time we went out together.
-He would never say yes-
Also, it's Friday-John added. -The best day for a date, especially if you hope to drag it until late in the evening. Or even Saturday morning…-
Leaving those thoughts behind he decided to ring it.
So I can watch "Doctor Who" on tv-she added smiling.
Smiling at him, John placed his hand on his left side, in a gesture neither too intimate nor too formal.
Sherlock had always tried to hide his drug-addicted past from the other man; it was part of his life, but from day one of  his main goal had been to hide from John the extent to which he had lowered himself in order to have a fix, the nights spent on the street, or that time when the overdose had been almost wanted, trying instead to fascinate John with his intelligence, his deductions and his work.
Sherlock let loose an ironic laugh.
That situation had to be resolved as soon as possible and the way Sherlock saw it sooner that child was gone from Baker Street, greater the chances of being forgiven by John were.
"Are these the days when he has a sleepover with Dr. Sawyer?" he asked, even if he knew deep inside that it wasn't the right answer.
-To be precise, he's ignoring me- answered Sherlock.
It was an image that hurt me, but I was convinced it was the right thing for you.
John sighed, at the same time eager to help his friend but not inclined to lie to his boyfriend.
-I'm sure they're going to solve their problems anytime soon.
-Since you're the one asking, yes.
-Oh... I thought you'd sleep at Harry's today, too- he said.
I think it's part of the healing path-.
Unconsciously or perhaps to protect his companion from the cold wind, Sherlock stepped forward, taking John in front of him, almost no distance between them, leading John to slightly raise his face to lower the difference and meet his look.
Why were Holmes men so afraid to face problems?
-Do you even realize what you've done? -
-Why did you come back? I thought I told you I didn't want anything to do with you anymore- he asked tired.
-Who?- John asked, focused on his work.
"They were right about you" Daniel said, causing Mycroft to freeze on the threshold of the room.
Why did Sherlock Holmes, the self-proclaimed sociopath, who had never needed anyone even in the darkest and most desperate moments of his life, find himself unable to let go of the wonderful and simple man in front of him?
The other shrugged.
For all these things and many more, Hamish will love you deeply, as if you were indeed his father and for this I will be forever grateful-concluded Irene.
At that moment, Sherlock increased the hold around John's waist luring him, if possible, even further closer to his body, reinforcing with that gesture the need he had for John, his desire to prove to everyone in that place that John was His, that from that moment on there would be no more one night stands.
I thought it would be better for Baby Girl if he wasn't here, plus Molly and Dimmock need to practice-answered Sherlock from the kitchen.
John would never do such  thing.
Determined and detached as only his "colleagues" of work had seen him so far, the British official crossed the threshold of the apartment he shared with his partner in Marylbone.
In response to those words, Sherlock snorted.
Sherlock thinned his lips, trying to control the answer he had on the tip of his tongue before answering.
The detective entered the living room quickly but had to stop at the doorway when he saw the figure sitting comfortably on the sofa.
-How did you meet Uncle John? -asked Emma again.
John was not ashamed to admit that probably without his sister, and the close circle of friends, he would not have come out of the black hole that had threatened several times to swallow him.
After spending a fantastic evening with John, and picking up Hamish from apartment 221A, he had spent a few hours playing the violin, helping his roommates’ sleep ahead of the next morning's London Zoo date, but apparently there really was a higher entity.
He looked around for an instant, until he found a blanket neatly folded on the back of an armchair and, balancing Hamish between one arm and the other, stretched it out on the carpet of the living room, then placed the child on his tummy.
Leaving Hamish with John had been a gamble: reckless, clearly improvised, but at that moment his instincts had prompted him to take the risk, as few other times in his life.
Suddenly Jack's words took on a new meaning: things were different from the last time Emma had come to see him.
-Seriously? -asked John clearly surprised.
Sherlock shook his head once more, rising to his feet, again full of nervous energy.
-Oh, really interesting... And tell me, from one junkie to another: how do you get your fix? -asked him the black-haired man in a conspirator tone.
How could he not understand it before?
"Okay" he said before leaving the kitchen.
At those words, John looked at him for a moment in silence, an expression incredulous on his face, which was almost immediately replaced by anger.
"I would have material to blackmail him for the rest of my life" John said with a wry smile, caressing the baby's hair, then making funny faces to make Hamish smile.
Moving those thoughts aside from his mind, he had focused on his work again until, after looking up to welcome yet another patient, he had met Jack’s familiar face.
It was only transport...-concluded at the end.
That clarification struck him: no one had ever been as proud of his qualifications as Sherlock, not even his parents.
Sherlock smiled naughtily.
This time it was John who remained silent, taking a moment to reflect: it had been obvious from the very first moment that their relationship was different from those that the detective had with Lestrade or Molly, although  he had never been able to understand what made it different.
-That’s my boy! - he said, provoking a new laugh in John, before he is pushing him away from himself.
More than once, John had found himself staring at the man with obvious surprise: he had always believed that Sherlock would be embarrassed or uncomfortable with Emma, but he had to quickly think again; watching the two interact would have been believed they had known each other for months if not for years, and not just for a few hours.
How could such insignificant mechanical action as sex ruin the relationship between him and John?
Sherlock could not avoid the pang of jealousy that materialized within himself to those words: John was HIS best friend!
Anyway, I agree with you: people have always made innuendos about us, the guys at the Yard have started betting again since your return, so if they have to keep talking let’s give them a reason – John added with a amused smile on his face.
I certainly don't have to tell you that, despite the evidence to the contrary and all the objections you might raise right now, you are the only person who can help Sherlock in this situation.
"It's nice to meet you, Mr. Watson” Sherlock said, taking his hand out of his pocket and carrying both of them behind his back.
It was when the couple found themselves on the roof that John began to feel a slight tremor in his lazily placed hand on Emma's shoulders, leading him to clenched it and reopened it several times trying to control the tremor.
-It seems that Hamish is not a morning person... He was in a bad mood until he had breakfast- Sherlock said, meeting the doctor's blue eyes.- Just like you-he added.
"I know, but it doesn't help me" he said.
-If it was up to me, I'd ask him to marry me.
Clearly annoyed, Sherlock freed the sweater from his grasp and took a few steps back, letting a frustrated groan slip through his slightly open lips.
John stared at him a few moments before laughing amused, his gaze low on the tip of his shoes.
Sherlock sighed.
Jack smiled wryly, before turning around and heading to the bathroom.
Until now, it had never been a problem, and he had never had to strive so hard... But never before had their relationship been so much in trouble.
-As soon as I turned Moran into the FBI's hands, I took a flight to London... and here I am-concluded Sherlock by placing his joint hands under the chin.
The only human being to interest him for more than an hour besides John; a companion and fighter with whom he had been able to fight on equal terms, allowing himself to be tempted by her intelligence and fascinated by her recklessness in the face of danger.
It was then that Sherlock carefully observed the woman and realized that Molly was also hiding something from him.
"I don't want to talk about it" he said, walking away from his mother "To be honest, I'd come to see you this week" he added, standing up and walking away from the table.
You always must rejoice in your own successes, especially those you get with effort and constant work- answered the other.
Mycroft sighed dryly.
-I have to go, or I'm going to be late for work.
-Why is that? Have you finally lost control and hid Anderson's body in this building?
On the short journey from the Zoo to Baker Street, Hamish had fallen asleep, his head dashed by the wool hat and once they entered their apartment, John helped Sherlock to free the baby from the baby carrier, coat and shoes and with extreme caution took him to the detective's room where the little boy's cot was.
See you around Greg-Daniel greeted him before turning his back on him and getting out of the diner.
"It took a while to overcome his inhibitions, the fear of displays of affection in public, and my fear of not being enough, but in the end, we reached a balance- Greg admitted.
"Now it's my turn" Daniel said suddenly.
A man who had loved the same woman all his life, despite disagreements and arguments, managing to avoid the danger of monotony and without being tempted by the novelties and dangers of the outside world; a man who had remained with his partner until the very last and who now missed her every day.
He wouldn't let Mycroft tear him apart...
So why not face it with full stomach?
"How about listening to some music, instead of the moans of a poor fool?" he asked, placing Hamish back on the tartan and standing up to the stereo system.
-Is that so? -
So many times, imagining his return, Sherlock had to deal with that possibility; he had long considered the options, wondering what he would find on his return, considering also the possibility that during his absence John had found someone else.
"Sooner or later I'll go and see her," Sherlock said distractedly, watching the countryside run away of the window.
-Wow...-
But no one could ever fully comprehend the relationship between him and John.
"I think we have a problem then" said his father.
That situation was fucking complicated!
"What will happen when our relationship is no longer enough?" he asked in the usual pragmatic tone with which he dealt with the country's problems.
John approached the man and with the typical attention of inexperience, he closed his arms around Hamish's body and pulled him against himself approaching the empty chair in front of Mycroft.
A bitter smile appeared on John's lips.
-What?- Daniel exclaimed in disbelief- Are you fucking mental? -
-And I have no reason to believe otherwise.
The detective had left the choice to him, it was clear from his words that he would wait years if John would ask him.
The last thing I want is for her to be a spoiled child, as I was before she arrived...- Baby Girl commented with the hint of a smile on her lips that also infected the doctor. - I want her to be kind to everyone and polite and that she always knows, at all times, that she is surrounded by people who love her and who will always be by her side-
The detective looked up from the cell phone screen and looked genuinely confused.
-Yes, but I'd beg you not to deduce it and leave me alone... I already have too many things on my mind to fight even with you-had commented Greg.
The detective swallowed and slightly moved his head until he met John's gaze, his eyes slightly blurred.
"I understand your reticence John, probably if I found out that Gregory has a son from a previous relationship, I'd break up our association in an instant" the British official said.
He was sitting at his desk, trying to focus on yet another report, when outside the door of his office he felt a slight commotion that he did not take much notice: probably Donovan and Anderson had found another reason to quarrel; the situation between them had remained tense after the end of their relationship and almost every day the two  were at each other’s throat.
-At the time I didn't give much weight to it, but in the last few years I started to notice some unexpected things.
It was just another day... Nothing different from the thousand and ninety-five days gone by.
-I know.
Despite the mask of indifference that Sherlock habitually wore, John could clearly see the various emotions that animated the detective: the joy of being the three of them together, the uncertainty of not knowing, for the first time, how to behave in John’s presence, the fear that this was only a special occasion due to Hamish's presence.
-Is that your way of saying dad? Or are you trying to say I’m right? -John asked.
When John went out that night, Sherlock had ignored him, diving into the music of his own violin, despite feeling the doctor's gaze on himself like a sniper rifle: he was aware that it wouldn’t take much, just a slight nod from John and Sherlock would blow all his plans.
He knew what the result of the examination would be: he had  lost almost twenty-five pounds in those years, replacing fat with muscles, he also had bleached  his black hair in a reddish color that led him to twist his mouth every time he had the opportunity to look in a mirror and the deep dark circles under his blue eyes make them pop out even more.
- Last time we went to the National History Museum; you spent all your time reading me the information tags! - she reminded him.
For one evening, Mycroft Holmes had decided to devote a couple of hours to himself and his partner.
Nonetheless, Sherlock had decided that John Watson was the person without whom he was unable to function normally, the missing piece of his soul and after spending three years away, now he seemed unable to be without him even for one night.
"What happened, darling?" she asked, a new sweet tone in her voice.
"When are you going home?" Sherlock asked for the second time.
-It's highly unlikely that John saw the press conference because he was busy at his "beloved" clinic...-
-The guy who found the body had sex with John while your brother was away and Sherlock was dying with jealousy... They had a big fight until John finally decided to end things between them.
You will hear so many bad comments and so many lies about him, but you do not listen to it; your father is rude ninety percent of the time, incredibly savvy, especially when he knows he's right, and it can make you angry even with a simple question.
In all its calm beauty, Mycroft Holmes was sitting on the couch, a file on his legs and another on the tea table not far away, his mobile phone set up to the right of the latter ready to use.
(Frank Sinatra-What now,my love?)
He took off his scarf, jacket and shoes, took care to tuck his cell phone into one of the trouser pockets and then made his way to the kitchen.
-Hello Baby Girl, how are you?
But John had never wanted anyone but Sherlock; all the others were just a pale imitation unable to entice his attention for more than a couple of hours.
"We decided together that you would start slowly... - recalled Lestrade, not at all impressed by the detective's attitude.
-Keep your voice down!- John immediately scolded her, acknowledging the symptoms of embarrassment in her voice and face.
-Like a baby.
" and John smiled, thinking that if the woman was present she would probably burst into tears or faint with emotion, but no one deserved that title more than Molly,  considering everything she had done for the detective before his disappearance.
Looking at a photo of his smiling parents, John felt a knot in his throat...
The man nodded and smiled.
-I'm glad you're here Sherlock-she said.
Sherlock looked at Hamish's face, already so alike to his own, and smiled as he met the child's eyes, before caressing his black curly hair.
The living room bore the most obvious evidence of this, with various baby clothes abandoned on the sofa shoulder pad, a small swing between the sofa and Sherlock's armchair, at a safe distance from the tea table, toys scattered around the floor and a soft carpet with a music box of rag animals.
After grabbing his cane, John followed her down the hallway leading to the waiting room.
Mycroft smiled coldly.
"Who's the mother?" asked Greg again, genuinely curious, sitting on the right armrest of the couch.
-But I know Sherlock, I'm one of the few who really knows him, and I know that if I gave him another chance and he let me down again, there will be nothing left of me- answered John honest.
-How...-asked dumbfounded Lestrade.
Things did not improve in the following days.
The doctor shrugged.
With the note still in his hand, he dropped on the sofa next to the wicker basket, his fingers in his hair.
Your phantom presence will be too overwhelming for anyone...I'm the one who told Jack about you.
John nodded.
It was clear that he did not want to leave him alone, and John nodded appreciating the offer and its implications.
Clearly upset by what had happened in the living room, the detective dropped himself like dead weight on his bed, fighting against the desire to smoke.
He knew that the man was surrounded by capable and competent people (Anthea in the first place) who would give their lives to prevent something from happening to the British official, but Greg was never completely serene until Mycroft was home again.
Greg stared at him for a few moments, clearly eager to add something, before stiffening his jaw muscles by exhaling noisily from his nose and nodding.
John approached the shower and opened the water, then began to undress.
Then, like an afterthought, an idea crossed his mind.
Could you please explain to your employee that this table is reserved for us?
Sherlock was ready, sure of his arguments...
"I agree with you, but the common courtesy requires me to say it-- agreed Mycroft.
-Difficulty in finding a place where wealthy people practiced S&M? - he teased him.
Did he have to pretend nothing happened or did he have to brought it up?
Sherlock stayed in the apartment just to take a shower and wear clean clothes.
He just had to wait and think about what words to use to be forgiven by Gregory.
"Mycroft told me that you had some health problems" he told her.
Last night John had behaved exactly as he would have done with one of his conquests, with some important changes of course, but the same attention he had focused on Sherlock had been directed (and appreciated) so many times before in the past by different men and women.
He needed to see with his own eyes, to experience on his own skin the difference between the man he knew, and the one unknown to him.
They seemed on the verge of having sex on the floor...-she said, slowly shaking her head before walking towards the door as well.
-Hey Misha! Look how smart you are... You're going to make your dad look bad- John said with a smile in his voice, stroking Hamish’s hands.
John let a nervous laugh go, in his mind the memory of the first words Sherlock had used to describe Mycroft.
"Why did you stop last night? “he asked, avoiding unnecessary preambles.
-How did you explain to her that, even though you had two bedrooms, you slept on the couch every time she was a guest here? -he asked John again, gathering information with a quick glance.
Mycroft turned slightly, looking at the pathetic figure trying to tuck his jeans without putting pressure on his right side.
It's the experience you remember for the rest of your life... Especially since he never goes with the same person twice-
-Well, now what do you say we go ahead with the visit? - John asked.
In his relationship with Sherlock, John had found everything he wanted, even willing to give up sex for the rest of his life if this represented a problem in their "friendship".
"Was it the need to do your part for Queen and the country that made you join the Army?" asked the detective, never turning his gaze away from the blonde man’s face.
"It’s impossible" he muttered.
Those days when the young man had been a guest in their apartment had been the strangest of his life: usually when Mycroft was away for a business trip, the big house they shared was even bigger and immersed in silence, leading him to prefer the perpetual noise of his office at Scotland Yard, despite the fact that the sofa was not at all comfortable.
-But with those pills, I can make good exchanges. Look at this blanket!
Two days after returning to Baker Street, John had taken Hamish with him to the clinic for a check-up, to make sure everything was in order: the child had made Sarah and the nurses who had taken care of him fall in love, filling John with unexpected pride.
He has a hickey on his neck, done no later than thirty-six hours ago" he added.
John,
-Nothing. Look, maybe I can explain to you how the poison went into circulation, but not now- John replied.
John was a very good friend... But he could turn into the worst enemy if what he loved most was threatened or endangered.
John forgot the tea for a few moments and let himself be lulled, his eyes closed for a few moments, forgetting where he was and how ambiguous it would have seemed that exchange if a colleague had entered the room suddenly.
Sincerely overwhelmed for the avalanche of information that had invested him, Sherlock allowed himself a few moments of silence to process and catalogue them.
He already knew you weren't an innocent soul... - Irene commented ironic.
Sherlock's thumb, still clenched in his hand, moved slightly starting to caress his knuckles, in an intimate and reassuring gesture, as if he wanted to bring him back to reality, reminding him that at that moment John was there with him, in a restaurant of London and that all was well.
Or the way he decided it would be just the two of them for the next 40 years without even consulting him?
-You and Sherlock have funny names- she said.
"Look at me" the man said before kissing John again.
"You're not the type who give a lot of self-information" he said.
John chuckled.
Sherlock's gaze had moved quickly around the room, finding solace in the old furniture and what had remained the same during his absence and coming to terms with what had changed.
When the apartment door was locked behind him, John glanced at Jack and brushed his hand over his face, trying to ward off tiredness.
By the time John returned home, speaking to Hamish, he had proclaimed himself Daddy; Sherlock was happy and satisfied that the man wanted an active and lasting role in the child's life, but why had he chosen a title that had always been of the birth father?
Makes me feel so fine”
John nodded slowly as he looked at the girl, although it was clear to the detective that he was still worried.
The doctor observed the restaurant: a white facade, on which stood a blue curtain that would shelter customers from the rain or the sun, the entire wall that overlooked the road (
-You're right-
The direct attack had always brought him results, and he was sure that in this case, it would certainly improve the situation between them.
Lady Violet nodded, smiling again.
As usual, John had sat in his own chair and spent the rest of the afternoon immersed in the thriller paperback of the week, interrupting himself only to turn on the light placed next to Sherlock's chair as the evening progressed.
Wrong.
He had spent the last three years of his life cleaning up the apartment every week to avoid any possible interference in his life from Mycroft, yet he had managed to meddle in something extremely personal, the last private moment he had had with Sherlock.
John nodded slowly.
Two equally severe eyes met Mycroft’s, reinforcing in him the certainty that in another life the young man would be a perfect secret agent.
Overwhelmed by the intensity he had seen so often in another pair of eyes, John swallowed, trying to get rid of the knot that had formed in his throat, addressing a loving smile to the child.
It’s been a while since the last visit from the British government" he answered going for levity.
______________________________
It wasn't really happening!
John shook his head and passed the volume to Lestrade who glanced at the cover before returning to stare at the two men.
-Where does this music come from?- Sherlock asked stopping halfway between the bathroom and the living room.
The woman took a sip from her beer and reflected for a few moments, the three men's attention on her, before shrugging her shoulders.
Oh, and the award for the best liar
He and Harry had never been on good terms: ever since they were children, his sister had taken advantage of the few years of difference between them to treat him like her little slave until John was old enough to rebel.
The little girl chuckled.
John was clinging on to his anger with his teeth and his nails, categorically refusing to listen to reason: how far could they go on that way?
"Shut up Greg" said John, now free from Sherlock's reassuring embrace, staring at his friend, before taking the few steps to get closer to the inspector and overtake him to get back into the shed, followed a few moments by Greg.
John approached him, heedless of the wet floor that socked his pants instantly and placed a loud kiss on his lips before searching again for his boyfriend’s ice-blue eyes.
Greg nodded.
I PROMISE that I'll post the last chapters as soon as I have a new chapter; I hope you don't hate me too much!
I could lie and say that song started suddenly, as soon as you turned on the stereo, but we both know you choose it.
"Here he is! He is the Doctor," Emma told Sherlock, pointing to the skinny boy with the bowtie on the screen.
Those words managed to shatter the playful atmosphere that the two brothers had created, bringing John back to the present and reminding him why he was there and not in Baker Street.
The driver, seeing the assault on his person and the crutch he tried to keep firmly planted on the ground to avoid falling, got out of the car and helped him climb in, before driving away from the reporters.
Before he met Greg, Mycroft Holmes would never have thought of eating his meals on the living room couch when a perfectly functioning table awaited them in the dining room, yet Gregory had made him realize that certain rigid "formalities" could be set aside when they were alone, leaving room for a spontaneity entirely alien from the older Holmes.
This certainly won’t do! The only solution was to re-enter his role and label that mistake as an oversight.
John had been convinced for years that dominatrix was dead, so why bring down that certainty for someone he would never meet again?
"This is my favorite version of you" Greg said, leaning against the door jamb, his arms folded against his chest.
-We all have secrets. You just need to know where to look for them.
-Then you're going to have to explain to our passport office why you were on the airstrip of an international airport with a fake passport.
Fortunately, Mrs. Hudson seemed intent on getting him to recover the pounds he lost by forcing him to eat at least once a day, despite protests over how digestion slowed his mental processes.
-I thought plans had changed, given the Sherlock’s return- Greg explained.
-Ok, but I'm sure you'd like to... I'm just asking you to be patient, and I promise you that over time I'll be able to say it out loud- John promised.
I'm really happy that our children inherited his wisdom and ingenuity...-she said as if it were a thought more for herself than for John-He was a data analyst at the Park during World War II...-
" so that message must have been sent by someone who knew him personally.
We're both important in John's life…-
"About what?" asked the doctor, as alarm bells rang in his brain.
I think they first bonded for their common past in the Army, then they... they liked each other and became...-
The first thought that popped to John's mind when he laid his eyes on Holmes House was that he had suddenly ended up in a movie, expecting at any moment to see Hugh Grant open the door.
"I've already had breakfast and I've had an appointment with some old friends in an hour, where more tea will be served, so I better leave some space" he said, sitting down at the table anyway.
Just then a pop song broke the silence of the living room causing them to jolt.
-What's her story? -he asked him certain that John would immediately understand who he was referring to, so as not to leave time for his brain to process more of that unexpected and weird thought.
"Are you all ready to go?” Greg asked then after a few short moments of silence, as he looked around the living room and at the man standing by the window.
However, he could not deny that there was a substantial part of John's life that he completely ignored.
Sherlock remained silent, not knowing what to say or do in response to that spontaneous gesture of affection.
When you two were together there was a harmony, an intimacy that only two ideal lovers have; I noticed it too despite my unhealthy crush for you! -she added.
Most of the time he just stayed by the bar, chatting with me or Greg and drinking his beer.
He had become weak.
In a single elegant move, Sherlock rose from the couch and made his way to the bathroom, opening the door more and then stealing a look inside and immediately encountering the little girl's gaze.
"Listen to me carefully because I'm only going to say it once: what I did or how I chose to live my life while you were around the world doesn't concern you.
You told me you were born in a small town, you talked about your sister... And I can tell from your posture that you've had some kind of military training-replied Sherlock, a dry smile on his face.
Jack’s fingers caressed him softly an arm, trying to calm him down, to bring him back to reality, to reassure him that despite what had just happened, there would always be someone ready to pick up the pieces and help him move forward.
John looked down on his own hands; he had expected such a question, but this did not prevent his heart from beating quickly or his hands from turning clammy.
-Jack, darling! – greeted him Mrs. Hudson letting him in to the hall.
He had lied to him, telling him that things had settled down between them, that he had nothing to worry about their relationship, then turn to that hustler for his sexual needs.
As Greg always did, he had sat him down and then lay on the couch on his back, his head on Mycroft’s knees, a hand clenched in that of the British official.
Sherlock followed him, clearly annoyed by his last sentence and stopped him, grasping John’s left arm.
He clasped his fingers around the door handle and simply turned it to the right, certain it wasn't locked: Sherlock never locked the door of the apartment.
He made love with Sherlock Holmes.
"A distraction" Sherlock reflected.
The boy frowned slightly, clearly confused.
After a night of sleeping, Sherlock was awakened by the sound of a text on his mobile phone; and it was that text that brought him there, sitting at a Speedy's coffee table with a cup of black coffee in front of him, his gaze fixed on the front door.
Physically she had remained the same, with the exception of her  hair, now shorter and under control, but she had become a stronger and more confident woman and Sherlock found himself wondering if it was due to the "mission" in which she had found herself involved or if it had something to do with Detective Dimmock.
John looked down on the ground, aware that he had the eyes of all the officers on the spot fixed on him and tightened his grip more around the handle of his cane.
John let out an incredulous sigh that he had unknowingly restrained and took two steps in the hallway toward his father.
"Can I stay here for another couple of hours?" he asked.
He took off his coat as well, hanging it neatly by the door, and went to meet him, staying a short distance from the black-haired man.
-It started right after Baskerville.
The man sitting in seat A6, despite being seated by the window, avoided looking at the view outside of the porthole; after all, what would be different from so many other airports, other countries he had visited in the last three years?
- Her voice, the sweet and reassuring way she had to hold me in her arms.
But now everything was different...
I'm Rory Williams-answered Sherlock, before standing up and walking towards one of the hallways.
- He must have practiced a lot during your partnership, because you never understood his true feelings in 18 months.
Caught by surprise from that thought, John shook his head, interrupting the kiss and hiding his face in Sherlock's unbuttoned shirt, kissing the Adam's Apple and the hollow of his throat, trying to remove images of a similar situation from his mind, of a place far away in time,  maybe in a back alley, where an equally disheveled Sherlock let himself enjoy Irene’s attentions.
If he pulled back now, after the first attempt, Sherlock would have closed up like a hedgehog and ceased all attempts and brought their relationship back on a purely working level and John would have regretted that missed opportunity for the rest of his life.
-Can you try to be serious? If I wanted sarcastic jokes I would have gone to Mycroft- Sherlock observed clearly annoyed.
For a few moments the two men remained silent, aware that they were on the edge, suspended between the known shore of their friendship and the unexplored one of a possible romantic relationship.
-Because this is what friends do: they make you part of their lives, even for the stupidest and most insignificant things...
All that seemed fundamental, useful to keep his brain alive had become irrelevant: despite the annoying and at the same time reassuring nature of the good doctor, Sherlock had found a living puzzle, always at his disposal, that in the eighteen months he had shared with the doctor had always proved unsolvable.
John had to let him explain... He had to!
You are the only person I have ever loved- he confessed brutally sincere.
-Not yet, but I'm sure he's will be when it's John's turn.
What did John expect? What did John want from that meeting?
- You may have saved my life from a sniper, Sherlock but at the same time you pulled the trigger yourself.
From the moment he had ended his phone call with Greg, he had assumed that it would be one of Mycroft's many minions, given his request that to pick up Hamish should come one of Mycroft’s most trusted man, so opening the front door he expected to see  Anthea, ready to take a quick glance at the child before looking back at her Blackberry and the many secrets it hold.
Apparently, he was wrong.
Hamish made another guttural sound that John clearly interpreted as a sign of assent and laughing he kissed Hamish’s black hair.
-Why are there skeletons hanging from the ceiling?- she asked, pointing to them.
In the eighteen months they had lived together, the times Sherlock had mentioned his mother could be counted on the tips of one hand: John knew that both Holmes men were very close to the woman, despite during their childhood  she had  not been present because of her work, leaving much of their education to nannies and their father.
I'm still standing.
Breathing noisily, John moved away from the detective and turned around, shifting the weight of his body on his knees long enough to get rid of the his t-shirt, before straddling Sherlock’s lap, wrapping his arms on Sherlock’s shoulders, bending his head down to meet once again his lover’s lips.
Sherlock rubbed the tip of his nose against the hot spot behind his ear, a hand on his chest on John’s heart, as if he wanted to control John's pulse.
-Too bad I didn't take advantage of it during when you were straight! -she complained.
Ever since the man returned to Baker Street, John had thrown himself headlong into the new role of parent learning quickly how to change a diaper, how to bathe Hamish without flooding the bathroom (as had happened to Sherlock the first times), and had managed several times to calm the little one during his tantrums thanks to small affectionate gestures and the reassuring and calm sound of his voice.
Greg paused and stood still for a few moments, fighting the impulse to punch him in front of his subordinates.
-Of course not! Food, mainly.
In fact, we’d better get in before it gets too full of kids-John commented ironic.
John put his left hand to his face and covered his eyes rubbing them vigorously.
The clothes were always the same, the jeans discolored at his knees, the green jacket from which he glimpsed the neck of a sweater and the usual flat shoes.
One slightest mistake and despite Boss's trust in me, she would have disappeared or refused any further checkups, further complicating the situation.
"I don't think 00 agents usually walk the aisles for the public" said Anthea, her nose back in the BlackBerry.
-Do you?
A lifetime ago...
Once again Mycroft nodded.
It was only when he found himself in the center of the living room that his peripheral vision recorded Mycroft's presence in the flat; what left him winded was the bundle in Mycroft’s arms.
-The day I finally got my hands on Moran was one of the happiest days of my life-commented Sherlock.
"And you said I was the charming one…" John said, while with one hand he gently stroked a pale cheek.
Most of the time he goes alone, but  it happened that he was accompanied by Gregory...-
We are his parents and that’s why Irene entrusted him to us: I can already imagine him perfectly, this curly-haired lanky boy with my intelligence and your charisma.
"What the hell…” he said, shocked.
Perhaps for that very reason, on Friday night John Watson, returning from work, after a shower and with the classic cup of tea artfully placed on the armrest of his own chair, met his gaze for the first time in six days.
"That's not what you think little brother" Mycroft told him without hiding his amused smile.
Sherlock took his eyes off Hamish's face and pointed it at the woman.
-A transaction ended badly: a customer wanted something, he got it, but eventually refused to pay.
-My brother is called Mycroft- Sherlock started explaining without giving John time to ask something else- So my parents when I was born gave me a simple and boring name hoping to make things easy for me-
_____________________________
Although John couldn't wait to live that experience, he had put aside his lusty desires in the last few days (despite Sherlock having gone out of his way to tease him), because a part of him did not feel comfortable about having sex with Hamish in the room.
Without knocking Sherlock opened the office door and entered.
But my family made various donations to the museum...-Sherlock added almost overthought.
-I'm sure, dear- Mrs. Hudson interrupted him.
The detective approached him and for a few minutes they walked in silence, until they arrived in a narrow and smelly alley; the boy held his back against a wall and stared at him.
-What is it? What are you all hiding from me?
__________________________________
"Indeed" said the other man, a smile in his voice.
-Oh Greg, one more thing!
I want to find you next to me in my bed every morning, even when I've been up all night staring at my periodic table, arguing with you about my diet, and I need you to be next to me to tell me when I'm misbehaving with clients or to point out that my deductions are brilliant- he said sincerely as he could be only with John.
"You always have to have a few aces up your sleeve" said the black-haired man, a hint of a smile bending his lips.
It was when the Tardis appeared on screen that Sherlock could not hold back his questions further.
Moreover, it was important for Greg to know that the person charged with protecting Mycroft was highly qualified and, if necessary, a ruthless war machine.
He looked away from the door and there, standing on the sidewalk in front of his parents' house, he found Sherlock Holmes in all its glory: a pair of black trousers, a grey shirt covered almost certainly by a hidden black jacket from the expected coat.
Sherlock let out a short chuckled, lowering his head until he laid his forehead against John's, without making a move to untie the embrace.
The limousine stopped and giving a quick glance at the view outside the window, Mycroft saw the silhouette of their house: the lights in the living room were on, confirming Gregory's presence inside.
Are we clear? -he added with his "Captain Watson" voice.
The doctor wrapped the sleeve around the girl's arm and turned on the machine that would control both the pressure and the heartbeats.
The man shrugged.
He turned on the light in the bedroom and once again looked around, looking at the tailoring suit folded neatly on an armchair to the right of the bed, the Egyptian cotton sheets perfectly pulled and the various photos placed on the dresser or hanging on the walls, which portrayed the couple.
Moments later the door of the apartment opened and Mycroft, perfectly comfortable in one of his three-piece suits, appeared on the doorstep.
When they parted, that atmosphere of uncertainty that had accompanied their conversation so far had finally disappeared and John smiled happily as he returned to hide his face in Sherlock's warm chest, still reluctant to loosen that connection and the detective had to think the same way as Sherlock closed again his arm around John’s waist and pressed him against his chest, caressing his back.
From the beginning Sherlock was fascinated by the calm and peaceful appearance of the doctor under whom lurked a violent stream, ready to explode at the first sign of danger.
The new normal sucked!
After stripping off his coat and taking off his shoes, the doctor placed the takeaway bag on the kitchen table and walked to the bathroom, slowly opening the door.
Emma stared at him in silence, clearly dissatisfied, until Sherlock leaned forward, both elbows on his knees, and met the little girl's gaze.
Sherlock swallowed hearing the possessive tone in the other man's voice.
-Personally, I think you should have moved your stuff to my room from the day you came home a couple of weeks ago... Also for a matter of convenience: we would have avoided cleaning both rooms-added almost carelessly.
How can I help you? - he asked.
This time it was John's turn to roll his eyes upwards, before returning serious, fighting with himself for a few moments before asking the next question.
Come on John, admits it- Sherlock teased him.
He explained in detail how he had infiltrated Moriarty's criminal network several times, dismantling cell after cell, resorting to force when the situation demanded it and how Sebastian Moran, Moriarty's right-hand man and killer assigned to John, had managed several times to escape him thus prolonging his return home.
Something that awakened an unpleasant memory in his mind and that brought the detective back to a period of their life that he believed was over forever.
The future he had imagined, dreamed, that he had come to believe possible only twenty-four hours ago would be crushed as soon as John got up.
-Donovan! -la riprese Greg.
-I play the violin in the early hours of the morning... It helps me organize my thoughts and relaxes me- Sherlock explained as if it were the most natural thing inthe world.
"Okay, luckily it all went well" he said, standing up and giving the printed pictures to Boss.
John returned to look at the package: it was simple, wrapped in brown paper with transparent scotch,  but what it struck him was the handwriting with which his name had been written.
His hope was that he would not meet Mrs. Hudson, at least for a couple of hours, but he had to think again instantly: he had just closed the front door that the woman came out into the vestibule.
"Have you ever held Hamish since he arrived?" asked the woman, a thoughtful expression on her face.
“Johnny you're my son, there's always going to be a place for you here if you need it, but this isn't your home” Mr. Watson said, interrupting mid-sentence.
-Of course Gregory... It's  just that sometimes I wish I had a forty-eight hours day for all the things I have to take care of- he said, trying to reassure him.
John had hoped to have enough time to prepare for that meeting, but Lady Holmes had asked him to accompany her to the upstairs library, as if she was afraid of getting lost in the numerous rooms of the house.
