“Sabotaging you?! Have you even read the newspapers? They don’t call him the bull’s-eye killer for nothing Sherlock. That man is the best marksman the military has ever trained and from that distance it was hardly a challenge for him to plant a bullet right between your eyes! I saved your life you git!” John barked angrily. Couldn’t Sherlock see that all he’d done this night was trying to protect him? For God’s sake he loved Sherlock more than anything in this world, he meant more to him than his own life. He would never be able to forgive himself if Sherlock was hurt when he could’ve done something about it.
Sherlock tried to keep it together but everything was swimming before him.. His vision kept going in and out of focus and he was so horrible dizzy.. The earth was shaking, or was it just himself? It was impossible to tell.. He felt a hot, disgustingly wet trail going all the way up the side of his neck. He tried to pull away from it, but the wetness followed. When it finally left his neck however, it thrusted forcefully into his slack mouth and proceeded into a onesided wrestling match with his tongue. He almost vomited from the feeling... He blearily registered a bruising force, that was holding him up against a cold, rough surface behind him.. When the wiggling wetness left his mouth, his head fell to the side and he actually did vomit a small bit. Suddenly a frightfully brute force connected with his left cheek, whipping his head to the other side. Now the whole left side of his face was burning and his ears were ringing, his dizziness even worse than before if that was possible..
Sherlock held Charlie’s gaze and steadily answered. “Tell you what, if that really should be the case, I’ll make sure that you can come and live with me and John.”
Sherlock and John both ran over as Lestrade was placed on the stretcher. Some of the officers tried to stop them but Sherlock was having none of it;
“I.. I apologize. John is right, you didn’t technically do anything wrong. Arguing is not helpful for our current situation. We need to find Lestrade and therefor I need every price of information and data you’ve gotten so far, no matter how small or insignificant you think it is. For the beginning though, draw me the big picture and show me the video that you received this evening.” Sherlock said finally with more composure than he felt, but he needed to pull himself together. For Lestrade.
“No my friend the pleasure is entirely mine! How lovely you have found each other. I dreamt of the day my dear boy here would find that special someone who would complete his harmony. I hope you bring each other much happiness.”
Sherlock did as he was told and took a seat at the sergeant’s desk and eyed the monitor. The video file open at the screen ready to be played. John and Sally stood at each side of the chair to look over his shoulder. John’s arms were crossed, his face one of pinched calmness, but his eyes burning with rage towards the bastards who was keeping his mate. Sally was biting her thumbnail, a nervous habit she’d always kept in the years Sherlock had known her. She’d seen the video several times already of course, but that didn’t keep the unpleasant and upset look of her face, visibly not looking forward to watching it again.
“He’s at the at the old Millennium Mills warehouse. He’s really out of it. I’m afraid of what he might do this time.” Dexter said as he followed down, pulling on the jacket without comment.
“Yeah, that’d be great Greg, thank you.” John said as he tried to hide his yawn, unsuccessfully. Sherlock nodded his agreement, even he feeling tired at this point.
“Mycroft owed me a favour after that last royal scandal I helped him to keep under the radar. I figured this would be an appropriate time to make use of it.” Sherlock confirmed with a smile, knowing from the way John looked at him how much the gesture meant to the man.
André hadn’t even seemed to notice John had been there until now, though John didn’t blame him. It wasn’t every day you got reunited with old friends.
John tightened his protective hold around Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped for a moment in shock, that sounded like Sally Donovan. But in all the years Sherlock had known her he’d never heard or seen the woman cry or beg for anything. It seemed utterly out of character for the usually stoic and proud, even if often annoying, woman. The desperate sobbing picked up once again and Sherlock quickly pulled out of his shocked state and followed the sound in a run the last of the way. The sounds let him to stand in front of the Yard’s supply room, it was clear it came from behind the door. Sherlock pulled at the handle testing, finding it locked as he suspected before calling out;
Sherlock took a deep breath as he made up his mind, he can’t leave Molly in this state and God knows he owes her big from all the times she’s helped him. It’s time he return some of the favours. “Let me help you then. I’m more than capable to help with the biopsy analyses, I’m sure I’ll be a proficient assistant doing autopsies and I can fill out paperwork as well as any.” He says with an optimistic air and even offers an encouraging smile in the end.
“Anyway, we had to finish this damned paper, so we met again. Victor instantly started to feel me up. I pushed him away. I had no words. Eventually I managed to tell him that we should concentrate on our project. He leered, rolled a joint and started smoking while I leafed through our books and hurried up to finish the equations.” Sherlock's voice is thin, teetering for a short moment on the brink of hysterical giggling. “It was surreal. Victor started to touch himself. He got his penis out and...” Sherlock closes his eyes, shutting out the world as he relives that moment. His voice is very small and low. “I was confused. I told him to stop. He just smirked. He babbled away, fantasising about us moving to London after we'd finished school. His parents had a flat there. It was ridiculous.”
----------
God, I long for you to touch me, to put your mouth on me and do wicked things to me. There are some pretty boys around, offering their services, but I can't... I don't want to debase myself. In the end, it comes down to money exchanged for services rendered. Pathetic.
Beta'd in record time by the oh so talented
On the other hand, the blackout has its advantages. The dark streets make some encounters much easier. For someone who's used to move in the shadows, it seems like the natural habitat. John has never been one for frequenting public conveniences or theatre foyers, and therefore had been a little shocked when he’d been picked up for the first time while waiting on the kerb to cross the street. A man had stepped up behind him, touched his behind, and whispered a street corner just a short walk away into his ear. John had initially frozen, then feared blackmail or a robbery, but still, he’d followed the siren call, ending up pushed against a grimy alley wall with his trousers around his ankles, while a faceless stranger had swallowed him down until he'd come with a bitten off cry.
“Well, do as you please. I hope you don’t mind…?” John proffers. At the rustling of fabric, Sherlock turns his head, only to catch John pushing a hand inside his own boxers. He seems to be in much the same state as Sherlock but has much less trouble dealing with it. John's right hand is gripping his hard cock, gently stroking, while his left peels his pants off to fully free his erection for better access. Clever fingers rub his foreskin back and forth over the glans, revealing a glistening fat head; Sherlock licks his lips as he watches John's fist speed up.
Ok, here we go. There has been so much hurt, despair and darkness - but now they'll finally make good. Thank you all for staying with me and this story for so long! I'll hope you enjoy...
When he looks up at Sherlock it is quite clear that he is at least as affected as John. His body is glistening with sweat, his eyes are closed and dark curls stick to his temple and forehead as he rocks his body against John's. The moan that escapes John is lewd and low and suddenly Sherlock's eyes fly open to watch.
We just got our papers. I'll be posted with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Whatever that means. We'll learn more tomorrow. A few of the other blokes have been commandeered to the same battalion. They are nice enough chaps, good company. Not as smart as you, of course. God, I miss you. I'd really like to know what you could tell me about my comrades or the officers! Who drinks too much, who has a gambling habit, who meets his mistress in High Wycombe...
"Dubious! Didn't you ask her some questions? Stupid! Enquired after her motifs, her name, her association with John, SOMETHING? ANYTHING?" Sherlock glares down at the old woman, who just tuts at him.
Sherlock simply gives a curt nod. “Back home. Mummy's sleeping pills and Daddy's Courvoisier. But I just got sick and threw up. Amateurish...” Sherlock sniffs.
John has the best intentions to return to the flat straight after his shift but it's a very busy day at the clinic. Nevertheless, he sends a few texts to Sherlock in between patients but he doesn't deign to answer. John can sense him vehemently sulking, even at this distance.
John's knees go week and he has to extent one hand to the bedside cabinet to steady himself.
The elder Holmes seems to sense that and smiles. “Before you judge me, please listen. I'm neither a prude nor am I prejudiced. I've known my brother all his life, being seven years his senior. Therefore, I was always aware of his orientation. Believe me when I say I don't mind at all. Who my brother takes to bed is none of my business.” John wants to say something but a small gesture from Sherlock's brother quiets him. “If he'd just be a little more discreet. You are aware of what happened at Dunkirk?”
“John?”
Sherlock takes a case that might end up a bit close to home - but at least it's a welcome distraction, resolving some of the tension that has been building up in 221b over the past few days.
John spreads his legs even wider; pulling his knees up as he tries to insert a third finger but it's too much. He almost screams as he squirts thick streaks of come from his cock, dripping down his fist. Sherlock watches in fascination as John's hole flutters and contracts around his fingers, while his thighs tremble and quiver. He seems to come for an entire minute.
“Nevermind.” Sherlock retorts primly.
We had a good life together, hadn't we? We survived that bloody war, although you never quite came back from it. You lost something during those years we were apart. As I might have as well.
Sherlock's face is kind of solemn as he continues. “In addition I discovered cocaine, amphetamines, poppers, ecstasy – I took almost anything that heightened my perceptiveness. Both Mycroft and I had inherited a trust fund from our Grand-Mere, to which we gained access when we turned eighteen. I don't know what Mycroft did with his money but I spent mine on drugs.”
William arches an eyebrow.
“Would you rather want to go to prison?”
Good-night, my love
“Not me.”
He still has supplies left. He could just lock his door and drug himself into oblivion. He's quite sure John won’t bother him again tonight – if ever. And even if he did, perhaps a little smack-induced stupor wouldn't go amiss? Would John notice?
“Is that so? Would you rather your brother take care of you?” John inquires disingenuously.
“Oh, come off it, will you.” William sounds almost offended. “I’m sure there’s a perfectly probable explanation for it all.”
“You know why?” John asks tentatively after a minute, his gaze wandering over to the telly. Fulham gets a free kick but nothing comes of it.
They leave for the South coast an hour later, Sherlock by now dressed in the dark blue uniform and the beret of the Milice Francaise, his head almost shaved, the remaining hair atop of it dyed a reddish blond.
“Shall I run you a bath?” he asks quietly.
Back at the flat, the mood doesn't improve. Sherlock throws himself onto the couch and refuses to answer as John offers to make coffee.
Thinking about it, about all the crazy things that have happened in the last 36 hours, John grows cold with fear. He'd belittled Sherlock, then left without a word. When he had returned, Sherlock had been high on class A drugs, lying unconscious on their living room floor, bleeding onto the carpet. Was there a connection? Were the incidents related? Cause and effect?
John might want to kiss him. Most certainly. People did. Sentiment.
“Oh, I definitely am.”
“Here, take these.”
This can't be happening.
“What? Now?” Sherlock sounds shocked. John knows where his mouth has been just seconds before...
“Good evening.” A deep voice says, coming from the direction of the smoker, and John actually jumps a little.
.” John looks up, grinning broadly.
“Can you go deeper?” Sherlock rasps, his voice unsteady and raw. John is past speaking and can only growl in response as he tries to intensify his pleasure, nearly twisting his arm while rocking down onto his fingers. The dry stretch must actually burn but John seems to relish the pain. His hole is swollen but he pushes in relentless. The veins on John's lower arm have protruded to the surface and Sherlock can see every muscle and tendon work and tense.
“It’s just… I couldn’t bear loosing you again, you idiot.” John mumbles, as if reading Sherlock’s mind, leaning back against his chest.
My dearest John,
“Just arrived this morning. I'm with an SOE unit, but we were assured that we would make a base here for at least a week.”
Sherlock melts into John's embrace, relaxing, sighing contently as John strokes his hair and his back. They stay like this for a long while – and it's enough.
John looks dubious.
. A coarse voice spluttering common insults. A New Balance trainer kicking someone, hard. It hurts... Why is the creature on the floor not fighting back but only tries to cowardly cover its face by curling into a ball? God, this is intolerable. Ah, well, there's another man, a hand with tattooed knuckles
Sherlock is bent over his microscope when John slowly shuffles into the kitchen. He had hoped that the tube ride might calm him down but that proved to be wishful thinking. Instead, he got even more agitated. He doesn't know what to say but they have to talk about this. He has to tell Sherlock that he knows. What might happen afterwards – John has no idea.
As it turns out, Sherlock spends the next days in Kent, investigating the nasty business of child abduction from a long-established exclusive boarding school. There are clues leading to Italy and when the decomposed body of one of the victim's teachers turns up, Sherlock is in full flow, running riot, until he tracks the culprit down. He rescues the child but the lad has to witness his abductor, who is also his half-brother, plummet to his death in front of him.
Now, John presses his thigh between Sherlock's and tries to spread his legs. His hands wander south, until his right palm cups Sherlock's penis – and stills.
John considers his words before he tentatively replies: “I'm not sure how to handle it. I'll need some time. To come to terms?” John doesn't mind that his confusion shows. He knows that now is not the moment to hide. Besides, Sherlock would see through it anyway.
“Drink?” John asks by way of an answer. When Sherlock gives a curt nod, he walks over to a small table between the windows and pours each of them a stiff whisky. “Tell me again, what are the services you provide?” John’s fingers brush Sherlock’s as he hands over the drink, lingering. Sherlock shivers.
John sighs. “Will I be able to write to him?”
-----------
And then John – Hamish White – is gone.
That was a close call. On my way to The Hague now.
Despite being on hiatus Lockedinjohnlock took it upon her to beta these 15 pages of smut I dropped in her inbox! Thank you so much for it! Look her up on AO3 or follow her on tumblr @lockedinjohnlock-podfics.tumblr.com! It's truly worth it!
It's even better than John had imagined in his embarrassingly numerous self-administered orgasms. Sherlock's impossibly lush lips are stretched tight around his shaft, which is glistening wet with saliva. Sherlock sucks him in greedily and as John cups his cheek, he can feel himself move inside Sherlock's mouth. John's balls tighten as heat pools between his legs, making his cock twitch, but he doesn't want to finish just yet. He grabs the back of Sherlock's head and jerks, hard, pulling him back and off. Sherlock looks up at John then, but instead of dark and hooded, his eyes are cold and grey; his face a white marble mask displaying an expression of curious detachment mixed with determined scrutiny. There is no passion in his gaze; it's more like he's been performing some mechanical task he neither especially favours nor despises.
Sherlock dreams taking John's hand and flying out of their sitting room window holding him tight, hovering over the great city, gently removing the roofs and peeping in at the queer things which are going on, the strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes, the wonderful chains of events, working through generations and leading to the most outré results. It makes all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable.
“Anything else lurking in your past?” he enquires, almost nonchalantly but his hollow voice and sagging shoulders betray him.
All remaining faults are mine and mine alone.
“Doctor Watson, my name is Mycroft Holmes. I'm Sherlock's elder brother.” John feels outrage seer deep inside him. He remembers how Sherlock was treated by his family, and the instant dislike he has taken to the man opposite him intensifies.
A shadow crosses Sherlock's face. He puts the sandwich he's only nibbled at anyway aside and sits up a little straighter. After his deduction earlier which John took in stride, he deserves to know the truth.
Bereft of socially acceptable diversions, Sherlock had been sulky and itchy all Thursday. John had sent him a few texts, sure, but that had been no replacement for the actual presence of the actual man. Sherlock hadn't bothered to answer.
But he has no right to do so, hasn't he? They are not... whatever. Maybe not even friends anymore, with or without benefits?
Sherlock's thoughts had spiralled quickly into dangerous territory. With too much time on his hands, he had a tendency to develop hazardous predilections (Molly Hooper and quite a few corpses at St. Bart's morgue bearing witness to his whims).
“Do you remember what happened?” John asks, his voice a little bit rough but that can be attributed to the previous physical exertion.
The sheets are ruined, there's lube, sweat and semen everywhere and they desperately need a shower, but for now, they'll stay in bed together and giggle like the lovesick idiots they are.
“So what! I'm tired. Of this.” John tries to pull away, but Sherlock's grip tightens.
“We need to go to A&E. These are very likely fractured. You need a scan.”
So? Did Doctor John H. Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers fuck up royally, or is Sherlock just being Sherlock? After all, the git had been in a strange and precarious mood all day and maladroit might be his second name any given day.
“I was sure.”
Calm.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ah, ok, this is about trust. John has trust issues. So this is important. But there are still too many variables Sherlock doesn't know about. He has to acquire more data.
For a short moment Sherlock's fears were quieted; he pondered that John might be willing and able to see him for all that he truly was: and that it would be acceptable.
“Well, I guess.” John answers. Then it dawns on him. Sherlock needs data. “Do you want to take a peek?”
“What is it?” John sighs. The past few months have made him quite aware of the frailty of the resident genius and his persistent need for an audience.
“Please...” Sherlock gasps.
; he can't breathe, the room is full of John's scent, sultry, thick, suffocating.
“And until then?”
John is bereft of an answer. What the hell is he supposed to do? His mind is foggy, but he's still dimly aware that the appropriate reaction to such a proposal would be to tell Sherlock to stop at once. Instead, John has to admit – although shamefully - that he is definitely turned on by Sherlock's proposition. He's torn between the urge to break off and have a proper talk and to take Sherlock up on it, tugging at his curls while shoving his cock right back into that willing mouth.
We all went for drinks after work, as if we were just office clerks. Which we kind of are, aren't we? My colleagues are so extremely loyal to the party line, it's hideous. Yet most are also rather grateful to have been graded 'uk'. Only a few are fanatic enough to aspire to die for their fatherland, blood and soil, and all this crap. They confessed that they envy me for having been on active duty. We were all sitting around one table. When it had got very late, and everyone was quite intoxicated, Walter put his hand on my thigh. I didn't pull away. I'm getting an inkling why Mycroft thought this commission suited me.
“Please, no...” John starts to shake his head and can't stop it.
“I've seen loads of pissed blokes in my time in A&E but nothing like that. Besides, I doubt it was only booze.”
Sherlock actually shivers when he senses John climaxing.
Here comes Sherlock's backstory. As you might imagine, it's not fluff and roses. Please heed the tags! Despite all the grim stuff ahead I nevertheless tried to finish on a slightly uplifting note.
“It was a gift from Mycroft! As if I'd need a fountain pen.”
“Active or passive?” John takes a sip of his whisky, looking down at Sherlock.
“I don't know. It's just...”
As the man on the other side of the door slowly slumps to the floor, Sherlock's fingertips follow his downward slide, brushing delicately over the prominent grain of the worn wood. He inhales deeply and is almost sure to smell John's scent – aseptic cleanliness, starched cotton, Earl Grey; now mixed with fresh salty sweat and the slightly sour aroma of milky ejaculate.
Sherlock
When they have to part to breathe, Sherlock rolls back on his left side and presses his thighs together, even crossing his ankles. John shuffles up behind him, his chest pressed against Sherlock's back, sliding his left arm beneath Sherlock's shoulder to play with his nipples while his other hand reaches around his waist to return to Sherlock's dripping cock.
Another private just vomited all over my lap. I have to go.
Eventually, Sherlock must have fallen asleep also, for he wakes up entangled not so much in the sheets but in John. In his still-sleepy state, it takes Sherlock approximately 2.3 seconds to realise that their legs are entwined and his left arm rests across his flatmate's stomach while his head is pressed between John's shoulder blades. John's left arm is slung over his face, shielding his eyes, while he clutches the pillow with his right.
I have to stop now, others need me.
Sherlock would most certainly let him. He was nothing if not curious and open to experimentation, at least within an accurately defined setting.
I hate this war. I hate what I'm doing here. I want to be with you. Is that too much to ask?
“That's
She opens when he knocks on her door.
----------
In the end, Sherlock had taken tinfoil and a glass combustion tube from his chemistry tools and had smoked just enough heroin to calm down. Feeling somewhat sedated afterwards, he'd then gone up to John's room and crawled beneath the tatty sheets that smelled of cheap shampoo, wool, antiseptic and Earl Grey. This maudlin act might have been an exclamation of utmost pathetic misery, but Sherlock was past caring and just wanted a few hours’ rest.
The sucking intensifies and John is helplessly drooling onto the sheets while rutting into thin air. His stifled movements make it easier for Sherlock's next onslaught on John’s body as he pushes the tip of his tongue just inside John’s rectum while John thrusts back against his face.
Yours always, if you'll have me.
My darling,
We had to cut off the poor boys leg. He's been crying ever since. Back home, he was a footballer, played for Arsenal and even was to be capped for England.
“Despite the message confirming to meet Mario on that bridge? A revolver was found in his wardrobe when the police searched the house. The fuzz believe it to be the murder weapon.” Talking about his dead husband had left Gibson unaffected but now his voice is strained with desperation.
John is presenting the flat, blue cardboard box inscribed
John tries to make innocent conversation, inquiring about dinner but his attempts are not deigned with an answer. Instead, Sherlock only huffs in annoyance and turns to face the wall, pressing his forehead into the battered Union Jack cushion.
“Why?”
“You should eat something.” John reminds him. Sherlock knows he has to appease John; there's no better way than allow him to feed him up.
John scoops a little closer. “You always say that. But... don't you want to... I don't know, get off?”
“Good night, Sherlock.”
“Any chance for toast with Marmite?” Sherlock asks, raising an inquiring eyebrow (at least that would be salty, replacing some of the nutrients he lost last night) and John is simply happy to oblige.
The water has gone cold as Sherlock eventually gets out of the tub. He dries himself, again avoiding to acknowledge his frame reflected in the mirror. It's just transport. It's not important. Even when brushing his teeth does he not look up, astoundingly ignoring the gaunt pale face that looks back at him, eyes huge and hooded, with dark rings beneath.
A car passes by, the headlights brushing over the ceiling, highlighting Sherlock for just a fraction of a second, like a bolt or the unearthly rays of an Aurora Borealis. The image burns itself on John's retina.
“Can I decide that for myself? And it's too late, anyway.”
John dares to risk a soft bite to Sherlock's lower lip which - thank god! - elicits a deep growl from the man next to him. Encouraged by this, John's mouth leaves Sherlock's and starts to travel down his neck, nipping, sucking.
around a long pale neck, pinning twitching spindly arms behind an expensively clad back, spanning two bony wrists with just one of his big rough paws... There are words murmured in an ear
John’s voice is suddenly in his head:
“John, do you seriously believe I'd do things I don't want to?”
It's getting dark when they finish the war letters. William is worrying his full, still slightly swollen lower lip between thumb and forefinger, staring down at the box. “There’s more.” He says, lost in thought. “I wonder...”
“Don't be ridiculous, John. There are no ghosts except those we make for ourselves.” He’s quite certain. He knows what he's talking about.
He swallows, thickly, fearing that he might know what’s coming.
“Bit late for that, don't you think? Besides, I've been young myself. Though I hadn't the fortune to inherit a trust fond. But I too liked to party, back in the days. Even smoked the odd joint.”
Sherlock seems to expect being reprimanded but John only looks sad.
John thinks everything is going quite smoothly between him and Sherlock but as it turns out he is hugely mistaken. Unexpected revelations about Sherlock lead to a confrontation  that nearly ruins the fragile balance the two men had achieved.
Did Sherlock shoot up, then hurt himself on purpose? The thought is unbearable. Nevertheless, John is a doctor. He has seen a lot of weird coping strategies.
was chief of the Auslands-SD (foreign intelligence).
“The last person you'd consider? I'll keep that in mind for the next time you play it cool.”
Sherlock spreads himself a little wider, grabbing the backs of his knees, and John plunges two slick fingers deep inside him.
Sherlock's voice is a low rumble when he continues. “In fact, I took some liberties. I could have returned to England after about a year. But I decided against it. Perhaps that's why Mycroft kept you away as well? Even If you'd returned to England, you wouldn't have returned to me.”
Their eyes meet and linger.
First, it's just the tip of his tongue, lapping at John's wet slit. John groans as his shaft gets impossible harder. Eventually, when he's teased John enough, precome oozing from his tip, Sherlock closes his lovely lips around the glans and starts to suck ever so lightly. John grabs the night-stand harder, and finally removes his hand from his brow to bite down on his fist to prevent himself from moaning and pushing all the way into Sherlock's greedy mouth.
Don’t be ridiculous. Of course, those accusations are totally unfounded. I would never make advances towards any of my students. That boy is a mean little liar. And I'm not having that. He failed his course and thought he could blackmail me to give him a pass if he accused me of something untoward.
They face each other in their gloomy sitting room.
John arrives a few minutes late at the pub. Sherlock had kept distracting him and it got a bit heated. John vividly remembers cupping Sherlock's arse in his hands, massaging the firm flesh through the thin cotton pyjama pants hanging loosely from Sherlock's hips while grinding against Sherlock's evident erection. John had been so turned on he could have taken Sherlock on their kitchen table (even amid human bowels). But as things stand (no pun intended), he'd disentangled himself reluctantly from a panting Sherlock – cheeks flushed pink, eyes dark, mouth gaping in a disappointed pout – and excused himself.
Sherlock has to concede that he's grown quite attuned to the ex-army doctor over the last few months. John's a benevolent and inoffensive sounding board, a hoard of trivial but sometimes unfortunately essential knowledge outside Sherlock’s realm (celebrity gossip, for example, something Sherlock refuses to pollute his hard drive with), obligingly does the shopping, generously pays for their cabs and, overall, has turned out to be much less of a nuisance than anticipated. It's no wonder that Sherlock actually grew quite … no, not fond, that would imply feelings Sherlock is incapable of … but accustomed.
The millionaire gives Sherlock and John one last look of disgruntled recalcitrance, then leaves, banging the door forcefully shut behind himself.
John clears his throat. “Apparently, your great-uncle died of a pulmonary emphysema on... fuck me, Will, on January 6, 1976. Isn't that your birthday?”
It's been a while since he's been with a man in a proper bed. Over the past few years, it has been frantic groping down dark alleys or behind bushes in parks. John doesn't do cottaging; it's too dangerous. As are shared hotel rooms.
Eventually, the penny drops. Sherlock's sure it's literally audible. “Yes. Yes I was. Rather boring. Very disappointing. It's her employer. Fears the junior manager might be after her. Well, he is, he's rather besotted with her, up to a very unhealthy degree but same could be said of her boss, so it's out of the frying pan and into the fire for her.” Sherlock waves an elegant hand, dismissing the whole business as totally irrelevant.
Irene came by again. Witold has finally agreed to met me. I had to tell her about her husband. Shot down three weeks ago over the North Sea. I'm glad she kept her composure and took it with amiable countenance. She is a truly impressive woman, John.
Ok, fair enough, John's own conduct in this matter hadn't been inspiring confidence; he had harboured his own secret desires. And yesterday morning, he had mocked Sherlock. Perhaps he went too far there. But, honestly, what did the arrogant prick expect after calling John a boring ugly twat he wouldn't even touch with a barge pole? John had just fed Sherlock his own medicine, teasing him a little. He hadn’t even been sure if it had registered with Sherlock. Well, it probably had…
“That explains rather a lot.” Sherlock smirks. The atmosphere loses some of its tension.
“God, Sherlock...” John can't say this out loud. It's too much to demand.
“Sherlock, wait! I'm such an idiot. You said so yourself. Please, I'm sorry...” He's babbling frantically in his effort to reassure Sherlock, who just stands in the dark hallway, tense and silent. “Of course you can come up. It's just... I didn't know you cared … or wanted.”
Yours, always
“Oh, that... Let's say I have connections. Why don't you pop down to the bakery and order something to eat. Tell Mrs Hudson to have it billed on me. She owns the shop and is also my landlady.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Budge up.” He tells Sherlock, who slowly rolls over, taking his time to present his lovely arse. John swats him playfully. “Get a move on, you lazy slag.” Sherlock moans, surprised how much John’s words turn him on.
mean?”
“‘Night, Sherlock.” John still smiles as he closes his eyes.
As Sherlock literally  waits for the water to boil, he stares into nothing and John is getting a bit alarmed by his unusually tense behaviour. It’s quite unlike Sherlock to act as if … embarrassed, for that would call for retrospective analysis of his deeds, which he’s totally opposed to or ignorant of.
As if on cue, said flatmate re-enters the living room and strides over to his desk, ignoring John completely.
“Not particularly, no.” Maybe now would be a good time to relent a little? “But I'm not good with reading other people's emotions, so please forgive me if I ask the obvious.” Sherlock lowers his hands into his lap, folds them and turns fully towards John, watching him with anticipation.
“If, by implications, you mean that our relationship won't be graced by vigorous shagging on every available surface, then it might come as a surprise to you that I am totally prepared to give it a miss if it's not what you want.”
----------
Sherlock kisses John again, hungrily. “We didn't need it the past three years. It can't be that important, can it?”
I miss you. There's so much I'd want to say to you, but it will have to wait till we meet again face to face.
“What I am talking about? I just ran into a very offended and rather miffed lovely young woman in Speedy's, who, last Monday, gave me her number and asked me out for a coffee. But I never called, so I must have been 'taking the piss last week' – her words. But can you believe my astonishment when she told me after I nearly sank down on my knees to apologise, that she wrote me a note and I had to tell her that it never reached me? I mustn’t have been very convincing because she just rushed past me and wished me a good day in front Mr Chatterjee and a shop full of customers! Oh no, don't give me that wide-eyed
Sherlock just huffs indignantly.
Sherlock ignores the detective (divorced because he used to beat up his wife, unfit for military service due to a lame leg and a severe drinking habit, fancies very young girls despite his erectile dysfunction) who's asking him derogatory questions as an excuse for a formal police interview. He seems more interested in hurling slurs at Sherlock than in establishing the facts that led to his arrest and becomes rather frustrated and shouty when Sherlock doesn't rise to the bait. Sherlock tunes him out as best he can, thinking instead about the new violin sonata he's practising (which John likes) and an experiment on mould cultures he likes to pursue (which John dislikes).
“I just spent the night with someone else.”
What is my bloody brother doing? What is my country doing? People are exterminated, and he has tea with the king and makes small talk at Whitehall?
The man stares at him a little longer, blinking rapidly. “Did I? Maybe I did. Come in, anyway.”
“How so?” Sherlock doesn't turn.
Enough of this indulgence in self-pity. It's rather appalling. He resolutely ties the belt of his dressing gown, lifts his chin and squares his shoulders.
At that, Sherlock cocks his head and looks at him with a mixture of seriousness and exaltation. “You are a doctor at Bart's hospital with one estranged brother, who succumbed to alcoholism a few years back. You wanted to enlist in the army, but had to take care of your elderly father, and then were deemed more useful here at home after the war broke out. You have come to terms with your sexual orientation, but it took you a while. You still prefer anonymous encounters with strangers. This will have to stop, by the way. I don't share. There's a history of mental illness and substance abuse running through your fathers family, and for a while you feared that you might suffer from some form of sexual perversion or degeneration, but in the end you accepted who you are. I appreciate that. Yet you even tried to court a woman a few years back, but in the end she found out about your true inclinations and ended the relationship. You lived in fear for a while that she might report you to the authorities, until she emigrated to Australia shortly before the war broke out. You don't drink, you don't smoke, and you don't go to church. At the moment, you live in somewhat squalid accommodation in Crouch End, renting a small room from an elderly widow who tries to make advances to you when she has had one sherry too many. You are disgusted by that, but can't disclose the true nature of your feelings. You are rather conservative in many views, old-fashioned and polite, but also quite reckless and daring. For me, that's enough to know for a start. But I'm sure I will find out more fascinating things about you in the future.”
“Here is one from 1967. Seems to be from John.
“Hello?” John whispers. There’s no answer. All he can hear is the drumming of raindrops on the market’s roof. He still has their mingled tastes on his tongue while he imagines smelling just a whiff of the unique scent that enveloped him mere seconds ago.
“I … think … someone spiked my drink...” Sherlock murmurs, even blushing slightly. It's one of his better performances.  “It's … rather embarrassing. I should have known better. But I was … distracted … and when one of the suspects offered me a drink... well, it was textbook. Utterly humiliating.” He coughs, then stares at a spot on the floor right next to John's feet.
“Take your shower.” Sherlock whispers and there's a dark promise resonating in his tone that makes John's knees buckle. “Then come to bed with me.”
“Because I love you, you idiot.” It's so simple and yet so devastating.
John – Hamish – rakes his eyes up and down Sherlock’s lean, naked body but doesn’t otherwise move. Sherlock slowly crawls onto the bed until he’s hovering over John on all four, his knees at either side of John's thighs, his mouth just inches away from John’s lips.
Today we rescued four women with two children. They are emaciated, just skin and bones. The children don't speak, don't laugh. They just stare at me with their huge eyes. They don't even cry. They just showed me the numbers tattooed on their forearms. Children, John, aged about five and seven...
Salon Kitty was a high-class Berlin brothel used by the Nazi intelligence service for espionage purposes during WW2. This was just too good an opportunity to insert Irene into this story, I'm not even sorry (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salon_Kitty).
Sherlock's dream is an almost direct quote from "The Adventure of the Devil's Foot" by Arthur Conan Doyle, only in the original story it's Watson who experiences as well as narrates the effects of the toxic root.
“Shall I get a bucket?” The situation reminds Sherlock of how all this started; it's a bizarre hunch, like being trapped in some kind of reversing time loop, which is not totally impossible, only very, very improbable. But perhaps musings on the linearity of time are a bit beside the point at the moment?
“And if I said please?”
But William just shrugs, takes the box and starts going through it again. “Look, here's a photograph.”
“The case?” Sherlock retorts bewildered. For a second, he has no idea what John is talking about.
It takes ages before he slowly eases out of Sherlock's body, just to lie next to him on the hard floor. He's too old for this but it doesn't matter if his back will protest tomorrow. All that counts is the here and now. John strokes Sherlock's hair, his chest and thinks that if he was to die right now, he could die happy.
And then John tilts his head just a fraction, dips his face and Sherlock inhales sharply as his eyes flutter close, only to blush a bright crimson when he hears John snicker next to his ear.
“Hey.” John says again, brushing a wayward curl from Sherlock's forehead. His fingertips linger on the clammy skin of Sherlock's temple where a blue vein is throbbing beneath too tight skin.
“Thank you. That's … rather sweet of you.” Her smile broadens as she takes John in, looking him up and down, obviously approving.
“'Course you have.” John is, by now, ok with intestines. Whole body parts still make him a little queasy when unexpectedly encountered in the fridge – or anywhere else Sherlock might think expedient to deposit them, they look so very human and remind John of his own mortality, whereas internal organs only remind him of specimens in medical school.
John's not intending to.
We landed tonight near Bari and are now marching north-west, to unite with the 2nd Special Service Brigade near Anzio. The weather is bright. There are groves of pear and orange trees hung with fruit. It's like the land of milk and honey, John. Apropos, I hope Agnieszka still tends to the beehives. I can't remember when I last saw an orange. We picked some and were almost crying with delight. They taste sweet and tangy. God, it's lovely!
John stays silent. There's nothing to say. He feels like vomiting over the carpet but that wouldn't help much, either. So he waits.
William puts the bag back where it came from (and makes a mental note to himself to deal with it later when John is out) and decides to humour his lover – well, at least he tries as best he can. “Oh! It's a… box.” He evidently doesn’t sound as interested as John seems to have hoped for.
), and I don't correct them. If I shouldn't survive this, be sure I loved you to the very end.
I might just have blown up a bridge. Can you imagine how much I love this?
John quickly removes his sticky fingers from Sherlock's hair, wiping them on the rumpled sheets for a perfunctory clean-up, and giggles.
“Call me Sofia and yes Phillip I would love that.” She said with a smile and even placed her hand on Anderson’s forearm. John couldn’t hold back his smile as Anderson’s eyes lit up like Christmas lights. John stood up to sneak his way back to the table where Sherlock still stood with Greg. He’d just keep a low profile for the rest of the night, Sherlock would just have to deal with brining him his beers.
Sherlock winched slightly as his numb fingers started to burn at the slightly rough touch.
Mrs. Hudson had retired hours ago and therefor couldn’t have answered the door, so whoever it was is familiar with the secret location of the unmarked key Sherlock had hidden in the ally at Porter street. The only people to know about said key being John and selected individuals from his homeless network to use in emergencies.
The black suited man rose form the chair and leaned both hands against the umbrella in front of him. “Today you made a choice to disrespect and insult a very dear friend of mine and afterwards even stooping as low as to express aversion to his romantic relationship with my little brother.”
"You're not normal Sherlock - you're amazing, brilliant, gorgeous and Unique. Don’t ever listen to them, they don’t know what they’re talking about.” John said determined and gently rubbed lover's tense back.
Sally used her reacquired phone to call another ambulance and a on duty police patrol to the scene to take care of the attacker, still laying on the ground with her boss solidly planted un top of him, until backup would arrive. As John waited he found himself stroking a his hand gently down one pale, sharp cheekbone. “I’m so sorry Sherlock, I promise I’ll never let anything happen to you again love.” He promised in a whisper.
Sherlock looked up at Lestrade. “I think that ambulance would be a splendid idea after all detective inspector.” He said curtly in an attempt to hide his worry for his doctor.
Sherlock’s cheeks quickly turned bright red in embarrassment. He hadn't meant for John to actually see him wearing the damn thing.
“Thank you, thank you. I don’t dare think what would’ve happened if you hadn’t been here.” He said. John smiled in return, feeling a huge sense of relief himself, glad he’d been right in his theory.
“John just saved my life. I can survive a few minutes in the cold.” She stated simply.
“No John, please let me finish..” He whispered.
“Woah buddy!” Christian exclaimed and caught the detective easily in his huge arms. “I think you’d had enough for one night, we better get you home don’t you think?”
“Go on.” John prompted reaching up and kissing the detective’s cheek.
His voice held a hint of a certain acceptance that Sherlock didn’t like one bit. “Charlie listen to me.”
John quickly made his way up the nearest stairs and walked over to the brunet, who still eyed him with that intense gaze that Sherlock usually reserved when he wanted to record something into his mind palace.
John thought for a moment “I just need to lay down for a bit. Could I just.. Have a few moments alone?” The doctor asked softly.
Until now John had been the calmest mannered in the room, but during the video his body language had displayed a growing red-hot anger. Sally who was normally very stoic and gathered had her eyes glazed over and a look of pure sadness etched on her face.
A sudden feeling of unease and worry washed over the detective, replacing his earlier irritation. He quickly jumped up from his chair and sprinted down the stairs to stand in front of the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
“But I do know Charlie.. I really do.. I know every day you live is a struggle to get through. You don’t think you’ll ever deserve love or affection, because you know you’re different than other children. Because you’ve had to face greater difficulties than any of your classmates. Children can be mean and merciless, they pick on you because they don’t understand or can’t relate to you. Of course you try to fight back, but deep down you believe them to be right about you, because it’s what you’ve been told your entire life.”
“My apologies dear John, you just make it so very easy.” Mycroft said in that smug way of his followed by his signature smirk.
But John quickly shook his head fiercely at Sherlock’s suggestions and moved his other hand to cup Sherlock’s face gently. “No! No Sherlock. You didn’t do anything wrong love.” John said, his voice low but insistent.
This sight seemed to kick start Sherlock’s mind once again.
They stood like that for about ten minutes before Sally finally calmed down enough to slowly pull herself out of the embrace. Her eyes were swollen and red, her hair and clothes were a mess and a look of embarrassment started to bloom on her face as the realisation she’d just embraced Sherlock Holmes and cried on his shoulder.
Sherlock blinked a few times before fully coming back to reality. He quickly opened the attached flies with instructions that had been mentioned and read through them before finally speaking; “Right.. While the man who held the camera is clearly in charge, the two on here are clearly both mere footsoldiers in a larger hierarchy. They’re obviously following orders and instructions themselves. The puppetmasters of the organisation having done this in the hopes it’ll protect themselves from being recognized or caught if their plan doesn’t work. This was their first mistake though. The two men on here are careless and arrogant and they revealed a great deal of clues of their proximate location. This is good, however..” Sherlock hesitated.
It had helped.. A lot.. It occurred to Sherlock he’d never truly expressed to Lestrade how much his help back then meant to him. And now the DI was in the hands of some deranged, violent madmen, who weren’t afraid to murder to achieve their goals. The panic simmering in his gut almost threatened to take over him again, but he pulled in a few deep breaths. He had to stay strong now, as Lestrade had always been for him.
“That’d be nice.” Molly agreed as she started to pull out the equipment necessary for their work.
Sherlock looked at her with a reluctant face but nodded his approval of the agreement. “Fine.. But I’m not letting you off that easily! I won’t have you move from that couch you hear me. Whatever you need done today I’ll do for you.” He followed up with a determined edge in his voice.
“Much.. So much better… Thank you love…” John mumbled tiredly, fully enjoying the soothing feeling of Sherlock’s hands.
“Sherlock, his wife and kids were standing right behind him!” John tried to explain, but already knew in the back of his mind that that kind of thinking wasn’t part of Sherlock’s logic.”
After some time Sherlock's silent tears stopped their steam down his cheeks, but John kept his arms around him, continuing to offer warmth, comfort and love as long as Sherlock would allow him too.
Sherlock was still smiling as he pulled his finger away again, satisfied that it had done its job in silencing his doctor.
“Nonsense my friend! You’re my guests tonight and afterwards I must insist we go out to celebrate this long awaited reunion, I will not take no for an answer.”
“You’re making… Onion soup?” He asked in half astonishment and now also half embarrassment.
“She insisted on it, wouldn’t take no for an answer. While I wasn’t allowed inside myself, I watched her interrogate the him, man you should have seen her! She practically had the big guy sobbing out his confession at the end.” Lestrade informed, noticeably recalling the event with glee. “She told me to wish you well by the way.”
“A few months later, Mycroft Holmes graced my office with a visit one late Friday evening. He was very polite; I give him that. He asked me if I could employ his little brother, offer him cold cases to work on. Mind, I knew Sherlock was some kind of a weird genius. And Mycroft made it very clear that, should I refuse, my superiors would receive information within the next 24 hours that would lead to me losing everything - my job, my pension, my wife and kid. So of course I agreed. And here we are.” Greg shrugs, then hunches his shoulders and buries his hands deeper into his coat pockets, avoiding John's gaze.
John lets his base primal impulses take over, pulls Sherlock close again and continues biting and sucking on Sherlock's neck until he reaches the tender suprasternal notch. He licks there, hastily undoing another button to get better access to Sherlock's collar bone, tasting salty sweat and shaving cream.
“No, you really shouldn't.”
John deflates. God, this impossible prat will one day be the death of him.
“No. It was… he killed himself.” Sherlock's voice is devoid of any emotion, monotonous, flat.
“But you didn't tell the police or anyone else?” John still can't believe what he just heard.
“Well, then perhaps you should consider stop playing it
John tells his driver to drop him of at the corner. The man hesitates a moment but then pulls over. If his boss wants to exit the safety of the black limousine at this dark junction in a run-down part of the city, who's he to argue. Mr Watson is known for his temper. Better not make him cross by objecting.
Inappropriate.
He pulls back to stare up at Sherlock. “You are mine,” he growls and something crosses Sherlock's face as if caught off guard; he seems confused. Sherlock's white collar and the milky skin beneath are smeared with bright red streaks of blood. He looks positively ravaged.
I miss you so much I might start to cry.
And how is John to ask what has happened when h’/e is afraid of the answer he might get? If he gets one at all.
“Sherlock, I'm a breathing human being. You could just tell me...”
“You know...” John smiles down at the crown of dark hair. “There might be freedom in being out like this. You have nothing to loose anymore. You don't have to hide any longer.”
Remember the last time!
“No, it wasn't. But it's ok. It doesn't matter. Not right now. We'll have all the time in the world. I don't want to talk any more right now.” John steals another soft, almost chaste kiss.
Sherlock scrolls through the text messages. John’s right, the case is closed. Just, why didn’t Lestrade tell him? He wouldn’t have gone to the escort service in the first place if he’d known.
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock lies on his back, hands at either side, as if awaiting a not particularly pleasant examination.
We are moving again, up north. Apparently, there have been developments. I don't know where we are heading, but at least the casualties are much lower than in North Africa. It seems everyone is tired, even the Germans. The Italians are for sure. Everybody I meet curses the Duce and Hitler.
They look at each other over their kitchen table, fixing each other with a stare, Sherlock's challenging and defiant, John's open and apprehensive.
We arrived at the meeting point (to much cheering and some rather lewd remarks). I reported straight to the commander of the SOE unit, who'll get in touch with my brother. I'm not sure what consequences my defection will have. Did I desert my duties? I couldn't care less at the moment. People are speaking English, there's tea and something they keep telling me is shortbread, though it looks suspicious. Pleasures like these make facing a firing squad seem worth it. Perhaps I'll try to join ENSA. I seem to be a rather fetching lady. There might be a possible career for me in it, as a female impersonator? I couldn't bring myself to ask the commander to inquire with Mycroft about you. What if the answer I get is that you are dead or missing? That I couldn't face. Therefore, you simply can't be dead.
“Well, yes. Oh, just to sleep, of course.”
“I know you’re awake.” His voice is pressed but not unkind.
“I'm fine!” It's a mechanic reply but one that bears no argument. The kettle clicks off and Sherlock fills his mug up to the rim.
It doesn't take long until he can feel himself still and pulse, filling the condom to the brim. To his surprise, Victor thickens and comes as well, shooting streaks of white come all over his chest, right up to his chin.
I finally decided to send a radio message to Mycroft, forwarding Witold's report. As horrible as it is, I'm inclined to believe him. This is unprecedented evil, John. It has to stop.
Cold horror creeps down John’s spine to pool, leaden, in his gut. “I’m not sure we are on the same page here, Greg.” His voice cracks.
Slowly, Sherlock rolls onto his side while John rummages around in the drawer of the bedside cabinet until he finds the lube. He squelches a generous amount of it into his palm and coats his cock with it.
“Very funny.” Sherlock's voice sounds strangely nasal.
Mycroft gives John a stern look, seizing him up. The outcome seems favourable, for he continues. “I occupy a minor position in the British government. In that capacity, I need Sherlock's participation in a top secret operation. He has already agreed to partake. That will get him off the hook. But you have to offer something as well. The police can't just drop the charges.” Sherlock’s brother takes out a pocket watch and snaps it open as if to look up the time. “I’ve learned that you wanted to take active duty. Well, now's your chance, Doctor Watson. But you have to leave immediately. Your ship sails in three hours. If you volunteer, I'm pretty sure that I can sort this mess out.”
John's eyes flick over the residue of Sherlock's last night venture on the bedside table, the sad paraphernalia of injecting class A drugs. The used glass syringe is a rather beautiful vintage type, elegant, slender, the silver plunger gleaming; the tube shows residue of blood and light brown flocculation. The sight makes John nauseous. He decides to deal with it later.
They both grin.
The gentle reader might have spotted my attempt at updating "The Problem of Thor Bridge" here...
“Yeah, cheers, me too.” John settles back in his chair after gathering up the pages of the paper. Sherlock remains sitting at the desk for a whole minute, glaring at John, who grins behind the sheets until the detective finally gets up and strides past him with a huff of annoyance. John can almost hear him complain: 'Brain the size of a planet, and here am I, reduced to a tea lady!'
“John!” Sherlock whines. “I was supposed to be preparing myself so we could have intercourse.”
John can feel Sherlock's cock swell and pulse inside him. It's unbelievable. John knows only the giving side of this which intensifies his new experience even more.
There actually was a secret operation going on during the war at Smithfield market, trying to produce pykrete. 'The experiments were carried ... in a refrigerated meat locker in a Smithfield Market butcher's basement, behind a protective screen of frozen animal carcasses'. I can somehow picture Sherlock, as a chemist or as a detective, being involved in such wartime efforts. That might be the reason why he's about the market at night. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smithfield,_London#20th_century
Sherlock had inhaled deeply, willing his erection away. His fingers had stayed tightly wrapped around the delicate china – anchoring him to the mundane necessities of life, his knuckles turning white - until the mug had shattered. Luckily, there had been only minor cuts to his fingers and Sherlock had quickly gathered up the shards and thrown them in the bin before he could come up with possibilities for putting them to a-bit-not-good use.
As it turns out, this story might have 14 to 15 chapters, so we are more than halfway through the mess by now.
It had been exciting. Unpredictable. Thrilling. And strangely comforting.
“You already did, John.”
John rolls his stiff shoulders. Mycroft Holmes has just sunken even lower in his estimation.
“Look at me.” His breath fans over John's heated groin, making him shiver.
-Screaming Females: Hopeless -
“John! John, wait...” Lestrade's hand lands on his left shoulder.
“Listen, John, I really didn’t know what to do with him back then. I tried but…” Greg is lost, desperately searching for the right words and failing. He swallows hard, searching John’s face with his eyes: “John, I'm sorry.”
John gently strokes his hair. “No, not now.”
“Or spiked the nibbles with it?” Sherlock muses darkly.
“What are you talking about?”
And here we are at the end of the story... beware, this is the chapter that made me cry writing it. Yet it ends somewhat hopeful - at least that's what I intended. It's up to you to decide if I succeeded.
“Not now. I think I just like to lie here for a bit.”
“Good morning, John. Now, as we are both awake, can you please let go of me?”
to entertain the axis troops. Or, plainly speaking, whores. Anyway, I'm looking quite dashing in a dark green frock with matching hat, shoes and gloves, my rather longish hair set in elaborate waves, with painted lips and a touch of rouge on my cheekbones. I imagine you undressing me, slowly, down to my silky underwear and stockings... I miss you so much it hurts.
-----
“Sherlock...?” John pants, slowly removing his hand.
“Well, don't you know?” John mumbles in a low voice, transfixed as he stares down at his hands on Sherlock's body.
John sighs. A few minutes ago, he'd felt totally blissed-out, but this is rapidly going south.
Not a wise move. John slams his fist into the table. “Because I'm asking you. Is it that difficult to remember how you met one of your oldest... pals?”
“Don’t be.” He whispers. “Lestrade will have me wired. No reason to worry. I promise I’ll be careful.” It’s a lie, but Sherlock chalks it up as one of his minor one’s, compared to jumping off a building in front of John’s eyes.
“Thank you.”
On the other hand, there had been all these little incidents over the last few weeks. And yesterday, he'd been quite… keen. John is sure of this, no matter what Sherlock tells him. John's been around the block; he knows about these things.
Truth be told, John Watson, CEO of one of the most affluent hedge fonds traded at the NYSE, could afford to order an escort from one of the most prolific agencies catering to people in his position and with his tastes. He could choose from a mouthwatering menu of debauchery, offered to him on a plate. Yet he's strolling the dark streets of the Meatpacking District behind the Whitney Museum, looking for a different kind of meat than that being processed in the still numerous butchers and warehouses.
Sherlock nods and blows on his tea. “I really liked it.” He says after a while.
John props the side of Sherlock's head against the left armrest of the sofa, then moves to the kitchen to get a bowl of lukewarm water, some clean towels, and a bag of frozen peas. They always stock peas in their freezer. John needs them for one of Sherlock's favourite dishes, something homemade he actually deigns to eat; but to be honest, most of the time they are used at 221b as makeshift ice packs.
John shakes his head. “No, I... I'm so sorry, Sherlock.” He slowly gets up and walks over to the other man, slumped over in his chair, staring at the floor. John reaches out and slowly takes one of his balled fists between his palms and smooths the white knuckles until Sherlock somewhat relaxes, burying his face in the soft linen covering John's belly.
He  turns back around to fix John with a glare. John shrugs, looking somewhat sheepishly.
“I want to hear you say it...” Sherlock's voice actually shakes a little.
Oblivion.
He knows this won't last. It never does. But for once he'll make the best of it for as long as possible. Because this feels... good? Yes, it actually feels good. And right.
We are waiting. For what, I don't know. What am I doing here? What are we all doing here? At least I hope your mission is exciting and expedient, worth your time.
The man is standing right on the other side of this door, penis in hand, touching himself, while the manifest object of his desires is but inches away from him; so close, yet completely out of reach.
John just nods. Sherlock stares down at him, his face contorting in pure bliss as he continues to move. He's speeding up now, his thrusts going deeper, becoming more forceful. It feels like Sherlock is invading John, claiming him and John just gives over to this new and unknown feeling of receiving, of being entered and owned.
“It was the truth was it not?” Sherlock countered, rolling one of his knuckles gently over a spot on John’s shoulder while he talked.
Mrs. Hudson watched with feigned dismay as her boys chased each other around the living room of 221B and couldn't suppress her giggle when Sherlock threw John’s union Jack pillow at the doctor who had taken refuge behind the sofa.
John head a loud sniff followed by a shaking voice.
“No, no.. I’m alright. Thanks to John. It’s only a few scrapes.” She said.
John returns home from work which was.. A bit not good...
“Fuck..” He hissed through clenched teeth as he cradled his now bruised knuckles to his chest. Another wave of despair threatening to pull him down as he realized once again how right Sherlock had been.
“It’s good to have you back mate, you almost made me worry.” John joked lightly, but his own eyes sending their own message of relief to see Lestrade safe.
“Sherlock?” John asks again. This is getting scary.
Honey-coloured, slightly freckled skin, sprinkled with sparse blond hair shimmering a reddish gold in warm sunlight. Strong sturdy hands with short clipped nails, the fingers dextrous and surprisingly soft, their touch gentle but sure. Thin lips, a bit chapped but warm and wet and insistent. Determined strokes, eager open mouthed kisses, slick skin sliding against hard muscle.
ENSA was The Entertainments National Service Association, an organisation set up in 1939 to provide entertainment for British armed forces personnel during WW2 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entertainments_National_Service_Association).
My darling,
“Oh god...” John sighs, and starts to rock forward on the balls of his feet. Sherlock 's large hands grab the back of his thighs like a vice, surely leaving bruises. He hums with pleasure, and suddenly John can feel his balls drawing up against his body. He jerks Sherlock's head back, even ripping some follicles out with his powerful move. Sherlock gasps in response, a deep, animalistic sound emanating from his throat.
John crumples the bespoke piece of expensive clothing in his eagerness to retrieve the cuffs. Sherlock is surprised that he doesn't really care. All that's important is that John returns to the bed and gets into him right fucking now!
Irene asked me to lunch on Sunday. On a whim I accepted. What am I getting into, John?
“John…”
They stay like this, overwhelmed yet sated, until Sherlock is suddenly shaken by a violent coughing fit. John holds him close, petting his sweaty shoulder and back until the spasms abate.
“Touch me.” Sherlock almost screams after his next insistent thrust, and that's when John looses it completely. He wraps one hand around Sherlock throbbing cock while he fucks into him hard, fast and deep, jerking him off clumsily yet efficiently as it seem, for suddenly, the muscles around John's cocks clench and spasm. The next moment, Sherlock comes all over John's fingers stroking his pulsing shaft, his breath ragged as he thrashes in the sheets.
“I'm way too old for lounging on the floor”, John mumbles but what he really means is 'Dear god, let me wake up from this mess!'
John has been watching Sherlock for signs of… aversion, but so far, this seems all right. John rests his brow against Sherlock's sharp clavicle, inhaling deeply, at first smelling only sweat and detergent. Underneath, however, there’s the familiar sharp scent of Sherlock (hydrogen peroxide, tobacco, something sweet John can't quite fathom) as he closes his eyes to just savour their easy but surely short-lived closeness.
“Let's hope it doesn't still contain chocolates.” He offers, because some reaction seems to be called for.
“No, not you. You get off on buying people.”
The Venlo Incident Mycroft mentioned in chapter three was a covert SD-Security Service operation, in the course of which two SIS agents were abducted on the outskirts of the town of Venlo on 9 November 1939. The incident was later used by the German Nazi government to help justify Germany's invasion of the Netherlands, while a neutral country, on 10 May 1940 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venlo_Incident).
Sherlock stares back down at the paper in his hand. “When do I have to leave?”
James wrote to me from England. He doesn't sound too good. He seems frustrated because he's bedridden. I'm worrying about him.
John takes a step towards him, then another until he stands right in front of Sherlock, who has to tilt his head up to keep eye contact. John looks down at him, and it's an unusual perspective, for him to be towering over Sherlock. It's almost as if their roles have been reversed. John's the one to lead from here.
"Go away.”
Sherlock stiffens, then pulls away. He shrugs his robe back on as if suddenly struck by modesty. Instead of looking at John, he gazes at the ceiling, apparently fascinated by the meandering cracks in the plaster and the flaking paint.
Shut up! SHUT UP! Sherlock rakes his fingers through his hair, pulls hard, until tears spring to his eyes; but the whispers in his head won't be silenced.
About five minutes later, Sherlock follows. He's in a fresh pair of pyjama bottoms and an old t-shirt and smells of soap and toothpaste. John's bed is significantly smaller than Sherlock's; the mattress is hard and the sheets are cheap. John is briefly worried that Sherlock will leave again soon but he doesn't so much as arch an eyebrow as he settles in for the night. The confined space makes sure that they lie closer together than they would downstairs and that's something John doesn't mind
How did this man prioritise?
Or the long silences; Sherlock hasn't a case on but is lying on the couch anyway in his thinking pose, staring at the ceiling for hours.
“You'd been terribly hurt Sherlock. And you were rather badly equipped to handle such situations...”
John swallows. “What? That could have got you court martialled. You could have been put up against a wall, facing a firing squad.” His hands start to shake and he has to set his cup down onto its saucer.
I still see Mary sometimes, just for a chat or a cup of tea (no use trying to go for a drink here). She's still nice and good fun... But...
Gibson stares back at him and for a brief moment, dark contempt shows on his carefully composed face. But after a second, his calm is restored. “I can assure you that our relations were entirely and always those of an employer towards a trusted young employee,” Gibson answers icily.
“Just feeding you your own medicine, Doctor.” Sherlock's voice is deep and lascivious and John can feel his body vibrating with it.
John eyes the stranger suspiciously. He's tall and lean, with brunette hair, wearing an immaculate if a little old-fashioned three piece suit made of heavy grey wool. It's been some time since John has seen fabric of such quality.
As he eats his supper, John has the best intentions to follow an episode of Midsummer Murder but as the story unfolds, he catches himself imagining Sherlock's pejorative comments on the thin plot and after half an hour even John knows who's done it. He doesn't make it to the second pod but falls asleep on the couch, the open can resting precariously between his thighs.
Sherlock suffers through all of this with an air of dignified aloofness, as if nothing can touch, embarrass or hurt him. Yet when the doctor points out the track marks on his legs, he briefly closes his eyes and swallows audibly. They actually think he's a prostitute and charge him with soliciting as well.
John is actually a bit disgusted by himself but Sherlock's lips part eagerly; he tries to go slowly but Sherlock is keen and very determined. John stills again briefly when the tip of his cock hits Sherlock's soft palate; he's afraid he might be hurting him but Sherlock only takes John's left hand and moves it down his throat, pressing it against his larynx. John can feel his cock swell and pulse, and then Sherlock makes a low guttural sound as he tries to take John even deeper and he's lost. His hips start pistoning in an erratic rhythm and he's sure he's choking Sherlock but he can't stop this, can't control this. His hand still rests just above Sherlock's Adams apple, holding on tight, almost blocking Sherlock's windpipe. John is too far gone to care, and then he's coming down Sherlock's throat while Sherlock sucks greedily, gulping for air, not spilling one drop as he swallows everything.
“Don't be ridiculous.” The man next to him gasps, sounding almost imperious despite having been thoroughly buggered. “Is that my come on your hand?”
“And that was that?” John asks.
Please, love, believe me when I tell you that you are my one and only.
“I thought it should never be named again?” Sherlock arches an eyebrow.
Or is John simply deceiving himself, deflecting from facing that he would have… what? Continued to touch Sherlock? No, that sounds too benign. He'd wanted Sherlock, in every sense of the word. And he would have taken him, claimed him. He'd been tempted to continue even after recognising that Sherlock wasn't really into it. He'd thought about talking him around. No, it hadn't been such a high cognitive function as thinking – more base, carnal need to touch, rut, rub; own. Yes, the primal urge to capture and seize.
Sherlock had leaned back against the cushions, his chest rising and falling rapidly. What was the matter with him? Why couldn't he contain himself, his delirious mind and treacherous body? If just sharing a bed and watching John masturbate had already gained such momentum, what would happen if they engaged in proper intercourse? Sherlock’s inner turmoil between the need to stay in control and the desire to surrender was almost driving him round the bend. Quite reluctantly, he had to admit to himself that he’d been ready to beg ... but for what exactly? More?...  Or less? The thought of offering himself up was as intoxicating as it was petrifying.
“Sherlock, you don't have to...” John's sensible explanation is cut off by an exasperated groan: “For god's sake, John, stop treating me like a wilting flower! You neither ravished nor seduced me. I initiated it. I'm a consenting adult! I can decide for myself.” He takes up his violin and bow a bit too belligerently, aggressively turning the pegs to tune the instrument.
“Are you stupid old man?! I got like a dozen witnesses that just saw you punch me!” The taller man screeched.
“Hey love.” John whispered gently and took a soft hold on Sherlock’s lax hand that wasn’t occupied with an IV fluid bag.
The sound of sprinting footsteps was heard and the punishing pressure against the detective’s back eased for a brief moment as the faceless attacker was caught by surprise. Then suddenly the pressure disappeared altogether and the sound of two bodies colliding with high speed and force resounded in the darkness followed by a pained grunt, presumably coming from the attacker as he was brutally tackled to the ground.
It wasn’t until a few days later when John came home from his shift that the doctor found his genius bend over the microscope once again in the kitchen, his back facing John.
With those final words Mycroft turned on his heel and exited the flat, leaving behind a speechless Ethan Davis in his wake.
“Uhmm, Sherlock.. Today is Wednesday.” John said.
“Mr. Holmes, I’m so sorry to disturb you this late at night but I didn’t know where else to go.” The boy rattled off quickly. He was shivering from the London chill, his eyes were large and vivid and his redblonde hair a dishevelled mess on top of his head.
Sherlock rolled his eyes slightly, obviously not affected so much by the cold to let such comments slide.
Sherlock made his way to the gym he knew John frequented since it was so close to the flat, only 5 minutes’ walk away.
John smiled at Sherlock as their landlady disappeared down the stairs, Sherlock tried so hard usually to keep up a a mask of indifference, but Mrs. Hudson had always had a soft spot in the detective’s heart. John was happy to see that the longer he’d gotten to know Sherlock the detective had slowly but surely been able to open more up to the people around him. Finally accepting that he finally had friends that accepted him for who he was and not just pretending or manipulating him for their own benefit, just to throw him out of their lives again once they’d gotten what they wanted from him.
As the very last word had escaped Sherlock’s mouth he closed the last distance between them and planted a sweet kiss on John’s lips. It wasn't demanding or pushy, just a soft and simple press of soft lips pressed against each other, unhurried and reassuring, but it still filled John with a warmth and love so incomparable that it felt like taking the first grasp of air after nearly drowning in icy water. Slowly and without, breaking their kiss, John slid his hands up Sherlock’s shoulders, caressing the long elegant neck and then into soft curls pulling them just a little closer. Sherlock responded by letting his arms wrap around John’s middle allowing them to press fully against each other’s bodies. When they at last parted John buried his head deeply into the hollow of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder and let out a long shuttering sigh of both relief and emotionally exhaustion.
That was it folks! The end of the story. Thank you soooo much for your sweet comments and the many kudos! I’m so glad so many seemed to enjoy this story.
Sherlock nodded in understanding. “Alright, I’ll be back soon.” He promised and bent down to plant a soft kiss on John’s lips the doctor gladly accepted.
“Our eyes are the second most complex organ followed by the brain.” Sherlock’s voice was wavering slightly by now.
“Right you do that, I’ll hurry as much as I can.” Lestrade said and hurried off back towards his office.
“I thought she loved me and now I look like a bloody idiot in front of the entire Scotland Yard. I’m the bastard who cheated on his wife only to be dumped by the woman he cheated with. Now everybody hates me and thinks it’s what I deserve, while she lives out her new romance. I guess that’s karma for you.” Anderson finished, his eyes once again breaking away from John’s. “I don’t even get why you came over, I thought you’d hate me most of all.”
“Molly, are you okay?” It was a mindless question to ask as he already knew the answer and the cause, but John had advised him to let people share their own thoughts. Apparently, most people didn’t appreciate having their personal problems deduced and announced publicly and clinically.
No such luck because Charlie was leaping onto the edge of the roof with a lightning speed.
“Another case solved, good job Sherlock” Lestrade said and patted the consulting detective approvingly on the shoulder.
“So where’s Sherlock now?” John then asked, not seeing his detective boyfriend anywhere.
“But.. Then who did?” Sherlock asked when finally calmed down and was laid back against his pillow after a few minutes, his voice like sandpaper.
“I swear to you Greg it was the seize of freaking Shelob from lord of the rings! You’d have shrieked to mate!” John justified intensely, which only resulted in another weave of laughter to overtake the crowd.
So hearing these two arrogant bastards speak of Sherlock in such an insulting degrading manner never failed to anger John severely, but before John could turn around and tell them to beat it. His slim limbed boyfriend had already turned around to face the still approaching officers, his face completely emotionless.
“Endearing huh?” He said, his voice dropping several tones. Sherlock shivered.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance.
John simply smiled that reassuring smile of his. “Well, I’m glad we finally on the same page about something, but you’re in no way in debt to me Mycroft.. I’ll do it all over again if I have to. As I said, I’ll always protect the ones I care for.” John shifted in his seat. “But now, if you don’t mind, I think it’s about time I head back home to Sherlock. He must be worried enough as it is. I’m glad you’re alright, but please try not to mess with the KGB in the future. Cause that guy was a pain in the ass.” John half laughed.
“Wait here. I’ll go fetch it for you.” Sherlock offered and disappeared up the stairs before Sally could argue.
John immediately moved to support the detective’s upper body and rubbed his back soothingly as the coughing got to run its course. All the while John tried to calm Sherlock down by muttering comfort directly into his ear. “I know Sherlock, I know! Take it easy love. It wasn’t your fault, you didn’t do it yourself.”
on your right arm two years ago by a low calibre bullet, fired by a teenager by mistake. You suffered a nonlethal flesh wound that required exactly four stitches and nothing more.” Sherlock quickly deduced taking a deep breath before continuing. “John Watson.. Was shot with a .50 calibre bullet fired from a sniper’s rifle while he was working on one of his comrades, preforming emergency field surgery in the middle of an active warzone! When that bullet pierced through him, you know what he did? He finished his job and he saved that man’s life! Afterwards he patched himself up as well as possible and he
“Yeah well, I was in the army for many years. If you haven’t noticed, I’m not the tallest bloke in the world and I quickly realised I’d have to work extra hard to earn some respect in there, especially because I aimed to advance as an officer. So, I honoured my skills, especially in hand to hand combat and people learned not to underestimate me despite my height. Having a vast knowledge of the human anatomy did help quite a bit too and I ended up teaching several combat and self-defence courses in my years of service.” John explained with a smile, because yes, he was damn proud of his skills, but he’d also worked his ass off to archive it. His smile however did falter a bit as he continued. “Unfortunately, I’m nowhere near as good as I used to be. Not after that bullet destroyed my shoulder, but I can work around it most times.” He said and finished his beer too.
“Oh God.. No more.. I’m sorry okay!! I’m sorry I did that! How should I know they were so damned admired and loved by everyone? Had I known I would suffer so much I would’ve never said those things, I swear!” Ethan begged.
“I’m sorry sir, but the patient is in too weak a condition. A second passenger is very unadvisable.
John himself had left for the surgery for the rest of the day, before Sherlock had woken up. Now as the detective sat alone in the flat he found his mood souring slowly and the feeling itself puzzled the tall brunet. Sherlock had several categories of ‘bad moods’. There was the tedious dark cloud of boredom when he’d been without a challenging case for too long. But John and he had just solved a case ranked an eight just two days ago so that wasn’t it. There was his brooding, slightly childish sulking whenever Mycroft was annoying and getting on his nerves. Mycroft’s meddling had however decreased drastically sine he’d started dating Lestrade. Sherlock huffed at the thought, stupid Mycroft thought he was clever at hiding it, but it was obvious! Except maybe to John, but Sherlock figured Lestrade would break the news himself when ready, so he kept his mouth shut for now. There was his frantic, crawling under his skin agitation whenever his mind was racing to fast for his body to follow. Those days were the worst and by now the only times he ever got close to missing his old cocaine habits. John however had provided a brilliant substitute in most cases and luckily those days were far in between by now, though not completely gone.
45 hours later:
The melody had turned into a beautiful sonnet, portraying the detective’s mood. He still had a hard time believing John had actually chosen him to be his. And thinking back on it know, Sherlock had decided that all that pain and heartache had been worth it all for leading him to John Watson.
“Ready.” Answered Mycroft.
While John talked outside the woman turned to Sherlock and asked a series of questions regarding his eyes and his current symptoms.
Sherlock tried to stand up, tried to get away but his body didn’t feel like his own and he stumbled the second he got to his feet.
“Wait, w-what? Where I’m going? I’m not going anywhere!” Davis stammered.
“No John, don’t be stupid. It was the shopkeeper’s son obviously!” Sherlock exclaimed, like it was the most apparent thing in the world.
The bartender finally placed both drinks in front of Sherlock and the detective fished up his wallet to pay. Just as the transaction had been made the idiot man reached forward his hand to reach for the mixed nuts bowl on the counter, but of bloody course he knocked over John’s beer in the process, spilling it all over and soaking Sherlocks phone that still lay on the bartop.
John arrives home to find Sherlock crying in the kitchen and he immediately runs to his lover’s side, eager to make things better.
“Your treat?” John said, his head still in his hands.
Sherlock’s eyes immediately lit up with excitement.
Sherlock walked out on the walkway and leaned against the railing. It wasn’t long before the detective’s observant kaleidoscope eyes were able to find the familiar silhouette of the doctor.
John once again tried to stop the tears by wiping them off with his sleeve.
After about five minutes Sherlock finally managed to work the lock open. He’d only managed to open it a fraction before Sally bolted out of the room and straight into his arms, clinging to him as if he was a lifeline, sobbing into his neck. Sherlock was taken aback at first. If someone had asked him who’d be the last person in the world to ever embrace him, Sally Donovan would have been pretty high on that list. But as fate would have it, he was actually not a stranger dealing with someone suffering a panic attack. It’s human nature to seek comfort and protection when faced with danger and Sally’s systems is clearly running all the red warning lights still. So he did what everyone else would do and wrapped his arms protectively around the small frame and simply allowed her to calm down in her own time. He even went as far as stroking her lightly on the back and make a soothing noise as her tears continued to fall.
Sherlock even offered Anderson small nod and thanks before he entered the villa and ascended the wide staircase to the crime scene located on the first floor. Ever since the night at the bar where he and John had joined the homicide division for drinks Sherlock had noticed, that for some reason, Anderson had actually started to become more and more useful and helpful at crime scenes. The man no longer spouted insults or offence the minute he walked in and so Sherlock hadn’t needed to retort back in same kind as they’d used to in the past. As a result, the joined corporation between Sherlock and Anderson’s forensic team now made the process of collecting evidence and generally the whole casework running so much smoother, to everyone’s joy.
Still no answer. And he knows his landlady is home because there’s light under the door and the radio is playing inside.
Sherlock took a deep breath. It was rare that John would have to be the voice of logic and Sherlock being the one reacting emotionally. It only seemed to further show how shaken up he really felt in the moment. As he looked back to Sally he could see the mixture of shame, sadness and frustration etched into her face and tears gathering in her eyes after his harsh words. He knew it wasn’t her fault of course and there was no use in playing the blame game anyway. She’d just been the easiest outlet for his own worry and frustrations. John was right though, they needed to work together to find Lestrade as quickly as possible.
“And what might that be then?” John asked with a sarcastic interest.
“Phillip please, and I would love to.” Anderson smiled and took the seat John had previously occupied. “May I get you a refill of that drink miss Hall?” He then asked.
Robertson’s eyebrows shot up at that. “Really? Do tell.”
Sherlock’s eyes were ablaze and filled with a mixture of emotions; sorrow, guilt, hurt, despair, determination.. Love? John had never seen Sherlock’s eyes so emotive ever before and couldn't bring himself to look away from them as Sherlock opened his mouth to speak once again.
"It’s alright love.. It’ll all be allright..” Sherlock whispered soothingly into the dark blond hair.
Just as John had settled Sherlock onto the couch with a steaming hot cup of tea there was a knock on the door. Before John went to answer it the door swung slightly open and Mrs. Hudson peeked inside.
Sally huffed her anger only growing, but she didn’t have the time for this nonsense. “This will have consequences when I find out who did this!” She growled with one last look around the room, before she turned on her heel to find some more pens in the downstairs supplyroom.
John took a deep breath, obviously mentally stealing himself for something he found uncomfortable, but necessary to get off his chest. “You were drugged Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You had to run to the surgery, you fell, tore your pants and skinned your hands.” At this Sherlock gently took one of John’s hands and gently kissed the raw skin of the palm.
John, in pain. It simply broke his heart and he wanted nothing more than make all that pain disappear.
“Now John!” Sherlock simply stated, his patience wearing thin by now. How was he supposed to keep resisting when John stood there looking like a real-life Adonis?!
In that moment, the scene abruptly exploded into motion. A secret doorway camouflaged very cleverly into the wall sprang open and a large, heavy man bolted out with a raging cry and a long serrated knife above his head in his left hand, racing straight towards John.
She weaved a hand in dismissal. “It’s nothing John really, I just felt a little lightheaded this morning. I feel much better already, there was really no need to bother you at work.”
THE END
15 minutes later Sherlock and Lestrade stood at the reception of a middleclass hotel where John had chosen to spend the night. Lestrade had offered John his couch to crash on, but the blonde didn’t want to intrude and said he wouldn’t mind some time alone so Lestrade had reluctantly agreed to drop him off right before he himself stormed off to find Sherlock and find out what the hell was going on.
Sherlock was wearing a bright pink apron with heart print and white fringes on the edges.
Charlie grasped the steal pipe with both his hands once again. “They’re. Just. Like. The. Others. Fucking. WANKERS!” He grunted out harshly and punctuated each word by striking everything in reach with the pipe. He was gasping for his breath when he finished and frustrated tears had gathered in the boy’s eyes.
“And what do you do?! You tackle me to the ground and then pins me down!! That was my only chance to catch him and then you go and ruin it all!! Why John?!!” Sherlock roared angrily.
Anderson looked at him in horror. “Are you crazy? She’s way to pretty for me, why would she even talk to me? I told you first impressions aren’t my forte.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor started to angrily march towards the building he’d been directed to. He entered a large room filled with rusty machinery and assembly lines. In the centre of it all stood Mycroft, looking as smug and proper with his three-piece suit and casually leaning on his slender umbrella, as always.
Sherlock and John get into a fight that nearly destroys their relationship (don't worry though, happy ending is ensured)
Sherlock patted his landlady’s hand gently in a calming manner. “Undoubtedly Mrs. Hudson but let’s not overreact. As I’ve heard the culprit have suffered plenty at the hands of John and DI Lestrade.”
“I suppose I wouldn’t have minded knowing beforehand, but I can understand why you’d be reluctant to say anything sooner. After all, you couldn’t be entirely sure you’d have the chance to meet him face to face and getting your hopes up to high and me being alert to the situation as well could end with disappointment from both ends. I know you’re a private person Sherlock and I think that should be respected.”
Sherlock eyed her calmly. He sensed that this was a moment where he had to tread very carefully. It was his own fault for having giving her false hope all these years, by flirting with her whenever he wanted something. But it was time to set things straight now, he owed her that much. “Yes, things with John are good, really good. He makes me happy and have made me a much better man than I used to be.”
John gently picked up the young boy, who in return wrapped his arms tightly around the Doctor’s neck. John stroked his back soothingly.
It works apparently, because Molly finally manage to break out a small smile. “That’s.. Really nice of you Sherlock.. That’d be lovely.. Thank you.” She says in a small voice.
It was nearly 3pm in the morning before Sherlock finally made his way into bed next to John, who’d been sleeping blissfully through the whole nights’ ordeal. The doctor however awoke slightly as his detective snuggled close and wrapped his tanned, strong arms around his lover. John yawned and spoke softly into soft, brown curls; “You’ve been up late, do I want to know what you’ve been doing to have kept me waiting for you so long?”
Anderson frowned and twirled the shotglass in his hands, not looking John in the eyes right away. “It’s just typical, isn’t it? I cheat on my wife for years to be with her and when I finally get my divorce she just dumps me to be with.. Him.” He spat the last word out, his eyes still on the table. There was a short pause of silence, John didn’t say anything yet, he had a feeling Anderson hadn’t gotten everything of his chest. Finally, the forensic lifted his head and met John’s eyes. They were filled with a mix of anger and sadness.
The silence stretched for well over a minute before Sherlock found his voice again.
All his childhood and teenage years he’d lived through so many failures to fit into a society, that left little room for any forms of eccentricities or the slightest abnormality. At every point in his life when he’d made efforts to be accepted socially by his peers he’d either been humiliated, used, mocked or on more than one occasion literally beaten down. The pain of repeatedly rejection and breakdowns had caused Sherlock deciding to start building his tall walls of emotionlessness and indifference in his late teens. He’d then labelled himself as a high functioning sociopath to shield himself for further let-downs. His walls had only grown thicker and more impenetrable as the years went by. With no levelminded associates to offer any forms of support or means of outlet he’d found himself turning to drugs to settle his racing mind and tendencies to selfloathing. It didn’t take long for his habit to turn into a fullblown addiction.
“Thank you, we do.” John answered and felt Sherlock’s arm tighten slightly on his waist.
“Of course, excuse me John, this is Ethan Davis. He’s American and have just moved to the UK and joined my division, so this is his first case working with us.” Greg introduced before turning to the man named Ethan. “Ethan, this is Dr. John Watson. He and Sherlock are our freelance partners that I told you about. They’re a great addition to our investigations and works effectively with the whole division. They’re the best at what they do.”
Sally stepped out to the onto the small area outside indicated for smokers. Her brow winkled in confusion when she didn’t see Sherlock out here as expected. There were only one couple a few of feet away, passing a fag back and forth between them. She lit up her own cigarette and blew out the smoke while she looked around. Could he have gone home already? She doubted it, the detective wouldn’t just leave without telling John first. She continued her speculations, pulsing on her cigarette when suddenly her attention was caught by a young boy, turning the street corner in a sprint hollering loudly in his wake.
Yes, this was shaping up to be a very nice evening indeed. Sherlock himself had already enjoyed a couple of drinks of his own and were starting to reach that pleasant buzz this accompanied. This probably also allowed himself to be more outgoing and less inhibited than he normally would be around others but John, but he really didn’t mind that anymore as it would have in the past.
John stood back up with a slight groan. “Make sure to keep him well hydrated. The Penicillin should do the trick, but keep monitoring his fever closely, if it rises further take him back to a check-up at the doctor’s office.” He said to Dimmock.
(again.. So sorry!)
Sherlock’s smile stayed in place and the detective held his own hands on the elbows of the shorter man, staying in contact as he answered.
Suddenly Sherlock took a gentle hold of both John’s shoulders and returned his eyes to the doctor’s.
“Sherlock, what the hell is this thing doing in the fridge?”
“I said leave, now!” Anderson growled dangerously and pushed John a bit, letting his shoulder go. Once again John put a little action into it, stumbling a bit before standing up tall again, portraying a look of anger and embarrassment. “Whatever, like I care. You can have her mate.” John spat and quickly marched away out of sight.
Sherlock's work is compromised due to a dull eyesight problem. A solution must me found!
Greg sat back with a broad smile. He really looked forward to this arrangement with John. He had a feeling it’d do him a world of good.
He’d made it through the first two movies alright. As the story had progressed John had witnessed with glee as Sherlock, despite his best efforts had been thoroughly engulfed in the plot. Halfway through the second movie Sherlock had been so emerged that he’d thrown his long legs onto John’ lap to make himself more comfortable. John’s heart had almost skipped a beat at that point. He’d forced himself to just gently rest his hands atop Sherlock’s pajamas clad legs, suppressing his desire to caress the long limbs. But as he’d put in the last DVD, Sherlock complaining about John’s lack of speed in doing so, John had found himself softly nodding off after only 30 minutes, the warmth and comfort of being so close to Sherlock pulling him under quickly. Something however had awoken him from his soft slumber. John was a light sleeper, a trait he’d gained while in the army. His body was tuned to react to any form of danger or conflict, even asleep.
John opened the fridge in hopes of finding the butter to go with one of those newly baked buns the dear Mrs. Hudson had kindly made for Sherlock and him. But to the doctor’s dismay, the immediate first thing he spots is a human heart bagged with ice that is placed right between the cheese and the leftover Chinese from yesterday.
“What the hell!” She exclaimed and started pulling at the door, lighting the handle up with her phone, the only light in the room. It wouldn’t budge of course, she’d heard it being locked after all. Sally could feel her heartrate starting to elevate but forced herself to take deep breaths. “Robertson, let me out this instant, that’s an order!” She commanded with a greater authority than she felt at the moment.
“Don’t. You. Fucking. Touch. Him. You. BASTARD!!” John roared after each punch. The man tried to pry him off desperately, grunting in pain as each punch landed, but John had him trapped helplessly under him.
“You know, if that thing really stains your eyes so much at the moment you really shouldn't use it so much all the time.” John said, not wanting his love to sustain yet another headache.
Sherlock and John’s relationship was still only about three weeks old, having finally realized that their shared connection had been so much deeper than just friendship, but they had decided to keep it a secret for now.  Some people probably wouldn’t be surprised by their relationship at all, seeing as so many already assumed they were dating (which was true now of course), but other’s might look upon their relationship disapprovingly and with contempt (really, too many homophobes inhabited this world). unfortunately Sally and Anderson were without a doubt two of those people who would strongly dislike the thought of them together. Most likely because they had the idea that Sherlock was nothing more than a heartless robot, incapable of love, which definitely was the biggest lie of the century according to John. True Sherlock had had problems identifying the feelings he had felt towards John because he had never felt anything like it before. But once Sherlock had identified his feelings and John had admitted to himself that he might not be as straight as he thought himself to be – Sherlock had proved to be nothing short of an amazing boyfriend and lover, passionate, protective, gentle and caring. Of course he still had his occasional mood swings, but John hadn’t expected anything less. Sherlock made him feel loved and wanted. Something he hadn’t felt for a long, long time.
Most of the night’s pedestrians ignored the young boy or told him to scram as he passed them, either too drunk to care or suspecting what he was doing was a sly try at a trick thieving. Sally couldn’t explain why she reacted as she did, but she quickly reached out and caught the boy’s arm before he could run past her. Her mind was telling her he was probably just a streetwise kid out making trouble and to just ignore him, but her gut told her she needed to at least hear what the lad had to say before letting him run off again. The boy stumbled slightly backwards when he was suddenly forced to make an abrupt stop, but quickly regained his bearings looking up with scared, yet determined eyes at the sergeant.
“We will Donovan, after you’ve had some time to consider your treatment of your colleagues. We’ll come back when we think you’ve cooled down enough.”
Just then a young man climbed through the fence at the end of the alley. He may have been young, but he wasn’t small of stature. The teen had broad shoulders and a compact, muscular body. The boy stopped as he stepped through the gap and saw a gathering of men, all watching him sharply. The tension of his body was impossible to miss as he saw the police issued firearms two of the younger looking men were obviously carrying.
He sits up onto his knees and looks at John over his shoulder. “How do you want me?”
“No problem. I'm a regular. I live upstairs.” John volunteers.
Sherlock listens, pricking up his ears. His body is alert, tense and his wrought up nerves finally force him to retract, to close in on himself as his world shrinks to the space illuminated by his bedside lamp. He hugs his legs tighter, rests his forehead against his kneecaps, inhales, exhales, inhales.
“I guess I know who killed himself here. No wonder grandfather didn't rent the flat after that.” He chokes out, before words fail him and he just holds onto John, pressing his hot face against his neck until the crying fit subsides.
“I tried to make a difference.” Sherlock whispers as John tells him how proud he is of him. “I was so naïve...”
A quarter of an hour later, Sherlock's got his stuff set up on the kitchen table: microscope, slides, scalpel, tweezers, plastic container full of glibbery oculars, some with the optical nerve still attached. It says a lot about the serene quality of their living arrangements that John, as he emerges from the stairs on his way towards the bathroom, does not even raise an eyebrow when noticing what Sherlock busies himself with.
Wilhelmstraße was the seat of the Reichssicherheitshauptamt (RSHA) in Berlin.
“Perhaps...” William is scanning the content of the box again.
“But I'd like a white.”
But frankly, while slightly humiliating, either would be preferable to John continuing his ministrations while muttering encouragement or threats, or a mixture of both (
John sighs. “That's actually a bit … creepy.”
“Sorry.” He splutters.
“What's your real name?” John asks suddenly.
“Well, it's you who always insists on me taking more care of all matters financial. Gibson wants to hand over his cheque. I'd thought you'd approve,” Sherlock states, but beneath his cocksure behaviour John can sense uncertainty.
Sherlock steps aside as if in trance.
“John, don’t make a fuss. It’s perfectly save…” Sherlock sounds bored to death.
A few minutes later a wet body emerges from the bath, clad in nothing but his now fully open black shirt. The skin beneath is glistening pink, scrubbed clean. On the lean chest shines a silver necklace, while between the man's legs an exceptionally beautiful long cock starts to stir.
“Why do I have the feeling that you'll be the ruin of me?” John asks before pressing a kiss to those impossible lips to shut the undoubtably cocky remark up.
“John?”
“T'es rien qu'un petit connard.” Was the answer he got.
“Well, you are the consulting detective in this bed. Ah, Sherlock, just fuck me, will you?”
I want to die.
“What those men have been through...,” John wonders after a moment. “Oppression, injury, separation. Still, they served their country, a country that continued to punish them for who they were and whom they loved.”
He wants to scream, to thrash, to drive matches under his fingernails and stick pins into his eyeballs!
Afterwards, instead of relieved and elevated, Sherlock had felt jaded and weary. He'd tried to cheer himself up by extracting samples from the cuttings of the human lung still kept in the fridge, to establish Aspergillosis infestation but the sight of a scalpel in his hand had made him uneasy.
“Why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you stop me? You have a black belt and the most vindictive tongue in London!”
But was he really prepared to go through with this? So far, they had barely even consciously touched one another. Did John want to? Maybe he was offended by Sherlock's undeniable maleness? And would Sherlock be able to… cope with John’s attentions?
The man below him has stayed silent so far, but suddenly, he moans, low and guttural. The sound shoots directly to John's balls.
Yours always
That is easier said than done with John's pants still around his thighs but he tries to comply as best he can.
Sherlock suddenly feels anger welling up inside him. “Why is it always me, John? Do I ask about Afghanistan? Or the army? Harry? Your parents?” Sherlock has to tilt his head slightly back to look John in the face. He can see a vein starting to throb at John's temple.
When he found John sleeping next to him in the early hours, his heart skipped a beat. Perhaps his observations had been incorrect? Based on insufficient data or inaccurate initial conditions?
Sherlock gazes out of the window again and stays silent for the rest of the drive.
The fighting continues. So many dead. But we are holding our ground. Sometimes we even advance. It's a bloody battle, I can tell you.
“No, you don't, you stupid wanker. Look at me!” Reluctantly, Sherlock turns around. It's too dark to make out details but John is aware of wide eyes and the pained line of Sherlock's tight mouth. “I have no idea where all this between us is heading. I don't know what you expect or want or need from me. I've never done anything like this with a bloke. Honestly, it's a bit terrifying. Especially with you. So, please... I'd very much like to share a bed with you.”
“No, I haven't. You just never listen properly.”
“That's my honest answer, then: I don't know.”
“My name is not...! Apparently, two, in the last one hundred years. Not that improbable.”
Sherlock never begs.
offers discreet alcoves and Sherlock heads for one of them. As money is no problem these days, the transaction is swift and businesslike. No favours are called in; no demands have to be met. Sherlock knows what he wants and his purveyor has it on offer. The exchange takes barely a minute. Sherlock is back home just a quarter of an hour after leaving. He feels sordid anyway.
At this, Sherlock actually smiles. It's a genuine, spontaneous smile that transforms his whole expression. John feels a small flicker of hope bloom inside.
Sherlock's eyes bore into John's. “Are you trying to ask if I molested underaged boys? Rest assured John, I didn't. But I did not just stick to pupils. Teachers. Members of staff. I wasn't especially picky.” Beneath Sherlock's salacious smile John can sense a viciously acerbic undercurrent. Sherlock tilts his head slightly before observing: “This turns you on.”
Sherlock seems slightly annoyed by the unwanted attention towards his attire. “You are wasting time. Let us get down to the facts.”
So, this just happened. I'm aware that there might be some historic inaccuracies occurring in the above chapter, but please show some forbearance, as this is still mostly pwp.
He's seen Sherlock starkers. That's unavoidable if one's flatmate has the habit of wandering the shared rooms just wrapped up in a thin sheet. So John has quite accurate data to extrapolate from. He knows that the dark hair between Sherlock's legs surrounds a strikingly impressive cock, even in its flaccid state. It's long and rather thick and John wants to see Sherlock's elegant pale fingers wrapped around it, wants to make him tug rough and firm, then to slow down and just tease himself a little, until Sherlock’s creamy skin is flushed pink and he's positively gagging for it.
“I show you how fit I am, you spoiled brat.” John growls, pushing one hand up into William’s curls and the other down his pyjama bottoms.
“Problem?”
“Because he thinks money is the answer to everything and that everybody can be bought.”
“God, you are so wet for me, love.” John whispers in Sherlock's ear, pinching his nipple with one hand while the thumb of the other slides over Sherlock's slit. Sherlock writhes and squirms in his arms, moaning filthy encouragement in that deep baritone of his to spur John on.
As he has no idea what might have got Sherlock’s knickers in a twist, John spends the evening watching telly, sipping on  a can of Boddington's while munching a sandwich, followed by a packet of crisps he’d located at the back of a cupboard, where it had slipped behind a rice cooker (Who knew they had such a gadget? But then, Sherlock probably boils maggots in it, or uses it to sterilize his scalpels.) Anyway, John’s happy enough to have unearthed something edible. Food is not a given thing in their kitchen.
It’s a hot, dry summer, and Sherlock often goes out in just his shirtsleeves. He doesn’t care if passers-by think this inappropriate. “Make mend and do,” he says, grinning. John smiles back at him, their hands, arms and shoulders lightly brushing as they walk side by side. Sherlock’s pale forearms and neck acquire a healthy tan, and John loses himself in admiring the lines dividing Sherlock’s skin in fairer and darker parts when he has him naked in bed.
Like some sort of fairground magician, Sherlock produces a cord from one of his unfathomably deep pockets.
Sherlock doesn't seem to recognise the effect his tone and general attitude has on John as he demands: “Grab the back of your knees.” John does but has no idea where all this is leading to. He's lying flat on his back, his arse raised by the pillow and wonders what he'd let himself in for. When he hears the cap of the lube bottle flip open and feels a cold dollop hit his exposed anus he hisses: “Fuck, Sherlock!”
Sherlock arches an eyebrow, looking doubtful.
Sherlock finally disentangles himself from John and shrugs. He looks a bit lost in the much-too-big sweater, making him appear even more fragile and very young. “Might as well. Though I don't think it's really necessary. We don't need that room anymore. We could just leave all those things up there.”
Eventually, they relocate to Sherlock's bed. It's small, but it's a real bed with a mattress, pillows and blankets. They both have slept in much worse conditions the previous years, so they don't care if it's narrow. They appreciate it, in fact.
John jerks awake, hitting Sherlock in the ribs with his elbow as he sits up straight.
A little better. Fever down, but wound still festering.
John huffs in annoyance. “And I hadn't thought you a champion for equal marriage. Isn't any form of matrimony a long dead relic to you, dull, mundane and hypocritical?”
“Who's the tease now?” John pants.
There's a somewhat tense exchange until, eventually, the officer leaves.
When he's finished, John stares down at Sherlock's naked chest, his peaked pink nipples and protruding ribs quickly rising and falling in elevated breathing. His mind goes back to the other night he saw Sherlock exposed, broken and injured like this and something hot and heavy like liquid lead starts to pool in his stomach. John's hands shake slightly as he tenderly pushes the rags from Sherlock's shoulders, his palms gliding over the firm cool ridges of Sherlock's scapulae.
“Oh, god! Fuck me!” John grunts. “You know that's what I want. I want you to fuck me.”
John produces the gun from the small of his back, a short, handy, but very serviceable weapon (not unlike his owner). Sherlock undoes the catch, shakes out the cartridges and examines it with care.
“Please, fuck me, fuck my tight hole, I'm all yours, use me as you please.”
----------
There's a name and address below: Sherlock Holmes, 221 b Baker Street, W 1.
Mrs. Hudson smiles the smile of the long suffering back at him.
“Then perhaps you should just accept that?” Greg finally looks at John. His eyes are dark but understanding; his whole expression shows deep concern.
“Where were you the night Mario died?” Sherlock doesn't bother to hide his suspicion.
Sherlock is absent-mindedly stirring even more sugar in his tea while his eyes rest thoughtfully on John, who is by now used to being scrutinised by this sharp, otherworldly gaze; but today it's suddenly all a bit too much.
Sherlock returns to the bed with the bottle of wine in one hand and a small black book, battered on its edges, held together by an elastic strap, in the other. He offers it to John with a serious look despite his nonchalance. John takes it, opens it and stares down at page after page of undecipherable dots, circles and wavy lines.
He will deal with this.
Was that what trust looked like? Longing? Adoration?
And then he pushes in, right between Sherlock's slick, firm thighs. It’s tight. It's hot. It's slippery. It's amazing. John starts to rock his hips, pumping Sherlock's cock in time, and soon they are both panting, sweating, gasping.
“Do you kiss?” John asks, his hot breath ghosting over Sherlock's swollen lips.
John suddenly experiences an unsettling feeling of foreboding. His mouth is dry; his skin prickles. He fears he knows where this is heading and wants to run from the room and away from Sherlock’s low, mesmerising voice. But he won't. Whatever Sherlock wants to share with him, John will take it.
-----------
After lighting a candle, Sherlock pulls the belt tight over his upper arm, then wipes first the inside of his elbow with an antiseptic dab, before cleaning the spoon with a second one. He gives a small pile of the grey-brown gear onto the spoon, mixes it with the citric powder (he's a chemist, he knows that brown heroin needs acid added to be broken down into a administrable solution), finally adding some drops of water. He cooks it until the the powder has resolved into a light brown but otherwise limpid liquid. Than he draws up the syringe. His veins have swollen nicely, so he loosens the tourniquet and is just about to sink the needle into his arm when he hesitates, the tip hovering in shaky fingers just inches away from breaching his nearly translucent skin.
It takes Sherlock a moment to catch on and look down at his crotch. “I'm fine.” He says flatly.
The other reason John has only very rarely engaged in this sort of activity is that groping, frotting and even snogging another bloke can be attributed to a base need for human touch and contact, just two bodies rubbing against each other, seeking friction. One can still retain the impression that it's not mandatory for the other participant to be male. It could be anybody, or so John told himself for a long time during which he avoided to come to terms with his predilections. But anal intercourse makes those predilections utterly undeniable. It's sodomy. It's buggery. It's what gets you into prison for a very long time.
Their eyes lock. John’s pupils are blown wide, his usually azure blue irises turned into a dark navy halo.
“I know but that place was a bit out of the question for us. Mind, she had the marks and all – but her amongst those toffs? That's just not our cup of tea...” Lestrade shakes his head. “She might've ended up marrying a duke.” He looks outright disgusted at the prospect.
Sherlock stares back, unblinking; his eyes, two black holes in his bruised face. John isn't sure if it's just the effect of the light playing on his features.
“Who’s to say you don’t become his fifth victim?” John shouts. “Why has it to be you?”
“No, Sherlock, please, stop it. I have no right... you don't have to explain...” John hears his voice crack; he presses his palms fiercely against his eye sockets to not embarrass himself any further.
Sherlock turns to look back at John. “Wouldn't that be boring?” A slightly devilish grin curls Sherlock's impossible lips.
“Good night, John.” Sherlock whispers as he hears the door above pulled shut, his hands gripping the kitchen table so fiercely that his knuckles have turned white.
John might get whiplash from how vigorously he shakes his head. “And without lubrication!” He exclaims.
Contact dead.
It still hurts a bit, but the feeling of John moving inside him is intoxicating. Especially when he speeds up, chasing just his own orgasm, using Sherlock for his pleasure. John has his head thrown back, teeth bared, sweat darkening his blond hair, and Sherlock's suddenly aware that this man has not much in common with the considerate, gentle, yet also somewhat cautious lover he usually shares the bed with. This man has lowered his guard and takes what he wants. Sherlock didn’t think he would enjoy being treated as a sex object, but somehow it's actually liberating. No need to worry about if John enjoys what they are doing – as it is obvious he does. No guilt either, for fear of lacking something John might expect in a sexual relationship – tenderness, experience, confidence when it comes to one’s own sexual predilections – is it doesn't matter right now. John takes and Sherlock gives. It can be so easy.
Sherlock hesitates a moment, then follows.
All my love
“Cramp. Left leg. Fuck!” John gasps out, obviously in agony.
Sherlock shoots him a dark look. “I know, John. While I was genuinely repelled by his presence.”
After adjusting, stretching out, leaning his head back, Sherlock closes his eyes and drifts off. His mind is blank. He thinks of nothing, just relishes as his muscles relax and his frozen body warms up again. As the tension eases, so does his grip on his memory and images start to flood his thoughts: The angry distorted face of a man, spider web tattoo on his broad neck
“I'm not lounging. John is inflicting some rather superfluous medical treatment upon me. I'd be therefore much delighted if you could discourage him, Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock says something, but his voice seems to come from far away and then everything goes dark. The next thing John knows, he's crouching on the floor with Sherlock by his side, holding a plastic bag in his shaking hands. John takes it with equally unsure fingers, presses it to his mouth and starts breathing into it while Sherlock rubs soothing circles into his back. It takes a few minutes but then John's head clears; the buzzing in his ears ceases and his breathing evens.
Sherlock leans back in his chair opposite John, folds his hands and rests his interlaced fingers on the kitchen table. He needs a moment to contemplate what John has just said.
“You really don't get it, do you?” John looks up at Sherlock, frowning. As he is met with a somewhat aloof smirk, he redirects his attention to a pair of B-list celebrities trying to waltz around a flashy stage, fake smiles cemented on their heavily made-up faces, the woman wearing a flimsy piece of polyester fabric, barely covering her private parts. It's ridiculous and a little bit repelling. “As you don't seem to have any scruples, you might actually enjoy yourself.” John addresses the screen instead of Sherlock.
I finally broke down a few weeks back. My comrades had to leave me behind on a farm. The people took me in and cared for me, for which I'll be eternally grateful. I'm masking as a labourer. Thank god my Polish is almost fluent by now. But I keep myself to myself now that I'm better. I have no idea when I might join my unit again. No means of communication.
John suddenly remembers that he's an Englishman. He's not supposed to take a bath at an eccentric stranger's place. “Wait... what... I can't.”
“Real. Not this sluttish nonsense.”
“Honestly, John, why were you making such a fuss in the first place?”
The roof of this dilapidated hut is leaking. Everything is wet and smells. My French
Oh, I nearly forgot: Merry Christmas, John.
“You can't be that insatiable.” Sherlock states, his expression wavering between disbelieving and slightly impressed.
John can't help it, the man makes him sick. “Well, why did Dunbar stay with you after that?” He enquires and some of his disdain must be audible in his voice.
With these words he raises the pistol to his temple and then let go of his grip. In an instant the weapon is whisked away by the weight of the stone, striking, with a sharp crack against the balustrade before vanishing over the side into the water. Sherlock grins, looking triumphant and very pleased with himself.
“On what grounds?” John asks, frowning.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” John groans, then literally jumps out of bed (barely escaping toppling over as his feet get tangled in the sheets) and dashes after him, grabbing Sherlock's arm as he reaches the foot of the steps.
“Get up.” Sherlock demands urgently. After John has climbed onto the bed with Sherlock still clinging onto him, John’s torso is lowered on top of the duvet until his weight rests solely on his shoulders and his right forearm while his naked arse pokes obscenely into the air.
Luckily – and from experience - John keeps everything he needs to perform basic surgery in a plastic box stored in the bathroom. But as Sherlock might need more than a local anaesthetic, John remembers confiscating Sherlock's tramadol, only to quickly abandons the thought. He's not sure what exactly Sherlock took last night but strongly suspects that it has been something you shouldn't mix with opioid pain medication. So, all that's on offer is ibuprofen. Its pain-killing properties are pitiful in the face of Sherlock’s injuries but it will, at least, begin the process of reducing the swelling.
“Spread your legs a bit.”
“Not really with you trying to make meaningless conversation.”
“About what, exactly? I’m really not sure what you are hinting at.” But that’s a lie. John fears he knows exactly what Lestrade is alluding to.
“Got quite an eyeful, did you?” He asks, while giggling so hard his eyes water. Sherlock cringes at the innuendo but John's laughter is contagious and soon they are both shaking with it.
But then Sherlock moves a bit closer and starts to unhook his fly and John's mind goes blank. Sherlock slowly pulls the zip down and shimmies out of his tight bespoke trousers. Underneath, he's only wearing snug grey boxer briefs. His impressive erection strains against its cotton barrier, the glistening head just visible above the waistband. John unconsciously licks his lips. God, how he'd love to lick Sherlock, taste him.
“Case.”
John is still flushed from arousal, but his erection seems to have subsided. His fingers shake slightly as he rubs his face and sighs.
There's a short silence after this statement.
Sherlock's been through all of what is coming for them before and survived. This gives John the strength he needs to collect himself. And it might not be the last time this is happening to them either. Ss things stand, the law is against them, and the authorities have every right to arrest and punish them.
William looks up from the letter. “Ok, you win. They truly met in Naples. God, I can't believe it. It's like some trashy slush you watch on TV.”
He sent John a pointed text, openly conveying his annoyance before rolling over with a sulky huff, pulling up the sheets around him, watching the grey London light slowly fill the small room.
There's a short silence.
Yes, I am a little drunk. But as it's Christmas time, let a man dream.
“Well, why would I?”
“Could you cut the chase and come to the point?” John asks. He's getting a little annoyed.
“What time is it?” John inquires, just to say something and finally Sherlock condescends to answer.
John gazes down at his feet. He feels uneasy, as if he'd just glimpsed something unsavoury on his plate but doesn't want to upset the cook by complaining.
John had his arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist but he didn't feel trapped or pestered, just quite content. That was why the disappointment hit him all the more severely when John left again. He was fobbed off with a rather short note, asking him to come to Angelo's.
There will be an epilogue.
My love,
“Don't you dare ever leave me again, Sherlock.” John hisses against Sherlock's nape. “Don't you dare.”
Did he just nearly violate his flatmate?
John, by now rather peeved, just shakes his head, shrugs, then leaves to meet Stamford for a pint or two at Mike's local. It's a pleasantly normal afternoon, as they talk shop and rugby while downing some not too fancy craft beers.
“Please, this is not easy for me... but… honestly… where do you stand regarding all… this?” Again, John's hand makes an indecisive gesture but now it's more a weave between the two of them. John vividly imagines the cogs in Sherlock's head turning. “Please, I know that must sound rather brazen, coming from me, but don't think too much. Just say… something.”
“So, you are… Scott?” The voice is suddenly much closer and Sherlock spins around, his eyes wide in shock.
I'm not feeling too well. Could need you now. I miss you so much...
“Before? Oh. I don't know if it’s any consolation to you but if you think being turned down changes how I… feel… for you, then you are quite mistaken. I hope that's not too distressing?” John has turned a delicious shade of pink.
Something primal and wild rises inside John as the urge to hurt threatens to break the smooth surface of well behaved, domesticated demeanour, shredding the last barriers of John’s self-control to pieces. He imagines his core principles and ethical standards burning like bright beacons until all that's left of them is smouldering cinder. It would be so easy. It would be so good.
Sherlock huffs out a derisive little laugh. “Obviously...”
The flat is unlit, chilly and silent. John checks the living room, kitchen and bathroom before knocking on Sherlock's bedroom door. There's no answer, so he hesitantly opens it to peer inside; the room is empty, the bed made and undisturbed.
“Now that's a relief...”
“Ok?” Sherlock asks in his velvety voice and John can only groan with pleasure.
My dearest John,
My dearest Sherlock,
“Don't...” he starts.
Suddenly, John is not quite sure what exactly they are discussing anymore.
John presses two pills in Sherlock's palm, then reaches for the water bottle he's also brought with him.
John throws an exasperated look over at their kitchen table, covered entirely with Bunsen burners, glass flasks and Petri dishes growing god knows what (William deemed it as an experiment a fortnight ago). “Sadly, you don’t bring in the decent salary associated with an academic post.” He growls.
John presses the cold bag of peas (considerately wrapped in a tea towel so as not to add freezer burn to Sherlock's battered face) against Sherlock's already clean forehead, then pulls Sherlock's right hand up to hold the improvised cooling aid in place, before he continues to dab at Sherlock's sore face.
“Oh Sherlock...!” John can't hold it back; it slips past his lips before he can stop himself.
John has to cover his eyes with his free hand as Sherlock slides down from his bed and onto his knees on the floor boards in front of him.
Sherlock eventually releases John’s wrists and grips his hips instead; John instinctively holds onto the headboard again. They lock eyes. John licks his lips; Sherlock watches him, utterly focused, before he starts to fuck him in earnest. And John takes it.
So he stays silent, tries to ignore Sherlock's behaviour and makes excuses for him; like, when Sherlock stops talking mid-sentence, his eyes losing focus; hadn't he always done this?
Sherlock nodded against his neck.
Just as they neared the front door Anderson stepped out, wearing his blue forensic crime suit. He pulled back the hood and took off the facemask to offer them both a welcoming smile and raised his hand in a quick greeting. “Hey guys. Sherlock, I’ve just finished taking photos for documentation. Otherwise nothings been touched yet so the scene should be clear for you to examine.” He said.
Lestrade paced back and forth in front of the parked police car, inside two young officers were seated. Neither of them had met Sherlock Holmes or John Watson before and both were eager to see if the rumours of the two men’s brilliance were true. Lestrade had figured it would be a good chance for the newcomers to learn the drill of investigation and since Sherlock had yet to meet them he wouldn’t be able to complain until later about it.
She was still fuming silently as she reached her destination. She opened the door to the tiny room, filled with all those small essentials for every larger office. She reached for the contact to light up the small space, but to add to insult the small lightbulb did not work. Sighing for maybe the hundredth of times she turned on the small flashlight on her phone to illuminate the small space. There had to be hundreds of items stacked on the many shelves and the pens were nowhere in sight. She stepped into the room to continue her search, but just as she entered the door slammed behind her and to the sergeant/ DI’s fright heard the lock click and muffled voices penetrating the door.
Anthea came over to stand at Mycroft’s side. “We should get you home too sir. You’ve had a trying night.” She said.
John, who walked faithfully at his lover's side, couldn’t suppress a small chuckle.
Sherlock offered her a forgiving smile. “That’s quite alright Mrs. Hudson they can come up. Why don’t you join us too? John just made tea.” Sherlock offered. It was clear Mrs. Hudson was awfully distressed by the news of Sherlock’s hospitalization and the cause of it. When they’d entered 221 she’d come out to greet them as usual, trying to maintain her usual cheerfulness and suppressing her urge to fuss over Sherlock like a mother hen, afraid it’d be unwelcome.
“Alright mate, steady now. On three.” Greg whispered discreetly. “1.. 2..3.” Sherlock and Greg lifted the almost limp form of John into a standing position. John let out a pained gasp as he was manhandled, but grateful to be led away from the many worried and curious looks.
“Why so uptight love, we’re just having a nice conversation here aren’t we?” John lifted his hand from the bar and started to reach out for the woman’s thigh. This being Anderson’s sign to act. Just as planned, a hand reached over and grasped his right shoulder, turning him around before his hand found its destination.
John was not one to flatter himself, but it was obvious that since his arrival Sherlock had been able to offer up more of his true self more and not just to John but Mycroft, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson as well. To be one of the chosen few to be allowed to fill such a big part of Sherlock’s life was all he could hope for. So John fought to keep his feelings buried as deeply as he could and carried on like the soldier he was.
Lestrade jumped out of his patrol car and walked at a brisk pace towards Sherlock’s brother. “Give me a status Mycroft! Have you heard any additional gunshots being fired?” The DI asked.
Sherlock’s eyes widened a bit and looked at his lover. “Are you sure?” he asked uncertainly.
Sherlock grew a bit worried of his own at his lover’s sudden sorrow and silence. “What? Have we been on a case? Did I do something not good?” Sherlock asked hurriedly, afraid he might once again have done something to upset John.
John’s instincts took over as he sprinted towards Sally as fast as his legs could carry him. By now the rest of the yarders had caught on, but they were all way too far away to have any hope of reaching Sally in time. It was up to John.
They start with letter number one and systematically make their way through the war experiences of this stranger called John. The cheap paper is brittle and the folds in the pages are sharp, as if they'd been folded and unfolded many times. They have to be very careful as to not have them crumble between their fingers.
to remember. If I hadn't known that before, I surely learned it when I was away.”
“You alright?” John asks, in an attempt to sober up a bit and acting like a considerate lover.
“Oh, well, then... no problem.”
John considers Sherlock's words. “Isn't there anything you'd like to keep?”
John is truly shocked by what Sherlock has been through, especially in Poland. He completely understands that Sherlock couldn't return to England, not with the horrible knowledge he'd acquired.
And yet, the gorgeous man in front of him shamelessly bares himself, drawing back his knees and lifting his hips to expose his tight, dark-pink hole.
“I imagine he wants to add a more personal touch.”
“What?” Sherlock huffs.
“Please, let me help you. Whatever it is you need... I'll try my best to give it to you.” John is actually blushing. He's not used to giving such emotional reassurances; and Sherlock is not used to receiving them.
“What do you think? Gross indecency, of course.”
“No, the other… issue.” There's obvious disdain in Sherlock's tone and John suddenly knows that he has reached a dead end. There's stubbornness and then there's Sherlock.
“You like it?”
“That's not what people usually say.” Victor tells him.
John and Sherlock share a bed as often as possible with their odd schedules. John has to work longer and longer shifts – both day and night – and Sherlock's comings and goings are even more unpredictable. Yet whenever they meet under one roof, it doesn't take long for them to get rid of their clothes and tumble into each other's arms.
The man sinks on his knees in front of John and reaches for his fly. As John grabs his wrists the man freezes.
It takes all the strength he can muster to stride past John, back into the kitchen, lowering himself onto his chair; to preen down his microscope as if it's about to reveal the panacea for all human suffering, from the common cold to back taxes.
“Sherlock?” John's voice is low, not an actual whisper but just very quiet.
Bored.
Suddenly Lestrade grabs John's upper arm, nearly knocking him of his seat.
Sherlock's voice is steady and cold as he speaks again. “I was shocked. I didn’t believe him. I thought he was making it all up to get attention. I told him so. Then I left him. The next day he was found dead.”
No answer. Which sadly isn't that unusual since.... Sherlock's quieter now, often lost in thoughts. Or actually asleep. Like, really sound asleep, in the afternoon, on the couch. Because he doesn't sleep well at night. Fair enough, Sherlock has always been an early riser but these days he often thrashes in his dreams and sometimes wakes up with a strangled sob, the sheets all twisted and sweaty. He usually gets up then and goes over into the sitting room to play his violin, regardless of the hour. John pretends not to notice and fakes snoring to give Sherlock some space.
And then John sees it. A heap of dark crumbles, some bigger pieces still intact and recognisable – an arm, a leg. John lifts one chunk off the floor, holding the stale bit between thumb and forefinger.
John suddenly experiences a strange kind of vertigo. The room shifts and skids sideways. He can’t breathe properly. ‘Please, not again’, John thinks, grabbing the bar as not to slide off his seat. He fears he might throw up any minute.
“Yes?” John slowly asks as nothing else is forthcoming.
“I got dishonourably discharged.” Sherlock states plainly.
“May I ask you something?” John murmurs against Sherlock's by-now-dry and fluffy curls. He smells of rosemary and soap and shaving cream and toothpaste and Sherlock.
“Well, and now this.” Mycroft Holmes waves his hand in a gesture encompassing John, the whole room, the police station and maybe London in general. “He's a repeat offender now. That complicates matters.”
---------
“You really don't know, do you?” John huffs. He thinks about resorting to some stilted phrasing to hide behind but discovers that he's too exhausted. They've danced around it long enough; the only good it did was to give Sherlock the impression that John just wants him as some kind of sexual sparring partner. He remembers Sherlock giving him a blow job as some form of apology mere 36 hours ago. And John had let him. God, what a mess he'd made!
“Yeah, Thank you love. Damn thing wouldn’t cooperate.” John muttered slightly annoyed, but grateful for the assistance.
Just as those words had escaped his mouth Ethan felt a frightfully strong fist connect to his jaw that threw him to the ground. The American looked up, expecting the attack had come from the detective, but to his surprise he saw DI Lestrade standing over him with his fist still clenched tightly and a look of pure rage shining down upon him.
Sherlock took one of John’s hands firmly in his own and brought it up to his lips to plant a soft kiss onto it. Normally they would never show such obvious affections in public, preferring to do so in private, but the detective just couldn’t help himself.
But as Sherlock once again stood face to face with the blonde his chest practically exploded with a guilt-ridden piercing pain. The pure anguish in John’s face was so clearly written in his face, his entire posture was tense and stained and to Sherlock’s horror he saw how John were clenching his left shoulder in his right hand and once again favouring his right leg greatly, clearly in pain.
The two men not involved quickly excited the office, sensing their presence wouldn’t be helpful in this situation as Sally responded; “Listen it wasn’t my call alright! I wanted to call you in after the 24 hour mark, but the director wouldn’t allow it. You’re not technically even allowed to work with the Yard. Lestrade has always been the one to handle your involvements with the department. I didn’t know what to do.. But when we received the video disk this evening I knew I had to act so I decided to call you in anyway, without proper clearance.” She defended, but it was obvious she wasn’t satisfied with her own handling of the situation.
“Holy shit really? Molly that amazing!” John exclaimed in awe.
“You alright mate? You look a little worn.” Christian asked as he looked him over once again.
John was sitting in his armchair, with his Union Jack pillow popped up and supporting his back while sipping a nice cuppa and enjoying the warmth emerging from the roaring fireplace. Outside the wind was howling, rattling the windows, the noise mixing with the soft drumming of rain that was falling steadily.
“You were right to come get me Dexter.” Sherlock said and immediately flagged down a cab as they walked out on the street.
Sherlock and Lestrade re-entered the room where the recent ordeal had just taken place. Many people walked up to ask if John was alright wanting to know what had happened.
“I don’t want to
John watched as Sherlock swallowed once again, but noticed how his pupils dilated slightly. “I think.. Sam loves Frodo too, but never deemed himself worthy to even imaging Frodo would ever look at him that way. That one that Frodo would come to his senses and realize Sam isn’t what he wants in life and move on to someone better. Someone more.. Worthy.”
"Really J-John, surely there's no need to be so d-dramatic. Can I have m-my tea n-now?"
Dexter chimed in. “Yeah for real Charlie. Me and the rest of the gang.” He said as he referred to the other members in the network. “You always have the best stories about your shenanigans, we never had much reason to laugh until you came along. And you always bring biscuits or treats you bought with your own allowance to give out to everyone when you meet us. You might be misunderstood by your classmates, but we know behind your tough front you’re really the most generous and big hearted kid in the world. We’d all be devastated without you.”
The lights in the lobby started to blink indicating the near beginning of tonight’s concert and letting people know to start finding their way to their seats.
“You, call an ambulance right now, tell them to hurry!” John muttered sharply to the female officer, who promptly pulled out her phone and walked just out the door to make the call.
Approximately 5 seconds pause between first to second knock, indication apprehension at coming so late but determined enough to not falter in the decision to do so, so the errand is important and urgent.
Sally shot daggers at the man with her eyes. “Spare me your idiocy Jackson.” (oh God, she was starting to sound like Sherlock wasn’t she?) “The point is I won’t tolerate this kind of preschool behaviour in the workplace!” She hissed angrily.
DI Dimmock eyed him with an ice-cold stare. “This.” He slammed his hand down on the small mountain of files with a loud bang. “Is all the old murder case files going back 10 years, that needs sorting, filing and then to be scanned and uploaded to our digital records.” The man stated coolly.
Sherlock’s hands stilled and a few seconds of silence followed. John was almost afraid his little declaration had been too much romanticism for Sherlock to accept in one evening and that he would pull away from John in discomfort, but just then John felt a pair of soft lips gently touch the skin where his neck and shoulder met closely followed by a deep whisper into his left ear;
“You had two routine surgeries in the morning and one emergency trauma case afterwards, causing you to miss lunch.” Sherlock stopped for a minute to think.
“You did.” Lestrade smiled. “In your own small ways.” The DI shifted slightly before continuing, his voice serious; “I’m proud of you Sherlock. I might’ve helped you out a bit at the start, but look at you now. You’re surrounded by friends, you and Anderson even get along at crime scenes and John.. John might be the best thing that’s ever happen to you.” Sherlock smiled softly at the mention of John. “Like me, he saw the real you behind your sociopathic façade and he helped you become this great man I see today. That’s all I ever wanted for you.” Lestrade finished.
“What are you doing here?! Dexter you arsehole! Did you bring him?! Just leave me the hell alone!!” Charlie shouted angrily and raised the pipe still in his hand in a half threatening stance.
“Maybe I should ask that brother of yours Sherlock, I’m sure he’d be able to pull some strings.” Mrs. Hudson plotted on.
Dimmock shook his head. “No never. This is the first time he’s needed it and no, he’s never reacted on anything that we know of.”
This made John snap and he immediately gripped the collar of Anderson and easily lifted the weaker man, his eyes filled with rage and fury.
And he couldn’t help the smile blooming on his face at that realisation.
"He was 10 Sherlock.. Only ten years old... He would have turned 11 next week - he told me he wished for a puppy that his brother would come home from USA to celebrate him.. And I lost him.. I lost him…” John sobbed into the chest in front of him with a voice rough with exhaustion and sadness.
John could hear the distinct sound of heavy military boots as they stomped down the iron stairs in a rapid pace.
Lestrade turned to his officers. They were all dressed in combat gear, ready to take action. “I want the entire perimeter surrounded!! No one get in or out of that building! This is a fragile situation. Our prime priority is to extract John Watson unharmed! Inside with him is a hostile, armed and highly trained sniper, engage if necessary!” he barked out. Several of the officers fanned out to surround the building as ordered.
“My God Sherlock that fantastic!” John exclaimed happily, making Sherlock’s head jump up in surprise.
However, it had been a long day and the moment was interrupted by the doctor’s growling stomach. He tried to cover it up with a cough, but the damage was done. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson both looked at him. “Oh John that’s right, you must be terrible hungry after such a long day at work. Why don’t I whip you boys up a quick nice dinner?” Mrs Hudson suggested and made to get up, but Sherlock pulled her gently back down. “Not tonight Mrs. Hudson. I guess, just this once since I already did the shopping, I could bless you with my culinary genius and make us all dinner tonight.” Sherlock turned to Mrs. Hudson. “But just this once, I’m your tenant you know, not your housekeeper.” He said jokingly and Mrs. Hudson let out a laugh. He then turned to his boyfriend. “John why don’t you fetch the redwine you received earlier today and enjoy a glass with Mrs. Hudson while I get started?” Sherlock said, his airy attitude slowly finding its way back, but smiling fondly at his doctor.
“Alright then, night Sherlock.” John yawned tiredly and pulled Sherlock a bit closer to him.
“I’m talking about my fucking family!” Charlie spat the word as if it was poisonous and threw the pipe over the edge of the roof. It jangled loudly in the air as it finally hit the ground down below.
Sherlock eyed her a few seconds before he too pulled off his Belstaff coat and placed it on top of John’s form to shield him from the cold as much as possible.
Sherlock awoke with a splitting heading, dry tongue and a cloudlike haze in his head. When he finally succeeded in getting his eyes all the way open it was to the pleasant sight of John Watson sitting on the edge of his, he now realised it to be, hospital bed. John was looking at him with a mixture of worry, sadness and relief.
“No.. No I’m fine.. It’s just you.. You look..” Sherlock stammered slightly trying to find the right words for what he was feeling.
Sherlock made his way down the wooden stairs, holding a hand onto the railing for good measure. Their seating area was located on a large balcony-like upper floor and underneath was a large, long bar with plenty of room to sit or lounge at for those who preferred or came in smaller groups. The music was a bit louder down here and the bar was a bit crowded and busy. Sherlock scanned the room and finally found a spot to take a waiting stance at the bar. He leaned casually across the counter until he gained eyecontact with one of the bartenders. He signalled for service by raising his right hand slightly and the bartender nodded in a silent gesture to let him know he’d been seen and he’d come to take his order when he was available. Sherlock nodded back in acceptance and lowered his hand back down.
Sherlock for once felt unable to speak and simply clasped Lestrade’s cold hand tightly, unable to keep his eyes from glazing over slightly. He swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat before speaking; “I’ll always find you.. Always.. Like you always found me..”
"I love you John."
“Here you go love.” John said as he handed over Sherlock’s drink.
Sherlock’s brows frowned a bit and it made him look even sadder with unshed tears still in his eyes. John’s heart almost broke at the sight and he quickly closed the gap between them and held Sherlock tightly in his arms and pressed the detective’s head softly into his neck. That always seemed to have a calming effect on his lover. It had seemed like Sherlock had started a sentence just as he did this, but John didn’t catch it.
“Okay, who the hell is the bloody idiot who has stolen all my damn pens during lunch?! You think this is a fucking playground. I want the one responsible to come forward right now!” As she howled she turned, fitting everyone with a hard glare as if she could copy Sherlock and deduce who the culprit was if she first made eyecontact.
“Yeah what can I get ya’” A new bartender suddenly asked and Sherlock’s whipped his head back up to answer, but his mind was suddenly blank. What was it he was supposed to get John again? Why could he suddenly not remember such a simple thing?
Since Lestrade was still out of commission, recovering from his kidnapping, Donovan had taken temporary command of the division. Sherlock, not willing to admit it out loud to anyone else still felt guilty Lestrade suffered in an effort to protect him from his past. So, the detective had taken it upon himself to offer as much help he could by solving as many of the cold cases as possible (even the boring ones) and assisting lightly in a few ongoing cases, despite them also being far under his level of interest, but he figured he owed the DI that much. Still he didn’t stay for pleasantries and hurried down to return the evidence he’d used to successfully deduce and solve another two cold cases. He’d hand in his reports on his findings to Donovan on the way out.
“W-Who the hell do you think you are you freaking misfit?! Coming with such a totally farfetched accusation like that!!” Donovan said angrily.
10 minutes later:
“There’s absolutely
John chuckled softly and buried his right hand in soft brown curls.
John froze on the spot, a tight knot in his belly forming quickly. He could count on one hand how many times Sherlock Holmes had cried and all of those times were when he was acting to gain whatever information he wanted at the moment. But there was no doubt in John’s mind. Sherlock was definitely crying. Without any further thought John rushed to the kitchen still with one shoe left on. When he entered he found Sherlock bend slightly over the countertop appearing to be reading a book. When the doctor entered Sherlock looked up and into John’s eyes.
Silence followed - no sound but the soft scratching of John's hand across Sherlock's back.
John took a long sip from his beer and let his eyes roam around the bar. Everybody seemed to have a good time. That was until his eyes landed on Anderson, who stood more or less for himself in a quiet corner, looking moody and glum. It didn’t take long before John found the source of the forensics bad mood. A few tables over Sally was sitting with officer Ian Jensen, one of the younger men on the force. John had heard the rumours that Sally had dumped Anderson for another man on the team, but now it would seem the rumours spoke true. Ian had his arm wrapped snugly around the lieutenant’s waist, almost pulling her into his lap. Sally responded by giggling like a love stuck teenage girl.
“Satisfactory I would say, the problem will be taken care of.” Sherlock stated, not giving any further details.
“It’s Bad.” John admitted simply, for the first time since Sherlock had known him. “I hate to admit it, but we might have to swing by the hospital and have them issue a low dose morphine prescription for me.”
“STOP!!”
Sherlock’s hands tightened in his unruly brown curls and the clenching pain in his chest tightened even further. That was wrong.. He no longer had the right to even think of John Watson as ‘his’ anymore. The words that had escaped his lips tonight had been cruel, harsh and entirely unforgivable and judging from the pain he had seen so clearly painted across his lover’s face, right before he’d left the flat. Let’s just say it didn’t even take a consulting detective to know he’d probably just made the biggest mistake of his life.
“I never really thought about it like that, I see your point. I sure wouldn’t like to be on your bad side, that’s for sure!” He said with a laugh which John returned.
Sherlock gasped slightly and licked his lips.
“Actually, that was only a month from when I met you the first time…”
Finally an update! Sorry for the wait guys!! Also my chapters seems to get longer and longer, but I can’t help it. I like to elaborate on feelings, thoughts and small details. I think that’s what makes stories better.. I hope.. XD
Ethan pushed away from the wall and threw his hands up in exasperation. “How come, whenever a soldier is wounded in action everyone makes such a fucking big deal out of it?! I’ve been shot in the line of duty too, but you don’t see me weeping on floor whenever someone bumps into me.” Ethan crossed his arms in a defensive stance a small laugh escaping his lips. “Shot while serving, huh? What, did someone step on his toes and had to shoot him to stop his crying?” He grinned, clearly amused by himself.
“Go away I’m busy!” He sneered and made to push his way past the DI.
“Thanks, I couldn’t have done it without you John. I really appreciate what you’re doing. You should know that.” Greg said, his voice sincere.
John had watched the whole thing with a tight face. Trying to suppress the tightening knot in his stomach and throat as Sherlock grew more and more distressed.  As the whole thing progressed John slowly realized that this had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Sherlock was projecting his own fear of abandonment and John knew, he just knew, it was specifically his fear of John abandoning him. It was heartbreaking to watch. John knew, that whenever Donovan, Anderson or anyone else for that matter tried to ‘warn’ him or explain to him how bad a man Sherlock was and how he should get away from him as soon as possible, it hurt Sherlock tremendously. At first John truly believed the detective didn’t give a damn about what other people thought of him, but as he got to know Sherlock better, he saw the hidden truth. For while Sherlock did a great job hiding his feelings behind a façade of indifference, he had the most expressive eyes John had ever witnessed in his life and once he’d learned to decipher those it really wasn’t all that hard to read Sherlock.
“Any thoughts you’d care to share?” The detective asked with a sensual glint in his eyes. It was obvious, even for an untrained eye, that John was very much liking what he was saw.
Sherlock discreetly wiped a single tear from his chin as he witnessed the heartwarming scene before him. He’d never been more grateful to finally make a difference for the living for once in his life.
“Hmm, seems like this might take a while Robertson. We better get back to work and return later when she leans how to behave.” Jackson said with clear amusement in his voice.
Suddenly a window a few stories up had its’ lights turn on, casting a very soft shine into the darkness, allowing Charlie to see the two men a bit more clearly. He had to supress a cry of surprise when he immediately recognized the slender figure as Sherlock. He’d no idea who the other tall bloke was, but he sure as hell knew it wasn’t Sherlock’s boyfriend John Watson. So, when the tall goon buried his nose deeply into Sherlock’s pale neck and inhaled deeply and said;,
Greg looked at his friend, his eyes big. He’d anticipated laughter, a smart remark or some other kind of ridicule. The detective suddenly felt a twinge of guilt, of course John’s first concern had been his health and wellbeing. He should have known better than think John would make fun of him.
“Don’t you
“My fault? And how exactly was it my fault Sherlock?” John asked in a calm but challenging voice. A voice, which back in his army days, all his subordinate as well as his superior officers had learned to respect and obey without questions asked. Sherlock however seemed unmoved and continued;
Molly fiddled with her fingers shyly. “Well, it’s actually Sherlock who gave me inspiration to create it. That case you guys were on a few months ago, Sherlock asked me if I’d help test the bottom of your victims wineglass for potential poisons or drugs and when it was positive I thought to myself, if only there was a way she could have known her drink had been poisoned she might still have been alive.” She looked back to Sherlock with sympathy. “I’m so sorry this happened to you Sherlock, but I hope this will prevent it from ever happening again. No one should have to feel unsafe when being out and experience what you and so many others have been through. It’s still only a prototype, but all my tests have been positive so far so it should be reliable to use.”
“Dinner at Angelo’s tonight?” Sherlock asked.
John sat on the hotel’s bed. This unfamiliar bed, that had held so many strangers, but still smelled of nothing particularly. John’s bed had used to be like that right after he’d returned from service in Afghanistan, but that had mostly been because he had hardly slept in it. Too many nightmares.. But all that had changed after meeting Sherlock. Now John’s bed smelled as a wonderful mix of washed sheets, cologne, earth, a hint of chemicals, shaving cream and expensive shampoo. All the mixed scents of Sherlock and John contained in that small shared space. John couldn’t help but let out a small sigh of frustration and sadness as he realized he wasn’t going to get any sleep this night. This bed was all wrong and worst of all it completely lacked the warm comforting feeling of having a warm slim body to wrap his arms around as he had grown so accustomed to.
“Lestrade.. I..” Sherlock didn’t really feel like trying to explain everything right now, he just wanted John back, but the DI had made it very clear he wasn’t going to let Sherlock go before receiving a proper explanation. Sherlock guessed he owed him that much as the man had surely already helped John and made sure he was safe and warm for now.
“Vey..” He replied. His own voice dropping as well.
“Okay Daniel, I’m going to give you a very slight prick on your arm.” John followed rolled up the sleeve of the boy’s blue sweater. “This isn’t going to hurt one bit – okay, here we go.” John didn’t waste any time and emptied the EpiPen into the boy’s arm with efficiency.
Sherlock however quickly filled in.
John chuckled.
Sherlock flashed their tickets as they entered and they were quickly led to a luxurious lobby. Soon both men had a flute of fine champagne (which no doubt cost more than what John made in a month) the doctor quickly noted as he took the first sip. Everywhere John looked he saw nothing but the luxurious world of the London upper class. Women in long, elegant dresses, showing of their long necks adorned with diamonds and men in fine tailored suits and Rolex watches. To be honest he did feel a bit out of place in his old and slightly tattered suit, but when he looked up at Sherlock the man looked like he was right where he belonged. He looked absolutely dashing in his own perfectly fitted black suit and white dress shirt, even for once wearing a fine, slender black tie for the occasion and his soft curls held beautifully in place with a good amount of hair gel.
Despite his condition Sherlock had enough wit about him to understand John’s worried whisper and suddenly grasped the doctor tight to him. While he struggled slightly to form the words the desperation and slight panic underneath was plain to hear. “I..I’m sorry John.. I di.. Didn’t want.. Didn’t mean to.. I’m not high.. He made me.. Drugged me.. I’m so s-sorry.. I love you... Please, believe me..” Sherlock all but begged as he looked up at John with big pleading eyes, pupils blown wide from the drug he’d been slipped.
But John never allowed his stares or thoughts to linger for long. Sherlock was after all ‘married to his work’ and he wouldn’t risk the friendship they had built together. He knew Sherlock hardly ever opened up to people, as he had been burnt by other people’s betrayals so many times all throughout his youth and early adulthood. John still had to suppress the burning anger that always threatened to overcome him when he thought of all those horrible stories Sherlock had shared a night they’d both dived a little too deep into a shared whiskey bottle. John had learned that nearly all his life, Sherlock had been the victim of mockery because of his eccentric nature and people who’d used and manipulated him for his abilities and looks, only to discard him when he’d served his purpose. Sherlock had been like any other teenager in those days, desperate to fit in and willing to do whatever it took to be accepted. He’d given up so many pieces of himself until there was nothing left to give. This had been the cause that’d made Sherlock label himself as a sociopath and building up his walls of emotionlessness indifference to the rest of the world, never allowing anyone to get that close to him again.
John felt a bit confused, but urged Sherlock to continue with a soft;
“Yeah fuck off you tosser!!” Anderson yelled after him.
Tonight, they’d all settled into a new pub that’d recently opened in central London. It was slightly crowded but not unbearably so. Their group had gathered around a few round, high tables with highchairs to sit on. The lighting inside was soft, but bright enough that you didn’t have to squint your eyes to see each other. The speakers only played old Irish folksongs, Sherlock enjoyed the violin and fiddle music in them and couldn’t help but hush a bit on John and the others whenever a nice solo would play so that he could praise the musical qualities loudly. John would giggle each time and look at him with soft eyes and squeeze his hand lovingly where their intertwined hands lay on the table. The others would listen to his intermittent rants with a smirk on their faces, claiming that if Sherlock was still able to apply musical analysis on Irish folksong’s violin solos he hadn’t had enough to drink yet or they’d deliver some goodnatured teasing at John and Sherlock for acting like a teenage couple in love. John’s answer to this would always be to lean in and scatter Sherlock’s face with tiny kisses in humours provocation and Sherlock would pretend to be annoyed by it, usually ending in a round of laughter and a loud ‘cheers!’ to follow before they’d all return to the subject discussed beforehand.
At those words Charlie broke altogether and threw himself into the arms of his parents while sobbing joyfully; “Yes! Yes I want that!! Thank you, yes!!!”
While Dimmock talked, John allowed his eyes to roam over the boy’s features in a non-intrusive examination. The detective’s explanation made sense to John. Of course, he couldn’t conclude anything since he hadn’t done a full examination like the other doctor, but the symptoms seemed to match that of an infection. John reached out one of his hands to the boy.
“It’s okay Sherlock.. I’m going to be fine love. I just.. need a moment.” John tried to reassure his partner, not liking the sadness edged into his pretty face.
“Really?” John breathed, followed by a light kiss right under Sherlock’s jaw which made the taller man shiver.
This time John did chuckle a bit. “What a bunch of nonsense. You’re a man in your best age Greg and you’re more than able to handle yourself.”
“I’m perfectly fine John.” Sherlock said in a monotone voice against John's chest, still not looking at him.
John smiled once again. “Don’t worry, I’ll be alright.” John said. Hoping he sounded more reassuring than he felt. “Ready?” he asked.
