“Ah.... yeah. Sure is.” Dean refills Castiel’s glass and then tilts the decanter back, taking another long pull from the bottle. The decanter stays the same level as it evens out, Castiel swears it does, and he stares at it curiously- if only because he needs another moment before he can bring himself to look back at Dean.
The bunker isn’t so large. There’s no corner he doesn’t know. He
The haze follows him as he leaves, curling around his coattails.
“As real as dreams ever are.”
Sam pulls the folder from Castiel’s hand. It’s damp and rips wetly. Sam shoves it back on top of the stack anyway, already shaking his head.
The wall of phones is set up in a haphazard order, labeled much like Bobby’s had been. The handwritten labels are taped onto the handles; CDA, FBI, MIB (that one’s actually just broken. It’d been ‘Federal Agricultural Bureau’ or some shit before, and instead of trashing it Dean just relabeled it and waited for Sam to notice.)
“...I’ll look up how to patch it,” Sam offers. “Just concrete, probably.”
have to admit, Cas, it’s Sam. He’s just been
Castiel goes to his side, drawing the blade from the tile in one smooth motion. “Where is it? Did you see it?”
Dean’s gaze rakes over his skin. His throat. His loosened tie, the first button undone as his only concession to the heat.
“It all makes so much more sense, now. This bunker, it was placed here at the center of your United States for a reason. There are several naturally metaphysical places on this earth, and there’s no reason your country hasn’t nurtured its own
But after that? It all went hazy, and he just can’t pin down
“How about you, Cas? How’re you feeling? The lore doesn’t have anything on how it could affect angels.” Sam asks.
https://satinsolace.tumblr.com/post/637578182445465600/satinsolace-american-oracle-soft-dreamy-horror#notes
...Okay, so maybe more than just the ringing is driving him crazy.
And Dean, well. Dean prefers a softer kind of beauty, even now.
As he watches, it crumbles apart, leaving behind nothing but a powdery dust and the smell of burnt oleander.
“It’ll move when you want it to.”
“...So. What do we know about century-old air conditioning systems?”
remind him of just how long it’s been since he’s been touched. He doesn’t censor himself, not alone like this; why should he start now? Hell’s a wreck, Heaven’s a ghost town— the way he figures it, good old human hedonism is the only game in town worth his time.
“It just seems to make you very, ah…” He furrows his brow, looking for the right words, and comes up short. Instead, he shrugs, offering- “...Fucked up.”
Dean’s fingers twitch closed around the Impala’s keys, searching out the visceral sense-memory they always, always jolt; the warm highway rumble, that bone-deep road hum that lingers for hours after a long ride— but nothing. Hardly even an itch to let the outside air fill up his lungs, just as hot as in here as it was dry as chaff out there.
But all it meant, he has to remind himself, if this step closer was so big - how big would Dean’s step away be?
“Steam,” Castiel offers helpfully, and Dean seconds it with a flippant nod, the kind that says ‘sure, why not’ more than anything else.
His eyes flick to Castiel’s mouth, his own still smeared with honeyed ambrosia and a vivid sense-memory of Castiel’s fingerprints. Castiel’s hands are still on his chest, broad and warm, halted where he’d been trying to fix his mess but Dean can’t care about
It's when he heads into the kitchen, though, that he's greeted by an odd sight; Sam, standing at the counter, flour up to his elbows. He’s rolling dough out on the counter, and Dean stops short at the pure, foreign air of it all. Sam gives him a little shrug.
Castiel cracks a crooked grin back up at him unbidden, buries a hand in his hair and kisses the tease from Dean’s mouth until they’re both gasping against each other. They’ve gone from a teasing tempo to a marching beat that doesn’t quite sync, the snap of Castiel’s hips up against Dean’s shuddering pace, Dean’s thigh muscles strong but shaking where they meet Castiel’s.
He steps into the sprawling room; he was hoping for less steam here, thinned and spread out. Maybe if it were easier to see, he could find his way. As if it were his eyes that were truly the problem.
“Ho-ly shit. So when’s the last time- is this all connected somehow-?”
“...What is that?” Concern roughs the edges of Castiel’s tone, and something about that raises Dean’s hackles, like maybe Cas should just
The old plastic handle of the phone creaks in his hand. It’s got a hairline crack winding down the back, flexing and shifting in time with his grip. When he finally relaxes and sets it back down on the desk, the crack nearly disappears.
“Forgot you’d be wandering around this time of night.”
Sam’s expression flickers. “...Sure. Sure, Dean. Hey, why don’t you and me-”
But this is somewhere inbetween.
Dean’s tongue slides against his mouth, and Castiel drinks him in as Dean’s hand fumbles between them, popping open the button of Castiel’s slacks and sliding his hand inside. His hand curls around him, and Castiel can’t stop the gasp that leaves his throat.
So Castiel meets his eyes- it’s far, far easier to pay attention to Dean than the decanter, or the alcohol in it- and raises his glass to his lips, and drinks.
Luckily, the phantom-like oracular halos crowding his vision make for a pretty good excuse.
He takes a breath and steps into the hall, leaving Sam and the archives behind.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel opens his mouth, and falters.
He lays his hand on Dean’s stomach, soft over steel, still straddling Dean’s lap. Dean catches at Castiel’s hips, his hands fitting there like they belong. Castiel watches him intently. Dean’s eyes are brighter than usual, heat bringing out the gold and green in them as easily as it brings a lush, bitten red to his mouth.
And that they stay there as Dean’s thumb, sticky and sweet, rubs over Castiel’s lower lip as if in a daze.
Dean’s familiar voice breaks through the fog, his hand grabbing Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel turns to glance at Dean over his shoulder, but his eyes are blurry, steam clinging to his face and running down his cheeks like rain, just as it clings to the ceiling and cascades back down around them.
Castiel’s eyes narrow and he rubs his temples, willing the ambrosia hangover away as Dean’s voice raises. He’s wearing thin, and already impossibly tired of Dean’s unwillingness to even consider what he’s trying to tell him.
should not need to
Dean sucks in a breath as Castiel pushes back inside, and then reaches up for him - palms sliding over Castiel’s skin, brushing over a beaded nipple in a way that makes Castiel’s body sing as his heels catch against the back of Castiel’s thighs. “Hate to break it to you, Cas, but patience isn’t always a virtue here-” He drawls, almost lazily if it weren’t for the banked embers in his eyes that flare as he slides up against Castiel.
He groans, whining with each thrust until Castiel gets the hint and exhales noisily, just once, barely a moan but Dean shudders anyway and moves faster. He’s on track to come in his jeans like a teenager but he can’t care less, dragging Castiel closer to grind up against him, one more shallow thrust and he’s gone, the world turning to heat and white and rosy gold and--
"The nail went through his right kidney and small intestine, but you managed to heal those up. He's still got a hole in both his back and front, but I managed to stop the bleeding. It'll be awhile before he's fully healed up, but he will make a full recovery. Thanks to you." Jack let out another long breath. It was at this time that Sam finally noticed the cut across Jack's neck, that was still bleeding. "Uh, hey Jack? What's with the cut on your neck?"
“Sam, god damnit just do it!” Jack yelled, louder if at all possible. He knew it was rude, and he’d apologize later if he lived that long, but he was in a hurry. He, nor Dean, had time to listen to Sam’s unending questions.
Castiel frowns, and lays a hand on the stone. It’s quite cool to the touch; he doesn’t blame Dean for leaning against it, although he’d prefer if the man were at least a little more on alert. Now isn’t the time to relax- or to lie with Dean Winchester, though that’s certainly an offer he hasn’t received before.
“So, I think maybe your fixes didn’t hold,” Sam suggests, and as far as a just-woken Sam went, it’s downright tactful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean-”
It’s deafeningly quiet.
Still, that doesn’t make explaining that he's going crazy any easier.
She swings back, rounding on him like she’s not all of half his size. The lights crackle.
him take his time.
Quiet like home.
Castiel’s frown is etching deeper, studying Dean- but he settles, reluctantly.
“Not yet, Dean,” He repeats, sharper this time, and it’s still not an order but Dean listens anyway, his breath coming in heavy pants and his cock wet and hot where it bumps against Castiel’s lower stomach with every motion. Castiel drags in a breath, willing himself to calm, and Dean’s mouth twitches upward in amusement.
Hand sliding south, he groans deep in his throat and leans back, shoulders against the wall as he idly flips through his well-worn fantasy rolodex. He settles on a simple thought; a cheerleader, with lush dark hair and a cherry-red mouth.
or that he's gone full-on pod person? You’re about as clear as a closed door here-”
“You do shower beers now?” Sam raises a brow.
without instantly dropping into some shitty future clip show, drowning forever in his own head or--
Castiel looks down at him curiously.
Dean has a flush to his cheeks that Castiel can’t name, arousal or embarrassment, but the way he’s standing isn’t shy - it’s almost the opposite, overly bold to the point of coming back around to shy again. He has a silvery packet in his hand, and it’s only by reflex that Castiel catches it. It’s slick against his fingers. A condom?
“Good, ‘cause I hate opening up that damn fusebox.”
Castiel continues his growing acquaintance with the ceiling instead, and tries to remain still.
Castiel swallows a strangled chuckle, shaking his head instead. This lull could easily crescendo into another argument, if they so wished. And maybe he does wish it.
“That you’re ready.”
Faint speckles, in pale pink and white. Some sort of greenery, softening the edges of earth. He frowns and dips a hand into the vent. His fingers brush something soft and damp, and he withdraws a cluster of blossoms on a deep green stem.
“Nah, Cas, don’t worry about it-  it’s not much worse than a summer heatwave. Just… hot. Two showers in today and I’m already angling for a third, so all I’m hoping for is that the tap runs colder than room temperature this time. God, I’d take an ice shower right about now.”
He opens the door carefully, and looks down the hall. Empty. No beast.
Dean peers through his fingers at him, but the halos seem to have faded, so he tentatively lowers his hand. “If you get my sheets wet…” Dean threatens.
No-- Not Sam. Something distinctly not Sam.
And he’s definitely never kissed Cas.
“...I’d been trying to figure out what it could be on my own. Researching the Archives and all that, and I think Cas is probably right. It makes sense. But you know what? If it’s oracular waters, there’s nothing to say we can’t use them to our advantage.”
Nothing in the stack looks like it’s about flowers, but perhaps Sam has another in the shelves waiting. He was a keen multitasker, after all.
Another pause, and Dean shrugs. He hangs up succinctly and doesn’t bother putting his cell away, letting it fall from his lax fingers to clatter that last inch to the floor.
“Oh. Would they.” Dean says, just a little strangled.
Sam drops the heavy stack on the desk unceremoniously- right atop the papers Castiel had been skimming. His fingers nearly get the same treatment. Sam doesn’t seem to notice.
“I see you’ve both noticed that the repairs have failed.”
Perhaps they’ve gone to find him- despite his own particular lacking in taste, Dean tended to seek him out when he made something new, and he did have a fearsome proclivity for pies. All it does for Castiel, though, was make him wish more that he can enjoy it, actually physically enjoy it; not dissect it atom by atom and deduce a probable outcome in flavor to verify with the faces of those eating around him, but to
“You can’t just jump back in again, Dean, the turnaround’ll burn you out.”
Castiel frowns at him faintly, “Dean, I think something here
“Close your eyes again, and let the answers well up.”
“--You think this has something to do with angels?”
“Yes, well, it isn’t exactly meant for angels. And for humans…”
isn't replying, something pensive on his face, and Dean tilts his head.
Great.
But he can’t help the small, unbidden thought that it might not be safer at all with Sam.
Castiel flips the knife in his hand, silently handing it to Dean hilt-first.
......
It seems like just moments later when they’re coaxing another flare of heat from the simmering bowl. Dean's lashes flutter, and he pinches his brow, and he leans back a little.
Nights were long without the Winchesters’ idle chatter and movement to fill the space. Often, Castiel would find need to leave; a mission, or a cause, coarse irritants to draw him away from this small, foreign haven. But even when he was here, it was still more like watching from behind glass; studying, instead of living.
He leans forward, and almost spills his glass. He cups it with both hands  instead, syrupy stuff warm on his tongue, but warmer still in his belly as he tips it back.
Steam billows around it, filling in the last crevices of the space, bristling in thick, matted fur. When it steps forward, its two feet clack and scrape against the floor like hooves. How did he ever mistake that for Sam’s footsteps?
Alone, even as his skin vibrates at some molecular level, a languid hum sunken into him as he sinks forward against the wall and just
Castiel loses a moment there, he must have, time closing in and expanding all at once as Dean lowers himself down onto him. His thighs are warm against Castiel’s, muscle trembling underneath minutely as tight, slick heat envelopes Castiel and the world falls away, leaving nothing but sensation and the blood roaring in his ears.
“Sometimes I sit in the guest room.”
“Voice. Mouth,” she murmurs softly, and Dean can’t move as her hand drifts up, fingertip leaving a dark smudge up his forehead, “Mind…” He hears Castiel’s voice low in the back of his head, these same words, anointing with sweet rather than bitter-
Dean raises both hands. She scowls up at him, but seems to settle. The water doesn’t so much as waver around her.
He sees walls breaking down, crumbling into nothing. His newly claimed room, the walls descending, crumbling into Dean’s— and when he wakes, as it were, he wakes with his heart pounding, his veins pulsing adrenaline fight-or-flight, and if that weren’t a dream, he doesn’t know what is.
“Sorry,” Sam says, sitting heavily on the side of his bed, boots sloshing on the floor. Dean flips him off without looking and scoots preemptively to avoid sliding into Sam when the bed inevitably craters under his brother’s weight, but it barely dips.
“Okay? ...That’s good, right? Nerd probably took ‘em to bed with him. Bet he’ll have an answer for us by morning. Then we’ll be “free” or whatever, and you can relax- you’re wound up tighter than-- well, old you, Cas. Here...”
“What? What’d I miss? What’d we get?”
Dean urges him back until Castiel is sitting on his ass, and crowds forward until he's straddling him again, a guiding hand helping Castiel slide back inside so easily - like he belongs- with a murmur of "let me, huh?" and the ghost of a smile against Castiel's temple as he started to move. It's not urgent but it's filled with intent, and he can feel Dean watching him. Castiel grips Dean's hips, his back, just holding on as Dean fucks down onto him, mouthing golden skin, salt and bliss on his tongue.
The beast seethes forward, the hall filling in black behind like it barely contains the creature. It looms over Castiel until wet, molten breath caresses the top of Castiel’s head in heavy huffs. He stutters back,  striking wildly before it can trample him. He misses. Again. His blade wrenches through the air, silver glinting in the muted ceiling light.
He watches the liquid pour, and it feels like he loses an eternity watching it roll from decanter to glass. It doesn’t splash as much as pool, rosy golden honey rippling gently as their glasses fill.
“Later Cas, alright? We’re good,” He grunts out, waving a hand and regretting it instantly as the rest of the kitchen comes into view, full of blurry familiar figures in movement. He blocks it off again, looking over toward Castiel instead.
He gestures instead of using words, and Castiel cocks his head. “A vessel for the truth, yes. But I don’t believe Sam was affected the same way as you, Dean. With you, it rang true. I asked, and you answered. It was… simple, somehow. I don’t think you had any say in the matter.”
If it was getting overly warm before, wriggling around inside a cramped crawlspace is just plain stifling. He’d discarded his overshirt ages before, tying it around his waist. The hair on his neck prickles with sweat, caked in fine dust. At least it looks like he might finally be getting somewhere. There’d been several false starts, rabbit trails before he found something broken— and if it's broken and he can get his hands on it? Hell if he can’t fix it somehow.
? Look, I was on board for a minute there, but neither of us are exactly oracles.”
“Cas,” Dean groans as the last button comes undone, and he shoves Castiel’s shirt off his shoulders, hands skimming skin with the motion, fabric bunching at Castiel’s elbows. Castiel follows suit, hand sliding to ruck Dean’s shirt up and bare his skin. Dean pulls himself up to sit then, Castiel shifting to straddle his hips to pull his shirt off of him.
Cas had healed it; he knows that he did. Dean knows that strange ripple of warmth down to the molecule. It looks normal at every angle he could find.
Dean looks up from where he’s found himself under the table when the shaking finally stops. The lights flick back on at half-power, flooding red light over Castiel’s features. The angel sits on the stool across from him, unmoving.
“You recognize any of it?” Dean replies, tilting his head to follow a line of— well, gibberish.
He digs deeper, brow furrowing, excavating now. All he finds is more and more soft, wrinkled petals, bruised and shriveled with heat. He picks one out, lifting it into the dim light.
, a crackling whir in the speakers before Dean turns it up.
“...Big?”
“Okay.” The thin lines around Dean’s eyes crinkle, just for a second, and Castiel is tugged forward until their noses smudge together, Dean’s breath hot on his lips. Castiel braces a hand on the bed to keep from falling into him, as if he hadn’t fallen so much further than this.
“Sam,” He calls out, stepping into the hall.
He wakes to a drowning heat that pulses dully under his skin, sticking to drenched sheets. Everything is fog, curling in his peripheral vision in the dark. Above him, around him, pooling over his covers where he’d kicked them off. They’d tangled around his legs, and he’s barely shoved them off before he realizes it isn’t fog at all. It’s billowing steam, like before, and stark silence, and—
“Hey-”
“All this! The weirdo fog, the smell he keeps chasing after-”
When Dean awakes, it’s mostly in defeat. His bed is a warzone, sheets tangled and half-stripped from the corners to do that thing that fitted sheets do when they get free, the pillows crumpled, sad, punched things.
It’s immediate, the way it stirs up heat inside him and sends him for a loop, sinking into in a shallow rhythm that’s tight and sweet and perfectly hot and-- teasing, it has to be teasing, because it keeps bringing him right to the edge and
About then, he realizes that all he can hear is his own footsteps, pounding in time with his heart. It’s quiet, and he hears a voice. Dean’s.
high?”
Dean watches the two of them go back and forth like a tennis match, both of them acting-- odd. He leans forward, automatically trying to break the inexplicably rising tension. “Hey, a lead? That’s great. Sam, what’ve you got? Cas? We can circle up, hash this out in no time, huh?”
Dean doesn’t remember, which answers some of Castiel’s questions and raises so many others, and is somehow so much worse.
“Dean,” he breathes again, and Dean gives a shiver he can see along with a stuttered nod, wetting his lips before he speaks, “Okay. Hell, okay, I can- I can work with this--” Dean meets his eyes and immediately looks aside, back between them and Castiel realizes he must have been staring, but the thought is interrupted as Dean starts to move against him.
“The hell’s that supposed to mean?”
be that hot is how they figure out the ventilation may be working well and good, but any sort of temperature control? Nonexistent.
Sam hands him a cup of tea. It’s not his thing, even if Sam’s been trying to get him in on his whole plant water kick, but he’s thirsty, and it’s cooler than he is. He doesn’t recognize the flavor-- it’s tart, earthy and sour on his tongue, and he pulls a face as he drinks it.
And if they couldn’t get out, nothing should be able to get in.
Dean swivels to watch Castiel out of the corner of his eye for his answer. The angel hasn’t moved, at least not that Dean’s heard, and Dean is very, very aware of the elbow almost touching his.
”It’s night. I know you don’t sleep, but don’t you ever just... relax? Where do you put your feet up?”
Dean's hands slide over him, and he pushes himself up with a groan of effort, eyes still glassy and skin warm- "Sit up," and "c'mon, you're not gonna get anywhere like that, here-" and Castiel wants to stay but he obliges, sitting up, slipping free with a bitten-off sound.
It’s as if he’s molting, he realizes, his wings soft and fragile, skeletal.
Castiel watches as Dean rambles. It’s been- he doesn’t know how long they’ve been sitting here like this, just talking, or why they’d started, aside from that Castiel wanted to leave the bunker- and Dean was taking him anywhere he wanted to go. Castiel picks a direction, and Dean tells him where it leads, drawing it up from some map behind his eyes. This is something intrinsic to Dean, Castiel knows; as burned into his soul as the road underneath him and the wheel in his hands. The highways he weaves for Castiel are as much a part of him as his veins, two-lane asphalt under his skin that winds through his heart.
dick to knock it off, because
. The faint concern just keeps orbiting around him, bumping up close every once in a while only to play ding-dong-ditch.
The coffee starts to percolate, but Dean hardly notices. There’s something about baking that lends itself to the strange state he’s floating in; cutting butter into the dough, dusting a bowl of petals Sam had handed him with nutmeg-
Castiel slides off the stool, crouching by the bookshelf to pick up a fallen paperweight. There are books scattered across the floor, a broken beer bottle near the armchair. Something old, ceramic, and probably important had spread dusty splinters near the stairs. If Sam wasn’t on a run in town, he’d be upset—  that, or spouting even more earthquake factoids in Dean’s ear, because that’s really what he wants to hear at the moment.
“...Look, Sam, I’m not liking either option all that much. Maybe we should hold off, you know, wait for Cas-”
She breathes softly, and Dean doesn’t know exactly what that’s supposed to mean, but what’s it matter? Just synapses sparking off hot as she strokes him and he strokes her, his eyes fluttering closed on a moan. When she lets go, he murmurs a complaint— one that dies in his throat as she grips his shoulder and spins him up against the shower wall with ease and
Ambrosia like... grandma’s fruit salad, or like-”
“Cas, hey, I don’t- you okay?”
Dean scowls at him witheringly, brow knitting. But he takes a moment to answer, which is how Castiel knows he’s hit on something Dean can’t quite explain.
...When the hell had he even gotten back here?
Dean flatlines for a second,  but he manages another “Sure?” at mostly the same pitch. His eyes flick to Castiel’s mouth, remembering lips glistening with honey and tasting it on his own.
The steam is thicker, pits on the far side of the cavern glowing with embers as the water drips over them, hissing and rising into gray clouds.
“Look, Cas...”
He offers no clue as to what that ‘something’ should be.
Maybe it really is high time for a jailbreak.
He manages to make it to his room without losing his lunch, so that’s a point for him at least. Instead of brass, his hand closes around smooth fabric when he opens his door, and he realizes Castiel’s tie is still wrapped around it.
It as still as a rock should be, sure, but it trembles with aura. Castiel hasn’t said a word, and neither of them have taken their eyes off of it.
“Dean,” Castiel rumbles like smoke and molten gravel behind him, and Dean starts to twist before those hands tighten concrete on his sides, “Dean, shh. Don’t turn around or it all ends, this daydream—” and his hand slid down, curving around Dean’s cock, “don’t ruin this,” he whispers against Dean’s neck as Dean bites off a moan. Haze clouds thick around them, sweetness that leaves a bitter tang on his lips, and after a moment he presses his palms against the tile wall and pushes his hips back against the angular plane of Castiel’s, melting hot like summer asphalt and he can
The hallway shines with holy light. Dripping walls glitter brilliantly, puddles beaming at his feet like incandescent pools.
He can’t keep doing this. This beast knew the halls better than he did right now. He was more likely to run into it again than Dean, or even Sam. He can’t wander alone.
In his grip those hands change-
They stalk down halls that wail even as yellow lights flicker back on, the whole bunker… clicking, like something’s jammed in its gears, grinding and grating in a way that even Castiel’s ears find unpleasant. A bulb pops to their left, sparks hissing into puddled water.
Dean cracks a grin, “Hell yeah.”
But he doesn’t move, not yet.
He should
Castiel sits up just enough to kick the annoyance of his slacks off the rest of the way, freeing him to slot their hips together skin-close as Dean crowds closer on his lap. Dean’s only in jeans and he’s still wearing too much, but Castiel can’t bear the idea of him drawing further away; his hands only hesitate for a second before they curve over his ass. Even through the worn denim, he can feel him, the way Dean shudders as he roams his skin methodically, their cocks sliding against each other, tended to and ignored all at once where they’re pressed between their hips.
Castiel kisses him in a way Dean didn’t know he was capable of, rough and needy, smearing ambrosia against Dean’s cheek with his fingers. Dean swallows up his kisses hungrily, everything Cas gives him, licking into a mouth that tastes like flowers and honey, his fingers smearing gold over Castiel’s damp white shirt as he breathes his name against his mouth and Cas’ hips set off fireworks against his own.
. He stays put, hand tight on Dean, the line of his arms taut all the way to the back of his neck, a frozen tension wire ready to snap. Dean’s watching him, shifting. Testing his grip. And then he chuckles, hardly more than an exhale.
how because he has all of the research on them. Every piece. That isn’t unusual to you?”
Castiel hm’s softly, and Dean feels a hand lay on his forearm like fog clearing. The same hand that slid over his skin earlier, so intimately. It’s gentle, Castiel’s touch, but all Dean can think of is broad hands clutching at his hips, spreading him open, the way Dean had
Sam meets his gaze, gently. “No, Dean.”
Ice spears down Castiel’s spine.
It twists him up inside.
“It’s late. He probably went to sleep.” Dean rolls his shoulders, unconcerned. Castiel skims over the research left behind on the tables- not much. He looks for the old photograph, something about it bothering him, but it’s gone along with most of the stack of folders. He goes to the card drawer and starts rifling through the alphabetized cards. “I’m concerned about him.”
“An attack?” Castiel asks, and Dean shrugs grimly.
I’m fine, Cas. And that we’re good. And that we don’t have to talk about it.”
Dean’s hand is slung over the bench, fingers draping over lovingly worn leather. He rubs a seam absently with his thumb, singing under his breath with the music- Castiel can just barely hear him. Songs drift by, lemons and blues, rambling on. Dean speaks up occasionally, just talking to talk, years and albums and dates and “stories, man, they’re all these stories”- and when his fingers brush up against Castiel’s on the same bench seat, it’s warm and exploratory and entirely without thought— overthought, more like. It’s honest, the way his fingertips scrape slowly over Castiel’s bare knuckles— and something more, the way his palm presses on top of his hand and presses down, rolling it against the leather almost curiously slow.
Castiel chases after those sounds, biting his lip, riveted on Dean and the effect he is having on the man - what makes his head fall back against the mattress, what drags moans from his throat and makes his hips hitch. He can do more, he knows he can, but he wants to use his hands, he wants Dean to simply
“It’s in the water.” Castiel straightens up to watch him.
“Hell of a place for target practice, Cas-”
“Dean.” He snaps, and Dean’s drifting hands stop. “It’s right behind me, my powers do nothing to it, we’ll need to—”
“You can’t drive from the backseat, Dean. And we’re not in a car."
Just-- not with Cas.
After a second, Dean almost chokes on a soft, inelegant snort, and Cas’ lips curl at his own joke, pleased at the sound he’d caused.
He looks over at Dean. The room is dripping with heat, and Dean’s right in the middle of it. He’s melted bonelessly in his chair, shirt sticking to skin sticking to worn leather as he stretches out. The decanter dangles from lax fingers. It’s easy to tell where it’d been last - the mouth of it glistens as wet as his.
“This whole mixture in the air- it was all about bringing an oracle into the right place, on the right wavelength, right? So they could ask their questions and understand the answers… So what says we can’t use it, too? Do the same thing. Get some answers about how to get out of here.”
He steels himself as he wends closer, trying to keep loose, trying to ignore the need to stay on the path, the need to follow as it twinges at him.
never kissed Cas before, right?
“Jesus.”
“Well, it’s late. I’m gonna… try and get some sleep. You alright taking it from here?”
Nothing happens. Dean blinks smoke-stung eyes, and then leans in closer. He breathes in again, deeper this time. The world wavers around him and he immediately closes his eyes, waiting in anticipation until Sam speaks.
Sam could keep him on the path. After all, neither Dean nor Sam have mentioned losing their way. It was only him.
It’s not like he remembers finishing off the bottle - and there was no way he’d drunk as much as in his dream and not ended up sick as a damn dog. He wasn’t much prone to blackouts, either, but he knew the hangover that followed’em a little too well, and this wasn’t it.
It’s an intoxicating, emboldening rush.
“Domestic triumph always did suit you, huh?” Sam teases as Castiel perks. Dean’s already rifling through the fridge, good mood undaunted.
“Hard to miss. I was at the Gas ‘n Sip, the cashier nearly had a heart attack.”
Castiel isn’t so naive as to think it will change anything, or that this would be part of them, now. They will free themselves of the bunker soon enough, they will fix whatever is affecting Dean, and they will blame it on the “cabin fever”, the heat and stress of the moment, at most. Pretend it never happened.
Sam’s familiar grin dims. “Figured out what?”
While Castiel had no need of help to stand, Dean’s hand was warm in his own as he let him assist.
“What’s that mean?” Sam asks, “Like a migraine?”
Dean flops onto his back, clasping his hands over his eyes and letting out a rough exhale. He was still sore, a nice warm well-fucked sore he still couldn’t quite believe he’d actually gone for. With
“Cas is right there, numbnuts-”
Castiel nods in wordless agreement, hands sliding up Dean’s hips, mind fritzing. He tries a slow roll like he knows he’s supposed to- but Dean’s hands tighten on his shoulders, and Castiel stills immediately despite the way that his hips simply
Dean slides back onto him and does it just so, Castiel biting off a groan as Dean finds a rolling pace, his hands leaving trails of heat behind where he touches him. Dean’s nothing but persistent when he has a goal in sight, a merciless bloodhound with a scent, and this is no different. Castiel can barely control himself, hands grasping at whatever skin he can find as Dean comes so, so close to overwhelming him, to ending this and Dean hasn’t even- he wants to see-
He quickly slides into the front seat and he revs the engine softly. He almost cries at the vibration drumming under the pads of his fingers. He thought he’d never feel this again, feel the thrum of her motor, hear the sweet crooning of his cassette tapes, feel the resistance in inertia as he speeds around a corner.
Dean asks himself, bitterly. If so, they were a right prick.
“Like what ya see, kid?” Dean speaks up and he smirks with all the confidence of a lion that caught a gazelle; that intense expression is zeroed in on Castiel.
“Just a guess, but it’s probably because you hesitate on the Walking Dead anytime Daryl Dixon is on the screen.”
“Gabriel, you can’t do this. I have an essay due in four hours.” Cas huffs as he glares at the door that was just closed in his face.
“I know. You don’t have to explain yourself, Dean.” Castiel smiles the softest smile Dean has ever seen and maybe, just maybe, did his heart jump a little. “Besides…” Castiel glances away with a sly smirk. “No resurrections this time. We’ve got the rest of eternity to hate each other, hold grudges against one another, or even love each other. I’m a patient man, Dean.”
"I think my rage is coming on."
"Is the food helping?"
“...Of course he meant it! He was trying to keep the soul for himself and hurt me to do it!” Jack didn’t move, stuck in a trance as he continued to stare at his hands.
Castiel stepped forward. He could tell the nephilim was going to accept her ask, no questions, and every part if him knew that it was a very bad idea.
“There.” Castiel and Lailah looked to where Jack was pointing, a cemetery just underneath and slightly past the railroad tracks.
“You couldn’t have known, Sam.”
Sorry for the late update!! This chapter kicked my butt!
“Dean, I-”
“You’re in rut.” She stated once he was within ear shot.
Jack shuffled his feet and looked back at Castiel, an apology in his eyes. The angel frowned and tilted his head in question. What was the nephilim up to?
Dean raised up on an elbow, making eye contact with him for the first time since they woke up. He winked and shrugged. "Nah, I think it's all me. I'm just that good."
Sam continued to push him down the curved hallway. "The founding company, Morningstar, has started a new program and we can’t figure out what it is. The group i’m with, our methods are changing to try and keep up, but-” Sam paused long enough for Dean to turn and face his little brother. “-the plan to get you out hasn’t changed. No matter what, in the evening of day three, we’re moving. You’re getting out, Dean. All of you.”
“Morning guys!” He turned to see Sam standing in the doorway of the kitchen.
The nurse grinned as Dean was forced into his space. The expression reminded Dean of the christmas program he and Sam watched every year, The Grinch. “Have to? No.” The nurse gave a sharp chuckle, “but I've been wanting this since I discovered abominations like you existed.”
As if reading his thoughts, Dean shifted, his nose going right into the juncture of Castiel's neck and shoulder. The omega sighed and Castiel chuckled.
"Just relax." Michael encouraged, "Let yourself enjoy this."
“Use your words.”
The chapter is 2 weeks behind and I apologize!! I changed it multiple times and took out an entire scene. I'm not sure if I like it but I guess we will see if you do.
Castiel nuzzled in closer. Inias's scent washed through him with every deep breath he took. He imagined he could stand there with Inias through his entire rut. Unfortunately, the omega pushed against his chest, keeping him at arm's length.
Tanya gasped in front of them. “Haley? My Haley?”
“Huh” Dean stated, “I guess you’re right.”
I'm not a huge fan of the actual interrogation scene, but I've been staring at it for months and decided to just leave it and let it go.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel hummed in response.
Lailah turned her head, making a face at him. “Emotions make humans weak.”
“Alright, well drive safe.”
Castiel nodded, a smile glued to his face. "Tonight?"
Dean squinted as the afternoon sun beat down on him as he entered his new temporary home. The clearing was much closer to the main gate than the other dome and featured multiple huts. If Dean hadn’t been aware of the guards, dome, and being half naked, he’d have assumed he walked into a crowded campsite in the middle of August. Sam continued to lead him past picnic tables and the fire pit until they reached the edge of the clearing. He pointed down a small hill where, in the center, was a large group of people.
"Well, let's get started then, yeah?" Michael suggested.
“I was just heading towards the kitchen to speak with Sam and Dean. Did you sleep well?”
“I...I think I feel something.” Jack looked to both angels. “I can feel a sort of vibration, like it’s under my skin.”
"Yea I'm-" Dean paused, "wait who?" It was a strange way to ask that question.
Dean slid his hands up Castiel's arms and cupped his face making him look down at him. Staring into Dean's eyes, he tried to remember how he got there but just couldn't. The last thing he remembered was sliding into bed the night before, next thing he knew he was here, fucking Dean into the King sized bed they had been sharing the past 3 years.
“Mom?”
Oh...right…
This chapter is quite long. I was going to split it into 2, but there just wasn't a good enough place to do so, and I had already committed to 8, so have a 7k+ chapter. PHEW
“I don’t know. Something happened and the next thing I knew I was on earth again.
Michael immediately removed himself from touching Castiel anywhere. Castiel pitched forward in an attempt to complete the near-orgasm that was slipping further away. He had been so close to finally experiencing what he’d waited so long to try, and to have it ripped away without warning, left him reeling. He whined and tried desperately to catch his breath.
The omega trusted him not to break that promise. It took every inch of self control available to him that he pulled out and spent himself over his omegas ass and thighs.
Dean deals with what he learned the night before
She sighed. “We are neither younger nor older than each other. All angels were created at the same time.”
"I know,” Dean pulled the alpha back into a hug, eyes hard as he tried to think about what his next steps would be, “and I keep my promises."
"It's okay, sweetheart," Michael purred. "I'm going to take care of you."
“Dean!”
“Did you tell her..”
“Yes. In heaven.”
“How old are you?”
Castiel glanced up and down the tracks, searching for a light, a sense, to try and track where the soul had gone. “I didn’t sense anything on the way here, did you?” He asked Lailah.
He pulled the brush from his mouth. “Oh right!”
Dean took a deep breath, his eyes never leaving his lap.
When Castiel finally worked up the courage to remove his shirt, he folded it and put it with his hoodie at the end of the futon. He undid the button of his jeans and slid them down his thighs, letting them fall the rest of the way to the floor. He stepped out of them before folding them and placing them on the couch with the rest of his clothes, leaving him standing there in his black boxer briefs and black ankle socks.
“Cas!”
Which world is Castiel about to wake up in? Who is 'She'? What's real anymore? Tell me your thoughts and theories!
Lailah shook her head. “Naomi.”
"What?" Dean’s pulse raced as he processed the new information. The pups being taken must have been what Sam had tried to warn him about. If the people responsible for capturing them were taking pups, then it made sense that plans would be changing.
“Wait.” Tanya called, stepping around the gravestone. “He...he said my daughter sent him.”
*****
“Maybe you’re right.”
Dean's arm wrapped around Castiel's middle, pulling him closer. He kept his face in Castiel's neck as he mumbled, "It's not bad, thanks to you."
He looked away. “I…. I don't remember, I'm sorry.”
“I understand.” Jack looked away from him, eyes now straight ahead as well.
“Help you with what?” Castiel asked.
“Dean, these are human souls that don't belong on Earth. If they don't travel back into heaven they'll simply become ghosts and we don't want that.”
"I know that song," Castiel whispered.
Tears started flowing more freely. “
“But Lucifer, Michael, they were older?”
Dean swallowed. “For not teaching you poker. For not celebrating christmas. For not paying attention when you needed me the most.”
He nodded at the information. It wasn’t that he really wanted her name, he was just panicking. How long had Sam been wanting to talk about Jack but Castiel hadn’t allowed him too? Was that why he didn’t come by the house that often anymore? Why the brothers always went out without him? Was he a burden?
Dean's voice cracked as he asked, "why?"
Phew, so I've fallen a bit behind on these chapters by a few days. The story was initially meant to go a slightly different way, but Dean can be very argumentative with his own story lines and, unfortunately, quite persuasive. The next chapter is no where near done and I plan on working hard all week to get it posted on time, but don't be disappointed or surprised if it ends up being a little late again. Sorry. But I promise to make it up to you! The rest of Part 2 is planned out so I do have a path and goal in sight!
“Without us, you mean.” Lailah retorted.
Thank you so much to those clicking in and reading this fic. I don't have a beta reader so all the mistakes are mine and mine only. This chapter was so much fun to write! I cut it off early since it was going on for a lot longer than I had intended. We're finally getting into the main plot point and its exciting!
"Sorry." Castiel rubbed his palms against his thighs.
Dean sighed. "I was afraid of that" He slowly reached across and placed his hand on Castiel's arm. "Will you eat first?" Castiel felt himself lean into the touch, desperate for his omega. He wasn’t hungry for food. He needed more touch and he needed it now. He felt the fingers around his arm tighten, dragging his attention back up. "Please?"
"I know you can do it, Dean. Trust me."
The guard that had spotted them eyed Dean suspiciously. "Do you need help?" They asked Sam.
If you've come back to read the new chapter, THANK YOU SO MUCH. It means the world to me that you would come back after all this time. Please believe me when I say, I plan to finish this fic! Baby steps as I jump back in. Chapter 9 is still in the works but I'll be working on it a TON this week since I won't really be working.
The angel woke with a start, Jack standing above him gently poking his shoulder. Slowly he sat up, his body feeling heavy as the effects of his dream self slowly started to melt away.
Castiel is back from the hospital. Sam and Dean each have things they want Castiel to know
“Why would a soul do that?” Lailah asked perplexed.
"You do?" Cas asked before he could stop himself.
Dean gripped his face tight and lifted the alphas gaze back to him. "Listen to me. You made me a promise when we first met. You kept your promise when every instinct told you not to.” Cas sniffled but kept his gaze. “I'm going to make you a promise right now. I'm going to get your pup's back and I'm going to help everyone here escape."
With a kiss to Claire's head, he wandered off toward his packs' huts.
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel said. “And don’t forget Friday night.”
Without further ado, enjoy!
He never was.
Sam had taken a folding chair and retreated out into the yard next to the bonfire he had just started. Castiel attempted to balance 2 beers and a plate of 2 burgers and brats while Dean grabbed them both a chair and set them up next to Sam’s.
Castiel took a deep breath and turned around. He gasped as he felt fingers graze his sides and slowly slide across his stomach. His cock stirred with arousal as Michael pressed in behind him, then rested his chin over Castiel’s bare shoulder.
"I'm happy being with you, if that's what you mean. But, I'm not a human. I'm a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent that's been squished inside a human vessel." Castiel slowly wiped his thumb along Dean's stubbled cheek. "Jimmy Novak was an honorable man, but being human," Castiel struggled for words, "it's like putting on a mask but it never being able to come off. Breathing is strange, colors, tastes, sounds. It's all so different and sometimes it's a little overwhelming. I don't think I'll ever truly feel right as a human."
“Cas, look…” Sam started, stepping in front of his brother to grab Castiel's attention, “If you feel like you need to help the angels and heaven or whatever then we're cool with that.”
Castiel nodded. “How long ago was that?”
Dean smiled and leaned over to kiss him. “I need to shower, you wanna join me?”
Burden!
“Ten!”
Don't hate me! There's still one more chapter of Part 2 so please hang on!
"It's suspicious.” Kelly agreed. “I don't like it, Castiel."
He wanted to tell Dean no. No he wasn't okay, he was far from it. He wanted to cry and bury himself in his lovers embrace but the words got caught in his throat. For some reason he just couldn't translate his emotions into words that would make sense to Dean, especially when he barely understood them himself. Plus, why worry him when it could be nothing at all? He didn't sleep well and now he was exhausted and still hot from the lack of air conditioning. Imagine that, needing an air conditioning in Wisconsin in October.
She still hadn’t noticed the two angels behind her. Not wanting to spook her, Castiel signaled Lailah for him and her to fly into the dark behind Jack. She nodded in understanding and they flew off, landing just a few feet behind Jack. The woman didn’t notice.
Sam put his head down low, close to his ear. "You have to find a way out. Get all the omegas and pups to the garden. We'll take it from there."
Dean shuffled to face him on the couch. He slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled something out. “I need you to understand just how much you mean to me. How important you are.” Dean opened his hand, a small silver band sitting inside his palm. “I love you, Cas. I love how adamant you are to drink coffee before facing the world. I love how you can’t sleep without tea at night. I love how much you love that stupid cat,” Castiel gave a wet laugh, “I love how you can never let me leave for work without saying goodbye first. I love that you hate jeans and prefer wandering around in those ratty pairs of sweats you refuse to throw out.” Dean laughed through his own tears. “I love that you get excited to eat the new recipes I cook, and I love how you hold me close on those nights when I have nightmares.”
After their shower he managed to go through the motions, but he couldn't help but analyze every move Dean made. The way Dean's fingers moved as he tied his shoes, how he always frowned as if the task was the worst thing he'd do all day. How his construction shirt showed off his farmers tan, the lines more obvious every time his sleeves moved up too high. The way Dean looked at him when he was concerned.
“It helps them navigate their free will and how to best use that power. Without emotions, humans would have destroyed themselves long ago.”
"What if it was just an accident?" Hannah tried. He wrinkled his nose at her sudden stench of old fish. She always stood closer to him when she was worried and a part of him wished she wouldn't.
The feeling of hands on his face were gone and he felt the panic rise up even higher. Eternity went by as he tried to figure out what to do. Should he sit? Should he stay put?
“But…”
Christmas music crackled through the speakers as they meandered through the Christmas decorations in the local Farm N Fleet. Castiel followed Sam, quietly contemplating the use of the fake tree branches pulled into circles with bows. He'd seen them in years past, the homes in town all sporting at least one on their front doors, but never knew why. Humans had interesting decorative ideals.
Castiel smiled once again and took a sip of his eggnog. “Yes.”
Please stop.
He had to tell him. Maybe he'd understand, or maybe he'd get mad. Not telling him wasn't exactly lying, but it wasn't entirely truthful, either. Would Michael be mad? Would he make him leave? Castiel sighed and closed his eyes again. Regardless, he had to tell him the truth. Michael needed to know. "I'm a virgin."
Cas pulled Dean’s attention back to him by resting his hand on his shoulder and pulling him away. Dean’s shoulder lit up from the alpha’s touch and his inner omega sighed from the much needed contact. Cas was safe, warm, and home. Though his brother was far away once again, he knew, after their week together, that he could trust the alpha with his life. The alpha had proved himself of that within their first twenty-four hours together.
All three spun around, coming face to face with the soul. The blue orb hovered in front of them, it’s light flickering as if it was losing its ability to stay in the air.
"Hey, Cas. You okay?"
He blinked a few times and tried to focus on Dean's whispered words. His body was hyper aware of the cold hands on his face and the cold, and now wet, thing in his left hand. Closing his eyes, he leaned forward, burying his face in Dean's neck again. He smelt like a forest and home. Castiel took a deep inhale as if he was trying to drown in the smell of Dean. As arms wrapped around him, he began to relax, allowing his breathing to slow down.
Castiel paused his ministrations. "Do you think they did something to us?"
A wide eyed and panicked Dean rounded to doorway and stopped dead when he saw Castiel pathetically sitting on the toilet with a scratched up bloody arm and a half bandaged hand. He just watched as the hunter instincts in Dean had him scanning the non angel before sweeping the bathroom. He wasn’t surprised by his reaction, with over three years of non monster activity, anytime anything fell out of place Dean was sure to overthink it, he just wished the insincts hadn’t come out due to Castiel's own stupidity.
"Because at this particular moment I don't have my powers. Or Chuck's powers. I can feel my… normal… powers very slowly coming back to me, but this cut will be healed at the normal human rate before I get those back based on how slowly I can tell they are coming back." Jack explained.
Sighing one more time at the clock, he turned back to his distressed cat. “Well, it's after noon, are you hungry? Is that what you're complaining about?” With a final meow, Milo stalked out of the bedroom and, by the sound of it, down the stairs.
Dean closed his eyes as Castiel shifted to face Dean, careful not to disturb Milo too much. "But I wasn't just an Angel, Dean. Jack was alive, the souls had fallen, Lucifer was dead, and I still had all of my powers. I even had my wings, Dean."
Dean nodded, his eyes moving back and forth over Castiel’s face. “ I know.” He took a step back and leaned against the counter next to them. “Sam wasn’t doing too hot at work today either.” Castiel nodded, unsure of what to say. They both remembered what the day was and they both knew what it meant to him.
He allowed himself time to take in what she had said. She believed he was a good boy. Knowing what he really wanted, he asked.
“Yes?”
“But, when I go back, to heaven, I remember things that i’ve done.”
Dean nodded his head against Castiel's chest. "Same. I've been known to get heat haze for a few days halfway through. It's only been two days, but still. I don't think I'll black out either."
He wasn’t an angel anymore and he was never going to be. The angels were extinct. Heaven was gone. Jack was gone. None of it was ever coming back. Ever. He was going to be like this, this broken human, for the rest of this mortal life. Everything he knew, everything he had done, it was all for nothing. He lost everything and for what? To end up slowly rotting into death? A fraction of what he once was?
T-minus 2.5 days till escape
This chapter went down MANY different paths but i'm beyond happy that I finally settled on this one. I hope you are all happy too and that it was worth the wait!
He sighed. Jack was so sure he was right and Castiel wanted him to be, but Lailah was also right. He looked to Jack who stood defeated before him. “He has a point, Lailah. I think we should continue forward to the graveyard.” She frowned. “If we don’t find anything, we can double back.”
His fears. His pain. His thoughts. His hope.
Castiel’s mouth watered as his senses dialed in on the sweet scent of omega slick. His eyes were focused on nothing, his consciousness on the smells around him than any actual physical thing. He licked his lips, opening his mouth to the aroma pulling him in. It seeped into his bloodstream and made him shiver. He needed more. But where was it coming from?
Jack turned towards him and frowned. “She needs my help, I have to help her.”
Sam shook Dean’s arm to get his attention back. "You have three days. After sunset. That's when we move."
__________
That got Cas’s attention. “Executed?!” Rage surged from the alpha in waves as his face went through a multitude of emotions.
“Castiel.”
That voice. It pulled his attention forward. Sitting in front of him was a red omega, sweat soaked and panting. He was gorgeous, mouth hanging open, eyes closed.
Life after the hospital stay was strange. While Castiel understood his actions had hurt those he loved, he hadn't expected them to change much. He also hadn't expected to learn that there were many different ways to ask certain questions by only asking one. If Dean or Sam asked him how he was doing one more time, he was going to smash another door.
Castiel shook his head. “I’m not sure. Perhaps she’s waiting for something?”
Well hello again everyone.
This was meant to be much much longer but with this chapter being over a day late and it starting to drift over 5k words, I decided to cut it off here. Sam and Human!Cas to come in the next chapter! Don't be afraid to let me know what you think :)
Sam stepped away once he was sure the star would stay and joined them to admire their work. “Not too bad, guys.”
“I’m sorry, but we need to send you back to heaven before that happens.”
“Mrowwwr!”
“My name is Jack. Your daughter wanted me to speak to you.”
Dean reached up and cupped Castiel's cheek, that sparkle still in his beautiful gold ringed green eyes. "Anytime, Cas." They stayed there for just a moment before Dean finally turned and grabbed their food. If Castiel didn't know better, he'd say he was falling for the omega. But he did understand better, and no one truly fell in love while in rut or heat. It was always just chemical reactions to each other's scents. Everyone knew that. Plus, who would ever fall in love while in prison?
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
Castiel blinked up at the brothers, Dean leaning towards him and Sam still leaning back, both with concern on their faces. He hated it. Clearing his throat, he pushed his chair back and stood up, gesturing to both of them with his non bandaged and newly slung arm.
Sam shot a look him, studying his face. He tried to stay calm, not showing Sam how much he truly didn’t want to talk about Jack. That even thinking his name caused him immense amounts of pain, but he must have hidden his internal struggle well when Sam looked away and back at the sky.
Dean's fears are more possible than they thought
“Yes, and I'm hoping he'll take me on his missions with him!” Jack stated with glee.
“All in time, Amelia,” Cas soothed the omega. “He’s just arrived and I need to show him to our hut.” The omega cast her eyes away and nodded. The others were not too far behind them, watching carefully.
"Get moving, mutt," Sam growled loud enough for the guard to hear. Dean rolled his eyes and turned back around allowing Sam to continue pushing him down the way.
Castiel nodded and sat back again.
No. Oh no.
Lailah stopped this time, just a couple feet away, turning to face him. “Perhaps it was them that wasn’t good for us.”
Dean sat across from him, his plate already empty except for a few stray pieces of meat that would be thrown into the woods for the critters. Castiel’s own plate had barely been touched. Deep down he knew he needed to eat to keep his strength up during his rut, he just didn’t want to.
Down the way, more guards appeared through an open doorway that looked similar to the dome entry points. Dean frowned at the nearly twenty guards milling about, half holding up assault rifles. His time with his brother was up. There was no choice but to take his brother's word and pray the plan went off without a hitch. Sam continued to lead him towards the doorway and passed all the armed guards.
“I don’t know if I can speak for Lailah, but yes.” He smiled, memories of his time before the apocalypse coming up as he looked up at the sky. “We were both part of garrisons tasked with watching over the earth and its humans. Humans can be, interesting creatures. I enjoyed watching them very much.”
"What is going on?" He demanded.
The nephilim looked at him and nodded. “Yes.”
“Lucifer was never his father. He only saw Jack as a means to and end.”
She placed her other hand on his opposite cheek and lifted his gaze towards hers.
"Do you wanna get some?" Sam asked, grabbing a box and looking it over. "Dean would put these up for you if you wanted. Or I could too."
“No, Dean! He needs help!”
Jack/Haley shook their head. “It doesn’t matter. He’s helping me get a few moments with you before I go back to heaven.”
Castiel looked to Lailah, their eyes meeting in a mixture of concern and curiosity.
"You're not going to enjoy yourself if you stay this worked up. You gotta relax, man."
"Mmm," Castiel reached up with both hands to take the steaming cup of what smelled like honey and vanilla tea, "thank you, Dean." It was his favorite.
"So," the guy pulled Castiel’s attention back to him. He was leaning back against the door, his arms crossed over his chest, and smiling at him, causing another shiver to make its way down his spine. "Are you Beelover18?"
Dean grinned down at him, his now empty hand floating out between them. Castiel closed his eyes to take a sip and smiled. When he looked back up, Dean hadn't moved. The slight scrunch of his brow spoke volumes.
Dean tilted his head and pressed his lips to Castiel’s in a soft kiss. “You’re welcome, Cas.”
They made their way back into the graveyard, walking around the parked car. A woman was standing in front of the small gravestone, flowers in hand having not noticed them yet. Not wanting to disturb her, he motioned for Lailah to stay back with him.
“No.” She shook her head. “We need to go after the soul before she turns.”
“Hey hey hey.” He felt hands cradle his face. “Cas look at me. Babe, please, what's going on?” Castiel couldn't lift his head to look at Dean. He felt paralyzed in his spot, as if moving would be the end of him. “Shit!”
“You saved many many people, and angels.” Castiel added.
Castiel nodded and obeyed the plea. He was slightly thrown by how close Michael was but swallowed down the shock it caused. Michael looked like he genuinely wanted to help, and it confused him. The man's hand had just been on his dick, and yet he looked like they were in the middle of a heart-to-heart. None of his actions made sense to Castiel, and he couldn't figure out if it made him feel better or worse.
Oh shit. Was Cas's rut not over? His eyes hadn't been red that morning, Dean was sure of it. Or what if he got hurt? Dean's pulse hammered in his throat. “Sammy, what happened? Is he okay?”
“How can you tell?” Jack asked as he followed.
“Cas?” Absentmindedly, he felt hands on his shoulders.
The memories of his dream flashed through his mind as he finally pinpointed the taste. The coffee he had drank, the panic attack, the house, being human, Dean, the sex...
She raised an eyebrow at him, a hint of annoyance overpowering her usual scent of Lilac and freshly cut grass. He laughed and raised his hands in surrender. “I’ll talk with him, how does that sound?”
Michael sped up his strokes, squeezing his head on every upstroke. "Don't. Come. Yet."
Jack stepped back in shock, eyes drawn down to his own hands. “I...I’m sorry. I don’t know what that was. I just wanted you to stop.”
Paradise. An omega was whining and moaning in front of him, his knot buried deep. Sultry smells and emotions swirled around him while the sound of Castiel’s body slamming into his omegas echoed in the small hut. Slick slipped past his knot and onto the floor. His omega smelled amazing. He couldn’t have asked for anything more. He was in paradise.
A familiar sting spread through his neck and shoulders before Castiel dropped to the ground. The last thing he saw before everything went black was the look of panic on Inias's face.
“Do you hear me?" Dean shook the alpha’s face in question.
“No,” he shook his head, “it doesn’t make them weak. I believe it makes them strong.”
"I have your breakfast." She said softly with a forced smile.
---------
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Work together?”
Lailah looked up at him again with concern. “Has something happened?”
“Let me help.” Dean sighed, reaching out again for his broken hand.
He closed his eyes in thought before answering. “Sort of. I think I can feel multiple energies.”
Meditation has certainly been helping. While it always had before, Castiel had found a new appreciation for it during the first month out of the hospital. Milo and him would wander out every morning, just as they used to, but instead of exercising, Castiel sat. Sometimes for a few minutes, others for hours. Dean had joined him the first few times, but quickly gave up after a week. Dean wasn't the type to sit and do nothing, he needed to do something with his hands. Castiel admired that, having his own desires to get things done, but his time in the hospital hadn't just taught him what meds would help his damaged human mind, but how to be still. How to just be.
“It’s okay. It’s okay. Let it out. I’ve got you. You’re going to be okay.”
Lailah scoffed in front of them. “Oh yea, like what?”
"I haven't felt this in control for a long time." Castiel confessed.
“His own father…no...Lucifer..he…” Sam shook his head.
Before he could lean forward and chase Dean’s retreating lips, a cough sounded from the front door. “Am I interrupting something?”
Finishing his cereal, he stood and washed out the bowl, placing it in the half full dishwasher. He glanced at his phones time again, it reading 12:52pm. Dean would get off of work at around 3 and be back by about 3:30. If he stayed on task he'd have enough time to clean out the garden, do some laundry, and get his workout in. Closing the dishwasher, he decided to ignore the mailbox and headed up to grab the laundry basket.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Promised?” Castiel asked, growing confused. Why was his omega speaking so clearly? He could smell the lust and need rolling off the omega in droves. Surely he was already in his haze. Omega’s in haze needed their alpha’s. Castiel would give him what he needed.
Stop it. Please. Just stop it. Stop. Please
Dean frowned. "Hey, Jude? Yea, it's a classic."
“Castiel?” Jack was standing in front of him now, looking back to see if he was following.
“Castiel. Hey, can you hear me? Babe, please look at me.”
Dean's voice cracked a bit, and they both chuckled. Castiel tilted his head up to watch Dean as he sang the next bit, placing a hand over the one on his chest. Castiel noticed something shift in Dean's gaze but didn't get enough time to study it because Dean was leaning down towards him. Their lips brushed in a gentle kiss, just enough to show each other they were right there, together, at the moment. A short kiss, just enough to enjoy without delving deeper. Castiel smiled at the omega above him.
"How can you be so sure?"
His frown deepened.
Impala grinned, a mischievous gleam in his eyes. "You can call me ‘Michael’."
In an attempt to keep her spirits up, he did his best to look as unbothered as possible. "Hello, Hannah."
Dean exhalled with a whispered, “Jesus christ, Cas.”.
"Thank fuck." Dean stumbled forward into Sam as the one guard threw him forward. "Here. Don't let him get away."
Honey
The omega was in the clearing naked, cooking up something from the crates. They had silently agreed to abandon clothing for the rest of their cycles. It would only get in the way. The aroma lingered underneath the sultry smell of the omega, making Castiel’s mouth water. The thought of sneaking up behind Dean, grabbing him by the waist and taking him there, in the middle of the clearing, made his already hard cock throb in the open air. Dean was feeling his own haze, it was evident in the strong scent of cinnamon overwhelming the vanilla. He needed his alpha.
There wasn't much to research. All he was doing at the moment was re reading the news articles for the 10th time.
"No."
There wasn’t a doubt in Dean’s mind that he wouldn’t do everything he could to heal the pain the alpha was experiencing. He only prayed that, when the time came, he could deliver on that promise.
His first test with this new information came a few days later. Sam was tasked with picking up decorations for the house and Castiel decided to tag along. Dean had decided to work on a new dining room table for Thanksgiving and the noise was driving Castiel insane. Plus, they'd never decorated for Christmas before and Castiel was beyond intrigued.
He gasped as the unwanted memories flashed behind his closed eyes. Lifting his arms from under the pillow, he draped them over his head in an attempt to hide beneath them. His fingers scraped his scalp as he searched for something, anything to grab and hold onto. Before he knew what was happening, his knees were curling up underneath him towards his chest. This was another panic attack. Great.
"For a few days, before that night, I had been dreaming about being an angel. Only, it wasn't exactly a dream?"
"That's it,” Michael whispered. "You're doing so good." Castiel curled his toes as his arousal flared with the addition of praise. "You like that, don’t you?" Michael asked, two of his fingers holding him, his thumb rubbing circles just under his crown. "You like it when I praise you?"
Let me know what you think in the comments or visit me on tumblr and shoot me a message!
“Over here!”
"Because he feels sorry for me." Castiel closed his eyes and huffed a deep breath.
"You boys want some tea?"
"You weren't?"
When he drew in a breath to reply, Castiel was embarrassed to find that he was practically panting. "S-sorry."
Castiel sobbed as he finally let his orgasm wash over him. Come spurted against his stomach and chest as euphoria spread through his body with every continued stroke of Michael's hand.
Wait, no. That wasn't true anymore. He was human now, but he knew that. He remembered that. How could he not? He remembered every time he laid down for bed when his body reminded him he was tired or when his head got all loopy after a few beers with dinner. He remembered every time he looked up into the sky and remembered that angels, heaven, weren't there anymore. He remembered every time he went into town and drove past that church. He remembered every time he woke up in the morning. Every time his stomach growled for food. Every time he stubbed his toe or jammed his finger or required a shower. He always remembered.
----<><><><><><><><>----
Michael picked up his pace, pumping faster and harder. Castiel groaned, arching back against the hard body behind him. He was approaching the edge, and it wouldn't be long before he'd tumble over. He didn't want it to be over yet. He never wanted it to stop. Not now. Not yet. Michael pinched his nipples again, and Castiel shuddered.
“I just woke him up, he was crying.” Jack called from behind him.
Lailah’s warning had his head whipping up. Lailah had her blade out, squaring up to something behind him. Turning quickly he saw five demons making their way up the drive behind Tanya’s car.
Castiel allowed himself a chuckle. He couldn't remember the last time he truly laughed. "I agree. I would love to spend time with you."
Dean leaned down and kissed him. “As fast as baby can go.” They both chuckled before finally letting go of one another.
She snickered in response. “I could have done it faster.” Castiel rolled his eyes.
Sam trekked through to the front door and shrugged on his coat. “Yea. Hate driving in the snow.”
Inias looked up through his long lashes, his lip pulled in between his teeth. He had already agreed to host Castiel during his rut that cycle, but Castiel wanted to hear the confirmation one more time. Just to be sure.
“I need another beer, you want one?”
Jack had to stand and think for a moment. Would it be hard? Yeah, obviously. But they’d get Castiel back, and their end goal would still be the same it had always been. End Chuck. Only now they wouldn’t even have Chuck looming over them. They’d be able to figure it out without worry. And they’d have a good few years to do it. He couldn’t say no. “Yes. Yes we have a deal.”
“Go back to heaven? You left?”
“You have been dreaming?”
“Castiel.”
“Lilly, you’re due anytime now, correct?” She nodded without a word. “So, maybe they’ve decided to take you for the birth as they did for Emily and Timothy.” Castiel offered.
He glanced up at food in the pantry as he put the broom back, his first instinct being to grab some food and eat it. When he first became human he had a hard time knowing when to eat and when not to eat, just waiting until his body hurt. Dean had gotten upset with him far too many times so he had done some research. The internet told him to eat periodically throughout the day but to also eat at least 3 full meals. Building a routine had helped him through the years but today had broken that routine. He wasn't necessarily hungry, but shouldn't he eat something? The thought of Dean coming home and learning he hadn't eaten all day made him cringe. Best to just eat something than to have Dean be upset with him out of worry. Sighing, he grabbed the box of Raisin Bran and pulled the milk out of the fridge.
"Oh, sweetheart," he purred, "you don't know what good feels like yet."
"So, try again. Tell me what’s going on?"
His cock hung hard between his legs, throbbing from the lack of stimulation. The need to be touched was suddenly driving him insane; he had never felt like this before, had never wanted to be touched by someone else so badly. Castiel dove headfirst into the longing and pressed his chin down against Michael’s fingers and closed his eyes. Michael trailed his fingers slowly along his jaw before turning his wrist to rest his palm against Castiel’s cheek. Castiel leaned into the touch and sighed.
“What was her name?”
The tree was nothing special, a simple blue spruce from a parking lot in town that Dean had picked up while Sam and Castiel had been at the store. It had been a pleasant surprise, seeing Dean struggle to line up the six foot tree to the base. Sam had dropped the bags in his hand to rush and help as Castiel stood and stared. Dean was going all out and a part of Castiel wanted to panic, but Sam’s words still echoed in his mind. Dean loved him and would do anything to make him smile. So that’s what he did. He smiled as the boys stood back to admire the slightly crooked tree. He smiled as they haphazardly strewn lights around the branches. He smiled as Dean handed him a mug of eggnog and smiled as Sam, the official winner, placed the star at the top.
“Jack.” The nephilim turned to look at him. Just as he thought, the toothbrush was still hanging forgotten from his mouth. “Toothbrush.”
Castiel acknowledged the sound of Michael standing up and the couch cushions groaning as they settled back into place. When nothing immediately happened, Castiel’s nerves got the better of him, and he started to quiver with his renewed anticipation. Michael stayed distanced for what Castiel could assume had been hours. Perhaps, even an eternity, far too fucking long for Castiel’s sanity.
“Dean, we talked about this.” Sam scolded.
Jack tilted his head forward, looking at Tanya. “Mom?” He finally said.
Jack opened his eyes, blinking a few times. Castiel couldn’t tell what was happening but the energy rolling off Jack was intense. It made him even more scared.
“More souls?” Castiel asked.
“Castiel.” Lailah called, only a few steps behind him.
"Thank you, Dean.” He said, voice low. “For singing to me. I really appreciate it."
He made his decision as he watched his daughter eat. “Kelly, make sure the food gets rationed properly. Whatever is going on, we need to make sure we don’t overindulge." Castiel looked away and made eye contact with Kelly. He trusted her more than any other in the pack. "This could be an accident, strategic, or a test. Let’s try not to fail.”
I didn't add the non con tag as i'm not positive on whether this fic needed it or not. If I am wrong and it needs to be added, PLEASE let me know and I will add it immediately.
Castiel wiped his brow as he stepped back out into the clearing. This particular rut seemed to affect him more than it usually did. Not once in his two years there had his own village's scents overwhelmed him as they did now. One more hut, and he’d be free to go to Inias and let go.
“This isn’t okay, Dean!”
Stop it!
Something was different today though.
He gave a small shrug towards the nephilim. “I wouldn't be able to teach you a lot about your powers, since we still don't know the full extent of your capabilities, and you're the only nephilim I've ever spent extensive time with, but I could help with other things. Is angel radio still bugging you?”
“I found her on accident a few weeks ago. She owns a shop in town, that one with the flowers and tea. Have you seen it?”
Jack turned back to her and stepped closer. Lailah shot Castiel a look, frowning in confusion. He simply shrugged in response.
Tanya gripped her daughters hands; Jacks hands. “How will you get back?” Tanya asked, worried.
They stared at one another for a while before Dean finally nodded. "Okay. Yeah. Sure." The omega started to stand. "Come on, alpha."
"The case?"
"Oh, god. Michael. I'm-"
So, it's been almost 2 years. In all that time I have to say I never stopped thinking about this fic. Life threw me a massive curveball and I backed away. This fic has meant a lot to me as It's the biggest fic I've ever worked on for SPN and know how I want it to go and how it will end. This chapter and the following chapters have been in the works the entire time. This chapter alone having been basically done for the past 10 months. I guess there's 1 good thing that's come out of this "self-quarantine" days we live in currently. I have all the time in the world to focus on this fic and my other works Fanfic and original content.
Jack looked up at him again, an argument in his eyes. “Castiel…” He tightened his grip on Jacks shoulder and turned him to leave. Jack hesitated, “Please. I can help, I know I can.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Castiel!”
THANK YOU SO MUCH to those who have commented. Your input kept me motivated to keep digging to figure out what was wrong with this chapter. I hope it was worth the wait!
Castiel wakes up, but which world did he wake up to?
No. There was no way it was just a dream. It had been too real. Far too real. This had to be a dream. Being here, a human, with Dean. He had to wake up, he just had to. Jack’s life depended on it. Gently pulling back from the embrace, he started to climb off of Dean and the bed, the wood floor warm against his bare feet.
It was only a few moments later when they walked up to the last seen location of the possible soul. The three of them wandered down towards the tracks that had curved further back past the trees and towards the lake.
“A week,” Kelly responded.
“To see her mother.” Jack answered. The soul hovered a little closer to Jack.
“Believe it.” Sam pulled away first and looked around. Dean followed suit and relaxed further when no one was milling about. "I brought you this." Sam produced Dean's soiled loincloth and he reddened. He'd forgotten he was still naked. Dean grabbed the cloth that still wreaked of his own slick and even some of Cas's spend, and started wrapping it around himself.
Not wanting to make Dean worry, he looked back up at Dean and smiled. “Yea, it's just too damn hot in here.”
A loud pop exploded from the fire, more smoke drifting up into the night sky. His heartbeat sped up in his chest, his vision slowly starting to blur as he stared at the burning logs. Of course he was having another panic attack, it only made sense. They seemed to be a staple of the day, what with this being the third or forth one in a 12 hour period.
"No!" Dean almost choked as he waved his hands and shook his head. "I'm not with pup, it's not that."
“When I found you on the bedroom floor, and y-you,” Dean breathed, “I knew. I was so scared I would lose you and have never told you what you mean to me. That you’d never know how important you are.”
Castiel groaned and lifted his hips. "Yes, yes, yes!"
“Lailah, it’s good to see you.” He greeted, hoping to lighten his sisters mood.
“We should keep moving.”
“Yes.” Lailah was the one to answer.
He watched as Impala shut the door and turned toward him. The room was small, definitely not a shared room. Instead of a bed on each side of the room, a bunk bed was on one side, a black futon on the other, and a compact desk with a wheelie chair between them. Castiel had barely stepped into the room, and he was practically in the middle of it.
They both shook their heads. "We're not sure." Amelia responded. "They don't seem to be acting any different than usual. Just the amount of food."
Then what was it?
"By how much?"
Looking away, Castiel pulled his hand away. “I should wrap this up and finish my exercises.”
Castiel reached out and ran his fingers through Claire’s long blonde hair. “She deserves better than this. You all do.”
----------
"Okay.” Cas wrapped his arms around Dean tight. They stood there, holding one another for a few minutes before Cas finally broke the silence. “I trust you."
The universe had given him every reason to give up, yet he never had. He came close, that one day, but he still made it through. It was a small amount of time, only a few months, but humans felt like that every day of their lives.
Castiel had started to notice the sweet scent of honey wafting off the handsome omega not too long before the sun began to rise and wondered if Dean would require a third round. He wouldn't be opposed as his own rut had been growing at around the same time Dean's scent had intensified. Though, he was beginning to think his rut was only part of his reasons for concern. Rut or not, he knew he’d be more than happy with another round with the whirlwind omega.
Castiel made his way to Lailah, eyeing Jack as he went. She pulled back her burned jacket sleeve to reveal burn marks on her skin in the shape of a hand.
Castiel couldn't help but freeze at the sound of Dean's voice. The sound of Dean's moans echoing in his head as he awkwardly looked away and at Dean's feet. Remembering watching Dean get ready for work just before he had his panic attack. The feel of Dean's hands on his face, arms, back. He hoped no one noticed as he swallowed in discomfort. It was just a dream, nothing more.
Lailah was almost at his side when the other demons started to make their way closer to them.
Lailah continued to stare at him for a few more seconds before nodding and turning away from the door walking away. “The location is only a mile from here. Lets go.”
Sensing his discomfort, Castiel didn't pry.
Inias reached him and held out the bowl Castiel had discarded back at the rock. "Your breakfast."
When nothing happened, Castiel opened his eyes to see Michael looking down and leaning away. "Oh."
Tanya stepped up to them, eyes on Castiel. “May I speak with your son?”
The ramps lowered once again, allowing everyone off on the other side. A few humans darted across the street towards their parked cars to drive onto the once again boarding ferry, one man nearly tripping as he attempted to jump over the barrier, scrambling for his car.
“Do you not miss home?”
"Yes!" Michael proudly exclaimed before chuckling in Castiel's ear. "How'd that feel?"
Dean moaned into the kiss. Castiel mentally shook his head as he tried to focus on the now; the feel of Dean underneath him, his cock sliding in and out of his lover as they tried to reach that euphoria; Dean's stomach sliding against his as he arched off the bed. He shivered, heat pooling down in his groin as he allowed his body to take in the sensations. Sliding a hand behind one of Dean's knees, he pushed it forward, dropping his head onto his shoulder as he sped up his thrusts. The sound of their bodies moving together grew louder in the large room as the sound of Dean's moans filled his ear, a new wave of energy taking over him. He could feel Dean reach between them and grab his cock, stroking furiously as he tried to match Castiel's new found tempo.
