Mycroft to tell him where John lived, and his brother told him as he sported a smirk and a knowing look which Sherlock ignored. He had no time for that, he had to talk to John.
you with their mere existence. And John couldn’t refuse, from the very first moment he
Sherlock blinked back to reality. John was staring at him with something like wariness.
“Shit. I’m so sorry. I’m going to- yeah. I’ll go. Fuck. I’m sorry.”
"Dr. Watson? Why don't we start from the end, so we can identify the root of the problem in your brain?"
But the first thing he stored on his mind palace was John's absolute unawareness of the situation, for further study. The way his eyes remained cold, the way his face remained expressionless, the way he turned to look at Sherlock cautiously, looking insecure, the way his hand started trembling harder. But most of all, the way John Watson didn't recognise Sherlock Holmes. The way John Watson turned back to the counter to flirt with a woman without even caring.
by Lestrade's words, damn it moved? and nodded, expecting to tell him with his gestures he was glad to be back as well. "Alright, Jeff, back to work. Give me cases."
"Se...seven?!"
"Do you think that just because you are no longer 'John and Sherlock', he is going to fall into depression and feel miserable for the rest of his life? You didn't mean
Sherlock fell on his bed, feeling completely exhausted, bombarded by memories and constant questions about the nature of their relationship back then. He shut his eyes closed, wanting to make his brain go still.
----------------
John didn’t say. Instead all he said was “goodbye” and he closed the door behind him before hearing Sherlock’s reply.
John looked down.
Sherlock’s face brightened somehow. “I like Jacques Louis David.”
"Lucky for me?"
“It’s not a dream. It’s a memory.”
“Okay stop”, he said taking the pad off Sherlock’s hands.
"Here it says. He's messenger at Lacuna. The one in charge of sending the cards and the records. Started working there a month before Alice's death."
So no. It wasn’t a friendship. But they weren’t a couple either.
"So he matters." Mycroft said with a small smile drawing in his face. "What a shame he believes he is nobody, because clearly he
“Except, he didn't. He didn't introduce us. The man knew who I was. Somehow he knew everything about me.”
Sherlock sighed again. "Do you remember when we first met and you told me to choose a topic for the history project and I chose Chemistry even though it would be a topic that would affect both of us? Well, this time is your choice, John. It's up to you now. I certainly won't save us. You decide if you will or not. You choose what you want." Sherlock turned again.
Right, the eye.
"Look, I'd love to let you stay in here but my parents wouldn't be so thrilled about a guy of their daughter's age staying overnight, people might talk."
"Well, apparently she is back."
John kissed him again. "It's okay. It will hurt just a bit, if you want me to stop tell me and I will", he said as he poured some lube in his hand. His voice was gentle and he sounded completely in control, and Sherlock wondered how he managed to sound so calm, when Sherlock felt like his whole brain was about to explode into a zillion supernovas.
“I”, he cleared his throat loudly. “I think I’ve finished”, he said, feeling anxious and nervous all of the sudden.
“I know”, Sherlock interrupted him.
John looked down at their hands and closed his eyes. “Sherlock.”
"Deduce them. You are the famous Mr. Holmes, the cute detective with the silly hat. I hear you."
With an apologetic smile, Greg walked right behind Sherlock, leaving a baffled Sarah at the waiting room.
"I do hope you can get him back."
"I hear you"
John knew what he was sorry about, but he didn't want to push the matter more, he wanted to enjoy the here and now, even though everything seemed so messed up, at least there was something that felt right, temporarily right. Now it was John's turn to say "Shhhh... Please don't say it again."
John’s hair and John’s clothes were damp. Sherlock realized until then that it had been raining outside, not just a drizzle, but a heavy rainstorm. He frowned and looked at his phone, for how long had he been looking at the samples? It was 3 in the morning. He had been there for a long time, then.
John's eyes flickered to Sherlock and he fell silent. Sarah turned to look at Sherlock and let go of John's hand. "I think I should go."
"I just need to know you're here." Sherlock said fixing his eyes on the book once again.
“You want a challenge, then?”, Sherlock asked after a silent while, smirking.
"I just want to check if Sherlock is okay! She is dangerous!"
John exhaled. He reached out and took Sherlock’s trembling hand.
phase, that as soon as she had Clara she would change completely, but look at her... and my parents don't seem to care at all and I..."
He opened his eyes once again to look at John's back, at his even breathing, at his hair, looking slightly messy, clearly as an evidence of what had happened the night before, the memories rushed back to him, John moaning Sherlock's name as he came, then kissing him, sharing a bed, waking up next to him. He roamed his eyes through his perfect, perfectly kissable neck, his-
As soon as John fell asleep, Sherlock would finish the paperwork.
"I'm fine! I'm fine! I don't need your worry nor your pity!" John said in a tone that came almost like a shout without him wanting to.
"I've had enough of you saying it. Yes, I forgive you. You know that. I mean it. The problem is that your apologies won't bring me back the two years we had apart. All that could have been, Sherlock, all that could have been."
John remained silent.
"It's like one hundred degrees out there!" John said still shaking his head.
“I wanted to wake you with the scent of beans and toast, not with the clatter of china almost breaking”.
He felt the sweet touch of John’s fingertips over his cheeks. He realized a second later that John was wiping the tears away. His tears. His own tears. When had he cried? He had cried enough in front of John, he had to stop doing that.
The greaser leaned closer, dangerously closer, John thought, and looked straight into his eyes, not taking the gaze away from him.
He blinked and shook his head, shaking himself out of this stupid reverie. He could not, they could not. John wouldn’t want to, anyway. He had to get those silly ideas off his head or they’d end up ruining everything.
John looked down. “It means nothing to me, not anymore. I look at it and I see nothing, and I painted it. Now I look at it and I feel like it doesn’t deserve to be here, right next to all these wonderful paintings.”
*******
John smiled widely, “I honestly thought you wouldn’t agree to another.”
"I don't have you."
John tried to defend himself. "We live on the house next-"
His brain was decidedly too slow.
Was he expecting to get a redemption? after what he had said to John it seemed unlikely. Perhaps John would beat him again? Or he would simply sit and eat his dinner in silence? Or ask for more explanations?
"I don't like it down there", John said, not looking at Sherlock either. "Plus, the view is way better from up here."
I hope you liked this chapter! I certainly enjoyed writing it!
Sherlock stood silent.
John didn’t look up.
. It's a battle against yourself. A battle you'll lose one way or another. So don't think she just goes around looking for trouble. She
Sherlock stared at it, but didn't say anything else. John dragged a deep breath and closed his eyes, his mouth forming a grimace, indicating he was still in pain.
John pointed at the ‘painting’, “yes, you see, it’s there, and there and there”, he said pointing at different spots in the canvas. “It’s all over the place: destruction, loss, desolation, isolation, the sound of bombs and the bullets. It’s there. Pain is everywhere.”
She could definitely tell from John's expression in his face he was getting pissed off, very, very pissed off.
"You should know it."
John felt terrified at Hikes' tone. They sat down.
Sherlock stared at him with a quizzical expression. “Then who?”
John lifted his face from the paper and turned to look at the greaser, who looked so incredibly hot laying like that, John stood silent staring at him until he realized Sherlock had said something and he probably was expecting a reply but God it was so hard to think when Sherlock was like that.
Actually, upon closer inspection on John Watson's face, Sherlock saw a chiaroscuro in its own. He saw the conflicting emotions coming to life, a kind of relief, a kind of deep feeling drawn in his expression,
"Thank you. I think I might. Goodbye, Irene". She left. John looked at Sherlock. Still expressionless. Quiet. He wondered how was his pulse. He was dying to know. Probably elevated. God, he hated Irene. He hated her.
To say that he was anxious would be an understatement. He had spent the last couple of days regretting the fact he had asked Sherlock to teach him over and over. He knew he had acted on impulse, and he usually liked acting on impulse (wasn’t that what artists did sometimes? Acting on impulse often led to masterpieces…or to total failures), but after Sherlock had agreed and after the excitement had died out, John realized he had made one big mistake.
And John didn't really mind, because Sherlock was there and he was with him and it was incredible.
John had absolutely no idea where to start. How was he supposed to talk about Sherlock Holmes? It had been so long... "Um... I met Sherlock on January 27th, 2010. I had gotten back from Afghanistan and was looking for a flat and a friend of mine introduced us. It was a little crazy actually, the next day I was already moving in and he was a bit of a madman and that was what captivated me the most about him: that he was different from everybody else I've ever met..."
"Oh yes, I've been away for three."
"Two things: one, stop looking so freaking miserable. Two, I'll take you home." She said with a small smile.
John looked at him, wondering. Sherlock simply nodded. He opened his trousers with an urgency he hadn’t felt up until that point. Sherlock merely threw his head to lean on John’s shoulder.
"Sleep at my room."-John answered smiling back
"Then why did you save her life?"
Sherlock lost track of that conversation at some point because he
"You're lucky Hawthorne is not here."
John turned, further from Sherlock than he wished. "Please...just leave me alone.
It had been three years without hearing a single word from her. He never needed to wonder what had happened to her. He knew, he was certain she had died, that was what Mycroft had told him wasn't it? Of course she had died. He never dared to mention her to Sherlock ever again, he knew it was painful to him, he had seen his expression when he asked for her phone, he knew Sherlock wasn't okay with it, and it terrified him, it terrified him to think it was for someone who had played such a dirty game. But she was dead now, so much time without naming her, everything was as if nothing ever happened. Until that day.
"Yes." Sherlock said with a nod. "What if I don't want to have dinner?
John nodded. "Yes, yes, thank you!"
"This awkward silence, you staring at each other, shutting up when I arrived, for God's sake Harry, what did you do?"
greaser
"Right, yes.
Sherlock held him. What else was there for him to do? There were so many things he wanted to say, but it wasn't the right time. He wondered if he would ever get to say them at all. It seemed unlikely, and yet it seemed unlikely that John would ever kiss him again, and he just had.
He was already climbing up the stairs, he stopped in front of the door with excitement, as if he was a twelve-year-old boy doing something forbidden and opened it.
He dragged a deep breath.
“Erm…Hello”, he said as he approached Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded.
John gasped.
"Sherlock!", John said, annoyed. "I said no!"
"Of course I have!" Sherlock stiffed. "The question is
He had huge bags under his eyes and couldn't seem to focus at all in the classes, he couldn't stop thinking about the murder. Well, that and Sherlock. He was certainly worried about Sherlock. What the hell was he doing with the police? Was he working with them? Why? This didn't sound like something Sherlock would do, was it? John felt he didn't know him at all.
It was almost nine when John entered to the classroom. He took one of the first seats and looked at the people he was sharing the class with, they were all the same, and talked about things John didn't understand, apparently all of them were into that Rock n' roll and dear lord what was happening with society? Where was Bach? What about Mozart? Apparently Buddy Holly and Elvis were better. Sure.
Victor stared blankly ahead and Sherlock rolled his eyes. Finally he frowned. “No, not that I remember. I haven’t received anything, and I haven’t seen anything suspicious.”
"Christ, Sherlock! I don't want to have more problems with my father!"
*******
"Thinking?"
John looked at him, that same horrible look still in his face.
"Sherlock." Greg said, trying (and failing) to give Sherlock some kind of advice.
Sherlock replied immediately. “My place would be fine. 221B Baker Street.”
There were times when he licked his lips incessantly. They were dry and sore, the skin slowly peeling off it. Sherlock wanted to stitch it back because John had been there, John had whispered and smiled and moaned and stared at those lips and it felt as if the skin was still alive with John's memory, as if it was slowly falling apart, and taking all of John's traces from it.
Yet what had motivated him was not to go and see his own painting, it really wasn’t. When John thought about color, and the way those colors mixed together, he couldn’t help but think about one of his very favorite paintings,
Sherlock swallowed. It felt as if he was trying to eat a rock. His mouth was dry. "Why are you telling me all of that?", he asked quietly.
"Better.
His eyes widened. What the hell was John doing in Baker Street at 3 in the morning? Not that he was complaining, but something seemed odd.
Greg stared at him for a moment and nodded as he grabbed his communicator. John was dimly aware of a group of people coming and taking Melissa's unconscious body away. He couldn't really process it, for his brain was too busy thinking about how much pressure should be applied and how much blood had been lost, while assessing the possible damage made to internal organs and calculating the probabilities of Sherlock surviving.
"Mr. Sprud I need you to believe my words, and promise me you'll do as I say."
- chair, patting the Union Jack pillow. Sherlock could feel the corner of his lips twitching up a bit. There was still a glimpse of the old John Watson at least.
"I'm not sure yet."
"No." Sherlock said decidedly.
John blinked at him. “Sherlock?”, he asked.
John shook his head. "Jesus, Sherlock."
The ambulance kept sounding and the noise made him dizzy, it was too loud, it was far too loud.
"Great! I fucking gave myself a brain damage in order to forget ever meeting you but the bright side is that I still have 50% of my memory functioning!", John said sarcastically.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, got out of the car and walked towards the entrance without saying anything else. He turned to look at John and yelled from the window, "Don't follow me. Stay in the car."
Sherlock frowned, “why wouldn’t I?”
Molly was about to reply when Sarah took the empty seat right next to him. "Can I sit?" She asked with a smile.
"Can I ask you one last question?"
Sherlock turned to look down for a moment, and immediately started trembling. His mind deceived him, he could have sworn he saw John standing right there, on the ground, looking up at him. His breathing was uneven, and rushed, and he closed his eyes because suddenly all of this was too much and he needed the reassurance that John was next to him, that John was alright, that John wouldn't scream "Sherlock!" From the top of his lungs.
So... truth is out. What do you think will come later for John and Sherlock? ;)
The greaser opened his mouth in disbelief and then closed it, trying to wrap his mind around the voice produced behind him. He didn’t dare to turn, he couldn’t turn, he wouldn’t turn, he wouldn’t look, he would just close his eyes and stay there, waiting. He thought he had seen the last of him.
He rolled his eyes.
Sherlock left without throwing one last look at John. As soon as he closed the door, he leaned his back against the door and sighed, rubbing his eyes. He did feel exhausted, but as usual, he tended to ignore it. His whole body seemed to be screaming now to get some rest.
"I'll take you home."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed loudly. John tried to compose himself and started talking again, lifting his chin up, so he wouldn't look so small, so weak, so vulnerable in front of the greaser. He took a deep breath. "...so what I was saying is that we should better start thinking about the project."
Almost as soon as they stood up, a voice behind them took them by surprise. "My, oh my-" The playful voice behind them said.
John sighed. “I can’t, Mike”, he replied before leaving the restaurant.
He gasped as John's lips closed around his index finger once again, but he opened his eyes because he had to look at this, he had too take into the curves, the shapes, the shadows.
"Nope. Not useful nor important. Must have erased it from my mind palace."
“What?”
Sherlock's face lit up and he stared at John, trying to process what was going through his mind. Was it real? Did somebody actually believe in him? How was that even possible? But John had said exactly what Sherlock needed to hear. He suddenly felt strong, unbeatable, invincible. He smiled at John. "If he's alive, he is going to regret it."
It was cold around him. Suddenly, his brain caught up with what had happened the night before and he sat up in a rush, looking around.
John smiled as he stared into Sherlock's face. "Alright?", he asked.
Sherlock kept looking down.
"Maybe someone who lost their money because of him?"
Sherlock closed his eyes. He stood still, not daring to say a word. He simply moved forward and kissed John’s neck. He grabbed John’s hand and guided it towards his cock.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Oh come on John! Help me out here! I'm still trying to apologize about what happened today!"
"Say it again", Sherlock said mockingly.
hmmed
After a moment of silence, the greaser turned to look at the hand, still holding the elbow, and moved violently his arm, to release from the hold. He then looked at John with a weird expression, as of fake repulsion. "Please, give me a minute."
It would never end well, anyway.
corner and gathered all the courage he could to look at Sherlock. He was sitting in the chair, but his book was closed, he wasn't reading, he looked like he was waiting. John then turned to look at somewhere else, while all he thought was
Sherlock sat in front of him. He wasn’t looking at him, he simply stared at the tea. He didn’t ask any questions, he didn’t pry for any kind of information. It was as if he knew exactly how to deal with those situations, as if he’d lived them himself. John wanted to ask him, but he knew it wasn’t the place nor the moment.
Sherlock frowned, "Boys?"
"Seriously?"
Since Sherlock saw John walking in, he forgot about the pain and focused on analysing him, on thinking about what he could tell him, of how to reassure him, of how to make things better. But now that there was no chance to see him again, to talk to him and to explain, Sherlock's determination was replaced by a pointing, stabbing pain taking control all over his body.
He fell asleep at some point during the night.
he didn’t say.
"Your father thinks I fancy your sister." Sherlock said directly and seriously.
"Mycroft!"
On the cab there was some awkward silence, Sherlock was thinking and John was still too angry to say anything.
Mycroft stood silent for another moment before replying, "Scotland Yard."
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes, wishing he could have known how many days hours minutes and seconds had passed until he saw John again.
"Damn it! He always wins!"- John stood up and left.
Or maybe not. John made it less scary.
As John talked, a thought occurred to Sherlock. An impossible thought that still made doubt creep into his mind. No matter how he tried he couldn’t get rid of it and he didn’t want to check it for himself but he had to.
When John replied, he was slightly out of breath, “I’ve seen them, what now?”, he didn’t pull away, Sherlock’s lips still on his earlobe.
"Today-" Mr Hikes started the class without saluting and proceeded to explain the activity of the day. "-We'll be discussing the Second World War. And since it's a very recent event and many of you were too young to remember anything, I decided to make it more interesting and do a work in couples. Open your textbooks and develop all the questions on page 148. We'll discuss them at the end of the class. Oh! And you can pair up with whoever you want, as long as you work."
"I won't, but start getting ready now!"
"Next time cast an eyeball, nerd, or you'll get a punch in the face. Understood?"
He sighed, starting to feel desperate. He had thought that catching the killed would bring him some kind of relief, but there was no such thing, only despair and a nagging, obnoxious voice in his head that sounded much like John that kept telling him over and over that he was
"He was...not!"
He felt Sherlock's hand on his cheek, a light touch, but enough to rise the temperature in the car. Then the greaser leaned in and gave John a quick kiss on the cheek. Then he murmured into his ear. "I
And as soon as Sherlock had finished he did, and Sherlock gasped in surprise before relaxing comfortably into John’s arms. John breathed happily against Sherlock’s neck. “Thank you”, he whispered.
greaser
John had enjoyed of a relative success when his career was just starting. He was one of his Academy's finest, managed to sell five of his artworks and even managed to sneak his favorite piece into the collection of the Tate Modern Gallery. He was introduced to the most selective circle of London's elite, became friends with some of those young self-called postmodern iconoclasts that were neither of those, just spoiled teenagers with money, and even took them to bed. It was everything he aspired to be and never thought he would get.
He looked at John with a frown. "Are you writing a book?" He said with that ugly look he was so good at giving. And suddenly John felt like the biggest idiot in the world for calling Sherlock Holmes his friend.
"Is he that bad?"
The liquid slowly fell onto his vein, it was a pleasure seeing it descending descendo descending and reaching his skin, penetrating the deepest labyrinths of his body.
"Yet you win." John said, folding his arms.
John leaned his head against the door and simply breathed, trying to calm down his rushing heart. Sherlock sat next to him, still holding his hand.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Can I turn the radio on?"
Sherlock shrugged. "I had a crime to solve. I had my priorities."
"I want to walk with you. Is it really that unusual?"
He begged all the deities ordinary people prayed to that he wasn’t wrong.
"I have to keep working on the current case, so..." He made up an excuse to leave.
"What time?"
Sherlock snuggled in and tucked himself under the covers, going through a thousand thoughts in his mind, that were hauling him over and over and over. That until John shifted and placed a hand over Sherlock's stomach, holding him, almost
"Yes" John nodded, trying to find his glasses and avoiding the eye contact with the greaser.
"Of course I remember her. But didn't she die,
Sherlock bit his lip and considered his answer before replying. "Cocaine."
"And I
John looked at him again and raised his eyebrow. "...Alright." He said after a moment. Then he frowned. "Are you okay? You seem a bit... uncomfortable."
They were quite particular. On plain sight, they looked dark. They looked dark the first time their eyes met, that night on Mike’s gallery. Then they looked blue, a strange shade of blue, a kind of blue Sherlock had never seen before, anywhere.
And Sherlock couldn’t be less bothered about it.
He was tired of looking at the same four walls, he felt sick of looking at them. He needed to get out, even though he hated the London weather right now, he had to do something before he died of boredom in his house.
"I knew this message was for you Sherlock! I remembered it the moment I saw it, remember? Two years ago, you were saying this over and over!".
He was about to fall asleep when Sherlock turned and faced him. John opened his eyes and looked at him. Sleeping deeply, looking so relaxed and calmed, this was a view he could get used to. He looked perfect. His face was lit by the tiny glimpses of the street lights entering through the window. John took a moment to appreciate Sherlock's face. He caught everything he could with his eyes. And there was so much silence, all he could hear was the sound of Sherlock's breath.
John looked away but Sherlock had seen, he had seen all the thoughts going through John’s mind, John could tell. Sherlock put the charcoal over the desk and stood up, looking around and tugging at his sleeve slightly, as if he was covering himself up with a little touch of perfection, hiding his damage from plain sight.
"The king?"
"That you would annoy me and put pressure on me and be behind my back forcing me to do the damn work for these two weeks which will end up being hell!" John felt anger rising. That kind of anger he only had when Sherlock opened his mouth.
It was…
After a long while in which John buried his face in his hands and Sherlock looked at him, he finally looked up.
It was good, the feeling of not worrying about anyone, caring about nothing but the work.
Sherlock remained silent for a moment. “Oh”, he said.
"Stop lying to yourself, John!" Sherlock said shaking his head.
Sherlock shrugged. "It would be mine."
"Congratulations, you’re free."
"Sure, John. At least now I can look at you without wanting to kick your nuts off, so that's a good sign."
"Jim." She said with a silly smile.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
“Yes,
are the only person who knows me as I am. Whatever else there is, with whoever else, it's just a façade. But with you, I don't need to pretend, I can just be myself." He said proudly.
As soon as Greg left, Sherlock came back to John's room. John looked at him. "I have to go." Sherlock said.
John sighed, “I know you know I saw them.”
Mike frowned, "then what?"
He couldn’t understand, he needed answers and he needed John to give them to him.
John blinked, dragged a deep breath and picked Sherlock’s shirt, which had been lying on the ground ever since John saw the scars.
Jim certainly couldn't hide his curiosity. "I said that what did the nerd say?"
"No. I'm clean."
The bell rang. Fucking history. Fucking bloody history.
"I won't give them to you, Sherlock! Cool it and start cleaning and we will leave as soon as possible!" Greg said, entering back to the house.
The only truth was masked behind the hundreds of lies that tore them apart: they were both broken.
About ten minutes later, he received a text:
But in this case it was Sherlock. Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled slightly.
John touched his forearm, just the softest of touches, to bring a bit of comfort through the misty cloud of pain and sedatives, before saying, "I have got to go."
"Don't lay a finger in her, Irene. She has a girlfriend. You'll hurt her."
. But he is Sherlock Holmes. He fears nothing. What could be so terrible? He stopped a cab and returned to 221B Baker Street.
he thought as he stared at him and looked at the little creases at the sides of his eyes.
And the first thing Sherlock did after reading it was leaving on his own and working on the case by himself. John would get angry. Really, really angry.
"So?", Sherlock shrugged.
bodies”, Sherlock replied, looking more at ease.
house and to
He couldn't remember when had been the last time he had slept that peacefully.
John bit his lips. He looked down to see Sherlock’s fingers as they hovered in the air, uncertain what to do. His long, thin fingers. God, those fingers.
"Anything else?" Sherlock said sighing and rolling his eyes.
"Sarcasm?"
John moved his hands in the air and he couldn't stop asking himself why, why did he keep talking? Why don't just shut up and let go? He couldn't. "You and me. It can't. It won't. It never will."
PLEASE read the notes at the end of the chapter once you've finished it! x
. Let me talk to him and make him see some reason."
John was afraid this might be the end of whatever this was. Sherlock still was silent. The longest he'd been with John without actually talking.
John squeezed his eyes shut. “I can’t”, he replied.
Sherlock frowned, confused. "Why What?"
Greg shrugged, feeling embarrassed.
“So, it was nice meeting you, Mr. Holmes. Great portrait Mike did of you back there”, he said nonchalantly, offering his hand for Sherlock to shake it.
“I can’t keep drawing legs and arms for the rest of my life. Can you imagine them in my paintings? Just floating around amidst the colors? That would be too surrealistic, even for me”, he said with a small smile.
Sherlock nodded and John immediately asked, "is dad at home?"
Greg still eyed him curiously. "Nothing extraordinary happened?"
"Wow, I thought things had changed a little with all this time being away, but I see they haven't. I don't know yet if you know where to look at. I still don't quite understand you."
want me back."
Sherlock didn't, and few minutes later, they were in front of a house.
“You’re angry.”
"Messing up again and finding another excuse for you to laugh of me for the rest of your life..."
"What's going on between you and Sherlock?" Greg said seriously.
need to get some friends."
His eyes closed themselves without wanting it. The last thing his brain whispered to him:
"I disagree."
“That’s a very illogical and inconsequential statement.”
"Just waking up by his side, hearing his breathing, looking at him while he was sleeping deeply, it was beautiful to see him so...relaxed, so calmed, so human. I've never felt more at home in my life."
Sherlock sighed. This little game was getting annoying. “It’s fine. You can go, Melissa.”
"You can do all the corrections you want."
It all will be explained in more depth in the next chapter, lots of love to you all! x
"What are you playing with me, Mr. Holmes?"
Thank you for your incredible support and for your patience, and for your wonderful comments, and for leaving kudos. It means the world for me! :D
He didn't want to reply. John's eyes said it all, John wanted to believe, but he couldn't bring himself to, and could Sherlock blame him for that? "A year and a half."
Fucking fantastic.
But he
"Yes?"
John's eyes widened at the sight of his sister. He was about to get out of the car when Sherlock's eyes met his and warned him silently not to.
is your name? And don't make me ask it again."
Sherlock frowned, "why?"
But that didn’t mean that he didn’t
"There's a first time for everything, Johnny boy."
"Yes, yes that one!" She said opening the door of the car and getting in. John let out a sigh. "Now tell me, where were you?"
in this school."
John wasn't ready to face Sherlock the next day because he didn't know what to think. It was as if, with finding the letter, John had found the last piece to the puzzle. Well, not really the last piece, there were still so many things he didn't know about Sherlock, but a central piece.
It's been only six months since he came back and he's done so many things for me that a book would never be enough to cover it, and I owe him what I am now, who I am now, because he's saved me. And so, if I believe all the wondrous, crazy, hilarious stories I've been told, I know for sure that Sherlock Holmes has saved my life too many times.
The quote of "The curves of your lips rewrite history" is taken from The Picture of Dorian Gray (my god I keep referencing that novel all the time! Damn you and your precious writing, Oscar Wilde!)
me darling!. It's the first day of your last year! You can't be late!"
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes as soon as he exited the classroom. He leaned his forehead against the lockers and stood there for a while. He didn't feel strong enough to do anything. He hated himself for feeling so weak, for allowing so much space of his brain to be taken by John Watson.
"You know? I found out something about you." John said with a sarcastic laugh that sounded more hurt than funny.
Lestrade rubbed his eyes tiredly.
And the image of John greeted him. John with a tiny yet confused smile, John, whose eyes shined bright and who apparently couldn't stop himself from looking at Sherlock like that. He smiled back and his heart stopped rushing.
Sherlock didn’t reply.
"Righto." John said and Harry's face turned into an incredibly surprised gaze.
He read it.
"Cut it, Harry." -John said, taking the wine glass away from her.
"I used to think that alone was what I had. That's what I always told myself."
"Hello, bird!" Jim said with that mocking tone he always had.
"Hmm?" Sherlock said sucking on his cigarette.
“How are you feeling? We can go, if you want.”
But he'd hurt him and put him in danger and caused only pain and heartbreak.
Moriarty's gaze flickered between the car pulling away by the road and Moran's broken nose. He smirked, raising his eyebrow and keeping his posture perfectly still and cool, as if he wasn't surprised at all. "Don't worry Seb, I know exactly whose car is that." His smile widened. "Time to start the game, don't you think?"
Hawthorne nodded while checking the lines on the screen. “Good. We’re getting some activity on your brain. Did you bring any mementos?”
"May I say I'm a little terrified?"
"But I did get a detention Harry." John said, worried.
Sherlock rolled his eyes,
"Office 512", Lestrade said while Melissa nodded.
Sherlock released John’s hand immediately and walked towards the window.
"You saved her? Sherlock, she almost ruined the British government! She worked with Moriarty, do you remember that?"
"It was- perfect. Well, not perfect per se, with those grammatical mistakes and-"
to make things right, John could see that, the way he smiled shyly at him, as if afraid he might just storm off and leave everything just like that, the way he talked to him, apologetically, the way he looked at him...
John’s eyebrows rose. “Really?”
"...so much better than any other boy I've seen you with before."
It was inacceptable.
six-year old
“What’s the function of charcoal?”
“Ella thought keeping a blog would help but it hasn't because nothing ever happens to me. But today, something did. Something happened.”
"Oh, I don't believe you." She said smiling compliantly.
"Last time we talked was a week after your funeral. I arrived to the flat and saw he was packing stuff and I frowned, but he said he just couldn't..." Greg hesitated for a moment, as if unsure he should be telling Sherlock any of these things. "bear it anymore, staying in there. 'Too many memories' was what he said, and I understood it back then, he seriously didn't want anything else to do with that life anymore. So I wished him well and I left, knowing it would be the last I'd see of him. Haven't seen him once ever since."
John looked at him very seriously. "Fine, then leave! But you will never find out who the murderer is or what he wants from you, and the next thing you know from him there will be a gun pointing at your brain and you know it Sherlock! You know the criminal we're dealing with!"
No. Of course not. "Yes. Pretty much." He said with a shrug.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he froze, unable to say anything. It was obvious Harry was unaware of what she was saying, clearly too drunk to think properly but was she being honest? Was she implying what she was implying?
He sighed and kept walking down the hall, he would not turn this time. That had been a huge mistake.
He heard the rustle of things being moved in the bathroom and sighed in relief. He hadn’t. He hadn’t.
John pulled apart and time moved again. Sherlock had only felt that sensation once. Once before.
"If you need anything, just give me a call."
It was hard just picking one, they all looked so good.
John had never felt in such a way. Never even imagined it could be possible.
He looked down, and read the full article:
She smiled softly and walked out. Meanwhile, Sherlock stayed at Lestrade’s office, looking for a particular folder he’d rather keep hidden.
"Because SHERLOCK HOLMES WAS DEAD!", he yelled.
"John, look at me."
He stood silent. He knew himself and he knew perfectly well that if he didn’t ignore her he would probably end up killing her for what she was saying about John.
Sherlock couldn't come up with an excuse. He was a good liar, but he didn't know what to say, he couldn't say the truth, that he had been trying to break down Moriarty's net, he didn't trust her enough to tell her, and he knew if he opened his mouth he would end up revealing everything,
"What are you talking about?"
Mycroft pointed the page to Sherlock. "About two weeks ago-" He looked up to meet his brother's eyes. "He visited a clinic."
"I just, I need you to know that- that I'm sorry and that I meant it, every single thing that happened between us. I meant it."
“That’s the first thing you’ve got to picture once you start drawing your eye”, he said, his lips skimming John’s skin. He wasn’t even trying to break apart, not anymore. He was enjoying it far too much to break away.
Nothing.
important? How can you say that Sherlock! This man forced you to kill yourself, worse, he forced you to do it in front of me!. You could had, at least, told me what this man wanted!". John felt so angry, he didn't know why, he just wanted to shout at Sherlock for putting himself into so many risks, for acting so lonely, for not telling him anything.
"What about your friend?" She asked pointing with her finger at Jim, who was in the backyard sucking hard on his cigarette.
He had completely forgotten about the case!
"Who? The new one? Do you know him?"
"My pleasure, Sherlock."
Sherlock cleared his throat.
He did hear someone approaching. And John could tell just by the way he walked it definitely was Sherlock. And he felt a pinch of relief. Sherlock walked slowly towards Jim, looking at John.
He couldn’t help looking at John’s lips. Soft pink. “Because”, John whispered again.
p.s. A little warning: mentions of past drug abuse and sexual content (kind of)
He had nothing in common with John Watson, nothing to link them back together, no trace.
“This is the worst thing I’ve ever seen, you should feel offended with yourself.”
Or his brain couldn't find it.
Just as John thought that, Sherlock turned and walked off. "No- no wait! Where are you going?" John had to run a little to catch the boy, he took him by the arm and forced him to stop. So Sherlock did and turned to face John with an annoyed expression.
That was why Sherlock had agreed to teach John. One of Sherlock’s biggest flaws was his endless need for a
"Then what do you want from me?" John said looking directly into Sherlock's eyes, moving his hands through the air.
greaser
Sherlock widened his eyes as soon as he heard the last word and turned to look at John,
"John, let me explain." He heard himself saying. He turned and John was looking at him seriously, but differently. His gaze was ice cold, he was expressionless. He gave nothing away. The only thing his face showed was... hate. A deep and profound hate.
you that easily?"
Really, nothing happened."
His first class of the day was World History. He entered to the building and left out a deep breath. "First day in prison."
"Good morning Mr. Holmes."
Greg could at least imply it a bit, see if John remembered something about Sherlock, a bit at least would do. "Do you remember the last case in which you helped us? I forgot..." He lied.
John turned again. He opened his mouth, and Sherlock heard his voice after what seemed like a lifetime. Mind Palace John had a slightly different voice from real life John. "Excuse me?" John said, his face turning into a tiny frown.
But in a completely different way. It felt as if- as if John was saying goodbye.
And that thought terrified him.
She looked down. "Don't worry, I didn't expect you to accept. I know exactly what you are."
"Oh..." Harry said making a huge 'O' with her mouth.
Sherlock forced himself out of his stupor and blinked. “Yes?”
“John? What’s wrong?”
Surprisingly enough, he couldn’t help but compare Moran and Moriarty to him and John, but shook the thought away. Because they were not the same. No.
The next morning John woke up tired and uncomfortable. Every inch of his body hurt so much and he was lonely and it was cold, and in London's winter everything looked dark and it was 6 a.m and he wanted to keep sleeping but he simply couldn't. He was going on a date with her, a
"But you're okay now, right? Does it hurt?"
"I don't read crap." Sherlock said defensively.
"Was he looking for revenge?", it was possible, lots of murders were motivated by sentiment. Love was a vicious motivator indeed.
He barely made it to the door before he collapsed.
*******
"Right.
John blinked, not expecting that from his sister. "It's fine. I mean, I'm just... I'm worried about you Harry."
to take him towards the ‘painting seat’ as he’d used to call it. In front of him stood the eye from the night before. Sherlock let go of John’s hand, took the painting off and grabbed another white canvas. John stared at him silently. Then he grabbed a brush and showed it to John, as if he was a four-year-old and was painting for the first time in his life.
"Sorry." -Harry said, Sherlock ignored her, and started eating. John sat on the table too.
Sherlock pressed his lips against John’s. He broke a second later. “Now, tell me about your idea.”
“Are you sure?”
John wanted to lean closer, to hold Sherlock's hair, he wanted to kiss him so badly. But he couldn't. He didn't know if that was what he was feeling, he couldn't be sure, he never felt it before, but somehow he
He wondered briefly which pain had been worse. The pain of the whip ripping his own skin apart or the pain of John’s unknowing eyes.
It was John.
Sebastian answered, still laughing. "No, no, not for you, for
John stood up really angry (and he still didn't know what about) looked at Mike and said forcefully "I just need to get some air."
He felt dizzy and weak but his eyes were starting to gain focus and he could take in John’s worried expression and the way his hand trembled. He was on the phone.
He turned on the shower and closed his eyes, he felt... Weird. He didn't usually drink enough to not remember what he had done, what had happened.
"Great." John nodded and walked towards the door again. "Can we leave now?"
"Sherlock, dear, your brother is here! I made you breakfast!" He heard Mrs. Hudson's voice, followed by a knock on the door.
"Then yes, I'm sure. Now get in there fast before I change my mind!"
Finally Sherlock stopped and looked at him. "Let's go", he said, turning and leaving the office.
Sherlock reminded himself. He sighed.
He walked towards the door and, before opening it, he looked back and stared at Sherlock. They looked at each other for a while, silently.
"What of?"
He blinked.
sedative
“Good”, John replied, licking his bottom lip.
John thought.
Sherlock went to the living room and looked at John with surprise, he had his eyes closed, but didn't seem to be sleeping, so he came closer, bent and whispered: "John?"
He simply walked away and realized that Sherlock had already set up a paper and a tripod so John could start drawing.
John rang the bell of 221B exactly at 7 p.m. on that Thursday night. It took Sherlock less than three seconds to open it. He had been waiting for him. Good. They could keep doing this for a long time. It felt good. It was nice finding someone that shared the same passion but focusing it on a different angle, it was nice having someone to talk to, someone to laugh with, to learn from, to-
John sighed. “Fine,
No. Not again.
"You must spend a
Sherlock frowned and John asked himself
(See the end of the chapter for
He stood up immediately and considered whether to open the door or not, but whatever it was, it meant that there was something that needed to be addressed urgently, and so he opened it to-
"Now go ahead, the tape is recording", he added, pressing the recording button.
Then the thought of what Sherlock had implied hit John. He was surprised. He had done it. He had save her life. "No..."
And the date of the post was today.
John gasped.
Sherlock closed his eyes and nodded. “I never, I hadn’t- I.”
Sherlock thought, because he recognized the symptoms. This man thought he'd never be discovered, he thought he would get away with it. And even after being caught, he thought he would still be free, after killing Alice. Absurd.
of things had happened, but probably for Sherlock, that was absolutely
John stopped laughing and covered his mouth. “Yes, of course you are. Sorry”, he said bending over and placing a chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips, a kiss which actually rendered him speechless.
Someone cleared his throat behind him. Sherlock turned immediately, hoping sincerely John would be the one behind him and hating himself for it.
He placed it back on the drawer and was sitting on the chair when John came back.
"What about Melissa?"
Their kiss deepened, John held onto any scrape of skin he could take, feeling the softness and the warmth of it. He was getting used to Sherlock’s vivacity too fast, and that could end up being counterproductive, terribly counterproductive.
"Shut up, I'm not some kind of psychopath" -Harry sighed noisily. "It wasn't like that Harry! I swear! And that's not the important part! He is going out with her! He is dating her! It was quite clear for me that I don't have a single chance."
him. Sometimes she managed it, sometimes she didn't and cracked up laughing. Mr Watson threw her a killing gaze every time and she looked away, cleared her throat and sat straight.
Melissa nodded, took out her set of keys and led them towards the archive room. As soon as she opened the door, Sherlock’s jaw dropped opened. Shelves covered the room from the floor to the top, and they were completely filled with patient’s folders, each marked by a big letter that indicated that the ‘A’s  from 1999 to 2000 were there and so were the ‘B’s from 2005 to 2006 and so.
John wasn’t there.
He sent a message, trying to sound as casual as he could. He didn’t manage to.
They stood silent, John kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s works in progress. He had two more paintings than two days ago, he had been inspired, and kept working hard on being better and better. He was a perfectionist, in every sense of the word.
“Extraordinary. Hard to believe this came from the same hand that did such a poor imitation of Picasso.”
John knew what that meant.
John tried to ignore the thoughts that were invading his head while he was holding the greaser's hand, who as soon as walked by some guys looking at the LPs let go of it. John missed the touch instantly and turned to look at Sherlock, who now seemed a little uncomfortable.
for John. He just had a slip. He messed up momentarily, he was crazy.
"He's not there. Let's go."
John stood by the door and looked at the detective, who kept his glare on him. "John Watson."
"You think too much of yourself, little brother." Mycroft replied.
Sherlock blinked and sat up straight.
"Sure." As he sat, he heard Sherlock giggling in his back, he resisted the temptation to kick him in the face. There was something John couldn't accept, and that was getting his reputation affected in front of the teachers, and Holmes had crossed the line this time. John thought he had never disliked someone the way he disliked Sherlock.
John didn’t reply.
When Sherlock was seven years old, he saw a rainbow in the sky. He looked at the colors that mixed each other and yet distinguished one another and merged themselves with the soft blue of the sky. He attempted to reproduce it over and over again, and never managed to. No matter how much he tried, the colors never reached that simple yet complex mix of that rainbow. He grew tired of colors eventually, for they would never be quite as real as reality itself, as nature itself.
? He certainly had never made this question, he usually trusted in his instincts and that was all, but this was different, this wasn't something he usually did. Why was he doing this? Nothing.
to. He cleared his throat again. "What does that make us, then? What are we?"
"You're drunk, Harry." Sherlock said shaking his head.
Her face expressions changed as son as Sherlock replied, she threw a smile at him and said "So, would you like a cup of coffee?"
Then the third.
"I told you that I was leaving at 4! It's 3:10! Can't you be a little patient? God you don't have to kick the door and make a scandal!" John tried to lower his voice once he found how embarrassing this situation was.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Watson, please."
"Yes... There's this boy I have to work with and he is
"Nope." John said, shaking his head.
"Sir if you would just calm down... Oi! you're not allowed to go in there unless you have an appointment!"
They entered to the car. Sherlock sat on the driver's seat. The driver's seat. Again. He touched the steering wheel carefully, and took a deep breath. John stared at him and smiled, wondering how could he be so lucky of having Sherlock Holmes in his car?
"Oh, you have no idea, Mr. Holmes. Do you?"
"He was shot!", was all he could say. "He was shot."
Pain for himself.
greaser
"I shouldn't have pressured you into doing something you clearly weren't prepared to do. I shouldn't have pushed you to do it. It was your choice, it was your experience and it's your art, and you choose in which manner to express it and what to create it about. My apologies."
“Ah…that explains a lot.”
Only Sherlock’s scent filling his senses.
"Irene...Adler." She said smiling.
sorry. But what was he supposed to do about it?
They were so close that Sherlock only needed to raise his head an inch or two and their lips would meet.
John ignored him. "How is he?".
He tried to focus and to forget the events.
"Goodbye, Watson." Sherlock said walking towards the door.
Sherlock’s palm under John’s hand moved up slowly, so their touch was firmer. John’s hand had stopped trembling completely.
He put a fist on his mouth, closing his eyes and trying to gather some strength to carry on with the recording.
Sherlock didn't get to hear about that particular moment, about that single second in which a thousand universes collided and a bullet graced John's shoulder and he lost everything he thought he'd wanted.
"Good morning baby brother! Oh! A cup of tea! Trying to recover from last night's action?" She was having a huge smile on her face, he didn't even look up, he kept reading the newspaper and drinking his tea trying to hide his disappointment. "Come on,
When John was angry, John didn't look angry.
********
Sherlock leaned in and kissed him, John giggled into the kiss. It lacked the urgency of the night before, the hunger, the need, now it was just a kiss of reassurance, of greeting, of
She smiled, some confusion drawing in her face. She didn't know whether he was joking or not. Yet, she didn't give up. "I'm Molly, Molly Hooper."
Lestrade shrugged. "The killer?"
He took a deep breath and enjoyed his walk towards the building. He had missed London so much.
“Of course I do.”
“Have you ever seen the way Da Vinci painted hands?”, Sherlock asked.
"We need her. Any suspicions she might have, any threats she might have received because of having been a client in here. I think she asked for our assistance because the name sounds oddly familiar", Lestrade said, interrupting her.
. If you've enjoyed I Can't Help so far, check out Lacuna, I assure you, it's better! ;)
"How could I possibly have forgotten about all of that? It isn't possible, it is as if there was a huge whole inside my brain and..." He brought his hands to his head, grimacing and sitting on the couch.
“I understand.”
John smiled fondly. "I stand you."
Sherlock interrupted her, “it doesn’t matter. I need the information now, Melissa. Please.”
"You know exactly who, Sherlock! Now tell me where is Irene and I shall leave you in peace"
much to him, Sherlock. Stop believing so much of yourself."
He was going to miss morphine so much once he was forced away from it.
"Excellent! How was it? How long ago? Was it ever solved?"
"I-I'll be looking in the bedroom. Now you stay here and make sure he doesn't go anywhere!" He said pointing at John, feeling a bit awkward, as the two men stared at each other.
Sherlock could listen to John’s footsteps as they approached him.
"I'm afraid I didn't."
Hope to see you very, very soon! ;)
"Fine, I'll choose it too, but could you please hurry? I have to go to Chemistry Club!"
"Alright, we have lots of things to learn today." Sherlock said nonchalantly, as John sat right next to him. Mr Hikes was sitting on the desk and didn't seem to be bothered by the noise, which allowed John and Sherlock to talk as much as they wanted to, which was great.
that John Watson"
"So, track marks", John said glancing down at the arm that had rushed to touch him just a second ago, as if he could see through the shirt's fabric, and Sherlock felt very uncomfortable, he cleared his throat and looked away.
John couldn't help but think about the night he left Irene and Sherlock alone at the flat. Why did he do that?
They were meant to save each other.
Another day went by without him grabbing a pencil. Add it to the counter.
"Fine, then you would be perfectly fine if I took your phone." -John looked at him with a suspicious and challenging look.
"I've been told he's doing fine!"
"And I
And then, without saying another word, Sherlock turned, looked at his friends and said with a smile: "Let's go. I would kill for a cigarette. I don't care if I get expelled." They laughed and left along with him.
sorry. But I was protecting you, Sherlock."
John walked around the Tate Modern as if he owned it. For Sherlock it was nothing but a labyrinth of passages and grim lighting, but John knew exactly where he was going to, as if he had walked down the same path his whole life.
I can't imagine a life without action, murders, crime and mayhem, but most of all I simply
"Shut up, Holmes." He said, smiling shyly. His head was burning and, without a single doubt, he was blushing.
He looked at the title of the portrait.
"That wasn't what I was thinking, Harry, for God's sake!" John smiled.
John stood there, incapable of articulating a word. Sherlock looked at him impatiently, sighing and rolling his eyes. "What? What are you thinking about? Let's go! The sooner the better Watson!"
"Why do you always have to come and ruin it?"
*******
Sherlock woke up to find himself alone. He felt his right side strangely warm, and when the mist of that state between sleeping and awake faded away, he looked at the couch and saw the little dip of the leather fabric and remembered: John had slept there, next to him, nestled against him the whole night.
Lestrade snorted. "I won't even ask."
"I don't know!"
to and why the hell was he smiling? There was nothing to smile about! Sherlock was an idiot. A lovely idiot.
"Do you fancy her?"
I’ve had to deal with?”, he said with a confidence he wasn’t quite feeling at the moment.
John dragged a deep breath and closed his eyes before starting again, "there are lots of ways in which one might want a person. I want you in all of them. And I'll take whatever you're willing to give me. I can't ask all of it from you, Sherlock, but ever since I laid eyes on you that -apparent- first day, at the café, I just
"I had a flashback", John said very very low, making it almost impossible for Sherlock to follow.
She smiled and placed a napkin right next to the cup. "And... here's my number. Just call me, whenever you feel like talking."
And John saw entire songs drawing themselves around the shape of Sherlock’s fingers.
John was taken aback. "I- I... No."
They looked at each other without saying one more word. John looked angry, but Sherlock decided to ignore it. It was for the best. He promised Irene he wouldn't say a word. He was just keeping his promise. Sherlock sat on the chair again. John's eyes fixed on him. After a few minutes in silence, John decided to break the tension, sitting in his couch.
"Because of
are in charge of the work and that you are going to give ideas and work as a team but that you're
“He was lonely, had been lonely his whole life, except for his brother Theo. He knew he was doomed to failure -or so he thought- but he just…kept on painting. He loved it that much.”
The eyes smiled despite the frown of his eyebrows. “Good. Breathe with me. In and out. In and out.”
Sherlock sighed. "John, it's not-"
Sherlock frowned, looking even more confused.
He tossed another one into his mouth. Three, three was fine. Three is better than nine, which was his record. Temperature rising. He felt hot, he took off his jacket. It was a different kind of hot from the normal, the kind of hot the pills gave him was somehow...satisfying.
Sherlock nodded and leaned closer to place a chaste kiss on John. That until he heard a tap on the window.
"You tell me what happened!"
"Happy?"
John turned to look back at Sherlock and eyed him cautiously. "I'd look again if I were you."
John cleared his throat. "I mean that why of all people did you pick the less interesting and more squared guy? What is so appealing of me?"
It's annoying."
John was a bit too astounded by the warm hand on his arm and the playful smile on Sherlock's lips so he didn't protest, he just followed the greaser towards the seat. Finally when he wrapped his mind around all the things that had happened, he frowned. "What do you want?" He said, trying to keep his voice cold.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment and nodded. They fell silent.
What else possibly could?
So no, Sherlock had no friends, and he knew that even if he attempted to have one it would never work, caring for someone made one very sloppy and a lovesick and a fool. And he didn’t want that.
There was a lot of pressure applied on to the ring, a fast, sharp noise, which could only mean there was a client in desperate need for help. He jumped with excitement. It was a shame Mrs Hudson wasn't home to answer it, but he reached down the stairs happily. He needed a case, otherwise his brain was going to explode and it would give to another part of his body he didn't want to pay attention to right now, or never.
--------------------
She wasn't ordinary, no, she probably was exactly Sherlock's type. Did Sherlock even had a type? He never thought about it, probably he did, and probably she matched exactly all his criteria. He had saved her life after all. Bloody hell, he saved her life! After all she had done. He saved her. He loved her.
As they were on their way to the police station, John told Sherlock: "So, what are we going to gather there?"
It was as if time had never passed. Dust was everywhere, and the windows were closed which made the place look dismal and gray but it was his home and he wouldn't have it any other way. Their home, a voice in his mind said.
“You don’t have to do this, you know”, Sherlock whispered.
After staying silent for a moment, Sherlock turned to look at John and placed his hand on his cheek and suddenly John shuddered and forgot what he was angry about and never wanted to let go of that hand. "I am sorry, John."
Sherlock got tired of the real world quite fast and tried to escape from it as much as he could, hence the drugs. The drugs gave him a sensation of freedom that he enjoyed, but it passed too fast and left nothing but a feeling of loneliness and sadness that Sherlock didn’t know how to deal with, so he took more drugs to forget. It was a full circle, a circle he felt he could never leave. Until he was forced to rehab. For the third time.
Sherlock stared at him, surprised. “Sorry, what?”
“A clinic? Is he healthy?” God, if something happened to John Watson, his brother would just lose it. Mycroft would never hear the end of it.
John simply stared at him. "Was this your way to manipulate me into forgiving you?", he asked.
"Don't worry, we just came for the coffee. As soon as they give it to us, we'll leave." Sherlock told John as soon as he saw his face.
"I'm still wondering-", John said while he placed himself under the covers. "What are you doing here?"
yourself
"Where is dad?" John asked, casting an eye over the kitchen.
He thought about waking John and asking him to come with him, but he was sleeping so deeply, plus he would have a huge hangover so he wouldn't be helpful at all. An hour later, he was on his way to the hospital.
"...and so we started. And he was good. He was better than drugs. But just for a while. He got new friends and he changed, but he was still my Victor, or so I thought." Sherlock said with a shrug. "But then I got bored again and I needed something,
As if John would have anything bad to say about it.
"But it still doesn't make sense! How is it even possible I have forgotten all of that?" He said waving his hands through the air.
"What?"
“I might have forgotten to mention”, Melissa said as Sherlock turned his gaze to John, “anything that might trigger John’s memory will cause him pain”.
John stopped moving his hands and stood silent, looking at the greaser, and he looked so honest, so real. But no. He ignored what he just heard and told himself that
He didn’t want to go.
John felt
They fell silent once again. Sherlock looked down with a smile still drawing in his face (which he wished would remain hidden) and John looked around. Realization hit him and he smiled wider. “You say you’re better than all of these, huh?”
"Cheers." Greg said as he received it. He took a sip and placed it on the coffee table in front of him.
John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock talked with such passion, that he felt as if art was pouring out of every cell in his body and simply hung in the air, somewhere between them. He stared at Sherlock’s hands as they moved through the air, feeling propelled towards them, desperately wishing he could simply reach out and touch them, feel and check by himself if they truly were soft, rough, tender, or if they had callouses. He licked his lips.
Sherlock smiled and looked at Mrs Watson. "And the detention was an absolute misunderstanding!"
John smiled softly at him. "It's okay", he whispered as he moved his head forward, until his lips touched Sherlock's, just a touch. "'s okay."
And then John's lips were on his and he felt the little air he had left in him leaving his lungs.
“Homework?”, John said looking at Sherlock over tea.
"Duuuuuude!" Greg said as they walked towards the school door.
friends, because at least in his case, Sherlock passed from being nothing to being everything, just like that. "Sure."
Melissa's face brightened up but then her smile faded. "Please tell me you're not thinking about... Not again."
"Yes. We'll get in trouble if I don't."
“Sherlock.
John nodded politely and Melissa came closer. "Dr. Watson, I'm a huge admirer of your blog, the stories you wrote were fantastic!"
He approached the locker and opened it wider, so Harry's face was exposed. She smiled shyly. "Oh Sherlock, I didn't hear you!"
He opened his eyes. Mycroft was sitting in front of him, reading a book, an eyebrow raised. "You're awake", he stated without taking his eyes off the book.
"I don't know!" Mycroft exclaimed.
cheekbones
They remained silent for a while.
They stopped in front of a painting.
“Come on, seriously. I know you roll on for boys, and that’s fine.” Greg assured Sherlock.
Sherlock had seen all of that. John never knew that. John never will.
"It's okay. What's past is past." John said with a shrug.
Sherlock shook his head, "no, no no. No excuses, you're going to get some sleep."
He craved for them. The need was too big. He couldn't ignore it.
His sister visited him often, perhaps more than she should. They always ended up fighting. Harriet had a very impulsive personality, she said what she wanted whenever she wanted, without caring about people's feelings. Not that John minded that, but her imprudence had caused more than a quarrel between them.
*******
That seemed to calm John enough. He nodded.
"Well, you two are spending a lot of time together, I was just curious if..."
-----------------------
He sighed and leaned his forehead against the desk. He’d never come back. What he used to be, who he used to be, he would never get it back. And he wasn’t sure if he wanted it, but anything was better than this, than this constant feeling that it had all been a dream, an illusion.
"No, you don't."
John Watson. With him. After everything they'd been through,
They frowned. "Who's Sarah?" Clara asked.
Was it?
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I
"Says so the best student in the school..."
"Shut- up. It's been- too long and ah, I missed you- desperately", John panted between kisses.
"Why?"
product
"Yeah." Sebastian nodded looking around at the girls that were passing by. "Oh, now if you excuse me, I just found me a dolly." He said rising his cup and leaving.
Sherlock dragged a breath so deep that Lestrade could perfectly hear it through the phone. When his voice came back he sounded defeated, lost. "It's the- the clinic to erase the mind."
Not exactly the first, but what he felt for Victor was so different, and so...toxic.
The skin was sensitive and sore, and so he felt as that soft kiss penetrated into every pore of his body, as if that kiss had managed to merge itself with his skin and his body and his muscles and his blood.
pencil!”, John complained.
John smiled and followed Sherlock. "I won't even ask."
Sherlock gasped.
He finally came up with an idea. He typed his reply.
John. Light. Yellow. Spirals.
Sherlock didn’t speak, didn’t move, and John would say he didn’t even breathe, for there was far too much stillness in the room. After a while, he walked towards John. “No, it isn’t.”
Which meant… there was an
John nodded. "Sure, sure." He wrote it on a piece of paper and handed it to Greg.
"Well, and I believe you will do great in chemistry!" She said with a grin. "You are putting so much effort in the club!"
Sarah remained silent. He took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down a little. Then he looked down at her desk and took the newspaper once again, "Can I take it?" He asked trying not to freak out.
“Yes.”
John was shocked. He didn't expect to listen to that. He didn't expect Sherlock to be so unhappy about it. He didn't know what to say. The greaser kept looking down, silent, closing his eyes, haunted by memories. John knew that feeling, he felt it too, sometimes.
He took his phone and called Mike. "Hi Mike"
------------------
“The hands are incredibly delicate, but so perfectly placed that they represent the movement, as if she was caressing the ermine. The articulations are perfectly drawn, and the shadows, John, the shadows”, he said moving his hands in the air. “-They are outstanding. I started drawing hands after I saw hers.”
Without hesitation, she grabbed her phone and called Mike Stamford, hoping he would help her get an ambulance fast.
John turned to look at him. He cleared his throat. “Tell me about the first time we met.”
"Wait, Watson." The boy turned back at Greg's call.
"Yes. I am sorry, John",
He stood up to make himself tea. His seventh cup of the day. He couldn't remember when it had been the last time he had eaten. He wouldn't remember it anyway, his head was too busy creating a series of nonsense and seconds on a loop.
A light caress on his hair. A hand roaming through his curls. “It’s okay. Can you hear me?”
They stood in silence. Sherlock was still looking at the window. Was he thinking about him? The words were flying in the air. John was savoring them. Sherlock had definitely never told him that he missed him. He thought about it, at least he was certain his best friend had died, so he was resigned to it, but Sherlock, he had to leave for two years, risking his life, breaking Moriarty's network and doing God knows how many more things, knowing he might never see John again, his stomach twisted at the thought.
“-titanium white, which is a pretty neutral shade of white, see?”, he said as he walked towards the box and grabbed the paint labeled as Titanium White. “Pretty sure this is the romanticized name of it, but works for me”, he said, good-heartedly.
"But, as far as I remember, you haven't said that you
He had rehearsed it, over and over, what he would say, but he felt a sudden impulse to say so many things at the same time,
Sherlock leaned closer (
John felt tired.
His mother pulled him in a hug and he unconsciously shuddered and gasped at the pain he felt in his back, from the fight with Jim. Well, not really fight. Her mother loosened the hold rapidly and turned to look worried at her son, cupped his face with her hands, staring fixedly at it, checking if he had any bruise or anything. "What happened, John? Did somebody hurt you?"
"SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET IN THE CAR NOW!", John said, running towards the driver's seat. Sherlock stared at him, surprised by the boy's reply, but a second later, went into the car.
John looked up. "What?", he looked taken aback.
"Yes, yes sorry. Yes, okay. So when can you go?"
And John Watson came in, reading the medical archive he was holding.
John chuckled. "I won't say a word." He winked at Sherlock and went downstairs towards the phone.
"Because it's not true, John. Never." Sherlock said, turning towards the book again.
John was reminded that he actually had done it a lot of times. "Oh well, yes... But, you know, they weren't mean!"
*******
He decided the best thing for him to do was to pretend everything was normal and alright and smile while he felt bad inside. So he sat with Mike and his friends at the table. He couldn't help but glare quickly towards the popular table, a.k.a the
"No, you know this isn't right."
"Sherlock."
"Fuck you, Sebastian", was all Sherlock replied, but before he could finish the sentence, Moran was going to his house running and yelling "JIM! YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BELIEVE THIS!!!!"
"Did you go out to buy all the things for the meal?"
asked
smoking!"
“You hit the foot of the bed with your back and your head when you collapsed. I-”, John rubbed his eyes, clearly tired and preoccupied. “I’ll check it out as soon as we get home.”
John took a deep breath, trying to steady himself. "Sure." He whispered. "He... He's dead. He killed himself. Didn't say much. Just... We talked one last time and he said it had all been a lie. His last words were
He looked at himself in the mirror again and looked at his left eye. It was slightly, just slightly smaller than the right one, and it had the same shape, but no matter how much John tried he simply couldn’t achieve what he had done, what
"Jesus, Sherlock! Don't you start with it! I don't want you to deduce me!"
Neither of them did for a long while.
Of course, that made sense.
"Hello, Johnny boy. How was the ride back home?"
"I'm afraid that won't be possible."
“But is he okay?”
Sherlock simply shrugged, John giggled.
association with your brother, alright?"
It was Thursday and they had just finished their English class. Sherlock hadn't talked to John in two days because he knew the boy felt nothing but resentment towards him, and he couldn't blame him for that. He hated himself as well.
Sherlock closed his book and stood up. He was taller, so much taller than John, and he felt so small in front of the greaser who looked so confident and secure of himself. "Alright, good."
Melissa nodded. “I did not choose the Battersea Power Station deliberately, Sherlock. You should have seen the map of his brain, this was one of the places which lit up the most as soon as we triggered the memories”, she looked around, “I don’t know what happened here”, she feigned innocence, “but I assume it has something to do with
him, but this Sherlock didn’t look like that other Sherlock at all. This one looked broken, all of his defenses down, all the facades gone, and this was what was left.
"But rules exist for a reason!" John said moving his hand in the air.
Once again, thank you all, I love you and I hope to finish Chapter 36 as soon as I can! ;)
It had to be a mistake from the app, or the RSS feed, there was something wrong because the personal blog of John H. Watson no longer existed.
whether
“Oh”, he was certain he couldn’t hide his face of disappointment, no matter how hard he tried.
"...no." John still found it hard to believe.
Sherlock licked his lips instinctively.
John thought to himself.
. I needed you to think I was dead. But I came back, I always planned on coming back to you, John. This- ", he gestured towards the tape player, "this wasn't supposed to happen. You were supposed to wait for me, not
"Sherlock."
"Surgeon?"
"Well, there's something I want to tell you. I need your help."
John didn't hear another word. He kissed Sherlock desperately, it was raw and messy and god it was perfect and brilliant and fantastic and Sherlock felt like he was about to collapse, but John's lips were there, holding him and tearing him and pulling him together and it was perfect.
them. Do it carefully. Look at the shape. Eyes have different shapes, some are rounded, some look like almonds, others are in diagonal, angled towards the nose. Look at your own shape.”
"No way, Clara, we need to clean up this mess and Jim is not here and Sebastian is so wasted he can't even hold a broom!"
Sherlock shook his head. “I can’t see it.”
----------------------
"Dude, you can't drive."
John looked at her with a frown. He was used to that, to his sister being that way, so he didn't feel offended, he just knew that was how Harry was. "Oh come on Harry, don't get started with that. "
His back was killing him. Sherlock felt that with every step each and every single one of his muscles protested, and so walking upstairs was far too difficult. John helped him as much as he could, allowing Sherlock to fully lean against him. Sherlock grimaced and hissed without even intending to. It was difficult, controlling his brain at the moment, when it all seemed blurry and he was dizzy and it all hurt.
John nodded. At least he wouldn’t have more nightmares tonight.
"Sherlock, don't." John shook his head. "At least not in my car."
John." Sherlock said rolling his eyes.
He finally stood in front of the blue room. That same room. He was standing in the exact place he had been at while listening to their conversation.
"What- What happened, John?" She said sitting on the edge of the bed.
which probably defined the other extreme in which he spent half of the time: questioning about their new relationship (relationship?)
"Oh, no need to go into details right now, is there? That's so boring!" Sherlock said blowing a puff of air.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade scolded him, but Sarah remained silent.
He opened his eyes and stared at John fixedly. Finally, he came up with an idea and his eyebrows raised. "Have you had a surgery recently, Dr. Watson?"
"So please, John, listen to me, as a- as a parting gift. As a way to say goodbye."
"...I hadn't taken them in a long while. And I broke up with Victor. I wanted it to be definite. Because he kept using me and using me over and over and over. I had enough. I gathered enough strength and I rushed out of there because I knew I would fall again if I stayed in there for any longer. That's all I remember."
"Oh!, oh! OH! Sherlock didn't want to! Oh he is such a virgin! Awww! You'll have to be a little patient then, but it's okay, don't worry, let him take his time" -she winked at him, and the wink only made him angrier.
Sherlock dragged a deep breath and placed his hands over John’s shoulders. “I see a broad back, squared shoulders, a straight and rigid posture. I see a face that’s twitching, I see a hand that’s slowly clenching and unclenching itself. I see a fast intake of breath when I hold your shoulders. I see a short height but not as short as people think. I see a body in which all fits in.”
Sherlock interrupted him. "Now that we're done with the saluting, we have things to do, goodbye." He turned to go back to his room.
"We need to find her and make sure we kill her this time, Mycrot."
"Hi Sarah, I'm sorry I'm late." John said rushing to grab his robe. He arrived home late, hadn't slept pretty well last night and he had fallen asleep after the alarm rang. He had to dress in a rush and practically run towards the hospital.
John was still sleeping in his room, in his bed, hoping to wake up and find Sherlock smiling at him. Well he wouldn't get that, because Sherlock couldn't give him that, less in these circumstances.
"I want to be alone!" He said sighing exasperated.
As the cab started, John grabbed the newspaper and read the article once again.
Sherlock remembered in that moment that Greg didn't know the whole story, and he believed they were still... whatever they were. He didn't clarify it though, he just stopped for a second and considered it. It seemed like a tempting idea. John would be there anyway.
“Does it look as if I’d actually mind, John?”
They didn’t stop, they didn’t care. They didn’t see what all of this was doing to Sherlock. He felt his hands getting cold.
"I certainly don't."
John giggled. “Shut up.”
"Good, then we're settled."
Sherlock dragged a deep breath, as if he had just come out of drowning in the water. The air hurt his nostrils and his throat. He had thought about it a thousand times before, but it had never seemed so unavoidable, so irreversible. The truth hit him like a train on full speed, a deafening sound in his ears:
"You've made the consequences quite clear, brother dear", Sherlock said with a fake smile. He turned to look at the violin that was in his armchair. He would like to play but the inspiration wasn’t there anymore, the inspiration had been replaced by a shallow void that Sherlock didn’t know how to fill anymore. There was nothing left.
"What are we?" Sherlock said confused, clearly not expecting that question.
"No. Why are you mad at me? Why did you leave?"
Hope you enjoyed this chapter (it was about time, wasn't it?). See you around for the final chapter. Lots of love to you all :3
The detective looked at him, lifting his eyebrow. "Aren't you too young to be a doctor?"
Sherlock hesitated in front of the door of 221B longer than he thought. The rain was starting to fall and got him out of his stupor. So many thoughts were crossing down his mind, so many experiences and memories and he realised he was smiling like an idiot. The rain forced him to enter.
"Mycroft", Sherlock continued, his tone a bit harsh.
"Did anyone from Lacuna had to do with it?, did you interrogate your own- what did you just say?", Sherlock said, turning to look at Lestrade.
But if he chose to do it, then Sherlock couldn’t be his tutor.
"Don't you even dare, Sherlock!" John chuckled.
John smiled and raised his hand so it’d be at Sherlock’s eye level. It was completely steady.
Sherlock frowned. "Why?"
for this lovely
God, he needed a cigarette. He needed it so badly. He wished with all his heart Jim and the gang wouldn't be at the smoking corner, he didn't feel like talking at all.
"He... No! He can't erase him!" She threw her hands in the air.
before he reacted and returned the kiss with the same earnest, wrapping his arms around John’s waist. They kissed for a while until Sherlock broke apart and looked at John’s dark eyes.
He grabbed his keys and left.
Sherlock smiled and walked with John towards his room.
John bit his lip. Feelings, as if Victor Trevor was capable of having such things.
Suddenly Sherlock got up, took his coat, his blue scarf and was about to leave. John got up and rushed into the door too. He stopped Sherlock and so did Greg.
Sherlock frowned. “An itch?”
?" She asked a little surprised now.
greaser
He himself couldn't tell what it was. But there was something terrifyingly odd about him.
is driving me crazy."
John tore his gaze apart, wondering how it was possible that he was starting to get addicted to those
going to end up doing the whole project by yourself!"
And he wasn't scared anymore.
And just as he was going upstairs to his room, he heard the gunshots.
Sherlock shrugged. "Maybe it was another one of my lies. How did you call them? Right. Another one of my
"We've only talked like twice, Harry!"
"-Mcleish", Lestrade thought about how to bring up the subject without mentioning the serial murders, "...a few enquiries have been directed at Lacuna, not only this clinic is functioning under the law, but it seems like some of the client's privacy has been compromised."
John's expression changed and turned more serious than it was before. "Please don't tell me this is a drug bust."
Comments and kudos are always appreciated :3 thank you so much to those who've left them! x
"I'm not hungry."
Finally, he turned to look at Lestrade. "Good evening, Detective Inspector. Let me know what happens with Jones."
"There was no pulse. Nothing. You were dead. Your face was-", he closed his eyes. He cleared his throat, "please tell me it was just a dream."
John did.
"Oh, don't play these games with me, it doesn't work-"
And then, just like that, he vanished. And John turned to look around him, but couldn't find him. Where had he gone? He kept running, running, running alone, maybe he'd catch him after all, a nagging feeling inside him telling him he wouldn't find what he was looking for.
*******
She smiled. "What's his name?"
John smiled and cleared his throat. “I am very proud of you.”
"Oh no dear, we're just starting."
John stopped abruptly, trying to wrap his mind around the voice he had just heard. He turned to look at Sherlock, who was still not looking up! “Excuse me?”John said, somehow wishing Sherlock would lift his face from the notebook.
Uncomfortable topic for Sherlock, so he saved himself from comments. "I imagine he must be a good student."
John leaned heavily against the pillow and snuggled. "No, I'm not going anywhere." He barely muttered.
“When-”, he cleared his throat, “when I was seven years old I tried to paint a rainbow.”
“If that’s what I wanted, I would find more effective ways of doing it.”
The greaser's mind came up immediately with a rush of hope which could only say
"It means... I don't count." -Harry answered, winking at Sherlock, who looked at her without understanding a thing.
be angry, Sherlock had just brought out all of his insecurities and splayed them right in the open air, and he had been sharp and slightly offensive, but John’s main thought wasn’t any of those, his main thought was
friends, but introduce me to him at least."
“I actually do mind”, Sherlock replied. “Which is why I got you a palette”, he said as he walked and stopped in front of the canvas, taking something from behind the tripod stand.
"John, don't be ridiculous. Not only are you over reacting but you almost lost us our case. Now, I'm going to bed."
“Are you alright John?” says Ella, “You seem distracted.”
"Sherlock, of course I don't want you to be dead." My eyes have filled with tears and I blink frantically, desperate to appear strong. "But, it's not just that. I'm worried about you. I think we both know that you did know what I was talking about."
“Now, if I’m correct, he has murdered no less than 3 couples that have come here looking to book a reception for their civil partnership. I think that he killed them in his office, so that’s where we need to get.”
It only takes a few seconds for my brain to put together the jigsaw, and a few more for a text to come through, with an address.
He sits there for a while, as if deciding what to say, how to react. Suddenly his whole face changes and he is the Sherlock I recognise - controlled, calm, arrogant.
It was Greg who found me, sitting in a ball in the bathroom with a razor by my side and tears in my eyes.
I am flailing pathetically. I need to pull myself together. I take a deep breath.
“I have booked an appointment to consult him, you will have to play my husband to be of course. Needs to be believable.”
I think, in a way, that I had always loved Sherlock Holmes. That the glances to the side whilst looking over his shoulder at a laptop, the prolonged touches, the lingering gazes were all building up to something beautiful. If he hadn’t gone and killed himself then god knows where we might be.
I snap. I know I shouldn't but I can't help it.
"We do now."
I come out of the station, looking around to see the vibrant lights and alive nightlife of central London. Squinting at my phone, I read the address. I do not recognise the street, so I wander around a bit, before deciding to ask someone. I tap the shoulder of a young girl with vibrant green hair and several piercings.
"Why aren't you in bed?"
"You were the only one who never called me that," he says softly, and with that, he stalks off into his bedroom.
John is on his way to meet Sherlock
This room is empty, and the walls are a deep red. It is significantly quieter than the main part of the club, but the vibrations of the music still pump through my body.
London
This takes me by surprise. I expected the usual lecture about how I will probably always be traumatized by my time in the military. How it’s not my fault and it can happen to anyone. Ella had hardly dared to scratch the surface after Sherlock had died, I suppose I hadn’t let her really. I give  her a look and lean back in my chair.
My phone rings in my pocket. I pick it up and look at the screen, which reads SHERLOCK HOLMES. I frown; surely Sherlock would have texted, but pick up the phone anyway.
The music comes to a stop with an ugly and abrupt shriek of the strings. I want to get up, to compose myself but I don't think I have the energy. The door creaks open slowly and Sherlock, dressed only in a pair of checked pyjama bottoms stares down at me in confusion. I don't know what to do I so smile awkwardly and begin to speak.
His head snaps up - "You're not?"
My legs start towards 221b before my brain even catches up with them and before I realise, I'm halfway there. I must look insane, stomping through central London in the middle of the night in just my pyjama bottoms and coat. I turn round the corner at Baker Street and fumble with my keys before finding the spare.
"Where are you going?" she asks.
What she is saying finally kicks in and all of my defensive walls build themselves up in a matter of seconds.
Whatever "it" is I do not know but I feel as if it would be an odd thing to ask so I simply thank them and began to make my way towards Church Street before being stopped in my tracks by the girl in the blue polka dot dress calling out to me -“Good luck mate, if you know what I mean!”
I smile at him and shake his hand before pulling away. Sherlock also shakes his hand, smiling.
"You heard me. I don't know what you're talking about."
"Why were you scared, John?" He asks, sounding genuinely inquisitive. I wince, despite being happy that he has at least a bit of his spark still in him.
“Well, since he’s back I would assume…” She leans back in her chair and sighs.
I realise that I have stopped dead in the middle of the street, my hands lifting up my shirt. My eyes flit down to the scars and this simple act breaks the glassy tear that glaze my eyes. I lean against the nearest lamppost and begin to cry properly, small sniffs turning to throaty, ugly sobs.
"Well maybe if you didn't assume-"
There are no mis calls from Mary when I open my phone, just texts.
*  *  *
I look down at my hands and grit my teeth. Ella smiles reassuringly at me and gestures for me to come in. When I walk through the door, she pats my back gently and I know it’s kindly but it still annoys the shit out of me. I’m fine, I have told Mary on multiple occasions. I’m over it, it’s done, and I’m ok. But PTSD can always come back she says. This is my first time with Ella since Sherlock came back, and right now, I am not feeling like sharing my feelings with anyone. Well, anyone except…
"Sherlock I swear to god-"
A million sarcastic responses fill my head. Oh, I’m doing great thanks, just thought I’d pop into your therapy sessions to say hi, catch up!
I pick up the mug and walk over to my laptop, opening it up to the page of my blog which is still on 21,000 views since my last post over a year ago. I couldn't face looking at it after Sherlock.
"Well unless I blacked out, I believe that this is the start of day three." He nodded at me, and then turned around and picked up a dulled pencil without an eraser, and a notebook. We sat in silence for around an hour before Emily came through the door.
"No. Of course Mycroft, I know you're only trying to help, but I do not want your drugs, and I would appreciate if you would stop trying to give them to me. Now, stitch me up and let me go back to bed, I'm rather tired for once and I am well aware of the consequences of skipping breakfast."
"Ma'am yes ma'am," I said, taking in the information she told me easily.
"How long have you been involved in this prison of the mind?" I asked.
"Who's cousin?" I asked him.
"Sure." The girl with long red hair answered. "Hey Em, are you and Greg going out for lunch?" She asked Emily.
"Alright, thank you much miss Emily," I told her, waiting very patiently until she left.
"No, Not really, I'm more or less just here for the free mints." He said chuckling. He was clearly sarcastic, something that would annoy me in any other situation.
"Not at this moment, but thank you for your offer." Emily sat down on a plastic stepping stool and waited for me to eat my waffles.
"And on that, I call Bullshit," I said. I repositioned myself on the couch and leaned my elbows on my knees. I knew Jim was blabbing about his new life and how his family wouldn't let him sight out, but I was lost in the mixture of memories that Jim and I had built together. The supervisor dismissed us for lunch, and Emily and John walked into the resident room.
"Yes, I know brother dear. Tomorrow morning at 07:00 am we will switch you to your new room and bring you breakfast there. It's best you don't walk down stairs or you may pop a stitch again, and that will be even less fun than this is."
"Oh no, Dr. Mycroft Holmes is my older brother, and he is always bragging about his certifications as a psychiatrist. Do you have any siblings?"
"Yes sir," she said and opened the door to the hallway. We only rolled past four doors until we reached the room that said 221B. The door was newer than my old one, which had to mean it either had been kicked in or broken off of its hinges. I would check that once I was settled in; very odd that it makes me curious in the first place. There was a tray of breakfast waiting for me: waffles with one pad of butter and a small container of syrup served on a styrofoam plate with a dulled plastic fork as my utensil. There was also a small cup of lukewarm coffee. Marvelous. "Anything else I can get for you, Sherlock?"
"New room?" I asked my brother.
"I should've known," I said looking at my brother through narrow eyes. Not because he was kissing someone, but because of the gender of the person who he was kissing. My brother was not as straight as he had made himself out to be.
"I be-" she was cut off by the door opening to who I assumed was my new roommate. "Oh, hello John, I would like you to meet William, he will be your roommate."
"What is it, dear?" Mummy asked.
So he asked John. And he said yes. A bit surprisingly; he hadn't expected John to agree so easily.
"You look different." A deep voice said, right next to his ear.
"Well then. Aren't you going to deduce why I'm here?" The woman asked in a condescending tone. It was so out of character, at least according to what Sherlock has deduced.
"I wanted to say that I love him."
"You really should watch the way you eat," said Irene. "The ravioli already stained your jumper. Honestly. How are your screws so loose all the time?"
"Shut up." Irene snipped, briskly. "You're eating my girlfriend's cooking."
"The Met. They contacted me, like I told you before."
Wrong.
She was worried. So, so, worried. Sherlock talks about her worries as if they were the most unnecessary, irrational thing ever. But she knew that it was justified. She knew that her youngest child, no matter how old, was still the same boy who was anxious to touch aconite without gloves, deep down. To put him next to murderers was the last thing she ever wanted to do. Sherlock trying to guilt her by mentioning preventable murders did nothing; she couldn't care less about them if it meant to keeping her son safe.
"Oh? Am I, now?"
, bring anyone over, but now it seems like that is almost the only available option left. It still baffles me why they would bring a guest, let alone why they are here and not in London, when it's nothing close to their summer holidays. But then again, the British government does not always work on schedule."
"......"
Sherlock did not dare to make a sound. Everything in his head was going full speed, trying to make sense of this woman.
Her lips made a straight line, but it seemed like she decided to let it pass. She picked up from where she left before. "...Ashton... daughter, did you see her, Siger? She's all grown up. Like our little Sherlock."
Maybe he could've had John follow him too, because he'd like it, Sherlock knew, and because Sherlock appreciated John's company. John liked it, liked the chase, the danger, the thrill, and he seemingly enjoyed being with Sherlock, too, no matter how improbable that was to be true. He liked what Sherlock did and said things like "amazing," or "brilliant," or "fantastic," (he'd said them four, three, and one time, respectively, during their whole encounter since Musgrave) and he had this look on his face when he watched Sherlock as if he was marveling at what Sherlock was capable of doing - the look of pure amazement, adoration... And John's excitement at chasing down an actual criminal will be tangible through his expressive face and body movements and it would send electrifying sensations down Sherlock's spine... John will get all wide-eyed, giddy, giggling, breathless, looking up at Sherlock with that distinct fondness of which John has only allowed glimpses to Sherlock, and when he acknowledges himself, he might lick his bottom lip sheepishly, because he showed his heart too much...
"Sherlock Holmes, be serious, now. You're not eight years old." Mummy scolded.
"I've heard that before," were the words Sherlock has chosen carefully.
John wondered if he had to feel insulted at being overgeneralized. He didn't.
After John put his clothes on (he made sure there wasn't anyone else, this time), he opened the door and found Sherlock waiting for him. Sherlock took one look at John and walked past him to go inside. John followed him in.
Sherrinford has visited his office about an hour ago. And in that short period of time, he's silently judged, ridiculed, and incapacitated what Mycroft's been doing for the past month with the MI6. Mycroft couldn't be mad at him, of course, because Sherrinford was, as always, right. Mycroft has seen ten steps ahead; Sherrinford has seen twenty. Nobody else could even see one or two, he knew, but that was not the matter. From when he was young, he knew that nobody else other than the three of them actually mattered. They were the three humans living in the world of goldfish. And this time, like most of the times, Mycroft has lost to his brother. Again.
Silence, and the two of them glared at each other, neither of them backing down.
"I don't know what you are talking about."
, they immediately seized Sherlock in both sides, blocking any way of escape, and dragged him away. Sherlock was yelling, screaming, his feet dragging on the pavement and people around them watched over with concern - but the two men were completely unperturbed.
Sharon sighed. She continues digging up Sherlock's mind palace. "And then you had to Fall and John had to go and marry Mary. That rhymes. Fun. But not so fun for you. You never expected John to be so affected by your death, and when you found out that he was indeed furious, you were afraid that he'd never forgive you. Terrified. Much more than you have been when you faced Moriarty's henchmen. But you would've done it again, just like you've done, because... a-ha. John could never know, because that was part of the deal. If John knew, the instant he knew, he was getting sniped. And you knew that John wouldn't be able to completely hide it once he hears that you're alive. He's like that, isn't he? So transparent."
John winced. "Irene!"
Deduction from A Study in Pink almost verbatim from the show. I don't own it!
"Alright... and which way is that?" John questioned.
"Did you sleep well, John?" Mycroft asked, slicing a piece of toast on his plate and not looking up. There was a full English breakfast on it.
"Okay, then. So now what?"
. She said.
"Pretty much. That and my dad, too."
"You don't need to worry about something supernatural like this, ever again. We don't come down too often. Once in a thousand human years, maybe. Even less. We don't do this when it's hopeless, and it's really not too often when your level of desperation is unresolved when there's this much hope. Toodles!"
Suddenly, the proximity felt too much. Sherlock wriggled himself out from the now fully loosened grip, and the man let him do so. He went over to the counter where the kettle was sitting. Taylor's Yorkshire Gold. Not bad. Sherlock opened the cupboard above for honey. He could feel the man's gaze behind him.
"Mm. No."
"Hang on, Sherlock- won't you answer my question?"
"I'd love to, but I have stuff to take care of back home," said Mrs. Hudson. "I'll be back in a tick. Oh, and Sherlock, dearie, do try to eat a bit."
"How can you crush your own child's dream like that, mother?"
"Alright, then."
"Sorry. I'll stop."
Bill laughed.
"That'll do. You look like a malfunctioning robot, but it's enough to do the job."
"Sherlock, I..." Watching this, John stopped, and looked down to his feet. He looked small. Sherlock wanted to hug him, but he couldn't, because his heart was all torn apart, manifested for an exhibition, to the one person he had to guard it against the most. All of the purposefully placed hands that avoided the intimate places, the painstakingly feigned emotions on his face whenever he caught John watching him, all the sighs and the insults that he had to make up - all that, just to protect his frail little heart.
"Hmm. I suppose you do have a point."
Mycroft glanced once at Sherlock, his face unimpressed, and then walked away without saying anything else. Sherlock hadn't expected anything else.
John scoffs, shakes his head fondly.
"Then what exactly is the point of you asking."
As soon as the front door closed, John took a step closer.
"Bugs?"
"Yes, I'm not sure, and hence I'm asking."
Violet rolled her eyes.
"Ooh-oh, a client, Sherlock!"
When Mycroft saw Mary in the interrogation room through the one-way mirror, she didn't look resentful like he thought she would.
He stood up. "I don't think we should keep our disguises anymore, but it is best if we still wore these clothes until we arrived at the Met. We don't have to do anything else, of course, and so you will be able to walk in whatever way you please."
"Brilliant! Sorry."
Sherlock bit his lower lip. And for a moment, the detective looked young and vulnerable, more so than he ever was since Sharon got him talking.
The place was even more hideous than John remembered. It was more than obvious that no management was being done in this area; the little yard of grass was so dense with nameless weeds and the wall was worn off, divested of a single patch of decent paint - it looked abandoned. There were piles of cigarette butts and a couple of small syringes - John made sure not to step on it - with a few wrappers and various kinds of trash all scattered over the little concrete ground that they had right near the wall. It was the only place that they could stand on without having to step on the grass.
"Yes, they are. So what is your verdict? Should I say yes?"
After a beat of silence, Sherlock answered. "I wouldn't say that. Father's nothing like us."
John was standing next to the phone booth, waiting for Mycroft's car to pick him up.
"Yes," he whispered. He closed his eyes.
"John. Apologies I took so long."
Although John grumbled, he followed Sherlock's instructions, and after a while, Sherlock made an approving noise.
"Oh, God," said the blond, as his laughter subsided. "What- What just happened? You- is that a deer?" He pointed at the ornament on the floor. Fortunately, it wasn't broken.
"Wear that. Yes, leave the bottom button open. Straighten your spine and push your chest out. Not too much, John, don't be an idiot."
"John Watson, if you were wondering. I'll see you, maybe."
, Sherlock had emphasized,
Sherlock pursed his lips, nodding. "There's always something. Real life's never so neat. Too many loose threads, too many possibilities."
"Ready when you are."
"I said, not important. Come on, John. Scotland Yard needs us!"
Sherlock threw himself over the chaise longue in frustration. His mother did not bat a lash. She continued reading as if there wasn't her nearly grown-up son huffing and puffing next to her.
John made his posture straight, stretching out, making sure that his biceps and pectorals - they weren't not impressive, thank you very much - were emphasized as he did. His hair was slightly wet, and a drop of water took this moment to be its time to descend upon John's torso, sliding down on John's left nipple.
"The thing that you did back at your home," John started, remembering that day. He couldn't believe that it has already been more than a week. It felt like yesterday, seeing Sherlock right in front of him. "The... um, 'deductions,' you called it? Right. Those. They were impressive, too. But I guess I thought Harry's drinking was something that
It was child's play to escape his deserted parents' house, of course, but what would he do about the Lestrade part? He could show up without a guardian, barge his way in and dazzle Lestrade until he forgets his stupid caveat. But there was the danger of Lestrade taking notice and not agreeing to Sherlock's future participating in the case, which Sherlock might need to solve the case. Serial killers rarely made a mistake easy enough for Sherlock to solve in one sitting, he needed to be included in the follow-up measures, the full-on investigation. Just distracting Lestrade wouldn't work. He had to bring someone.
He could feel Sherlock's rapt attention on his back, waiting for John's answer. John shoved the last of his stuff into his bag, zipped it, and turned around.
As he strolled as if there wasn't anything happening, he could feel his blood pumping through his veins, and it was just like what he felt after a good match but even stronger.
"No, you don't, because I already know that there wasn't."
It looked like he was finally getting that morning sex.
He was grateful that the conversation ended with just that. He told them Cambridge in order to appease them, and it worked. He was indeed intending to go to Cambridge, mostly because they had the best Chemistry resources. His report card wasn't fantastic because he never cared, but his official test scores were off the roof. It wouldn't be difficult, he knew.
"No, because I know what
"Who uses
John looked like he was about to follow. Instead, he stopped and flashed a glance back.
"I envy people like you." Irene said, dryly. "What is it like, to be satisfied with only one partner? Are you really satisfied, or are you just deceiving yourself?"
have a point, John. I think it's time you realize that."
"It doesn't matter." Sherlock retorted. He sounded a bit petulant. "I only need to fool those who think this is how you talk."
"I'm here to take care of that hollowness inside you. The loneliness that devours you every time John can't see you."
"Oh, Sherlock. You eccentric human. Come on, say it out loud."
John. Sherlock mechanically answered the text with the relevant details, informing John of the progress and the prospect of taking the culprit into custody soon.
"What if you can't? Find a way, I mean." John interjected.
"That's no excuse for being straight up squalid."
The lightbulb right above their sofa has been broken for weeks. It was Bill's fault, and he has been giving the two of them excuses after excuses for not getting a new one. John and Irene could get one by themselves, but the two of them agreed that they shouldn't give in until Bill did. The result was weeks of dingy light in the living room. Irene was the biggest victim of the two, because lord knows that she loves to shag her girlfriend on the sofa. John still hasn't managed to shake the image off his head.
Sherlock tried not to show his irritation at her not-so-subtle jab at his rivalry against his brothers.
Sherlock did not answer but glared instead.
Of the several months they've been doing this, Mycroft was never there when John woke up. John supposed it was one of Mycroft's ways of dealing with his sexual partners, or that Mycroft was always busy in the mornings. So it was quite unusual to see Mycroft, in his three-piece suit, of course, sitting on the stool near the breakfast island, nonchalant.
John looked up, seeing Sherlock watching him with amused eyes.
Sherlock snapped out of his reverie.
She nodded enthusiastically. "Yes. Dr. John Watson. Ah-ah. Don't try to deny it. I can hear your mind, remember? You don't believe me yet? Aren't you stubborn. Hmm. Let's see... what if I tell you that I know you have a John Wing in your mind palace?"
"I can't believe you hopped around roofs," said John. "I can't believe
He stilled.
"Now we take a crowd that we can merge in."
John rolled his eyes and sighed. She did this all the time. It was just tea, though, and he didn't mind too much. He poured two cups of tea, put three sugars in for Irene (he really thought Irene should take less sugar) and a splash of milk for his own.
She also knew, however, that her little boy wasn't so little, now.
"See you around?" He asked.
"Whatever witchcraft you boys do. Anyways, he's going to be here for two whole weeks, and it's obviously a big deal for Mycroft, so you'd better behave, Sherlock."
John checked the time for the last message. It was sent only five minutes ago.
Sherlock rattled away. "You're not a complete idiot, quick on your feet, athletic, and have medical knowledge. You live in central London, close enough to NSY and the crime scene. Need I say more?"
"Shh!"
"What? That's-"
John chuckled quietly.
"Don't worry, I told you. I'm here to help you." Sharon opened her eyes.
Sherlock huffed, curled himself in a ball, and glared at the space in front of him. He was sandwiched between two SIS agents, and from experience he knew that these men would not budge from their seats, no matter what kind of insult Sherlock threw in their faces.
"What are you doing here?" John shouted. He hurriedly wrapped his lower half with the towel. It was barely enough.
The case was over. Well, at least until the officers found the pink suitcase, their job was done. Or so it seemed like it, at least to John.
Mycroft sighed, exasperated. But John could see that it was feigned to conceal the fact that he was, indeed, affected.
John's protest was quieted by Sherlock's hush.
John thought it wasn't fair for someone so young to sound like that.
"And now, he's asking for more, and you're afraid that once you say yes and you get into
"I didn't know you'd be... indecent," said Sherlock. He was now looking at his own shoes.
"You really should hone your observation skills," Sherlock answered, instead, a smirk on his face. "And, you should watch the forecast before leaving. Your rugby coach does."
"Oh, oh my. Is John Watson seeing two people at once?" Irene lowered her voice. "He's
Something cold sat inside Sherlock's stomach.
She was grinning widely with her eyes glistening under the bright incandescent light. It wasn't a content grin. It was... maniac.
It was Sherlock.
John caught the tall stick of blackness disappear behind the Physics building. As far as John knew, that place had nothing but trees and weed that grew up to your knees.
been private with John.
That was true. That was true, and it had surprised Sherlock several times this afternoon. For every single time Sherlock had expected John to cop out, John had surprised him. He didn't cop out, but instead asked what they were doing next. They. Together. It was apparently natural for John to think that he wasn't going to leave Sherlock alone, despite the glaring fact that it was obviously Sherlock's tail that was being chased and that John didn't have any obligation to stay with him.
"Both of them!"
"And before I go, John, the best disguise is to hide in plain sight. Do not attempt anything out of your way to convince the onlooker."
"Help you? How?"
Sherlock looked so happy at this that any remains of uncertainty in John's mind about following Sherlock vanished altogether.
"Sherlock- remember, I'm helping you. And I promise," she lowered her voice, gently, "I promise that I will make your hurt gone after this. I promise."
After a beat of silence with John just staring at the little piece of pattern carved in their faux-wooden table, he sighed.
Mycroft closed his eyes after his driver closed the door for him. It was a long day.
He looked around, and found nothing that could be even remotely used as a weapon. Sherrinford did learn from his mistakes, of course.
As John ran after him, he wondered if him following Sherlock will be a regular thing.
John smirked at this. He's heard this before. "I thought lesbians used some other app."
Sherlock cut him off. "What do you mean I got most of it right? Did I get something wrong?"
"You're right next to the kettle! Pour it out yourself."
The mystery client shrugged. "Anyways. Back to business. So. As you've already guessed, I'm not a human. Not a runaway patient, either. Not your sister, not that idiot who thinks of himself as God - Moriarty, was it? - and most definitely
Mycroft could watch every corner of Mary's face twist at this, and the face was one of the very few images that he knew for sure that he could never delete from his mind.
"What?" That took Irene out of her playful seductiveness. "I thought you were just fooling around?"
Mrs. Holmes sighed and tilted her head back. Sherlock was always the difficult one. Sherrinford and Mycroft, they practically raised themselves. Ever since they were little, she knew that her children were too smart, too clever, too extraordinary for anyone else on the planet. It was sheer luck that two of them craved power, authority, and self-preservation; she was never worried about them when they started school, when they went off to universities, and when they started their careers. They would make sure that they themselves were okay.
Irene chuckled. She was back to her commanding self.
"Do you not wish to know how?"
"You couldn't risk his life, no matter how well John could've hid the news."
"I know your brother seeing someone is quite out of the ordinary. I know. I thought you wouldn't care much, but-"
"You wouldn't know if I tried. Seventeen. I'm turning eighteen next January. So, believe me, I wouldn't have had to come here if only I were born three months earlier."
"Nonsense," said Mycroft, finally looking at him.
"...very well." Sherlock replied. John was going to be here anytime soon, and he could never pass an intriguing mystery. He gathered his hands near his chin, assuming his thinking position. "What do you wish to talk about, then?" He asked, gaze not leaving 'Sharon' for a second.
"You and father had our abilities assessed. Surely, you can think of me able to take care of myself?"
He'd also discovered sexual attraction, apparently. But he'd decided to ignore that steadfastly for now.
"Christmas? Oh. Kate and I are having a party at her place." She said with her eyes still fixated on her phone. "What about you?"
free time, which is the excuse he can use for not studying. It was the polite thing to do, too, of course. Sherlock has walked all the way here just for John.
A serial killer with a note, it was Christmas. The only flaw in the electrifying news was the fact that he was "grounded" by his stupid parents who still thought of him as a child and that Lestrade was a coward who didn't want to take responsibility of a legal minor on his crime scene unless there was a guardian to whom said responsibility could be shifted. (
"And then there's John, who gets so high on adrenaline during that chase that he forgets his cane. Who enjoys the crime-solving, just like you. Who even kills, brutally murders a civilian without a single tremor. But all of that with a firm moral principle holding his posture straight, like a soldier does. That faith, that firm principle in morality. That loyalty he shows towards you against Mycroft and the cabbie. The look of being appalled at the possibility of you being a drug addict. He's dangerous and he likes danger, but he is, at the same time, so grounded in his own morality like a soldier who blindly follows their commander."
It was simply, amazing.
"When Lestrade turned around to order his constables about the suitcase."
"I have to say, Mycroft never spoke of you," started Sherlock, looking back up. The man was watching him with amused eyes.
But what personal life? Mycroft doesn't have one.
John couldn't hear anything other than the usual sounds of London, but he waited, patiently.
"That's what I thought, too. But I guess he wants something more."
"No, really. I don't mind."
"Greetings," coughed Sherlock. It came out a bit rough. He blamed the time. It was eight thirty in the morning.
"I- maybe I'm a neighbour who just moved in next door and wanted to say hi?"
"Fuck off," John grumbled. He typed back a reply, avoiding the two scrutinizing gazes.
"It is," he answered, finally.
The warmth, his breath, the strong grasp on Sherlock's wrists.
"Where are we?" John asked, gathering his breath.
Sherlock was grinning at him when John looked up.
Several minutes passed. Sherlock was cataloguing various alternative possibilities just in case her phone wasn't an iPhone when the text came in.
"Lady and gentleman," Bill started, appearing on the doorstep. "I brought the bulb!" He waved a Tesco bag in the air.
John rolled his eyes, collected his books and adjusted his backpack before he jumped under Sherlock's umbrella. He was slightly irritated at how taller the younger Holmes was. Life was so unfair. So unfair. Well, Sherlock could at least hold the umbrella.
Sherlock ignored him again. Instead, he observed their surroundings, nodded to himself a couple of times, and pulled his gloves out of his pocket.
"You know what I mean. Moriarty was interesting because he knew the thrill of the game. Irene Adler, too. But you were always the one with the heart, weren't you. You knew, instinctively, what's right and what's wrong, from when you were very young. Mycroft and Eurus didn't, but you did. That's why you were the weak one. The stupid one."
Thinking of the burgundy gravy as blood wasn't enough to sate him anymore. He viciously stabbed the carrot, instead.
He then started to take his jacket off, and handed it back to John. John, seeing this, donned his suit jacket off - it was getting uncomfortably tight on his shoulders, so thank god - and exchanged it with his own clothes. Sherlock zipped open John's backpack that he's been carrying and took his coat out.
"What makes you think I know what it means? I'm really the opposite of what everyone expects."
"I said, I hate repeating myself. Do keep up, John. Your flat is less than fifteen minutes by foot and there is no need for a bus. Now stop making insipid suggestions and follow me. You do have to walk faster than me, after all."
Sherlock was getting his breath back too, and after a beat, he answered: "St. Bart's hospital."
She held her screen towards John, on which he could see tinder.
John was about to go to sleep himself when Mycroft asked:
"... nice young man, finally we get to meet him. Martha's staying with us, so she'll help us with the turkey. Oh, we have to get the tree. Do the Mcclarggens still sell their blue spruce? ..."
A vase on the table near the stairs.
, he'd deduced, earlier in the kitchen.
"Yeah? How do you reckon?"
going off to Cambridge!" Sherlock shouted behind him as he stormed outside of the room.
It took the man a couple of blinks and seconds before he understood what Sherlock was talking about. He gave Sherlock a sheepish smile. "Well, not wrong, technically. You just missed something. I..."
Sherlock made a show of rolling his eyes, but his excited face betrayed his real emotions. "I
Then there was the exam. Oh, the exam. It was impossible. John's two-hour studying at the library did almost nothing. The only consolation was Molly venting with him after class, about how unfair the professor was with that exam - he never really talked much with her before, and now he felt like he'd made a friend.
"...Fantastic!"
"Not really, son," said father. "Well- he said something about him being more of an active type than Mycroft. We think maybe the lad plays sport of some kind."
"Who is he seeing?"
He needed to get away. Get away from the idiotic, self-reassuring delusional morons. Get away from their tiresome, futile mind games and their greedy eyes.
"Thank you," said Sherlock, quietly, meeting John's eyes.
Thankfully, the answer came straight away.
It was astonishing, how he could portray himself as someone completely different in a matter of seconds.
"I don't think so. But I do know who's responsible for it," said John. "Someone who likes seating furniture for their lovemaking."
"Do you- are you busy?"
John could clearly see the boy's cheek blushing, which made the condescending comments lose its bite. Completely.
Immediately, the tension in his shoulders, the ennui in his eyes, the anxiety that's been riddling under his whole small frame - melted away in the crinkles of the smile, and Mycroft watched it in fascination.
"I hope that doesn't stick." John mumbled into his cup.
She crossed her legs and picked back up her phone. "Too boring. Sex therapist, maybe."
"Yes. In his locker, there was a full set of outfit of his, but no shoes. I made a scene. The police were a bunch of idiots, and they ignored me when I told the they had to find the shoes. But why would there be everything else except his shoes? There were everything, including the little tiny scraps of paper he'd had unbeknownst to himself after having gum. Then why wouldn't there be his shoes? He wouldn't have just waddled into school that morning,
Sharon frowned. "It's too loud, your head. You really do think fast for a human, don't you? It must be exhausting for your human body to maintain. I was getting used to Sharon's moronic monologues in her head, you know. And you're like a supercomputer, compared to her."
"A soldier with a marksman's ability who kills with a principle and also heals. Really, Sherlock, with the way you are, you couldn't really help yourself falling in love with him then and there."
This is officially the worst day in his life, thought John to himself. Maybe it was childish to say that, maybe there were worse thing that has happened to him in his life, but fuck rationality. John was soaked from head to toe with coffee on his new shirt and his ridiculously expensive textbooks were now slowly turning into a wet piece of rag. He hurriedly ran towards a near building to avoid the rain. As he stood near the entrance with some other students who gaped at the heavy rain together with him, he wondered what he should do. He pondered calling someone. Mike? Irene? Molly? Bill? He thought of calling Mycroft, maybe.
Sherlock didn't answer. John faced him again, and he could see the tall boy looking downwards and blushing at the tip of his ears. It was adorable. That was almost the only thing that reminded John that the boy standing in front of him was indeed years younger than him, because with all that deep voice and the height and the posh clothes that he was wearing, he could fool anyone that he was a student here at Barts.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Age doesn't necessarily indicate competence of any kind."
Interesting.
"Yeah," answered John, a little bit shocked.
"Bored. Go away," drawled Sherlock, looking back to his microscope.
Sherlock caught his breath.
Sherlock shrugged. Mycroft apparently wasn't
"Well, that too, of course- don't make that face, you git. Now answer the question."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Pirates are a perfectly viable career choice, mother. It is a common mistake to believe that all ocean surfaces are under the control of the government. It is not, I assure you."
Sherlock tensed visibly.
Sherlock counted internally. Ten, nine, eight-
Even before the jacket was off completely, Sherlock wrangled it from John's body impatiently and shoved him his coat.
"Oh God!" Sherlock exclaimed, exasperated. "Will you please leave me ALONE!" He bellowed at the car.
"Really? Are you sure?"
The client didn't seem to notice. Sherlock sat down and crossed his legs, assuming his positions. He narrowed his eyes on the client once more.
He longed the company of the person that has been keep coming up to his mind lately, especially for days like this.
"Give me your jacket." Sherlock demanded.
"......"
Sherlock made his choice. His everything.
"Sherlock Holmes!" She was now glowering at him. "How many times do I need to say it, it is
He despised the looks his competitors have sent him when he officially neutralized the project, as if they were the reason Mycroft had to back off.
"Because you are indeed my brother's guest?" Sherlock questioned, raising a brow.
"You tell me. God. That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done."
"Are we clear?" John asked, ignoring the feeling.
"Of course not." Mycroft took a bite of his sausage. "I have a chef who comes in. You'll find the taste excellent."
In less than a couple of minutes, a sturdy rope that looked like it was made from a couple of lab coats came tumbling down the wall. He could see Sherlock's messy black curls at the end of it, hinting that he was at the other end, holding onto it.
"...John?" Sherlock stuttered. He bolted up from his seat.
John blinked several times at this. He went over her words in his head, and found out that it was, indeed, true. He's believed that he was fully satisfied with keeping boundaries with Mycroft, but that was only because he thought of it as something casual, something that will break off sooner or later. He has been unconsciously building a barrier for himself not to get hurt once the time comes.
"Don't," said Sherlock, emphasizing the 't.' "I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself."
"Turn the car around this instant. All of you will be responsible for four new murders in the next month if you don't." Sherlock announced to the rest of the car.
"Yes, yes, alright," snapped John. "Now get out. I need to change."
So vulnerable.
Sherlock snorted.
"I adore you for getting surprised every time," she said, as she took a sip.
Mycroft looked away.
Irene made a disagreeing sound.
After a moment of debating with himself, Sherlock decided to give it a go. If this was all a dream - which was the only possible explanation at this point - he might as well use this ghost his own mind made up as a therapist.
"I've ran away."
He sat, with his legs gathered in front of him and feet on his chair. He put his chin on top of his knees. He knew his whole body screamed 'sulking,' and he didn't care.
"I know."
"So?"
All of that was spoken rapidly and nonchalantly, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. It left John in a awe, and he had to actively tore his gaze away from the teenager's face not to come off as creepy. He said, eventually, after a beat:
It muddled his brain, his mind, and the memories of John's face and body were fuzzy and romanticized and heavily emphasized in certain areas in his otherwise clear mind's eye.
Soon, he could hear a loud chatter with heavy footsteps. He could see a crowd of students pouring from the stairs on the right side of the lab door, and just like Sherlock has told him, many of them were in semi-formal jackets.
"Intelligence agent? Witness protection?"
Seconds passed, and Sherlock stood back up, taking his hand off and distancing himself from John. The place where his hands were on John's face felt suddenly empty.
"And have expensive dinner," Irene commented.
"It does, doesn't it?" Sherlock asked, excited.
And they arrived right in front of the door. John quickly fished for his key in his pocket, opened it, and stepped inside, leaving the door open and Sherlock still standing outside. The younger man looked hesitant. John smiled. "Yeah?" John asked again. "I really don't mind if you've got someplace to be."
He dialed the number as the car swiftly went into motion.
John woke up alone. He was in Mycroft's bed.
"And are you finally going to tell me who we're running away from?"
"Five months, isn't that when John agreed to move back in? Yes, I know that, of course I do. As I was saying, I'm not human."
When John came out into the kitchen after showering, he was surprised to see Mycroft at the breakfast table.
? Humans are always so reliant on their science, or whatever they call it. Here I am, showing them an exception to all "science" practically in their face and they still think the same- how easy to make you creatures feel settled, feel like you've got this, like you're the master of this world-"
"Clever! Very clever." Her laughter, despite how loud and exaggerated it was, somehow did not reach her eyes.
And a little bit later, there was one that alarmed John a bit:
John gaped, still staring at Sherlock in disbelief.
It took a moment before Sherlock realized that John was talking about Sharon's last words.
"Afghanistan or Iraq? Not a bad pick-up line, Sherlock. You sized him up from the start, didn't you? Why could nobody figure out the reason you became so enthusiastic to have a stranger as your flatmate? You, of all people, shouting your address with a wink, and nobody thinks it bizarre? Even before John showered you with praise, you were actually infatuated with the ex-army doctor, from the very first sight. From the moment you lay your eyes on him, you were drawn to him. You knew Stamford didn't have his phone with him. You knew the good doctor would lend you his phone. You wanted to
Sherlock's eyes widened.
And then, with a flick of her finger, something transparent fell behind where Sharon was sitting, and there was-
Sherlock suddenly looked away. "Hm. Not important. Let's go, John."
Sherlock stood there for a few minutes, looking at the empty doorway. He then heard the sound of a car engine starting in the distance. Mycroft must be leaving, now. He hurriedly moved to the window at the back of the kitchen, from where he could see the front gates. He could see Mycroft's black Rolls-Royce Phantom rolling off smoothly like its name.
England was famous for its feeble rain, except for days like this when it decides that a fucking squall was acceptable in central London.
"It's fine. You wishing to go to Cambridge is enough of an answer. You can decide whatever you want to do as you study."
"Sherlock, what did I say about guilting people for your convenience?" Mummy asked, her voice stern.
"Sherlock, where are we going?" He yelled through the deafening sound of the rain.
"And I need you to help me."
Sherlock covered John's mouth with his hand, crouching his whole body over John's. It was cold, dry, and large. Large enough to cover John's whole face.
So weak.
Two texts came in almost at once.
This was next level.
Sherlock so badly wanted to scream his frustrations out loud. Although he didn't
"Irene might. I don't." Bill answered as he threw in a tomato inside his mouth.
"Thank you," she purred, looking up at John through her lashes. She was deliberately trying to look pliant and submissive. It worked.
Nobody, not even the best damn cartographer of Great Britain would've known that there were such an intricate ways to travel around London via roofs. John was sure of it.
"Yes, we overheard him talking to the phone, I remember." Father replied.
"Oh. Right."
"He's not my sugar daddy or my sugar anything. He's not that old," John protested, putting his fork down.
But there were days like this when he cursed the nation of Union Jack.
sexual appetite." Irene's voice lowered sensually.
"Yes, yes. But you also can't leave him. The flight where you thought you could never see John, ever again? You were planning to commit suicide. To commit overdose."
It has been only two years since Mycroft has officially took his way into the area of national affairs. Unofficially, it has been longer, of course, but he could never give anyone the advantage of underestimating his work that he's done when he was still at Oxford, only for his status of a student. Two years weren't a long time, and Mycroft was, no matter how unreal it was to say it, only a man. He was still at the stage of building connections and apprehending the whole complicated cobweb that was the British government.
She tapped her fingers on the wooden table, pondering.
"Mary dies for you, which you find strange, and now you hold even a bigger burden. You let him grieve for your death, and you make him grieve for his wife's death. What a friend you are. All you do in John Watson's life is to cause him pain and grief. And yet, you can't leave him."
"Perfect. Always trust John Watson to make your tea."
Mycroft followed his path because it was only natural. He craved power and he loved Britain. There really was no other choice.
But spending Christmas break with his family - that was a bit of a jump, John thought, because although the sex was fantastic, he never had the idea of Mycroft wanting anything more than just sex, and so he had adjusted himself to the idea of having a rich, smart sexual partner that took care of everything.
Sherlock now looked even more confused. "Mm. My pleasure, or whatever they say."
"And he looks totally unphased. Nerves of steel, you say? Nerves of steel, indeed. And a crackshot, too. Whoo- now, the doctor is not only just a fighter that heals, isn't he? He is acclimated to danger, and he kills without batting an eyelash, kills
"... John needs someone to look after him." Sherlock's voice was uneven and gruff.
He did owe Sherlock one for the umbrella, anyways.
"I don't know what you're doing, but that's not how we talk," said John.
"He doesn't need a bed," said Irene. "His sugar daddy probably has a lovechair designed only for John."
The stranger was now awkwardly standing near the fridge. He was fidgeting with his hands near his jeans.
Fortunately, Sherlock took it. "We are finally free to go to the Met. The DI is expecting me soon. We'll need to take a cab. Don't worry, I'll pay."
An appreciative gaze raked over John's whole body. Slowly. It was filthy.
"But you have been thinking of this thing between you and him as something temporary, haven't you? Something that will end eventually?"
your place to catch murderers in London!"
And after a moment, he started to break into laughter.
John slung his backpack over his shoulder and kicked the door shut.
"Well, yes," answered Sherlock, gesturing to it absentmindedly. "Mummy's choice. Don't understand it."
like too." Irene said, poking John in the chest. "You don't run away in these situations. Now that you know exactly what's going on, you wouldn't be able to bear not even trying. All that Christmas stuff you've just imagined, all those sentimental moments that just flashed through your minds- you know it's playing with fire, doing all that with someone who you're not already in love with, but you want to try it, still, now that the option's in your hand."
Mrs. Hudson brought over the blasted dish. "Why, this looks delicious! And the smell, too," said mum. "Thank you, Martha. You should join us, if you are not too busy."
"There."
John glared at Bill, knowing that it won't have any effect. It didn't. Bill's messy school scarf was dangling along with his laughs and John wanted to tug it and choke him to death.
"He's petite, our little John. I know for a fact that his daddy is quite taller. Maybe something that has a 'u' shape that fits his little body in the middle?"
"Changed your mind, then. Oh, don't think too badly of this jumper," she said, feigning pity as she looked down at herself. "Sharon loves it. As idiotic as she is, I do like it when humans do this sort of thing."
He didn't even worry about the young genius taking the right path, and was, therefore, not surprised to see a familiar street appear in front of him some minutes later.
nowadays?" Contempt was apparent in her voice.
John Watson. Sherlock watched the car disappear with his cup of tea going cold in his hand.
"How indeed," Irene slightly tilted her head, gazing at John. The bowl of broccoli in her hands were now forgotten.
The microwave beeped.
"Oh, no. Don't worry. I'm not trying to hurt him. I'm trying to help him. And you. Mainly you." Sharon grinned again, showing her teeth this time.
The car was taking a turn, and observing this, Sherlock could deduce that his mother had called Sherrinford instead of Mycroft. It was usually Mycroft's business to take care of Sherlock, but apparently, Mrs. Holmes took this occasion so seriously that she had to call the oldest, sliest, and the overall worst mastermind of the family and not settle for second best.
His deepest, darkest thoughts.
Mycroft.
"Well... who knows."
"Yes!" Sherlock exclaimed, jumping in excitement. "Yes, I'll do that. Now come along, John!" He yelled, and him and his dramatic coat swished outside the room. Chuckling to himself, John ran after the mad boy genius.
"Shh."
"...you can figure it out, yourself. You're practically inside my head already," snapped Sherlock. He opened his eyes and glared at the uninvited visitor.
"This isn't the problem of what it
"She did say that we weren't hopeless, right?" John said, voice groggy.
"That wasn't easy," said John, collecting his breath, and being a bit proud of himself.
"Well, that's all right," said father. "We don't need another politician in this house. What kind of career do you see for yourself?"
"Oh my god," John groaned. He almost put his two hands up in the air, but realized that it could compromise his precarious towel placement, and stopped. "You could've given me a heart attack."
Sherlock merely gave a
"Here," said Sherlock, fishing John's phone out of his pocket and handing it to him. It looked rather small in Sherlock's hand.
John didn't resist and immediately silenced himself. Sherlock seemed like he was listening to something.
His parents were talking in the front seats, banal everyday chatter that Sherlock was happy to let it flow over his head.
"Deductions, not observations," said Sherlock, without turning around.
Cambridge. University. Sherlock becoming of legal age to do whatever he pleases. No mother can stop him then.
"I can't believe you," muttered John to Irene. She blew him a kiss, whispered "you know I love you," and went back to her broccoli.
After sitting down with his cup, he watched curiously around, looking for Sherlock. He wasn't there. Probably taking a bit longer, then. John sipped on his cup, and wondered mindlessly about what was going on. Why would someone suddenly follow him and Sherlock? Because John has done nothing extraordinary in his life, it must've had to do with Sherlock, that was for sure.
you, then? What is the object of my desperate obsession?"
"Well. I can't tell you my real name. But this vessel's name is Sharon. I think. 'Sharon Macfiller.' Horrendous name, don't you think?"
The cab ride was filled with Sherlock feeding details of the first three cases to John, and before he knew it, they were at Lauriston Gardens. Many of the constables frowned immediately when they saw Sherlock, and after an angry conversation - more like Sherlock's rapid rattling deductions and the officer's shouting abuse - and a radio call to the DI, they were let in.
Buzz. Buzz. Buzz. Three texts came in consecutively. How does Sherlock type that fast was beyond John.
He yawned. He had class today, so he had to move soon. And damn, Mycroft's bedsheet was silky and smooth. He could rub his bare thighs against it all day long if he could.
"A pirate."
"Irene, why does Kate always use our good milk?" Bill complained.
"Shut up," Sherlock mumbled.
"And have you? Thought about it?"
John looked so harmless. Small and kind-looking blue eyes. Even his hair was the opposite of aggressiveness - fair, light, blond and airy.
"Yeah. See you."
"It's because she can tell the good ones from the bad."
Sherlock was adamant that they find it, because apparently, it was an easy enough job for the incompetent NSY officers to take care of.
"No."
Safe, and yet, attractive. That was John Watson.
. Who are you and what are you doing here?"
"Not this year. They're going up North this year, and Kate hates York."
"...And?"
"According to this Facebook page, we have a group of students bored enough to escape their class in ten minutes. They will be crossing the hallway from the right in any minute. Ten to eleven students, and several of them graduated from boarding schools. They're likely to wear suits. Great for you to join in. Don't talk to them, don't act like you are doing anything that involves them. Just walk with them, not too far away, and remember what I told you about your walks. Try to imitate them if you can. As soon as you're out, follow them until they start realizing that you're in the pack. Leave them and head onto the café near the Chemistry department. I will meet you there."
"Forgive me Miss Adler," said Bill, too jovially for Irene's pleasure. "Ooh. Italian today?"
Sherlock stopped, effectively stopping John too. Sherlock had his whole body turned towards John, he noticed.
"......"
Sherlock looked away, coughing slightly.
Footsteps. The stranger was approaching where Sherlock was standing.
"I can't
"Because I need to borrow one of their labs," said Sherlock, taking a vial out of his pocket. It had a cotton swab sealed in it.
Sharon could see that the massive brain of Sherlock Holmes was agreeing with him, despite a part of it screaming,
"If you are so concerned about the lives of Londoners, I will let Mycroft or Sherrinford know. They will take care of it faster than you will, I'm sure." She said, with a calm voice.
John shook his head. Bill was probably still in class, after all.
"What're you-"
"I said no," Sherlock snarled. "Why do you need me to say it when you can just dig in like you've been doing for the past five minutes?"
The relationship between the two first started when John, unwittingly, made friends with a high-profile assassin that went by the name 'Mary.' The woman had been on Interpol's most wanted list for two years, and CIA's classified list for five. Despite the age difference between the two, they became close, and in the end, John was instrumental in finally taking the elusive criminal into custody. At first, Mycroft suspected heavily about John's involvement with Mary and her incriminating exercises, because Mary and John became too close too fast. One day, they were exchanging names and shaking hands, and the next week, they were found kissing on the doorstep to the hospital that Mary worked.
He hummed noncommittally and glanced outside his window instead of agreeing. At this perfectly usual set of behavior, his mother turned her body back towards her front and chatted on.
He started eating, and the space was soon filled with the sound of silverware clinking against china.
"What I just said about you. They are deductions. Observations are the step prior to them."
But he couldn't disobey mummy when she called his name with that tone.
When the driver hesitated to remove the gear from neutral to drive, the agent in his left spoke: "It's better than to be murdered by S himself."
That made Irene put her phone down. "Why, yes." John ignored her voice going down a key. "Your rich, old man."
Detective Inspector Lestrade, the man-in-charge introduced himself to John. He surveyed John's ID carefully, as if he doubted forgery, and Sherlock huffed and puffed in irritation until they were finally cleared to see the body.
So it was sentimental. That still didn't make sense. Why would she scratch the name 'Rachel' at the wooden floor by her dying breath, and leave her phone with the murderer? Did the murderer deliberately took the phone? That didn't happen before, so highly unlikely.
The flat was silent, with nobody making a sound. And for all of it, John was staring at Sherlock with a glance that terrified Sherlock because of what it could mean.
"It's exhausting, isn't it?" She asked, with a voice that didn't show any compassion. It was just a question.
Sherlock chewed on his lower lip nervously.
"I suppose not. There's a reason I chose you to go last." Sherlock remarked dryly, collecting the rope back.
"What? Why?"
It was all gone.
"I suppose he always tells the worst of me," said Sherlock.
John nodded solemnly.
John gaped as he took it. "Did you have this with you the whole time?"
"Now, we move. But we can't take the main road. We have to use the other way."
John tittered, and heard Sherlock following him. The low rumble of it was almost melodic.
"Nothing."
Sherlock pursed his lips. "Let's just say I wanted to see the city."
But Sherlock might have some place to go, so maybe not. As the two of them approached the door to his flat's building, John decided to just ask.
Sherlock found himself giggling slightly after him.
"It might be!" Sherlock bellowed. "It might be, and you won't know it if I am perfect for the job, if you don't even give me a chance!"
"Yeah, but I'm through them already."
"We have to get down, now. We don't have much time," said Sherlock. "Got your breath back?"
excuse of keeping me safe, the more responsible you will be for the murders that could've been prevented if only you saw reason."
"Left wing, tall and spacious, and ooh. Isn't this delicious. The first room on the ground floor, what can I see here?" She said, closing her eyes, her face expression looking like she's just tasted something exquisite. "The first time you two met. How romantic!"
"A boy in my school suddenly died, and many thought it was an accident, but I was so convinced that he was killed. He was a swimmer, a very skilled one, and one day, he turned up dead in the pool. Many thought it was just drowning. It didn't make sense, because he was a good swimmer, and he very annoyingly reminded everyone of it. Naturally, I noticed that his shoes was missing."
But it was all too different with Sherlock. Her youngest child was the odd duckling of the three. He was reckless, he hated the idea of authority, and he never had a regard for his own well-being. In fact, it looked like he was interested in anything that could be harmful to himself. He was fascinated with dangerous items, including swords, poisons, and explosives; when Sherlock was ten, his favourite pastime activity after school was collecting pollen from poisonous flowers and making a catalogue out of them. One day, she caught him seconds before Sherlock was diving into a pile of monkshood with his bare hands, his little eyes glistening with wild fascination. It was a day she will not be able to forget until the day she dies.
After rattling so, Sherlock grabbed John's backpack out of his grasp and slung it over his right shoulder.
kind of pool, that either of you will get hurt."
Irene tilted her head sideways in pondering.
"...Mycroft in a relationship..."
The food was indeed delicious. Never did John know that there was another level to a simple breakfast fry-up. Toast was crisp on the crust and soft on the inside, sausage was juicy and meaty, and his fried egg was cooked just the right amount so that John could spread it all on his toast with his beans. Delicious.
