“No?” Moriarty asked rhetorically. He ignored John continued to speak. “It was said…” he murmured, softly running a hand across the rich wet dirt. “It was said that Dracula could raise an army of the dead, and allow them to walk in the daylight as he did.”
“I don’t think Mycroft’s phone was confiscated,” Sherlock said, finally, handing the device to John. From the lock screen, John could see the simple, but meaningful message: below an image of overturned piles of earth, was the word “tonight,” signed MH.
“Just one of those deaths was enough to destroy my life as I knew it. Imagine what the other sixteen of my friends’ did to me.” He added, “It wasn’t just a matter of living. Everyone was injured in some way. Some lived, but… burned.”
It didn’t take long to get Greg up to speed. Like John, he went through his own version of the stages of grief - first denial, then panic, then rapidly to acceptance. Reaching the last step was likely due to the devil-may-care attitude of John and Sherlock, who seemed to embrace going to their deaths with a compelling sense of relish. John directed them all back to Lestrade’s room to itemize their weapons, and Sherlock detoured to the hotel’s business centre to print out yet another map, this one showing a detailed layout of the vaults’ many levels.
the case to begin with. These serial murders have gone to an entirely new level, and I'm sure you two see that. A victim found alive and covered in blood? That's a nightmare. No one in my department is going to see the light of day until we've found a way to stop this. The force is officially on lockdown, which means that no one without a badge is getting their hands on any of these case files.”
John filled the ground around Sherlock’s body with soil, and cried as he did so. Not only for the death of his friend, but for all of the things he had never mourned – the loss of Mary, of the trust he had in his closest friends, in every unspoken word. The night had gone by so quickly, and he had never imagined this would be the outcome. To win, to see his friends once more, but to pay such a high price.  Finished, John threw aside the shovel, and curled around the mound of dirt. He kept one hand on the soil, directly above where he imagined Sherlock’s heart to be, and tried to block out his memories of the night.
John wasn't sure if he was supposed to laugh, or if he was being tested.
“A jogger who came by around five thirty this morning, just when the sun was coming up. Good timing on his part, for us, at least. No one had touched the crime scene yet, as far as anyone can tell. We've been able to keep photographers and the public away, too, but god knows how long that will last.” Letting out a breath of air he had been holding back, he crossed his arms and nodded towards the covered body. “You're probably going to want to take a look at that.”
“I’m not quite sure where to start,” John said, still caught of guard. He waited a moment, eyes lingering on his notepad, before starting to speak.
“Don’t come any closer, John.”
“Establish a plan,” he instructed.
By the time Molly had stopped running, Lestrade was already panting for air, and seemed as though he was one breath away from total collapse.
Charles didn’t argue, but it was clear even to Lestrade that he disagreed.
“As you wish,” George said softly as he stood. He could barely be heard by the humans in the room, but his tone of cool, measured rage was unmistakeable. In the hundreds of years George had been a vampire, he had never had to take orders from a human. Although he was willing to abide by Abraham Van Helsing’s contract, he found it deeply unsettling. As though walking on air, George swept out of the room, followed by Charles – whose emotions were made obvious by the look he gave John – and Caroline, who seemed more uncomfortable than anything else.
John glanced back at his friend as he walked towards the stairs to his bedroom. “Going to bed. Go back to studying your blood.”
“Back again?” Sherlock asked as he walked up the stairs from Mrs. Hudson's, followed by Lestrade, tossing another notebook to the stack of books at the base of his desk.
“The light’s better here,” Sherlock answered. John glanced around - the room was entirely in shade. Sherlock, dressed in a fresh suit, seemed as though he had been awake for hours.
“Mary?” He asked, growing more concerned by the moment.
The air conditioning in the train made a soft hum, clicking on just as Greg was about to nod off. He opened an eye and glanced to his right, where Molly had already fallen asleep. At least she was managing to get some rest. Mycroft's eyes were closed, but one hand was tapping on the seat to his left; not asleep either, then.
“How were you trained to fight that way?”Sherlock asked, the question that had been on his mind the entire evening coming out once again.
“I put a little of it on my neck, just in case,”John said. “I had a feeling you'd show up at Baker Street.”
“What worries you about going?” Sherlock asked, stopping in front of John at the end of the street as the pair waited for the distant lights of a cab to come closer. “You know it is the most logical decision, but you're reluctant. Why? Surely you've been worse places – and I have no doubt that we could handle ourselves.”
“Would it be imprudent to ask what you intend to do when you return home?”
“Jane,” John answered. “She's terrifying. You'll like her.”
Lestrade looked slightly put out.
“Depends what you tell me,” Lestrade answered.
After what seemed like five minutes, the door swung in. A tall man stood before them, and didn't say a word.
“That’s what’s been happening here,” John said.
“Thought the phones might be tapped,” Gabriel said with a shrug. “Better late than never. Lieutenant Gabe Richter. Nice to meet you.”
“No?” Sherlock replied, nonplussed.
John chuckled.
“You did just drink my blood. I'm sure you have thoughts on the matter,” Sherlock said, as though he were speaking about something as routine as one of their regular cases.
“I didn’t know. I was hopeful,” he said, honestly. “You had come to terms with your past. If ever there were a time that this could happen, it was now.” He held his breath as John exhaled.
John looked at his hands as he continued to speak. "No, it's definitely just a legend. What I'm trying to get at is that hunting the undead for god knows how many centuries has put my family in close contact with vampires. As you may have noticed, vampires are inherently vengeful creatures, and can hold a grudge for decades. The Van Helsings are the greatest enemies of vampires as a whole, and can count nearly every Old One and coven leader as an opponent.
“Never trust the coffee from a cheap hotel,” John said as he stood up, drinking the rest of his mug in one gulp. “It’ll make you suffer more than any vampire.”
“I know, just give me a moment,” he said, his fangs coming out unintentionally as he tried to think about other things. After a moment of silence, and Sherlock tapping his foot on the oddly sticky carpet, John tried once more to change his friend's mind.
“We might have that on them,” Sherlock said, leaning back and steepling his fingers together. “Oh, well done, John.” Sherlock’s mind raced, as he began to put the puzzle pieces of the past few months together.
When he heard footsteps overhead, Mycroft entered the living room and picked up John's gun from the coffee table, tracing the side of it with a pale finger. While not entirely inexperienced with similar weapons, he couldn't help but feel awkward slipping it into one of the silk lined pockets of his trousers.
“Have your team email me any photographs I do not already have,” Sherlock demanded, and with a quick turn on his heel, he swept out of the crime scene, stalking along the rocky beach.
“Don't bother,” Lestrade replied. “Just meet me down at the water. You may as well get him to take a look at the crime scene itself before you see the other bodies. This time the body was near the Thames, around where you found the security guard last year. You should be able to spot the team on the beach, if you look far enough along it.”
John noted to himself that it was the first time he had ever heard Sherlock offer a compliment to his brother that wasn’t backhanded.
“I’ll do what I can,” Greg replied, nodding. “It’s hard to tell them I’m expecting another attack without getting them suspicious. Do you want me to have them back you up, when the time comes?”
He received a raised eyebrow and scoff in response.
She looked through the pictures; most were of bodies, none particularly remarkable, but a few with the telltale signs of a vampire attack.
“Hold that there,” John said, as he stood and quickly walked over to the desk and began to uncap a bottle of water. He poured it into a glass, managing to spill half of it on the table, and returned to Sherlock, concern written on his face.
Sherlock smoothed out both maps, and placed them side by side. “Mycroft has come in handy, for once,” he said, exhilarated.
“Don't call the Yard. Someone in your department is involved in the murders. Lie if you have to about what you were doing here,” John ordered.
“Ah,”John said, and leaned forward on the desk. “I should have guessed.”
“Everyone is over there,” John murmured from his armchair. “Hundreds of the world’s best vampire hunters and we have access to none of them. As far as I know, they’re about to fall into a trap.” John stood and began to walk towards the kitchen, unable to stay seated for long.
Greg shrugged, and glanced at his phone on the desk. “Bit confused that I connected the case to them. I told them I got an anonymous tip. Once we got to talking about victims, though, that’s when things started falling into place.”
Lying on his bed with John, listening to the sound of London at night, he found himself perfectly at ease. The top floor of the flat had long since been repaired after the explosion, but the pair spent most of their time downstairs anyways. It seemed they wouldn’t be needing the second bedroom after all.
“Brilliant." There was a banging on the door.
Lestrade shook his head, still surprised at the situation he found himself in. “When the answer, for once, is actually ‘vampires,’ I’d imagine so.”
“About a decade ago there was a billiards table in here,” He added absently a few minutes later, frowning as he looked around the room. “We should probably do something about him,”and nodded towards the struggling vampire.
“It connects the two, which is good enough for me to justify my being here to London,” Greg said, putting down one of his folders with a sense of finality.
He slipped a thick green jumper over his shirt and turned on the television, setting it to mute as he checked the weather. Cold and overcast - the quintessential Scottish day. He reached for his gun, but remembered that the collection of gear had been left in Greg’s room. As he wasn’t sharing accommodations, it seemed fair that he would room with the crates of weaponry, charms, and - he hadn’t told Greg this - a small, battery-powered fridge. He made a mental note to remove its contents to his and Sherlock’s room.
Lestrade laughed. “Apparently, you have guests.”
John smiled for a moment at Sherlock's chuckles, then added, “Oh, I got that vampire in the morgue sorted out.”Sherlock gave him a strange look. “Speaking about... pleasant surprises.” He paused. “That was not my best segue.”
Sherlock was silent, his arms still crossed. Short of making him a hot cup of tea, John wasn’t sure what the protocol was for situations such as these.
Light from one of the dim bulbs fell on a few broken, crumbling statues in a corner of the warehouse. Farther ahead in the room, flat stones lay on the floor. Molly laughed nervously and said that the whole thing was “very Doctor Who.”
“On the night I went to find Mycroft in his Kensington office – to discuss the coming war, and to sway him to our side – I sensed the presence of another vampire. I could feel him on the other side of the building, feel his power equal to mine. Yet I did not know him. I knew he was there for the same reason that I was.”
Hours later, he was awoken by a pounding in his head. As he pulled himself to an upright position, he found that he was in almost the exact same position that he had fallen asleep in. He glanced at his watch: seven o’clock. Dusk. If it weren’t for the wrinkles set in his suit, which he never had time to change out of, Mycroft wouldn’t have noticed the change in time.
John turned, and Mycroft led the way to the door.
“Perhaps so,” Sherlock agreed grudgingly. “Hotter-colder it is. Your ideas don’t tend to bounce.”
“I didn’t bother to ask – I must be used to this sort of thing – why were you rigging the flat with explosives?” John said as he pushed open the front door and began to take off his coat. The floor above was quiet, save for what sounded like Lestrade speaking to someone.
“Which, I should point out, you're taking remarkably well,” John said. “That, and learning that vampires exist. I shouldn't have expected you to panic.”
“No?”
“Relics,” John noted. “Important to vampire history the same way relics of saints, or pieces of the cross are to Christians. The difference of course being that ours are legitimate.”
“No,” John said, “Vampires don’t decay, and they don’t generally bother burying the humans they kill.” He ran his flashlight over the ground once more. “If there were a body here, we’d see it.”
John nodded at Mycroft, hoping he would take the hint to get back to a hotel before dawn. The man slipped the sheet of paper into his breast pocket and began walking towards the car, followed by Molly.
“Sorry,” John said. “You need to blend in if you're going to come with me. You don't have to.”
Sherlock glanced at him, stone-faced.
“What?” He said, head turning quickly and his brow furrowing.
John began the trek back to the center of the base, and was just rounding the corner when an explosion behind him brought him to his hands and knees. Baffled, he turned to see the mess hall engulfed in flames. Before he quite took in the sight before him, another explosion followed, this time taking down a storage warehouse.  John watched with horror as the building, collapsing sideways, began to veer into the base hospital beside it. Like the bell tower, the demolition was controlled - someone had planted the explosives. As though on cue, John heard every building near him thunder with the sound of breaking glass. Before he could think of running, he was pelted with shards, and a final explosive blast pushed him onto his back. John felt himself lose consciousness, seemingly momentarily, but when he sat up he saw that the base had been leveled; ashes thick like fog spiraled across the scorched earth in front of him.
“I mean, it’s terrible, and my mother will be unhappy, but it’s a great plan. Mycroft thrives under pressure, certainly better than anyone else I’ve ever met. I'm sure he'll be able to track down our opponents without much trouble - they aren't exactly keeping to themselves.”
Opening his eyes again, John began to walk upstairs. Fortunately, he didn't find Sherlock waiting for him at the door. Staying out of the line of sight of Sherlock's usual seat in the kitchen, he made his way to the sofa and found himself collapsing onto it rather unwillingly. All of the fight gone from him, John lay on his stomach, face pressed into a cushion, and a few limbs hanging off the side of the sofa. He tried to let his mind go blank. He was unsuccessful, and after some time, exhaled with what Sherlock – who had watched him return to the flat, and purposely ducked into the kitchen when he came upstairs – would have described as either a soft growl or an expletive. He couldn't be sure.
,” John said, baring his fangs at Charles and emphasizing each word. John didn’t notice when the fangs had come out to begin with, but he realized that he appeared more menacing than intended.
“Killing innocent humans? Drinking your way through London? Which part?” John asked, exasperated, and Sherlock shot him a warning look. It was an expression that said ‘cool the sarcasm.’
Distracted, he wrestled with the creature - a heavyset woman of about sixty, more muscular than John would expect - finding himself unable to pin the vampire down as she gained speed and confidence in her newly powerful body. Reluctantly, as he felt himself pushed onto his back, John pulled one of the thinner chains of silver and wrapped it around her neck, garroting her and allowing him to turn her over. Being so recently deceased, when John watched the consciousness leave her eyes, she didn’t dissolve or turn to ash - she simply looked human once more, freed from the hell of immortality under a cruel master.
somehow less competent than The Met's police officers? Who authorized this?” He turned  back on Lestrade, who was already looking weary.
George spoke softly to John, and although neither Sherlock nor Lestrade heard what he said, they gathered it was something dismissive.
“Sexuality, it’s a, um – I think it’s a continuum,” John said, fumbling for words. He stood upright and banged a fist on the wall behind him. “All right, well then. Let’s go.”
She didn’t shake, though the night was chilly and she wasn’t wearing more than a thin cotton dress and pair of trainers. Almost by instinct, he tried to sense her heartbeat - couldn’t. In that moment, John was unsure if he would even be able to locate his own - it was as though the earth stopped spinning, and for a moment, all that existed beyond the rooftop seemed to disappear.
Leaning over the side of the bed, Sherlock reached into the pocket of his jacket on the floor and pulled out a small, inoffensive bottle of lubricant.
Moriarty cracked the bones of his neck as he turned to face Sherlock in his reptilian fashion.
“I got that, but what do you mean 'two'? What about all of the other people who have died?”
“My mind. ”
The two continued to walk, until Sherlock remembered the thought that he had pressed to the back of his mind. “About last night,” he began. John glanced at him, then back to the road.
Sherlock sighed. “They weren't
“Where are you and Sherlock going?” Molly asked.
“It makes a bit more sense than us just hanging around a blood bank for the hell of it, doesn't it?”
John recalled every moment of the day he left the army very clearly, and explained so to Sherlock and Greg. He remembered going directly overseas after his schooling, so young and ready to prove himself. The regiment he had joined was one dedicated to fighting vampires, a joint effort between several European and North American militaries. Although it was a quiet program, and did not exist in any official paperwork, it was where a number of armies’ best and brightest were sent.
John turned around at Sherlock’s warning, and noticed the crowd of pale vampires, licking their lips and baring their fangs as they came closer. John tried to weigh his options and figure out what path would cause the least damage. Although the newborn vampires would obey their master implicitly, they didn’t have more than an instinctual ability to fight. Beyond that, they had just woken up - they were still slow and disoriented. John, to his credit, had both instinct and training. He was reluctant to harm any of the newborns - it wasn’t their fault Harker and Moriarty had been able to kill and turn them - but he also couldn’t knew their allegiance was to an enemy, whether they liked it or not. In the pit of his stomach, he knew this was the Mary problem all over again.
Gabriel wiped the stake on his fatigues. “Damn right. What’s next, Captain?”
John turned from the window and leaned back on the chair across from Sherlock. “To Holmes.”
“Is that really what you want?” Mycroft's silence gave his answer and John sighed. "No. I've lost too many people already. It's not a death sentence, you know, all of this.”
Mycroft, unamused, didn't acknowledge him. “I'm aware that you believe you saw something -”
“Maybe, maybe not,” John answered. “I'm not sure. It could have just been chance that you were made into a vampire when you were.”A few more minutes passed in silence before John spoke again. “It could be nothing. I could be wrong, and god knows I hope I am, but I should have noticed this before. Whoever's managed to pull this off without any great consequences is either going to be powerful or insane.”
John, who was staring intently at the cushion of the chair whose back he was gripping, stared blankly back at him, unsure if he was serious.
John gestured at Sherlock’s phone. “That picture, that was a lot of graves. Vampire graves,” His mind raced.
The silence, for Sherlock anyways, felt stifling. He was far too used to being instantly gratified by information, able to deduce the things he wasn’t told directly. However, in this case, he did not have enough raw data to make sense of everything that was happening, genius-level analytical abilities notwithstanding.
Sherlock looked up from his phone and gestured towards a narrow laneway between two of the houses to their left. “Through there.” John had to step back slightly to notice where Sherlock was pointing; though it became obvious once he had looked at it for a few moments, the space between the two buildings was nearly imperceptible at first glance.
Lestrade tilted his head as he considered this, and Sherlock finally spoke, a wry smile on his lips. “In this comparison, you’re the Queen?”
“Done and done,” Jane replied.
“Hemlock?”
Sherlock turned his gaze on John, nearly baring his teeth as he spoke. “'Makes sense?' Being thrown off the case we've spent weeks on because someone has decided that
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him in response. “I’m quite confident that I’ll be fine.”
“Time to go, apparently,” Sherlock said, and made his way to the door. John waved to the still-chained vampire, and followed Sherlock. The pair opened the door, smiled quickly at the club employee who was waiting outside, and began to move as quickly to the exit as they could. Fifteen seconds later, before anyone in the bar was quite sure of what had happened, John and Sherlock were out the door.
“Any different from usual?”Sherlock asked. John assumed he meant the taste.
“Am I? Odd.” The DI didn’t even notice the wrong name being used.  “About damn time,” he added, barely audible.
John nodded, looking back at Sherlock.
“You going to get them to start patrolling the city?” John suggested.
The remainder of the afternoon was spent the same way every afternoon the previous few weeks had been. John would analyze crime scene photographs, and Sherlock would stare at slides of blood and fibres found on the bodies; occasionally one or both of them would add a theory to the running list that currently covered seven pages of a notebook, which lay in the middle of their breakfast table. Sherlock, more than once, described them as 'unusually inefficient' – a phrase he had directed only at his doctor, but John had expanded to include Sherlock as well.
George pulled a map from his bag, and handed it to John. Sherlock came closer to John and peered over his shoulder as he unfolded the map. On it, different cities in Hungary and Romania were circled. John raised an eyebrow and looked at George questioningly.
Gabriel glanced at John, eyebrow raised. “You’re not shooting to kill tonight?”
“You... That's not possible, Mycroft,” John said, straightening up and crossing his arms again. “Someone had to have turned you.”
“Then do not,” the voice in the darkness answered. “Fight against it.”
As though on cue, the door behind them closed and latched. The pair spun around, but saw only a flash of black. Were it not for that, they may have written it off as wind.
In a final act of self preservation, John, limping, managed to stand and turn back to face the entrance to the camp. He remembered how excited he was to arrive the first time, to be driven through the gates with the knowledge that it would be his to protect and govern. Now, watching it burn through a wall of heat and flame, he felt that dream turn to ash. Shrapnel, propelled by intermittent explosions, continued to whip across the air, and though John knew it would be wise to back away, he walked forward. When the first warped projectile struck his leg, he hardly noticed. It was only when a piece of thick glass struck his abdomen that he finally fell to his knees.
She looked back at him, her smile fixed on her face. Without raising his voice, she knew he had issued a challenge.
“Did they destroy everything?” Sherlock asked.
“Terrific,” John said with a groan. “I was beginning to think we’d followed the wrong coordinates, and the barn was just a strange coincidence.” He knelt down picked up another candle, turning it over before tossing it aside. Sherlock continued his survey of the dirt, as John began to brush dirt off of a nearby rock.
“Maybe you should take a look at these,” the doctor said, turning around to face his friend. “Could be interesting.” He ignored the unamused look that was levelled at him before he had even finished speaking. “Just... for me, all right? And I'm sure Molly'd appreciate it, after what you did with her toes.”
“Useless,” John murmured as he pulled a sweater on overtop of his shirt.
John’s voice was immediately cut off as a hand burst from the ground and grabbed him by the neck, pinning him to the ground. As he gasped, the body attached to the pale arm rose above the dirt and pulled him closer. The creature, whose fangs dripped blood from its blackened gums, gradually freed itself.
The group’s thoughts were interrupted by a loud ringtone, and Greg nearly jumped as his coat pocket began to vibrate.
“Do you enjoy having to replace your identification every week?”
Molly was more lost than ever.
Moriarty smiled benevolently. “The day vampires take back the earth.”
John sighed, shook his head, and reached for the pen he had put down, uncapping it as he leaned back in his chair. “I had a colleague of mine at the hospital remove the clothes and what was left of the body. I've been told it just looks like someone dropped a bag of blood. Not great, but it won't raise as many questions as a vampire corpse. So, that's one sorted. I think Molly's finally fallen asleep, too – I talked to her a bit, explained vampires and the murders, and the war, that whole story.”
“The last time I saw him,” John said, continuing, “He was carrying a book. A grimoire, about the same age as the Book. If you weren’t sure how the vaults were organized, and were using my godawful notes to find anything, it would be easy to mistake the two.”
“He left me for dead,” John said, finally looking up at Sherlock. “Couldn’t have been bothered to put a bullet in me properly, that’s how hopeless I looked. For all his hatred, I think what he disliked most was being under orders to kill me. He’d be happy to do it, but only if he were doing it of his own volition.”
“No idea,” John replied, shrugging. “The city’s alive, for one thing - vibrating with supernatural energy. I can’t place it, though.”
“Oh, fine,” Greg said, reluctantly taking charge of the conversation while glancing at the other two men. “Just talking about murder. How are you?”
John nodded. “In that cemetery in Swansea? It was the only one available on short notice.”
As though expecting him to ask, John replied immediately. “On our side? Fifteen men, two vampires.” After a pause, he added, “On theirs, fifty-one.” He didn’t need to time to remember the number; that was etched on every part of him, down to the smallest cell. It was knowing what his best friend would say that gave him pause.
“You've come out of this remarkably unscathed,” he observed.
“Diplomacy,” Sherlock said flatly.
Jane sat down again and rested her elbows on the table, watching as the group left and the door swung shut. She poured herself another glass of blood and sipped it thoughtfully, considering the task that John would be undertaking. Just as she came to the end of her drink, she heard a creak, and had the unmistakeable feeling of someone watching her. She turned in her seat and tapped her fingers on the side of her glass.
“It’s nice to have a plan of attack,” John replied. “Speaking of. What are you doing today? I’m taking Sherlock around the city to see if he spots anything out of the ordinary.”
“What?” John said, even before Sherlock.
John smiled, and pulled Sherlock closer. They would have a great deal of trouble in the hours ahead, but this moment was theirs alone.
Still on the ground, John looked up. Dazed by shock, John could see the battle more clearly and more dispassionately than ever before. He could see his remaining soldiers - minus the two killed by Sebastian, and one who had been taken down by several newborns - finally overpowering their opponents. Westenra was unconscious, but breathing, clearly knocked over by Sebastian, who himself was now engaged in hand-to-hand combat with Arturo. Perhaps he hadn’t noticed Moriarty dying.
“I was the head of an extensive military installation, I wasn’t a total moron. I didn’t share every piece of information that my security clearance gave me, though I did tell Sebastian a damn sight more than I should have.” John glanced at Sherlock. “I was the only one who knew the way down to where we kept the oldest texts, artifacts and whatnot. I was also the only one with the door code. So, when the goddamn band of reprobates trashed the majority of our weapons and the still-important, less-integral information stored aboveground and in the first two basements, they figured they’d gotten it all.”
He paused, and could hear footsteps approaching his room. By the time Molly’s first knock had only just made contact with his door, he was already welcoming her in. Slightly flustered, she entered, and looked back to welcome Greg in as well.
“Stay awhile, won’t you?” Moriarty teased as he entered the cavern, looking much the same as he did the last time they saw him. With a wave of his hand, the vampires before him began systematically pulling the coats off the men in front of him, tossing their weapons well away.
“Do you really imagine your team has any hope whatsoever of catching the killer?”
“Ready?” Sherlock asked.
"I'm impressed. He seems to be so rarely inclined to perform charitable acts." Sherlock purposely moved one of his books with more force than was necessary.
“I guess that’s where we’re heading,” Greg said, smiling.
“My family wasn't the only one that changed its name. The Harker family did as well.”
at the softly yawning man behind him.
Standing in front of what appeared to be an empty field bordered by a cheap chain-link fence, Greg was the first to break the silence.
“And death? Forty percent, correct?”
“That’s enough to make anyone willing to play follow-the-leader, blind or not,” she added.
John’s fangs popped out, and almost by instinct he leaned closer to Sherlock. On cue, Sherlock twisted to the side and urged John’s mouth closer; pain mingled with pleasure as John drank from Sherlock once more, climaxing as he did so. Not long after, Sherlock followed suit between their warm bodies, tired from the exertion. Slowly, John pulled away, much to Sherlock’s distaste, but quickly returned to his side.
“Thanks for taking the time to tell us. Good luck, Greg,” John said, trying to force a smile, and barely managing.
“We’ll put them back in place, and call them when they’re needed,” Harker said with a tone of finality, as Moriarty picked up a clipboard and began marking off vampires.
“I really though it was a good sign, when I moved in with you,” John said quietly, shaking his head as he shut his phone off. “Your name – what were the chances? I thought it would have been good luck.”
His eyes flickered to the little text he had received from his brother only moments before.
They obeyed anyway.
She had shut down; he could see it in her darkened eyes, in the way her face became blank of all anger. She was done. She turned on her heels and retreated back into her room, and just as he opened the door, he heard hers close with a quiet click.
He briefly thought back to John's lithe figure, the curve of his back and broadness of his shoulders, the force behind the punch he threw and the quiver of his bottom lip, but he immediately stopped his train of thought before it could go any further, into how John had looked when he showed up at his door, grey eyes wide and betrayed, furious, and most of all,
“There are two of them.” Anderson said, his voice tightening as he stood up to reach for the paper that had slid slowly out of the printer, his posture rigid, defensive, guilty all over again, “There are the ones that openly hate Doctor Watson and aren’t afraid to speak it, and the ones that pretend they don’t and laughingly point out his flaws. They say they like him, but the way they tear into him...”
eyes ever again, not ever, not even in his mind.
Fingers shaking, she picked up her phone anyway, because it could be
"Well, it could be important."
He carefully brought out his mobile; what else was there to do? He needed more data. Setting John on fire was surely too much, even for his rabid fans. Would John glare at him for it? He had never done so before, but-
He hasn't spoken to her yet - he didn't offer, and she didn't ask. But dammit, she hoped he did. She hoped there was someone who took care of him- Johnny had always been so bad at taking care of himself, too busy with everyone else, and some days, it would overwhelm him, disorientate him. Some days it caught up to him, and she'd seen that too.
as if they were his friends, as if they knew him as well as John knew him. His lips curled in a sneer -
fond of the little doctor, he would keep his appalling blog clean for him.
He almost laughed at the state they were in now - tattered and torn apart, one shot and the other disgraced.
"John!"
"Sherlock, are you in my office-"
Colin Morgan as William.
They're just about the only reason he comes in to work instead of staring listlessly out his bedroom window.
... ... ...
that follows... it betrays him, that he would’ve swallowed them down if he could, even if Sherlock had not turned to speak.
She wondered if he'd called that detective of his, wondered if there was anyone at all who was worried about where he went, worried about
“You know how to make tea?” John murmurs, rusted amusement bleeding from his cracked lips. It’s almost warm, almost
. . .
"What-!"
“Yes.” he says firmly, his head bent as he releases Mrs. Hudson’s crockery on the island. It seems wrong to turn his back towards John, but maybe he will appreciate the gesture? It has been known to work. “I do.”
She could remember precisely how that order had went down, remember how taken aback she had felt hearing the alien fury from her father's throat, could remember stomping back upstairs, only to dither at the door of her brother's room. She'd slowly opened the door, pushing her head through the space, her hands gently on the doorknob to keep it still.
She drew herself from her thoughts, echoing the question in her head a good three times before she understood what he was asking of her.
He stared back at them silently, pale irises fixed somewhere between them. His arms were crossed over his chest, his fingers curled around his biceps. They seem to be twitching slightly. She wondered if he had that habit before he disappeared, if that was why he kept his hands in his coat - behind his back. She wondered at the scars she had seen across his bicep, at the way John had glanced away when he caught sight of them, looking both furious and sorry.
"It's not any of your... admirers."
Slow, shuffling footsteps come to a halt across the coffee table, John’s arm held outstretched to rest along the head of his old armchair. If Sherlock were less of a- if he were brave enough- and it’s- John has always made him want to be brave, but there’s another thing that’s changed; he feels small instead.
It was over far too quickly.
never liked shouting. She would turn wide-eyed, guard up and ready to run.
“It’ll be raining.” Sherlock muttered, brushing past her as he tucked his mobile into his pocket.
She doesn’t want to be here, John would bet all he has left that it’s true.
"Do you wanna have take-away?"
John’s eyes shuttered, then he shook his head minutely, turning to his detective, “I wrote a note.” He said, as if reprimanding a child.
The tea is somewhat done – he has no patience to wait longer. He turns on balls of his feet, smile plastered wide to his face as he brings it quickly towards John, who stands
(See the end of the chapter for
he clipped out, stepping closer towards the very happily married man, his fingers reaching forward quickly to clench tightly around the man’s thick wrist, and if he knew the force was too much, knew that it would bruise...
Three days. It was a different person each time. Sometimes, the words were typed, and he hadn't a clue whether or not it was the same person who typed out these things if he hadn't been able to distinguish between their writing styles.
No one in the group dared to speak. Mycroft, without a heartbeat or breath to disturb him, was more still than anyone else.
“And it didn't occur to you to ask your maker what to do if you needed to drink?”
To his credit, John didn’t rush or stop the detective, merely followed his lead with equal enthusiasm until the pair had shed their clothes in a pile around John’s bed, and the doctor was pressed back into the crumpled hotel linens. John, now as hard as his younger friend, wrapped a leg behind Sherlock’s, bringing his body closer so he could trace a hand down Sherlock’s back, feeling the indentation of each spine, the soft valleys of his ribs. His manhood, wet with excitement, met the soft hairs of Sherlock’s stomach and John, feeling more peaceful than he had in years, felt all worries about that evening drift away.
“Smells wet,” Greg noted.
Molly continued, “The gentleman Sherlock arranged the train through has also booked us a porter service in the train station. They can deliver everything there for you.”
Sherlock looked towards him, and answered with a kiss. “This is very much ‘okay.’”
There was silence in the train car. Small towns and rolling hills whipped past the window, everything cold and peaceful under the streetlights.
Supplies sorted out and en-route to the hotel, Sherlock and John exited the train station on to Princes Street and began walking east, taking a left onto Leith. After ten minutes of solo concentration, Sherlock finally spoke.
He looked so thin and small.
"I meant that i haven't seen John recently, is he, uh, coming to crime scenes again? Not that Molly isn't a good substitute-"
begins to say, “This is why I-” his face softens, struggles between anger and remorse, “You have no
"The two of you, stop it." Harriet interrupted loudly, an ugly sneer pulling her lips when they turned towards her irritably. Her glower was vicious, though her arms were crossed again. She swept her hair from her shoulders as she pulled herself to her feet, pulling three crumpled bills from her pocket to slam on the flowery print of the table. "Since none of us are hungry," she spit. "We're leaving, before we get thrown out."
“Right.”
The smile faded slightly.
They've found him, he thought, his heart sinking, even here.
William exhaled slowly through his mouth, running a pale hand through his hair irately, "We can't just throw it away." he said with a small frown pulling at one side of his lips, "What do we tell him if it's not what we think it is? 'Sorry, John, we opened your mail because we thought you were being harrassed.' He'd never trust us again."
Christ, but did the detective looked a sight in morning light, softened around the edges.
What was she doing?
The “
Harriet is trying, and Sherlock will fix what he had with John, no matter the route.
The forums would be a good place to start.
He rolled his eyes, his attention breaking away for a moment to fish his mobile from his pocket.
“I can deal. I’m
A fury started in his chest.
There is a rush of noise as the door to 221C opens;
He should have done away with them entirely instead of letting their poisonous words sink into John’s skin.
Twice now, he'd seen his soldier go downstairs to pick up the letter that would undoubtedly be sitting on the mat, first thing in the morning, so no one else would take it. He had entertained the thought of taking it for himself, yet Mycroft's words stilled him. His brother was (smart-
He'd get rid of them both.
It was startlingly pathetic, how they would burn something someone had worked so hard on, how they would put so much effort into telling the world something that no one actually cared about. It was as if they couldn't see how they were embarrassing themselves by being so childishly petty, couldn't see how they were bringing their group a bad name despite their general insistence -
"Just put it with the others." Nadia interrupted her, well used to her temperament, cutting off her rising irritation calmly as she turned her chair around to face William, pushing the letter towards him with two fingers gingerly, "If he asks for them, we'll give it."
“Tea?” he offers.
"It's okay, John, we're calling Sherlock."
Something crashed into his door - he jerked back into the headboard of his bed, his heart determined to leap from his throat - locked and groaning under pressure.
“Undead… All right. Between this and ‘band of reprobates’ you have to have roped me into the world’s worst practical joke.”
for a living. No one dies, you get to move on with your existence, and I don't have to come back and kill you.” John pointed at himself. “Everyone wins, except for the people you've already killed. I'm still not sure how I'm going to sort that one out; I'm half tempted to leave it to you, if you can promise you're not going to overlook the victims' families.”
“Brilliant,” he said, looking back at the corpse on the floor. As John realized what she meant, he looked up at Sherlock, who added, “In the worst possible way?” To the end of his exclamation. He was beginning to predict when John was about to mutter 'not good.'
John raced out of the room, just barely remembering to pull out some stakes, a bulletproof vest to hold them, and another gun and holster from the storeroom. As he barreled out onto the stairwell, he reconsidered his options, and went back into the weapons cupboard. This time, he tried to think things through thoroughly and chose his weapons a bit more logically. He changed out his second handgun for a sniper rifle, then slipped a pair of silver-lined gloves into his back pocket. This time, when he took off running for the stairwell, he felt like he was a bit more in control. Turning in the opposite direction he came, he headed upstairs, loading the gun as he went. At least on the rooftop he could make the most of his rifle.
“Right. I imagine you have a lot of quetions, but there are some things I need to get out of the way.” He glanced at the time on the clock and began. “First I need to say that what you saw tonight was not something I enjoyed. Killing vampires is not a habit I keep, anyone who knew me back in my army days would be the first to tell you that. Occasionally, though, it's necessary. The vampires you saw tonight weren't...” He searched for the right word.“Whole. They were incomplete. The process of turning someone – correctly – involves the body, mind, and soul of the maker. It takes concentration and a great deal of care in order to get it right, to build a creature that will be able to live through centuries. The mass production that's going on right now isn't producing true vampires – it's just weaponizing walking corpses. Under the control of a superior, they could be directed to kill you, and they would. Without remorse or a second thought, because they've lost so much of who they were in life. I killed them out of mercy, more than anything else, not a desire to hurt anyone.”
John and Sherlock stared at the separated parts of the decapitated corpse in silence, until the sharp ringing of John’s mobile phone brought them back to reality. John glanced at the caller ID, then immediately picked up.
“He’s given me his blood, John,” Mary murmured, reading his expression. Her hands shook as she touched her neck gingerly. Raw holes, recently cut into her skin, hadn’t healed yet, John noted with horror. She was still too new a vampire.
John leaned forward, breathing softly, his eyes barely moving from the throat. Sherlock's voice was distant in his ears, and he could hear the gentle thrum of blood in his head. Pausing, he looked farther down the body, and reached out for the shoulder. He ran a hand over the cold flesh, pressing down with his index finger as he did. “Dislocated,” he said quietly.
Greg made a quiet noise of disagreement. “I don’t mean to point out the obvious here - god knows I’m the most confused person in this train car - but, John, it seems pretty clear. Tom and Sebastian were clearly working together then, and Tom was involved in the murders now. Seems pretty clear they’re linked.”
Sherlock and Greg followed him, and with varying levels of enthusiasm, passed through the wall as well, Greg with his eyes closed. Once through, they looked back - the wall clearly no longer existed. As their eyes adjusted to the darkness, they saw one remaining passageway. John progressed forward down the newly revealed hall towards yet another wood door, this one covered with wrought silver symbols across its face. It took a surprisingly long while to reach, and by the time they came close enough to touch it, they were several flights lower than where they had begun.
“Sebastian!” He yelled, walking away from Jane, rage evident in his eyes. The other man continued walking away from him, ignoring his cries. Confused and hurt, John looked away from his friend and immediately spotted a more interesting target. Alone amongst the fighting groups, a red-headed young woman waved coyly at him. She was neither a woman or young, John knew - Sylvia had been Tom’s mate since the mid-forties. It was immediately clear that this was Tom’s final jab, leaving John such temptation. She was not, after all, attacking anyone on the base - simply observing. However, Tom had quite seriously overestimated John’s willingness to adhere to his own moral code. Though he was typically compassionate, today was an exception. Instead, his first thought was simply that Tom had been unwise to leave his mate unattended. He took off running after her, and gleefully she led him across the complex.  Jane, watching him run, was baffled.
“Speaking of,” John said, muttering. He turned to the side, exhaled slowly, and with a click the fangs retracted. He turned back to the group, taking a step forward. “Sorry. It's harder to control under stress.”Coming within a few feet of Lestrade, he noticed the detective inspector flinch, and immediately backed away.
“That was twice,” John corrected.
It was difficult for the others to disagree. The field was, by all accounts, bare. Sparse grass dotted the flat square of land, which was fairly large. However, there was nothing to be seen – even the litter pressed against the edges of the fence seemed ordinary. Molly was about to consult her map, but Mycroft spoke first.
“Tell me you guys have a plan,” Molly said, clearly worried.
Jonathan offered what could possibly be considered a hint of a smile. “Reminding humans of the need to destroy vampirism, of course.”
“Do I need to know why?”
Once in arm's reach, he tapped the man's shoulder. The figure, who had moments earlier been staring moodily out at the other patrons in the bar, immediately stiffened, turning to John with unexpected rage as he stood. Incredibly fast, he pushed through those around him to get a hand on John's shirt. John, having spent years dealing not only with vampires, but with young, volatile men in the army, recognized his posture and with his half-second head start was able to duck before the fist that swung at his head made contact. The hand, which barely missed him, instead hit the stone wall, breaking off chips of rock.
“Warehouse locations. Thought you may want to check them out, as I haven't gotten around to it yet.”
Sherlock recalled the last time he had called emotion – what was it? – grit on the lens. That conversation with John seemed a lifetime away. It had occurred to him recently that if he wanted to be the cold, calculating machine he had so hoped to become a short while earlier, he now had enough control over his emotions that he could make that wish a reality. However, opened up to the possibility that he had an eternity to live, explore, and love, he wanted nothing more than to experience everything the world had to offer. If Sherlock then could see Sherlock now, one leg between his flatmate’s thighs, he imagined ‘emotion’ would be the least of his concerns. Interrupting this line of thought, John spoke again.
Sherlock, quiet up until that point, put down the train ticket he had been fiddling with. “How did you survive?”
“So you’re trying to build an army, then?” John asked.
After a second, two vampires entered the alley and walked to either side of John, eyes darting towards his neck as they hissed. One moved to bite John, but was met with a blade to the arm as John moved quickly to the side. A brief burst of steam appeared from the cut as the silver stung the skin of the vampire, who appeared surprised to have missed. The other, taking its chance while John was distracted, swept an arm at the knife in John's hand, causing the weapon to fly to the ground many meters in front of them. Allowing the force of the hit to spin him, John caught his balance quickly and kicked the vampire away from him, sending him flying backwards into a stack of crates at the side of the alley, and near the three men who were waiting. Behind them, a female vampire walked to the group, running inhumanly fast to Sherlock and pulling him forward. Immediately, he shot her with John's gun, just as Lestrade did the same to the vampire that was pulling itself up out of a pile of broken boxes. Although the shots fired into the vampires stopped them, it was not enough to still them completely.
“I was a fast friend of your grandfather, John,” Harker murmured as he turned from the desk and began to walk along the graves, making his last preparations. “And I know you take pride in your lineage as a hunter. In time, you’ll come to see that this was a boon to humanity.”
“Tomorrow evening,” he stated. He glanced at the map, and closed the laptop with the tips of his right hand. “We’ll begin looking then.”
George didn’t speak.
“Fuck,” he said, monotone.
In seconds, John found himself pushed against the wall, pinned with Mycroft's forearm against his throat and his nails digging into one of his arms. “Do not dare to even think about telling my brother.” He pushed forward, seething as he stared down at John's face a breath away. His fangs came out and the edges of his lips raised enough to make them visible.
“Yes, it was,” John said, walking over the body, which was quickly expelling dark, stagnant blood. He lifted the crossbow from Molly's hands, setting it aside. Before he could say anything else to her, Sherlock was at his side, pulling her away from him, and turning her so she wasn't facing the vampire's body.
John groaned despite himself and turned away again, his voice muffled by the cushion beneath him.
Soon, they reached a corridor, this one far from the central line of vaults they had been following, and Sherlock stopped. “I think it’s through that wall, then north.”
“Hope you guys weren’t taking a nap,” he said, cheerful, “I’ve got Edinburgh and London working together. Everyone’s thrilled to see another piece of the puzzle.”
“Ah, the defining trait of vampires,” Molly said, smiling. “Height.”
“Nothing has changed!” Jonathan yelled back. “Vampires and humans are not compatible - will not be, cannot be. And I will ensure it.”
Mycroft hummed. “Assuming it's not a work of fiction, why write an account of a vampire hunt?”
“Mycroft?” Molly called out, turning slowly. She walked to Greg’s side and pushed aside a rock with her foot. “I don’t see anything.”
In the intervening time between unloading what little luggage they had – two discreet, black boxes that contained a few weapons lent by John – and sundown, the group had managed to put together the bones of a plan. Mycroft had booked them a room at a hotel that barely stood out from the buildings that surrounded it, and the room he chose was in the centre of the building, on a floor that sounded completely empty. Lestrade and Molly hadn’t realized how unnerving it felt to be in a hotel room without windows until they were in one; Mycroft didn’t even appear to notice.
“That should do it,” Lestrade said, feeling rather guilty about how impressed he was.
“Oh,” John said, pondering his answer. “It was fine, I guess. Fine. I mean, you tasted nice,” he said. Noting Sherlock's smirk, his eyes widened as he repeated the words he had said back to himself. “That... may not be something I ever thought I'd have to say.”John flushed; partially from embarrassment, partially from the feeling of strength that was flooding him. Fresh blood was not something he indulged in often, and his body didn't protest it.
John gaped and then looked away.
John had arrived in Egypt for extended training with little other than his mother and father’s stories about the wars they had fought in. He had traveled with his parents and killed a good number of vampires before he had even learned how to drive (it was an obligatory element of being a Van Helsing, after all), but the training he learned in Egypt was different. His medical education was accelerated, and his skills developed rapidly as he found himself constantly healing his fellow soldiers.
It was always more difficult to sense the movement of a creature without a heartbeat, and she tried to plan ahead. In the distance, she could sense a dull thud – human, without a doubt. Frightened, perhaps, certainly waiting in anticipation. The Captain must have brought friends.
Sherlock glanced over at Greg, who had finally given in to unconsciousness; he wondered how hard the DI had been hit. He tried to rush Moriarty’s monologuing along.  “And the third, fairy dust?”
The moment Sherlock and John received the call from Lestrade, they set out. With some reluctance, they closed the barn and hoped for the best; John made a note to come back when he had more free time and ensure that everything that was dead in the building stayed that way.
“Oh.”John wasn't sure what to say. He wasn't quite prepared to unpack Sherlock's words – he didn't even have the time – but he knew that his friend was all right. Seemingly unscarred by the event, in any case.
John walked over to one of the crates and reached inside, pulling out his everyday gun and brushing off some of the dust that had gathered on it during transit. “How did the police here take things?”
“You're that car thief,” he said. “You got out of your cell that night, we never found you.”
Sherlock nodded and put the paper down, considering those addresses as well as the theories he was privately working on. “You may notice that we're no longer standing outside.”
“Of course not,” John said simply. “They don’t take your calls. They’ll take mine.”
“Two unexplainable murders? That's the kind of thing everyone on the team is fine letting Sherlock sort out, however much they complain. Something like this, though? This is violent and bloody.  If this gets out in the media, every paper is going to go insane.”
Sherlock pulled John back into reality as he gestured towards the desk in the center of the room. “Moriarty’s got Sebastian up again,” he said, pointing to the vampire who had just fed the tall marksman some of his blood. Enough to wake him up and give him an edge. Moriarty’s smile seemed to indicate that he was having the time of his life, even in spite of the abandonment of his master.
“Six,” Jane answered, correcting him. “You don't call, you don't write... I've had half the damn unit on my arse trying to find out where you'd gone, or if you were even alive, and I couldn't get your number until you texted me.”
“Leave it,” Sherlock said, standing up.
John raised a finger. “That,” he whispered. Sherlock could now hear it too. In the distance, coming towards the door they had left open, was the scraping noise of a single, sharp point dragging along the steel panels of the hallway. A fingernail.
“Closed down,” Sherlock repeated.
He unfolded the paper and read the page of addresses. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at them. “This is...”
After he had made himself breakfast, John began to gather the work they had done on the case into a box, and sipped his tea while he looked at his miserable friend. He wasn't pleased to be off the case, but he wasn't taking it the way that Sherlock was. To Sherlock, it wasn't just a project, or a mystery to be solved – it was
Sherlock and John gave themselves time to breathe, and the vampire time to calm down.
“No, John, sorry. Even with all the information I have access to here, it’s not enough. I do have some good news, though,” she said, brightening up. “I’ve booked a nice hotel for you three in walking distance to the train station. There’s a police station close by, Greg, if you want to check in there.”
“Found anything?” Greg asked, looking up from his own work - John wasn’t sure, but it looked like he was writing down intersections. Hopefully, John thought, so that he could post police guards near the bridge.
about?” Lestrade asked, walking over to the windows and pushing aside several layers of drapes. He watched as the vampires, covered by heavy fabrics and umbrellas, stepped into the car that had originally brought himself and Molly back into London. As soon as their vehicle was out of sight, Lestrade turned back to John.
“He turned Mycroft himself,” Moriarty said, glancing over at John. John was confused, but didn’t take the bait.
John cleared his throat and pulled his phone from his shirt pocket, and Jane turned to look at him. “I have a few pictures to show you,” the doctor said, flicking to the correct screen and handing it to Jane.
“Yep,” John said, standing up and shaking his jacket out, covering the sidearm on his waist. “Is the map still open on your phone?”
John realized that his side hadn’t suffered too many losses, until he saw a bullet pass through the chest of one of his officers - Andrews, he saw with a shock, a man he had shared a dorm room with in his early years in the military. To watch him bleed out here, under a populated city, staggered John. Before he could grasp that one of the men who had willingly volunteered to help him had been killed in the course of action, he saw another bullet land directly in the head of one of the base’s head doctors. She was a seasoned fighter and, John recalled, a mother of two.
“Your new cologne,” Sherlock said, his voice appearing to surprise even him when he spoke. “I – it's nice.”
Pushed over the edge by the warmth and sheer
Sherlock pondered this. “As exciting as it would be to irritate Anderson, Mycroft was planning to call us with an update tonight. I’m sure you don’t want to miss it.”
The vampire shook his head, as though pushing out John’s words. John was certain that Harker hadn’t made daywalkers, but whatever vampires he had managed to create were perfectly controllable. It felt unnatural - normal vampires were supposed to have a degree of uninhibited, uncontrollable freedom to them, even when it came to their master’s orders. These ones weren’t particularly talkative, only able to obey.
“Strong,” the other man stated. He came forward in the light. Tall, with pointed fingernails and teeth, the vampire opposite Mycroft could pass for any age between eighty and eternal. Thin skin covered dark, still veins, which crisscrossed his bald head. His deep, bloodshot eyes captured Mycroft’s and analyzed him.
“This is what you’re up to lately? Hiding in caves?” John said, trying to provoke the other man.
Harker turned back to his desk and rifled through papers. Sherlock spotted names and addresses, and a great number of photographs of various warehouses and symbols. Finally, Harker pulled a thin, bone-handled knife from under a pile of notebooks.
“Ready?” He asked. John nodded as best he could, and pushed away from the creature. Sherlock immediately stepped in with the pole, and pressed it against the monster’s neck. Despite feeling nails dig into his wrists, he continued to press downward until he felt skin separate. He closed his eyes and continued downward until the pole lay flat against the ground. He looked into the unmoving face below him, stood, and pushed the head away harder than he intended.
“You’re betting an awful lot of lives on the possibility that the key to these murders is in Britain,” Charles said, doing his best not to step any closer to John.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John brushed his thumb against his gun to remind himself that it was available if needed, and began to walk around the left hand side of the building. Sherlock took the right, and upon seeing that there was no one hiding behind the barn, they returned to the front.
Sherlock found himself discovering new physical pleasures available to him as an immortal with each passing day.
Lestrade accepted that his desire to get in and out as quickly as possible wasn’t appealing to the others. He shrugged and assented. Molly put her computer under one of her arms, pulled out the key card to her room, and began to walk to the door. “See the both of you later?”
“Sebastian said he was going to get you,” Gabriel said, taking his own chance to glance at John. “He was in the courtyard when they came barreling through.”
John sat back, pondering. “I think we are,” he said, finally. “It all leads here. After the war…” Sherlock stopped moving, making sure John knew he was listening. “After the war I didn’t think I was suited for doing this anymore. It’s been… I don’t know. A mental block, I couldn’t sense things the way I could when I was in my twenties. But for the last couple weeks, I’ve been able to. I’ve tuned in to the city, and whatever is happening, it’s happening here. And soon.”
“And my brother?” Sherlock said, getting impatient.
“He means to have me kill you, or if failing to do so, kill myself,” her voice wavered. “I can’t say no.”
John stopped the absent swaying he was doing as he spoke and looked and Mycroft in confusion.“Er, no.”
“What have you heard?”
“Afraid so,” Moriarty said, practically humming with excitement. He turned on his heel to face Sebastian, and leaned back on the desk. “Such a pleasant surprise, having witnesses. And here Mycroft thought they were still in London.”
Jane nodded. “So I check army records, get their names. Turns out, all of them died in the war.”
It felt as though chains, ragged and dragging against his skin, were pulling him forward, making him curl his hands into claws, his nails piercing his palms.
“Christ,” he muttered, stepping back.
John squinted to try and make out his features. “He doesn't look familiar. That may be a good sign.”
John removed a few links of silver chain and a stake, and put those in a hidden pocket as well. He didn’t expect to fight anyone today, but figured it was better to be safe.
John glanced around the room, and accepted that there was nothing further he could do to delay their departure. He wondered if the pair of them would ever return.
The head rolled across the dirt, slowing to a stop near the entrance to the barn. John walked over to it, and turned it over with the tip of his shoe.
Sherlock paused, and quickly ran through his memories of the night before: checking in, reviewing notes, John’s lips on his skin – no, best not to think on that too long – the club, sweat, smoke... and the vampire with notes in his pocket.
“He never found it though, right?” Greg asked, pondering the amount of overtime he would have to put in to locate a missing book of the dead.
“Tonight,” John repeated, quietly. “Tonight?” He was incredulous - he had counted on having at least a day longer to put his players on the board.
Mycroft nodded in agreement and raised his wrists slightly, immediately flinching as the chains dug further into his skin. A few drops of blood fell from the cut, and Mycroft looked up from his hands to John, pleading.
“Can't save you if you're already dead,” John countered.
Lost in his thoughts, it finally occurred to him that it was completely dark, and had been for some time. He stopped entirely and took in his surroundings, his eyes already adjusted to the darkness. As he began to contemplate the best route to the closest main road, he turned and saw a street light beyond a tunnel. As he took a step towards it, he stopped. Had he chosen a different direction to walk, he may have missed it entirely, as the movements of the people many meters in front of him were so silent and subdued. Holding his breath, he moved forward, the sound of his shoes faintly moving along the pavement the only noise that could be heard. As he reached the mouth of the tunnel he stood still, and his hands dropped to his sides, the rest of his body intuitively taking on a defensive posture.
John laughed in surprise. “Christ, I haven’t seen you in ages. How are you? Is that you, Charlie?” He squinted at another man about his height, who was leaning into the far corner of the room.
“Every story has some truth to it,” John said, shrugging. “Some more than others. The story was published by a hunter with the right connections.”
“Greg?” John called, eyes never leaving his target.
“Excellent. We only have so many hours before dawn, and the streets are vampire-free. Let's make the most of them.” He tilted his head to the side and crossed his arms.
Not yet feeling relaxed enough to give in, as he usually would, he stared back at Sherlock. “Do you really want to do this now?” He said, his voice low. He walked closer, and Sherlock bent down instinctively, placing his ear near John's lips. “Two good men have just watched me kill in cold blood. Do you really want to do this now?” He repeated.
“I’m, uh,” John felt off-balance, “I’m going to tell you you’re something. How?”
Powered by the blood he had so recently drank, John bared his fangs and stood, preparing to lunge at Sebastian again, when a young vampire pulled him backwards into the fray. By the time he was able to get out of the tumble of humans and vampires, he saw Westenra was engaged in combat with Moran. John hissed, and began to stalk across the vault once more, when he was stopped.
“Yes, I'm fine,” she said quickly, looking over her shoulder at the body. “I was down the hall, I had to come in early today to finish up some projects, then I heard that noise down here...  That horrible screeching. What's going on? What was that?”
“He was your friend,” Sherlock said, simply. “It’s hard to let go of that.”
Jonathan nodded and set the papers in order gently, with long nimble fingers. In a bid to delay the vampires, while also wanting to satisfy his curiosity, John spoke.
“Hi,” said a voice from the shadows, and a man stepped forward.
“Vampires first,” the taller man said, and gestured for him to walk forward. He felt the distinct feeling of eyes watching him as he walked forward with John, though however hard he focused, he couldn't see anything in the darkness.
Avoiding eye contact, the pair went to their separate tasks and started readying themselves to leave. John, still more on edge than usual, readied his gun and packed up the rest of his weapons. Glancing at himself in the mirror, he deemed himself more or less presentable – if perhaps a bit flushed – and exited the room.
“And you haven’t thought to, I don’t know, mention it?” Lestrade asked, exasperated.
“Where next?” Lestrade asked as they made their way across the street to the car.
John barely managed to keep from burying his head in his hands and ignoring the world for a while. He vacillated between trying to impress upon Mycroft the magnitude of his actions, while at the same time trying to comfort a hopelessly lost new vampire, if not out of empathy, then because he was a blood relation to his best friend. He considered whether his current situation would be any easier to navigate if Mycroft were a stranger, but came to the conclusion that it most certainly wouldn't.
“Hallowed ground?” John asked, trying to find a way to get near his gun.
“There is nothing left for me in this world,” Mycroft said quietly, with a hint of the humanity he had tried so hard to repress in his mortal life.
“You all right?” Jane asked, putting her own gun hand down. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Lestrade, who had left John and Sherlock more or less to themselves on the journey, spoke up. “When you’re a leader, you have to have implicit trust in your team,” he said, spreading his hands in the universal gesture of ‘it is what it is.’ “It has its risks, but it’s the only way to get through each day. I did the same. Do you blame me?”
A sad wheeze, likely an attempt at a laugh, emitted from Detective Lestrade.
“Yes, Master,” he replied excitably. As he walked uncomfortably closely to Sherlock, he muttered, “the sheer number of holiday travellers, university students, general vagrants I’ve had to relocate is astounding.” He rolled his eyes.
“Sherlock did, actually,” Mycroft said, leaning back, and trying to look as dignified as possible given his current status. “Why hemlock?”
With the knife in his left hand, Harker cut into his right-hand palm, watching the blood pool. Walking into the sea of graves, he extended his arm, and turned his cupped hand over. He spoke a few words quietly in an ancient language, and the echo in the chamber magnified his voice. “Rise.”
She wasn’t quite sure when she would see John and Sherlock again. The vampires she and Greg had met were polite – very informative, and very to speak with John. However, as soon as they had reassured the humans that they weren’t a threat, Molly and Greg were quickly shuttled off in separate directions – Molly to the heart of their information centre, and Greg back to Baker Street. She was still a bit startled by how abruptly everything had begun to unfold, and tried to reflect on her last few hours in order to settle herself.
“Goodnight,” Sherlock answered, robotically. “I’ve set our alarm.”
“Really?” asked Greg, remarkably calm. “How?”
As he padded through the hall, still not entirely in the realm of the waking, he heard another scream outside. That one, without a doubt, was a scream of pain. He paused, and as he took in a breath he felt the rapidly beating hearts around him. Panicked breaths, quick footfalls, and more bodies outside than should ever even be on the base. Something was definitely wrong. As John ran down the hall and jumped down half a flight of stairs to the next landing, questions flooded his mind. Someone should have woken him, and the exterior alarms should have gone off. He half-imagined he was in a particularly vivid nightmare, until his progress across the foyer of the officers’ barracks was swiftly halted. Crashing hard, John landed on his elbows and narrowly avoided biting his tongue as his teeth snapped close.
“Westenra,” John said, nodding in return. “Good to see you.”
to his flatmate.
Absently, John wondered why more vampires wouldn’t use guns. Sure, there was an element of pride - Earth’s most dangerous predator shouldn’t need a human weapon, and whatnot - but it still seemed like a silly cultural standard. Then again, since being made vampire, even John’s mother was reluctant to use technology of any kind to fight her battles. John’s zombie-like progression through the crowd was halted by a hand on his shoulder. He turned, gun drawn immediately, before realizing it was Jane who had grabbed him.
Lestrade's eyes narrowed.
,” he said. Taking in John's look of surprise, he continued, “Yeah, that's right, we know you're back. However fast you think word can travel among your hunters, we'll always be faster.”
Realizing he had no other way out, John reluctantly accepted his offer. “Fine,” he said, turning to go down the stairs. “Just don't go wandering off.”
Jane’s posture immediately changed as she transitioned into soldier-mode. “Myself and Balcombe have drawn most of the vampires to the courtyard. I’ve sent out a group of soldiers under Westenra to secure the perimeter. Would you like to make any changes?”
“At that point, Mycroft was nearly gone. I had very little time to give him my own blood, and bring him to his home. As I buried him beneath the floorboards, I did not know whether the other vampire’s blood would turn him, or whether I was fast enough to turn him with my own.” He leaned back. “Now we know.”
It wasn't until John was nearly at the doors of the lobby that he noticed that Mycroft was following him.
“No, not kidnapped,” John replied, sitting up and resting his forearms on his legs as he ran a hand across his face. In the moment that he knew he was supposed to spend picking a reasonable lie, John looked at his friend properly. Occasionally he would catch Sherlock when he was unguarded, at the times when his face was free from stress, the lines of his face no longer drawn in thought. He looked so much younger that way. And now, seeing the relaxed, softly smiling expression of his best friend, he felt the pit at the bottom of his stomach grow, and his heart grow heavier.
“Perhaps I should take a picture,” Sherlock mused. “Send it to Mycroft. It would give him a heart attack.”
“Like hell I am,” Molly said loudly, causing both John and Sherlock to stop moving. She stared John directly in the eyes. “I'm involved now. You're stuck with me. Whatever plan you have, I'm not going to sit back and watch you get yourselves killed.”
“Maybe not, but your brother would.”
“Sherlock, stake!” He called, and looked to his left. The detective, whose scarf had been torn by the vampire that had run at him, immediately threw a piece of the broken crate towards John. Just as he caught it, the vampire was on him, digging its nails into his neck. Tilting his wrist, John brought the piece of splintered wood up, and in seconds felt the body on top of himself go limp. He pushed it off of himself, scrambled to the side to pick up the knife that had been knocked out of his hands, and got to his feet, just as a tall, blond vampire came towards him, eyes blank and his fangs shining in the light. Leaning back with his left shoulder, John released the blade enough to allow it to fall, catching it again by the tip and throwing it forward with as much force as he could. The vampire's mouth went slack as the knife made contact with its chest, killing him before his knees hit the ground.
Exhilaration won out over the rest of his competing emotions, and Sebastian laughed. “Impressive, for a man who can barely stand.”
John surveyed the room. By now, a little over half the vampires were either killed or incapacitated. That was good. However, with Sebastian unattended, in the midst of men and women grappling with two times their numbers in vampires, things were not yet in their favour.
“Revenge for what?”
"Is there something you're not telling me?" Sherlock asked, projecting his voice across the flat, and wondering if he should perhaps readjust his opinion on casual humour during cases.
That gave the pathologist pause. “It's another one of those murders?”
“Don't you dare apologize to me,”John said, interrupting. “You couldn't just kill her properly, could you?” John raised his voice and took a few steps toward Mycroft. “I thought she had died – I could have saved her.” Mycroft flinched and looked up at John. After staring down at him for a moment, John regained his composure, unclenched his hands, and spoke softly but dangerously. “A woman died and it's my fault. I just left her there. Who was the first? The woman from the bank? Did you give her a peaceful death or did she die screaming too?”
Sherlock and John grabbed  a quick breakfast at the hotel and immediately set out for the city core. Walking west, they headed in the general direction of Edinburgh Castle, looming over all. As usual, Sherlock’s brisk strides across the sidewalk left John rushing to catch up.
“This is going to gross you out,” John warned, looking at his friend seriously, as he pulled out a few bags of blood from the fridge. “I don’t want to hear any complaints.”
“What?” John repeated.
“That's enough talking about how fun murder is for one night, yeah?” John said, pushing himself away from the kitchen counter.
John nodded, and the sinking feeling in his gut grew deeper. “That sounds about right.”
He walked towards Sherlock, trying to maintain as much of an air of nonchalance as he could while still keeping an eye on the politician. He stopped a few feet from Sherlock's chair; far enough away to not alarm his friend, but close enough to put himself between the brothers should the need arise. Mycroft being a vampire aside, it was probably a good place to be whenever the two Holmes men conversed.
“Good timing, Richter,” he said to Gabriel, taking the pistol the other man offered. The pair turned to the vampires around Sherlock and helped get the detective some space. He gave Sherlock back the gun he had taken earlier.
“Look closer,” Sherlock said, circling a black space below the lowest levels of vaults, meant to signify rock. The longer John looked, the more he realized that the particular section of rock that Sherlock was pointing at seemed to be filled in with a slightly lighter shade.
Greg was a trained police officer with decades of experience behind him - if John could set him up on high ground with wooden bullets, Greg would be able to take out plenty of vampires, easily. He knew the DI would offer police backup - he’d already tried several times - but John would much rather take his chances going in with minimal backup than with untrained, unaware civilians.
“How are we getting there?” Lestrade asked, slightly more concerned with the legal side of their activities.
From where he stood, he could clearly see the back of a tall man, who was pinning a well-dressed young woman to the side of the tunnel, her neck twisted to the side unnaturally. From her neck and along her slightly shaking arms coursed a trail of blood, which snaked along the pale tiles below her. After a space of time that John could not measure, a sickening crack was heard, and the body of the woman collapsed on the ground, limp and unmoving. The man knelt down beside her, leaning forward to look at her. John took a step forward, his shoulders now free of tension as he faced the man.
“I’m surprised that worked,” John said, “but desperate times. I would imagine they’re out of viable leads.”
“This one has a lock,” Greg said, surprised. “That’s new.” He pulled at it roughly, then pulled a pen out of his jacket pocket and began to fiddle with it. “Keep an eye out. If I get arrested for burglary I’m not going to be pleased.”
It was so dark, and it was so quiet.
aADSFDGHFDGSFLKDJSF IM SORRY OKAY AND LIKE THE ONES WHO KEPT ASKING AFTER UPDATES IM SORRY HERE IT IS U KNOW THAT MEME OF SOMEONE HOLDING A PACKAGE N RUNNING OFF ASHAMED, TIS ME
Three elementary students eyed him suspiciously.
She rounded the corner to the small clinic, a hand on the strap of her chartreuse purse as she dug around for her card.
he paused, as if being self-deprecatory.
He crouched down, feeling the piercing sharpness of gravel through his jeans as his left knee dropped to the pavement, reaching out to curl his fingers around the paper, grimly satisfied when he barely felt the twinge in his leg over the physical pain of rocks digging into his flesh.
“Guest room’s free.” She cleared her throat, wincing at the croak in her voice, her pace quickening as she led John into the lounge, hearing his soft footsteps follow her, the shifting of his baggage from one hand to another. She leaned forward to snatch up the empty bottle lying against the arm of her sofa, fingers white with pressure, shoving them out of sight. The sound they made against the tiles made her cringe.
"Oh don't lie to yourself, John." he retorted angrily, a curt sound that almost made John flinch back. He
He caught it with one hand, pale green eyes flicking to the screen.
A group with common thinking, all for the same cause.
He jerked awake with a shout, small and terrified, drowned out by the sudden crash of thunder outside, his eyes wide and unseeing in the dimness of his room, the large hand reaching for him flashing in his mind's eye, recalling the overbearing odour of beer and vomit. He wanted to retch, just remembering, unable to keep himself from choking on his own breath.
(also tis basically the last chapter, the next one is gratuitous smut n just a short wrapping up of everything IF I GET AROUND TO IT tbh i've lost almost all motivation, season 4 was a disaster, but then you guys were like wHERES THE UPDATE and I WAS THE RUNNING AWAY CRYING WITH PACKAGE MEME)
"John."
that, he wasn't supposed to-
There was no letter.
He huffed in wry laughter as he remembered the childish poem spoken in Harriet's lowered voice, when he had been small enough to fit into her arms, small enough to bury his face into the crook of her neck and forget why he'd needed the comfort in the first place, to block out the world with his big sister by his side.
He went cold, then hot again.
"I'll make tea." she said, already moving to the kitchen, hearing her brother wrench the door open to drag the taller man inside, away from the hollering neighbours and cutting short what seemed to be a fascinating argument over someone's mother.
A man on the other side of the road stared at him weirdly.
His leg ached with a merciless pounding - he knew he wouldn't be able to stand even if he wanted to, knew that if someone came to kill him right now for whatever reason -
The fuse sparks.
Glancing at Sherlock, who had bundled him into the cab, held him close, even when his cheeks were aflamed with embarrassment, when he tried to push away, when he couldn't meet anyone's eyes and only let his gaze drop to the ground, mumbling an apology for having to leave work early, he suddenly thought of another boy he had pushed away.
"Hey Sherlock, i was wondering-"
Just as he was starting to consider snatching the bowl from John just to check if it was even edible, John's smiled slightly.
The sound startled him - he thought it would shatter his eardrums, with how sudden it was. He would regret it later, he would regret screaming later; indulging in such a childish act. But for now, he screamed into his arms, curled tightly around himself as if he were still a boy, as if he were still 12 years old and someone had sniggered at him when he picked up the paper ball they threw at his back, and
.” He says, voice carefully monotone, but even then his voice seems to bend under the magma of his anger, his fingers curling when John’s shuttered gaze darts away at the very sound. “It’s
very quietly, his cheeks tinted a slight pink, and he had had the whole of the cab ride to admire that colour across John's pallid features, but he would be sorry to have John leave his side. His doctor immediately went up to his room after shrugging his coat off, eyes on the ground and footsteps silent.
be given.”
"Have you noticed anything odd about John?"
"I took the day off." he said as he glanced at the older man out of the corner of his eyes, where Mycroft seemed to be in the process of looking around and disapproving of everything around them. His words came out sounding slightly petulant - he was spending too much time with Sherlock.
He murmured at last, reaching out to press the mute button.
He blinked in bewilderment, his mouth opening like a gaping fish, "What?" he asked, narrowing his eyes.
“What’s happened?” she demanded, sucking in a sharp breath when cold wind hit her face. She tossed her ignition keys at Sherlock, half hoping it would smack him in the face before he caught it.
He supposed Harry knew now too, that he was the same pathetic little boy he used to be and he hadn’t moved on at all from where he
He stilled his trembling hand, clenching them into fists.
"Shouldn't you be at work?" Mycroft replied, making no move.
She might as well.
she thought mulishly as she clambered behind him, the engines of her bike roaring to life.
Maybe it was time he found his therapist again.
“Yes, because of the idiots harassing you.” John froze, just as she stiffened;
"Really?"
John has friends who care about him.
John liked tomato soup.
"It's nothing." John dismissed carelessly, shaking his head. He shuffled for the paper, face turned away as he elaborated: "Just a couple of coupons someone slipped under our door."
But at the back of her mind, something nagged at her. There was a heavy feeling in her gut.
And William left a cup of hot chocolate at his door, reluctant to enter. He only found it when he opened the door for the bathroom.
He has to pick them up, his hands trembling just so, so faint he missed it, and sometimes, just sometimes, he opens them in hopes of something different.
They were the majority, and had shunned and bullied the minorities with reasons conjured from thin air to support how it was
his mother had crooned, when the summers had not yet brought the sweltering heat of the 21st century, her hands pressing against the unruly curls of his hair. She had always warned him of his temper, but surely- surely she would understand, if stood in his place.
His gasping breath was loud in his ears, a hand curling tightly over his heaving chest as he shoved his stifling covers off the bed with the other.
He finally looked up at her, and he looked very small outside her door, not as imperious as when he would loom over her and chastised her, not as loarge as when he had found her beside a pub, fearful and angry. He looked... he looked just like her little brother. With his downturned head and his large jumper - she'd given him that one didn't she? - making him seem younger, seem like her 17 year older brother coming to her for comfort she used to always give.
It was just a stupid text.
This was not
He swallowed the sudden bile he tasted, his eyes flickering down to the crumpled ball of paper at his feet.
Those ones were harmless.
He swallowed the sudden bile he tasted, his eyes flickering down to the crumpled ball of paper at his feet.
He doesn’t move quickly enough to interfere.
He had believed it though, for a while.
"Come in." she said quietly, and his head snapped up.
(See the end of the chapter for
, John wouldn’t like it. Would John like it? He wouldn’t know. He didn’t think he knew John anymore.
His eyes dropped to Nadia’s desk.
Mouth dry, he runs the flat of his tongue across his back teeth.
"LET ME OUT LET ME OUT LETMEOUTLETMEOUTLET ME OUT-"
"Sherlock-!"
thin arms fling around his shoulders, frail fingers smoothing down his back. Mrs. Hudson smells like soft wood and infused tea, her grey curls against his chin.
Poison Trash Poison Trash
at 6 in the
“The thrill- you had me pegged,
His heart jumping to his mouth as he flinched (had he been waiting for it, for the scrape of paper against his head, he hadn't realized), he whirled around, his fingers curled into fists and his lips pulled into a snarl, a ugly strangled noise tearing from his throat.
his hands tightly around her arm, his shouts barely filtering through. Telling her it wasn’t worth having mom or dad get called to school for this. It was never worth it.
Mrs Hudson might find them.
He retreated back into 221b.
So when he'd been late, with barely a cup of his morning tea in his belly, he simply picked it up and gave it a cursorary glance, stuffing it in his pocket before he ran out the door.
Maybe it wasn't one of those letters.
See, the problem with Group B was that unlike Group A, they never ganged up together like the rats they were, never spoke outside of the forum aside from the occasional private message, where they were very loud. They weren't completely annoying, they had their good sides - they were very easy to find. Most of them didn't bother hiding their location, and if they did, they didn't do it very well and it was nothing to hacking into their account.
he wants to say,
He doesn’t drink.
That was before he moved back into 221B.
His breathing coming out as harsh pants, loud in the buzzing room, and it was
She tossed her phone at him wordlessly, shoulders tensing defensively as she fought the urge to cross her arms over her chest, wishing she had worn more than a spaghetti shirt.
“Of him not doing his job?" he snapped, his head already pounding with the implications, the accusations their placid, tiny minds must have came up with, "To serve me hand and foot? Let me walk over him like a doormat?”
Sherlock wanted them to know, had looked forwards to watching them connect the dots themselves, watching realisation stun them, watching it bleed into devastation. But they never looked beyond their own pain, screaming questions through the doors, and it was the second night now, so he doubt they'd ever see the error of their ways.Their stupidity irritated him to no end. Some were asleep, twitching in the dark, so it was with great pleasure he wake them up with a shrieking ring.
. Make up for it later,
.” He turns the corner of the couch, comes to pull John gently towards him, his fist unfurling as he grasps John’s shoulders.
"Ugh, Phil, surely you've properly functioning eardrums? You heard me." Sherlock snapped in annoyance, glaring at him with more than just regular irritation, more than just impatience, taking his hands away from his chin, "Your group has been
It was probably a prank, from some of the kids from across the street or something.
He nearly snarled as he watched it blacken and curl, wither into ashes and soot.
The quiet ones often get shoved around, and John Watson never spoke up for himself.
His cat-like eyes were narrowed,
(See the end of the chapter for
"Deep breaths."
though, get away from here."
He barely kept himself from glaring, his frown from pursing into a vicious snarl, his fingers from curling into a fist, as they talked and cooed over him as if he were a child, how they giggled and laughed at the thought of John abusing him, how they were
“Yet he was looking for a place to stay when he came back from the army.”
"It's tomato soup." he answered promptly, silently hissing at himself for not noticing how tired John seemed to look all the time, head ducked down to be able to look his flatmate in the eyes, tilted slightly to the side as he tried to gauge John's reaction.
as of late."
"Hello." he said politely, smiling kindly at the nervous fidgiting he was presented with, "Have a seat."
“I can’t believe they actually went through with it,” Anderson muttered, his laptop opened in front of him and printing, glancing at where he stood tapping his fingers impatiently against the window sill, “Some of the members were talking… about John. They started it as a joke. I mean, I thought it was a joke. It was just supposed to be a joke- something about John not making you tea-”
It was a small smile. A faint smile. It wasn't like the ones they shared after a chase, high on adrenaline and panting and laughing and drunk on joy. It wasn't like the ones they snuck each other when Mycroft or some other boring officials were berating them about something he cared not to remember.
Sight had been taken away, all but the sound of their breathing in the small room, the feeling of cold cement under their fingertips. There had been more, they knew there had been more, but they were alone, alone, alone for so long. Every so often, minutes, hours, there would be the click clacking of high heels across tiles, just outside the cell, and it would be the only sound. They would throw themselves against the door, beat their fists on the heavy metal until their bones broke, their voice cracked.
He stared unseeingly at the wall across him for a long moment, wondering, rolling the words over and over in his head like a broken record.
He hadn't asked for it to be there, hadn't called anyone, but there it was.
John let out a long sigh that said this happened more often than it should, and yet the sound was still more exasperation than annoyance, a hand coming up to rub at his temples. “I wanted some time away, Sherlock.” He said, in a voice she recognized as him being deliberately patient, reaching out for a blue mug in some attempt at nonchalance, bringing it up to his lips like a barrier.
it so.
221B seems to groan in delight when he steps onto the porch, and it screams at him,
... ... ...
He let the change of conversation wash over him, sighing; a long, soft breath that seemed to carry a thousand words, and he had the strangest feeling he had given himself away. His eyes flickered to the ground, and wordlessly, he shifted slightly to the left.
He dug the heels of his palms into his eyes, pressing against them with an irritated hiss, part hysteria, sounding a bit desperate to his ears, and a small noise that had his ears warming in mortification, had him clenching his eyes shut as overwhelming frustration welled up in him;
Her phone made a loud beep, the sound earth-shattering in the silence of her room, and Harriet didn’t want to see what it said.
"I think this is too much for my heart." she said finally, pulling her eyes away to stare at the ground.
There was no letter.
The sliding door that gave way to the kitchen was partially closed, only revealing the tense line of Sherlock's back as he peered into his microscope with narrowed eyes, his shoulders almost to his ears as he scribbled onto a piece of paper feverishly with his left hand, flicking the pen away when he was done, his large hands coming up to touch gently at the sides of the microscope.
As she spoke to the nice lady at the other end of the line, John leaned into her hesitantly, his eyes trained determinedly on the screen, his finger tapping against his thigh, and they pretended she didn't pull him closer.
He switched his mobile off, slipping it back into his pocket as his feet brought him to the front door of an appallingly ordinary house, with white-washed fence and a blue door.
and pulled random accusations from the air to support his ignorance, to go so far as to accuse John - the best and wisest man he had
The first one had been written neatly, in the scratchy handwriting of a student, on a piece of notebook paper torn from a school book, folded carefully in half and addressed to John Watson.
"I'm sorry," he started to say, his mouth opening and closing, his words stuck in his throat, and she remembered when he used to stammer like that all the time, "I, that is- can i, can i stay for a while?"
"Hang on a minute," he looked back at his door, which he had known he had locked before retiring last night, no matter how tired and confused he was now, he knew he'd locked it, because he knew
“Pretty much.” John mumbled, and he had a split lip. The blood around it was already dried and crusted, and anyway, she figured he had other injuries to tend to, like the second degree burns curling up his arm, having eaten away at his jacket.
She hasn’t released him.
Not a lot of kids liked admitting they were beaten by a girl.
"I need the list of names of all the people in my little fanclub."
That was... before.
Harriet had infallible memory, and she could count on the fingers of her hand the number of times John came to her for help after she turned 21. After he found her lying outside a night club for the first time, drunk off her arse with her lipstick smeared over her cheeks, smelling like gin and vodka. She could never remember what she said that night, only a blur of colours, of noises, John's voice in her ear, his arms pulling her up, but she must have said something, because if there was one thing she could remember, it was John's stricken expression bathed in streetlight.
He looked back down at the man staring up gobsmacked at him. “You will be joining the rest of your inmates shortly.”
The door, pointedly, doesn’t close.
She slid her card into the machine, hearing it go
Despite already having had coffee, he took it from her, silent, grateful, and she nodded stiffly, glaring at him with her dark, hazel eyes before she stormed away.
disaster, the phrases of premonition he had always turned his nose up at, it would be the utter stillness of John’s chest, the
“John-”
In her wrinkled hand was a crisp envelope, stark white against her deep blue dress.
Oh ho ho, this bastard.
It was that detective.
There was Sherlock at her back, beside her. He was supposed to be there, anyway. She had vaguely heard his shouts mingling with the roar in her head. There were similar blisters on his hands –
John had only thrown a couple of things together before he left, keys in one hand, a half scribbled note in the other, sticking it on the skull because he knows Sherlock would talk to it in the end, and if he sees nothing else, he would see that.
"Sherlock?"
How weak he really was, to run at a couple insults thrown his way instead of breezing through them like he should. Sherlock had always thought him a soldier, to fight, to stand his ground and what would he think now that he saw how useless he really was? He could barely keep up at crime scenes, with Sherlock rattling off deductions a mile a minute. He was going to leave again, wasn't it? Just like he had the first time, except he hoped Sherlock wouldn’t try to jump off another roof-
"Well, it probably
John stared at him.
only it ends up like a question, and it was the wrong thing to
“I wasn’t the one who jumped off a building-”
so she could still hate them.
mmḿmm.͡ Mmm͢m̶m̸mm. Ḿm̵͝ḿm̸̀m͘m͏̨m̴.̵̸͡ ̷̡̛M̵̢̨m̧m̛͟m̧͡͡m̀m͟҉m̸̷.́͘͜ ҉̶̨M̸͡͡m͘͠ḿ̷m̴̧̨m̸̕͡mm̸̷.̸͜͝ Mm̢mm̸͟m҉̡m̨m̵̧. ̷̧M̵̷͢mm̴̡͞m̶͞m͢͠m̴m͟.͘
He should have.
Maybe it would be useful (he doubted it, he really did) but it wouldn't hurt to check. He opened the tab and what he was presented with had his eyebrows raising, unimpressed and a bit annoyed he had unlocked his mobile for this.
, the memories… they didn’t come to her when she was digging through burning wood. When the skin of her fingers peeled and darkened. She didn’t remember the shouting matches, the broken bones and the tears.
John kissed him, then slowly pulled himself away. “By the way.”. Sherlock rolled his eyes and carefully nipped at the doctor’s neck.
him, looked away again. He slipped a hand into a pocket and began to type quickly. Greg was about to feel put out, but was immediately handed Mycroft’s mobile.
Sherlock smiled and turned a different stack of photographs on the cluttered table towards John. “My experiments last night may have been more successful than I first thought. Look at this one,” he said, gesturing to a picture at the top of the pile, which had been labeled according to some kind of code. In the picture was some kind of limb with two cuts running parallel to one another in it. “This one was made with a slightly altered garden fork. On a living human it should match the wounds found on the last victim exactly.”
Another vampire, clothed in an old, moldering t-shirt and jeans, came from the darkness, grinning madly. His hands, gnarled and scarred, reached out for John, who ducked and brought one of his blades up through the ribcage of the vampire behind him, piercing its heart. He quickly pushed it ahead of him with the blade of the knife, using the creature's body as a shield. As he tried to move around the body to attack from a different angle, he found his knife stuck in the body of the quickly deteriorating vampire. Giving up after a few attempts to pull it out, he backed away from the body, and rolled to the ground as the other vampire lunged at him.
“Be my guest,” the detective said, indifferent.
John clicked his teeth together, trying not to roll his eyes. “Fine. Do you have any ideas, then?”
“Drained of blood, killed at night, it's got to be the same person,” Lestrade said, nodding, still looking at the corpse, which Sherlock was continuing to examine. “It looks like an animal wound, though, that's what most of the officers taking pictures thought – but what kind of animal has that kind of bite? It has to be human behind it. Now it's a matter of figuring out what weapon they used.” Lestrade shook his head. “This was supposed to be more straightforward.”
Grumbling and rolling his eyes – the closest John had seen his flatmate get to admitting defeat – snatched the papers back and began laying them out on the workbench beside his microscope. Satisfied, John stood, and took his tea into the sitting room, leaving Sherlock to his deductions.
“You said you were in the military for twelve years, correct?” Sherlock asked, analyzing every line of John's face, remembering ever scar on the doctor's hands. Perhaps he didn't know where each one had come from.
John nodded, and began to head towards one of the bookcases in the kitchen, opening a drawer and pulling out a stack of candles and candlesticks, lighting them and carrying them back into the sitting room. He could hear Sherlock coming downstairs.
“How did we get home?” Sherlock asked, baffled that he couldn’t remember much of anything.
“But there’s something here, right?”
John shrugged. “No one really condemns them too much, as long as the humans stay alive, and quiet about the existence of vampires. Just keeping one person, and feeding off them... It's a relatively new thing in the culture, considering the thousands of years that vampires have existed. There's a lot less death involved when the human half of the partnership is given time to recover before being fed off of again.”
“That's all,” Mycroft answered, gaze lingering on John's neck before he looked away again. “That's all I remember.”
Entering the warehouse, the pair found that the lights were still dimly lit, throwing shadows over the empty interior. Mycroft was nowhere to be seen, nor was there any evidence that he had been there. Cautiously, Greg led the way into the centre of the warehouse, near where they had taken off running. There were a few fresh marks in the dirt, but neither of them could be certain that they hadn’t made the tracks themselves.
“Oh, it is,” Lestrade confirmed. “But you’re going to want to see this.”
“Must have been kicked out by his wife again, no other reason for him to take the morning shift,” he muttered, and pulled on his other glove with a jerk.
“Did you let him in?” She said, pointing at Sherlock accusingly.
Sherlock huffed and stood. It was a touchy subject, and bringing it up made for a good lie. “I shouldn't have expected anything else. I'll call Angelo.”
Greg didn’t lower his weapon, instead focusing on the man who held the gun. Molly was not aiming at anyone in particular, instead trying to find the nearest exit, and wondering why she and Greg had agreed to come back.
John rolled his eyes and let him go, feigning interest in his phone, checking the time for the tenth time in as many minutes.
,” Lestrade said emphatically, denying Sherlock's request before it could be said.
“Now,” Sherlock replied, turning up his coat collar and looking at his companion, “we have some experiments to do.”
“They're good places to turn humans,” John replied, dumping the food on the desk beside Sherlock's laptop. “Quiet, isolated. None are that good of a location to keep a bunch of vampires, though. Still haven't figured that part out,” he said, trailing off.
The sun beat down on him, scalding him, like a fire running through his veins. But it wasn't day – it couldn't be – and as he raised his head, John could see only the wall of fire, and the shapes of burned buildings behind it. He tried to move forward, to crawl away, but was stopped by a sudden, excruciating pain in his shoulder. Shot? Or bit? One of the two, but he couldn't be sure. Either way, he could feel the blood pouring from him, see it staining the sand beneath him. His hands, sticky with blood –
He stared at the wall across him, his arms curled loosely around his knees, his head leaning back against the head of his bed.
They were the first words that greeted her when she finally came from the kitchen, where she’d been preparing tea as quietly as possible, something she hadn’t needed to do because they said nothing at all in her absence. It was just one loud silence that she’d felt awkward intruding into, and it shattered when she stepped foot into the living room. It made her stiffen, her fingers clenching around the handles of the mugs she held, and if John weren’t already standing taut as a bowstring, she’d bet her last bottle of whisky that he would’ve snapped to attention.
, and it was very, very easy to have them call every single supporter they had and schedule a meeting. Today. As soon as possible.
Harriet turned to look at him then, her eyebrows raised; he might have impressed her, a bit. But all he could see was John stiffening, in trepidation and wariness, blue eyes stormy once more.
"I was handling it." John said, voice flat.
“I need air.” He said curtly, steadying his trembling voice with a clearing of his throat, nearly snarling when Sherlock’s eyes flickered to his fists, his hands. He stormed towards the door, fear curling around his heart, trepidation that someone would call his name, stop him, but Sherlock wouldn’t, and Harriet knew him too well.
She wondered at the sight they made, fighting the sudden urge to laugh.
was his humanity; who did they think they were?
He knew they wouldn't last forever, so tomorrow.
She knew she was right when his eyes narrowed.
Yes, they are Magnussen's men but John doesn't know that.
Harriet kept glancing at the bottles lining the restaurant, reluctantly dragging her eyes away only to find herself drawn in again every five minutes. She hadn’t drank the entire time John stayed with her? No.
Harriet is already fidgeting like she’s ready to take off, faltering on the doorstep like a bloody vampire. She had left her bike back there, but when they had hailed another cab, she had stormed in first, leaving the both of them to slink into the back seat.
It was a rushed attempt. A botched one too.
It was a picture of burning paper, though why anyone would want to post a picture of a burning book he had no idea... Though it did remind him, absently, about terrorists making a statement, and what was it...? He must have shoved it somewhere at the back of his Mind Palace, but he could have sworn the Nazi's had done the same to libraries and bookstores during the Second World War.
He was sure John would take care of the rest.
went his phone.
They were bickering. He knew they would. He knew they would either hate each other or love each other, and he had vowed to put off their meeting for as long as possible, because finding out wouldn’t be worth it. He knew they were bickering but all he could focus on was that Sherlock
“Another one.”
But she'd been wrong - they both knew it.
John hummed carelessly, dropping himself beside her on the couch, and she could tell they could both use some of her beer, but the question would make John stupidly tense, and it would be unbearable, and she'd hate him, and he'd hate her.
A long time ago, Harriet had been someone John could depend on, and John had been someone Harriet knew.
Harriet pulled herself out of bed. Probably nothing, she reasoned, stumbling when she heard glass shatter, jerking back at the sight of the half empty bottle on the floor, having been swept off her bed. “It’s probably nothing.” she repeated to herself.
Sherlock wasn't often afraid.
Mrs Hudson smiled kindly at him when he came down the stairs, drawing her own conclusions from the sag of his shoulders and creases on his face. She tutted at him, as she was wont to do these days, and patted his arm when he came up to her, a smile already on his lips for the mere comfort she exuded. She had full confidence they would sort it out.
what we're thinking of, so..."
"Otherwise, not a word."
See, some of them were coming around. There was a suspicion in their eyes as they stilled.
He snapped his gaze back to the blood sample in his hands, suddenly guilty. He didn't apologize however, and annoyingly, there was John shaking his head at him beside him, like a spectre in his Mind Palace, lined features disapproving and yet, softer than he had ever seen, standing closer than the real John had ever done, hands clasped loosely behind his back as he leaned forward to stare at the sample too, humming thoughtfully, his throat stretched out of the corner of his eyes.
warped out of proportions.
Nadia looked up sharply at her curt words, her expression souring under her pale green hijab, dark brown eyes falling to her fingers, to where she held out the letter for perusal before tossing it onto the receptionist's table.
“Harassed?” she asked, voice brittle, a coil in her chest, thrumming with energy.
He brought out his phone when it buzzed in his pocket, narrowing his eyes at another notification about Doctor Watson's blog, his lips twisted in a faint grimace.
"Thank you, Mrs H," he said dutifully, seeing her warm smile stretch her cheeks, and regretted never having called her in Sherlock's absence, wondered how he had gone on without seeing her.
"Do we give it to John?"
He pushed himself from his seat, leaving his morning paper on the arm of his chair.
John's lips are white from pressure. "Sh'rlock," he croaks, gaze deliberately downcast, the tips of his ears burning, "I'm not-" his mouth opens, closes- it seems neither of them are tactful tonight.
"Daddy?" pitter-pattering of feet, and he ignored them as he ignored the hoarse yelp that had tore out of Sillan when he shoved him out the door,
He wasn’t weak- he could fight, he was a soldier, and if they thought him easy picking, if they were the ones who’d tormented him, who’d sent him jagged words, he would crush them, he would show them- he wasn’t a child anymore, he wasn't weak, he wasn’t useless, how
“Hey.”
Harriet cranes her neck to look at him, rooted to the spot despite Mrs. Hudson’s slow return to her flat.
"Dying turned you into a bloody sap." John rasps thickly at last, voice small between the two of them.
Sherlock was always unreachable, and now even more so, and every time he tried, there would be a barrier keeping him still, and Sherlock only went further and further away.
There was such an awful mess, but there was no Sherlock.
“Ma’am.” Harriet says, sounding no better.
“Sherlock,” John returned with a sigh, resignation coloring his voice even as he crossed his arms in an attempt to be more firm, staring down at Sherlock from across the room, “What are you doing here?”
: depression, permanent or semi-permanent changes to brain physiology, an existential crisis, and death.
Sherlock’s lips shut with a snap, and Harriet shrank back, her arms coming up to press defensively over her chest, legs shifting apart so she could throw a blow if she needed to; protect herself if she needed to. She-
"Nothing." he said, never looking at her.
The baroque clock on their mantle ticks away with vexing glee. He itches to drag his phone from his pocket.
John wasn't doing anything.
There was a short silence.
It had been blown out of proportion by the press and he hadn't been able to go a day without someone recognising him; pointing, whispering.
Each time John appeared again on archway of their flat, the letter would be crumpled in his pocket, and John would grab his mug and retire to the living room, where he would hide behind the paper for about an hour. With the hour up, John would stand and putter about the flat, the letter seemingly forgotten from his mind.
What on earth was the doctor doing?
She started a bit at the sharpness of his tone, a startled noise leaving her throat, but at least her hands weren't anywhere near his stack of old newspapers, and instead were wiping on her green dress fretfully. She huffed at him, however, when she had recovered, disapproving eyes bearing down on his back like needles.
John's expression went pinched and dark, a shadow flitting over his weathered features. "Right." he said gruffly, his hand reaching out for his fork restlessly.
M̅͗̌ͩ̀m̽̋̽́m̢̅̓̍̑ͣ͑̈́mͤͭ̏ͥ͟m̧̿ͭͮ̍̇ͯmm̢.ͬ͑͐̓ ̷̇̃͒M̈͗ͫmm̈̀m̢̎̽̿͗m̷̉̃ͨͫ͛́m̅̍̃mͯ̽.̔̋̈ͥͭ͢ ̊ͫͣ̊̽ͥMͮͧͥ͌̊̀̕m̆̇m͐͑ͧ̿̒ͣmͪ͋҉m̶ͨ̿͋̄̒̊ͩm̄ͯ̈́̆̇ͨ͑͟m͊̇͐͐̚.҉ ̢ͤM̔̃̄͗͜mͮ̿͗̾͟m̊ͫͬmͩ̔̊ͭ̿mͥͫmm̛.̄͐̂͒ ̅͑̃̄͂͆͡M̆͏m̸̋ͯ̿͑̊̓͌m̓ͫͤ̓̇m̾͟m̓̃̅ͬͦ̇̚͞mm̸̓ͦͣ̏͛ͩ̏.͑͐ͥ̆ M̶͑ḿm̃̇m͟mͪ̓̿̎͢m̅mͪ͛.̷ͤ͆ͭ M͊͞m̐ͦm͏m͑ͫ̃͆m̵̐ͮ̿ṁ̑̈́m͂̑ͭͦ.ͩͣͮ̃̊ ͫͫ̓͑̒M̂̊ͭͬͤ̔mͯ̍̐m̿̈ͨ̂̒mͩͭ̌̋͠mͨmm̓ͦ̈́.͊ͫ ͫ͛͗̋ͥ̾͛M̛͊̉ͩ͗m̊mm̶̐̅̆̒m̑ͯͪ̅̅̊̕mͤͯ̃͢m͐ͪͯ͋̏̎̿.̅̌ͣ̆͗ͬ҉ ̧̿M̧̍ͣm͛̀͌̋m̎́͒͋͗m̈͗͑͆͑͌̒͏m̿͊̏̉̐ͯm̷ͥ̑m̢ͤ̔̍͋.̑͒͋̓̀ ̢Mͫͩ̀́͡m̽͊ͥ̏̐ͧ̚m̅̔̕m̴͋̅̓̊̉͊̆m̨ͦ͂̂̊͌͌̉m̀ͦ̆͊̃ͯm͊̎.̛͛̐̏ͧͮ ͨ̒̏ͬM̓ͤm̵͒̓̒̓ͧ̒m̑̋͒ͩ͐͗m̴̄̐ͫͬͪm̿̾m͊mͨ͊.͒ͭͩ̎͆̑̑́ ͨ͂M̆͌̅́̚m̆̏̓ͬ̊̅͜m̈́̚͜m̿ͥ̒̈͌͞m̶mͯmͧ̇ͬͫ̓́.̡
But that had been a long time.
"I have them contained." he repeated, refusing to look away from John's heavy gaze. He would not apologize for it, either. He had been patient, and he had been quiet, but he would not stand for John to look down on himself and agree mindlessly to the opinions of people who didn't matter, who would never matter.
kind of thing could happen when he didn't. "How did you-"
The ambulance had insisted they be brought to the hospital, but Sherlock and John had waved them away. A dark glower from Sherlock himself finally made them stop their pursuit.
Bending, he presses their foreheads together. Wants John to know,
He sighed softly to himself, rubbing his burning eyes with the back of his left hand.
She reached out for her phone again, the light of her screen blinding her for a moment. God what the fuck, why didn’t phone companies ever make their screen brightness dark enough?
of course, there was John.
“No,” he said in an awful, weak voice, for a moment petrified with the knowledge of Mycroft knowing, even though he shouldn’t be surprised with
“What the hell-!”
She slammed the door in his face.
"Half of them."
Tomorrow he'd say thank you instead of running off as soon as work hours were over. Tomorrow he'd find the energy to smile without wanting to cry.
John was supposed to be safe. The argument they had 6 years ago, it was all about John always putting himself in danger, always fighting and always running while she stayed behind,
She knew him well enough to know that tone. She'd heard that tone before-
His heart sank.
he drawled into the microphone, lips curving into a smirk when they jumped towards the noise, blindly groping, blubbering for forgiveness, for a reason, trying to plead to his
“Hey Mary.”
He knew why he didn't just pack up and leave.
With reflexes honed from years of dodging blows and defending his own, his hand shot out to grab the heavy arm that had curled around his shoulder, ducking his head swiftly as he flipped the attacker over, sucking in a sharp gasp, listening to the grunt and small scream, listening to the angry roars and terrified squeaks.
He threw his pillow at the door.
There is a skittishness in John he's seen in dozen else, an animal cornered. He takes a soft breath, inhaling sharply as he gathers himself, gathers his composure, even if all he wants to do now is shatter bone,
When she’d dragged John out of the splintering wood, when John had opened his eyes blearily, she nearly burst into tears. Her tears had dried up so long ago, and all she could offer was a weak smile and a shaking hand.
Never asked though.
“You’re not
"And how would you know?" John asked wryly.
"No." he moaned, and his breath was shaking, his palms were damp with sweat, and it felt like every breath of air he gulped into his lungs weren't enough at all, and he wanted to be gone, he wanted to be alone, he wanted to be at home-
Light footsteps approached, the rustle of cloth; Mycroft sat down beside him, gently placing his umbrella against the arm of the bench.
"Drink." she said loudly.
John stood, letting go of the fork he'd been holding onto.
Tabu (Tabassum Hashmi) as Aaradhya.
his father said to him.
A letter.
His eyebrows furrowed and his forehead creased, however, when he shuffled past the kitchen, doubling back to peer at where Sherlock should be.
Her voice was almost inaudible.
There was Mrs Hudson, she was part of his... him, part of him, and as such, off limits. There was Lestrade, who had always hovered annoyingly over him, worried endlessly. There was, and he cringed to admit it, even to himself, Mycroft (arrogant sod, useless) (delete) (he'd never thought anything like that in his life) who had his uses sometimes. There was Molly, who'd helped him, who had, at her own risk, at the risk of having Moriarty's wrath brought upon her, helped him hide.
It was probably just a case, he told himself when he glanced at the coat rack, where the scarf was absent and that ridiculous coat was gone, when he suddenly felt as if the flat was too big again, too large and cold, with him standing alone in the cluttered living room, his hands clenching into fists at his sides.
How many times she used
but not ordinary fans, not the ones that made John smile, or the ones that brought them cases, some that occasionally weren’t boring. Not the ones that sometimes appeared to fawn over him and John and ask for their signature when they were out of a case. Usually he'd wave them off and let John take care of them for him.
The pavement was clean, the street was empty of passerby's, the cool breeze of early mornings ruffling through his hair, uncombed and mussed with sleep.
he said, and even now, even when John was on the other side of town, the name brought immeasurable fondness,
as it fell on his lap, not that he would've heard it over the rain beating down against the window pane.
Head down, he hadn't seen when someone came his way, when someone shoved past him roughly even when the side walk had no one but them, with barely an apology afterwards.
"Everyone should get out." male voice, male voice but not as loud and furious and hoarse as his father, not as accusing, not as threatening as his father.
Harriet thinks Sherlock is an arrogant twat, and Sherlock's not doing much to help himself.
“It was an unacceptable note.”
They were wonderful, all his colleagues were wonderful...
to pick them up. He has to do it, or someone else will find them, those trail of papers on the groun, as if left there by children who wanted to make a mess. Someone else might read them, someone else might laugh at him, someone else might spread it around.
The text shouted at her. She squinted at her screen, head splitting with the force of her migraine.
But that was okay, she didn’t need an answer. She just needed her brother back.
here.” Sherlock said, as if it were an obvious answer.
John's skin crawled with paranoia, and yet relief coursed through his veins at the sight of the mat, empty of an envelope. He unlocked the door carefully, taking a deep breath as he opened it, just in case, just to check, but no.
.” He snarled, and his voice was too loud in the small flat.
"Okay." she replied, squeezing gently, shifting her gaze back to the screen, staring blankly at the muzzy faces of one of the runners, "Okay."
John's had his fair share of codes.
She looked a bit shell shocked.
John, who had just returned from his practice and looked as if he'd rather head off to bed instead of standing dumbfounded by the stairs, stared down at the bowl that had been thrusted into his hands with a mix of confusion and weary suspicion, greyish blue irises flickering up to scrutinise him.
It hadn’t been that long at all.
Sherlock, brilliant and beautiful, would think him useless.
A hand curled around the doorknob, fingers clenching so hard around bronze steel. Fumbling with the locks, all three of them, it felt like an age when she finally yanked it open so hard a rush of air slammed into her, but it was who she saw at the door that made her suck in her breath sharply, made her swallow reflexively. Panicked blue irises roved over his helpless expression, his curled fingers tightly around the strap of his backpack, slung over slumped shoulders.
Now, Sherlock was on his couch once again.
“Just looking for the mastermind behind the bonfire." he answered, clearing his throat.
was a word neither of them took lightly. “Should be no problem now,” Sherlock continued without looking at John, a pleased curl of his lips, as his gaze shifted through the magazines beneath her coffee table, “They’ve been taken care of.”
The mouth of the vampire twisted into a horrifying smile as it remained silent, stepping closer forward.
Lestrade glanced towards the door, but quickly returned his gaze to John. “Are we in danger?”
“I plan to run some tests on the blood samples, I feel it may be more useful now, knowing what they're from. Is there anything else I can do?” Sherlock asked.
Neither Sherlock or John spoke.
John’s eyes widened. “How the hell did you deduce we’d wind up here?”
blackness of night creeping across the sky. Twenty minutes to dusk.
“Come and get me, then.”
Mycroft turned, his eyes rimmed in red, and a tremor beginning to form in his hand. Holding on to every ounce of humanity left in him, he gazed directly at Lestrade and whispered a single word.
Amidst the chaos, John paused to look up from the action on the ground. On the roof of the medical building opposite him, a few floors up, he saw a figure standing on the edge, gently swaying against the breeze. A blonde woman, dressed in blue, John was struck by how similar she seemed to Mary. Similar, but still too much of an off-kilter facsimile - until she looked at him, and John felt a dagger of anxiety pierce through his heart. It was Mary. He put a hand up, but she appeared to stare straight through him, as though he wasn’t there. John pulled his phone out of his back pocket as he got closer to the window, and dialled her number. She didn’t react, and the call went to voicemail.
John looked up at him, confused. “Why would I blame you? For Sally?”
Granting his wish, Sherlock nodded to the inspector and ducked under the tape, immediately making his way towards the centre of the crime scene, where markers and flags had already been set up around an opaque, plastic sheet under the victim's body.
“Mary, she was on holiday while I was working in Hungary. She was supposed to go back home, but she just… stayed. With me. The first time she met me, I was covered in vampire blood, and she was totally unphased. Insisted that I tell her everything, actually. She thought that all the danger was interesting.”
John caught on before the policeman. “A snake bite?”
Sherlock was unsure what had woken him up first – the bright morning sun that was streaming through the window to his right, or the rhythmic rubbing of John’s thigh between his legs.
“If you don't feed on me, I think it will be fair to conclude that I won't get within fifty meters from the door. Unaccompanied humans aren't welcome, or have I misunderstood?”
Pain and pleasure burst in sparks behind Sherlock’s involuntarily closed eyelids. He didn’t notice that John had ceased moving until he felt kisses being pressed along his temple and down his neck. John shifted position and met his gaze, giving Sherlock a moment to reassure him that everything was alright.
John pushed at the heavy barn doors, to see if they would give. Not feeling any movement, he began to throw himself into the door with his shoulder. After two solid shoves the old door gave way, and John fell in to the building.
“Sherlock and I can be at the morgue in about twenty minutes, we were just getting ready to go,” John said, and nodded at Sherlock, who was pulling on his gloves.
Sherlock pushed the door closed and leaned on it. “Stealing may be the right word, on second thought. We didn't really intend to return it. We promise to donate sometime soon, though.”
“John,” the man replied, tilting his head to the side as he looked over the doctor. “Such a mess you've found yourself in. I see you've brought others.” He glanced at the group standing behind John, who directed the conversation away from them.
John ran a hand down his face as he looked out the window, his body present but his mind far away. “I always remember,” he murmured.
John Watson had a headache. He was beginning to feel as though he always had some kind of throbbing in his head, though he was usually better at tuning it out. As he read through the stack of documents on the table before him, he quietly chastised himself for being surprised that his flatmate was trying to drive him insane, given that it was becoming a regular occurrence. Sherlock, without a case for a week, had begun what was quickly becoming known to John and Mrs. Hudson as the first phase of boredom: senseless vandalism. Sherlock, of course, would argue that there was some sense to it, but he would also occasionally state that he did not know how to use the vacuum, and for that reason alone was not considered a paragon of sensibility by his housemates.
"And then we fell asleep in the same bed," Sherlock said, stating it as a fact.
“Yep,”John said, pulling them from his pocket. He glanced up at Sherlock. “Ready?” The other man nodded.
John paused, then replied icily, “How's your mate these days, Tom?”
“Great,” John said, frowning.
John looked at him doubtfully. “I’m glad my complete inability to label anything correctly has come in handy. You know, we don’t know that Sebastian’s involved here at all.”
John nodded.
“When one controls the government, they control the police,” George answered simply. “As the good Mr. Lestrade would, I am sure, agree, there is a great deal of value in keeping the police force from becoming aware of vampires. It would cause so much stress, so much discrimination.” He looked towards Greg. “So very much paperwork.”
– that I'm taking a bit of an issue with.”
“Also explains why there were drained bodies with no marks on them,” John said, connecting the last of the dots. “They were turned, healed themselves as vampires, then died again.”
,” John said, interrupting Sherlock in return. “I just don't want to.”
On looking at the crowd, he realized that he recognized nearly everyone in the vault as a close friend. He hadn’t expected so many had left the army; more than that, he hadn’t expected so many would come to his aid. A gloved vampire, tall and lithe, moved quickly among the newborns, tagging them with silver bands when possible in order to distract them.
Sherlock nodded and stood. “I’ll check out.”
Sherlock offered a dramatic sigh, which quickly gave way to the smile that always seemed to appear whenever he was about to explain something
“Are you a vampire?”
Confusion flickered across the face of the vampire as Sherlock stepped forward.
Sebastian snorted. “Come on, soldier. You’ve sewn up plenty of people. Can’t handle it when the needle’s turned on you?”
“Extract of, yeah,” John said, taking another sip of the drink, and tossing the used piece of cloth to the side table. “Never leave the house without it.”He pulled a small bottle from his pocket and held it out far enough for Mycroft to see it. A small amount of the liquid moved around in the glass.
“Werewolves don't exist,” John stated, amused, as he shifted a bit in his chair.
“What the hell happened here?” He asked, training his weapon on the vampire in front of him as he took calm, measured steps forward. The vampires bared their fangs as they looked for an escape from the path they were being led on.
“Right, sounds good,” John said, though the prospect of another wet and bloody corpse was about as far from 'good' as he could imagine. At least Sherlock would be excited, which would terrify Donovan and make his morning a bit more humorous.
“Wait,” John answered. Ten anxious minutes after that, a car pulled up, and let out the older Holmes. Sherlock and Molly paused in their analysis and looked up as he walked up the stairs and nodded towards the group.
Passing one of the outbuildings on the far reaches of the base, John found himself nearly catching up to her several times, in spite of her advantage as a full vampire. Having recently had blood, however, John was able to catch up, and felt a primal exhilaration deep within himself as he caught up to her and her laughter faded. Feeling more strength run through him than he was even aware he had, John grabbed at her hair and threw her down. Within moments, he was on top of her, and his hands began systematically breaking every bone he could reach. Eventually, his hands wrapped around her throat, pushing up until he heard the tearing sound of brittle skin separating. As she looked at him with panic, John realized that Tom must have sincerely believed he would have let her live, and told her as much. Moments after the head of the vampire separated from her body, her remains rapidly began to decay. John felt both deeply satisfied, and deeply ashamed.
From the bathroom, he heard Sherlock’s phone ping with a text notification. Typically, this would have gone unnoticed by John, but when he came out of the bathroom a few minutes later to see Sherlock still staring at the phone, he grew concerned. “What?”
“Not exactly,” John said. “Nothing you haven’t done before.”
“Taxi. You blacked out pretty soon after we got outside,” John said, smiling despite himself. “On that note...” He tossed Sherlock a few of the snacks he had purchased the night before. “Get your strength up.”
“Yes," John said. He managed to remain straight-faced until he looked at Sherlock, which brought on a few involuntary chuckles. He was able to look cheerful for a moment, but his face reverted back to unease as the reality of the situation set in.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. “How did so many survive?”
“Were you kidnapped again? I feel as though that happens often enough for it to become routine.”
“Soil Dracula slept in,” John said, for the first time moderately impressed.
“Mycroft Holmes,” the man said smoothly, offering a hand. “So pleased to meet you.”
“Suggestions?” Sherlock asked from behind John as the pair glanced around quickly for something to defend themselves with.
The blood in Mycroft's veins – John's blood – left his face and he appeared even more pale than usual. “I'm sorry, I didn't know.”
“It's like being trapped in an endless labyrinth,”he said finally.
He rolled his eyes. “Yeah, and I do this every day, you know,” he said, and started muttering about the insane divergence his life had taken. Slipping past a crowd of pedestrians just outside the alleyway, Sherlock led the group to the emergency entrance. It looked the way it had earlier in the day, grime on the sides of the doorframe untouched.
John came closer, eyeing the table behind her for any other weapons, then looking her over quickly.
The doctor murmured as he pressed himself against Sherlock, his mouth slightly open, and his lips brushing softly against the detective’s neck.
“Yeah?”
An old man walked forward, cane in hand. A younger man holding a gun flanked him, as did and a tall, blonde woman in a pristine white suit.
John, just catching his balance, nearly fell backwards. “
John's hand stilled, though he didn't give a response.
“Fine. What do the full moons have to do with all the deaths?”
in Romania?”
“We can deal with this, I can keep you somewhere safe,” John began.
For a moment, John thought he saw Mary - human, as he usually remembered her, and smiling - standing in the corner of the room. She smiled softly at him, neither condemning him or encouraging his actions either way. Vision clouded by tears, John looked down at Sebastian, whose teeth were bared in the characteristic expression of any trapped animal. For a moment, he saw Sebastian as he was when they first met. Young men, fast friends. John’s constant companion before he ever met Sherlock. He remembered every battle they fought and won, and he remembered the moment Sebastian betrayed him.
John paused, and glanced at Sherlock. Overall, they were unharmed, though they were a bit dirty. “Fairly quickly, why?”
Immediately relieved of the need to appear well, Mycroft stumbled to the bed. He found himself barely able to grip the nightstand, and reflected on how weak the daylight so far away was making him. He would have thought further on the curious nature of vampirehood, but found himself unable to as every mental process he had available to him shut down, one by one. Just before he lost control entirely of his mind, he pushed himself away from the nightstand with one hand and landed on the bed. Slowly, his world went dark, and he fell into a world without dreams.
“Ah, right.”
Sherlock, John, and Lestrade had managed to get into the train with minimal interaction with the other passengers. However, it made for a quiet voyage, and though the three sat close to one another, they spoke only briefly when something came to mind. As though on cue, after yet another five minutes of silence, John spoke to Sherlock. “Text Molly, remind her to look up moon phases. Maybe it’ll pull something worthwhile.” John took a sip of coffee as he wrote down notes on a pad of paper. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at being made a secretary, but proceeded to send the text as directed.
The ride passed in silence, and neither man spoke as the car wound its way through London. After half an hour, it pulled up to a large building that John didn't recognize. Mycroft directed him into the building, which was silent and free of people, and took him up one floor with the elevator, not speaking a single word to him. Walking along a few halls, Mycroft stopped outside of two large, heavy oak doors, pulling a key from his pocket to unlock them. Standing beside the opened doors, Mycroft gestured for John to enter. Turning his back on the vampire for the first time, John could feel the hairs on the back of his neck prickling, and knew he was being watched. Once far enough inside to give himself distance from Mycroft, the older man entered and shut the door, a subtle click echoing through the spacious room as it locked.
John’s slowly rocking hips, unfamiliar at first, gradually developed a feeling in Sherlock’s body that he was unaware could even exist. When John’s hand moved between them to grasp his cock, he let out a moan before he could control himself. Clearly aroused by this vote of enthusiasm, John picked up his pace with a grunt and gasped as Sherlock dug his nails into his back and dragged them down, very nearly drawing blood.
John flexed his arm a bit, making the pain worse. He did it once more for good measure, then sighed. “I didn’t get all of them. Seven vampires in ten minutes. This base is guarded better than the damn crown jewels. The fence alone has enough silver on it to fry a coven and a half. How did they get in?”
“What the hell is that?” Lestrade asked, his voice far away in John's ears. Mycroft grabbed the edge of the detective inspector's coat, pulling him back to relative safety.
“I go left, you go right,” John said, glancing at his friend. Sherlock nodded, and tried dragging the attention of some of the vampires away.
