Sam bites his lip harshly, still not saying a word.
Just before Dean nods off he swears he feels a ghost of lips against his neck.
He loves Cas.
I never told, how much you meant to me.
Dean smirks before glancing back over at him, “Why did they do that anyway. Call you feathers I think?”
Cas nodded casting his eyes to the bunker floor, a pink blush on his cheeks, something so uncharacteristically human about the now human angel, “I apologize I didn’t wish to make you feel uncomfortable. I know you do not see me in that way.”
The place where his eyes once were blink blankly up at his hunter. As though still seeing.
“What do you mean?” Sam says still looking around, not fully in tuned on what Dean is saying just yet.
Dean nodded, a slow swallow matching it “Right Baby.”
"To surprise you" Dean finished, swooping in to save Cas. Returning from where he was apparently greeting Jo with a quick side hug, he laid his arm across Cas's shoulder. Cas glanced back to Jo, seeing her affectionate smile. Maybe it isn't that awkward.
The angel smiles at Sam patting him on the arm, then he looks to Dean. Waiting for him to speak.
”I’m sorry” Cas hung his head in shame, letting go of Dean’s hand. Putting some distance between the two of them, ”I won't act on it I promise. We can still be friends; this doesn’t change anything. Please Dean don't push me away”
Chuck looks Jack up and down, presumably assessing him for weapons. When he seems to decide he has none, Chuck walks closer slowly, “Hey Jack” Though he approaches with caution, God doesn’t seem worried about Jack. Looking at him as if he is a child, not a threat.
Cas lays there stiff as a board, his breath coming up short. Trying to process Dean's sleep driven words and actions. He said Cas. His heart gives a flutter. He nearly opens his mouth before his brain reminds him.
The two boys move around the dining table, covering it with a red table cloth, a green center piece on top. Candles on either side of the centerpiece. Placing silverware wrapped in white cloths out in each of the spots. Ensuring there are enough chairs for everyone.
“Good, really good.” Cas says taking John’s coat to hang on the rack. Things with John really improved over the years after their first Christmas. The way he treats Dean and his views on their relationship. Though there are still issues that occur every so often and fights that are inevitable. They always end up reconciling. Things are different, John is different, it didn’t happen overnight but it did happen.
Still this time though Cas had been careful. Dean left.
The waiter once again comes to the table his arms full of plates, placing them around the tension filled table. Yet it does nothing to shatter the thick air between the family. Dean’s eyes burning a hole through the tabletop and then the food in front of him. John’s eyes resting heavily on their hands which are still intertwined. Without looking Dean knows the snarl of his lip is surely on the old man’s face.
Who knew Dean was so cuddly? Maybe Dean did know but still with Cas the urge ever increased.
When Dean stayed over on the weekends or he spent time with him somewhere else the house was a bit less lonely and so was Castiel. He loved spending time with Dean sometimes just talking for hours on end.
The former angel looks down at their interlock hands then up again at Dean, cocking his head to the side “Is that what you want?”
I can't get these damn wings off my corpse. I can't stop thinking about you.
Cas likes Sam.
Sam lowers his hand slowly from where it was resting over his eyes. Carefully peaking one eye open, most likely ensuring he won’t need brain bleach after this.
Cas swallowed it felt as if he had swallowed a bag of sand, he could hardly speak "I have to leave"
Overall it only takes about ten minutes to set everything. Once they are done setting the table Dean slumps down in one of the chairs. Sam sits down as well in the chair across from him, "What is wrong Dean? Did you and Cas get into a fight or somethin'"
“What?” Dean asks pushing him back to look at his face, his arms still holding his shoulders. Cas watches as the hunter’s green-eyes flicker over his face searching. There is anger in his voice, his jaw set “What the hell are you talking about? What are you doing out here?”
“Dean?” Sam asks looking at his brother from the kitchen doorway, “I know that-“
That's what makes it so simple to admit though isn't it? Because it's the truth.
A smile graced Dean's features, as he turned the car "I know Cas, guess I just wanted it this year."
Tonight, they were watching one of the Star Wars movies. Cas had been so enraptured by the show he’d have forgotten about Dean if it weren’t for the low hum Dean let out each time something exciting happened. It was nights like this he wished they could see each other.
“Here you keep it” Cas says handing the feather back to Dean “That way you’ll know there is an angel out there for you. Even if I am far from an angel.”
“Mom!” Dean exclaims throwing his hands over Cas’s ears.
“Oh no” Dean stated.
But he couldn’t resist Dean’s lopsided grin. He had never seen him so happy so instead Cas intertwined their fingers. Tapping the eyeliner stick against his boyfriend chest “Don’t you want to go to the Halloween party”
Cas stumbles forwards, breathing in sharply. Dean walks past him to where Jack stands over Chuck, so he follows. He tries to let it go focusing back on powerless, godless Chuck. Though his heart beats rapidly in his chest and his airways feels as though they are about to burst. He isn’t sure what just happened, but Dean seems to be unaffected as he stands looking at Chuck. Cas can feel his heart break a little more in his chest. He pushes it away, looking at Sam whose picked up the god book.
Lucifer mumbles something else smug, but Dean doesn’t bother to listen. Instead, he steps forward taking the cloth from Betty’s mouth where she kneels. After he removes it, he looks down at the chains and then back up to her face. All the while she just watches him. When their eyes meet, she squints and bashes her head into his own with a crack. Breaking the chains from her arms, standing up beside Lucifer.
Finally, Michael enters the room, all knowing of Lucifer’s presence since he entered the bunker but only now coming around to question him.
Benny shrugged ”maybe he just don’t like coffee” his voice was laced with a thick Louisiana accent.
Instead of responding, Cas switches his bag to his other shoulder, wrapping an arm around Dean's waist. Dean feels the pressure against his back as Cas steps forwards and he stumbles along. His breath caught in his throat, not even worried about the thin layer of ice covering the cement path. His only focus is getting his feet to move, and his heart to stop jumping out at the simple intimate touch from Cas.
Still his heart pounds in his ears from... just from laying upside down. He focuses on Dean pressing buttons and kicking the two sticks on his x-box controller. The old car that looks suspiciously like ‘baby’ Dean’s 1967 Chevy Impala. Zips upside-down on the screen, without a scratch, is on it. The sound of tires screeching playing lowly - barely audible - through the tv speakers.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck once the tractor started up reminding him they were not the only ones in the world "anyways Cas." Dean tested out the nickname and received no retaliation to it except the slight tip of his head "I'm Dean, this is my brother Sam, his friend Gabriel, and my friend Benny."
“Hey” Dean points to the tv on the wall above the bar showing an empty football field where a game appeared to have been ongoing before Chuck wiped out the world.
“Merry Christmas Dean”
Before they can drag him back, before unconsciousness can take over his senses, the hands fall away. A blinding yellow light glows behind his eyelids. Castiel snaps his eyes open, the shadow stands as a glob of black goo, but that isn’t what grabs his eyes. A glowing figure appears a yellow light surrounding it. Two massive white wings stretching out engulfing the empty space.
Dean feels his stomach do a flip at the sincerity written on Cas’s face. He slides down a little in the seat, nuzzling into Cas. After a moment he feels Cas’s head lay on top of his own.
Cas mojoes away the blood and glass from the floor. Leaving the room to look less like a war zone, though the mirror still sits broken in the corner.
Tears burned down my face, for you. I sobbed, screaming but no sound came out. Just defending silence, crushing down on my lungs. I bury my face into your neck holding you, but you're already gone.
Dean smirks at the band tee shirt he unwraps, from the pristinely wrapped present, which most definitely came from mom. The new razors stuck in there with it for sure from his dad.
The vampire laughs.
“Hiya Sammy” Dean says ruffling his little brothers’ hair.
“Good. I hope.” Dean replies suddenly not in the mood to entertain Michael’s scheming. Or Michael at all for that matter. Seconds later Sam walks out carrying the God book in his arms, “Ask him yourself.”
“Gone?” Sam repeats brushing his hair from his face in a frustrated manner. Disregarding the admission about his deal to save Jack, Cas knows he’ll ask about it later “I thought the empty was older than Chuck something even he couldn’t control.”
How typical meeting in a coffee shop for the start of a good romance.
”Kissing?” Dean asked looking at the popcorn textured ceiling. His heart pounding in his chest, selfishly wanted Cas to say yes.
Cas is a bit calmer than the rest of them at opening his presents, but the way he smiles at each gift feels far more breathtaking than anyone else. Though Dean may be a tad bias.
Jack’s wings flap through the planes. Each flap with a thump. Cas’s heart pounding in his chest. Erratically over and again.
"Dad you remember Cas um Castiel?" Dean gestured towards Cas stiffly. Things were complicated.
“Oh. I am sorry Cas” Dean can’t find the words to say anything else.
“This might sting a little” Jody speaks with a tender voice the kind his mother use to sound like when he was teaching Cas to ride a bike or reading a story to him late at night. She dabs the medicine-soaked cotton ball onto his freshly wounded skin, making Cas bite back a wince. Dean reaches out giving him a reassuring squeeze on his hand. It serves to relax or at least distract Castiel for a little bit. As Jody moves onto the next scrape once again dowsing it in Neosporin. Dean smooths a cookie monster band aid over each of the cuts, with gentle fingers gliding over the delicate skin. Until Cas is covered in an assortment of band aid’s and the pain has begun to ebb away. The only thing left is this overwhelming warmth spreading through his chest.
“Dean, look at me” the hunter does and is met with a soft smile on his face, “I know- I know you don’t feel the same. It’s okay.”
"You remember?" Cas asked looking down at their interlocked hands, with a smile.
Before Dean could sing the rest though, Cas surged forwards. Lips hitting lips.
“Dean” Cas flattens his palm against the side of Dean’s face, stroking it affectionately. Dean knows Cas wants to promise that everything will be okay, that it will all work out, but the truth is he can’t promise that. He has no control over how other people act, though at this moment he desperately wishes he did, “I will be with you the entire time.”
“Ugh” Dean pushed Cas by the shoulder making him nearly roll off the bed “I hate you”
”But” he stutters, “you said, I'm not smart or compassionate. I am a grunt and a killer. I am not worth it.”
It was imperfect teeth clanking together noses bumping against each other. Cas’s hands lingered on Dean chest, as Dean held himself by the car bench. But they fell into it, melding together like toffee. The song just a low hum in the background. Cas graced his tongue over Dean’s bottom lip, causing Dean to twitch. That’s when reality came crashing down on him, he was kissing his best friend.
Jack nods, standing in the middle of the road closing his eyes.
“Stop Sam.” Dean places a hand on his shoulder, Sam shakes his head, “I need – I need you to tell me it’s okay.”
Dean watches as the conflict battles on Sam’s features. Before the words tumble out of his mouth “Cas please Dean’s dying”
Cas’s breath hitches and he is suddenly speechless as Dean gives him a soft smile. It feels as if his mouth has turned into the Sahara Desert. When he finally finds his words again it comes out breathy “Maybe”
“No problem, I just picked up the most bi things I could find and threw them in the cart” Sam snarks back. Cas laughs amused by Dean’s shocked expression.
”Mom” Dean mumbles into her shoulder with a grin, erasing all traces of embarrassment. Cas knows he’s a momma’s boy. With Mary though Cas would be too.
“Today was the anniversary of my m-mom’s… death. I went with Gabe to her gravestone.” Castiel says after a few more moments. His voice comes out damp with pain.
“Dean” Cas utters, looking at the leather bracelet covered in small burnt on bees, and a little peanut butter and jelly sandwich charm hanging off the end.
Cas hums in response. Twirling the cord of the phone on his index finger, as he watches waiting to see if Dean will say more.
Dean snatches his gun from his back, firing a shot at Lucifer’s chest.
Dean wants to say something. He wants to scream at him “Please stay. All I’ve ever want was for you to stay always.” He wants to get down on his knees and beg Cas to not go. Dean knows if he asked that the angel, would stay.  But Cas looks at him with his pleading blue eyes.
Jack cocks his head towards Dean then back to Cas. While Sam wears a look of understanding and confusion at the same time symbolic to two spools of taffy churning together.
“You are my sons, my soldiers”, the man sways on his feet his words slurring. Cas doesn’t mean to eavesdrop as he stands by the doorway awkwardly. He can’t help but feel bad for Dean at the harsh scrape of his own dads’ words. Castiel wants to protect Dean and save him the way Dean did the first time they met, but he doesn’t know how to or if he can.
Noel, Noel
Easier, but not. When I saw your broken face when I saw how I hurt you. Somehow you always forgave me.
Delicately Cas stroked the brush across his eye, using a few techniques he picked up from videos and practice. He dipped his brush in the lightest shimmery dark blue in the pallette.
"She is" Mary glared at John, "Here boys, after dinner we are going caroling, wear these. The green one is your Dean and the blue is for Cas"
Dean pulls his hand away breaking the moment. He shuffles around in his duffle bag, while Cas watches curiously. Finally he seems to have reached the thing he is looking for a book.
Mary shook her head again while Sam just gave a sympathetic smile. Dean slowly dared to look at John. He could see it in his eyes the rage the hatred.
Michael clears his throat, standing up straighter. Preening in the praise of his father, “It has always been my intent to be devoted to you. Serve you, under the guise of the heavens” he says brain washed with his palms up towards the skies.
With a sigh Cas let his eyes close as well, putting the book beside his own, “Merry Christmas Dean”
“Dad. Please. We- I don’t want you here anymore – not like this –“ Dean says his voice is a pathetic whisper. When Cas peaks around the corner, he is standing coward behind a large man with dark hair and a small scruff on his face.
When it is all over Cas sits in the white corridors, just outside the door of the twenty-five-year-old autistic man. Still each soul has its own door, but now each person coincides together within their doors. Castiel looks through the white walls seeing into the eternal Tuesday. The man still flies his kite in the park, surrounded by bushes and blooming flowers. Except now, there are kites all around his. Those of his family and other times they are enjoying a picnic. But it feels different to Cas. Not like the way this man’s heaven made him feel before – before he fell.
“Listen” Dean started clutching the bag tighter to his back “I know I was supposed to go pick up Charlie but she got another ride.”
"Well, Dean what would you like to say then?" Cas quirks one of his eyebrows looking down on him with a frown. Crossing his arms over his chest with a huff. To which Dean just rolls his eyes, for such an angel he can be royally pissy at times.
“He brought Lucifer back, destroyed the empty in the process” Michael adds looking away with a crestfallen look. His gaze focus on the floor but his eyes far away, “Didn’t even reach out to me.”
Dean pulls baby up the side of the road in front of his parent's home. The faded green panels covered in dead vines creeping up to the section of the roof splitting the two levels of the house. The concrete walkway, a little more cracked than he remembered leading up the stairs, to the deep chocolate door, with a large wreath sitting squarely in the center. All of Mary's colorful flowers now dead bushes, covered in a thin layer of white. Holding lights and blue and silver bulbs on most of them. Much of the roof, hardly a recognizable color under the built-up snow. On the lawn sits a few reindeer that will surely be lit up like the house lights tonight.
Cas stops his laughter after a moment as well a smile still on his lips, and something else. An unreadable expression in his eyes as he looks at Dean "What?"
Cas looks towards Dean, who is picking at his cuticles, squaring up his shoulders. The tell-tell that he is nervous, masking it as he always does. Cas has seen it enough times to know. There is something in his nervousness Cas just can't handle.
Sam and Bobby join the two of them as they walk away leaving John alone.
Something like yesterday is back. That moment the tension between them.
The dog sits there as if waiting for more pets when Dean pulls back with a small chuckle.
Dean looks around at everyone at everyone, each with a smile on their face. Then around at the house, he and Cas built together. A house that is growing, with a new nursery drying upstairs. Everything the two have always hoped for, and never thought they would have.
Cas shook his head trying to process “I-you-y” his voice broke. More like shattered.
“Wow,” she says to Lucifer, “Slower than they look”
It comes to be the turning point in their friendship. The first time they truly connect as friends. Delve into each other’s beings – bond.
Cas felt his entire face burst into flames. He was glad the makeup would cover some of the redness. Couple. They are a real couple. His heart fluttered some more.
Sam rolls his eyes, but seems pleased that Dean is back to his lame jokes “yeah or vampires”
Cas nods silently, “We do”
Castiel swallows thickly around the lump that’s built in his throat.
Cas nods in understanding, probably thinking Dean wants some time with his brother; because that is just who he is, thoughtful, "Okay"
Dean nods stepping away from the counter, “Just me, you, Jack, and… Cas”
The heated stare on Cas's face remains but Dean, he isn't sure what to think. In his whole life he has never heard his father utter anything resembling an apology, and now he's apologizing twice at one time.
Dean promptly likes Anna. She is fierce and snarky albeit a tad lost much like Cas but less. It seems at least to Dean, that Jo and Anna are happy with each other.
“Dad” Jack grabs his father figure, hauling him up, Cas wraps an arm around Jacks shoulder, leaning heavily against him. He feels tired, weak, so entirely human.
No response, Cas pushes the door open expecting to see the hunter asleep in the bed probably forgetting to turn off the light.
Dean closes his eyes for a second just resting in the warm hand of the angel feeling Cas’s words in his heart. Thoughts, words Dean doesn’t even know yet stand heavy on his tongue but what comes out is “Don’t do this Cas”
Somewhere he heard that people that love each other give each other hearts and things on valentines day. Which was only two days away. Sure Cas loved Dean in a different way, a romantic way which he knew the green eyed man would never reciprocate. The cards and things in the store for the holiday didn’t seem strictly romantic, some were familia love, he even seen one for just friends. If that was all Cas could get then he would take it.  Growing old now with him, even as platonic as it may be is enough. Dean had made it clear that this wouldn’t be like last time that he would never kick Cas out the bunker again. Graceless or not. Cas was glad for it, he wasn’t sure he could handle his regained human status without a home again.
“Thanks, I’m glad you like it” Dean grins though it lacks its usual luster, looking around. Cas’s has a few of the same elements to his room. But he also had books that weren’t just for school and more academia and nature elements as well, “Was Bobby okay on you?”
Michael stands at the side of the table near Lucifer frowning at him.
Cas looks at his shoelaces with a frown “Crowley the one you beat up; he bullies most of the younger kids. It’s not just me. But um everyone calls me feathers cause well,” Cas twirls the feather in his fingers “I collect them.”
For a while the two just sit there processing everything. Sitting on the bed leaned back against the wall, and when Sammy barges into Dean’s room demanding they go with his to the library the tension has subsided.
The lobotomies – of course.
Through watery eyes, Castiel looks at his beloved feather, which is now sitting sadly in a dirty puddle. More tears fall clouding his vision of the feather, as Crowley raises, his foot again to stomp it out.
Dean nodded, not that he’d admit but his shift had been over thirty minutes ago but, he stayed to see a certain messy haired guy who hadn’t come in yet. Cas took a sip of his drink, placing it back down, “good can you give me a ride back to my dorm my car won’t start”
Luckily his brother, isn’t denser than a box of rocks. His years at Stanford’s pre-law program has paid off. When Dean and Cas first got their heads out of their asses, a few months back and realized that during their decade long friendship they had fallen head over heels for each other. Sammy had been the one to spot the change in their relationship status instantly. He told them as much right before he and their mutual best friend Charlie started fangirling over their OTP finally getting together; whatever that means. Dean had taken a collective sigh of relief that day, though he would never admit it to his brother. His sexuality, Cas being his boyfriend, that hadn’t even matter to Sam. He was just happy for his brother. Almost annoyingly ecstatic really.
“You do?” Castiel asks again dumbfounded, “As in lovers”
Cas feels his heart drop, obviously he was reading to much into Dean’s words. He felt so stupid for thinking - thinking Dean could have meant something.
Asherah pulls her youngest son to her chest, “Because baby sometimes we have to set the ones we love free. We have to let them fly away.”
When he turns, he sees it “Woah, woah, look at you” His voice pitches a few octaves higher, as he bends down, “How did Chuck miss you”
They don’t talk about it after that they just give each other a look, and then follow Sam to the library.
“Wait for it” Lucifer winks at them. Silence still hovers as she lays there stiff as a bored. Dean raises his eyebrow.
Inside he’s still sluggish and aching, but it’s better.
“All right well that’s a good thing, ‘cause the man had no love to give –“ Lucifer says as if it is a joke with only a hint of bitterness behind his words.
“Yeah, I think I like this story. A real page turner.” Chuck declares before disappearing for good this time.
Quietly he pulls his arm off of Dean careful not to wake him. His whole body, aflame. Praying to everything holy and good that Dean doesn't wake up. He doesn't think he could handle the mortification of this implication of his feelings.
So he doesn’t say anything except “maybe you just need to read it to understand Dean”
“Hello Dean,” John shrugs off his coat, switching the presents from hand to hand to take it off. While somehow simultaneously removing his work boots. He gives Cas a quick handshake, “and Castiel. How have you two been?”
Dean doesn’t look up but hums a sure in response.
“Yeah, you should really tell us” Sam pry’s, crossing his arms over his chest. Dean feels his anger flare.
Of course Cas would be a corny boyfriend. Dean expected nothing less than corny.
Just before they finish the last of the cookies the timer on the oven goes off.
“I am aware” Cas nodded and Dean felt his heart skip a beat in his chest, “But Sam explained it can also be for familial and friendly love as well”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas placing a kiss to the top of his head, soaking in the Christmas day. The couple watches everyone else, tucked away in their own little bubble of bittersweet love and happiness.
That night the couple walks into the already raging party for the first but definitely not the last time with sappy smiles and laced finger. A bird and a punk. Some how they win best dressed couple, because even though they don’t go together it just somehow works.
"What about Sam, and Bobby?" Cas asked about Dean's brother and father figure. though he had to admit there was a bubble of hope, and even if there wasn't. Cas could stand a million more years with his own family if it meant being with Dean.
Jack flinches nearly jumping out of his own skin but when he looks back, he sees a woman with long brown hair standing. Betty, he figures based on the God book open in her hands, “I have opened the book.”
Dean cast his eyes away, studying the bee covered comforter on Cas’s bed “I mean, if you-“
Cas lays his head on Deans shoulder, of course just to keep up the act. Not because Dean looks to entirely warm and inviting.
Cas sighs, he liked it better when Dean was calling him angel.
Dean scrunches his face up painfully pointing to his back. The movements making it hurt all the more, “There’s something in my” he stutters “Something in my back. It feels like it’s right through me.”
"Cas!" Dean practically screeched with laughter. Looking him up and down. The sweater looked like a fake tux with a blue tie, all over the blue vest was covered in snowflakes. The tie read Merry in silver glitter, "This is perfect. I definitely prefer this tie over the other, really brings out your- eyhee - eyeees - eyes"
Today, Dean didn’t know why but he had a feeling like he just had to be there to see Cas.
“Hey Cas” Dean greeted sitting across from Cas, sliding over his drink.
Cas nods, with a thoughtful look on his face, the one that he once drunkenly told Dean he had been counting the freckles on his face. This thought still made Dean blush even after all these months together, “Of course Dean. I just want to be here for you, and I want to meet your family.”
Cas glanced away, he hadn’t yet looked Dean in the eye. Which only proved to make Dean feel all the more guilty “That’s good, but why? You could have picked her up.”
“The angel is right” The shadow sneers at Jack whose lips are tugged into a frown, arms crossed over his chest, “Casstiel is my property. He belongs here with me. Asleep! Asleep forever! We made a deal! The angel is mine!” The shadow screams through black goo, it’s presence ever daunting as it approaches Jack. A sinister expression covers the goo where a face would be.
After Gabriel left no one ever cared, for years, except Dean. Countless nights he begged for Gabriel to come back, to save him, to do anything except just sending him postcards and letters. He didn't. In time Cas accepted this because he wouldn't have left in those years anyway, because of Dean. Even all the slurs, all the ignoring, and all the pain, there was Dean.
Amara frowns, looking at the brothers who are skeptical, wary of her. She looks different now softer, with less hard features on her face, even the mark is gone from her shoulder, “Look I know, you are worried. After everything I did, trusting my brother – protecting him. But you should understand Dean.” She swallows, and Dean nods he can understand, still that doesn’t mean they can trust her, “I learned, I apologize for my part in my brother’s actions. I didn’t realize just how Chuck he was till we became one. I could see every part of him. I won’t be like him. I won’t be hands on.”
That’s when he hears it, a small bark in the distance. For a moment he thinks maybe everything has finally caught up with him and he just lost it, but then he hears it again.
The sentiment barely registered in his mind, and yet still played in a repetitive loop over and over. He changed this angel, a heavenly being of purity and light, he affected him.
Once again for the last time perhaps Team Free Will is in the impala, speeding down the road. As Sam explained the spell had a certain set of ingredients which had to combined in a specific location. At a certain angle from the sun. The edge of a set of trees, down on an empty patch of dirt leading down to the open water of a lake, still full of life. Dean pulled into the opening they begun the spell combining the ingredients. Sam said a few words of enochian over the spell the book in the center of the three bowls of ingredients.
“We will take them home.” Jack states, when Sam standing. Then he grabs one of the boys’ hands and Sam’s shoulder, “Amara is calling me back. After the boys. I will visit again soon.”
And I never told you.
“Your moms seem nice” Castiel states turning back to his freckled face new friend.
Still Eileen looks taken aback, and with a giddy smile she signs back, ‘you can sign’
Dean chuckles at his younger brother “This is Cas my new friend. I saved him from some bullies.” Emphasizing his point, he flexes his almost non-existent arm muscles.
“Sorry” Sam says sheepishly with his puppy dog eyes. It’s not entirely his fault though, that he is more excited to see Cas. Dean doesn’t have anyone else, except his larping friend Charlie, to talk nonstop about his unrequited love too, “I missed you guys”
Castiel could feel those same eyes on him from where he was perched on the little ottoman beside the window watching the bird with apt curiosity. The bird hopped around in the cage flapping it’s wings wildly.
“Getting anything good?” Dean nudges Cas, looking at his assortment of gifts unopened and opened.
Everyone cackles at Cas’s choice in swearing. Eventually Cas joins in till they fall back into a other joyful conversation.
“As long as Lucifer is gone.” Michael says after some time, exhaling heavily. Privy to the heavy atmosphere, “That is all that matters.”
Cas snaps his eyes back over to Dean, "that was almost a month ago Dean. You aren't still hung up on him are you."
Jack stands a little taller, holds his shoulders a little broader.
"Right" Dean stepped back with a flinch. For the briefest of moments, before Dean flopped down onto the bed, Cas swore he saw sadness flash across his features. But it was gone before he could tell.
Castiel leans against the impala, as Dean rounds it to the trunk. He catches the tan piece of cloth; the hunter tosses to him. His original trench coat – the one from the lake. Dean kept it. Cas sheds off the burnt one slipping the other on. Inside the pocket he feels the small bee shaped charm Dean gave him from a truck stop during one of their hunts.
Dean only realizes what is happening when he feels the rough callouses of Cas’s hand on his cheek. He reaches up with his own, his fingers resting delicately on the angel’s wrist. Without consciousness he feels himself leaning into the touch. There is a beat of silence where they just looked into each other’s tear tormented eyes, holding within them every moment they held together. Dean opens his mouth a sigh of ‘Cas’ nearly slipping between his teeth.
"Okay"
“The radiance of your soul shines brighter, even than the first beacon of light god created” Dean recited one of the lines written on his cast which should have been his first clue Sam didn’t write it. Sam might know a mean pick up line or two but he isn’t cut out for eloquent romantic shit, “That sounds romantic like a sweet nothing shared between lovers.”
Cas tilted his head to the side in confusion, but then a huge gummy smile spread across his face, “Thank you Dean” Cas mumbled his face covered with a pink blush as he looked at their joined hands.
She smiles up at Sam and then back at everyone else. She both signs and says aloud “hello everyone”
Except now there are no people to save, no things to hunt. Dean can drive as far over the speed limit as he wants without consequence. The deafening silence between, Castiel and Dean, drowns even the music. And the hopeless sense of reckless defeat weighs on them knowing they are the cause of all of this. Even if Chuck did it, they couldn’t stop him. Another day at the end of the world.
Cas nodded miserable waiting for the cruel laughter, or maybe the yelling about how disgusting he is, but nothing came but stock silence. Finally, Cas pulled his eyes from the cracked concrete beneath his feet, only to be met with the last thing he expected a smile. A warm and gooey smile that reminded him of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
His eyes trace each flurry from the highest point of the window pane, till they are destroyed on the dark road below. Illuminated only by a single street lamp.
When Anna fell in love with her newest boyfriend that’s when Cas noticed a difference, she began to pull away. Bottles always littered her room, and she always looked pale, and sad. She began to treat him cold like his eldest brothers and yelled at him when he wanted to spend time with her.
Suddenly it became clear to Dean it doesn’t matter what John thinks, what the rest of the world thinks. All that matters, are the people who support him and will stand by him. All that matters is right here, with Cas, and Sam, and Bobby.
Sam regards Dean with a calculating look, which he promptly ignores snatching the impala keys off the counter. Throwing on his jacket, the gaping hole in his chest expanding as he sees the bloody handprint on the side, “I don’t think that is a good idea Dean”
When he reopens them Castiel is gone.
Chuck turns, pushing back against Dean shoving him beside his brother  “Really Dean you are trying to defend him, when you know it’s true.”
“You are right” Dean says simple. Cas lets out a strangled gasp, his heart shattering all over in his chest. He knew this was coming though. The hunter is too good for him, why would he feel the same, “I hate you. I hate that you made that deal. I hate that you came with me. I hate that you left. I hate that you said those three fucking words. I hate that you pushed me away. I hate that you left me with nothing. I hate that you didn’t even give me a chance to say anything. I hate that you saved me. That you saved the whole goddamn world, but you didn’t save yourself. I hate you because I so fucking in love with you, you stupid, stupid angel. I love you Cas.”
Cas rolls into Dean, "No Dean baby, I'm sweepy." Cas clutches at Deans coat, his breath warm against his face at their closeness, "want five more minutes -"
Cas nods joyfully, reaching over his lap to grab something, “Look Dean it’s a bee shaped mug, it’s even got a little wing as the handle” He beams displaying the gift in the palm of his hand.
Cas now had tears building in his eyes, both arms still wrapped around Dean’s waist to hold him. Bringing them closer than they ever seemed to be, except on their deathbeds, “Yes Dean. You know I love you. I apologize tha-ump”
Saving people, hunting things, the family business.
Jack nods, “They aren’t his powers anymore.” Cas places a comforting hand on Jack shoulders proud of his son. Jack smiles back at him, giving him a hug, and Chuck looks at it with confusion and realization and loss.
“Of course Dean” his heart flutters as he nods.
It’s as if something has changed, but before anything can happen there’s a knock on the door.
Dean looks in the rearview mirror, there he sits. Those mesmerizing blue eyes looking back at him. His heart stutters in his chest, and he feels truly happy.
"That's no fair Dean" Cas pouts crossing his arms over his chest. The frown tugs at Dean's heartstrings but not enough to switch back.
Castiel didn't want to leave. When Amara offered, he wanted to say no, stay with the Winchesters - Dean. In whatever way he would have him. But he looked at Dean and the hunter didn’t say a word.
Dean feels Cas's glove clad hand, press against his cheeks. His heart beats faster, leaning into the touch. Like a touch starved boy.
Thump
Cas didn’t know what to think, surely it was a joke.
Because it’s the night he’s finally free.
His tone is bored and uncaring, yet it still makes Dean clench his hands. The blunt end of his fingertips pressing into his palms creating crescent moon divots in them, “Don’t” he bites out.
“Well come on in” Dean beckons his parents the couple stepping away from the door, “Everyone is already in the living room”
"Boy, let's just stop with the politeness." John cuts him off holding up his hand. His voice rippling like the flames of hell fire, "We both know what you and Dean are doing. It's pathetic, faking your 'love' in front of me just because Dean's learned a fancy new word bisexual. I don't know how he roped you into it, but you can stop now. We all know it's fake."
Cas smiles warmly at the family, a family he hopes is his own now, and well kind of has been for a long time now, “It’s my pleasure to.”
“As long as you can make pie, I’ll love you forever” Dean states getting a little too caught up in the banter. Though if anyone can make him pie he would love them forever.
"Castiel" John commands sternly entering the kitchen.
"Castiel, like the angel of Thursday."
Already forgotten.
“Welcome in son” a waitress greets from across a white counter, a few sliver stools with red cushions sitting in front of it.
A prayer. Sam’s prayer “Cas please Dean’s dying”
Dean wraps his arm around the shorter boy. Laughing at the way his dark sex-hair looks even messier from the wind. He looks down to Cas. In that moment his heart swells in is chest, with love and a little bit of fear that soon he’s going to lose this.
"We have all summer Cas to run, and then come with me. We can be together, you don't know how long I've wanted this. Fuck your shitty, homophobic family. Come on Cas, let's do it, be my boyfriend, run away with me."
Mary nods, a few bags balanced precariously on her arms, "You two fell asleep, it's almost ten, I was going to head home, the Singers are already gone back home."
Before Cas could make out another sound Dean had his hand wrapped behind Cas’s neck the other on his cheek.
“Utterly handsome” Cas laughs giddily, punching Dean on the shoulder. A small blush on his cheeks.
The kiss their probably about to share. He drinks the rest of the bottle.
“Mel” Dean smiles holding out his arms and scooping up their child, “There’s our girl”
Dean walks away like a zombie, the ground quicksand beneath his feet.
Sam gives him an appreciative look when he sees him, right before they hop into the impala speeding down the road. He even turns the music on and taps his finger to the beat, on their drive.
Part of him thought about telling Dean when his heart broke watching them kiss, but he would never do that he was too afraid. That was always his downfall though wasn't it that he is too afraid.
He closes his eyes. Begging to make it in time.
Dean looks around the diner he stomped into, slowing to a walk as Sam follows him in. Both him and Sam look around both hoping for any sign of life, but there is none to be found. Only the soft hum of the music playing from the stereos around the bar/diner. Plates of half-eaten food, and bottles of nearly finished beer sit abandoned on the tables and along the bar. Chairs scooted out where people had once sat.  A tray lies at the far end of the diner, shattered pieces of glass all around it, and a puddle of drying beer.
"I don't understand, we sit on hay and a tractor pulls us" Dean overheard the brown-haired boy beside him ask his red-haired friend.
“We’re screwed” Dean says, then leans his head back against the cold tiled wall, closing his eyes. Jaw tight and shoulders tense. Speaking of if they make it, he’s going to need a massage and maybe a weeklong spa trip too. Girlyness be damn, just as long as it’s not ran by any fish-taco monsters.
“-and are you important to my boy?” John frowns his hands clasped over the table; everyone’s food left untouched.
“And I thought you were rejecting me dude” Dean shook his head, but happiness still radiated off him. Nothing could ruin his mood right now. “I want to hear  your sweet nothings, and be your romantic valentine, your boyfriend, your lover, and whatever you’ll take me as I want to be it, forever. I love you too, idiot”
They gasp once they’re out pointing their shaking small fingers behind Sam and Dean. Paling as they, cower into each other. Dean recalls a reflection just like this on the first hunting trip John took both Sam and Dean on.
The girl laughed ”I understand” she darted her eyes to the other man understanding Dean’s reference to liking Cas. Something that Cas didn't quite pick up on.
He grabs a bottle of whiskey from his stash in the kitchen, at the ready to numb himself to sleep. As he pads back to his room bottle in hand he pauses at Cas’s door. Light is almost always streaming from the crack below the door when the angel is around. Tonight, it isn’t.
Somehow this felt worse than the panic, than the not knowing about this thing going on between them. The flat-out rejection seemed to suck the air out of every corner of the kitchen. Leaving Dean with burning lungs, and an aching feeling in his chest. In that moment he wondered if it was possible to die of a broken heart, maybe he should ask one of the reapers, maybe he wouldn’t have to.
With Cas so close, the way he stuck out his  tongue just a bit while concentrating. Dean couldn’t help it. He snagged a few more kisses.
Dean hesitated for a moment before speaking "It's fun, the wind whips around y -" his words got caught in his throat by the brightest blue eyes looking at him. The boy was strikingly handsome, his impish eyes, the first starting of stubble on his sculpted jaw. Dean coughed regaining his composure "The wind whips around you with the smell of fall, and you get to see the array of colors on the trees. Then you end up at the carnival."
“Then we will deal with it together” Cas states firmly sliding across the Impala’s bench seat to press a soft kiss to Dean’s lips. Which Dean quickly melts into, though the tension in his shoulders isn’t completely lost.
“No” Cas hid his face, biting out the remark. He couldn’t help the sharpness of his voice, not when he saw Dean’s frown.
When the sights around him become clear and he can see the stricken face of his hunter once again it finally dawns on him what he just did. The worry about everything else, the empty, Billie, Chuck, it all fades. All there is, is Dean holding his broken vessel to close to look anywhere but at him, and the words of his confession hanging heavily above them. So, he gives in he holds his breath and watches as the hunter opens and closes his mouth struggling for words. Cas knows what’s coming, he doesn’t need an explanation why or an apology. He has already made peace with the loss of something he never had. Instead, he feels embarrassed, and a little scared he didn’t think he would have to face his rejection he sacrificed himself for Dean. He wasn’t supposed to live to hear the I don’t love you the way you love me. He wasn’t supposed to live to see the fissures, to watch as Dean pushes him away because he’s uncomfortable.
Of course, he would realize he likes Cas when he finds out the angel likes Sam. His own brother for Chuck’s sake.
“What’s it going to be?” Lucifer still taunts impervious to the anger coming from Jack, “What do you say?”
Cas the nickname Dean gave him now betraying him. His anger diminishes, now just burnt ash.
Noel, Noel
Gabriel and Anna were good to him they had begun to pick their usual sibling banter back up after their father had gone for a long while. They always protected him from the wrath of Lucifer and Michael. He loved his two siblings. Different as they were, Anna was the self-reserved girl who had a supply of new boyfriends whom she fell in love with easily and always ended with a broken heart.  She just wanted love, Cas could tell even though she hardly voiced her vulnerabilities. Gabe on the other hand was an open book, giddy and childlike. Always pulling pranks but never getting caught, he had a new lover and lover was all they were on his arm every week. Castiel somehow fit into the dynamic, the younger brother.
“Sweet nothings?” Cas questioned with a tilt of his head cutting Dean off. He pulled a chair over to converse with Dean as he did so.
Jody smirks “You can just call me Jody, I’m Dean’s um – well guardian I suppose.”
“and”
"Why don't you go check on them dear" Mary waves her hand to the door from where she sits in a yellow chair across from him. Directing the conversation away from Cas, back to Ellen.
When they break apart, a dizziness settles in Cas’s head, just as the night before.
”actually” Dean straightens up beside Cas before dropping their hands together, fingers interlocking. Cas gives a squeezing urging him to continue ”Cas is my boyfriend.”
“why” Deans voice slurred slightly as Cas wrapped his arms around him ”Why do people care, why does he care? It's not their life. I don’t understand. Why is it wrong, because our genitals are the same. I don’t understand.”
The tears nearly fall from Dean’s eyes as Cas’s hand slips away. He turns sharply behind himself, at the sound of the empty emerging from thin air. Just as his heart rate speeds the door slams open revealing Billie. Pinned by two evils. Dean spins around absorbing his final moments with Cas begging for more. Not once however does Cas’s eyes leave Dean’s.
The stranger cracked a large smile, one that Dean hoped he would get the pleasure of seeing time and time again "I love flying, my name is Castiel by the way this is my friend Charlie" he introduced pointed to the red-haired girl he was previously talking to.
Jack can feel everything all of God’s powers becoming his own. Amara is there too a little voice in the back of his head, glad to be rid of Chuck. He feels as Chuck turns human beneath his hands, and he grants him this mercy allowing him to survive. Chuck lets out a final gasp of pain, the final surge of power, and Jack lets him go from his grasp. Chuck falls to the ground in a heap, a simple human. Jack towers over him glowing with light, with power.
The new God.
Melissa goes back to her toys bouncing around as Sam and Eileen watch her. Dean and Cas join her sitting down cuddled into each other backs to their fireplace. There is something so familiar about it. Just like their first Christmas together, minus Jo who is meeting her new girlfriend’s parents for the first time, but promised to see them at New Years.
“It was Chuck. This whole time it’s been Chuck not Billie.”
Dean smiled placing another kiss to Cas’s lips “I love you too soon to be Castiel Winchester”
A repetitive banging grew louder by the second. Billie ever closer to breeching the magical barrier between them and the deadly end of her scythe. It felt as if at any second the metal door would shatter, and shrapnel would fly out in all directions. Yet in that moment all Cas focused on was the green eyes of the man he loved above all else.
When Dean reads the last ones his heart drops, the world freezing around him. He can't hear his music anymore over the pounding of his heart in his feet.
“Fuck” Dean moans, kissing Cas’s neck “Love you too Cas”
“It matters to me Dean” Cas says softly, tucking a finger beneath Dean’s jaw and pulling his face back up. A tender movement, Dean drunkenly leans into, “Please just tell me. What is wrong?”
All I could manage out was a lousy ”I need you”
Castiel looks around at the field he landed in or more accurate the ditch beside a small road. A chipped old sign reads ‘Welcome to Junction city Kansas’. Cas recalls a case the brothers had here working with Garth a monster you had to get drunk to see. From the looks of what Cas could see of the broken-down town, it seemed fitting.
“Oh” Cas drops them instantly.
Dean gazed out of the barista station in Cas’s direction watching him frown at his paper and then erase what he wrote. No, they couldn’t be right, could they?
Looking over at Dean’s face Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek.
“Thank you, Bobby, Sam, Cas” Dean pecks Cas’s cheek, the fighting stops. Dean looks at the man who is supposed to be his father, “I thought things could be different. That you could be different, that you could change. But you will always be the same, John. You will always be stuck in your narrow-minded prison, while the rest of the world is happy and moves on without you. I wonder what mom would think of who you are now.”
After a moment Cas nodded "okay"
“Nah man you wouldn’t be. Mary has missed you, and well John well - he’s John but that’s not the point. Plus they were expecting me to bring Benny before so...” He trails off referring to his ex-boyfriend, a wicked smile growing on his face “and Sam will be there too. I’m pretty sure you’ll get to see his new girlfriend, you still remember some ASL right?”
He reaches up with his hand. Unconscious of his own actions as he looks at Cas’s stricken face. Gently with the soft pad of his thumb he brushes the tear from Cas’s face.
"Um..." Dean coughed, but didn't make a move to leave Cas's clutches "Yeah. Thanks, sorry about John."
In response Dean smirked.
The rest of the night Cas can’t even bring himself to care that he has to make himself dinner again, happy to see Dean.
Dean squeezed his hand grumbling “Fine but only because I want to flaunt as the best dressed couple.”
“Dean” Sam said, Dean snapped around his heart stopping in his chest he couldn’t move.
A collective sigh falls around the room. Each of them looking despondently at the useless book.
All three of them wrapped perfectly around Castiel, like a sleepy burrito. All nestled into the blankets. Cas clutching the blankets to his chest.
“No” Sam cuts him off shaking his head.
His brother’s fingers tremble over the screen, he almost drops it. Dean groans, “It feels like this thing’s holdin me together” He presses his head back against the post, screwing his eyes shut.
“What” Dean huffs, talking between the last of his frosted cookie in his mouth “why didn’t you tell me you were going to be alone for Christmas”
He thumbs at the mixtape in his trench coat, feeling… numb.
"John hello" Cas stuck out his hand to John choosing to ignore the sneering words. At least for Dean's sake.
“I don’t know” Jack says thoughtfully, “But I feel it.”
"Go help Mary in the kitchen, or stay here and watch the movie," Dean says after popping up on his feet. Pushing down both of Cas's hands which he is holding, "Me and Sammy can do the table"
“Hm,” Cas looks away from the sprinkle popping it in his mouth.
"Hey where is Sam?" Dean asked aloud from where he was cuddled up with Cas on the couch. His arms tangled around Cas's body, one hand lovingly stroking his hair. Appearing sickly in love. The thing that scared him was how easy, how normal it all felt to be with Cas.
Dean snorts "Sure that's easy for you to say when you have a pretty girl to learn to sign for."
Michael aims a ball of burning grace towards him, throwing it directly at him. However, at the last moment, Lucifer disappears, and the ball crashes into the wall and burns out. Jack who has been working on getting the archangel blade from the hideaway hole in the wall nearest him, all the while trying to stay up right from the surges of power, from either. Uses this opportunity to toss Michael the blade, while Lucifer won’t see what’s coming. Michael stuffs it into the waist of his pants, just before Lucifer re appears on the other side of the table. Saying “Wow getting rusty Mikey” Then his eyes light up and just as Michaels did, he shoots a ball of burning grace from his hand directing it at the archangel, “Goodbye”
“You think we’re all that’s left?” Sam asks.
Cas bares all of his weight, without hesitation. His arms wrapping around Dean’s upper body. The hunter is ice cold. He places his hand on the wound. Immediately he floods Dean’s body with his grace. Patching up the Winchester just as he did in hell. Cas knows Dean so entirely he doesn’t even have to think of each fiber as his grace fills it, “You are not dying Dean. I won’t let you.”
“Alright” Sam chuckles letting Dean have is fun.
“See for yourself” Sam says dropping the open God Book on the ground in front of him. They all look down on him watching as he flips through the blank pages, his fingers groping the pages frantically. There is no compassion in their gazes not for Chuck.
The two talk about the case on the hood of the impala off in the grass beside a back road. Comparing this case with the old one their dad recorded.
“Let me ask Bobby” Dean says excitedly. When he comes back with the confirmative, they plan. Cas continuously thanks his sister, after saying goodbye to Dean. Before she snatches the phone from his hand with a no problem.
Dean sighs, shaking his head “I don’t know”
“What about Adam” Dean asks tentatively bracing himself for the answer.
“I am okay” Cas manages squeezing his eyes shut tight, and he is – or will be.
“You know my mom use to call me angel each time I brought her the feathers before she passed.” Cas says sadly his voice an octave deeper than before, looking into the distance. It seemed sad for someone so young to experience so much pain, but Dean could understand.
It would seem as though, Dean hadn’t noticed either or more happily just doesn’t care. Because he leans down and gives Cas a peck on the lips as an apology. Though the peck turns into a few light kisses – that almost feel like love.
Cas reels backwards, his words caught in his throat in a large tangled up lump. He lifts his chin up avoiding the way his heart has dropped to his feet, "Right" he croaks.
Cas outstretched his hand up to the blond hair man he just met "Come on Dean"
Castiel feels like the missing piece of him clicks. Part of him wishes this were actually real because it feels so much like home. Like family, something he hasn't had for years. It warms him somewhere deep, convincing him maybe he can have this. The way that Dean looks at him, he thinks maybe he isn't the only one not playing pretend but, it's all an act for Dean. His thoughts remind him.
Dean jotted that down too, sending him a wide smile before retreating to his coffee machines. But not before he managed to nearly trip over his feet twice. Castiel quirked his eyebrow up at Dean’s confusing behavior but dismissed it to make his way to his usual table.
“Everyone’s gone” Sam states to his brother, and then glances to Cas who’s leaning weakly against the Impala. The char marks still visible on his skin, along with the healing flesh all along his body. Though his eyes have healed no longer looking like popped beach balls inside his sockets. The flicker of grace regenerating inside of him had become his main priority rather than his outward symptoms. It seems as if Sam is about to question it but instead, he continues, “Did you guys see anybody on the way here?”
"I think I fucked up, and I mean big time Sammy" Dean's lip wobbles slightly, "With Cas"
"Interesting"
When he says Yes, Dean can feel himself breath again. He feels alive again.
”Okay, I definitely will though” Dean joked feeling butterflies rumbling in his stomach. God, he is whipped no matter how he tries to deny it.
There is such determination in his voice. Cas drops his head to Dean’s shoulder too as the grace drains away. Cas feels so raw in this moment. Holding each other in a close embrace. He feels the gentle kiss of Dean’s lips on his shoulder. Dean’s fingers tighten around the tan cloth, as Cas breath’s the life back into his fragile human.
John slams his fork down onto his plate not loud enough to stir the surrounding diners but enough to send his message, “That’s my point” John spits at Cas, “I knew- I knew the first day I walked into that apartment when they were just roommates how Castiel looked at him. I knew he would ruin him even more. The boy was already so weak, practically worthless even from a young age.”
With that in mind he starts back at it, consulting with Jack and Amara. Rebuilding once more. Every part, for each place. Till after days of work, dedication, and grace, heaven is complete and renewed.
“I don’t care” Dean shakes his head, with an affectionate chuckle. Then he smashes their lips together. Cas lets his eyes fall shut, as the breath is knocked out of him. Dean’s lips are soft, cold. Salty and wet from the tears and the rain. But its perfect. The kiss is filled with warmth and pleading. Making up for all the years they lost, all the death they’ve suffered. Filled with all the love they have. Filled with everything.
Chuck opens his eyes turning to look at them “Wait” he whines “What?”
A gasp shutters from his body when his sight returns to him. First too bright, then looking at the being in his lap too dark. Scorch marks char up Castiel’s face, disfiguring his body as the blue light of his grace flickers dimly from the meaty burn wounds, attempting to heal him. Spurting out like the dying embers of a firecracker. His trench coat is riddled with burnt pieces, falling from his side like ash. Dripping with a gooey black – death is the only thing Dean can think. There is a limpness and shallowness of Cas’s breath that’s uncharacteristically human. Dean looks away, noticing the pile of ash and the cracked metal end of Billie’s scythe where she once stood. And the empty is just gone, the only traces of it remaining is the burn mark on where the wall met the floor behind the hunter, and the small pools of tar like substance splattered across the room. Dripping, still dripping.
I didn't realize you wanted more, I didn't think I could be the one. But when I saw you with another me with the empty. You kissed him, him who you thought was me. An instant of happiness that he needed to take you. But it wasn't real and it wasn't me, because I never told you.
The air is punched from Dean’s gut.
It's like a plate shattering in the middle of a busy restaurant. Silence weighs over them. The final straw in a house made of them. Castiel know this is it after this it’s all or nothing. He pushes his hands down to his side forcing them from Dean’s own.
‘Lovely to meet you, Sam has gushed to me about you’ Cas signs and says. Though his signing is a bit slow and sloppy from lack of practice.
Dean nodded reluctantly.
“Yeah but that’s Sam, the little genius” Dean chuckled and the fell into comfortable silence. Only the radio played in the air.
Cas sighs from across the table.
In a rapid pace, Dean gets himself woken for a fresh day. The clock reading seven thirty. Normally it would be strange for Dean to be awake this early but today isn’t just any normal day, today is Christmas Day.
Dean nods at his Sam who gives an approving thumbs up, and mouths ‘finally’. To which he flips his little brother off. Then just because kisses Cas long and hot, his tongue swiping the inside of his mouth.
“Actually, it does” Chuck declares cutting him off and snapping his fingers together.
Cas keeps running. His feet pounding the floor as he rounds a corner. Down the endless maze of heaven’s halls. His voice raw from screaming. Vision blurred.
”I meant can you kiss?” Dean rolled his eyes.
Michael raises his eyebrows his mouth forming an o shape.
Dean’s breath hitches, he pushes himself away off baby’s hood. He paces shoving his hand through his hair, “Damn it Cas” Dean roars.
“Sorry Chuck” Dean says. Chuck screws his eyes shut, shields himself with his arms, bracing for an impact that doesn’t come. The four of them walk past him, Cas picking up the god book as they go. Towards the impala.
“Awesome!” Dean grins from ear to ear, plopping the hat on his head. With a signature swipe on the brim, he asks in a seductive manner, raising an eyebrow to Cas, “how do I look?”
“Of course”
"Merry Christmas Mary" Cas yawns grabbing a mug from the shelf and pouring himself a cup of steaming coffee.
Dean beckons the dog. Deciding Miracle is the perfect name, after all that what he is. For the first time since everything Dean feels a flicker of hope and feels a small smile creep on to his face. It’s almost comical to him, that a dog of all things is what does it.
It feels as if all the tension and seriousness of the reconciliation are lost in the doorway to the living room. As they cross.
Cas would have done this in the daytime with Dean, but he wanted it to be a surprise. Not only because he had trouble getting to sleep lately now that he became human. Sleeping is complicated and annoying sometimes.
“I love you”
“See that’s not who I am” Dean says, and he sounds so sure of himself when he says it, “That’s not who we are. It just took someone really important saying it.” He places a hand on Cas’s forearm, before the book, “To make me understand that.”
Cas pulls away rolling to the side of Dean “You better make good on that promise”
Sam crinkled his eyebrows in confusion, and Dean heard him start to tap his foot beneath the table nervously, "what do you mean, surely you couldn't have done anything that bad you're finally together after all these years of pining"
”Yes you do” Dean spits bitterly, tears welling up in his eyes again, “Don’t pity me Cas. I know your stupid list is about him”.
It started to seem to Cas though that no matter Dean’s reasoning he made Cas feel as though he had to hide more and more. Something he didn't want to do; not anymore, not after his aunt who raised him.
After the last house the Winchester and Singer families make their way to the festival in the center of town. Adorn with a rainbow spectacle of lights, hanging over the entire park. From tree to tree, white lights spiral up them. Each pine tree decked out with bulbs, and cranberry and popcorn stringing around them. Little booths, holding cookies, hot chocolate, small little trinkets, and so forth, all surround the park. Smiling faces behind them explaining what each of them have to offer. Families walking about in the snow, children making snow angels, couples clinging to each other with such adoration.
Out of breath Cas pushed back “Stop - okay” he giggled “Stop I don’t want you to ruin this.”
“Well then I'm making it my mission to find a drink you will like” Dean stated defiantly, huffing as he popped a piece back into place. A little bit of relief jolting through him.
His mind flashes back, all those years ago. To the original barn when sparks flew and Castiel angel of the lord entered. The way his heart stopped when those doors flung open and restarted when the shadows of his wings splayed across the walls. The scene before him is so reminiscent of that moment. Dean would be okay with this being his last one.
“Dead. Yeahh” Lucifer drags directing his attention away from Castiel and towards the Winchester brothers. He gives Sam a dirty look then returns to his explanation, “Not so much anymore. Got spit out by the empty, guess your big guns weren’t big enough so she took me off the bench. Wasn’t pretty.”
Dean didn't finish his sentence though just looking to stare out the window.
If had been thinking logically he would have agreed but when Cas's gravelly voice cuts into his self-deprecating thoughts, he didn't think.
“Together” Dean laces his fingers together with the hand that Cas isn’t using to cup his cheek.
They looked up and saw a star
The rest of the town isn’t much prettier, most of the homes are small with paint peeling away at the edges and decorations; that Cas mostly thinks look like junk cover the front lawns. There are a few fast-food places which coat the air with a thick smell of fried food, only intensifying the hunger in Cas’s belly. With a sigh Cas pulls into a diner the barely lit neon sign reading ‘Stacey’s Restaurant’. He digs around in the truck, finding a few dollars shoved in various places, and a five.
And for the he himself can enjoy being in love.
Cas watched with a grin as Dean ran off, till he was out of view. He turned back pulling the boxes from his dad's old car. They sat by his feet as he waited. Part of him wondered as he stood there alone if this was all just a cruel joke.
"Come on Cas , wake up, or I'm going to eat all of your honey" Dean jokes, knowing how tettorial he is about his precious honey that he drove hours to get from a specific farmers market. Or should he say Dean drove him hours to get.
“Jack! Jack!” Cas screams the words ripping from his lungs. Door after door speeding by as he races down the corridors. Out of his mind with fear. Just begging, make it there on time, make it there on time. He doesn’t even care that his bones are aching, and his grace is screaming for him to stop.
The tension in Dean's shoulders drop, with the feeling of Cas's hand in his own, and the burden of all the things never said to his father off his shoulders. John's own shoulders do too, patting him on the shoulder, with a smile "Thank you for giving me a second chance son. I promise you what happened yesterday will not happen again."
“Oh” Cas brightened up, dropping down beside it tracing his fingers over the doodles he made, “Do you like it? I didn’t know what to put on it, but valentines’ day was coming up. Sam told me that people decorate with hearts and give chocolate and compliments out to their loved ones that day. So, I wrote about the things that make you, you and what I like about you as Sam said. The traditional saying is apparently be my valentine, when they give them a heart which sounds disgusting at first. But Sam reassured me it is simply a candy heart and not a real one so no need to be alarmed about werewolves. But I thought you would enjoy the decoration because Sam said it is your favorite holiday, because you are a hopeless romantic.”
Dean reaches across the bench seat placing a hand over Cas’s and intertwines their fingers the way he has longed to do for years. With a flutter in his chest, he looks back out at the road towards the bunker.
He slipped off his flannel, throwing the green sweater over his tee shirt.
The evening yields an eerie quiet through the bunker. Though since they returned there hadn’t been much other than quiet. Just a somber hush drawn over them, dividing to their separate corners of the bunker.
“You always do this when he’s gone. Take a look in the mirror Dean it’s obvious how much you care about him. Have you even washed those pants it’s been a week” Sam accuses exasperated as he references to his hot dog bottoms that are more than a few days old, “There are bags under your eyes. I haven’t seen you touch the kitchen, and when you eat you push things around with your fork and then throw it in the trash. Hell, your hair is almost as long as mine. Look at this, the mess around you.”
The car tires squeals as he whips around back to the bunker.
Dean was squirrely enough around him after Cas after he confessed to being gay. Cas knew his affections wouldn't be well received at least not yet or maybe ever. But he saw the way Dean looked at some of the frat boys.
He walks behind Cas wrapping his arms around his waist. Dropping a kiss onto his shoulder “Merry Christmas Angel”
”Okay?” Sam states a bit skeptical. While Cas just nods, his ethereal blue eyes flicker over to Dean for a few seconds longer than necessary. Causing his heart to stutter in his chest.
Looking at the cover he notices the book is the same one on his nightstand.
Between all the fighting and bad times, there was good. We got to be happy together, eating, laughing, enjoying our time. We got to be best friends something I’d never had before. I learned to love you in time and accept who I am.
His lips move against Dean’s finger.
"What?" Dean asks turning towards Cas but he just looks away the same as Dean did. He knows it's stupid to have actually said it aloud to Dean, but maybe it's time he sets himself free.
The yellow light from the fridge flickers, fighting to stay lit as Dean opens the door. Rummaging through the food that’s been basically fermenting in there for days, untouched. There is no beer left. Dean pulls out a slice of pie that Sammy bought yesterday bringing it to his nose. His lip curls with disgust as he takes a sniff, though his stomach rumbles. The fridge door slams loudly as the light gives out.
”Alright well goodbye you two” the girl waved swaying her hips as she walked away.
Dean’s eyes flicker back and forth across Cas’s face, his tongue darts out to wet his lips, Cas bites the inside of his cheek impatiently, “Look Cas I – I don’t, I mean. What you said. I –“
He shifts in the bed an icy chill breezing over his bare skin. He shivers only a single piece of blanket over his waist. He tugs at the blankets sleepily, but each of them are weighed down.
Cas stumbled stoically to his bed crumpling into a ball. He blocked everything out just staring at the wall. Tracing each little crack, and bump.
Confusion illuminates the angel, Cas is confused most of the time here in the human world, but this is more. He tilts his head to the side. What did he do now? He thought they had already work through all the problems and tension that had been putting a strain on them.
Thunder cries loudly, exacerbated by the structure of the building creating an echo of sound. When it dies the door, slams closed behind them.
Sam snorts with a light nod, Cas presumes he anticipated that response all along, “I couldn’t save anybody – Billie – or I guess Chuck-”
But when he looks back down at them, both still ready to fight he stops, “I guess I can get my hands dirty.”
Michael.
Dean takes the bigger gift from Cas, noticing his wrapping skills aren’t much better than his own.
Cas recalls the days in which he believed the same, before he fell, before he rebelled. He looks to Dean who is already looking at him.
"Okay," Dean beamed, caught up in how handsome Cas really is.
As if exemplify his statement he reaches over with his free hand and brushes his fingertip down the feather.
Feeling a little better, he finally looks to his father. He hasn’t even realized how close he’d caved into Cas until he turns, and they brush shoulders. John’s face remains passive, with a blank expression. Suddenly Dean is grateful for Cas’s closeness. His anxiety thrums against his chest as he waits for something. Worry builds in him, John’s silence usually mean’s something is coming. Something loud, angry, and probably violent, Dean is just grateful he is only drinking a soda and not a beer.
“Of course, you didn’t.” Dean scoffs taking another pull from his bottle. Michael continues his picking, peeling the sticker away till the brown glass is all that remains.
“Shudda up” Dean turns red instantly his voice coming out pitchy. Sam just laughs wickedly as if he had expected this response from Dean. Cas assumes he did consider the last time Destiel being a thing had been brought up Dean reacted the same.
“Dad, Bobby hey” Dean stands up to greet his family. Giving Bobby a hug, and John a curt nod. John has never been a touchy-feely kind of guy.
It was true. After Jack brought everyone back, that included Charlie whom they had a heartfelt reunion with. Happy that she was back to the land of the living.
But he didn’t make out the rest of the sentence before Cas was nodding “Babe sounds perfect.”
"Um Cas" Dean coughs, scooting away. But Cas just trails with him, the blankets moving him. Falling into where Dean dips the bed.
Cas removes Dean’s hands from his ears the ghost of a laugh on his lips as well. Internally he is screaming but externally he enjoys being the confident one for once, “You know I like that one the best too”
The two men caught each lyric, knowing every word. Cas would be lying if he said he had listened to this song about a thousand times thinking of Dean.
This time it is Sam who swings first, smashing his fist into his cheek.
"Castiel" Bobby chuckles gruffly, from his rocking chair on the front porch of his house. The same one he lived in, in life. He looks the same, blue ball cap and all, "Come to see me about the reconstruction."
He shifts again hanging off the bed.
Cas had read this story more times than he could count, he didn't know why but he loved it.
“Yes” Cas smiled, and Dean could not bring himself to say any of his grievances with the drawings. Except…
“No problem babycakes” The waitress says after Cas thanks her for the meal a dollar tip left on the table, he feels a little bad but it’s all he has.
He breaths in Dean’s intoxicating leather and gunpowder scent. Feeling the full thickness of his body as if for the first time. There’s a rumble in Dean’s chest, Cas feels him pick his head up from his shoulder, softly, “I should have told you to say.”
Instead, he looks down at the black book which is imprinted with a death symbol on the cover, as if it had been pressed on.
Dean looks around for any sign of more vampires, but it seems that one was the final straggler. Then he looks to his brother, and Jack both who appear fine. Finally, his eyes land on Cas, looking at the blood slowly dripping from his hand. It feels as if a bucket of ice has been poured over him, “Cas you’re bleeding.”
“Alright alright” Cas finally sighed “We are never going to finish”
Though it had been clear before just how much Chuck had taken, it wasn’t until that moment that the thick clouds of hopelessness closed over them. The air became grainy and stale, but the two just breathed in the stiff dust. In and out. In and out.
Lucifer holds his hands higher with a light note, “I didn’t even touch you lover boy now Dean”
As if sensing his internal struggle the radio station kicked on a new song.
Cas shrugged, “You can try”
“He saved me” Dean says to no one in particular, almost seeming to recognize this himself for the first time since it all went down.
Dean’s heart broke, of course how could he be so stupid. Cas’s aunt was always awful, never approving of Cas. “I could never hate you Castiel”
”Is someone jealous?” Dean asked in a teasing tone, mocking Cas’s little huff.
"Still, I sometimes wish I were back in the game if only for the boys. Speaking of those idjits? How are they? Why are you up here rebuilding all this there's a new god - goddess in town and Jack?" Bobby accuses raising an eyebrow, pointing back to the ground with his beer bottle.
Cas comes to stand beside Jack ensuring for a moment that he is still okay.
“Stop fighting!” Chuck yells his fist colliding once again with Sam’s body, “You are fighting for nothing.”
It surprises Dean when Cas relates to him about his own father Chuck. He knew some stuff and it was clear neither of his parents were around. That they were a household of unsupervised kids. It’s almost comical how similar their stories are. The only difference is that Chuck ran away, he didn’t get lost in his anger, he just left. Abandoned his kids as if they were nothing more than the dirt under his shoes.
Cas doesn't listen though when does he ever listen.
“I am not your boy.”
“Awesome” Cas said in an excited tone repeating the phrase he heard probably a thousand times from Dean since becoming friends. He also gave a small cheer. Adorable Dean thought, sometimes he would be this feisty guy and others a lil marshmallow.
Dean leaned against Cas as he let out a breath, "Are you okay Dean"
I'm never this awkward even around a cute guy Dean thought. Mentally slapping himself for existing like this.
Cas picked up his broken palette, the only piece in tact was a lavender shade. He stared miserably at it, he fucked up.
Still Dean’s presence was prominent the way he hummed along to the song. Watching Cas and looking over his makeup. Almost like an assistant mechanic, handing Cas tools he anticipate would be next. Suddenly his presence was calming, warm.
“Aw look at him he’s collecting his feathers again” Crowley coos humorously to his fellow crones, Billie, and Cain. Each who laugh at the small boy’s expense. The three of them staring down at him dauntingly, “huh feathers.”
Behind them stand four masked vampires, breathing heavily inside the skull masks.
Dean smiles satisfied that he got his brother to agree, and then opens the back door of the impala. While he places the dog onto the seat, he can’t even be bothered by the feeling of Castiel’s eyes on him watching him. The first real time they’ve been alone. Instead, he focuses on the dog.
“No” Dean states flicking his head towards Jack, “You lose”
He nods in agreement and continues, “He knows somethings up. Wouldn’t take the chance of showing up himself.”
A fire burns at his back, licking outwards from one central point.
The times Jack was there it was easier to distract himself from the heart ache, and work. When he wasn’t Cas found himself staring into the distance for periods of time, snapping back into reality and continuing again.
"What" Dean panicked, reaching out to touch Cas's shoulder, "Why? I know your family, but why wouldn't you tell me. What about us - what about me."
There’s a vague sense to Dean that perhaps he was pulled into the empty along with Cas. He can’t bring himself to care though. He would follow Cas into the dark any day.
“That bullet to the head - soaked in dead man’s blood,” Sam tells the vampire, who nods his head with a frown.
He sighs placing the quarter on the top of the machine, “For someone else” he whispers.
Michael’s eyes widen momentarily.
The brothers continue to decipher John’s notes. Trying to figure out where they’ll strike next or better where they could be now. When they narrow it down to a location, and target. The brothers plan their attack outside the home of a single mother and her son and daughter. Both of which children fit the age range. Then they are back on the road.
Cas nodded with a grin, but only for a moment before a frown returned "and what about college?"
Crack.
He can’t help but for his heart to skip a beat at Dean’s words. Not that he would ever admit but somewhere buried underneath all the years, a secret part has always wished to spend Christmas with Dean. Just not as only friends, “Dean I couldn’t impose”
”Oh my love birds” Bobby rolls his eyes but without contempt ”aren’t you two just straight off the hallmark channel.”
Cas could feel the sigh from Dean, the tension ease. He couldn't help but let off a beaming smile as Dean answered ”we will just have to see”
Dean shakes his head. Though Castiel can’t see it he knows that he can feel the action.
Just as they lapse into a comforting silence, the trail begins to widen out and there are a few kids standing by a small pond their toes dipped in the water. Cas watches as Dean waves to the tallest one, dropping their hands as he does.
"It's peaceful. Seeing everyone." When he says this, he looks around at everything breathing in deeply. The smell of freshly cut grass, and the perfect gust of wind.
“Please tell me this isn’t a one time thing, that when Christmas ends you will still want this” Cas begs his head still spinning with happiness from all of it. Everything he’s wanted for years, finally he thinks he gets to have it.
“Sam, Cas is my boyfriend” Dean stutters out quickly before anyone else can talk. The statement is so quick he’s sure Eileen didn’t catch it, he isn’t even sure Sam had.
Cas couldn’t stop the small smile that crept onto his face “Thank you Dean. I mean it.”
I think the thing about being in love with your best and pretty much only friend is the loneliness. The spiraling that happens inside your brain. It's not their fault but it hurts when you always think about them and know they aren't thinking about you. The thing about loving your best friend is that even though you text all the time you always feel like you care more than they do. It's because you do care more, you care in the way that you are in love with them.
John looked over to him, with an air of arrogance "Ah yes your scrawny nerdy friend"
Cas crossed his arms angrily huffing at what he interpreted to be Dean’s flirting. He knew he had no right to be jealous or mad, but he couldn't help it. Of course, Dean would want someone like her, not someone as boring as himself.
Slowly Cas turned back, looking at Dean one hand behind Dean’s back. Fighting to keep a expressionless face.
Pushing up his thick framed glasses with the back of his hand, Castiel squats down. A large smile crosses his face. Just as he thought, a feather. He picks the feather up delicately, between his thumb and index finger. The soft grey downy tickles his fingertips, but the rest is strong and uniform, longer than the palm of his small hand. An inky black color covers the feather, an oil spill appearance glimmers over the feather in the sunlight. A rainbow of different colors, appearing as he twirls the feather in his fingertips. Blue, purple, green, yellow, orange, and red.
Cas heard a noise from behind him and quickly spun around "Dean?" Cas shuttered, stepping back.
It isn’t until they see the drawing the mom made of the perp, that they realized they had seen this before.
”oh” Dean looked over his books, and notes which were scrawled with numbers that almost made him queasy, ”I’m in mechanical engineering at the college”
Regardless the emotional moment the brothers shared permeates the air and is broken when Dean gives him a light apology for giving up. Everything seems to fall back in place. Team free will 2.0.
Dean snorts, taking large strides to the door. Only to be caught by his brothers’ hand on his shoulder, right where the handprint was. Anger flares in Dean’s chest, all he can see is red, “I don’t really give a shit.”
Dean glances to their hands.
The sticky feeling of Cas’s burnt skin, with the acrid smell saturating the room is almost too much.
Cas didn’t even mean to say it. The words just kinda came shooting out. Not that it weren’t true, he just. It is all so soon.
Dean realizes he needs proof it is about Sam, maybe it is someone else. Not that it matters because it isn't Dean. But if it is his brother how is he supposed to live with it?
“Well me too assbutt” Cas hits Dean.
He pulls his head back sniffling slightly. When he opens his eyes he is met with a head full of dirty blonde hair. Cas stiffness in realization of what he has done. Pressed firmly against his best friend - fake boyfriend - love of his life.
Sam raises both hands stepping back with an apologetic look.
And as he sits grace waning when Cas hears it ringing loud and clear. As clear as the day he declared ‘Dean Winchester is saved’ after he raised him from hell.
“It’s ship names mom. The names of two people in a relationship or who people think should be are smashed together. For example, Dean and Castiel, Destiel. Or Jo and Anna, Jonna”
Hours pass without much commotion or excitement. Minus the movement to clean up the wrapping paper and put on a Christmas movie. The occasional filtering in and out of Mary, John and Bobby as they work on the Christmas feast. Checking the ham, and putting a few of the side dishes in the oven to warm.
After a moment of self doubt and stilled breathing he lifts Dean's hand putting it back down in the now empty warm spot their hands had just been. Wiping his sweaty hand on his shirt. Once he is sure Dean won't wake from the movement, he slips quickly from the bed.
The two of them descend the stairs hand in hand. Cas watches as Dean slowly builds back up his walls. But Cas just holds tighter to his hand in hopes of stabilizing him.
“I didn’t I just grabbed the nerdiest books I could find” Dean laughs at Sam’s disdain, though the truth is he did know because Cas tended to be a bit of a nerd too. Though Dean would never admit, he skimmed the books on Cas’s bookshelf more than a few times. Even getting a few of his favorites which he carefully hid beneath the bed. This is also why he had Cas’s favorite book himself, “And thank you for the cuffed jeans, and what are these, ‘send noods’ socks.”
“Of course, I did.” He bats at his tears viciously with the back of his hand.
Chuck yells at the back of the impala, for the Winchesters, for any of them. Begging them to not leave him. Dean revs the engine, pulling away. As he tries to get to his feet, he stumbles after them “Wait” he yells. Dean keeps driving the dust kicking up behind him. Chuck coughs falling back to the ground choking on the dust. He crawls towards them on his hands and knees still yelling. In a last-ditch effort, he reaches out to them, but the impala is already too far gone. He falls to the ground landing face first into the sand, he gasps, crying as he claws at the dirt, accepting his fate.
Everything looked as if the previous events had never happened. Hopefully Cas would raise his spirits when he saw what Dean had.
Pressing the pen down on the bumpy white surface Cas began his work, with only the low light of Dean’s lamp beside the bed to guide him. Cas is knelt beside the bed leaning over the hunter’s body to do his tedious drawings. Occasionally the former angel became distracted by the pleasantness of Dean’s face as he slept and the small little snores that came from his mouth every so often.
“She’s with me now. But that was actually what I wanted to talk about.” Jack replies. The three of them give him a confused look. Jack snaps his fingers and beside him appears Amara. Dean steps back. But Amara just stands peaceful as ever, “I am just me. I could take on the role, but it belongs to someone else.” Jack looks at Amara, placing a hand on her shoulder “This should have always been your job. Now it is.”
“Hey” Dean grumbles with a smirk. Not dropping the controller in his hand, but sliding his eyes over to Cas with a flirtatious glance. He gestures downwards, “not my fault my legs are bowed”
Mary smiled at him, while John just stared blankly towards him “Go on son”
“Hey” Cas exclaims with a quite grin “just because you always cook for us doesn’t mean I can’t make anything.”
Turning his back on where Dean left, he shoves it all down he can cry later. It won’t be the first Christmas he’s cried on.
That's when it hits him, two trains screeching to a halt only to crash into each other. He likes Cas. Hell, he’s in love with that dorky little dude.
“No” Castiel says, shaking his head.
Dean sat on the toilet resting his elbows on the sink counter watching Cas expectantly.
Cas clutches his bloody hand to his chest. He forgot what pain felt like. How much it hurt to be human.
Calmer Sam continues, noticing the rattled expression Dean wears, “When you look at me it’s like you’re looking straight through me. You’re my brother. This isn’t healthy Dean. So, get your head out of your ass and pray to him.”
Dean sighs, pushing the bathroom door.
They walk down the center of the barn. Looking this way and that for any sign of the two boys, or their deadly captors.
The park is fairly large for the small town of Lebanon, a large set of swing sets behind a jungle gym-like structure with two slides. Little benches all around, it even has a set of covered picnic tables and a worn-down basketball court a few feet away.
She steps back, pulling off her shoes, and shedding her coat onto the coatrack beside the door.
Dean smiles at the left over taste of milk on Cas’s lips when they break apart.
Forgot what it was like to be human, to be on earth really even.
Not that Cas would complain but each time he started Dean interrupted with another kiss. Finally Cas gave in pressing a long kiss to Dean’s lips. His tongue slipping into Dean’s mouth, with a sigh. Exploring every inch of his mouth. The way he has always dreamed.
Out Mary pulls a large pan of freshly baked cinnamon rolls. Engulfing the kitchen with the scent of cinnamon and icing.
“Shh it’s alright” Dean rubbed circles into Cas’s back, as he sobbed into his chest “It’s going to be okay”
“Let me see that” Crowley grinned maliciously, snatching the feather from Castiel’s hand. He regarded the feather, one that Castiel had begun to think of as his most prized possession, a spark of amusement flickered behind his cruel eyes. With a flick of his hand, he threw the feather to the ground right into a small puddle, raising his foot above it.
Dean looked at the leaf in his hand grabbing it in his own and dropping it to the ground "Thanks, do you and Charlie want to join us at the carnival"
“Don’t worry about calling that bastard” Chuck says with a hateful grin, “The end of the world and the three of you are still fighting each other.”
“The decoder ring” He points to the ring on Betty’s finger. A large sliver ring with a white square stone placed in it. She her self-lifts her finger from where she’s holding her scythe to look at it, “And that, whatever that is” He points out the scythe, she’s holding. It is more curved than Death’s or Billie’s were. More of a half-moon shape to the blade. Perhaps a modification to avoid getting impaled by the blade once again.
Mary smiles, her eyes shining slightly with tears, most definintly thinking of her son “He is”
“I wouldn’t say that yet”, He scoffs, though Dean is in the mist of having a panic attack, he recognizes Cas’s steady tell-tale signs of nervousness as well. For some reason that gives him a little comfort too knowing he’s not the only one who is nervous, “You know I am here for you too right?”
Spinning Cas around to face him. Dean gripped his shoulders so tight he was sure the bones were going to snap beneath his hands. For a moment he thought he had misheard, that it was all in his head; it wasn’t Cas said it.
“Oh,” Dean says his eyes read Cas with understanding before he clenches his jaw. Swallowing down the bit of cookie in his mouth “I wish I could kick Chuck’s ass that son of bitch! I still can’t believe he just moved away after you left. What kinda father drops all fricking contact with their so-“
The brothers both shake their heads in agreement.
Dean flared his nostrils at his dad gritting his teeth to yell. A fire building in his chest.
“And?” Sam asks dumbly, urging her to go on.
“Cas has tried to teach me but the best I can do is, ‘hello’” Dean says a bit sadly, weakly signing ‘hello’.
“Hey Cass” She pulled the warmest she had been in months, she seemed to float across the floorboards to plop beside Cas. Her small weight barely shifting the couch under her, “On the phone with Dean?”
“That’s right” Dean nods with a shrug, “So we had to come up with a plan ‘b’. That wasn’t too hard though,”
Castiel pulls out the other feather he found today comparing the two. The other is a soft white with hints of blue and green undertones where the sun hits it. Though it is much shorter fitting along his palm, it is just as beautiful. At least to Castiel it is.
“Vamp-mimes” Dean exclaims, “Son of bitch”
And I still want you, I still need you. After we burn your body. After Sam told me about your deal with the empty.
When the phone clicks on with Cas’s acceptance on the other end of the line Dean’s already rushing out all the thoughts in his head “I can’t do it Cas! I can’t tell them! They are all smiling and talking and I can’t ruin that! I ca-“
He took in the hunter’s features, the freckles, the eyes, the hair, his flannel, the worried creases that became a permanent fixture on his face as the years grew by, even deeper now. The confusion and fear that overtook his expression when Cas spoke. Begging to Dean all that he is, the most selfless and loving man he’s ever known.
”You're probably right we can ask him in the morning” Cas reasons, waving it off. Letting them get back to their meal.
When Jack brings Sam back, after returning the kids safely to their mother. Dean and Cas are leaning against the hood of the impala, holding hands. Cas is pointing up at the sky with his other hand, explaining a constellation to Dean. Who is looking at his with a soft loving smile. Cas looks back down from the stars at Dean, and he leans over and kisses him twice.
The rest of the downstairs is decorating in red, green, and blue. Even going so far as to have fake snowflakes covering each of the windows.
I threw my head back, I couldn’t bear looking at your lifeless body. That wasn't you, it isn't you. The pale blue skin on your face, the hallow charred sockets where those eyes are supposed to be. Cold, nothing where life is supposed to be.
“Sit” Cas pointed raising an eyebrow. Like the needy man Dean is he quickly obeyed.
That’s when the two boys poke their heads up from behind the impala. Both look petrified. Dean drops his anger. Sam holster’s his machete, beckoning the boys towards  him. The two run to him tossing their arms around him as they cry.
“Why come to a coffee shop if you don’t like coffee” Dean choked out Charlie’s words ringing in his mind, his cheeks burned. It couldn’t be because of him Cas had been coming even before Dean started working.
Then Michael storms from the room in a manner Cas has seen before. During each of his failures. Even as a cosmic being he had always been the same. Sulking in his shortcomings, preparing, raging anew for a different way.
“You really think you can win” Chuck laughs looking around at each of them, “You are nothing.”
“Your creations have become their own, writing their own stories. Not yours Chuck you created the world, but the world created life. Free will.” Jack finishes his speech, looking once more at Chuck. His eyes flare yellow as he pulls all the power to the surface. He can hear him gasping with fear at the sight. Cowering in on himself. He doesn’t get the chance to back away before Jack grabs the sides of his face. Pulling all the power to the surface till it’s coursing through him in lightning bolts of yellow light beneath his skin. All along his face and hands. The bolts shoot out into the skin of God’s vessel. His skin alight with Jack’s power as his once godly light dies from his eyes. Till just the vessel – Chuck – remains.
Mary smiles at the action, continuing her cooking, "Why are you up so early it's only five thirty."
Sam pivots on his feet “Alright hold on” He grabs his phone “I’ll call for help”
Dean watches this man – this angel before him, in shuttering silence, time slowed, layers peeled away to just the two of them and that moment. The slow repetitive banging from the door, deaf to Dean’s ears.
The sound of logs crackling can be heard from the fireplace. Flames licking at logs, flickering towards the metal cage in front of it like a wild animal.
The self-loathing part of Cas’s brain chimes in again. Almost a bitter scoff in his head.
Cas brings the swing to a halt, before jumping off. Spotting something shiny and black on the ground just before the trees to the nature trail.
The two of them didn't notice the awe looks directed at their cuteness as they sat down. The bale of hay squashed beneath them. A small chilling breeze washed over the hay covered trailer, causing Dean to pull his jacket tighter to him.
Unsure if he should break this calm silence around them Dean sits for a minute just letting Cas be. When Cas sniffles into the sleeves of his sweater, Dean speaks, “I didn’t see you at the park earlier.”
Dean’s smile dropped when Cas looked back at him. His face held something Dean could only describe as heartbreak. He rushed to Cas’s side, slotting himself back in his pocket of warmth now slightly colder than he left it.
Reluctantly Dean drops his shoulders, he leans back on the bed. His heart pounding, he doesn’t do feelings, his dad didn’t and after Sammy needed him to be the strong one. To be his mother and his father, even with Bobby he still felt the need to be more than just a big brother, “I just-“ Dean begins and then he tells Cas that, tells him everything. He’s not even sure why it’s just easier with Cas; to tell him things he barely lets himself think.
It really is the end of the world, he thinks.
The bed sinks when Cas slumps down beside Dean. Taking his injured hand in his own.
Cas shakes his head, the fuzzy feeling in it going away as he looks away from the blood, “Heaven took a toll on my grace. And you were on the brink of death when I got to you. It took all of my grace to heal you.”
“Sorry, Cas” Dean mumbles out, his eyes seemingly softening at Castiel’s expense.
Cas shakes his head “Don’t be sorry. I like it- I’m glad that it gets you so worked up. It makes me feel special, and realize that you care.”
Betty opens the book to the final few pages, placing one finger on the paper to trace along as she reads, “Behold, in the end, there is the ending of he who created the beginning.” She breaths “And thus it will be-“
He sent his roommate and best friend Dean to pick up their other friend Charlie. Still Cas was wary whether Dean would do it or not. It's not that Dean was unreliable it's just that he always found ways to embarrass Cas.
On the way to Dean’s real house, Anna is colder than she had been the day before, which doesn’t do anything to calm the nerves building inside. He has never slept over at anyone else’s house before. Except when he went to Jody’s but that felt different, he already knew them, and he had no trouble with either of Dean’s sorta mom’s.
Just like that it hadn’t even been but a sentence and Dean wanted to recoil in on himself. He wanted to take it back and forget about it. What was the point anyways.
“Everything you have ever done the good and the bad you have done for love.” Cas breaths, “You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love.”
No they had been friends far too long to mess it up now. Additionally it wasn’t as if Dean ever gave an inkling that he felt something in return. It was merely the thing Cas could never have.
The only real thing that had kept Dean going, was the fact that the other three were still there. He didn’t know what he would do if any of them were gone. He doesn’t know what he would do if -
He never wanted to stop, that is a problem though. None of this is real; at least not to Cas. He could never love someone like him, regardless Cas deserves better.
”Cas,” he calls into the room dedicated to their resident angel, finding it empty. Dean steps in regardless, intending to collect whatever clothing Cas may have, though recently he hasn’t noticed him changing outfits much. Sticking to his ‘holy tax account’ shtick. Which makes since considering Angels don’t need to do those things. Dean knows though often Cas enjoys the luxury of certain more human things, such as a enjoying a warm shower or changing his clothing.
Jack falls back as well from the sheer power.
This little fact grew in Castiel’s mind, until he had the perfect idea what to do with it.
The impala pulls beside the abandoned diner, in the abandoned town. All that seems to be inhabiting it is Sam and Jack walking slowly along the road looking dejected, confused, and just as defeated as the two inside the impala feel.
Dean smiles at that he remembers his own mother, she wasn’t perfect but no one is.
He slams the bathroom door closed, heaving against the door. He hastily grabbed his phone from his pocket with shaky hands. Pressing his favorites and pressing again when he saw Castiel his best friends number appear on the screen.
Cas tilts his head to the side nearly hitting Dean's shoulder. The two boys glanced at each other for a second and then at a spluttering Jo.
"You just look beautiful" Dean breaths stroking back a piece of his unruly hair.
But he isn't sure, it is Cas his best friend. Of course, his vessel is attractive he has to admit. It’s more than that though it’s Castiel angel of the lord. The one who does that cute head tilt thing, always stands in Dean’s personal space, and the one that cares for humanity deep into his being that he would rebel against heaven for a single man.
Lucifer laughed, disappearing from Cas, who had dropped his weapon to the side instead of pointing it at him. Lucifer then reappears in front of the brothers “In a way they were pissed, after the whole pew” he mimics exploding noises opening his hands in a gesture of something blowing up “with Jack. But hey turns out they hate pops even more. Thus me.”
Dean lifts his head, thumb stroking Cas’s hand, “Yes John, he is important to me, he is one of the most important people in my life. I-I care about him so much. Dad. He is my Mary. I love him.”
There was so many things Cas wanted to say. Answers he wanted to give Dean. Things he wanted to get off his chest.
“Dean” Sam, his little brother who isn’t so little anymore repeated.
. They would hit play at the same time, and over the phone they would talk about it. Which was mostly Cas asking questions about whatever was happening and Dean laughing.
Dean looks out on the water as Cas hums an apologetic and understanding sound. Still in Dean’s arms Cas turns wrapping his arms around Dean as well.
Instead, he focuses on the plants around him, he watches as they wilt in a matter of seconds. As he gets closer to the diner, the wilting of the plants follow him.
“Mhm they smell delicious” Dean eyes the pan greedily, before looking to his mom.
Cas frowned this time stepping forwards “you have me Dean and Sam.”
“Ready,” Dean asks Cas, a hand on the doorknob.
"Oh.. oh m-my go-d" Cas cackled out looking at his chest. Clutching his stomach with tears in his eyes, "Your r-righ-t we-hehee do-oohhoo nee.. to w-eearr the-the..m"
Dean hears the familiar shift of air as he waits for death. Sure, it is his mind playing tricks on him. However, it doesn’t stop the slow beating of his heart from speeding up. He lifts his head, eyes blinking open slowly.
John smirks, “Likely” he barely breaths under his breath still Dean catches it. He’s sure Cas does to as his jaw tightens, “What boy can’t speak for yourself anymore?”
Dean furrows his eyes brows, glaring at him. If he got out of the empty who else did, he was certain that it died, or didn’t exist anymore after Billie was taken.
Tipping his head to the side Cas stared at Dean in confusion. Before he had a chance to react, Dean's lips were on his own, after a moment Cas finally reacted. Pushing back his arm snaking around Dean's waist and the other on Dean's bicep where he was holding Cas's shoulders.
“No Cas” Dean shook his head walking over and placing a hand on his shoulder. He didn’t ever want anyone to spend a Christmas like that, “spend it with me... and Sam and Bobby. Shit even invite Gabriel.”
Jack smiles.
Can you blame him though they have been friends since 7th grade. Sure it’s more than that because Dean realized he was hopelessly in love with his best friend freshman year of college. Yeah he had jumped at the chance to move in with him a year later. But none of that matter more than the hope he now has after Cas broke up with his long term boyfriend Balthazar a few months back.
Cas balls his hands into fists.
”Sammy, Cas” Dean yells walking into the bunker not even a few moments later, luckily, it’s about supper time.
Cas walks along the road guided by the lamp posts and then by the moon light as he makes his way out of town to the hidden bunker. A light mist of rain has gathered by the time he reaches the doorway, clouds building for an impending downpour.
Normally Cas did his make up when he knew Dean was going to be gone. He never wore it out of the house though.
For a second he just sits back watching everyone opening presents, the way they chitter happily with each other, all with their significant others. His heart nearly bursts with happiness, it might if he thought he would have another year just like this one.
"It's all an act though"
“Don’t be.”
Cas groans as Dean kisses down his neck, sucking a small mark onto the base of his neck. He recaptures his lips with his own pushing him back down. He grabs at the hem of Dean’s shirt, tugging at it.
Not that anyone would care not his father Chuck, nor his brothers Micheal or Lucifer.
"It doesn't fix everything," Dean confirms, and John curls back. There are still issues, damage, and love lost between them, that an apology just can't fix, "But if you are willing to try then that is what matters. We can work with that, Cas though" Dean laces their fingers "he is off limits. I will not deal with anything like what happened yesterday."
“What are you doing out here? How?” Dean begs though his voice is on edge he still doesn’t let the angel go, and Cas knows he has to let go.
Castiel spun around looking miraculously more awake than he was just moments ago, his eyes wide with concern, and fear?
When he gets to the map room the Winchester brothers are already there. Both looking up at their Nephilim who is still clothed in the pj’s Sam got him, with confused and almost hopeful expressions. Though Dean’s looks a little less hopeful and a bit more tired.
Castiel blinks again watching the empty goo ripple around him the shadow beginning to materialize. He has half a mind to return to his sleep before he can truly wake the shadow. The shadow was right before, there is nothing left for him back there, but he saved the world once again. That made it worth it. Now though there is truly nothing back there for him not after - he doesn’t need to hear that from a being wearing his vessels face.
No sound came out as Dean opened and closed his mouth.
Swinging his blade back out he manages to slice the vampire’s neck. It’s head rolling away, and body collapsing to the floor the machete landing with a clink.
Dean stands up from the booth leaving  the two love birds to their own devices. Maybe if Dean left them alone, they would confess their feelings. He doesn’t want to be a third wheel anymore, crowding in on their time.
But when Sam speaks in his soft careful voice “it’s okay, you can come out” the boys run out towards them.
“Cas” Dean yells hoarsely patting up Cas’s body to his neck and then his face, the feeling is different - wrong. Sticky and damp all along his skin soaked into the trench coat. Still, he pays no mind to it as he pulls the angel into his lap where he is kneeling.
His heart beats something entirely new, at their reflection in a passing window. They look like an actual couple for Christmas.
He shouts the hunters name again, shaking him hard. Only relaxing slightly when he realizes the blood is just coming from his hand. Still, Dean is out. He hauls him onto the bed clearing off the bottles off with the snap of his fingers.
“Shit I love you too angel” Dean said exasperated, before smashing his lips onto Cas’s. The kisses were ninety percent teeth, and ten percent Dean restraining himself from ruining the perfect makeup Cas had done.
His heart pounds against his chest in anticipation, waiting for rejection maybe. But instead those blue angel eyes flit to the mistletoe, and with a deep breath that hope and happiness is back.
Dean took off in a sprint after hearing Cas's words, "I'll be right back"
“Right now I guess” Mary laughs, before calling out “In here Sam”
"I'm just here for the free candy" Gabriel snickered, popping another handful of candy corn into his mouth.
Dean punctuates each word between kisses. Laying his head back down, accepting his roll as the little spoon.
Cas drops his arms as he finished the scene “I enjoy it Dean, just as Sam does enjoy reading”
“Not to me, not to you, not to his angels” He points to Cas, who just flickers his eyes up for a moment then back to the archangels, “not to…” He pauses flipping his hands towards Sam and Dean, with a look of recoil, and venomously finishes “Humanity.”
This is why Halloween is his favorite holiday. It’s the only one he really had a excuse to wear make up. But still he wasn’t going to do his makeup with Dean there. If he saw the collection that Cas has he would know.
Dean’s eyes dart towards the door of the restaurant before he even looks at their faces. He feels like he is about to puke when nothing is said.
By some miracle Cas's kisses him back.
Dean smiled gently squeezing his hand "We met here"
Though the angel hardly eats, while all graced up. Normally he would just steal a few fries from Dean. Or nibble on his food to appease said man who always likes feeding everyone.
Castiel sent a timid smile at the new gorgeous barista ”um just a small caramel frappe please”
"Hey Dean" Sam grabs his wrists, pulling his face out of his hands. Dean looks at him through unshed tears. Sam's voice comes out stern for a seventeen-year old "It is going to be okay. Maybe it doesn't have to end when you go home Dean. I guarantee Cas feels the same. He looks at you the same way that I look at Eileen with love."
Dean smiles placing an arm around Cas, “Heya Sam”
By the end of his rambling Dean is blushing lightly as the blue-eyed boy is staring at him in awe.
“Cas” Dean whispered, pressing his lips against Cas’s. The kiss almost taste like salt water taffy, and it was perfect. Gentle and sweet, with love and compassion. No urgency just feelings. And when they broke apart their foreheads leaning together Dean spoke again his voice quivering “I - I love you too Cas, but I don’t deserve you.”
Dean likes to laugh at that and call him a sixty-year-old man. They are best friends not two British spy’s conspiring.
Jack waits for the tale, the reveal of how they are going to end God. He ignores the side banter between the Winchester brothers and Betty, even Dean’s snarky comments he blocks out.
“Yeah” Dean admits looking directly at Cas.
He flattens his lips with a shrug, “I like this new story. The two brothers meant to save the world, failing it. The angel-“ Chuck glares at Cas, and Cas glares right back, “Who was never supposed to be in the story. Still unable to save but one measly human.”
His words reverberate off the walls, straight into Castiel's soul. Permanently etching themselves in his brain. Dean Winchester doesn't say love, fake or not. Cas strengthens his grip, the other on his chest. Feeling the way Dean's heart beats rapidly with anger, "shh it's okay Dean" Cas whispers, in an attempt to calm him.
Billie and Cain pull the boy off Crowley after a moment with great struggle as he lashes against them. Hell bent on protecting Castiel and his newfound feather.
“The empty let you go?” Sam repeated, looking to Cas then Dean, who both gave him a shrug.
Sam and Dean sit on either side of the small set of stairs leading from the map room. Dean’s knees tucked to his chest. Staring once again at the cracked and paint chipped walls thinking once again about the work, they need to do to fix this place up  if they make it. Cas stayed in the map room looking at the book some more, while Jack took Michael to the other lore, they have hoping to find something. The brothers walked out of the room getting some air.
Tears broke in Dean’s eyes “Don’t say that Cas, I don’t need your pity.”
Dean freezes slightly as the blankets he covers himself with pull Cas along. Rolling him over till Cas’s nearly pressed against his back, spooning him. An arm slung across his waist.
“I got something” Sam announces proudly, his hair shaggier than usual, from fingers being tugged through it, thoroughly messed up, “I think I’ve started to understand it, got it pieced together.”
Cas rolled over “Hello Dean” his voice croaked out. Still it sounded better than he hoped.
Cas nodded and Dean knew he was feeling a little bit better.
Dean stumbled forwards nearly falling to the floor, but Cas was there to catch him as he fell. One arm around his waist and the other on his shoulders. Dean fell into Castiel’s arms. Most of his weight falling on Cas and his healthy leg. Intoxicated by the closeness, yet desperate to get closer, Dean felt the tears rising to his eyes.
Cas had almost forgotten what he looked like when he almost rode his bike past him at the bank after school one afternoon.
“Don’t look at me” Mary puts her palms up in front of herself “Cas did the most of the work”
“Speaking of which. You my good sir need to get ready.” Dean pulled Cas up off the bed. Dragging him and the newly bought palette to the bathroom.
Dean nods along, and after a second he is breathing again. Almost back to his usual confident Dean Winchester swagger.
“I’m sorry” when he speaks his voice is strained and breaking slightly.
"Whatcha doing Cas" Dean beamed, his pearly whites showing.
Dean turns towards the counter, placing his now empty bottle down. Pushing down all the feelings that surfaced with the talk of Cas. Shoving them away as he always has. Though he can’t get rid of the guilt, so he just bares it holding it tight to him.
He keeps reading.
“Dean” Cas whispers, snapping him out of his trance.
Cas mutters under his breath. Scooting away inches at a time.
There it is the reality of God “It’s a little late in the game for that.” God scoffs with malice “You already sided with the Winchesters. Helped them in an attempt to stop me.”
Shoving the key in the ignition, he peels out of the garage, hoping a drive will calm him. Settle the tears begging to rise.
When the opportunity to flee does arise he jumps at the chance to get away from the overwhelming feeling. Mary asks the boys to set the dining table for the ten of them.
“We are not your pals” Cas asserts with fingers quotes around pals.
“Yes” Cas gasped holding out his hand, tears welling up in his eyes “it’s perfect, you are everything I will ever need Dean”
Cas looks taken aback by the offer; he looks to the brothers. Sam is the first to speak “You have done so much for us Cas. We will always want you at the bunker, but this is your choice.”
Dean sticks to Sam’s word, he cleans what he can of the paint off the floor, though the violent slashes of blue still remain on the wall taunting him. He cuts his hair and showers in the morning putting on a fresh set of real clothing. Not just pj’s. Even going as far as to eat a piece of toast for breakfast after his walk outside with Miracle. When he’s all done, he looks halfway like Dean Winchester again.
Before he reaches the bunker door, an arm reaches out to stop him, pulling him back. Cas looks down to where Dean is holding a hand behind his back, asking him not to follow. Cas obliges turning back to the garage, where Sam is holding his arm keeping him in place. Eyeing the door. Jack stands there too with a look of determination, rooted where he stands.
Cas takes a red sharpie from the collection of them he bought at a gas station during a case. With the cap between his teeth he silently pops off the lid.
Dean grabs the other boy’s hand and drags him towards the path, “I am ten by the way how old are you” he asks when they reach the head of the trail. A large sign beside the path depicts a map of the trail, and a blurb about the wildlife or something. Castiel can’t remember, he’s read it once.
"What about me Cas" Dean repeated, dropping his hand, his eyes just on the verge of red, with unshed tears. Cas felt his heart drop to his feet, Dean never let anyone see him cry. Only a handful of times in the last twelve years he saw it.
“Every”
“What happened Dean?” Sam asks calmly after a beat. He looks tired.
"Angel, wake up angel" Dean shakes lightly on Cas's shoulder, "come on"
But all the while I didn't tell you how your blue eyes were the only ones I wanted to wake up to every morning. Tell you I didn't want you to leave even when it was for the greater good. Tell you how I wanted to pull you in and kiss you.
Even though, he knows Cas doesn’t mean it in the same way, Dean whispers back “I love you too angel”
“Oh, oh no poor Jody” There was a sigh of relief that escaped him knowing nothing was wrong with Dean, though he did feel bad for Jody. There was also a hint of sadness he had been excited to see Dean, “That’s alright I understand.”
Castiel heads towards the gas station his stomach rumbling, as he sees the vending machine out front. He frowns at his reflection in the vending machine, the feeling of hunger and thirst taking over. Luckily, he has a few dollars in his trench coat only enough for a water. He shoves the bill a few times before it stops spitting it back out at him. The bottle clinking down the machine and landing at the bottom with a loud thud. Picking it up he drains the bottle within seconds, looking forlorn at the singular quarter in his hand which isn’t enough for even the fifty cent Twinkie.
Now Chuck stands alone surrounded, by Team Free Will. Each ready to fight to their dying breath if needed. But they won’t need to.
Cas smiles at the floor, shaking his head slowly "I could never be tired of you Dean Winchester"
"I'm sorry," Cas uttered in shock.
Chugging more down, till he is practically putty. He stumbles over to the mirror in his room. Looking at his dazed and heartbroken reflection in the mirror.
The four of them leave the barn, much to Cas’s surprise Dean stands just as close as normal. He thinks even if this is all he can have even after the small bits of hope for something else Dean’s given him. Then it’s enough.
”Where do ya think?” Bobby stuck his thumb behind him, towards the door with a drawl.
Cas tipped toed around the small dorm room, looking around for his roommate. There was no one there though just as Cas had planned.
Not that it was always Dean's fault, Cas is the one who chose to have a humiliating and pathetic crush on him. One which always seemed to lead him to be blushy and embarrassed. It had been this way for nearly two years by this point. Cas couldn't remember a time when he didn't have this crush except for before they met. He was unsure whether or not Dean could feel the same, he resided to leave well enough alone.
His lips softer than any feeling Dean could have conjured up. Tasting like peppermint and sleep. Their lips move to their own accord, synchronised heartbeats passing between their spit. Dean slips into the feeling easily. Every fiber of his being torn away until all that is left is Cas.
"Don't apologize for your father. Plus" Cas curled his lips into a wicked smile "I don't think we did a good enough job convincing your father how grossly in love we are."
Cas helps Mary grab out a dish from the oven, antsy from waiting for Dean to return. Setting up a dinner table shouldn’t have taken this long for them to complete... He places the dish on two potholders on the counter, “here you go, I’m gonna go find Dean” he calls out to Mary.
Jack listens as the two archangels argue, focusing on the words from Lucifers mouth and the way he speaks, them. He’s already been tricked by his so-called father before; he knows that consequence and he’s not going to face that this time. Not again.
"Mom" Dean asks sleepily, shifting his head. Cas's own lolls backwards with a groan.
"I know you aren't" Cas eluded thinking over his next move.
More tears sprung from Dean’s eyes but also a smile.
“What?”
Charlie giggled, and Benny just snorted, “Ya’ know she might be right about this one brotha’”
“Every Christmas” Cas voice whispers lazily into Dean’s ear, relaxing into another kiss.
John gives a look back at the two of them, a sort of guilt there, but reluctantly he leaves.
Cas tilted his head, “oh don’t pout, I’ll do your makeup if you don’t pout”
“Okay?”
“Nope” Dean shushes placing a finger over Cas’s lips “You are coming home with me, end of story”
“Did you realize that our sweaters say Merry Christmas together” Cas questions, tugging at Dean’s hand, as the walk down the hall. Looking at how Mary rearrange the pictures on the wall. A few with the whole family, some with just Dean and Sam. Even one the Cas is in.
“Oh” Dean whispered he’d be lying if he said his heart wasn’t shattering in his chest right now. He had no one to blame but himself really but it still hurt, and that ember that remained simmered out. Somehow that felt worse of all, “Look buddy it can be but, people don’t write their friends sweet nothings-“
Dean stepped into Cas’s space smirking, he is blushing for Dean because of Dean. Now Dean would be totally freaking out like a fangirl seeing her favorite celebrity had it not made him so proud, ”are you sure”
Cas tucked his face into Dean’s neck “you brought me more makeup. I thought you wouldn’t like it, that I would have to hide it. That you would tell me it is bad enough I’m gay but now I’m wearing makeup. Boys should wear makeup that’s ugly. But you, Dean.” He whined into the nape of Dean’s neck. Inhaling everything that was Dean, the oil, grease, cheap soap, beer, pie, and all just simply Dean.
Before making his way towards the soft clamour down stairs, Cas goes to the restroom. Brushing his teeth, and smoothing down his unruly bedhead the best he can.
A bone breaks in Dean’s face “There is nothing left for you to fight for, nothing left for the infamous Winchesters to save.”
“I know” Cas hugs the kid back.
The words give him a small bit of comfort because it’s Cas who is saying them. Cas who he loves, even more than he loves pie, “But what if they don’t accept us Cas.”
Wrapping paper with snowflakes, candy canes, and Christmas trees fly all around the room. The sound of the paper shredding louder than crackling of the fireplace or the low hum of the music still playing in the kitchen.
They step out of the impala, and a set of black iron gates spanning above them, stand between them and the large building. Cas pushes the gates open, with ease using his angelic strength. However instead of receiving his usual impressed look, from the Winchesters, they give him a disapproving one. Upset about him using his grace when he should be focused on healing.
Dean gaped at Cas who still had moved his eyes from the ground noticing the slight curve of his lips downwards, and the dejected look in his eyes. His heart pounded at his ribcage as he took a deep breath trying to stabilize the words, he said next, knowing Cas’s answer could change everything, “And you meant them as a lover? You wanted me to be your romantic valentine?”
When they pull away Cas feels a bit lighter, of course, he always feels lighter with Dean. He does miss the warmth though “Thank you, Dean. All the same, it is not about my absent father not being around for Christmas. It’s just that Gabe backed out on Christmas, probably somewhere playing trickster with someone I’m sure. So I have nowhere to be for Christmas.”
Jack smiles his eyes crinkling in the corners, “I didn’t come for your help I came to save you. Goodbye dad I will see you soon.”
When he gets back to the bunker. He storms into his room slamming his bedroom door shut behind him. Tossing the alcohol on his bed along with his body. Continuously thinking about Cas the way he smiled, how he got into Dean’s personal space. Every little detail. Another drink.
Lucifer looks back with a smile.
Dean grits his teeth in frustration, pressing his palms into the table "Damn it no, and that's the problem. Sam, he offered to pretend to be my boyfriend because he felt bad that I was upset over letting mom down by not bringing a boyfriend. I agreed to it like an idiot would because i just wanted the chance to know what it would be like to be with Cas just once."
Cas nods and Dean continues. He explains how Jack became a power vacuum after the events of trying to turn him into a cosmic bomb. How he’s been taking power from everything around him. Lucifer and Michaels battle. Lucifer’s death releasing all his power. And Michael.
Feeling Dean’s chest pressed against his back. The praises in his ear, the validation. His whole body filled with warmth, happiness, and “I love you Dean”
There was something all too bittersweet about this night, but he couldn't bring himself to care as Dean tugged him towards the hot chocolate stand.
When the dog doesn’t follow Dean scoops him up in his arms not caring about the smell of wet dog or the fact that he’s drooling on him. He just holds tightly, and smiles carrying him back to the others “Hey look”
Cas looks down at his hands, hiding the growing blush on the tips of his ears, "It- it could work," Pulling his trenchcoat closer to him, keeping the dwindling warmth inside of his clothing.
But Lucifer just looks pleased with himself, and Cas seems unfazed by the whole ordeal. Angel’s man.
Soon they fall into sharing lazy kisses. Slow, and unexpecting. Making up for the years lost to pining, with small love filled kisses. Soft touches and loving caresses. Cas makes it a mission to committing every touch, and every kiss to memory.
He hopes his voice comes out level, unable to hear it over his pounding heart. Dean thought he already had it all, Cas spending Christmas with him. Now - now he is sure he died somewhere back on the road and went to heaven. A bittersweet one but one nonetheless.
However Cas cut him off with a startled noise. He looked at the mess of powders on the ground. He should have felt worse about the palette breaking, as he had spent his remaining savings on it the first month of college; meaning he couldn't afford another one even half as good. But he didn't feel bad about the makeup. Cas was afraid. What did Dean think of him? From the looks off it, it seemed as if he were going to run.
Books cover the tables in the library each of them pouring over the lore. Sam in the other room ‘decoding the God book’. All a part of their plan. Dean palms his face, scratching his hand over the small amount of stubble that’s formed on his chin. He opens the lore book in front of him to a page focused on enochian. He doesn’t look at the book though or read the words. No, he looks to everyone else, to Jack the boy who still wears a happy little grin despite everything. To Cas the angel whose given everything for everyone else and still gives more. Thinking of Sammy,  his brother, a boy meant to be evil, to destroy the world, but tries to save it instead. Taking them in every detail as though it’s their last moment. Trying to commemorate each little thing to memory.
Till Michael is the only one left standing with a relieved look “Father” He walks closer to Chuck betraying them. A look of devotion in his eyes just as anticipated.
Maybe that was Dean’s fault. After all he hadn’t known he liked dudes till college. At that point it felt to awkward to tell him since after all he realized he was in love with the man.
The way he would do anything for his brother
Dean slumped his shoulders, and Castiel wrapped his arm around his waist. Dean leaned in using Cas as support. He could hear Dean suck in a deep breath, leaning into the touch "Actually less scrawny now, and less friend try boyfriend."
Cas watches as the notes escape Dean’s bright lips. Slick with spit, from each time he caught Dean’s tongue poking out. Somehow those green eyes look even brighter, glowing from the redness on his nose and cheeks. Each note sending icy crystals in the air. Eyelashes weighed by fallen flakes, matching the ones in his dirty blonde hair.
Matching Dean, Cas also turns slightly pink, because he does want cannon Destiel, “jeez Sam” he exclaims half-heartedly and even to himself it comes out strained.
"That's the thing Sam" Dean fiddles with his fingers looking away, shame building inside of him, "We aren't together"
------
”That’s it that's the one. The perfect cup of coffee.”
Castiel flinches at the angry tone, gluing his eyes to the ground again. Dean reaches up and pushes a piece of his hair back. Fingers gently listing over his cold skin. Too gentle for the way he is yelling. Too gentle for the resentment in his voice. Cas doesn’t understand. The rain still pouring around them, the glow of the impala lights, illuminating them on the empty street. Cas repeats “I am sorry Dean. I should not have come back. I know you do not want me here. I know you probably hate me now that you… know.”
“There’s always another way! You guys taught me that!”
A few seconds of silence pass, as the family awkwardly pokes at their individual meals.
“Are you sure you are okay Cas?” Jack asks with wide eyes, looking over his father figure wishing there was something anything he could do, “You almost died. You made this deal, but you told me you would always be around even after Sam and Dean.”
Cas looked up at those precious green eyes for the first time since he returned. Dean frowned a bit “I know it’s not much, and it might not be as good as you other one. I liked it thought, I mean I always liked it when i seen it going with Lisa. I thought maybe you could use a broader selection of colors, since yours were just blues and purples. But um I - I don’t know man. You can always trade it out or something”
Dean just sat blinking as Cas rambled explaining things and tracing the pattern on his leg. He didn’t think he’d ever heard Cas talk so much at one time, “What.”
Cas chokes back his tears wrenching the hunter even closer. Till their chests are flat against each other, “Please stay.”.
Ever the Winchester way,  the brothers head straight for Lucifer, fighting stances at the ready. Lucifer however bats them away as if they were just pesky flies. Sending them flying into the bookshelves with a crash. Cas however manages to land a stab on Lucifer, his angel blade piercing through his shoulder, “Bad idea” Lucifer seethes ripping the blade from his shoulder, and sending the angel flying back as well. Jack watches as Dean leans over Cas assessing him. With each of the arch angel’s movements and pieces of power Lucifer enacts, Jack feels a burst of it seep into his skin. Michael looks around, at his fallen comrades, breathing heavily filled with rage as he looks up to Lucifer.
The book is worn, the spine broken, pages wrinkled from where rain had fell on it, but Cas still reads it, in spite of it all. Nearly every nook and cranny of empty space filled and he still has more to comment on, to note down.
Desperately Cas swept the powders, scrubbing the floor, and then his face. He shoved everything away back into his little hidden corner. Not bothering to take a glance back at his costume, because he wasn't feeling it anymore. Everything felt shockingly still, like if he moved wrong he would break.
Sam shakes his head looking away, “No. Cas please.”
“Cas, Jesus Cas. What the hell!” Dean nearly yells at the idiot angel as his healed eyes look upon the almost gutted sockets that were Cas’s. Pieces of burnt retina flap like sheets in the wind. Though his words contain a brusque sharpness to them, his touches are light and almost reverent “Why do you keep doing this! You can’t keep doing this! You can’t keep sacrificing yourself for me.”
“Y-yes sir” Cas stuttered feeling his face turn a deep shade of red. Bobby was still looking at him with a frown plastered onto his face. He squirmed under his frown and almost found himself wishing he hadn’t come.
That’s it Sam is so going down in prank wars for this.
Cas goes to protest again but instead they hear a shift of wind. Speak of the devil – or the devils dad, Cas more accurately thinks. Chuck appears, self-satisfied smirk displayed openly on his face.
Dean turns his head but doesn’t lift it from the wall, looking to his shaggy haired brother. Another thing cut Sammy’s hair. In reality Dean knows this list he’s began to compile about what to do if they make it won’t matter. It’s just that a list, something that makes him think he will still have a tomorrow, and time to do and say all the things he needs. But at the end of the day there probably won’t be a tomorrow for him, maybe any of them. Even if there is, Dean knows the things that matter he will be too scared to do… say.
Dean enters the kitchen where Michael sits at the table toying with his hands, a forlorn expression on his face. Not that Dean expected much else Lucifer may have been – Lucifer but he was still his brother. The archangel disappeared after the events with Lucifer. Finding his way deeper into the bunker for some air. Dean supposes he ended up here, “You okay” he feigns compassion. Michael hasn’t exactly been angel number one but he’s here to help. One way or another.
Castiel wobbles to his feet, wincing as the pain radiates through his body, blood still dripping down his legs. He holds out his hands, standing in front of the boy – Dean  “Wait” he pleads to the brown-haired woman whom he presumes to be Dean’s mother though the similarities are lacking “He was protecting me.”
“Cas” Dean repeats louder this time, loud enough to cut through the thunderstorm above them. Cas looks up barely but enough. Dean can see his bright blue eyes, unscored with redness as if he’s been crying… still crying. The tip of his nose is a bright shade of red. He looks beautiful is all Dean can think, as he strides over to the angel, cupping his hands around his face, “Is that really you Castiel?”
“Okay” he said but it was more of a question, there was still a fear most people wouldn’t register in Dean’s eyes. Castiel knows Dean though, almost as well as the inside of his own eyelids.
"I want to stop pretending. This was stupid. You don't have to be my fake boyfriend anymore." Dean says roughly, turning to the side once Cas drops his hands.
Mary nodded "Well he didn't want you to know because he started it so he could show up just before you did."
Sam gestured towards the cast on Dean’s leg with a smirk as he poured his own cup of coffee.
Dean makes a snarky remark “Always with the incorrect sitting, Cas”
Dean holds up his hand. Above their heads drops down a mistletoe. Specifically one ranging from red to purple, a rainbow mistletoe if you will. Maybe Dean had thought of hanging it and got scared, but he wasn’t scared anymore.
"Good morning Cas Merry Christmas" Mary greets warmly, when Cas enters the kitchen. Christmas music playing softly around the room. She looks up from where she is rolling out dough on the counter top. The rest of the counter is covered with an assortment of things. Plates, spices, and other kitchen utensils awaiting Christmas day use.
Jack doesn’t even have the opportunity to respond, as Michael appears behind Lucifer. Pulling the blade from his back, he waits for the devil to turn around, his eyes flashing red “You don’t learn”
Dean obliges leaving behind his thoughts, it’s Christmas and there are cookies.
‘I learned from my aunt Amara who was born deaf’ Cas explains, though after she died he hadn’t used it much. Other than the occasional hard of hearing client he worked with.
“The end of god is in the special book,” Betty spells out as if she is talking to small children. As she does Cas moves for the book still left on the map table, “If you give Betty the book, Betty can read- See there we go,” She exclaims when Cas holds it up from the table, directing it at Betty, “At least one of you isn’t dumb, even if it is the angel.”
Dean spins back around facing down the skull-faced freaks. Still, they stand there with machetes of their own in hand. Not moving in inch. The brother’s approach the captors, Dean ready to raise his machete at a moment’s notice still. Finally, when their feet away from the men, they break off into sets of two, each set attacking Sam and Dean.
“Don’t move” Sam exclaims reaching out, with a gasp “I’ll call for Cas”
"Here," Cas said, removing his oversized tan trench coat wrapping it around both of their shoulders. The crisp autumn air had little effect on the couple buried in their cocoon of warmth.
He shook his head, willing away the heart break. Pressing himself further into the loveseat, wishing he would just disappear. Disappear from the stupid lights, the cheesy Christmas music, the gingerbread cookies permeating the air; disappear from Christmas.
Then the frown was replaced with an upturn of the lips not quite a smile, “Alright then come on in. No more sir - call me Bobby. Dean is upstairs.” He pats Cas on the back guiding him into the house which is immediately met with a set of stairs, “With his dad” Bobby continued in a whisper Cas was too distracted to hear.
Dean didn’t have to speak for his words to be loud and clear the defeated look on his face spoke louder than any words could have. All Cas could think in that moment as he watches the beautiful tragedy of Dean’s tears unfold was
“It’s funny because I stayed out in the backyard for hours crying over that bird, and yet at her funeral I didn’t shed a single tear.” Cas lets out a chuckle, but his voice is broken, “but you know what Gabe told me today? He told me I was never crying for the bird I was crying for mom.”
Once the snow feels as if it is melting on his coat and sweater, the couple pops back up. Careful to not ruin their creations.
The words are a bit firmer now. Pleading almost but still with softness and care. That Dean knows he doesn’t deserve. The way Cas is looking at him, sitting in his bed, feet away from his face. Their eyes staring into each other, the word just slips out of his mouth slicked up from the alcohol, “You”
Dean and Sam stand on the street in front of the impala where Cas is leaning to hold himself up. They act as a wall of defense against him. Jack stands off in the distance, shoulders hunched.
“Don’t tell me what to do Squirrel” Crowley spits a mouthful of blood between punches, now taunting Castiel’s savior. He winces at the name, but his savior doesn’t seem to notice or if he does doesn’t care. Simply scowling back and hitting the plump attacker some more.
"I hope he does because Dean is an amazing man" Cas pauses debating whether to answer her apology. Ultimately though it isn’t Mary’s fault she is only married to him, "Thank you"
Everything out around his looking out to a pond surrounded by trees, homes off in the distance, even the roadhouse. A dirt trail leading to it that he’s watched Bobby walk to, to see everyone else, Ash, Jo, and Ellen.
Cas nods his head leaning against Jack whose supporting his weight that isn’t resting on the impala.
“Ugh” Dean gasps sharply, his arms falling around Castiel’s waist limply. Then his head to Cas’s soft shoulder.
For a man who doesn’t do chick flick moments.
Regardless he noticed Dean had not fulfilled the human tradition of decorating his cast.  In fact other than the few scuffs near the top where Dean tried to scratch into his leg, it is blank.
What happened next Dean can describe as one of the greatest moments of his life, because the smile Cas gave him would be burned into his memories for years to come. What happened next definitely would be. When Cas pulled him in close and kissed him,  it was better than anything he could have imagined, even better than the first time. This time Dean could taste the cinnamon coffee in Cas’s mouth, and the saltiness of their tears on his lips. Every moment of it, Dean spent memorizing the touch, and taste of it all.
Just like that Cas was being tugged away.
Jack nods “Yes but I’m not sure what we are walking into.”
“You killed your own son” Sam says.
Dean nods his head at Mary’s statement as they are ushered in the door. Cas keeps his hand linked with Dean’s if only to quell his nerves. It's not that he'd never met Dean’s family before but he just wasn't used to the big family Christmas anymore. Or well this newfound rel-fake relationship.
Dean’s under eyes were smudged with black eye liner, in the corners a pop of green matched his hair. Topping it all off with the small spider on his right cheek bone.
“You know. The eternal suffering alone sounds good on paper but as a viewing experience it’s kind of – ehh.”
“So does that mean you are the new” Sam stutters, “What do we call you?”
Cas hitches his breath, warning sirens going off in his head. Dean knows. He is like this because Cas has a stupid crush on him.
"Don't pout buddy. Look it's only an hour left on the road, and I need all the boost of energy I can get. I still haven't told my parents that I'm not bringing someone home after Benny dumped my ass." Dean confesses.
“I let her go tonight.”
Dean felt his heart jolt a the sincerity of Cas’s words “Thank you Cas. But this is different man”
“Ehh you’ll love me forever anyway” Cas states with a wink.
Harrowing at my bones, eating me alive. Like maggots feasting inside the bullet hole of a deer shot at the wrong angle.
A laugh broke out from Dean as soon as they stepped into his room. Cas tilted his head to the side in confusion. Dean held out the blue sweater to Cas, watching as his eyes widened in disgust.
There wasn’t a defiant reason why, life had just pulled them apart living different places. Dean had gained other friends who wanted to spend time with him too. School had been in the thickest content part of the semester, and ever the nerd Cas had to study too. Dork.
Quickly Dean tears off the wrapping, curious as to what it could be. Cas’s gifts always seem to be the best. Inside is a felt brown cowboy hat, with a little metal horseshoe on the side of the length of the hat.
Castiel tilted his head slightly "My dad is very religious, angels and all that; your parents too?"
Dean turn to Cas his voice lowering slightly, he held out a hand to Cas “she’s a - she’s a lady”
”I don't know Cas” Sam finishes his sentence.
Dean had broke his leg a few weeks ago leaving him in the bunker, with a grumpy attitude and a plain white cast on his leg. Which the newly human Castiel couldn’t heal. Much to Cas’s own displeasure, he hates feeling useless.
“Are you – sure you want to… stop this” Cas gestures between the two of them his head to tipped to the side in confusion. He swallows hard at the desperation in his voice.
Dean sits up slowly, a frown on his face “I was just about to come find you. I wanted to talk, but I just” he gestures the bed, “you know bed”
Cas didn't know what to say, everyone now thought they had been dating for months. They thought he’d been in Benny’s place with Dean. He hadn't thought about that little factor in their agreement. Though he longed for it to be true.
“Really? You are going to let a dog sit in the impala?” Sam says with surprise, and even Cas seems surprised by this.
”It doesn’t matter Cas” Dean grumbles not meeting his eyes. Instead he looks at their intertwined hands. Feeling utterly ashamed and selfish. Here he is ruining yet another person’s life. Castiel is supposed to be out happy with Sam, but no Dean can’t even keep his emotions in check. They probably hate him for it too.
Pressing his eyes shut tightly, Castiel waits for the inevitable crunch.
"You need to giv'her a wax Dean, look at the shit on my car" John stabbed rubbing his finger over the shiny black metal. Which definitely didn't need a waxing.
Cas nods. Proud, his efforts are paying off.
Dean can practically feel his heart wrenching his chest. He grounds his teeth.
A single drop of rain falls onto the windshield, then another and soon it is pouring from the sky. Lightening crackling in the dark in all directions, thunder crashing down, matching the anger and sadness of their moods. In a move likely practiced by Chuck.
“No” Dean shakes his head, tears welling in his eyes. A defeated look in them, shoulders slumped forwards, “Stay with me.”
"No, I don't believe I will be." John crosses his arms over his chest.
“Really?” Sam asks, standing off above the headless body of the vampire, looking at it with a grimace. And Cas nods.
“Come on boys” Dean beckons them out. They look up at him afraid and unsure if they should move.
The brothers and the angel all exchange confused looks. As well as a mutual understand. They must find whatever or whomever Jack is feeling.
Sam’s mouth falls into an o shape.
Silence.
No different the handprint was a hello, this is goodbye and there is no coming back this time.
“I-I am bisexual, I like both girls and guys.” Finally this huge secret he had kept from his parents for years finally came out. He didn’t dare look up at their reactions he just sighed in relief.
Cas of course looks around, most likely to see if one of the Winchesters are around. Luckily for Dean's big mouth, Mary stands picking out ornaments, possibly in earshot. Dean scolds himself for almost revealing the truth.
Dean scoffs bitterly "Yeah you think i don't know that."
At first there was disbelief, then warmth “Dean”
Michael squints at him “it?”
"You first" Cas grumbled.
“Come on I need my boo, looking like the bird man he was always meant to be.” Dean cracked a large grin at his lame Halloween joke.
”Cars then,” Cas asked abandoning his work completely to talk with Dean.
Out the door, into the garage, into baby. He leans his head against the steering wheel trying to gain some sort of composure.
“Yes” Dean puffs out his chest, then deflates, “No – I don’t know” he lets his hands go again. Walking back towards the impala. He picks up the first aid kit. Fumbling with it as he walks to the trunk. It falls from his hands busting open, all the things scattering across the ground. Dean crouches down grabbing at them.
When Dean went to the store later, he proudly showed off his heart covered Valentine’s day cast (which he got many compliments on thank you very much), and his boyfriend who was holding his hand.
”Cas” Dean slurs his voice groggy with alcohol. Green eyes lidded and glossy, as if he had just finished crying. When Cas dumps a small amount of alcohol on the wound Dean springs up fully awake, almost bumping heads with Cas.
“Son of a bitch Cas do you really mean that? No pretending.” Dean asks needily digging his fingers into Cas’s hips.
Cas gasped looking at the ring in Dean's hands, it was a small silver band with a black gem in the center and two smaller yellow ones on the outside "I know it's not much - that I don't have much either, but I love you Cas. I have my love to offer you every day for the rest of our lives if you'll have me. Will you marry me?"
“Fiction, stories. You can watch it, read it, time and again. There's something unlimited, and expanding to interpret every time. There is no rush to understand, no such thing as too late. The world, people - love is easier to understand. There is no judgment, or other shoe waiting to drop. It's simply a window of escape and happiness, that isn't laced with something bittersweet. Just..." Cas trails off placing the golden ribbon holding his page back into the book placing it beside the bed "sometimes fiction is easier - better. Everything just works. ”
Cas likes somebody, a guy somebody. Dean sucks in a breath. His moral compass going out the window.
"Anything for you Angel" Dean nuzzled the side of his head. Interlocking their fingers they moved on to the Ferris wheel. Where they would ride to the very top and kiss. Just like in those cheesy rom-coms Cas always made them watch; not that Dean would admit it but he secretly liked them.
There he is. Breathing quickly in and out. Trench coat falling as he lands on concrete ground, dust brushing away. For a second before Jack steps out from behind Cas, the shadows of his powerful wings lie against the barn wall behind Cas.
“But I think I know now happiness isn’t in the having it’s in the just being it’s in the just saying it.”
Jack shakes his head, “Castiel doesn’t belong here” he yells. Unfolding his arms from his chest in a quick motion pushing them out towards the shadow. A beam of power radiates from his outstretched hands, towards the shadow. Castiel steps back his hands letting go of the goo.
Dean doesn’t know whether it’s the sleepiness still in his veins. The way Cas looks entirely perfect talking to his mother. Or the stupid gingerbread Cas is adorning with a blue tie and a trench coat, but all at once he is swept away. Allowing his heart to take the lead, with not an ounce of thought or push back.
“Dean you can’t survive with no kidneys.” Cas rolled his eyes. “And I can’t survive without you.” He said fondly.
“Mr. Novak. I heard from the nurses you were awake and in distress?” The doctor walked in a few minutes later and asked concernedly.
“I love you too.”
“Dean this isn’t our wedding night.”
Gabriel had dropped Cas off at the door, but Dean hadn’t been in. He’d gone out to get cake to say sorry and pamper the heck out of his poor Cas when he got back, but of course, neither of them knew that. All Cas knew that Dean wasn’t there, but that was nothing new lately.
“Jody what the hell are you talking about?” Dean cut her off in annoyance. He sounded… hung over, why the hell was he hungover? He wouldn’t drink when Cas needed him and that meant…
Ahhh screw it, this chapter was ready too so here you are to kill the suspense
“Was there any need for that!” Gabriel growled. “You knew that already, Jody told you…”
“Maybe. Maybe not.”
“Why do you think I buy Clothes for Cas? He never buys clothes, he wears the same thing the whole damn time.”
“Hello Moose, did you have your talk with Deano?”
“Shut up Balthy.” Cas chuckled, and he heard then both laughing back. “So, am I still dying?” Cas asked tiredly.
“I know that!” Dean scoffed.
There was silence for a while.
“Promise we’re nearly home Cas.” As the Impala began to slow in a residential area.
“I’ll wait out here in case you need me.” She gave him a small encouraging smiled.
“It was something Gabriel said… I think he’s tried to kill himself before Bobby.”
A few hours into the lonely early morning shift, the others started arriving for theirs.
“I know, and I deserve it.” Dean nodded solemnly, and Cas took his hand. “And if I have to spend the rest of my life earning the right to love your little brother I will.” He said, looking Gabriel in the eye.
I promise they will soon be moving towards resolving this in a chapter or 2 :)
“Hello, Mr. Novak, nice to see you looking better.” Cas had gotten to know his doctor well over the past weeks of his treatment, but he’d never seen him smile so genuinely.
“Sam?” He opened the door to Dean’s brother. He hadn’t seen him and Eileen for well, probably 4 months, which was ridiculous considering they lived 15minutes away.
“I love you more.”
“Ok TMI.” Gabriel interrupted. “Keep it PG please.”
“I just don’t want to worry him.”
“Shit.”
Cas didn’t answer, he didn’t want to think about Dean but he had been the one thing on his mind since this whole thing started. Every fibre of his body hurt with the thought that Dean didn’t love him anymore. He wondered what it was he’d done wrong, or maybe it was just everything he did that was wrong. Maybe Dean had just found someone better than him. Either way his soul mate didn’t feel the same way and Cas was so very alone again.
Dean stepped awkwardly through the door with Cas in his arms and then put him down with a grunt a little heavily.
Cas had a PhD in computational linguistics. He had a gifted tongue in every sense. Pure linguistics was his passion, but the future he knew lay in computing industry. The NSA had recruited him straight out of college and a few years later he secured a job with the DOD and they had both made the move to Washington. It was a great move in every way, it brought them closer to Sam and Eileen, his fiancé, who’d moved down there after Sam had graduated in Law at Stanford.
“What? How?”
“Dean?”
…………………………………….
“Then why didn’t he fight the divorce?”
“Cas, you mean you would live with him, even knowing he’s cheating on you?” Gabriel asked astounded.
Cas had met Charlie after she’d tried to hack into the NSA and Sam had got her off the charges. He wasn’t sure how Sam had swung it, but she’d ended up a little sister to Dean and Sam and Cas too. Kevin was Charlie’s best friend, still a Kid, but already a genius. An advanced placement with perfect score. They really were the most unlikely family, especially when you threw Dean in the mix. They were essentially a bunch of nerds if you discounted green eyed mechanic.
“Cancer?” Dean’s face paled again.
“Bullshit.”
“I want... if its ok with you, to tell everyone we’re getting married.”
Sam opened his mouth to protest, but changed his mind. If his brother was admitting he needed to get away, he wasn’t going to stop him.
Well thanks you to everyone who has commented or given Kudos, it means the world.
They’d had to take things slowly, even more slowly considering Cas’ recovery. They’d kept him in the hospital for nearly a month until the cancer was under better control. Then it was home to Gabriel’s and Dean had only been able to visit for a while. The Chemo eventually did cause Cas to lose his hair, but it hardly seemed to bother him.
“Sir, I’m afraid we are closed, I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” The guy swore and kicked something as he left, but frankly Jake didn’t care.
“Charlie’s coming too and Kevin.”
Gabriel thought for a minute. They only reason they’d both been certain Dean was cheating was that he’d served the divorce papers. If that had been because he thought Cas had been cheating… was this just the biggest cock up he’d ever witnessed?
“Our main objective is to keep hold of the business and its assets. We don’t want it sold and the assets split.” Sam took over, knowing his brother hated this whole thing.
“Does Dean know?”
“The one so tight it makes him look like a stripper?” Dean smirked.
“That would be great. Thank you both so much.” Cas smiled in awe.
“I wouldn’t want you to.” Cas sighed.
“I’ll give you a wake-up call when I set off, but please get some sleep Cas.”
“I don’t understand Cas, how…”
“Can I go home?” Cas asked shakily.
The younger was met by a face he wasn’t expecting, and his eyes narrowed.
“He’s high as a kite.” The thug said again, but Cas didn’t hear any of it.
“I checked, the key was under the mat. No one home, beds made...”
“Sure.” Sam smiled wryly. “Anyway... I just approached Cas to ask whether he would like to see a therapist, to talk to someone about what happened who isn’t family and can help him work through it.”
Cas saw Gabriel nod in the corner of his eye as he buried himself into Dean and clung on for dear life. “Whether I consented or not, it changes nothing, I was unfaithful Dean…” Cas sobbed.
“Don’t be sorry. It’s ok. I know a certain brother of yours who will hoover it up.” Dean’s own face twisted upwards when that line gained another small, more genuine smile from Cas. “Can I hold you?”
She waited about 30 seconds after Dean pulled Cas in the door, looking incredibly worried and relieved to see his fiancé before she pulled away. Yeah. Dean would look after him.
“Sammy, nice to see you and all, but let’s start from the beginning. Why are you here? I haven’t seen you for months.”
“Yeah, I swung by you apartment to ask you both to dinner on Sunday, at 6. Cas said, he’s fine, but he looks exhausted.” Sam probed, wondering what response he was going to get.
……………………………….
“There’s something else I want to talk to you about, something that I think would help us both...” Dean started.
“Nah ah, ah… Only Cassie gets to call me that.” He said playfully.
“What when?”
“Dean…”
“Had a fight with Dean.” He slurred out.
“Yeah babe?”
They were interrupted by Sam’s phone ringing.
“Had a bit of help.” Dean said with a smile as Sam and Eileen stepped into sight, Sam carrying a box in his arms.
“Yes, I know. You’re waiting for us to get married like a good little Christian.” Dean practically spat and Cas felt his own heckles raise in anger.
Cas hadn’t thought this through. He had barely walked for 5 minutes before he felt the pain in his back flaring up and the weakness spreading through his legs. But he wasn’t going to call Dean for help. He wasn’t going to call anyone. He was angry with himself and crushed in a way he had never felt before. He thought Dean hadn’t minded his injuries, hadn’t minded helping him when he was having a bad day, but obviously he’d been wrong. Of course Dean minded. Cas had been naïve to think he wouldn’t be a burden, and of course Dean was angry about the fact he refused to have sex until they married. He deserved a reward for his patience, because God knew that Cas didn’t have anything else to offer Dean but what was left of his crippled body. He struggled to work from his injury, Dean paid all the bills, bought the house, Cas had contributed nothing. He hadn’t even finished college and meanwhile Sam was a lawyer, Kevin was researching for his doctorate and he was just another failed college athlete.
“Whaattt Deaaan.” Cas shivered, pressing his nose inside Dean’s coat.
“No, but I think he wants to… he didn’t say it but I think he’s worried about what you’ll think, so maybe just talk to him? Give him a little push in the right direction. I thought he could maybe see Pam.”
“She’s good Dean, really good.”
“What do you mean why am I here? I live here.” Dean protested, mouth full of sandwich.
The first few weeks were tough. Very tough. Dean suddenly realised how much he’d taken on and he was overwhelmed. The first few days he got home at 9pm, dinner on the table and a doting husband easing away all the struggles. Every day Dean went to bed exhausted and woke up to fully balanced accounts and an empty space in the bed as Cas had already left for work.
“Yeah, well actually I know someone who owes me a big favour, so let’s not worry about that. We’ll sort this Dean.”
Castiel sighed. “I suppose I better ring Charlie and Kevin. They’ll probably not want much to do with me after the divorce, they were always Dean’s friends not mine.”
“What’s Dean’s excuse?” Gabriel spat back.
“I love you too angel.” Dean smiled, moving aside to let the paramedics have access, while he slid Cas’ hand into his so they wouldn’t lose contact.
He hung up and cried.
“Sam, I know my brother better than you, when something is wrong he doesn’t ask people for help, he just hides away.”
“Really?” Gabriel sceptically.
“Bitch.
“Is that a yes?” Dean asked with a smirk.
Cas picked up the phone to call Dean’s cell, but fear made him change his mind. He was sure Dean had a good reason. He sent a text instead. ‘Hope you’re ok.’
“Oh, thank God it’s Cas.” He picked up. “God, Cas I’ve been so worried, where are you? I’m at yours now with Dean, but you aren’t?”
“What?” Gabriel said with a clenched Jaw.
“Just driving around in the impala.”
“Why do you think I’d want to go back to how things were?” Cas looked into those emerald eyes solemnly. “My life before the accident wasn’t a life. You saved me Dean.”
“Course you do.” Gabriel smiled.
“Jody?” he croaked out. “What are you doing here?”
“It’s pathetic Cass.”
“Does Dean know?”
……………
“That shouldn’t be funny, but it is.”
Dean reluctantly left the shop and Sam turned back to the young women. “Hi…”
“What are you doing here?” Gabriel countered.
…………….
Dean froze.
"It's Pam."
……………………………….
“Will you talk to Cas, convince him to maybe talk to Dean?”
Cas nodded tearfully but didn’t say a word. She tried to help him to his feet, but Cas was barely able to take his own weight. His legs were shaking badly and that made her stomach drop again.
“I know, but Dean I want to get married. And by that I mean, I want to start planning an actual wedding.”
“No Cas.” Dean said sternly, and Cas flinched. There was a beat of silence were everyone stared and said nothing, before Dean spoke again. “There is nothing wrong with you. This isn’t your fault and I could never not love you Castiel. I will always want you.” He said firmly, leaving no room for argument. Dean continued to rub circles into Cas’ chest and he only just noticed that it was making him feel warmer, that his body started to shake uncontrollably as his teeth chattered violently.
“Castiel what happened?” She asked worriedly. “What did you take?”
“I’m going to murder who did this, I swear to God…” He cut off as the doors to Cas’ room opened and the medical staff poured out.
“Do you remember what happened Baby brother? They said you passed out at work.”
It was midday on Saturday and Cas was exhausted. Getting off his shift he’d had a text from the bank saying they were overdrawn, which shouldn’t have happened. So, instead of going back to bed he was ringing Dean.
“W-what?” Dean’s voice came out a broken whisper.
Cas looked a little worried. “Gabe?” Why did they need the doctor to tell him, what had they done, taken out the wrong kidney or something? Removed his leg by mistake? No, he still had both legs, he checked quickly, that was ok at least.
“No, sorry he’s at the shop.”
“Have you rung Charlie?”
“It’s a complicated situation.” Gabriel protested.
He then looked into their so-called accountant. He CV was certainly impressive, but when he dug a little he realised that this guy was a fraud. All relatives were dead for a start, apart from a sister in prison for larceny. So, no sick Grandma. And although he’d started studying accounting he’d dropped out.
“What’s going on with Cas?”
“I thought that maybe we could renew our vows.” Dean shrugged.
“But that’s just a few weeks away. Can’t they postpone it?”
“OK, never mind, come in.”
“Yeah, do you really think…”
Cas had expected it to be bad… humiliating, violating… and that it certainly was, but it was worse. At least the rape he barely remembered, the drugs had clouded his mind enough that he there were only dribs and drabs clear to him. This on the other hand was very clear, he felt every clinical touch, every violation and it seemed to last forever.
“But you’re better right?”
“It doesn’t make me sad anymore.” Cas admitted. “I mean I miss it, of course I do, but I can look out the window and imagine running in the park and its just a way of keeping it with me.”
“What?”
“You got here fast.”
When Cas came around he was cold and dirty and alone. Day had turned into night. Draped in the side alley, discarded like rubbish, every fibre of his being ached. But there was one place that ached more than all others, somewhere that should never hurt like that. As dribs and drabs of memory bled back into his mind he felt sick. And then he was, violently, all over the concrete.
This was all his fault. He just prayed that Cas was ok.
“I was talking to Sam and Jody this morning. Sam’s going to take up your case as you asked him to and Jody caught three of them yesterday, they’re in prison Cas.”
“Last night… well technically early this morning.”
“No Jody, thank you but I have to do this myself.”
“No thanks. I better get back.” Cas stood up and the room span violently. Somehow, he managed to keep his feet. “Thank you for the drinks.” His voice came out slurred.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Sam barked anxiousy.
“You want me to stay?” Sam asked. Cas had been looking worse and worse since they’d got him to fess up. He’d probably stopped bothering to hide it from the tall lawyer, but Sam was more than a little worried, especially when he found Dean still wasn’t there to look after him.
Jody stepped out of the car and sighed. “Hi Bobby.”
“Bit early in the day. Can I buy you a drink?” A smarmy English man asked as he slipped onto the stool behind him.
“Would it not just be easier to do a transplant?” Gabriel asked. “Then he’d be straight back on his feet?”
“Please do brother.” Cas said darkly.
“How is he today, I heard you tell Jody he was having a bad day?”
Jack and Claire, a brother and sister orphaned in a house fire a few years ago, now lived with them. It had taken them a while to adjust, Claire especially, but they were both sweet kids and their family finally felt complete. Now Dean pretty much was a stay at home Dad, still dabbling at the garage every now and then. Cas only worked part time now, he loved his job and Dean knew he needed something to keep that big brain occupied, but he also wanted to be at home with his Husband and kids as much as possible. They didn’t need the money anyway, the business brought in enough for them to be comfortable, but that didn’t mean they took it for granted.
Dean had been pacing the entire time Cas was in there. He understood Cas didn’t want him in there, Sam had calmed him down and explained the reasons why Cas might not want Dean to see him like this and it wasn’t that Dean wanted to see Cas like this, he never wanted to see his lover hurt, but he wanted to be there for him. And it kind of hurt that Cas didn’t want him there. But he couldn’t be mad, this wasn’t about him, it wasn’t a rejection, it was about Cas and what he needed.
“Back to work.” Dean sounded angry, slamming the door hard. Cas was left alone. The silence was deafening. He had no idea what that had all been about but he felt the tears pricking in his eyes.
Dean knew Cas’ job was tough, he could see it in his features every time he got home from work. It was long hours, stressful and he was relatively new so was in a constant battle to prove himself. The worst thing was he couldn’t talk about it. Cas was far too good at bottling stuff up and worked harder than anyone he knew.
