On their third day on Earth, Sam and Dean took them to a tattoo parlour with a fake ID for an anti-possession tattoo.
Jack missed Castiel.  They missed his heartbeat, the light of his grace, the way he was always speaking to Jack.   Castiel spoke to them in their head and out loud too.  Castiel used to say that it was important that Jack learn to listen with their human ears as well as their mind.  He explained that Dean and Sam weren’t used to communicating using their minds the way that Jack and Castiel did.  Jack would have to speak using their mouth.  Castiel had answered as many of Jack’s questions as he could.  He sometimes Castiel didn’t know, but he would try to find out.  Jack loved Sam and Dean, but they did not understand their complicated and nuanced emotions.  They loved Dean because he made Castiel happy and Jack loved Castiel.  Jack loved Sam because they could tell that Sam made an effort to bond with them.  Sam was doing all of the things that Castiel had told Jack Dean would do when they came out.  Dean hated Jack.  That much was clear to them.  Dean couldn’t look at them for very long.  His thoughts were always full of pain, anxiety, and Castiel when Jack was in the room.  Jack wanted Dean to love them.  Dean loved Castiel.   Castiel loved Jack.  Jack loved Dean.  Why didn’t Dean love Jack?  It was very hard to understand.  It made Jack’s head hurt.  They sat at the desk in Castiel’s room, missing him and listening to Sam and Dean arguing.  Jack remembered a time when Sam, Dean and Castiel had sat together in the kitchen, eating meals that Dean prepared with care and laughing about nothing in particular.  Castiel would occasionally take Dean’s hand and play with the rings on his fingers.  Jack asked him what they were.  Castiel told them that one of the rings belonged to Dean’s father, who had died.  The other belonged to his mother, who had also died. Jack asked if their family would die.  Castiel told them that all humans died eventually, he hoped that Dean and Sam would live for a long time.  Castiel told them that he didn’t know how long anyone would live.  It made Jack sad that humans died.  It made Jack sad that angels died too. It smelled like Castiel had spent many days in it.  Jack searched the underground bunker until they found a blanket in Dean’s room that smelled like Castiel.  It was grey and soft.  They wrapped themselves in it and clutched it, comforted by the familiar scent.  Castiel’s scent was all they had known for months. Living without him now made Jack feel very complicated emotions.  They rubbed their wings together, uneasy.  They just really wanted Castiel.  Perhaps what they were feeling was simple.  Jack did not know.  They wished they could just ask Castiel.  Castiel had always had some kind of answer.
Dean picked up the pace.  He panted against Castiel’s face.  His scent was spiking into something new and delicious.
Dean still had a hand on Cas’s, as if to steady him.  His body language changed then from concerned partner, to no nonsense hunter.
While Dean was drying his hands, Cas called him again.  It had not even been fifteen minutes since Dean had helped him.
As charming as Sam and Dean usually were, Castiel was beginning to feel a little light headed.  He knelt beside the jug of holy oil and raised an eyebrow.  Dean knelt beside him and held out a hand. Castiel wordlessly poured a small amount into Dean’s palm before shrugging off his coat and blazer.  He fumbled with the buttons of his shirt, before stripping out of it.  He wordlessly allowed Dean to paint the enochian bonding sigil over his chest in holy oil, something that could really hurt him if it caught on fire. He took care as he did the same for Dean.  The warmth of Dean’s skin and the slide of the oil made him feel pleasantly tingly.  The lightheadedness doubled when Dean read out the bonding words.  They made his heart ache.  If Dean knew what they meant, he would never read them to him.  They were words that Castiel knew he, himself meant down to the core.  But Dean saw him as a friend.  Moreover, Dean was much more hung up on the physical things like gender presentation.  Frankly, Castiel would love Dean if Dean were four feet tall with no genitals and purple skin.  Castiel was glad that Dean’s body looked the way it did.  It suited him.
Castiel smiled tenderly at Jack though and said, “It’s okay. And no, we haven’t found anything yet.”
It was just little things at first that Jack noticed. There were normal human signs of happiness that Jack recognised but had never seen Dean exhibit before. He was smiling, humming along to music and being
He pressed his palms against Castiel’s chest, feeling Castiel’s nipples through the fabric of the T-shirt. Castiel’s biting got sloppier and his breath was hot and wet on Dean’s jawline as Dean began to squeeze at his tits roughly. He easily moved his hands under Castiel’s shirt, sliding over the soft skin to better attack. He twisted and played until the buds were red and swollen. They would be tender for a while and Dean looked forward to soothing them with his tongue later.
Sam paused his podcast which would normally have been totally fine but Dean dreaded that Sam would most likely want him to talk.
Castiel pursed his lips together and then nipped at Dean’s jaw, some of the frustration from earlier returning. He brought a hand to the back of Dean’s hair and gave an aggressive tug that made Dean gasp. The contrast of the burn of Castiel’s stubble and the softness of Castiel’s lips and tongue was so addicting. They could discuss more later. Dean was tired of talking anyways.
From the moment they had met, Dean had been quick to anger especially when Jack was involved. Dean was honest and direct which was a relief to Jack for the most part even when what he said was hurtful (whether he meant it to be or not). But recently things were... different. They weren’t perfect but they had definitely changed for the better. At first Jack had assumed Dean’s good mood had been just about their recent trip to Dodge City but it had persisted afterwards.
Sam shook his head, “No, Jack. Sorry, I just... Dean is my brother and I don’t normally want to think about him sleeping with people. Even though he does. A lot.”
Castiel tilted his head and Dean hated how the familiar gesture warmed him. “I thought your car was in the shop. That’s why Sam said I had to drive you.”
He glanced up to steal a look at Castiel. As usual, Castiel’s eyes looked thoughtful and his brow was creased ever so slightly as he listened to whatever Sam was saying. From what Dean could see, Cas didn’t appear to be especially bothered by what had happened earlier.
They had gotten a call from Jodie asking if they could check out a missing persons case a couple states over. So they had all piled into the Impala (“Baby”) and driven the whole day until they needed to stop for dinner. It was an average scene as they all sat in the motel, eating takeout and doing research on their computers. Jack had been enthusiastic at first about the case but as the hours began ticking by with no new info to be found online, he was beginning to lose steam.
An awkward silence filled the room as Sam was clearly trying to think how to best handle this conversation. Jack didn’t understand why this was such an issue. People had sex all the time in movies and it never seemed like it was a huge deal. Unless a character got pregnant but neither Dean nor Castiel could bear children. “Should I not have said anything?” Jack asked after what felt like an eternity. “Are we still gonna watch the movie?”
Things got quiet after that. They looked at headlines online for anything strange but everything appeared to be normal for once. Dean returned to ignoring Sam and it wasn’t until two weeks later that Sam eventually managed to pin down Dean. Rain was beating onto the windows and Dean had secluded himself in the library, leaving himself unintentionally open to Sam’s questioning. He had been reading through the Men of Letters’ archives and hadn’t realised it had become so late, having gotten caught up in his research (and keeping his mind off Cas) that he had completely forgotten about dinner.
Dean felt his body stiffen at the name and he reached again for his beer, taking a long drink as he finished it off. He crumpled the tinfoil from his burger into a ball and tossed it back in the bag, searching for fries that had fallen out of the box.
There were brief moments of reprieve where Dean would find some cases close by to investigate. Close enough that the drive would be no longer than an hour or two; long enough to feel like an escape and short enough that the subject of conversation never had a chance to stray to more personal matters.
Dean ran furiously until he came upon a small clearing in the woods where he could hear the sound of fangs snapping just ahead. Cas was standing with his angel blade drawn in front of him, protecting the poor bastard of the week who had decided to make a pact with a demon and now had to pay for it. Turning his head slightly, Dean was able to focus his one good lens on the two hellhounds and lifted his gun to take aim. His heart raced in his chest as it always did when he reached the climax of the hunt.
Pulling away from the warmth of Castiel’s body, Dean took a step back to take off his underwear, his dick jumping free from the waistband. The cool air hit his damp cock and Dean hissed through his teeth at the feeling. However his attention was quickly focused elsewhere as Castiel took off his own underwear. Dark hair surrounded Castiel’s cock and Dean’s eyes were drawn in.
The morning came slowly, Jack had gotten a couple of hours of sleep but had woken up somehow feeling more tired than he had been before he’d fallen asleep. The bunker was just as quiet as it had been in the late night hours as Jack made his way to the kitchen to wait for everyone to wake up. Sam was the first to get up at sometime after 7AM. He said hi to Jack before going for a jog, coming back to eat breakfast, taking a shower and then going on his computer to see if he had gotten any messages about a case. Jack was used to Sam having his own morning routine and there was something comforting about the predictability of it all. However Dean had always woken up whenever the mood struck him, never sticking to a schedule as far as Jack could tell. A few more hours passed by and Jack began to wonder if Dean and Castiel would ever wake up. Thankfully, around 11AM, Castiel finally made his way into the kitchen.
Dean stood leaning against Baby which he had parked earlier on the side of the quiet country road. Just across the street Sam and Castiel spoke together, discussing the details of the case most likely though it was near impossible to hear what they were saying. Dean was barely listening to the conversation anyways and was more focused on keeping his eyes turned downwards, avoiding Castiel
“Cas says he’ll drive Joey home,” Sam said casually as he slid into his usual spot on the passenger’s side.
“Good night,” Jack responded as he continued to click on different police reports, feeling bored but not sleepy. He stretched his arm over the back of his head and couldn’t help but take a peek at Dean and Castiel who were seated on the tiny couch provided by the motel. They had been sharing a laptop, which meant Castiel was doing most of the work while Dean was drinking a beer and peering over Castiel’s shoulder from time to time.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice broke through and Dean realized he was just standing dumbly in front of the car door. Dean shook his head as if trying to physically clear his mind and ducked into the car.
Sam quickly poured another shot for the two of them and they downed those just as fast. Dean could feel his head becoming a little foggier but not nearly foggy enough to loosen his tongue.
Having never attended a movie night before, Jack began to feel a little nervous as the event drew closer. It was only Sam though and this helped Jack relax. He wasn’t sure he could handle sitting next to Dean for two hours in a dark, quiet room. Taking a breath, Jack tried to calm himself down at the sheer thought and opened up one of the laptops in the library to do a quick search. According to Google, movie nights required snacks so he went to the kitchen and microwaved a bag of popcorn and grabbed a few cans of soda. He piled everything in his arms and set out for his room where Sam said he would be waiting with the movie.
They were both growing frustrated with each other. Dean was tired of being cornered first by Sam and now by Cas. He was scared that if he did express his actual feelings that Cas would get angry or pity Dean. Both options were unacceptable so the only thing to do was to bottle it all up and drink it away over time. Whether Castiel was frustrated because of Dean deflecting or over the actual kiss itself, Dean couldn’t be sure.
Once the bathroom door had closed behind Sam though, Dean knocked his knee against Castiel’s and had a look on his face that Jack had never seen before. His eyes were dark and he had an almost playful smile on his lips. Slowly, he leaned close to Castiel, whispering something in his ear, and the angel’s eyes appeared to glaze over as he listened. They were seated so close to one another despite having quite a bit of space on either side of them and Jack had never known Dean to not be sprawling all over any space he was provided. Dean moved a hand onto Castiel’s leg, resting it on the inside of Castiel’s thigh and the angel’s mouth parted as his breathing became heavier.
He looked just as flushed as Dean did and was presumably just as naked, although the blanket from the bed was covering everything below the waist.
In a flash of movement, Castiel took off his seatbelt so that he could turn his body to look directly at Dean. Their noses were almost touching and Dean felt Castiel’s heated breath on his upper lip. “You have to talk, Dean,” Castiel spoke with a hard edge to his voice.
Dean cracked open the beer he had gotten and drank slowly from it. If Cas knew then why hadn’t he said anything? Unless he wasn’t feeling the same way and was choosing to ignore it. Maybe he was trying to save Dean from embarrassment by never addressing it. Dean played with the bottlecap from his beer before throwing it onto the table.
“Oh wow, I haven’t even watched that one yet,” Sam sounded impressed and Jack enjoyed the subtle praise. “Have you heard of Indiana Jones?”
The silence stretched on for a moment as Sam waited for Dean to completely run out of food. Dean tossed the bag aside and licked the extra grease off his fingers, relishing Sam’s disgusted look. However Dean’s smugness quickly faded away as Sam gave up on allowing Dean to talk on his own time.
Dean had always been a loud sleeper; he snored and grumbled during the late hours of the night. However the sounds that were coming from his room now were different from the ones he usually heard. There was heavy breathing like Dean was exerting himself somehow and Jack knew these weren’t normal sleeping noises. The harsh breaths were punctuated by soft sighs and Jack felt a growing concern. It sounded like there was another person in the room with Dean, maybe an assailant. Then Jack heard a grunt and the creak of the bed straining under the weight of someone moving.
to people. Then there was the way he interacted with Castiel which was different from the way he was with everyone else.  Like how Dean would fuss with Castiel’s clothing, not in a way that was belittling but just like he cared. Or how much Dean touched Castiel. As far as Jack could tell, Dean had never been a “touchy-feely” kind of guy. But when Castiel was around, Dean was always greeting him with a hug or casually resting a hand on his shoulder.
It didn’t excuse Dean’s behaviour towards Jack but it did help explain it. The feeling of loss Dean must have been experiencing and how Sam had tried so hard to get him to open up. It had all culminated in an angry and aggressive Dean Winchester. Sort of like a cornered animal with no other option but to try and fight its way out, hurting anyone that got in its way.
Jack felt himself suddenly nervous about asking any questions. He remembered the night before and how angry Dean had been. Maybe this was all a bad idea. The last thing he wanted was to make Castiel mad at him by asking personal questions about something he didn’t fully understand. Then again, Castiel was the one who was supposed to help him and look after him so maybe he would be happy to have Jack ask questions. He settled for just murmuring a small, “Good morning,”
Dean sat up in his bed with a shocked expression on his face, looking at the broken door and then at Jack. Everything seemed normal. Dean was a little red faced and sweaty but he didn’t appear to be in any sort of danger. Jack scanned the room in confusion, searching for the invader or some other cause of Dean’s earlier distress. His hand fell to his side as he came up empty.
He exhaled, shaky and uneven. His body felt simultaneously both stiff and boneless as if the tiniest breeze could knock him over at any moment. He ran his hands over his face and pushed himself away from the counter to move to the fridge. If there was any moment that called for a beer, it was this one.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said. “We were in a bad place ever since Jack lost his soul and... and I thought I had told you so many times before.”
all queued up but his earlier excitement for the movie had vanished. “Everything okay?” Sam asked as Jack continued to just stand in the doorway. “I thought I heard Dean yelling.”
Castiel’s whole body tensed and he seemed to be calculating Dean’s words. “Then why did you do it?” he asked.
Dean went down the stairs again and his shoes were soggy, slapping each step with a wet sound. He dropped the bottles and cans onto the counter with a thud and began putting them away as Sam came over to help. Avoiding Sam’s questioning look, Dean finished unloading and threw the receipt on the counter.
“Listen, Dean, I just...” Castiel broke the silence first and moved further into the kitchen, a little cautiously. “I just wanted to say, ‘thank you’.”
Dean was able to catch just a glimpse of Castiel’s chest, his dark nipples surrounded by a dusting of chest hair. His eyes began the trek downward to Castiel’s tummy, enjoying the sight of belly flab that had accumulated over time and the coarse hair that trailed down from his navel, disappearing into the waistband of his pants. He realised he was still staring as Castiel pulled his shirt down to cover himself.
Dean knew it wasn’t but he hoped Sam might let him bullshit his way out of the conversation. No luck.
“I.. didn’t mean to do that. Honestly.” Dean ran a hand over his mouth. “So I am sorry. But...” And he paused, thinking it over. Anything he said after this moment had the power to change his relationship with Castiel for the rest of their lives. But he knew he had to say something. So, after taking a breath, Dean exhaled and admitted, “I don’t regret it.”
He took a seat on his bed, laying the snacks on the desk, while trying to ignore the way Sam was studying his expression. Jack couldn’t help but run through what he had just seen in his mind over and over again. Even though Jack couldn’t quite figure out what he had interrupted, he knew it had been something private. One of the first things Jack had learned about humans was that they found nudity inappropriate and embarrassing. So if Dean and Castiel had been naked together, in bed, then they were probably doing something that they didn’t want anyone else to see.
The rain from the night before left the air feeling thick with humidity and Dean could feel himself starting to sweat from either the temperature or his current predicament. In the background, the radio was playing an old song by The Killers that Dean would begrudgingly admit he kind of liked. Castiel drove with one hand on the steering wheel and the other loosely tapping to the rhythm of the music on his thigh. Dean couldn’t help but think it was kind of cute how badly Cas was at keeping the beat.
They stayed connected together for just a moment after that. Dean didn’t want to let go but eventually managed to unwrap his arms from around Castiel. Castiel lifted himself off Dean's lap and Dean slid out of him, taking the condom off, tying it and tossing it in the general direction of the trash can.
They both stared each other down as they continued drinking, finishing the bottle of whiskey and the beers they had started. Sam was clearly not used to drinking so much and Dean felt like he had won some sort of battle as Sam excused himself to the bathroom, most likely to throw up. The bunker fell quiet again and Dean felt the weight of the evening settle onto his shoulders. If Cas hadn’t known Dean’s feelings before Dean had made a move (however unintentional it may have been), then he definitely did now.
“I’m gonna go to bed and get a fresh start in the morning,” Sam said with a yawn as he closed his laptop and headed towards the bathroom.
“Sam said you needed a drive to the grocery store,” Cas responded with just a hint of a question mark at the end.
They began to move together. Dean placed his lips around one of Castiel’s nipples and Castiel moaned, still sensitive from earlier. He writhed on Dean’s lap, trying to find the perfect angle that he had achieved earlier with his fingers. He looked so incredibly obscene and Dean tried to be patient for Cas to find the spot but couldn’t resist moving his hips up a couple of times. Castiel’s whole body shook and the sound that he made was like nothing Dean had ever heard him make before. It was a rough sound that came deep within Cas but it sounded so vulnerable and soft. Dean felt privileged to be able to hear it. He also selfishly wanted to hear more of it.
“Why are we stopping?” Dean asked as he took in the empty pavement in front of the car and the forest surrounding them. Castiel put the gear stick in park, turning the keys to shut off the engine. The soft music from the radio and the hum of the engine disappeared, leaving them with only the sound of the rain and their breathing. It felt strangely overwhelming and Dean had to take a deep breath to steady himself before looking over at Castiel.
Castiel looked surprised that Dean was bringing it up on his own and stood incredibly still as if any movement might spook him into silence.
Castiel huffed in annoyance at Dean’s answer. “Is this about the other night?” Castiel asked. “When you kissed me?”
That was until Sam stepped into the room holding up a big brown paper bag, grease soaking through to the bottom, in one hand and two bottles of beer in the other. “Dinner?” Sam suggested.
Dean couldn’t think of an answer for that one. It wasn’t as if he could outright say, “Because I’ve loved you for years and I’m just coming to terms with it myself.” So he instead ran a hand over his face and said, “It just happened.”
Dean wanted to die. He wanted to crawl into the nasty, wet hamburger bag and die. He poured himself another shot but decided to sip at it instead of going at it in one go. “What do you want me to say, Sammy?” he asked and then, in confusion, “What do you mean ‘finally’?”
They loaded the bags into the trunk and Castiel stepped into the driver's seat to start the car as Dean returned the cart to the store. Dean’s mouth was dry and his hands were clammy as he opened the passenger’s side door.
Castiel nodded and the atmosphere in the room began to feel heavy again. They each stood silently on opposite sides of the kitchen and Dean’s mind was trying to think of things to say. There was so much and he couldn’t imagine where to begin.
Sam held a bottle of whiskey and two shot glasses. This would normally be the sign of a fun night, perhaps spent watching a movie or just relaxing but Dean knew it was really to loosen him up.
The tug of sleep was demanding and Dean closed his eyes in surrender. It felt almost dreamlike as Dean admitted. “I’ve loved you for a long time, Cas.”
The aisle was colourful and called to Dean like a siren song. The Gas n’ Sips that Dean normally stopped at didn’t have anything close to this variety and Dean felt a little overwhelmed by all the options. He didn’t even know that there were at least six new flavours of Doritos. Gleefully, Dean began piling bags of chips, bars of chocolate and other teeth rotting goodness into the cart. “Do you want anything?” Dean asked Castiel excitedly.
They continued down the aisles picking up whatever they wanted and threw it in the cart until they were loaded down with pasta, sugary cereal, a variety of hot sauces and salsas, and whatever booze they could get their paws on. Dean picked up a small container of organic raspberries, thinking of Sam, then saw the price and promptly put it back down.
Dean looked back over at Cas and he was finally able to place the emotion on Castiel’s face; it was hurt.
The corner of Castiel’s lips lifted in a somber smile. “There’s nothing to be sorry about. He’s gone but...,” and he looked at Dean, his eyes a little misty. “He’s here.”
Suddenly, a thought came to Jack. He had never seen this scenario in real life but he had seen it in movies. Just as Sam cracked open the tab on his can of soda and lifted it to his lips, Jack turned towards him almost excitedly.
Dean looked past Cas at Sam who gave a comically big shrug. What a bad excuse. There was no way Dean would ever let someone else under the hood of his car.
He stomped his way down the iron stairs towards the kitchen where he dumped the junk food onto the counter. He could hear Castiel following behind and stomping down the stairs equally as hard. It was at that moment that Sam decided to pop his head around the door of the kitchen. He had clearly been expecting Dean and Cas to be all playful and loving after confessing their feelings in the produce section or something. Sam definitely wasn’t expecting the whirlwind of anger and sugary snacks that he had walked into.
Dean lightly slapped Castiel’s sensitive ass and then threw on the shirt he had stripped off earlier and some flannel pyjama pants. The bunker was quiet as he stepped into the hallway. The sounds of rain had faded away and the stormy sky had turned into a beautiful evening. Dean found Sam sitting in the library, air pods in his ears. Dean felt a little smug that he and Cas’s earlier antics had probably been the reason Sam had to put headphones in.
For a brief moment Dean wanted to slap the steering wheel. Joey! That was the name! But Dean couldn’t find it in himself to react so enthusiastically and instead just grunted as he put the keys into the ignition.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said, his own eyes red and watery. He then breathed in and tried to force a smile. “Can I try again?”
He ran the moment through his mind over and over again. It had barely even been a kiss. Just a peck. It had all happened so fast but Dean was able to drag those seconds into a full movie inside his head. Why had he kissed him? It wasn’t as if Castiel had been in the worst situation of his life or anything. He had seen Castiel beaten, bruised and literally blown up into pieces in front of him. There was no good excuse for what he had done. And, even if it had been a life threatening situation, that wasn’t a reason to kiss him. He wished he had just kissed Castiel’s cheek, his forehead or just his hair. But now the feeling of Castiel’s lips were forever in his memory and Dean felt himself heating up at the thought.
“Can I?” Castiel asked, removing his fingers from himself and looking almost as if he was starving at Dean’s erection.
Jack didn’t know Castiel well enough to say if he was acting differently upon his return to the living. In many ways Castiel was much easier to understand than Sam and Dean, probably because he was an angel. But when Dean was around him, Castiel was harder to read. Sometimes Castiel seemed annoyed with how reckless Dean was but he always followed alongside Dean no matter what. It was a contradiction that Jack couldn’t understand.
Dean didn’t say anything more and left the room. Castiel took a seat at the kitchen table across from Jack and began to look at his phone.
However it wasn’t all adrenaline that was sending Dean’s blood pounding. He was having difficulty locking onto his targets as they threatened to pounce and snarled at Cas for blocking their prey. It was impossible to ensure that Dean wouldn’t shoot Cas instead of the dogs. Castiel turned his gaze from the hounds to Dean with a look that seemed to say, “What are you waiting for!”
After a few more strokes, Castiel lifted his ass off Dean’s lap and his body twisted a little. Castiel’s hand snaked behind his own back and that’s when Dean realised Cas was trying to work himself open. “Jesus, Cas.”
He watched as Castiel would hover about Dean, standing just a tiny bit closer than he did with everyone else and Dean would wink and grin at the angel in turn. Jack knew that this relationship was different than ones he had seen before. But he wasn’t sure how. It wasn’t like the sibling relationship between Sam and Dean though it was similar in some ways. The brothers would bicker and fight but they always found their way back to each other no matter the circumstances. They were bound to each other because they were all they had.
The car was crackling with animosity on the short drive. Neither of them even tried to look at each other, let alone say anything. The windshield wipers were moving frantically to keep up with the now torrential downpour and it was a welcome distraction. Cas was focused on driving and Dean was busy looking out the window.
“Dean?” Castiel’s voice cut through and Dean wished it didn’t fill him with warmth. “Is something wrong?”
The hallway was still and silent as Jack stood in front of Dean’s room for a moment longer as he tried to comprehend what had just happened. Inside he could hear Dean fuming while Castiel tried to calm him down. Jack felt embarrassed more than anything at his mistake and berated himself for acting so impulsively. He picked up the popcorn and soda he had put down earlier and walked towards his room, feeling childish.
Cas walked into the room at that moment, looking like a poster boy for a Walk of Shame. His hair was messy from falling asleep on it after it had only half dried and he wore the black shirt he had gotten earlier along with the sweatpants Dean had given him. The shirt collar hung low enough to reveal the red marks all along his neck.
After a moment of hesitation, Dean grumbled and then passed Sam and Castiel, heading towards the laundry room. He could hear Cas following behind at a safe distance as they walked through the maze of hallways. Dean entered the laundry room and grabbed a towel, handing it to Cas. There was a murmur from Cas, maybe a thank you but Dean couldn’t be sure. Dean took a towel for himself and rubbed it against his hair. He bent down to reach into the dryer and found one of his black shirts which he tossed in Cas’s direction.
Dean woke up a couple of hours later, his stomach practically clawing at itself in hunger. The usual post nap thoughts paraded through his sleep-addled mind. Where am I? What time is it? Did I actually sleep with my best friend? It all came flooding back to him though as he took in Castiel splayed out beside him, butt clearly on display. Dean took in the image fondly and debated whether to wake Castiel up by either kissing his ear or smacking his ass. Castiel stirred beside him though and Dean tried to pretend he hadn’t just been staring at his nude body.
Castiel surged forward and smashed his lips against Dean’s in a bruising kiss. Their teeth knocked together and Castiel fisted one hand in Dean’s hair and another in his shirt. Dean was momentarily shocked as he had never even imagined Castiel initiating a kiss as an outcome to their shitty afternoon. However he quickly recovered from the surprise, pushing Cas back just enough that he could reach behind and shut the door to his bedroom. The sound of their breathing becoming more and more laboured was amplified in the tiny room and Dean wanted to hear all of it.
“Of course we were gonna bring you back,” Dean said, his tone surprised. “I mean, we defeated God. Did you think we were really gonna just let some black slime win?”
Another silence hung in the air and the room felt charged with tension. And once more Castiel spoke first.
Dean paused his movement, allowing Cas to breathe through his orgasm. He kissed his hairline and rubbed his back as Castiel swayed. Cas shook his head as if to clear it and then began to move again. Dean quickly said, “Cas, you don’t have to.”
Dean hated the pitying look Sam was giving. “I guess I did,” Dean said, finishing the shot of whiskey and pouring another because he loved making decisions he would regret. “And, what, does everyone know?” He asked, gesturing with the bottle in one hand and spilling a little on the floor.
The sky had clouded over while they had been in the store and the first drops of rain were just beginning to fall. Dean pulled himself in through the window and hit the button on the door to shut it before the rain could truly start. The drive was just as it had been before on their way into town but the feeling that came with it was cold and depressing this time. The jack russell terrier from earlier was no longer outside, the grazing cows were taking shelter in their barn and the billboard for fireworks was covered by trees from this side of the road. Dean sighed and stared at his hands in his lap.
“I mean,” Dean said. “You’re an angel of the friggin’ Lord, man. And I’m just... I never thought we could.” He let it trail off. “I just wish you had told me.”
“Dean is...,” Castiel thought about it. “He has a hard time expressing himself and it sometimes comes off... badly”
The coffee maker whirred to life and began to drip slowly into the pot placed below it. Jack may have been wrong but he thought Castiel’s ears seemed a little pink at the mention of the night before. “It’s alright, Jack,” Castiel said.
“About what I said before I left...” Castiel began and Dean had never seen Castiel look so unsure, so calculating about his next words. “I...”
“C‘mon, Cas!” Dean shouted. Castiel looked as if he was going to scream right back at him but instead clenched his fists before sitting back in his seat and turning the car back on.
Castiel looked confused, tilting his head to the side. “I had to, Dean. To defeat Billy. To save you and Sam and Jack. I had to.”
Castiel stayed still as Dean walked purposefully across the room and stopped to stand only an inch or so away from him. He moved closer to hold Castiel’s cheeks in the palm of his hands, before tilting his head to kiss those lips he had dreamt of for years. Castiel was frozen in shock before quickly reciprocating, his arms coming up to land on Dean’s waist.
Castiel’s eyes were wide and he opened his mouth as if to say something but then closed it again. They both stood completely still just staring, as if willing the other to speak.
“Okay then,” the woman said as she scanned the items through. And then, with a wink, said, “Enjoy, you two.”
Dean felt his voice shake and it broke as he said, “Did you give a thought about my happiness, Cas?”
Jack nodded in understanding. He had already known that that would most likely be the answer but he couldn’t help but hope for an opportunity to bond with Dean.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, pouring out some of the coffee and handing a mug to him. Dean yawned and took the drink, leaning in and giving Castiel a kiss on the cheek. It was the first real public display of affection Jack had ever seen from Dean. Before this he had only seen what he now knew were stolen moments between him and Castiel but this was the first indisputable act of romantic affection. Jack noticed he was staring and turned to look away quickly.
Dean actually laughed at the word, ‘selfless.’ He pushed his tongue against the inside of his cheek and looked away to stop himself from shouting at the clueless angel. “And all that stuff about how you knew your happiness was something you could never have..?” He took a steadying breath before he spoke again. “How could you even know what you couldn’t have if you never told me?”
Dean froze and took a full step back. It was just a moment. A press of his lips against Castiel’s dry mouth and the scrape of Castiel’s permanent morning shadow against his cheek. Dean felt a blush creep up the back of his neck as the realization of what he had done fully settled in.
When we get to Hurleyville, I make my way to the electronics store and park outside. Jimmy finally looks a bit curious. Smiling over at him, I said, “C’mon.”
Finally, Sam comes out onto the porch doing an ok version of a smile, “Ok, we are all good, No bears anywhere.”
Cas looked like he had been hit with a bolt of lightning. The woman blushed and continued up to the counter.
Cas and I had just left Siobhan and we just stood on the porch breathing hard. Then we looked over at each other and started laughing. It was a release of emotions, of happiness, of relief, of wonder. I then grabbed him in a bear hug and held on for dear life.
Once the screams wake Michael up, he never makes another sound, not even when the tears stream down his face. That in itself is unnerving, but its Cas’s face that haunts me when I lean my head back and close my eyes.
Jack smiles, “This is a replica of the Garden, where I got my soul back. I find it a peaceful place to be and think things out or remember important events in my life. Lately, I’ve been spending time here, trying to work out our latest challenge”.
“I know I shouldn’t have done it Cas, but I couldn’t help myself. My feelings for here came out of nowhere.”
Huffing a laugh, I return the embrace, “Me too, Sammy” and that's how Cas finds us before we climb the stairs together.
Smiling down at Jimmy I said, “Bet your glad you asked now. But to answer your question, no Cas and I aren’t married, we’re friends, best friends, we’re not even together in that way”
Two minutes later the light went on in the first-floor window and Siobhan appeared at the window briefly to close the curtains.
On a broken sob, Jody stands, and Dean barely makes it to his feet before she throws herself at him. Dean holds her tight as she sobs into his shoulder. Dean closes his eyes tightly, feeling so loved by this woman, by both of them. He hopes they know that the feeling is mutual even if he is emotionally constipated and can’t say it aloud.
“I’ve given him the anxiety medicine. He’s out like a light already. He shouldn’t wake up but if he does you can give him another dose in six hours, ok” Sarah said.
I find Cas in the waiting room, talking with Jackie and Sarah, who stands when she sees me. “Dean, I just heard the news. I’m so happy for Jimmy”
Checking to see that the boys are all within my eye line, I edge over to Jimmy and Cas, “Hey Jimmy, having trouble picking something out.”
He couldn’t breathe, he had to get out, away from Siobhan before he did something stupid and rash like going back and finishing what they started.
Cas looks at me with soft eyes and I blush when I realise how that sounds. The last truth Cas spoke to me was that he was in love with me.
“Well its good you are both here. Naomi, we need help with the texts and also as the leader of both armies, we will need to brainstorm” I said
Climbing up onto the porch, Sam holds the door open and waves for Dean to go in, “My wife isn’t here, I’m afraid. She’s visiting friends for the afternoon. She‘ll be so pissed that she missed you.”
Could I have a relationship like this? How would we live, what would people think? And also, being intimate with each other, together….no, I won’t go there for a minute.
Grabbing Cas by the arm, I dragged him down to my room. Shoving him inside, I closed the door and turned to find Cas beaming at me, “Ha did you see their faces”
Down in the kitchen, I help Rose with breakfast and in true fashion she welcomes Michael to breakfast as if he’s always joined us. Watching him eat his cereal and a slice of toast, it feels to me like he’s climbed Everest, instead of eating breakfast and hanging out with the boys.
What was happening? Why now were my feelings changing so fast? What was so different with Cas and I, that the floodgates were blasting open.
Sonny grasps Cas’s outstretched hand in his, “Cas, welcome, any friend of D-Dawg is a friend of mine”.
Cas sits down beside him and wrapping his arm around him he tells him, “We want you here as long as you can, Joseph. We care about you all deeply, we want you to know that but sometimes circumstances are out of our control. But I can promise you this, all of you boys, we will fight for what you want, ok?”
I looked at my brother, the boy I had raised to become the man before me and I was so proud of what he wanted to do next, but I knew there and then, I was on a different path.
The silence in the house is complete save for the tick-tock of the grandfather clock in the foyer. Sam finally rallies himself before spinning around, Dean hot on his heels.
I nod my head while listening to her before it penetrates my brain, “Hold on, her name is Jackie. Rose and Jack”
The older of the boys sniggered at me and said loud and brashly “Is he your husband because you sure as hell don’t look like brothers”.
While Cas does that, I turn back to Jimmy. Jimmy’s face is a mess. It’s heart-breaking to see. Both eyes are black and one swollen shut. His lip is cut, and his jaws are puffed and swollen as well. His crying fit didn’t help the matter.
Jack looked so relieved. Siobhan then turned to Sam and said “Thanks for sicing the Queen of Hell on me” she mocked glared at him
But it's Cas that steals the t-shirt contest, the sap. Holding up a deep blue t-shirt he turns it to me so I can see the writing, “Sorry boys and girls, I’m taken”
I don’t how long we stay like that before I finally let him go. Cas sits back on his heels but keeps hold of my hands.
And Cas smiled at me. A smile not unlike the smile he gave me that awful day in the dungeon of the bunker when he told me he loved me, and then the Empty took him away from me.
We sat side by side for a few minutes passing the bottle between us. No words were needed. Comfort was given without displays.
Siobhan stands at the counter in the café trying to get her breathing under control. “What the holy crap was that” she was asking herself. That man had the bluest eyes and the kindest face she ever did see.
Huffing a laugh, I told him about my epiphany when I realised how I felt about Cas and that Jimmy thought I had seen a ghost. Shaking my head, I said, “I was so shocked, but I still didn’t do anything about it.”
Dean’s moan has Castiel moving closer again, and before Dean can react, Cas lowers his head and licks over the nipple.
We had no women in the bunker to help her bathe, but Siobhan didn’t seem to be bothered. Dean and I held each arm and helped her into the bath and averted our eyes when the sheet fell.
She had no idea of our history. Didn’t know about the apocalypses, or the 40 years I spent in hell, that Cas recused me, or the fact Cas used to be an angel.
Cas turns back to me and just for a moment I see disappointment in his eyes before he turns back to Sam and Eileen.
“Actually, it was Bobby who used to say that. I just robbed it” he laughed but he also let me go and then Cas did.
The evening is a hit. Jackie admires the flowers I got for Cas. She’s full of praise for her wife’s cooking, and Cas and I heartily agree. She also regales us with funny stories from the ER and confirms, much to my disappointment, that she hasn’t chartered a boat to re-enact Titanic.
Six years ago, when Sam and I were here to deal with a ghost, we had warded the place against it happening again but since then we had come across bigger and badder things and I wanted to shore the place up some more. I turned back to Sonny and asked, “You still ok with me putting up extra wards”.
Siobhan smiled at me. We climbed into bed and I wrapped my arms around her. We were asleep within minutes.
I worked and went home to that apartment in New York and that was my routine for seven months until Heaven and four handsome men blew my world apart.
Cas kisses me full on the lips before saying, “So did I, Dean. I forgave you everything because beyond the fights and the misunderstandings, you are the righteous man, you are my best friend, and you are the love of my life. So, believe me, that is our past. I am so much more interested in our present and in our future”.
Soon both ladies go back to work, and Cas and I are left in the room holding hands and smiling at each other.
I managed to win the argument that Jimmy had to eat something first. That was only part of the reason, though. I needed a break. I left Cas in the room under the pretext of getting us breakfast, but I needed to talk to Sam.
Dean was kneeling on the other side and he was looking at her in horror. He watched as I put my hand on her forehead and I started whispering “no, no” and the tears started flowing. He looked at me with such pain in his eyes and I whispered “She’s gone, Dean. She’s gone”
Helen and Travis arrive for their 3pm appointments and we chat for a few minutes before they turn their attention to the boys.
Soon the talk turns to the boys with Sam declaring he’ll have to check Eileen’s bag for Joseph when they leave because Eileen might try to smuggle him home. We all laugh when Eileen said “He’s not wrong. He’s adorable”.
I lean against the counter, “Yeah we went to Robins. Boys seem to enjoy it. Hey Rose, do you know Deputy Myers?”
As I watched, Dean looked over at Cas, then he laughed and grabbed Cas and kissed him thoroughly. Dwarfed between these two men I could only stare up and watch as they kissed and I thought to myself, “I will never get tired of looking at them doing that” and all the worries in the back of my head of how this would work, simply dissolved.
“Siobhan came across it in some research. In the few instances that she found it, it was always alongside the words Final Prophet and Nephilim. That’s Siobhan and me isn’t it?” Jack asked
“So, the girls were hoping to come up later to see you” I heard Jody say as Jack and I entered the cabin.
Each of us looking wiped out. Dean sitting across from me had everything I was feeling, running across his face.
When we get to the part of the story where Cas sacrificed himself for me, and the Empty takes him, my hands start to tremble. Cas reaches out and takes my hand.
I had just reached the foyer when I heard a car pulling into the yard. Thinking it might be Helen, I unlock the front door and step out onto the porch. The black sedan was not a vehicle I’m familiar with, but the tall man with the long hair was welcoming and recognisable, as was the petite woman who emerges from the passenger seat.
Nicholas whose dark skin can take a bit of sun, giggles when he looks at Keith. “You look like Rudolf”
Leaning forward to grab his face, I pull him towards me, "After everything we have gone through to get here, Cas, I'm sorry but I'm not letting you go. If we ever break up it's because you decide to, not me”.
Cas had done more than reveal his feelings to me that last day, he had told me how he saw me, and how others saw me.
Miracle follows us sniffing out every corner of the place. Sonny tells us that there are usually no more than six boys at any given time but in an emergency, he can take up to four more but that rarely happens. He has only one staff. A woman named Rose handles the cooking and the cleaning.
Leaving the shop with my purchases, I have a longing to see Cas even though I’m barely an hour out of his company. Man, I have it bad, and I don’t care.
Shoes off, I lay him down on the bed pulling the covers over him. Cas’s eyes are closed, and I thought he had already fallen asleep, when his eyes open again and he reaches out to me saying, “I’m really home Dean, right?
Cas leans over, his breath warm at my ear and whispers, “You, me and Sam are a way better trio than Harry, Ron and Hermione”, and right then, I couldn’t agree more.
At Jimmy and Michael’s room, I opened the door as quietly as I could, but all I saw were three sleeping forms.
I squeeze Sonny’s hand, “I do Sonny, and I’m glad I can do this for you. Glad we can, Cas and I” I amended
Watching Sam and Eileen grinning at each other made my heart swell. Sam turns back to us again, “So, we are going to clean ourselves up and then get on the road. We are hoping to be with you Friday afternoon. Still ok to stay with you?”
Cas’s eyes meet mine as I watch him suck my cock right back to the top before he swirls his tongue around the rim.
The next day goes much like yesterday. Cas is already up and gone when I wake. We follow the same routine, housework, homework, gardening and me in the office going through the files, looking at Sonny’s notes on previous boys that have come through his doors. Any information or insights on how to help the boys we have now, is a bonus but it's hard reading at times.
“Ok as you would say Dean. It’s time to roll credits on this chick flick” trying to make light of it
Cas grinned at me over a bag of fertiliser and said “We got a good haul. The lady at the gardening store was very helpful”.
Cas stops and turns slowly. Sam and Eileen are looking at me wide eyed before Sam mumbles, “We’ll leave you to it”
Jack was standing at the open front door when I got off the phone with Rowena. He was staring out into the woods, when I noticed him stiffen.
But its Cas reaction that provokes me the worst. Grasping Alt Dean by the shoulder he addresses both him and his brother, “No harm done. Dean and I are best friends, not lovers. I have cooked you some dinner, are you hungry?”
I eventually leave not able to take any more. It’s not that I begrudge Cas the attention. Like Cas put himself out there and I ignored it. I’m still ignoring it. So why wouldn’t he move on.
“Then may I make a suggestion. You and Cas will be living together for the next six months, working side by side. No monsters, no apocalypses. Take that time to see how you really feel and if you can’t return his feelings then, you’ll know what to do, and if you do return his feelings well then, I’m sure you know what to do there as well “Sammy said with a smirk on his face.
Wiping my hands, I stand and take my phone out of my pocket. Pulling up the text thread with Sam, I type out a quick message, “Hello Sam. Jimmy went home today. I think Dean could do with hearing your voice later.”
As I turn to introduce Cas, my counterpart beats me to it, holding out his hand for a handshake he says, “You must be Cas. It’s very nice to meet you”
Cas smile was all the reward I needed. He leaned forward and rested his forehead against mine and it was like this, with our hands joined that Sarah found us.
Jimmy turns and sprints out towards the exit. Turning to Cas in bewilderment, I ask him, “What happened, Cas?”
“Look, they just want to hear the words coming directly from me and Jack, that’s all. We’ll be an hour, tops” I replied
I looked at Sam and Eileen in horror, feeling even worse than when I had to ask him to leave the bunker, years before.
Six years ago, when Sam and I were here to deal with a ghost, we had warded the place against it happening again but since then we had come across bigger and badder things and I wanted to shore the place up some more. I turn back to Sonny and ask, “You still ok with me putting up extra wards”.
Sam’s protests of “Ah c’mon guys, none of that, please” with Eileen whispering, “So adorable” fill my ears, but I can’t seem to care.
Castiel squints at Dean before his eyes soften. Dean is all of a sudden very aware of Castiel’s lips against the palm of his hand; clearing his throat, he says, “I have beer and pie back at my place, you know the place that you built. What do you say?”
I showered and washed my hair in record time. I then dried my hair and for once it cooperated, falling in waves down my back.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When she answers, it sounds like I’m interrupting a night out, but I can only manage a twinge of guilt before telling her why I’m ringing.
The expression on his face is what Sam and I call his smite face. The face that means bodies are about to drop.
Donna suddenly stops, as Castiel gazes at her with a soft smile on his face as she glares at Jody, “You’re supposed to stop me when I go on like that…….Oh Hello”
The four of us had a lively debate discussing the merits of whether pizza, Chinese, burgers, or Thai would be the choice.
Someone was screaming, it was so loud it hurt her ears, where was it coming from? She tried to cover her ears, but her hands wouldn’t move.
Castiel then said “Was anything else said” to which I replied “No” as what I had really seen in the vision was for nobody else to know except me and Castiel and Hell, now Jack.
“No Cas” I said “Please let me finish. I know that you are both it for me. For the rest of my life, I want both of you and no one else. And I know that it won’t be legal in any state, but I don’t care, I want to marry you both”
A Hellhound is tracking someone in these woods. Sam has no weapons, but he cannot leave someone defenceless, timeline or no timeline. He cannot hear any screams or other noises, so the Hellhound isn’t attacking yet. There might still be time. Jogging silently to where he heard the growl, he peers around a copse of trees, but nothing could prepare him to see Eileen writhing on the ground, her mouth screaming silently as jagged slices open up her skin as she is torn apart.
Rowena smiles then, bowing her head towards me, before turning serious again, “If what you say is true, it’s no wonder his abilities are stunted. I’m surprised he didn’t lash out when he was assaulted, but it shows how comfortable he’s getting with you both, that he’s now sensing things. His abilities will only get stronger. He will need training and guidance, boys. I could help”
I heard them coming back and I called out that I would be another few minutes, with Dean calling back “Take your time”.
Naomi stepped out of the sandbox and stood in front of us. “I thought you were coming alone” she said.
My face is pressed down into the mattress and Cas is pounding hard into me and he’s still hitting that sweet spot that has me still leaking from my cock. My orgasm feels like its lasting forever.
For the next couple of hours, I enjoy the rides along with everyone else, but my favourite part was just stepping back and watching as Cas and Sam hip check each other as they try their luck at ring toss.
Friday morning, I woke leisurely, taking the time to yawn, when I noticed the sun peering through the curtains. I sat up quickly. I saw from my phone it was 6.48am.
I had one arm back around Dean and the other on Cas’s chest. Dean’s hands were on my body, gently caressing me, while Cas had one hand in my hair and one hand in Dean’s hair.
I look at him “It feels good to help doesn’t it. It feels good to help someone even if your life is going to crap. It helps you, to help someone else”.
Because the bunker was warded against Angels except me and Cas, I climbed the stairs and opened the door. Outside I prayed to Naomi.
As he looks at her, something shocking occurs to him, but he files it away to discuss with Sam later.
Like it’s not that I didn’t know how Castiel felt about me but to say it so bluntly, well Hell it hurt. I couldn’t stop the tears that fell. I tried to turn away but Castiel turned first and saw me crying.
Rose speaks up then, “As I told Dean last time, the Sheriff isn’t an idiot. He knows what his son is like. I think the only reason he keeps him on is because of his wife; she adores him. But then only a mother could.
“I have grown to love you, Jimmy, like a son, so believe me when I tell you, I wish this had turned out differently. I know I can’t make it up to you, but I’m still going to try,” and with that, I stood and kissed his forehead gently, and Jimmy let me.
Breathing a deep happy sigh, Jackie smiles over at me, “Cas, Dean, today was lovely; I really enjoyed myself.”
Castiel just nodded. “So” I said “you’re an Angel. An actual cloud hopping, trumpet blasting actual Angel????”
Jack is standing beside Eileen, who's crying. She's looking at Sam who's standing with his back to me, looking like he's hunched over someone. It takes another second to realise there are arms around Sam’s back. Two arms clad in tan sleeves.
When the twanging of guitar strings and the butchering of Sweet Home Alabama (Gary Rossington has nothing to worry about), not to mention the piles of depressing files I've gone through, get to be too much for me, I leave the office and make my way back out to the garden.
I'm still feeling unsteady from the evening events but this time I go straight to Jack and envelope him in a bear hug.
Cas nodded and drank some of his beer. We sat in silence for a while, drinking our beers, listening to the constant drone of insects.
How I didn’t dissolve into a puddle of goo at his words, I don’t know, all I know is I can’t help the smile on my face and Cas’s answering smile is beautiful before we start laughing like idjits.
Rowena arches an eyebrow at that, “That’s why I sent you bodyguards. So you can be less tense. Now, I got Samuels message. What is so important? I promise you the bodyguard detail I sent you won’t harm you. You have my word.”
Miracle followed us sniffing out every corner of the place. Sonny told us that there were usually no more than six boys at any given time but in an emergency, he could take up to four more but that rarely happens. He had only one staff. A woman named Rose who handled the cooking and the cleaning.
After that, I call Sam, who’s absolutely thrilled for Jimmy. “He’s giving his statement now, so I will give you the pleasure of telling Michael to expect a call from Jimmy”
“In my research to find anything to help Jack I came across something unexpected. Apparently, in a few rare instances that I’m mentioned in different references, I’m called by another word “Aquaductus” But it appears between the words Final Prophet and Nephilim.
She's just as pretty as I remember. Her brown hair is tied in a ponytail. She's wearing a white peasant blouse with blue jeans and white sandals. Robin is the same age as me, but she doesn’t look it. She looks young and fresh and it's great to see her again.
Saying he’ll leave the kitchen to last; we head upstairs where Sonny shows us the boys’ rooms, three rooms with three beds in each. Jimmy the eldest boy has a room to himself while the three younger boys are bunking together. There is also one bathroom on the floor for the boys to use.
I saw Cas close his eyes briefly while Sam squinted at Dean from behind the book. I could see Jack looking at both of us looking confused.
I nodded at Cas and then I headed to our room. At the door, I turned and caught Rowena’s eye, “Don’t leave without saying goodbye”
“Dean, fear can drive some people to do things they never thought they’d do”, Helen argues but continues, “Now I don’t want to believe it either. I cared about Jimmy. He’s a good boy”
Donna grins at that, “Now that is the best news. Twenty four years, we’ve been waiting. Sam too. Well, our Sam, well you know what I mean.”
“Brilliant and well done, Jimmy. I think you sign better than me” Sam replies, “And it’s a pleasure to meet you too. Dean never shuts up about you. And I'm really glad you're enjoying the books. I love them myself”
Or the fights we used to have, the things that were said in anger, in fear, in hurt, didn’t know that Cas died for me after telling me he loved me. And I couldn’t tell her, any of it, but maybe I could tell her a version of it.
Cas asked Jody if he could tell Claire himself, and she agreed. We were sitting on the porch swing, drinking a beer, when Cas finally works up the courage to call her.
Another thing that happened was we finally got to meet the famous Jackie and have a double date. We set it for the Thursday night after Sam left. The boys had their dinner a bit earlier than usual before taking off out the back door to enjoy the warm evening. Taking this seriously for the date it was, and it was me and Cas’s first official date, I made a quick run into town.
When I glance at Dean, the picture tells its own story. Dean is pale, sweating, and his fists are tight. He’s barely keeping it together.
Then came the voice in her ear that thrived on her pain, the taunts, the cruelty…………….Please stop …………
“To cut to the chase, we’re together, the three of us………together. In a relationship…………..together” I finished squinting at the two of them.
We send out word to all known hunters that the bunker is open for business and have already gotten positive responses back. The only thing we will need is for a rotation of people to answer phones for the “FBI” calls that would come in, but Sam is sorting it out like a pro. Looking at him, it's like this is what he was born to do. I'm so bloody proud of him.
As I shuffle towards the kitchen, I pass through the map room, to see Cas and Alt Dean climbing the stairs together.
It was clear that Dean was so horrified by Cas’s feelings for him that he never told a soul and wouldn’t even talk about him. Cas, who he called his best friend, his brother, his family.
Cas scoops Michael up in his arms before sitting down on the bed, leaning against the headboard, with Michael sitting on his lap, his arms clinging tightly.
“No” said Jack “I was going to hand you over to Naomi to spend your last days in prison but I think the best thing for you is to experience what it is to be human, how precious it is, how fragile
Days passed on like this. Dean holed himself up in his room for as long as he could for most of the time and Sam would check in on him now and again before being driven off by a seething look.
Castiel groaned as Dean deepened the kiss, pressing his tongue past Castiel’s lips. Castiel’s unshaven chin rubbed against his own as they pressed their bodies closer together.
Dean took a slow drink from his shot and considered what Sam meant. Yeah, he really liked Cas and cared for him, sure. And when Cas was hurt or lost or sad Dean felt those pains as if they were his own. And since he had given Cas that one kiss he had played it over and over in his mind. Remembering Castiel’s dry, pliant mouth and the feel of his scruff on his lips. And—
“Dean, I...” and Dean knew Castiel was technically issuing a warning but Dean took it as a sign to continue what he was doing. He jerked his hips in rhythm with Castiel and moved his hand over Castiel’s cock. It didn’t take long until Castiel began to lose his pace, hips moving wildly, his only goal to reach his climax. With a strangled breath, his whole body stilled as he came, cum shooting onto Dean’s chest.
He pushed the thought away though and went back to his room to grab his clothes. He came back shortly wearing his usual (dark jeans, black t-shirt and flannel shirt thrown over top). “Alright,” he said “Lemme just pull Baby up front.”
Jack felt somehow calmed by Castiel’s answer and glanced at Dean who definitely did not look like the interruption was “okay”. He was swiping at his phone screen as if the device had offended him and his mouth was pressed into a thin line. It was perhaps the most annoyed Jack had ever seen Dean since Castiel’s return. Castiel seemed to notice Jack’s attention was lingering and said, “We’ll let you know if we find anything.”
“Am I wrong?” Jack asked. “It’s just, I went into Dean’s room earlier and Castiel was there and they were--”
It would need further investigation and it didn’t take long before an opportunity arrived to do just that.
Similarly, the Winchesters were all Castiel had. He had been shunned by Heaven, his family, and had created a new one. Thinking this way made it easier for Jack to understand the relationship between all of them. Sam and Dean were brothers. Sam and Castiel were friends. And Dean and Castiel were... something.
Castiel pulled his shirt up and over his head before pulling at Dean’s shirt in turn. Dean took it off quickly and pushed against Castiel’s shoulders until he slammed the angel into the door behind him. He bit along the side of Castiel’s neck, enjoying how Castiel moaned at every scratch of teeth, before sucking at his clavicle. He did this until the wound bloomed red and Dean knew it would leave a mark. Castiel’s breathing was harsh and he groaned, “Dean...”
The world had not been an easy place for Jack to understand so far. It wasn’t so much things like technology or the concept of money or anything like that. No, human society itself was fairly understandable if a little odd. What caused him the most grief was people. Humans weren’t predictable and they didn’t have an instruction manual that explained why they acted like they did. Each person was different from the next and it was hard for Jack to figure out why each individual was the way they were.
With that, he turned his music up to a deafening roar to shut Sam up as well as all the thoughts in his head.
Dean gave a loud whistle and shouted, “Hey, you damn mutts!” The hounds’ attention didn’t sway for even a moment and they began to paw at the ground in anticipation. Dean swore under his breath and tried to will himself to pull the trigger.
In the car, Jack sensed that perhaps Dean was still annoyed with him. They had left the motel the morning after the fight with the witches but there had been no other confrontations. Dean and Sam had fallen asleep upon their return while Castiel talked with Jack about his mom. The past night had left Jack feeling emotionally drained and he had taken a short nap on the couch before they set out on the road.
The shot glasses were filled to the brim by Sam as Dean filled his mouth with burger. “Cheers,” Sam said as he clinked his glass against Dean’s and then threw it back. He grimaced at the flavour and drank from his beer to wash away the taste. Dean chuckled and drank his shot in one fluid motion, slamming the glass on the table.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean said with a self-satisfied grin. He took a seat in one of the wooden chairs and put his feet up on the table. Sam frowned at Dean’s muddy shoes but just sighed, taking his air pods out.
“Did you find something?” Jack asked, his voice seemed incredibly loud even though he had spoken at what he considered was a regular volume. Both Castiel and Dean jumped apart, Castiel closing his legs and Dean put his hands in his lap. “Oh, uh, sorry?” Jack apologized, confused by their response.
Dean gripped the edge of the counter, taking a deep breath to steady himself. They were all back. Everyone who had disappeared, all the people Sam and Dean had saved from Apocalypse World and those they had brought back from the dead previously. They had all returned.
Dean accepted the challenge and drank it down easily. And, yeah, he was starting to feel it now. Not that he would let Sam know.
The next case they investigated appeared to be a poltergeist haunting a young couple in their new home only for it to be a teen phrogging for YouTube views.
As if summoned to the kitchen by the smell of coffee, Dean shuffled into the room, interrupting whatever Jack was about to say. Dean’s eyes were barely opened and his hair was sticking up every which way, which was impressive because his hair was pretty short. He wore a worn out looking t-shirt, boxers and a threadbare housecoat. “Hey,” Dean grumbled.
Dean opened his mouth to refuse, knowing that dinner came with a price, but was interrupted by his stomach growling. “Fine,” Dean conceded and began moving his books and papers into a pile. Sam looked as if he was itching to rearrange the papers immediately and Dean was pretty sure Sam had a mini heart attack as Dean dogeared the page he was on. Sam exhaled with frustration but let it go, placing the food on the giant table.
After narrowly avoiding choking, Sam swallowed what he had in his mouth and then began coughing. Jack didn’t understand Sam’s reaction at what he had just said. Was he wrong? Was he really so off the mark that Sam had been shocked at the idea of it? Sam recovered from his coughing fit, wiping his chin with the back of his hand and then asked, “Where did you even hear about sex?”
The angel’s presence had certainly changed the dynamic amongst everyone since he had returned. Sam was relieved to have another person to help teach and take care of Jack; Jack was glad to have a person who understood the angel side of himself and Dean was just happy, plain and simple. Everything seemed a little less heavy in the bunker, like there had been an invisible dark cloud hanging over all of them, threatening to storm and rage at any moment and now it had somehow magically disappeared.
Tree branches whipped harshly against Dean’s arms and face as he ran through the darkness of the forest. The growl of hellhounds echoed in his ears as he desperately spun in circles trying to find the source. The trees were too dense to see anything and one of the lenses of his hellhound-seeing glasses had broken and fallen out, leaving his left side vulnerable. His eyes scanned for the foggy forms of the hounds but to no avail.
It sounded like the violence inside the room was escalating and Jack panicked, juggling his treats in his arms as he tried to open the door. It was locked and Jack’s concern only grew. “Dean!” he shouted, rattling the door knob but to no avail. Practically throwing the popcorn and soda onto the ground, Jack raised his hand towards the door and his eyes blazed with light as he blew the door open, knocking it off its hinges.
Sam opened his mouth to do just that but Dean shot him a withering look. “Not now, Sam,” Dean growled. Once more Sam tried to speak but Dean shushed him childishly. With that Sam put his hands up in surrender and sat down at the kitchen table.
Now seeing Castiel, an angel that had existed for thousands of years willing to give up everything for a human, it made no sense and yet looking at him, Jack started to understand.
The voice cut through the forest and Dean turned towards it. “Cas!” he shouted back as he nearly tripped in his haste.
The insistent push of Dean’s hard dick against the front of his pants had become impossible to ignore and it felt incredibly uncomfortable trapped in the wet fabric. He undid the button on his fly easily enough but had to pull away to actually pull his pants down around his ankles. Castiel followed suit and took off his own pants. They each stood in their underwear and Dean could see that Castiel was just as hard in his boxers, his dick tenting the fabric.
Jack took a glance in the rearview to look at Sam but could only see Dean, a deep frown on his face. Jack decided to continue looking out the window as he spoke, “Yes, and
“God, Cas,” Dean couldn’t catch the tears quick enough anymore and they fell freely from his eyes. “I was... I had always thought about that moment if you ever said something. But not like that. It was never supposed to end like that.”
Even though Dean had never shown the same feelings in such an open and vulnerable way before, Jack thought he had seen him maybe express the same sentiment differently. Jack thought about how Dean must have felt when Castiel had died. To have the person you love taken away from you without warning and then to have to burn the body. To have no trace of that person, like they had never existed. It must have been devastating.
Castiel had clearly noticed Dean had been eyeing him though and his angry expression hesitated for a moment. Dean’s black shirt hung loosely on Castiel’s smaller frame and Dean felt a lustful hunger take over him.
“Dean,” Cas said. The single word was a punch in the gut. Hearing Castiel say his name like old times was like the final trumpet of victory. After years of fighting again and again only for a new enemy to appear, stronger and smarter than the last. Finally it was over.
Castiel shrugged in a noncommittal way.  He was still chewing, or he would have said he was ‘fine.’ He was not fine.  He was frying inside of this body without relief.
Dean screamed.  He sounded feral.  Dean pulled him to his feet and they took off after Jack.  They didn’t get far.  Sam tackled them, as gently as possible.
The warmth and love pulsed through him with strength.   It was so cleansing.  The blackness and pain faded as the energy spread through him.    All he could see was gold.  He knew the child was good at that moment. They were good and pure.  Their human soul…  It took after Dean’s.  It was so bright and warm and new.  Castiel wanted them to live.  Castiel wanted Dean to know about them.  They were too beautiful to hide.
“What do you want me to say, Sam?” Dean asked as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, continuing to glare as he drank nearly half his beer in one go.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked and Dean looked over at him. They were sitting so close together like they had numerous times before that and yet the proximity was too much for Dean to bear this time.
Castiel’s eyes were clouded over as if looking back on the memory fondly. Jack had never seen this emotion before and it was overwhelming. There were of course movies he had seen where the characters were in love but seeing it in person was another thing entirely. Castiel was normally not very expressive unless he was confused or angry but it was clear that he was currently feeling a warmth that Jack could barely imagine.
He held Cas in position and moved his hips, rubbing his dick against the spot. Castiel whimpered, over stimulated. Dean moved slower, trying to look Castiel in the eye. He bumped Castiel’s nose with his own and Castiel opened his eyes. They were dark and a little watery and Dean was so enthralled seeing Castiel this way.
The only noise was that of Sam clearing his throat from behind Dean and then stepping around them to the person on the floor. Sam’s reassuring voice drifted through the air but Dean couldn’t look away from Castiel. Why had he done that? Why had it felt like such a natural thing to do at that moment? Dean managed to pull his gaze away and walked around Castiel to help Sam.
that the person had found a new coven. It all came to a head in a small suburban cul de sac where the witches from the old coven and the new one wiped each other out leaving the Winchesters to deal with the questions from the police. Hours later, they had been free to return to the bunker.
Castiel opened the bag of Tropical Skittles and offered them to Dean. Dean shook his head and leaned away, his whole upper body almost out the window.
“I thought I had made it clear before, Cas,” Dean said. “That I can’t live without you, much less be happy if you’re not there. So even though you may have ‘been at your happiest’, I sure as hell wasn’t. When you said....”
It was as if Dean had some sort of tracking device on him because no matter where he tried to escape to, Sam was always there. If Dean was working on the computer, looking through a book or simply making coffee, Sam would be there. The only relief from Sam’s big pleading eyes was when Dean would go to the bathroom or when he finally went to sleep at night.
Castiel stopped talking when he saw that there was a tear shining on Dean’s cheek.  Castiel kissed it away without thinking about it.  He took it into himself, relishing the feeling.  He climbed into Dean’s lap without a word and kissed him all over.  He kissed Dean’s cheekbones, his lips, the corners of his mouth, where the lines were beginning to show,  his hairline, the creases in his forehead, the crinkles  at the corners of his eyes, his eye lids, his-
Cas shook his head and faced the wall.  He mumbled something that Dean didn’t even think was english.
He truly did.  He would let no one hurt Jack.  Castiel gazed down between his legs at his child.  They were the most beautiful creature in creation.  Castiel loved them so much.
Castiel still couldn’t believe what it had felt like to meld with Dean’s soul.  He’d liked the sex too.  Being close to and touching Dean was always nice.  Being so full of nothing but Dean had been sinfully good.  Touching Dean’s soul was a different story.  All he’d wanted to do was…  rub it, protect it, caress it, press declarations into it over and over.  That is what he had done.  The shocking thing was that Dean’s soul had rubbed itself all over his grace with enthusiasm. Dean had plastered himself to Castiel’s bleeding grace as if he could staunch the bleeding just from the passionate declarations of his soul.  Perhaps that is what he had needed.  Perhaps the spiritual intertwining was the act of love that had been required to heal him, because he was now healed.  Castiel was blown away by the way Dean’s soul had shouted declarations of love for him.
Dean nodded and set his chin atop Cas’s shoulder.  He was getting too used to the comforts like this.
Jack didn’t even have to think.  Sam and Dean shrugged at each other.  Jack continued to copy Dean.  He swigged his beer, Jack swigged their beer.  Dean wiped his mouth, Jack wiped their mouth.
Dean let out an explosive sigh.  Castiel’s hands shook as he took the paper from Dean and read from it.  He did his best to pour himself into the words, to let Dean know he meant them.
Dean leaned in.  He wanted to make it extra nice for Cas.  Dean rested his nose at the base, scenting the stronger, more potent scent there.  Cas’s wiry pubic hairs tickled his cheek.  Dean’s tongue snaked out and tasted the shaft.  He could feel Cas watching him as he licked from shaft to tip and back down to the base.  Cas’s precum was better than pie.  Dean was addicted.  He wanted all of it.  Dean sucked the tip between his lips and slurped greedily.  Cas let out a surprised “oh!”  Dean smiled, with the cock still in his mouth.  He teased the hole with his tongue, pulling more precome from Cas, who wined.  Dean felt pride bloom in his chest.  He let his tongue circle Cas’s cockhead, getting to know it better.  He liked the shape of the head.  He was sure it was small enough to fit almost entirely in his throat without making him gag, but big enough to cut off some of his air supply.  Dean bobbed just a bit, knowing that Cas may just cum now.  Cas hadn’t had a blow job yet.  Judging from the look on his face, it was rocking his world.  Dean pulled off with a soft pop.  A string of saliva connected his lips with Cas’s cock.  Cas gazed down at him with something akin to wonder.
Cas finished.  He was now panting.  Dean ached for him, but he felt queasy.  What if the line had to be crossed?  A voice deep in his mind chimed in. The line was crossed when you stuck your hand up inside of him.  The line was crossed when you took that hand and jacked off into it.  Suck it up Winchester.  He’s hurting and you know what needs to be done. Dean bit back a mewling sound that threatened to bubble up from his throat.  He was incredibly uncomfortable with what he was about to do.  Hopefully Cas wouldn’t hate him after this.
Cas patted the space beside him on the bed.  Up until now, Dean had been kneeling behind him.  Cas seemed to need him closer.  After trying and failing to get the hand Cas was holding free, Dean sat down awkwardly beside Cas’s legs. He didn’t pull out.  He knew Cas needed to be full too.
Cas nodded right away, nibbling at Dean’s knuckles.  Dean was caught a little off guard by the tenderness with which Cas scent marked him.    It was enough to be sensual, yet his touch was feather light and achingly sweet.
My intent is to be bound to you.  I consent to this bondage. With this part of myself, I promise to never let harm come to you.  I will protect you as you protect me.  My life is yours, as your life is mine.  Let our love shine as a beacon from heaven.  We are one.”
There it was, out in the open.  He hoped that he wouldn’t have to repeat himself.  It was hard enough to say it once. Those ‘three little words’ as all the soppy, lovesick losers always said.  They weren’t little.  They were huge, scary, words.  Once he said them, it was like this giant weight had been lifted from his heart.  It was like something toxic had been removed to make room for nothing but his love for Cas and everything that it meant to be them.
Dean took hold of Castiel’s face with both of his hands, and pulled him down for another kiss.  This time it was clumsy and hot.  Dean nearly missed his mouth.  Castiel continued to pet Dean’s hair and allowed Dean to hold him while they explored each other’s mouths.  Dean tasted like Cas, which made him moan a little.
Dean gave up as Cas wound his arms around his shoulders and kissed his neck.  It wasn’t exactly like cuddling.  The scrape of Cas’s stubble was really nice against his skin.  Cas’s lips were chapped and cracked, but perfect.  His arms were powerful.  Dean knew their strength, yet they practically cradled him now, like he could break if Cas squeezed too tight.  Dean supposed Cas could really hurt him like this.  He could crack his ribs, break his spine, rupture organs, but his arms were gentle.  Dean dared to let the word ‘reverent’ enter his mind as Cas stroked his back.  Cas had good, soft hands.
Dean’s voice sounded deep in his own ears.  The rational part of his mind knew that he didn’t normally act like this, not even during his medicated ruts.  Something was wrong. The alarm bells were going off, but his animal instincts were louder.  They told him to mate Cas.  Mark him up.  Make it so good, that he won’t want to leave ever again.  Make him stay in Dean’s nest.  He took Cas by the hand and led him to Dean’s room.  Cas encouraged him with whispered praise.  He told Dean that he was doing a good job, that Dean shouldn’t worry, because Cas would take care of him.  Dean slammed the door with his foot and firmly planted his nose into Cas’s scent gland.
Cas pushed Dean away far enough so that he could get onto his elbows and knees.  Cas’s ass was in the air, dripping with slick.  Dean inhaled sharply and scrambled to position himself behind Cas. He sunk two fingers in at once, savoring the feel of Cas’s insides.  Cas’s back bowed luxuriously.  Dean rolled the condom on as he pumped his fingers in and out of Cas.  Cas didn’t need stretching.  His hole was pink and stretched open.  Dean just wanted to savor this while he could.  He was not actually sure that Cas would want him after his heat was over.  Dean eased in, allowing momentum to do the work for him, then he thrust in quickly.  He growled behind Cas’s ear, right up against one of his scent glands.  Cas pushed his hips back, as if this would somehow get more of Dean inside of him.  Dean had already bottomed out, but Cas’s body clearly needed more.
Dean grunted, pushing Cas’s legs open.  God he could see everything from this angle.  He could even smell Cas.  Cas had no business smelling this nice.  Dean squeezed a little lube into his hand.  Cas reached out for him and caressed his cheek.  The touch of his hand was very much like his the way his grace had brushed against Dean’s soul.  This was Cas.  Perhaps that is what gave Dean the courage to lean forward and take his cock in his hand.  Cas made a sound that he liked a lot.  It was surprised, breathy, and downright reverent. It lent him courage.  Cas liked being touched.  Cas was slowly hardening.  Dean tightened his grip and gave Cas’s cock a few strokes.
“I’m not clear on that, but for a month or so they have had a distinct grace and soul.  I wanted to be sure…”
“Cas…  Seriously, should we ward the place, just in case?  If you felt it, that means the other angels did too right?  I mean, just on the off chance.”
It didn’t take long for Castiel’s body to quiet.  He was comfortable, wrapped around Dean’s knot.  Dean’s scent was happy, and sleepy. Castiel couldn’t think of anything that smelled better.  He wrapped his arms around Dean and savored the warmth of his body, the tickle of his stubble, the fullness of his cock.
Cas rested his head against Dean’s thigh and scrubbed his balls with the washcloth.  He treated them with the same gentle kindness as he did with the rest of Dean’s body.
Cas sat next to Dean in a backwoods bar, looking for the Cupid.  Dean had had just enough beer to just watch and appreciate Castiel’s masculine jaw, his broad shoulders, his tuggable looking hair…  Dean would have liked the Cupid to come over and touch the two of them.  He would have liked that a lot.
“Jack means God is Gracious and it tends to be used as a nickname for people named John.  We could actually consider it a family name.  They could even change their preference to: Jay or Jackie or something later if they want.”
“I’m sure they will chime in if they like or dislike a name.  The three of us can figure it out together.”
Dean allowed Cas’s words and warm scent wash over him.  He was pretty drowsy.  It wouldn’t do to be too tired.  He wouldn’t be able to take care of Cas’s heat half asleep.  He grinned into Cas’s skin, remembering how little he had had to do the first two times they had knotted.  Maybe it would be fine if he were practically asleep, but he was a giver.  He wanted to lavish Cas with attention.  He fell asleep to the memory of Cas’s cock warm in his hand.
Castiel hummed.  He sighed as Dean rested a hand on his lower back. His skin was cool and soothing.  He felt the lubricant buble out.  Dean’s fingers teased around his opening, allowing it to loosen.
Dean felt a little sick at the thought.   He wanted to have sex with Cas, but didn’t want to touch him and dirty him.  He was bad news.  Cas might not even want him.
He grumbled.  Then he gingerly took Dean into his arms and flung him onto Dean’s memory foam mattress.  Dean whined, missing Cas’s scent and heat.  Cas was so mean.  He blinked up at Cas who had disrobed quickly.
Dean wished his knot would go down faster, so he could get away from Cas.  Cas had this thing that could just, meld with your mind.
Dean’t face heated up again and he hid it in the back of Cas’s neck.  His scent was dense there.  Dean gulped it in greedily.
That first time, when Dean had surprised him by pinning him down and snarling at him.  Castiel could have thrown him off if he had wanted to, but he sensed Dean’s pain.  Dean was clingy and wide eyed and tearful.  Dean snuggled in closer to Castiel that he normally would. Dean tended to pout and tell Castiel how he didn’t cuddle.  Castiel was happy to let Dean hold him as long as he needed.  Dean really seemed to need to touch him.  Even after his knot went down, he would press close and wind his arms around Cas, pulling him close.  Castiel was not sure that Dean knew what he was saying out loud.  Half way through the first day, Dean had gazed up at him with naked eyes and told him he loved him.  Frankly, it was more than Castiel could hope for.  Castiel had simply kissed him and they had napped together.  Once the rut wound down, Dean had declared that he needed to get different suppressants and a cheeseburger ASAP.
“I’ve always loved watching, but I wanted to do more than watch this time...  Wanted to know what you taste like...”
“Their parents were human omegas and Lucifer’s followers.  None of the angels bore them.  They were awful.  It occurs to me now that may be due to the fact that their births doomed their mothers to die.  They were left with a single fallen angel as a parent.  I don’t suppose they had a chance.  I believed that when they were drowned with the rest of humanity, the sacrifice was worth it.  I have often wondered now that I am free to do so, if they were merely doing what their alpha parent told them to do.  If they were sad that they had never met the human who had bore them.  Maybe they were confused because they were different.  I do not believe now, that any of them had a chance to be happy.  They were made to be used as tools by Lucifer and his followers.  Perhaps the flood was a mercy. I just remember their unhappiness.  I just hated them,
Cas’s eyes were soft and his scent was laced with contented omega, pleasure, and something Dean didn’t know.  It was familiar, but hard to identify.  He had smelled it on Cas before, when Cas was digging into food Dean had made for him, or when Dean woke up and Cas was sitting next to him.  He had smelled it on Cas when they went for a drive.  The connotations made him uneasy.  Dean pulled his hand away. He handed Cas another water.
Dean sighed heavily.  That was usually easier.  In his experience, omegas in heat came quickly once they knew what to do on their own.
Dean didn’t think Cas could get any diseases from him.  It was very difficult for male omegas to get pregnant.  Condoms were the final wall between himself and Cas.  Dean wanted that physical barrier up.  If he claimed Cas, knotted him, and came inside of him without protection, they would be mates for real.  The concept filled him with deep unease and a peasant warm comforting feeling all at once.  What if Cas regretted mating with him?  At the same time, he wanted this.  He wanted it so much that it hurt.
Cas pulled his undershirt up to his arms.  Oh yeah.  He was still wearing that.  Dean yanked it off, as per Cas’s instruction.  Cas then proceeded to lie face down with his ass up in the air. Dean growled and shoved him so that he was on his side. Cas scowled up at him until Dean arranged him how he wanted.  Dean wanted Cas on his back.  He wanted to see him.  He wanted to be able to scent him and kiss his mouth.  Cas took Dean’s Cock in his hand and guided it in.  Dean hid his face under Cas’s ear.  This was such a relief.  Cas wrapped his legs around Dean and stroked his back.  Dean wanted to take care of Cas, but the animal inside him wanted to fuck. Dean snarled and snapped his hips.  Cas made a nice sound, so he did it again.  Dean bit down, just to reassure himself that his mate was here.  His thrusts were long and hard, but not fast.  Dean let his hands hold onto Cas’s hips, caress his belly, whatever they wanted.  He moaned.  Dean didn’t want to cum yet, but Cas felt and smelled too good.  He wanted to cum together.  Dean took Cas's cock in his hand and jacked him in time.  All Cas said was ‘Oh.’ and Dean felt his omega chanel spasm Dean growled.  His knot popped inside and came deep inside of Cas.  Cas smelled like home, mate, family… Dean purred and lapped at the fresh bite. Cas took his face in his hands and looked him in the eye.  He searched Dean’s face.  Dean rolled them onto their sides.  He wanted to kiss Cas, so he did.  They kissed lazily until Dean could think clearly enough to speak. He didn’t want to, but Cas insisted.
The movie ended and Sam put the empty soda cans into the popcorn bowl to take to the kitchen, wished Jack good night and headed out leaving Jack sitting in his room. Before attempting to sleep himself, Jack decided to venture out into the halls of the bunker in the hopes that Castiel may also be up. The bunker was quiet though and only seemed to amplify the loneliness Jack was feeling. Castiel was nowhere to be found and Jack figured maybe he had stayed with Dean in his room for the night. Although he couldn’t imagine sitting in anyone’s room, doing nothing for literal hours as the person just slept. With a defeated sigh, Jack returned to his room and tried to keep himself busy until dawn.
On one such occasion, they traveled to a small town where a family was being tormented by an antique umbrella which had been possessed by some sort of Japanese spirit called a tsukumogami. Dean hadn’t been able to hide his laughter when they had described how it had “menacingly” hopped around the kitchen and licked all of their appliances. Sam apologized for his brother’s behaviour and they quickly ended the family’s suffering by catching the umbrella and burning it in a fire.
Dean pulled Cas close to him until their hips bumped against the others. Now he could feel how hard Cas was and it felt incredible against his own clothed erection. He moved his own hips like a teenager craving any sort of friction. It was impatient and primal as Dean felt heat start to travel from his groin to the rest of his body. Cas moved his own hips in time and placed his hands on Dean’s waist to get him closer. They rutted against one another until they were both left panting and wanting more.
And Castiel rolled his eyes at how flippant Dean was but there was a small smile on his lips. “I never should have doubted the Winchesters,” he murmured.
Cas smiled sweetly at Dean and his expression immediately turned to embarrassment as he caught Sam’s knowing expression.
Dean understood what Castiel meant though and managed to maneuver himself to the nightstand where he pulled out a bottle of lube and a condom.
He tugged at the belt loops of Castiel’s pants, which were still wet, and pulled him flush against his own, still soaked, pants. Castiel groaned at the contact, momentarily moving away from Dean’s mouth and dragging Dean closer until he was pressed between the door and Dean’s body. The warmth of Castiel’s skin could be felt through his shirt and it made Dean almost dizzy with desire. Since his mouth was currently unoccupied, Dean took the momentary break to try and speak. Not before laying a single kiss to the corner of Cas’s mouth though which Cas tried to chase with his tongue.
Dean froze and Sam’s words floated through his head from the night before. Everyone knows. There was no way this total stranger knew, of course. The wink had just been a friendly gesture obviously. But Dean couldn’t help but get stuck up on it.
He couldn’t tell if Castiel was feeling the same way. He must be though. Castiel was practically human now and he had human feelings and needs. And human urges. Whether Castiel had the same emotions as Dean about the whole situation though, he couldn’t be sure. Dean doubted he would be able to handle touching Cas again, let alone kiss him, if he wasn’t one hundred percent certain Castiel felt the same way. But the thought of risking their current friendship because Dean wanted to be closer was terrifying.
Unable to hide his curiosity, Dean looked over at Castiel. Castiel’s eyes were dark and focused, clearly tracing the lines of Dean’s body. Castiel looked away quickly once he locked eyes with Dean and Dean smirked. He enjoyed watching Cas squirm for a change.
Dean remained quiet as he looked over his shoulder to reverse, his brow knit together and his lips pressed tightly shut. He hit the gas and Baby surged forward instead of back. Dean cursed as he realised his mistake and changed the car into reverse.
“Thank you,” Castiel said as he loaded the food into the reusable bags and then into the cart. Dean nodded at the woman and walked stiffly behind Cas towards the car. He had been having such a good time with Cas that all of his worries had escaped his mind momentarily. But now they were all coming back to slap him in the face.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean greeted quietly. Castiel opened his eyes and yawned before burying his face back into the pillow. “I’m just gonna see what we’re doing for dinner, okay?”
Dean was caught off guard. He took in Castiel’s eyes, dark and questioning, and his mouth, parted slightly. The memory of how Castiel had felt and tasted from before, though fleeting, came to Dean’s mind and he wanted so desperately to experience all of it again. More of it. He wanted to run his hands through Castiel’s hair which was still wet but starting to fluff and curl as it dried. The shirt Dean had given Castiel hung loose on the angel’s body and Dean could clearly see the line of Castiel’s collarbone and Dean wanted to see more.
I would love to keep sending you letters. But I’m very curious, what is this job that takes all your time?
As soon as he caught a glimpse of queerness in my being, he started to tell me how wrong it was for a man to kiss another man. He threatened me so many times to abandon me on the road. I was so scared that I just pushed my feelings aside, I buried them deep, deep, down in myself knowing that, eventually, I will have to deal with it again. But even when he died, I wasn’t even relieved. I could have gone to prides, to gay bars or things like that but I didn’t. Because it was as if I was betraying my father, I thought that I couldn’t disappoint him more. I was already the least loved of the family so I couldn’t do that to him. So, I kept overcompensating, I was trying to sound more and more masculine. I was just profoundly horrified with who I was and I still am but I guess a little bit less.
I decided to check the letter box anyway, and surprisingly there was one letter but it wasn’t Lisa’s writing on it? Maybe it was Ben? Naah can’t be. I go to my bedroom, grab a beer on the way and start to read it.
First, about the photo thing, I left you one in the envelope. I’m not very good with pictures but I thought this one was alright.
So, my love situation. I’m not really comfortable talking about it but no, I don’t have anyone here. By anyone, I mean, I don’t have any boyfriend. I guess this is me coming out to you, you are the first person apart from my family that I’m telling this too but I’m gay. I’ve known it since I was 12. I hope it’s ok with you? If you’re not, I understand. Not everyone accepts it, most of my family is alright with it. Well as far as I know haha. I usually don’t tell people about it because I’m afraid they might push me away and I don’t want to lose you. I know, we’ve known each other for less than two months but dude I don’t have any friends so you are the only guy here I can talk about that shit. So, if you have any advice I would love to hear them.
I see, I’m talking with a smart guy. To not disappoint you, I’m not really into books, I mean I do read sometimes (for my job) but if I read it’s mostly comics and by that I mean marvel. Best thing in the whole world. I wish I was as brave as you when it comes to changing your career path to going into something you truly love. I really admire that.
“ - Let’s just not talk about that, what do you think about a beer? Maybe while watching a movie just like old times, only you and me.
Also maybe we could send a picture of ourselves so that I can put a face on who I am talking to, what do you think Castiel?
A little bit later in the day, I decide to look in the mail anyway. And here I see the long-waited letter. I sigh out of relief, maybe he doesn’t hate me after all.
I’m really surprised you actually responded, I was already seeing my letter torn in pieces. Well, if I have to be honest I could use a friend too and talking to someone you don’t know can be quite helpful sometimes.
I started breathing heavily as I read the “boyfriend”, how could he know? Am I this obvious? I’m gay and I’m proud of it but maybe deep down I wish he didn’t know. Maybe I should stop writing him letters, it’s wrong. But I don’t want to, he is the only friend that I’ve got right now and I’m not ready to let go of that.
I don’t think I’ll ever hear from her, Lisa, again. I hurt her. Anyway, life is what it is, I can’t exactly change what I did. About the job, you’re probably right, are you some kind of therapist because you seem to understand me pretty well don’t you? And about me not being like my father, man I don’t know about that. The thing I can tell you is that he was a horrible father, it shouldn’t be allowed for those guys to raise kids. But well, I can’t change that either.
I know you didn’t ask me anything but I understand what you went through while writing the last letter. I am queer. I don’t like to put a label on me, I already have so much self hate after I figured that out or when my dad did. As I told you in one of the first letters, (we’ve been doing this for a little bit now and I’m already coming out to you??)I didn’t have the most amazing relationship with him. I looked up to him my whole life while hating every single part of him. I think it’s because he was the only parental figure that I had since my mother died when I was four.
I’m speechless. I was so scared of coming out to him but I was so far from the truth, he was dealing with the same thing. I look outside the window of my apartment, people walking, a total mess. Every one of them has their little secret they hide and we might never know what it is. People moving, in the sun, away from their home, all alone. We are all vulnerable but are we all brave enough to show it? Are we all ready to embrace that vulnerability? Dean Winchester, who I thought was the type of guy who didn't want anyone to see his vulnerability, his weakness, showed it to me. Not without any shame but he did it, with courage. From this particular moment, I knew I would cherish him forever.
I check the envelope to see the picture of my mysterious friend. Oh, here he is. He has magnificent eyes, the kind of colour you’ve never seen in your life. Black hair, beautiful smile. He is wearing a grey sweatshirt and some blue jeans and it seems like he is my age. Basically the kind of dude I wanna be friends with and I have to admit that he looks cute. I hate myself for thinking that, why do I think he looks cute? I need a drink. Now.
Why would he think I am not ok with him being gay, I hope I don’t strike as a homophobe douche. Deep down, I was really happy that Castiel trusted me with this, I know that coming out is a big deal. My fellow queer friends around me were pretty cool with it but I know there are some real bad people out there. I actually saved two guys who were making out, I saw a group of men coming to them and I just tried to defend them the best I could.
I’ve spent hours trying to find the right words to say what has been on my mind since we last saw each other and as you noticed, I’m no good at expressing my feelings.
I know that I’m not this Lisa, I will never be and I still don’t know why I’m writing this letter. But from what I read, you seem like the kind of guy who doesn’t count his hours on the job and I totally can understand that, I am myself sometimes so caught up in my work that I forgot it’s actually time to leave. You have to understand that you need to rest, because people tend to work more when they are not alright. And whatever you say I know you are nothing like your father.
Thirty minutes later I can finally close the door of the library and head to my little apartment. I open my letter box to see if I got any letters from my family without any hope for it. But I only find a letter from an unknown address and a name I’ve never seen before: Dean Winchester. I climb the stairs four by four, unlock the door and jump on my couch. I wonder if I should open it, it must belong to someone else, but there’s no other address but I guess I could send it back to them. I really shouldn’t open it but my curiosity is stronger so I start to open it carefully.
This job has really been a way for me to get out of my comfort zone, you see, I’m not really used to going to public places. I used to get so anxious, my heart would start beating so hard, I never was able to breathe correctly when I was with people. But working in such a comforting environment, made me believe that there are actually genuinely good people here.
Yes, I’m over it now. I guess I gained confidence in who I am, what I believe in which wasn’t the case when I was little. Maybe it all came to this one point, I was destined to be bullied to be stronger today.
You may wonder who’s writing and well, I also wonder why I received your letter. I was having a pretty regular day and your letter just shook my world, I know it shouldn’t overwhelm me but talking to new people, people I never met is not my thing. So, my name is Castiel, I’m a random guy from New York.
Enough talking about me. Dude, that’s awful! I feel like my problems are nothing compared to yours, you truly went through hell. Let me say something, you do not deserve to be called by awful names, no one deserves that. I hope that now you got over it, even though I know we can never let go of trauma. Maybe that’s why you have trouble talking to new peeps? You see, I can be some kind of therapist too.
Poor Sammy, even though he seemed to have the perfect life everyone could ask for, his kid got sick pretty badly. He really can’t afford to lose someone else.
10 months ago, I decided to do something that would change my life forever. This is my story. The story of a love that was unfathomable, the story of two men wanting to be loved and needed. This is our story.
What I want to say first is how cool, and a little bit weird, is your name? Never heard of it. To be honest with you, I really wondered why you responded to my letter when it wasn’t destined for you but I’m glad you did. I could use a friend.
I open the door to the bunker, wait, it's already unlocked? I take my gun, and move slowly on the stairs. And there I see, this tall guy looking at me.
Time was passing and nothing from Dean Winchester. I was starting to think that maybe coming out to him wasn’t a good idea. I should have known, I am so stupid. My heart starts racing, I’m sweating, I can’t stop bouncing my leg. I know what’s coming next, I should have never cared for another human, “It’s the last time.”, I promised myself.
I’m sorry but you’re going to have to wait to know what I do for a living. But, trust me when I say you don’t want to know.
While driving back home, I think of Castiel. He is a really special dude, the kind of special you want in your life. But he still hasn’t written to me back, maybe I offended him by saying boyfriend? Or maybe it’s the picture thing. I mean if he is a 80 year old man, I will understand. I really hope it’s not that anyway, ew.
I’m sorry. For everything, all of it. I know what you’re going to say, the fact that I’m apologizing only now is lame, I should have said this word sooner. But Lisa, I am really sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t be there for Ben and you when you needed me, I suck as much as my dad at being a father I guess. You see, I can't quit my job, I can’t do that because it’s my legacy and someone’s gonna do it. Even when I was there, I wasn’t the perfect husband anyway.
I take my brother between my arms and give him the typical bro hug. I’m usually too stupid to admit that I miss him.
Now that I am in my 40’s I think I’m slowly becoming more and more my real self, I’m still not good with who I am but I’m getting there. Trying to forget about self-hate.
Since you told me (well not “me” but you know) something personal about you I feel like I’m kind of obliged to tell you something about me. So when I was, let’s say 14, I wasn’t very loved by a lot of people at school. The only people that at least respected me were the teachers. I know it sounds very sad and it is yes. Kids called me awful names, would sometimes beat me up and I never said anything. Ok, now I don’t feel guilty anymore for reading your letter.
I take the picture he sent me. He has beautiful greenish brown eyes, a 3 days beard which suits him very nicely. The sun is shining on his face making him seem like the light at the end of a very dark tunnel. He looks astonishingly handsome. How come I only want what I can’t have?
Another day at work, another hunt. God I’m tired of this job, everything has been pretty dark but as I always say to Sammy I have to keep on doing what I do even though I don’t believe it anymore. I have been hunting practically my whole life, my dad put me in it as soon as I could hold a gun. My brother, Sam, got out of it ; he went to law school and he is a successful lawyer, married to a girl named Eileen, he is truly happy. How I wish I could say the same about me.. I screwed up my relationship with Lisa, we were damn happy together, I started to finally feel at home somewhere after so many years going motel after motel. But as usual, I didn’t realize she wasn’t happy with me anymore. I left without saying anything to her so, as I couldn’t forgive myself for that, I sent her a letter to apologize but I still haven’t gotten any response. I can’t blame her though, I wouldn’t have answered either if I were her.
“Right, right, Winchester. I heard you and your “partner” took over there. I’ve been meaning to call and make sure you were keeping the boys under control”.
Cas also stands and hisses at me, “Dean, please keep it down. Jimmy needs his rest. Look, Rowena brought Sam and me up to speed on this Walker guy and what happened after Jack whammied everyone back. Rowena had Hell under control. She doled out the work, and whoever did the best job got the best work. Walker was one of them who endeared himself to Rowena into getting more and more lucrative jobs in Hell. He did such a good job; she made him a crossroads demon.”
I grasp the hand he holds out to shake, but he gasps when he sees the knife in my other hand, pressing it into the back of the hand I’m shaking.
I gaped at him, “Prepared. You were prepared like a boy scout. And I was asking if you wanted to take it slow”
Arael watches as Jack turns to her, “This has gone on long enough. I’m sorry now I didn’t push it. But we have run out of time. It’s time to put our plan in action.”
Cas ambles in last, hair wet from his shower, wearing long black shorts and his sky-blue t-shirt. The clothes only highlight his dark hair and his blue eyes, that I can’t take my eyes off of him.
Jack grins at us, “It’s simple. We need the combined strength of the leaders of all the realms to come together to defeat the Empty”
Catching his eye, I ask him, “You doing ok there Buddy” and he nods. I hear Cas asking if he wants to go somewhere quieter, but he shakes his head.
Castiel smiles, reaches up and pulls the flannel jacket from his shoulders. He then grips Dean’s band t-shirt and pulls it off over his head. When Dean looks again, he is in his bedroom.
I saw Castiel, the warrior, guarding Heaven, I saw Castiel the Guardian Angel sent to raise Dean from Perdition, I saw Castiel the best friend to Dean and Sam, I saw Castiel, the father to Jack, and I saw Castiel with me……….
So much to Dean’s delight, Sam built his house right next door. Of course, they didn’t spend every day together, but it was enough to know he was nearby.
I laid a shaking hand on Jimmy’s shoulder, “Believe me Jimmy, this epiphany is scarier than any ghost”
The next few hours were some of the most fun I had in years. Watching the girls roast the boys over every little thing, had me in stitches. Of course, it was our relationship that got the most scrutiny, with some of the questions bordering on the outrageous. Sitting on the couch, with Cas in the middle between me and Dean I finally raised my hands,
“Well, It’s like this. I need someone to run the farm for a while. Maybe for around six months. I don’t want to close it up as this place is a refuge for the kids and I know the State is looking for any reason to shut me down. Sure, why rehabilitate a kid when you can lock them up, right?” Sonny said sounding uncharacteristically bitter.
“Dean it's hard enough for us to open up and tell each other our feelings, how hard will it be for Michael to try and put into words what happened to him. Oh, Dean I hurt so much for him”.
After I stop laughing, I told him where I had to go to get said lube, and I thought it best to stock up.
Just as I’m locking the front door, Cas calls to say we forgot her lead, “You mean you forgot it” I call back to him and I’m rewarded with a full body roll of his eyes.
Dean is like an electrical wire, bouncing along beside him, but Sam’s mind is on one thing. There is nothing he can do except wait for Jack to find him. And sure, Jack is God, but the Universe is unravelling, and they still need to get all the players on board, and Dean and Sam are tumbling through time. So, no pressure. Just another day in the life and death of Team Free Will.
I realise Helen isn’t blind to the looks between Cas and me.  An image of a beautiful child with Cas’s blue eyes and untameable hair appear in my mind.
Cas nodded his head “Good, I’ll head into town tomorrow and get some seeds and utensils to get us started”.
Cas smiles at Sonny as he continues, “After dinner in the evenings, their time is their own until lights out at nine”.
Dean leans back in his chair, belly full and heart warmed from the dinner and the company. Across the table, Sam looks as he feels.
They had stopped outside the townhouse and were talking. The man was smiling and touching her arm far too much for my liking.
There's a place to the rear of the house that will make a perfect spot for Cas’s vegetable garden. Trust Cas to come up with the perfect idea to keep the boys engaged and watch them see something they plant with their own two hands, grow and flourish.
Two tears make their way down my face. I don’t know if they are tears of sadness or frustration. Maybe a bit of both.
With only our hands and lips touching, we are enclosed in a cocoon of kisses and tiny gasps. I was only hoping to provide comfort, but Cas had other ideas.
Robin looks over her shoulder and says “Oh hi Wade. You haven’t met Dean yet, have you. This is Dean Winchester. He’s taken over from Sonny while he gets better. Dean this is Deputy Wade Myers”
But I didn’t care about that. All I could see is that Siobhan wasn’t getting up. She was still. Too still
The noise in her ears stopped. One of the men, wait he was in the café with the man with the blue eyes, was now talking to her, he was tall with brown hair and green eyes.
The boys are looking a little bit lost before I say to them, “Ok, everybody gets two pairs of pants and two tops. So, go see what you like.”
Cas and I stay huddled in the kitchen talking quietly for another while before I realise, Jimmy is still in with Helen. Usually, she spends around 15 minutes with each of the boys, making sure they are ok and if they have any questions or problems.
Smiling ruefully at her, “Thanks Sarah for looking out for Cas today. Not letting his temper go too far”.
He then paused and looked at me saying quietly “The end is coming, and I will kiss and hug my family every chance I get. I’m sorry if you have a problem with that. But tough, get used to it” he said smiling at me
Smirking, I turn back to the boys, saying, “To get started, here’s one important concept to keep in mind, striking the soft spots of the body are at the base of any effective reaction, these include eyes, nose, jaw, throat, groin, knees and Achilles’ tendon. Because no matter how strong your opponent, he or she is still vulnerable in these areas”.
Cas tilts his head at me before stepping into my space. The next thing I know I'm being dunked into the ocean, with the boy’s gales of laughter ringing in my ears.
By the time, the interviews with the boys are done it's nearly dinner time. Nicholas is the last in with her and he comes out looking very subdued.
Cas reaches out for my hand and squeezes it as Sam's voice reassures me, "I will Dean I promise. Can't wait to see you guys".
“So you telling me that when we are making love, you’ll be ok with me saying “Oh Rowena” while in the throes of it?” I asked all innocent like
“Man, it’s good to hear your voice,” Sonny said, “I hope you don’t mind but I’m looking for a favour”.
Rubbing the back of my neck, I glanced at Cas to find him blushing furiously. He smiled softly at me and I returned it.
So, I explained everything to Rowena how we needed her to do the spell to help Siobhan kick start her mojo.
Rowena arched her perfect eyebrow at me and said “No, I’m giving Siobhan the choice to lie to Dean and Cas.”
“Dean, we didn’t bring anything with us,” Cas said, “I didn’t know we would be going swimming or anything like that”
Cas reaches down and takes my hand that's resting on the seat between us. Linking our fingers together, he raises his eyes to me as he continues, “It leaves you with me Dean. As you say, no sugar coating, no holding back, you talk to me and I’ll talk to you and that’s how we’ll get through it”.
“I’m sure, angels were whispering sweet nothings in their ears” Chuck looked like he was thoroughly enjoying himself.
“No, he won’t. He loves you.” He hesitated “Like we all do” he said finally and then he too walked away from me.
The two men have the grace to look chastised before Sam says, “Sorry, but we kind of raised Jack, so it’s like you're our……..you know…………………….granddaughter.”
“And that’s not happening” Dean said again. Castiel replied “I will be with her” and that’s when I spoke up.
Dean rolls onto his back, dragging Castiel with him, so he’s sitting on him, “Like why the Hell you didn’t kill me sooner.”
As we step out onto the porch, Helen is just getting out of her car. Another woman, slim, with vibrant red hair pulled into a messy knot on the top of her head, dressed in pink scrubs, climbs out of the back seat, holding a small suitcase in her hand. I watch as she helps a young boy out of the back seat of the car. He moves stiffly out of the car and as I watch, the nurse places a hand on his shoulder, but he deftly moves out from underneath it.
Fighting against the emotion that’s doing its best to break free, I stand and manage to stretch a smile on my face, “I need to get back inside. You take your time. I want to get the boys haircuts in the barbers next door, so we’ll probably be there another hour. Do you want the keys to the car to listen to some music?”
Michael had bonded with Cas, big time. In a way, I was glad it was Cas he latched on to and not me. Not because I didn’t like the kid, he was bloody adorable.
The rest of the evening is quiet as we try to be as normal as possible for the boys. Helen rings around eight that night, sounding exhausted and passes on the same information that Adam Richards had told us earlier about the autopsy. The coroner had done the second autopsy, but the results wouldn’t be ready until tomorrow.
Trace is looking at me with a mixture of fury and exasperation. “Jesus Winchester, nice to fucking meet you too.”
The Sheriff takes off his hat and lowers his head, “My apologies for the late hour, but I have just got back from all-day meetings with my superiors. They want Jimmy questioned tomorrow. I have informed Helen so she can be here as Jimmy’s advocate.”
“Jesus Cas, a Cambion. The only other one we met was so powerful and meant for Lucifer. We don’t know where he is now. What do we tell Michael?”
I could blame the whiskey. I could blame the understanding looks I was getting from Sam, Eileen and Alt Sam for the remainder of the evening. I could blame Alt Dean with his smooth lines and his fluttery eyelashes and his confident out of the closet sexuality, I could blame a lot of things but at the end of the day, I could only blame myself.
And he talks about Michael and Cas and Sam and Eileen. I can hear it in his voice that he’s being pulled two ways, between two families.
Releasing Dean, I grabbed Cas and Siobhan in a hug and congratulated them. Kissing them both on their wet cheeks. We were all crying.
“No, no you were right. This way I don’t have long to think about it. Can you ask Sam and Jack to come in and talk to me, quickly before the guys get here?” I asked her
At Cas’s startled look, she said, “That is the correct term, is it not? You are Jack’s father, and he is mine.”
Sitting across from them at the kitchen table, I know he was probably hoping I would change my mind and now I was waiting for the rash of counter arguments he would come up with.
The next morning after a sleepless night, (and I would deny it if anyone asked, I got up several times just to make sure Cas was really here) I shuffled my way to the kitchen in search of coffee.
And the thing is, if he was going home to a parent that had screwed up maybe once or twice, I might have been optimistic, but I’d read his file cover to cover. It was like reading my file. The bruises, the lies saying he got into a fight with other boys, the teachers realising the reason he kept to himself at lunchtime was to cover up for the fact that he had no lunch—the number of times he was found wandering the streets, bloody and hungry.
My boys came towards me and they stood looking down at me with smiles and love in their eyes. “Oh my” I thought
That was the hardest thing about all this. Siobhan went over and beyond for them. I knew she was as grateful for us as we were for her, that’s why my heart was sore for her this evening and I didn’t know how to help her.
My eyes fall on Jimmy as I scan the room. His swollen eye is open as he stares at me with clarity for the first time that week.
I left my room and stole my way to the garage where I picked the nearest car to the exit. I don’t speak cars, but it was black and shiny and scared the shit out of me. I dumped my bag into the back seat and then I made my way to find Sam.
I squeeze Cas’s shoulder, “Michael certainly isn’t. He was so relieved that we believed him. He has to be told what he is. Rowena has said that now his abilities are coming to light, they will just continue and grow stronger. He will need to be prepared.”
Michael is still wrapped tightly around Cas, with his head on Cas’s chest. He’s been listening intently to everyone, but he doesn’t say anything.
After the boys are in bed, the four of us take our beers out onto the porch with Cas dragging couch cushions out for us again, giving Sam and Eileen the porch swing. We talk about the day we had, skirting around the meeting with the Deputy. By mutual agreement we turn in early, it's been a long day. We all help lock up the house, locking the front door last as Miracle has a last run around. We say goodnight on the second landing with Miracle dashing into Sam and Eileen’s room.
I wanted you to know why being included in this family was so important to me after losing my own family. I love you all so dearly.
After Jack brought everyone back, Sam and Dean took time for themselves, first back at the bunker just taking it easy, enjoying their free time. Then when they got restless, they took to the road in Baby, visiting friends including Garth and his family, Jessie and Cezar in New Mexico and Jody, Donna and the girls here in Sioux Falls.
It said a lot that she didn’t protest and gripped me around the neck even tighter. When we got to her room, actually now our room, Cas opened the door and I laid her on the bed.
Running side by side, at a fair clip, Cas and I haven’t said a word to each other since Adam dropped his bombshell. I save my breath for running over the uneven surface of the trail.
“I’m bored, you know” Chuck said “I know what you’re planning Siobhan. I know everything. God, you know” pointing at himself “So I’ll tell you this, there isn’t an army on Heaven, Hell or Earth that can defeat me. This world will end and there is nothing you can do to stop me.
Lying in my bed, in the dark, listening to my best friends even breathing I recall a day three and half weeks ago in the bunker.
Sam and Dean wait for Jack to elaborate. Jack’s smile stretches wider while glancing between the two of them, and Dean gets a jittery feeling deep down inside.
I look at my brother, the boy I've raised to become the man before me and I'm so proud of what he wants to do next, but I know there and then, I'm on a different path.
Cas hasn’t broken eye contact. Of course, we're the champions of eye contact but this time the words accompanying it, stir something in me.
Jimmy smiled at me, “I would have liked to have met him. You and Cas really did this relationship thing really backward didn’t ye. Friends to being parents then lovers”
“I know that Cas but this……….” shrugging my shoulders and looking back at the farmhouse, “this is unlike anything we have taken on before”.
Jimmy’s face is pink-tinged, and awe-struck as we climb out of the car. Catching him around the shoulders, I say, “C’mon, help me shop. I have a house full of hungry men and boys to feed”.
But you don’t return it, do ya buddy. No, Cas told you he loves you and what’s he got for his trouble. Radio silence.
Sam has a natural way with people and he soon is engaging the boys in conversation, asking them how they like Harry Potter so far. Keith and Nick respond to his questions but still seem wary of him.
I grin back at him, “C’mon, we better get back. Make sure the boys haven’t drowned Cas or something”
“Speaking of which, we need to ask something, well we saw you yesterday, with Crowley. You do know who he is, what he is?” Dean asked
I got distracted by what I saw on Sam’s computer. A blackout in Atlantic City where the biggest Keno tournament was happening. Both of those sent big flashing neon signs up in my brain.
Making a mental note to stay close to them today, I showered and made my way down to the kitchen, wanting to be there when the boys arrived down.
When we got to the farmhouse, Cas and I realised we had left doors unlocked when we took off towards the lake. So, I wait outside with the boys while Sam, Eileen and Cas do a sweep of the house.
“He’s still asleep, but I wanted to tell you, Adam Richards recommended a lawyer for Jimmy. He knows of the Supernatural world, and he’s going to look into Jimmy’s case.”
I looked over at Jimmy cradling Joseph to his chest, trying to apologise with my eyes for the burden put on him but as I met his eyes, the look of Jimmy’s face reminded me of Sam. He seemed to be saying back to me, “I’m ok, Dean I got this” and I gave him a tight smile and nodded.
The taste and smell of Cas’s skin on his tongue are like nothing he’s ever tasted or smelled before. Cas smells like summer nights with jasmine in the air, thick and sweet.
Standing there with Cas, our arms around each other, I want to tell him right there and then, that I want to try with him but all that comes out is “That will never happen”.
“I know you are eager to get home, Nicholas”, as he groans why he had to wait all week, “We’ll take it slow and steady. Your mother wants you home for good. We want you back home for good. So let’s take our time, ok.”
“No Jack thanks, Actually, I’m going to do a bit of girl shopping and I just want to clear my head, do you mind?
She shrugged her shoulders, “Still. I wanted you to know, I gave him a piece of my mind after you left. He knows full well, that none of the boys who have stayed with Sonny have ever caused trouble. I think it was more about…………. well about…………” and she blushed
Eileen and I, both working on our laptops, looked across the table at Sam and then looked at each other, before I asked, “I’m sorry what did you say?”
I look up at Cas as he pounds into me, backlit against the night sky. He’s tanned and sweaty, his hair is dark and completely wrecked, his eyes are blown jet black and his lips are bruised pink, but he’s never looked more gorgeous. My Angel.
The witch looks at him with frightened eyes but whatever she sees in his face calms her, so she tells him, “The only creature in the Universe that can help you is God. And because he doesn’t exist, you’re shit out of luck.”
Once the house is locked up, we each retire to our bedrooms. Cas moves to the en-suite first while I throw myself down on the bed. Soon the sound of the shower fills my ears, and as tired as I am, the thought of Cas right now, naked in the next room, is enough to push the tiredness aside.
Kneeling at the side of the bed, I caught Michael’s eye again. “I know Jimmy leaving sucks, Michael. I wish he wasn’t going either. You know he doesn’t want to leave you. But I’m going to make sure you can keep in contact with each other, ok. Anytime you want. You hear me, I promise”.
It was why I walked away instead of killing Chuck, it was why I left the bunker and hunting and came to Sonny’s.
Cas is getting out of the car just as I’m leaving the house to greet them.  He gives me a brief glance that tells me everything I need to know.
But Dean wants more. A lot more. Dragging Cas up to him, he plunders Cas’s mouth, knowing he would never get sick of kissing Cas.
Dean answers this time, “The mother is in jail, awaiting trial. They are still looking for the men.”
I wasn’t sure I could go back to more of the same. I didn’t think after everything we had gone through; I could go back to killing vampires and werewolves and the like.
I think back to the words my brother said earlier in his phone call to me, “Dean, I know you and I are crap at the feelings thing, but the boys might need to hear the words from you, and I think it would be good for you and Cas too.”
Not wanting to hurt the women’s feelings, he squeezes them both to him tightly before releasing them.
Lying there, skin to skin, both of us breathing hard, breathing each other in, I feel complete and whole. Safe, loved, whole.
“Dean, I’m not sure how long this will take but the doctor said he would make us a priority depending on there’s no emergency” Sarah said.
I could feel Jimmy’s eyes on me from the back seat as I pull out of the car park and turn the car towards Hurleyville, but I keep my eyes facing forward and keep from looking in the rear-view mirror too often.
Sitting on the bed, I pull him into my arms and hold him as he cries for everything he’s lost and everything he’s endured.
Knowing that Michael wasn’t as comfortable with me as he was with Cas I said, “When Jimmy is finished with his schoolwork, he can keep Michael company, let you get a shower, maybe go for a walk, if you need to”
After we get Jimmy back to sleep, Cas leaves the room to call Sam about Jimmy’s nightmare. Sam puts out calls to all available hunters and tries to send a message to Rowena.
He was wearing light blue jeans, black t-shirt and a light blue denim jacket which I so didn’t notice made his eyes even bluer.
Jumping off the seat, I say “Shuddup you. For that, you can come with me" I tell him before grabbing him in a headlock.
“But it’s not for me” I finally answered. “I’m sorry Sammy, but I think I need to find my own way now”.
Sam gives me his understanding face, “Because we haven’t seen you in days. Cas is moping around looking like he’s lost his best friend. Did you guys have a fight?”
I grimaced at the reminder but answered him, “I know that Sam, Cas explained it to all of us, but it was his choice, he chose to be here with us”.
“Yeah said Dean “And the reason she has her hands full and heaven replenished is because of this woman right here. The least she could do is make her a fucking priority”
Siobhan’s eyes closed again just as Rowena started the spell. After two minutes a ball of silver gas rose from the cauldron and descended onto Siobhan and enveloped her. Her back arched off the bed and her skin seemed to shimmer.
I took one last sip of wine and then I stood saying “I’ll be back in a minute” I then walked to the bedroom and closed the door.
Rose left a lasagne in the fridge for us and I put it in the oven to heat. Miracle throws herself down on the porch, having had plenty of exercise for the day. I pour water into her bowl and leave it there beside her.
I remembered Jimmy’s face earlier this evening as he appeared in the kitchen twenty minutes after going up to Michael.
Sam sniggers, “Idjit. But that sounds good” he says before he yawns, “Ok on that note, I am going to crash. I’m bushed”
The young subject yelps as he moves to cover himself up while the King stares in disbelief at whoever dared to interrupt him and speak so disparagingly to him.
I manage a smile, “Yeah, it’s just a precaution, but I would prefer us back at the house, so everyone out and dry off, ok.”
Dean stands stock-still as he takes in his surroundings. He’s on a sidewalk on a residential street lined with trees. It’s a beautiful day, and the air is warm. He turns as he hears a voice behind him call out.
“Dean please stop” Cas begged between bursts of laughter. I loved hearing how carefree he sounded after his ragged crying fit last night.
Siobhan opens her eyes, at least she thinks they’re open. It’s so dark, pitch dark. She takes several deep breaths; it feels like she hasn’t breathed in an eternity.
“Dean I………………….I don’t………………what am………………..” Jimmy stops and rubs his eyes again and his struggle is breaking my fucking heart.
“Why are you in my apartment” I said. “How do you know my name, did you do this?” Indicating the destruction that was now the remains of my apartment.
When he is finished, Eileen stares at Jimmy stunned before looking over at us. Sam though is looking puzzled. “Jimmy, can you sign it again. I’m not sure I got all of it”
Sam and Dean stare at Jack in silence. He returns it just as silently; Arael stands in the background, watching them.
I meet Rose in the kitchen. She's my co-conspirator in my surprise. She's going to do up a cooler with food and drinks for our lunch.
“There is a lot to do, a lot of damage I have to repair after Chuck, but I have one responsibility here before I can leave” Jack replied
“Oh god, I’m sorry, I’m sorry Castiel” I closed my eyes, but the images were still too fresh in my mind, so I quickly opened them again.
And I told him what I saw, everything I saw and Castiel eyes widened with every bit of information I gave him.
I reached my right hand around to grab Cas’s cock and push it between the cheeks of my ass and rub it slowly against my hole. I couldn’t believe myself how much I wanted this. Cas’s groan gave me the courage to keep going.
Castiel looked up at that and was about to protest the statement but quickly shut his mouth. That’s what everyone was supposed to think but then Dean said “Cas is playing hard to get; I don’t know why he’s playing hard to get but he is”
When Castiel said he wanted to talk about Siobhan I thought for about a second that he wanted to be with her instead of me.
Back in the kitchen, Amy meets Rose, Sam and Eileen and looks a bit overwhelmed at times, at the sheer amount of information the boys throw at her, regarding their activities and find her staring at Cas and me often.
Dean gives him the once over, “Can you even tell me why you’re here? I mean time travel, that’s…….. that’s heavy stuff right there, man.”
“No thanks. I think it’s a chocolate Frosties kind of morning” he grinned at me while opening the fridge.
Releasing my hand, she says, “You too, you too. And thank you. Sonny told me about you helping him out. I was very pleased to hear it. There aren’t many places like Sonny’s left I’m afraid. I would have hated to lose it”
Jimmy smiles a bit more sheepishly now before I continue, “You are family now Jimmy, you’re stuck with us whether you like it or not. Sam isn’t coming here just for me. He wants to meet you and the boys as well, so keep next Saturday free please, if you don’t mind”
I didn’t even want to eat, but I didn’t want the boys to know how close I was to losing it. I had so wanted Jimmy’s last week to be a good one, and I had screwed it up so badly, he was furious with me.
I emerge first wearing loose black shorts that come to above my knee, and I'm still wearing the black t-shirt that I had drove down in. I got the same shorts for Cas and he came out of the changing room wearing them with his grey t-shirt.
Cas takes the shower first as he wants to get back into Michael. He’d told me that he had got up a couple times to check on him but found him fast asleep both times.
After dinner, I head up for a quick shower leaving the boys to clean the kitchen. I still feel pulled between feeling rattled and feeling loved, it's a real seesaw of emotions, and I was so glad I had my brother and Eileen here along with Cas. They were the three people I was closest to in the whole world and an evening relaxing in their company was what I needed right now. After changing into a clean band t-shirt and sweats I padded my way back downstairs when there was a debate on what film to watch. I had thought the boys would have gone outside to enjoy the last of the sunshine but apparently everyone’s kinda tired after our long day out, and the run in with the deputy had  left a lingering of unease with the boys that I think they just wanted to stay close to us and I was totally ok with that.
