Sherlock                     Catching them easily, I open the box, stuffing one whole into my mouth and spraying crumbs around, "Lestrade isn't Cameron. Lestrade is a good, brave and smart man who won't push you. He also won't push for a relationship if you choose to pull away."
Mary                     I move through the building smoothly, glancing around the corners and corridors, searching the deserted offices and becoming more than a little frustrated and snappy with Seb, "We need to make sure that this place is clear. I know intelligence said it was, but they often couldn't find their arse with both hands, a map and a spotter."
Greg                      "Shall you tell him, or shall I?" I raised an eyebrow at Mycroft, leaning my arm on the back of the sofa as I watched Sherlock clutch at the skull protectively like a child refusing to let a Teddy go through the wash.
Mycroft                       "Have we completed the trace on her phone? We know that she spoke to Moran before she disappeared..."
Greg                            I wipe my face as I can't hold back my laughter anymore and I don't know why it was such a surprise to me. "Sounds like him. Although, there was a rumour going around for a while that me and Luke Elwood from the squad team were shagging."
Sherlock                   "The thing you do." I start to scowl, "Don't be thick on purpose. You know what thing. The little push you give me to behave."
Greg                             I can vaguely hear voices but I can’t even keep my eyes open, I’m that dizzy and weak. My body felt heavy, like something was weighing me down.
Rosie                          I follow him upstairs to see my own room. "Wow. It's huge!" I yawn. "Could I maybe take a shower?" I didn't bring pajamas or even a change of clothes, but I can put these ones back on.
Sherlock               "I told you he would wake up soon." I snap at the poor nurse, "Go and get some ice for him. Hurry."
Mycroft                     "I know, and for that, I am sorry. I didn't know..." I hang my head in shame. "We may all be metas, but we are also human. Seeing one's future, or a version of it, is a frightening thing. Surely you can understand that."
John                            “Bart’s. They wouldn’t let me go. I’m gonna follow in a police car. Seb’s dead, Mycroft. We didn’t get any information about Sherlock. He shot Greg. I had to shoot him.”
Moriarty               "Such a good boy for not playing with yourself. Do you deserve a reward?" Seb nods yes somewhat wearily. "What do you want my pet?" I trail my fingers on the top of the water absentmindedly. "What does my good soldier deserve?"
Greg                      "Wonderful. Why is it all just money with people these days?" I questioned hypothetically and tried not to look him in the eye, instead sipping at my tea gently.
Rosie                          "Who's Harold?" He hands me my phone so I text Charlie and tell her all about London, and my Fath-- er my John?, and Sherlock, and my phone. "Can i take pics? She'll want some pics."
Sherlock                   My phone is slammed back into my pocket, huffing, "It seems to have your genetic code for sass John."
Greg                             The laughing got louder and louder until it was then Mycroft’s voice, saying my name and my eyes glared up at him where he was shaking my bad shoulder along with my good one. It was starting to heal but sensitive and I gripped his arms to get him to stop with pain in my expression.
Mycroft                       "What was it this time? Cocaine? Or did you try something new?" I take a seat at the table across from him, slipping off one glove.
Greg                             I had been anxiously waiting outside the door listening to the pair of them arguing, it not taking me to be an amazing actor to make it look like my heart and face had sunk. I marched inside the interrogation room, pulling Sherlock up by his arm and barked that he needed to walk to get to the car outside.
Greg                             "I know… I know, I’m so sorry." I took the mask off when she flung her arms around me where I felt fine, my arms hugging her and doing the best I could to calm her down while the fire services finished with putting out the fire.
Greg                            "Let’s just discuss it when I can get out of here. Where's Rosie?" I shake my head and I wanted to think about it properly, my eyes meeting John rather than Mycroft's this time.
Sherlock                   My head nods along with John's words, reaching out to hold the bee within reach of her, still wary of upsetting what seems to be a pure Watson temper. The ache in my knee reminds me of just how powerful a small, enraged mini John can be
Sherlock                   My fingers flick and John's smart grey trousers drop to the floor, "Oh, no underwear doctor Watson?" My lips latch onto his throat, sucking hard on the tender skin there as my fingers pinch a nipple
Greg                            "I love all these freckles. I’ve wondered what was under those suits of yours." I threw it somewhere on the floor and slipped both my sweatshirt and shirt off in one go. I was going to make it work for both of us, meaning a lot of experimenting.
Greg                      "Greg, please... Or Gregory if you must have something formal...' I smiled at first, then just perching down in the seat opposite him while he called for some coffee. I definitely needed that today.
Greg                             I glare down at the mugs in front of us, having some inkling that having the power he did was hard enough without everything else. I continue to listen as Sherlock goes on.
Jamie                           "He was... Ah, yes, now I remember Molly saying your husband was killed in action. So sad. That's the truth of war, though." I give him a quick squeeze and take in that he's lost weight, smells like dirt and smoke, hair oily, and many other markers to support his returning to drugs story. "These won't keep you off Coke. Only you can do that. These -will- make it easier." I put a few in a bag for him. "Here's enough for a day, maybe two if you stretch them. Consider this a gift during your time of grief." I hand him the bag that quickly disappeared somewhere in his hoodie. "Come back whenever you want more. No charge, of course. There's a few things that could benefit from your skill set. Consider a trade of favors."
Mycroft                       The kiss surprises me. I take my hand off his shoulder, just about to cup his face and deepen the kiss when I suddenly remember - I am bare-handed - and set my hand back on his shoulder.
John                            A groan comes up the back of my throat. “I miss you too. So much. And I haven’t had any time alone to myself.”
Greg                             I manage to stay asleep for most of the night and find myself curled up around him when my alarm goes off. I groan as I move with how bruised my shoulder feels, my hand brushing Mycroft’s as I move, and I didn't register that he wasn't wearing gloves
Rosie                          "Don’t your hands get hot?" I point to the gloves he always wears. "You’re s’posed to take them off inside."
Sherlock                   My knuckles turn white, clenching my fists as I watch the feed, before taking a breath, closing my eyes and slowing my fear, murmuring, "For John to survive...I need to focus. Push away the sentiment. It clouds my thoughts." My eyes open, intense once more, making a grab for the last riddle and reading it silently
Greg                            "You pull away immediately if it’s too much..." I warned and slowly leant forward with my hand to put my palm flat against his. It felt odd, the sensation where he was looking into my past, it a small tingle but it gave you a sense of calm.
Mycroft                     I stand up alongside him. "Perhaps dinner one evening this week, then?" I ask, trying to keep my voice from quavering.
Rosie                          "He's kinda cute I guess. He's also kinda funny." I finally take a good look at John (the name sounds weird in my head since I've never had a name for the dad who didn't want me but now I think he maybe wants me...?).
Greg                             I had noticed he was still not wearing gloves but leant into him anyway, not noticing my pulse racing and my smile soft as Colin Firth came on the screen and I hadn’t told anybody that it was a secret indulgence of mine. I thought he was a great actor and he had been in a few NSFW dreams of mine too.
Greg                             "Please..." I mutter as I watch him inch lower and his expression was like someone opening a gift. I saw how he felt for me then, his eyes glistening almost before he finally brushed his hand against my thigh and then used his mouth to start lubing up my cock. It was definitely different and felt amazing compared to whatever I'd experienced before.
Rosie                          "Dr. Watson I presume?" I don't even bother to stand up or open my eyes. If I open them I might wake to find it's all been a dream, nightmare.
Sherlock                     Struggling still, I'm dragged along by my hoodie, barking out, "Unhand me. Now."
Mycroft                       "The warning from the accident... I was concerned. When Anthea started getting reports of metas being found dead under questionable circumstances, I needed to do some investigation without involving you or NSY."
Greg                            "I doubt they would have used the same car. Unless they're stupider than I first thought." I muttered at first but waved for him to continue, eyes scanning the computer while we looked through the bank robbery and I noted down the car type along with the number plate.
Mycroft                     I nod quietly at John and let Greg lead me to the bedroom. I kick off my shoes and curl up under the blankets.
John                            I grab Eurus and twist her arms behind her back, pressing her up against the chair. “Greg… cuffs?”
Sherlock               Suddenly I'm standing by John, without being let in, barking into his ear, "Stop being stupid and just come back to me John!"
Mycroft                       I reach up and brush my hands over his broad chest, down to this hips and thighs. "I have missed you, as well." I look up at him, then pull him down by his shoulders to kiss him, long and slow, as our hips rock together, the friction of our bare cocks against each other bringing moans from us both.
Oliver                         "Ingraham... I didn't know him. I thought I'll help with Seb, he needed a car and asked me if I can help him. He didn't know when he would finish with his appointment, so I just have to wait for him in the car."
Mycroft                     "I couldn't find much information, either, when I was researching. It seems we will be learning a lot in the coming months... perhaps we should write a book." I smile up at him.
Greg                             I had gone to process some paperwork for Miss Adler and brought back Mycroft a coffee, knowing he was going to feel fatigued and then saw how pale Irene's face was when I entered. "Everything okay?" I asked softly as I sat down again.
Mycroft                       "It seems that our... connection, for lack of a better term, is exceedingly rare." I look at him quietly. "It has only been known to occur when one party's power has a strong emotional component, much like mine."
Mycroft                     I reach over and put my hand across John's arm, lowering his gun and motioning for him to step back. "This is between us, Eurus... let's discuss this like adults..." I take a slow step toward her.
Greg                            I continue mouthing it through his bottoms and wrapping my hand around it, it being something I'd never done before. My experience with men could be argued to be basic and I kept my eyes up at him to watch his reactions as I finally pulled his boxers down. His cock was impressive and weeping.
Mycroft                     "I've not had an opportunity to speak to her, as yet. But it does seem Sherlock is quite taken with her... arranging for the phone... the laptop..."
Sally                            "They do stink a little but only maybe when we bring them in and they're sometimes scary. You're like your dad with all of this stuff." I raised a joking eyebrow and wondered what woman would ever want to sleep with the likes of Sherlock Holmes.
John                            “Sherlock! No!” I push past Mycroft and out into the landing as Sherlock teleports down the stairs and out the door. I move to start down the stairs, but I feel Greg’s arms around my shoulders holding me back.
Sherlock                   My thighs tremble, stomach quivering and contracting as I cry out loudly, no longer caring where I was, if this was a dream, hallucination or just wishful thinking. Instead I start to climax over John's eager hand, watching lazy pumps spark from my bucking hips
Greg                      "Sounds beautiful. My dad used to fix up old cars like this to then sell on. Worked out of our own garage." I explained as we got out at Baker Street and I ran my fingers across the bonnet. It brought back a lot of memories.
Sharon Price          Tugging the blanket around me, I gaze around as if seeing the chaotic scene for the first time, before spinning back to him. In the flashing lights my eyes seem to change colour constantly, pale green to blue, to aqua, "I'm Sharon."
Mycroft                     I enter the house, calling out my parents as I walk through the quiet hallway. I see Greg freeze at the music room door, and I am overcome with a feeling of dread and horror. He turns and grabs my shoulders, trying to steer me back out the house the way we came, but not before I see Mummy's body draped over the sofa. "No..." I gasp, my knees starting to buckle.
Mycroft                     I gasp loudly and arch my back as his tongue slides along my length. Momentarily robbed of speech, I respond to his question by nodding vigorously
Sherlock                     My eyes flicker to my brother, then back to Lestrade, "He had a fall into the Thames mud a few days ago. Some sort of illness he's picked up from that?"
Sherlock                     Standing, I shake my head, "Strange. I seem to remember those very words coming from me once, when you found me in that drug den." My lips quirk in a bitter little smile, "How I didn't matter, that it was all just transport and puzzle solving. How no one would ever want me."
Sherlock                   The spoon is passed as I shuffle around, before peering at her bowl, sniffing it, then nodding, "You have good taste. John. Need to buy more of the good foods. Less of the boring ones. Like your bran flakes."
Mycroft                     "Did my brother read this note?" I ask Greg. "I would think the KIA tag would be enough to set him off, but the note..."
Greg                            Just the feeling of his lips on my bare skin was enough and he had to keep his hands on my track bottoms, but I was pushing my hips up to show him what I wanted. I didn't even mind him stroking me through my clothes, it feeling like we were teenagers again.
Greg                             "All things to enjoy." I said softly with sarcasm in my voice, downing most of the glass of water and even though it was a slow process, I did manage to eat most of the Thai Food. I could see him reading the scrawl of notes I'd left on his desk, but I let him.
Sherlock                   "Not like this." My hand passes over his stomach, stroking the skin there before allowing my head to drop back into the pillows, "Never so fast. So needy."
Sherlock                   "What can it be?" I turn and snap viciously at Mycroft, "You must be reading it wrong. Let me read it?"
Greg                             "I would but you know what sort of person I am compared to John." I grumbled as he kissed me lightly, it bringing the room back up to a better temperature. I put my hands on his waist and still had to get john and Rosie to Mycroft’s flat.
Sherlock                   I study her, dipping my toast into the soup again, biting it, before murmuring, "What is wrong with your sister? Exactly?"
Greg                             "Did... did I say anything untoward yesterday? When I was out of it?" I asked just as he got to the door and it was still in the early hours so another few hours kip wouldn't hurt. I had glanced up at the IV bag, knowing it must have been bad.
Rosie                          "Ummm. Shouldn't you be, ya know, wearing clothes?" I'm only wearing a long shirt, but I don't have anything else.
Moriarty                   After taking a scalding hot shower I realize I am not ready to go back to our rooms. I detour to the kitchens and tell them to prepare dinner for two before I head off to Sherlocks suite. Once there I dismiss the guards and proceed to open the door. "Sherlock. Hello."
Sherlock                   My throat bobs, his words affecting me more than I like to admit. To try and divert his attention, my gaze sweeps around, "Where are we?"
Sherlock                   I breath in the fresh London air a moment before clearing my throat, "I'm unsure she understood my intentions." I quickly add, "It's fine. I'm used to barriers between myself and others. As long as she stays here. As long as she's safe. I shall do whatever I have too."
Mycroft                     I walk to Sherlock's side, and brush his hair back with a brotherly smile. "I am glad this worked, that we will all be fine. He deserves to be happy, John... you both do."
Seb                        "We need to celebrate and I'd never let you down Jimmy. I care for you too much to do that." I grinned as I reached up to grab the whiskey, taking out glasses and then felt his arms wrap around me while he nipped at my neck lightly.
Mycroft                       "It wasn't intentional..." I mumble. If I wasn't looking for leave before, I certainly am now.
Mycroft                       "Have you been in touch with Sherlock and John yet? Given them a list of things you need nicked from the office?"
Greg                            "Then we can get back home... bed, see what this punishment entails." I said softly as I brought my hand up to skim through his hair, being sure that he was lulled even further by my heart beat that was back to its normal rate again.
Greg                      "Me and your brother will sort all that out. We'll get a statement from John and then find anything we can about Moriarty… who he involved with, what he had to do with Seb." I explained to reassure them, hearing some strong shoes coming up the corridor and knew it was Mycroft instantly.
Mycroft                       "You've been staring at that live feed all afternoon, Greg..." I say quietly as my lips brush behind his ear.
Sherlock                   My lips curl in a sneer, "Has it occurred to you that I should be in mourning for the death of my beloved? If I don't seek out every single scrap of evidence, then Moran and this Moriarty will grow even more suspicious."
Greg                            I shut my eyes as he started kissing me lazily and I put my hand over the back of his hand to give a light squeeze. I then felt him shift under the covers, him straddling me and when I needed a breath, I looked up at his bed head and the sleep still in his eyes.
Sherlock               My posture changes, sitting up straighter and turning to face him sharply, "What?"
Moran                        Taking a deep breath, I collect myself, straining slightly on the restraints before flopping back down, sighing, "No idea. Like I said, after she spared your DI Jim gave her a choice. His life." My head towards Lestrade,"…her life or her mother's life. Apparently, it was an easy choice for the little psycho to make." My face creases in disgust. "She's grown attached to you, Lestrade."
Mycroft                       "Rough?" I ask quietly. My next thrust is a little harder, a little deeper. "Like that? Or like this?" I bit down firmly on his muscular shoulder, making him flinch a bit.
Mary and Seb didn’t make it but John's been rushed to hospital with Sherlock by his side. John was only just hanging on so prepare for the worst. GL
Greg                            "You better rest with me then Mr. Medical Advice." I grumbled but gave off an affectionate look, shuffling along with my arm in a sling to compromise for me going home so early. I did still feel tired but not as much as I thought I would.
Mycroft                     I pull up to a small coffee house not far from NSY. After placing our orders with the young purple-haired barista behind the counter, I direct him toward a corner table, and take a seat.
Mycroft                     "It's less an 45 minutes by helicopter. John, speak with the doctors and find out if Greg can safely travel. I'll not risk him again." I nod to John.
Greg                             "A couple. And I've already thought about that Sherlock." I said quietly and put my hand on his arm to make it look like I was comforting him, trying to get him to calm down to focus on the crime scene.
Greg                             "Thank you." I smile up at him as I take the mail, downing antibiotics with my coffee and glanced back at the computer screen. Mycroft hadn't seemed to mind me spending most of my time in here and I loved him rubbing my good shoulder as he stood beside me while I looked through a few letters.
Greg                             "Maybe he's just under a different name but with the same power. He'd of course have to identify his power because it's the law, but he could easily fake details... fake birth certificate." I proposed to him where he'd taken a photo of it and I know that it was a long shot, but it was still a chance. We only know that Sebastian is his true name because we triple checked.
John                            My anger swells and I step around Greg. “That’s never gonna happen! It’s over Seb!”
Stop being boring and trying to kill everyone! You've already broken one of my brothers. Mycie is a special one though. I want him to burn. in. hell.
Mycroft                     "If his wife ever catches him with Eva, that receptionist on the third floor, I expect there will be trouble..." I say with a sly grin.
Greg                             My cheeks went bright red as he seemed to look over the contents of the drawer and sex wasn’t something I'd hidden about talking about, but this was making me self-conscious. I turned my head, wiping my face with my bed shirt that had been flung around.
Mycroft                     I feel Greg lose consciousness for a moment, then his arms find their way around me. I kiss my way up his neck to his ear. "I was so afraid I had lost you..."
Moriarty                   "If your daughter is as special as you or Eurus, he won't be so kind as to just lock her up. Unless he can warp her into doing his bidding. Your sister fought back, and she is still paying the price for free will." I stand up and hit a button on my phone to have guards come. "It's almost time for me to leave for a while. I have a pet... a man... a something important to recover."
Greg                            I had to moan out loud as he pushed into me, my hips pushing back against him until our hips were together. I took a few shuddery breaths and felt something different to when we'd had sex before. It felt a lot more like there was less control on Mycroft's front and in the air, his thrusts then becoming harder and quicker than before.
Moriarty                   "No. Nonono. It is not too late!" I rush to the laptop where I can see his vitals signs via implanted monitor. His heart rate has spiked but his BP is dropping.  Sebby... My Perfect Fishy... Don't die on me."
Greg                             "Is it one that you always think about?" I smiled at the fondness look on his face, knowing he must have missed those days where they were young with Sherlock causing him a lot of stress, testing everybody that he could.
Mycroft                     I raise an eyebrow in amusement. "It appears some parts of your dream are more real than others, then."
You haven't touched it. You don't like it or you're just playing me. YOU need to quit playing games.
Dave the Druggist       I look utterly baffled, shaking my head, "I don't... remember. I just know he was ever so nice. He treated me kindly and paid me well for my work. Him and Mr. Moran."
Is there someone waiting for him at home?  Yes.  There is.  And last night that same man dropped a glass of beer onto their rug and then apologized quickly as if Sherlock had never made a mess in the flat.  He had apologized with such fervor and it hadn’t made much sense but John had given him a look with the apology.  With the beer.  With a shaky hand.  And that may have been the first time they had seen each other in quite some time.  Really watched each other.  They’d been hitting case after case and Irene had left them alone and John had apologized with a beer on the rug and a look.
So, this is why Sherlock does not say “I love you” on the tarmac, because it would be a lie.  It is so much more than that.  It sounds too simple and the amount will not be conveyed by any words.  How does one describe the feeling of being scrubbed raw until you feel like a bloody stump that has been half chewed apart, then left out in snow, staining and tainting the pure white that surrounds you with your blood?
“No. It was horrible. I hated every moment of it. She just flew in. I had no idea. She’s obviously not actually my girlfriend. It was a mutually beneficial arrangement. She was with me so that she could get famous and I was with her because she had information about a previous case. We knew we were using each other. It was fine. In fact she knows I’m gay. But sometimes she likes to put on a show if she thinks we’re being watched. She didn’t know who you were.”
“Say that again,” John says, with such a confused expression on his face it breaks Sherlock’s heart.
Sherlock laughs again, and then puts his mouth on John’s neck, and kisses his way back up to John’s lips. John hopes he never stops.
John almost keeps up the façade, goes to say something back to the Sherlock in his head but the fantasy has already been broken by the all too real memory.
“This is what he needs you to do.” Mycroft sets his teacup down and picks up his umbrella. “He wasn’t supposed to contact you. That was very stupid of him.”
Greg                             "Then show me what a dominant Mycroft can do." I moaned as I pushed my cock against his, causing a slight brush of friction and I can't think of another time where I'd been turned on this much. I'd always wanted to be more adventurous with sex, yet Caroline was rarely home or just wanted to get off herself.
Mycroft                     I let out a gasp of surprise when he moves his tongue over my balls while he continued stroking me. My breathing grew more ragged as the heat curled in my groin.
Mycroft                     "I can't come up with another explanation." I pull out my phone and start to text Anthea. "Anthea can arrive shortly to take Rosie to a secure location, if that's all right with you..." I ask.
Sherlock                     I lean back in the chair, folding my few miles of legs in front of me and sipping my tea, a raised brow encouraging him to go on, "If you stopped every time you though I'd find you idiotic then I'd believe you were a mute."
Mycroft                       Greg slept fitfully through the night, occasionally mumbling in his sleep. At least his fever seems to have broken. I start to doze off just after sunrise, when I hear his voice.
Rosie                           "I'm almost 9. Already skipped two years so I'm in 5th grade now." I look around and see Lock has disappeared. "How old are you?"
John                            “I understand. But there’s a lot of personal things... about us...” I blush a little, squeezing his hand.
Moran                        My shout of pain is loud, telling, "What the fuck? I'm telling you stuff. There's no need to get brutal."
Sherlock               I bark again, right into John's ear, "Listen. Remember who you are." There's tears on my cheeks, reaching to try and shake him hard, my face twisted in anger still, "You have to come back. You can."
John                            “He didn’t show me the door mechanism.” I look over the key pad lock. “We were in his mind palace so the door was... sort of not there.”
Greg                             I turned my head to try to get my breath back with the vibrations sending pleasure everywhere in my body and it took everything in me not to cum when I saw him stroking himself. I couldn't take my eyes off what his hand was doing around his cock, my head tilting up when he spoke.
Mrs. Price                  "What do you do Mr. Holmes? I'm sure I've heard that name before." I put down one of my shopping bags, seeing Gregory trying to sneak off in the other direction towards work.
Greg                             I was panting like my life depended on it and his name was thrown in there somewhere, it feeling like a whole new wash of pleasure splash over me as I came. It felt like I was floating and his fingers still in my hair meant that I saw a flash of him as a child, smiling and sitting on a blanket on a beach with his parents. It was only for a second, but it was powerful enough to make me collapse on top of him barely moving.
Mycroft                       "No..." My hands were shaking with the effort to keep him from easing the emotional load I had taken on over the past week. I can feel the burden slipping away, slowly.
Mycroft                       I growl a bit at the grip he has on my hair, and lunge forward, taking him as deep as possible, and giving his balls a tug. He stiffens and shudders as he cums with a surprisingly quiet whine. I swallow quickly, not missing a drop. He is breathing hard as he relaxes in the chair, his fingers unwinding from my hair, and I finally release him from my mouth with one final lick. I look up at him with a wide grin, and a sparkle in my eye.
John                            Carrying a tray with the packages of cookies and three cups of tea, I sit down on the couch next to them. “They’re types of cookies. You’ll like the Jaffa Cakes, they have chocolate.”
John                      My hand reaches up to rest over his hand on my cheek. The nurse comes in with a cup of ice and a spoon, handing it to Sherlock.
John                            “But we have to come get you. We have to finish this. You can’t do this alone. Not anymore. I won’t let you.” I can sense him so close, but I can’t feel him. “I wish I could hold you.”
Sherlock                     Glancing out the window, I see us nearing the yard, before turning back to Rosie. "Lestrade...Gary...wants me to fetch some evidence from his office. We're concerned a woman named Sally will stop me, or interfere somehow. You'll need to distract her while I work."
John                            “Guys, I’m not sure Sherlock is going to be able to just walk out of here. He’s too weak.” My hands are moving all over Sherlock’s face and neck, checking of any bumps and trying to keep him conscious.
Moriarty                   "NoPe. We're quite done with that nonsense. I simply asked to see what you'd say. Good boy, you passed." He growls a bit when I ruffle his hair. "O.m.g. you just get cuter and cuter!"
Mycroft                     I watch as Sherlock heads out to check on Rosie and the hives, then turn to John. "I know it's distasteful, but you should be of great assistance to Sherlock in his research. I can make myself available to you, if you need anything dealt with in a more personal manner."
Greg                             "Yeah, he could have come from further up with what the current is like." I rubbed my shoulder where Mycroft had bitten me, and I had been avoiding going to John or any doctor about it. I walked back to my car with Sherlock, shivering.
John                            I snort then my face falls in thought. “You told me about Sherrinford. Mycroft... he said... he was shocked when I told him. He says it’s a real place. But I must’ve heard you talk about it before...”
Greg                            "I don't think so. She was a bit clingy but that could just be through shock… grief..." I pulled back from his chest to look at him and frowned where it was such an odd question really about the daughter. I had just put her being like that to the situation we were in.
Mycroft                     "Ah. Well, she and I do have some... similarities. Tell me what you know about her?"  I motion to Greg to ease up on Seb's shoulder for a moment.
Mycroft                       "It's all right. It was her influence on you, that's all." I put a hand on his shoulder. "I was able to get quite a bit of information from her."
Mycroft                     "I am quite fit to leave, thankyouverymuch," I say stubbornly. "The doctors want to keep me for another day - for observation - but I can sleep much more soundly in my own bed."
Seb                        I throw my head back with the way he was rubbing our cocks together and with the lube that was then on my cock, I knew he was about to sink down on me. I let him lean down to kiss me and I simply rubbed my hands along his thighs, around his arse where he seemed to let me have this as a treat.
Greg                             I had been helping Mycroft sort out Rosie and we were finally heading out the door with John wearing Sherlocks deerstalker as a cover for his face. We had Mycroft’s car waiting just outside, myself being quiet as I had a pounding headache from where me and John had been arguing.
Greg                             "Hi, Mr. Campbell. I'm DI Lestrade from Scotland yard and this is my colleague Mr. Holmes. Is it alright if we speak to you for a couple minutes?" I asked and tried not to physically wince at his son screaming, obviously missing his mother.
John                            Sherlock sniffs. “Of course. She’s part John. I’m preprogrammed to love... like her.”
Greg                            "What powers does she have exactly? I assume it's something like yours?" I ask quietly, listening intently and just holding him close for comfort.
Mycroft                       "Nothing on email. I haven't gotten the information back on text messages. CCTV will take some time but may also be worth review." I nod.
Greg                            "A lawyer? Really? How do you know?" I frowned and wasn't interested in dating him at all but I'd seen him flirting with a lot of people the last I saw them, so I hadn't guessed he was in a relationship.
Mycroft                     "I would say she's doing a fine job of it." I say grimly. I really wish I could feel that Sherlock was safe, but deep down, I know he's anything but.
" I gasp, as I wrap my legs around his hips encouragingly. My legs pull him into me, and I moan in response to the sensation.
Sherlock                     I keep staring at the pill in my hand, then stash it along with the others, pulling out a bunch of rather crisp notes, "No. I'll pay you. I don't take charity and I don't take pity." I spit the words with fire in my eyes, pushing the money towards him. "I also don't trade when I'm not aware of what I'll have to give in return."
Mycroft                       I chuckle. "Yes, Sherlock never tells me what's going on, either. What time shall we start Act 2 of Sherlock's little show?"
Sherlock                   That question makes me hesitate, then shake my head, "No. I do however often replay real events here."
Mycroft                     "I saved you the trouble. " I squeezed his shoulder gently. "We should follow the ambulance to the hospital. We need to question Moran... he must have information leading us to Sherlock.”
John                            “I’m freaking out here Greg. You guys said this would work. That everything would be fine. That this would be quick. Why hasn’t he contacted us?” My words come out on in a stream of panic as I pace in the small room.
Rosie                          I jump off the arm of the chair straight into the thing, knocking him over. "You are not my father! I don’t have a father!" I pound his chest as hard as possible. "I don’t have a mother!" Tears start leaking down my face and my punches get lighter. "I. Don't. Have. Anyone!" I break down in full tears, snot, hiccups, everything.
Greg                             I groan as he kissed behind my ear and I turned onto my stomach by nudging his legs apart to leave the lube on the bed for him. I wiggled my hips and glanced over my shoulder, it now giving him a chance to see my phoenix tattoos on my shoulder blades that wrapped around my ribs too.
Greg                            I am cautious to put my other arm around him, but it happens without too much pain, my hand snaking between us to wrap around his cock to gently stroke. I flicked my thumb over his head and feel the pre cum already leaking.
Sherlock                     My teeth grit, then I move fast, grabbing the chair and dragging it back with an ear-piercing screech, flopping down in it and slamming my hand, palm up, onto the table, "I am not high."
Mycroft                     "Weapons are a must. Night vision, probably not - I think we will do fine without. If I remember the schedules correctly, there is a shift change amongst the guards about an hour before sunrise. We should time our arrival accordingly.
John                            “I can feel you!” I reach out further, grabbing his hand. It felt so solid and real.
Mycroft                     I look Seb in the eye with a cold smile, and slowly start pulling off my gloves.
Sherlock                   My eyes narrow, "I didn't go to all this trouble just to be rescued like a maiden in distress. I thought that you'd be able to take it from here and destroy his base once I lead you to it."
No one can give me back my heart. That died in the rubble with John Watson. All I want now is an ending. -SH
Mycroft                       I let my hands fall away from him, and every muscle relaxed as he lay on top of me, his weight pleasant. I kiss the top of his head with a smile.
Greg                      "Yes, of course. I'm gonna get him something to eat and then take the flight back to London while he stays with John." I had watched Mycroft trying to talk to his brother without luck, my eyes sympathetic.
Greg                             "I'll wake you when I've made something for dinner." I turned slightly to smile up at him, my hand squeezing his arm and I watched him leave to head back upstairs. My eyes skim over live feeds and I spot someone that I recognise wandering around a drug den. It makes my blood boil.
Mary                     Seb leaves us alone, leaving me immediately to turn to John, speaking quickly, "I know your powers John. No, shut up, don't talk, just listen." My hand comes up to his lips, swallowing, "There's a baby. Well, she's older now. Your daughter. I never told you. I know you'll survive this. Please, look after her..."
Surgeon                beep 4 seconds. beep beep "He... Huh... Heart Rate returning to normal. BP low but stabilizing." The nurse looks between the soldier and the young man practically laying on top of him. "How..." I swear the young man appeared out of nowhere but that's not possible. Not humanly possible at least.
Moriarty               I grab the lube that doubles as massage oil and pour it generously on his back. "You worked so hard baby. I'm going to give you the attention a good Soldier deserves when he comes home from a job well done." I rub my hands through the oil and start with a deep kneading motion on his shoulders interspersed with a few small love bites.
John                            I reach out and grab her shoulder to turn her towards me. “I’d like you to stay. We’d like you to stay. So, we can all get to know one another better.”
Mycroft                       I smile to myself, continuing to stroke him as I thrust my own aching erection against his hip. When his fingers brush over my arsehole, I shiver at the new sensation.
Greg                      "I hope so. He seemed to hang on for Sherlock." I murmured and as a police officer, I always prepared myself for worst case scenario so that I could support family members or friends. I was exhausted but still in work mode.
Sherlock                     I remain lounging in the bin bags, almost as relaxed as if I was on the sofa back at 221B, "I suppose you had better arrest me."
Seb                        "We can listen to when they have meetings, when they plan their next move and can then plan when we strike!" I beamed with the idea and thought it was just so simple with us working together. I downed my glass, now wanting to celebrate in a different way.
Mycroft                     "It's fine. Nothing to worry about.” I had him sit on the edge of the bed, kneeling down to untie his shoes.
Sherlock                   "The thing? I thought you meant sex." My nose crinkles slightly, popping a ginger nut out the packet and starting to crunch it
Seb                        I was unbelievably excited for what he was getting but did what I was told, leaning on my folded arms on my stomach and I didn't move when I heard him shut the bedroom door again.
Greg                             "Yeah, sure, sure, I knew your mum so well and never really got to meet you at any point. I can just check in on you now and again." I genuinely smiled and took my phone out, typing in the number as she read it and didn’t think much bad could come out of it with the grief she was going through.
Mycroft                     I see his hesitation. "You can touch the back of my hand. That does not trigger my ability." I whisper. To make the point, I lightly brush the back of my hand along his jaw, turning his head slightly so I can kiss his lips.
Sherlock                   I try and push past his hand, snapping, "I need to be there." I lower my voice to a hissing whisper, "John will still be in danger once they realise he survived."
Sherlock                   Reaching for the toast, I cut it in half, offering her one half as I dip my own into the soup, "That sounds very generous indeed. You must owe him a great deal."
Greg                            I frown with guilt on my face, my eyes dropping as I didn't realise I'd used it that much and it wasn't fair. "I'm sorry. I didn't realise and I certainly didn't mean to push you." I say quietly.
Mycroft                     "I suggest we make haste back the way we came." I respond to John. "Unless you know where Moriarty is, brother."
Greg                             I could feel the sting of bite marks from both shoulders, but I couldn't really focus on them because of how roughly he was pounding into me. My nails were digging into wood, my voice beginning to vary in pitch where just any touch from him made my skin feel like it was on fire.
Sharon Price             Outside the nice fireman and paramedics and fussing over me, putting a mask over my tear streaked face. My eyes are alert though and eager, watching as that wonderful DI goes haring into the building, "Please, don't let him get hurt." I sob into the oxygen mask
Greg                            "It's a bit sore but nothing major. You can just chuck that other suit that I took off yesterday, its ruined." I waved as I sat down and sipped at the coffee gently, opening a few pieces of work email and then what looked like a personal letter. At first glance I thought it was from my ex-wife but when I saw a photo of myself getting out of the wreckage, my face fell.
Rosie                           "What’s up? What's with all the yelling?" I had been texting with Charlie bout being a secret agent. We were trying to come up with a cool spy name.
Sherlock                   "You won't like this next part." I murmur, finally slipping my hands away from Mycroft and reaching towards John's shoulder to clasp it. "We need to keep you hidden as I… grieve." The word doesn't fit well into my mouth, making my nose wrinkle.
Greg                      "I'm sure but you'll need a change of clothes and something to eat if you're going to sit here with John..." I watched him clutch John's hand and then flickered up to John's vitals again.
Mycroft                       "Very." I kiss his cheek. "Very good. Amazing." I trace a finger lazily along his chest. "For you, as well." I chuckle. I could see that his experience was very similar to my own, in fact.
John                            I reenter the sitting room from having splashed water on my face in the bathroom. Hearing them fighting just brought back the anger. “What are you both still doing here?! Sherlock is out there! Probably going to get himself killed and you two are standing here having out a domestic in our living room??!”
Sherlock                     My nose crinkles in dismay and distaste at the mess Lestrade has got himself in, before turning back to the body and starting to inspect it, crouching down, "Impossible to tell if drugs were used before we get the blood samples done." My hand touches the man's face, "No swelling or discolouration to the lips or skin though, past what two days in the Thames would do."
Mycroft                       "Finding a way to draw either of them out might be a challenge. We don't know where they are, and we don't have a clear picture of what Jim looks like." I frown.
John's eyes widen, staring at Mary in horror, then the building explodes, his vision fading to white...then black...
Greg                             "It's gonna take a while but we can look through CCTV of when she left the house. Follow the car and you can do that, if you'd like... Department of transport and all." I said confidently at first and then got a bit quiet, trying to show him that I was always going to hold his hand. I'd let him be independent.
Mycroft                     I continue nudging his shoulder. "John, Greg is out of surgery. We can see him now."
Sherlock                   I read the text with trembling hands and lips, before making my way to the room that once rang out with music. Mycroft on the grand piano, myself and Eurus with our violins...it's silent now as I open the doors, stepping in and wincing. Mummy lays across the worn sofa, where she used to sit and listen to us play. Her skin is tinted with a paleness, her lips blue. I don't need to go closer to realise she's also dead. Dead. Just like the others...like everyone in Holmes manor.
Greg                            "But you can do the right thing now Eurus. help us with Moriarty so you know he's not going to hurt us or anybody else anymore. I know you care about your brothers and love your brothers." I said slowly as I felt the knife push against the small cut already there and I gently put my hand to her side.
Moran                        Sparing a last glare at the DI, I turn my attention back to Holmes, sneering, "Jim wanted her to dispose of your pet there." My head jerks towards Lestrade. "He's not as powerful enough to be part of our new world order and frankly, was getting on our tits a little with his nosy attitude."
Sally                            "Sure. It's just through here." I show Rosie and watch her run off and I have to smile, my eyes then turning back to Sherlock where he did look rough. Shriveled. Still grieving and looked close to a breakdown.
Greg                            I made an offt noise as he pulled me away from the door and hoped the men outside just thought this was a normal business meeting. I was pushed up against the wall next to the window, my lips being attacked viciously as our hips ground together. It was exhilarating doing this in his office.
John                            “Um... whatever you like.” I point through the door and down the stairs. “Sherlock.” Then I point to myself. “John.”
Greg                             "It’s only a flat. I can always get another one." I shook my head with a small chuckle, being glad that she was alive at least as a human life couldn’t be replaced more than a flat could. I rubbed her back and stood her up when she seemed to be calmed down enough.
Mycroft                       I stepped into the bathroom and turned on the shower, stepping in as the steam began to rise. I had a spike of concern as I realized that at some point, I'd taken off my gloves... I didn't really know when that had happened, but at least I didn't seem to be suffering any ill effects from it. I hoped I could find them...
John                            “Sherlock... we talked about not doing... the thing. In front of her.”
John                            Sherlock’s voice is loud and seems to pull me back under. “I’m here. I miss you.”
John                            “In your mind palace, you mean? What kinds of things?” My hand reaches up behind us to rest on the back of his neck.
Greg                             "We'll be fine after all this is finished.  Don’t think she minds me bringing men home as long as I’m quiet about it." I joked as I got up and saw him roll his eyes, my lips pecking his head as he put his phone to his ear to notify his driver to take me to my flat.
The police will blame you, say 'Sherlock went mad'. You are a fugitive whose whole life has... disappeared.  Or you can come to me and sweet oblivion. You can be my Second in Command. We can rule the World. Make it soooo much better. You can have Rosie and never have to feel sad again.
John                            I down the rest of my beer and head to the guest bedroom and get into bed myself.  I strip off my shirt and try to get settled under the covers. The bed was cold but I screwed my eyes shut and tried to relax. After a while, I eventually drifted off to sleep.
Greg                            "A crown... I could look into the connotations of it but it doesn't throw any immediate connections at me." I said as I leant on his desk for a moment and scratched my chin lazily.
Mycroft                       I throw my head back when he cums, and his muscles grip me even tighter than before, rippling and pulsing around my cock. A few more strokes and my cries of ecstasy replace his, I collapse onto him, my hands caressing his chest and arms gently, breathing heavily.
Sherlock                   I listen for a moment, then grin at John. "Single press. Hard pressure. Cut short." We say the next word together, "Lestrade!"
Greg                      I was quite on board with us surprising John in Tel Aviv, it being an important last case with him and it meant Mary would be more out of the picture for them. I was trying to catch a bit of sleep on the plane, but it was short-lived with my wrist set going off, it connected to my phone to buzz when I got calls/text messages.
Sherlock                     My own tone lowers, become serious, urgent, "They don't think as we do. Learn to listen to them though. They have the social cues we lack and..." I fall silent as Rosie trots past, then get up, "Lestrade is a little unwell Rose Marie."
Greg                            I swore under my breath at the time and then stretched out a little, my whole body aching like I'd been in the boxing ring. My head still hurt a little and I was trying to think of a way to let work now that I was going to be late but also leaving early due to the car crash yesterday.
After dinner, Sherlock and John helped Molly and Greg clean up the table and kitchen. Sherlock hugged Harry goodbye and John couldn’t help but think how sweet it was, that he was being so kind to someone he hardly knew. Sherlock told Greg he would be seeing him soon, and told Molly that it would be lovely to see her again. John didn’t know if he meant any of this, but it didn’t matter. He was saying those things for John’s benefit.
“Intimacy is the art of licking wounds. And it’s taken me years to let anyone kiss me when my lips were chapped.”
“You know I didn’t,” Sherlock responds. His eyes are wide and his brows are pulled together with worry. He’s sitting across from John at the kitchen table. All the lights in the flat are off, but John can still see the outlines of his face. He’s too thin. He’s not eating enough.
Sherlock wanted to wash the taste of John out of him.  He wanted to reject him.  At least once.  To show him that he wasn’t obliged to fuck him, that he didn’t want to fuck him every moment.  But he never did.  He did many times however throw fits when John would leave the house to do anything.  Even if it was just for the shopping.  Sherlock had become disgustingly obsessed.  Whenever John wasn’t there, he’d pull at his hair, bite his lips raw, pull at his skin, rubbing at the marks that John had left on his skin.  This wasn’t right, none of this was right.
“The only reason I didn’t take you with me was because you would have been a liability.  And I don’t mean that you wouldn’t have been capable.  I mean that I would have been distracted.  Could you imagine if we were separated?”
“You’re really really done then?” John asks. Harry breaks out her cigarettes. John eyes her but she rolls her eyes in response.
way. Turns out that’s the wrong train of thought. Thinking about Sherlock in that way makes John cough into his fist and adjust himself on his barstool.
“Of course!” John said in a rush, then opened the door fully. Sherlock stepped inside. There was something off about him. His bottom lip quivered, and his eyes looked red, as though he had been crying. When Sherlock removed his coat John saw that his hands were shaking. “Sherlock, what is it?”
It wouldn’t have been a problem except that John starts to think he’s seeing him in the waking hours too. As if Sherlock is just walking around London, watching John in the shops and at the clinic and following him to the trains.
“That’s it! I don’t care what you tell me!  You’re coming home with me.  I’m calling a cab,” Sherlock shouts.  John has never seen Sherlock be so angry with him.  He supposes it’s more frustration than anything else.
John tried to keep his face neutral, but he was wildly intrigued. He couldn’t imagine anything about Sherlock’s life being any less than perfect.
Harry dropped a fork onto the table and ran to show him down the hall. As soon as they were out of the room Molly pounced on John.
It takes Sherlock a full minute but he does catch up.  He blinks rapidly for a few moments and manages to shut his mouth.
“That sounds perfect,” John said. Mrs. Hudson would cover. Or the shop could be closed. It could be closed indefinitely. It didn’t matter.
“He’s released all of the most dangerous criminals that were previously locked up, he’s robbed numerous banks, millions of dollars stolen, and he’s done all of this with the touch of a button. He has a code of some sort. And now I think he’s going to try to kill me.”
“I need to go home.” John gives her a tight lipped smile. He feels like he’s cheated. Sherlock isn’t is boyfriend though. He never was.
When he gets back to Baker Street he feels like a drowned rat.  He leaves puddles of water on the stairs and hardly even acknowledges it.  He can’t help it.  He walks through the door and John is at the desk, typing away.  Being beautiful in a hideous sweater.  He is only wearing socks.  John had lit the fire and as Sherlock takes in the scene he realizes how lucky he is.  To have someone waiting for him at home.  Even if it isn’t necessarily in the way he wants John to be waiting.  Or maybe it is, given the look.
John sits in his chair, holding the note in both of his hands, turning the small piece of paper over and over. The tea at his elbow has gotten cold.
He has kept a room just for John for a while now.  Possibly from the beginning.  It gets hard to keep track.
He accidently sobs against John’s mouth and he doesn’t know if he’s even embarrassed.  He has no idea how he looks right now but it doesn’t matter because John’s right hand is against his spine and his left hand is in Sherlock’s hair.
“You know what I mean,” Harry whispers.  She’s staring at him across her table.  “I’m your sister.  I grew up with you, and I know that you used to talk to a boy for hours on the phone during breaks from Uni.  I hid enough relationships from Mum and Dad, and you.  I’m not stupid.”  She pulls a pack of cigarettes out of her jeans pocket and offers John one.  He takes it, unsure why.  She pours him more wine.
“Good decision,” Sherlock said, and it came out so softly that John almost missed it entirely. “But John. The fame? It isn’t really real. And please don’t forget. I’m also just a boy. Standing in front of a boy. Asking him to love him.”
“Sherlock, do you understand what I’m trying to say?  I love you.  I loved you for a very long time and death did nothing to change that.”
“Sherlock?  I know you don’t mean it that way but it is sort of not good to laugh when someone tells you that.”
The color John’s tea turns when it is completely steeped and ready for consumption is the exact color of Victor Trevor’s eyes.  A warm brown, his skin being just a bit lighter.  Sherlock would kiss this boy and his elegantly long Indian nose during his University days in his dorm room on the third floor.  This dorm room (the first room) is where Sherlock goes when he wants to remember that once, someone liked him.  Like John does.  (But also not like John does).
In the back of the cop car, they are alone save for the policeman in the front, but they’re separated by bars, so it’s fine.  John’s head is pounding a little, and he’s still completely wasted.  Images are going in and out.
The man won’t leave the flat to go buy milk but he’ll order John’s favorite Indian dish without ever having asked what it was in the first place.
“All right?” Molly asks, the age old question.  There’s only one real answer anyone can respond with.
So John does.  Sherlock is starting to feel the alcohol.  He feels warm and smooth and watching John is lovely.  Sherlock can feel his eyelids getting heavy and he feels the desire to reach out and run his hands through John’s hair.  It looks soft.
When Mary is gone, putting John back together is not easy, but after everything else Sherlock has done for him, it doesn’t feel like much.
The hotel gave him a bit of a hard time. The message was in fact a few days late. But as soon as John said the name ‘Basil’ they put him through to Sherlock.
They make their way down the tracks until they get to the train.  They go inside and it should be horrifying, but it’s thrilling: the fact that the entire thing is a bomb. Sherlock actually looks worried though.  When John finds that Sherlock cannot turn the bomb off, it gets a little muddled.
John dashed out the door and headed towards the theater. He paid for a ticket in a rush and met Sherlock inside, holding a package of candy and smirking at him from the middle row.
“Why am I not helping him?” John asks. He pronounces each syllable with care. He breathes out of his nose and counts to ten.
“I knew I had to die so that nobody else would.  So Mycroft and I planned it.  I went to Japan first.  I was there for three days,” Sherlock says.  He pauses, then looks up from his hands.  “I missed you,” Sherlock whispers.  He looks down again.
“You should, but I know why you don’t, why you haven’t.  It’s okay.  It started out my fault but things always get in the way.”
John tugs his shirt off and lets Sherlock’s hand continue to wander.  It finds John’s scar on his shoulder, and traces patterns inside of the raised skin.  Sherlock’s mouth comes down onto the scar suddenly and John can’t help but gasp.
“Please, John, God,” he sputters, and John looks up, and he can’t help the satisfied grin that he knows is plastered across his face.
Finally he takes Sherlock in his mouth and it doesn’t take long but the way Sherlock says his name makes him feel like he’s finally done something right with his life.
John would love very much to simply fall asleep, instead of staring at walls, at the petty images his mind brings into focus, the ones he plays with: it’s like playing in his own blood, picking at a scab.  It’s morbid and stupid and very awful.  Very Not Good.  He hates how pathetic he is, isn’t sure going to see his therapist is better or worse, but it needs to be better.  He hasn’t told her how much he’s been drinking, but he wonders if she can see it in the way his hands shake.
He doesn’t get a reply, and that really is too telling.  But perhaps it’s also telling that Mycroft didn’t ask for any proof this time.
They arrive home after hours of travel.  Mary had fallen asleep with her head on John’s shoulder when the plane had landed and they had arrived back in London.
“He was a bit too wild if you ask me, like he would shoot holes in the wall if you let him,” Mrs. Hudson said, nodding her head.
John clenched and unclenched his fist, then called out to Mrs. Hudson. He rubbed at the back of his neck, the tension there growing, and tried not think about Sherlock Holmes.
Over the next two days, Sherlock allows John more than John ever thought he would get.  John holds his hand inside of cabs and at Bart’s, causing Molly to give a surprised look but to not say anything.  John kisses Sherlock’s forehead before heading to bed, and tells him he loves him while doing so.
“She told me she did it as…retribution. Her last name isn’t Romans.  It’s Moran,” Sherlock says.  John finds he’s staring at the mantel.  He isn’t sure how long he’s been staring at it.  He’s tired, and he can’t feel much of anything yet, but he knows for certain that in time, he will.
John                            I blow on my coffee a bit then my eyes shoot up. “Your sister? I thought she was in a secure location?”
Sherlock                     My eyes meet his firmly, intense, dropping my usual barriers so he can read me utterly, knowing he'll see the truth of my plans
Mycroft                     "Mary would see the child a few times a month. She lived with Mary's cousin the majority of the time. Her life in New York was... less than optimal, as I understand it.
Greg                            "I know but to move forward, we can't have secrets. I mean, you can ask me whatever you want to know, whether there's something you've always wanted to." I rub his arm and feel the affection running between the both of us. It was warm, a little bit of tension but not much.
Mycroft                     I nod at my brother, who nods back and returns to the living room. I glance at Greg, who is pretending to be deeply engrossed in his phone. "I'm sorry, if I've made you self-conscious. It was not my intention." I say quietly.
Greg                             "It will sound completely idiotic Sherlock, believe me." I sigh as I rolled my eyes a little and couldn't believe he was actually asking me this
Mycroft                     "Agreed. Despite how you may feel, I think we are stronger together." I nod. "Right now, we need to figure out his next move, and step in before he has an opportunity to execute it."
Sherlock                   "As much as it pains me to admit, my brother is right." My tone is slightly bitter at that, keeping John still well covered behind me, "Why try and take over the country and change the whole structure, when you can work with existing structures to change things for the better for metas?"
Nurse                    With trembling hands, I sew up the body’s shoulder. He will need constructive surgery to fix the star shaped pattern that looks almost like it's starting to scar even though the wound is fresh. This isn't possible... There's no way a wound could do that. We put him on his side, so I can clean and sew the exit wound. It too appears to be scarring. The doctor seems as shocked as myself by this... What is this exactly? A miracle? An Alien? I don't know. I do know I'll be clocking off early and head to the nearest bar.
John                             I grab Rosie on the arm and try to drag her towards the front of Mycroft’s flat.
Greg                            "Where am I?" I frowned where he came more into focus but then the gentle ache of my arm made me frown even more. It was an odd feeling to not know the time, where I was and what had happened afterwards.
Mycroft                       I jump a bit as his teeth graze my tongue, and he nips at my lip. I pull back, nipping at his collar bone as I shift over him, straddling his hips, my hand still wrapped around his shaft. I stroke him slowly and look down at him. "Is this what you want?" I run my free hand along chest as he gasps for breath.
Mycroft                     I roll my eyes at Sherlock, and glare at John. "You would think, with the trouble we've gone through, he'd be more appreciative..."
Mycroft                       “I only needed your help to get Greg into the car, Sherlock... You didn't need to come to the hospital with us. But thank you.”
Mycroft                       I knock lightly on my office door and walk in, to find Greg fast asleep at my desk. I chuckle to myself and shake his uninjured shoulder to wake him. "Greg... Greg..." I say quietly. "Dinner is here. You should eat something."
John                            “So it would seem. Sherlock showed me everything. He told me to let you... see. That you would know what to do.”
Mycroft                     I try to reach my parents a few more times without success, becoming more worried and agitated as we approached the house. I pull into the driveway and shut off the engine, staring at the quiet house.
Rosie                           "How do you detective stuff if you don't have powers?" Weird... "Are you married? Have kids?" I'm running out of things to ask and Papa, err Sherlock, isn't back yet.
Sherlock                   "This is really happening." My legs unfold, taking me to the ground to stand, "I have never given any thought to children, apart from how to avoid them in public areas"
Greg                      I clench my jaw but stand my ground, "He has just come round from being on life support and has a head injury. All he gave us was that Seb betrayed them and said he was working with someone called Moriarty." I explained tightly.
Sherlock                     My shoulders relax slightly, nodding to my brother, my fingers start flicking in what would seem to outsiders to be a nervous, anxious little tic, "What would you expect? How could you ever understand what I'm going through?" I snap loudly
Rosie                          I briefly glance at the new person. "Who’s that?" I whisper to Gigantor. "The British Government," he replied.
Mycroft                       I look surprised and relieved. "I am glad to hear that my feelings are reciprocated. And I will do my best in the future to communicate better."
Greg                            "How did he know about it?" I met his eye, not knowing the whole story with Eurus and everything anyway. We'd never really had that full conversation.
Rosie                           "Umm... Lock? Why are you guys yellin’ while there’s a naked guy on the floor with John?" I reach into the fridge for the juice John and I picked out together at Tescos.
Sherlock               I grab my own phone, starting to text Mycroft and that useless assistant of his frantically
Eurus                         "We could rule." My arms are moving now, struggling, until there's a sickening crunch, my thumb dislocating, one hand wrenched from the cuffs to fly at Mycroft with a wild look in my eyes, "I can show you better ways."
Greg                            "Yeah. That was last year for their birthday that I took them to Brighton. And I’m meant to have my face painted like a fox, if you couldn’t make it out." I smiled over at it fondly, trying not to show the sadness where I missed them a lot but also missed having the chance of having my own kids.
Sharon Price          My arms wrap around one of his, leaning into him and resting my forehead on his bicep, "Do... do you have anyone now?"
Sherlock                   With a last spurt, I curl up, then flop back down onto the bed, moaning in pure bliss, "I know this is real John, as I don't have the imagination to consider something like this happening."
Greg                            "I love you... so much..." I sniffed as he wiped my tears away and he shifted beside me to clean us both up. It was a relief to finally say those words and with us going to Sherrinford tomorrow, it meant a lot to be in this place with him.
Sherlock                   After a few moments of work, I suddenly gasp, taking a shuddering, weak breath by myself.
Sherlock                     "What have you done?" I snap, a little unnerved at seeing Lestrade so ill after I had spent the last few days feeling smug for getting them back together. With a few strides I was backing Mycroft into the kitchen
Sherlock               My arm comes up, trying to slide our hands together once more, "I'm not sure how to make this easier."
Greg                            "Mrs. Price's flat was set on fire. my flat destroyed with it." I said softly even though I was shivering through my soaked clothes and it seemed very much like when I had been pushed off the road. I peeled my coat off, my face fallen and my heart heavy.
Mycroft                       My hand strokes up his inner thigh lightly, cupping his balls as I start to move my mouth along his shaft, sucking him in until he hits the back of the throat, then pulling back, running my tongue around his head.
Greg                            "I don't want to push you until you're uncomfortable like I am, so we'll take it in small steps. And I accept your apology..." I explained as I put down my mug, folding my hands on the table and watching him stare into his own mug.
Mycroft                     I raise an eyebrow. "Do I have a choice?" I said with a smile.  "I do hope Anthea is planning something for my brother and his doctor, as well. They have earned it as much as we have."
Mycroft                     A few more thrusts and I cry out with my own release. I collapse on top of him, utterly drained, and gasping for breath.
Greg                      "Fuck... fuck, Sherlock, let them work." I finally breathed out when we heard the monitor beeping, signaling his heart rate coming back. I took Sherlock back behind the glass and watched the doctors getting John back to a point where they could put him on life support.
Mycroft                     "This entire situation with Moriarty is beginning to wear on me, that's all." I sigh. "We need to see if we can trace that phone number my sister gave you... I need to find out how she is involved."
Moriarty                   "I've lost Eurus to her Mind Palace and Seb to your DI." We start up a flight of stairs that will lead to my private balcony. "All I have left now is you."
Sherlock                     "Because he thinks you're some of strong, in control person who actually knows what they're doing in life." My own temper flares a little, snapping back at him with curling lips
Rosie                          "How can one person be a whole government? Are you like the President or something?"
Mycroft                     "He is to contact us this afternoon - perhaps that will be reassuring." I nod. "I could tell Greg is bothered by your little disagreement. I do hope you two can settle things."
Mycroft                     I reach over with my bare hand and touch Greg's wrist. I gasp a little at the emotions and sensations that come flooding into my head, only managing to maintain the contact for a moment before I pull my hand away. "You should really have that rib looked at, if it's hurting that much." I looked him in the eye.
John                            “I know, Love. I know you’re sleepy.” I look up at Mycroft. “How are we getting out of here?”
Sherlock                   I can't resist, leaning in to peck his ear, before starting to hurry him back down into the corridors, making him walk behind me now as I recall the exact movements of Moriarty, allowing John to see the scanners and cameras, the pressure plates and paths, "Mycroft may find this information useful. It may allow him to see what has changed since his last time here and maybe figure out a way to overcome it."
Greg                             "Well off you fuck then. I'm obviously not needed and I'm sure you can do this by yourself so go ahead. Be my guest." I snarled. It hit hard to hear that from him. I waved at the door, my jaw now painful with how hard I was clenching it.
Rosie                           "Oh. Really?? Please please please can I go?" I give John my best puppy eyes.
Mycroft                       "No trouble... it's not one of my favorites anyway." I smile a little. "Do you want to tell me about it?" I asked as he finally stopped shaking.
Sherlock                   My long strides carry me towards the sofa, sitting down besides Rosie and peering at her, "Why did you shut that? I find it hard to believe John managed to set up all your accounts and the proper parental locks so soon. Especially when he can't even figure out how to post images to his blog."
Mycroft                     Once the waves of pleasure eased, and I melt into a contented, relaxed state. "Mmmm..." I sigh happily. "That was very good..." I start to reach for him, but he moves up alongside me before my hand reaches his shoulder, laying his head on my chest quietly. I put my hand back on the pillow without touching him.
Greg                             "Rough. What's happened?" I asked quietly.  It felt like I'd been hit by a bus. I looked over my hands and legs to see them uninjured, my eyes then going over to him stretching.
Greg                             "Right... so... we’re going to be able to read one another? I mean, I can sort of tell what mood you're in when we're in the room together but when I touch you, I can't exactly see the emotions like you do." I said slowly and didn't think my power was that weak really.
John                            “It depends on how hard you hit him.” I bend down and start palpating the back of his head. I open his eyes checking his pupils.
Rosie                          "Me Rosie." I say in a sarcastic tone. "I'm not Tarzan! I know your names, duh. But what do I call you?"
Mycroft                     I sifted through some more paperwork, selecting a number of files to take home, and spoke briefly with Anthea regarding Mr. Parsons' security matters. The weather was turning quickly - I was glad to take the Range Rover home this evening, as the roads were turning treacherous. I successfully navigated the winding road to my home, and in no time, was sitting in my study with my evening reading and a glass of brandy, in front of a roaring fire.
John                            “Our initial meeting yesterday, was a bit… strained.” Sherlock says. “Yeah. A bit. She was under the impression that I didn’t want her. That we didn’t want her. But we’re working through it. I think it’s going to be OK.” I look at Sherlock for reassurance. He gives me a small nod.
Sherlock                     My heels kick against the bare metal of the uncomfortable chair, my gaze sweeping around the interrogation room. Sally has left me there with a few kindly words and a large cup of coffee. The good stuff. From the coffee maker in Lestrade's office and not the terrible machine in the foyer. She didn't tell me, but I know that means my brother is on his way.
Sherlock                   Taking a breath, I pull myself together, shaking my head, "Too risky. Call your people and have them hold off, Mycroft. We have to disarm the security system before idiot soldiers go trampling through here and blow us all up." pausing, I glance over at John, "No offense."
Rosie                          I'm not an idiot. "Rubber is bad for honey but I did leave it alone. Next time use silicone unless you WANT it to degrade." I turn back to the blonde. "I wasn't hurt or lost. It's fine now."
Greg                             I moan into the rough kiss as our teeth clang together and I pull the sleeves on my jacket to get it on the floor before my shirt was forcefully pulled off my shoulders. He was still wearing gloves but his hands all over me as we kissed was electric, his erection being thrusted against my hip and it seemed he was in charge.
Greg                            "I know and I imagine she's just Moriarty’s little pet like Seb is. Doing whatever he tells us, and I know she destroyed Mrs. Price flat and mine to keep us together. Trying to break us with how stressful the situation is." I sighed myself and looked over him.
Greg                      "Shit. That's all we fucking need." I slumped down into the chair to put my head in my hands, knowing it seemed a bit dramatic but I'd already been awake for 18 hours and knew it was going to be a long while before I'd sleep again.
Moriarty                   "It’s true. They did. They didn't even have the good grace to keep Rose Marie. They spawned her off to that assistant of his." People think I don't know who and what Anthea is but I'm not clueless. "As long as she's there we should just leave her be. Once you're all set up and comfy you and I will go get her." I pull him back from the edge of the trail we're on. "Be careful. Once false step and ... ... BOOM no more Locky, no more me, no more island."
John                            “Yeah. Um. Sherlock’s got some Honey Loops up here somewhere.” I say, opening up some cupboards.
Sherlock                   My lips purse, taking in her story and nodding, "You suspect he may be behind your sister's illness? As a way to control you."
Greg                            I'd just pushed Mycroft to the back of my mind when I got to the crime scene, it being a body at the edge of the Thames that had only been in the water a couple hours. I was keeping an eye out for anyone suspicious, but the body was like something out of Frankenstein.
"This one is in pretty bad shape... a wall came down right on his skull, so there are no identifiable facial features," the doctor said quietly, recovering Mary's body and moving toward the other victim, pulling the cover back. I grimaced in disgust, and cautiously reached for the wrist. A confused look crossed my expression. "This... is not Sebastian Moran," I said. I gripped the wrist tighter. "Seb shot him... likely long before the detonation. He was a decoy."
Greg                            "Was there anyone else he worked with? Anyone he spoke with on a phone maybe?" I sat back a smidge to give Oliver breathing space and thankfully we'd put an official police sign on the door, so we weren't going to be disturbed.
Sherlock                   There's the very brush of fingertips against John's, "I can't get an erection right now. Moriarty is sure to be watching."
Sherlock                   My jaw works as I accept the chocolate, allowing it to slide down my throat as I swallow. The action seems to bring me around a little, my eyes fluttering open but still with a glazed, confused look.
Sherlock                   "Even in my sleep you ask illuminating questions John." The white mist wavers a little, bringing a touch of warm, "I'm dreaming of course. Maybe I'm wandering my mind palace and speaking with you there? My Mind palace John is usually aware he is a figment of my imagination though. Interesting."
Sherlock                   "There's no risk of my brother finding us?" My gaze sweeps around, trying to locate cameras or sensors as we go, being careful to both step where Moriarty does and record his exact movements. "Once I have Rosie brought here, he may decide to attempt a rescue."
John                            “Then you shouldn’t have made me chase you up the stairs for no reason.” I sit down next to him on the bed.
Mary                     "That's insane." I attempt to drag myself closer to John, retaining my fiery temper though, "The meta aren't the superior species. They're just different. I'm not Meta but we've still worked together all these years." I turn my pleading eyes back on Seb now from John's side, "Please, get us help. You can tell our people all about this Moriarty and we can hunt him down, together. We've been a team too long for you to just leave us here Seb." John closes his eyes, then attempts to nod, his shoulder a ruined mess, "She's right Seb. We have too much history. Just... call our handlers for help."
Mycroft                       I walked quietly around the room, rocking the little boy gently as he cooed and babbled at me. With Greg and Mr. Campbell deep in conversation, I heft the baby up to my shoulder, carefully holding him in one arm while slipping off one of my gloves with the other. I take a seat at the far end of the room, and I cradle him again, supporting him with my bare hand. Infants may not be able to communicate as effectively as adults, but they do 'record' sounds they hear - sounds later used to form spoken language. Much of what they hear and see comes across as a jumble, but I was able to make out a visualization of the child's mother speaking on a telephone, and a few of the words spoken. "There, now, little Rowan," I whispered to the baby, "We will see if we can find your mother for you." I rose and returned to where Simon and Greg were chatting.
Sherlock                   The rest of my clothes are shed as I slip down the bed, tongue teasing and caressing downwards as I go, swirling in his dark blond fuzz and renewing my memory of his body
Greg                            "What about this?" I whispered as I then ran my tongue up the side of his cock rather than going straight for the tip and I could feel the sheets tensing where he was pulling at them. I kept stroking him, even skimming my other hand over his balls to then rub at his thigh.
Mrs. Lipton             "Just sit here, deary, your eggs will be ready in a few minutes" I wink at him and busing myself with the cooking
Sherlock                     My arms wrap around John happily, kissing his ear and jaw while he berates Lestrade.
John                            “We’re not here to play games.” I gesture with the barrel of my gun. “Get up, I said.”
John                             “Stop it!” I call over my shoulder. “Why does everything have to turn into a domestic with you three! Sherlock. A flannel, please.”
Mycroft                     I take the phone from her, and dial Greg's number. It goes to voicemail, so I call John.
John                            “That includes you. No matter what he says or thinks.” I give him a soft smile.  “I would never exclude you.”
Greg                             "Uh, no, no, no chance. You're coming with me back to Mycroft’s. I'll have to sort out the paperwork later on, but we need to sort this out." I grab his shoulder angrily, staring to pull him back down the alley where we can hail a cab from somewhere.
Sherlock               My eyes start to flutter, before finally I speak, halting and emotionless, "John...doesn't know? But Mycroft knew."
Greg                            "And you said I was jealous." I chuckle as I grin back at him and got out of the car, looking at him over the bonnet, "I'll tell you later when we’ve got more time, when we don't have all this shit going on. But his name was Aaron." I proposed where we had more pressing matters at hand.
Rosie                          "Bees are easy. Puppies aren’t too hard. Cats are cray cray. I kinda get whisperies from mice and ferrets but only the pet kinds. The wild kinds don't think like the pet ones do."
Sherlock                     My legs fail to hold me, staggering back till I grab the edge of the desk, my hair flattened to my forehead with sweat, skin pale and eyes washed out and bleak
Mycroft                     "Let's go back to my flat and make plans, then. Assuming they will release Greg?" I look at John expectantly.
Greg                            "Yeah... sure, sure, I knew your mum so well and never really got to meet you at any point. I can just check in on you now and again." I genuinely smiled and took my phone out, typing in the number as she read it and didn’t think much bad could come out of it with the grief she was going through.
John                            Turning, I try and take in as many details as I can. “We know where you are. How do we get to you? How do we get you out?” I say a little frustrated.
John                            I stalk down the hall after him. “No! Sherlock! You can’t do this alone!”
Greg                      I bark back at the search and rescue, pointing to a pocket of rubble where someone could squeeze through and Sherlock was obviously going to be that one person. I rubbed my face anxiously and didn't know exactly what I could do to help.
Mycroft                     I roll my eyes. "Of course. Try not to disable it right away, this time?" I round the corner into the kitchen and stop short, seeing Greg sitting at the table. "Oh... good morning, Lestrade..." I nod.
Mycroft                       I look at Greg and shudder, like the room has suddenly become icy. "What the hell happened? Where's John?"
Sherlock                   "Of...me?" I look unsure, then glance over to John, "You could take some of your father? It's best to do it when he's unaware or he pulls a variety of faces that he believes are charming. I've told him they just make him look like he needs the toilet."
Sally                            "I’m 31." I chuckled a little, setting up my computer so I could show her a few things. "So you're interested in a career in the police force? Like your dad?"
Moriarty               "You better not. The consequences would be... severe." Seb has already been on the receiving end of a few of my consequences. Most he learned to enjoy, some not so much. "Carry me to the bed and tell me alllll about it."
Mycroft                       Stifling a giggle, I drive away from NSY, focused on getting home as quickly as possible.
Sherlock                     "What?" I snap, then sink down into the seat, all the fight going out of me as I fold my arms, lips pouting into a sulk, "Fine!"
Greg                            "Yeah, I don't really need to stick around for the officers. Or answering why I shot the guy who's fighting for his life now." I muttered where I was still feeling guilty, my hand stopping him start the car for a minute, so I could pull his face to mine so I could kiss him. I'd been terrified and thought I was going to die in there for a moment.
Mycroft                       John and I help Greg sit upright. He's groggy, but awake. I put another cool flannel on the back of his neck... he's definitely feverish. "Greg..." I speak quietly to him.
Mycroft                       "Having Sherlock on the inside will make it easier to get Moran, but it may also make Moran less valuable." I sit at the table. "Stop pacing, Greg - sit for a moment."
Greg                             "True... He's just a car salesman… a good one at that but I think I did alright for myself." I leant up to kiss my neck to say I'd done alright with him rather than my job and he'd had the kids our parents had wanted to be grandparents when I was all about the job.
Mycroft                       I finish getting dressed - opting to just tuck my tie in my pocket for now, since I'm heading home for a change of clothing anyway - and open the bedroom door. "Greg... where are my gloves?"
Sherlock                   "Fascinating." I inject a little, real interest into my voice, He really is fascinating. "Is that wise? My brother would know how to get past all this, if he ever manages to get off his knees and his mouth off cock for two minutes of course."
Moriarty                   "I see we're a bit feisty today, hmm. Let's go walk some of that poor attitude off." I walk away from him and take almost the same path as yesterday. He will follow, or he won't.
Sherlock’s voice is warm and deep. It’s positively lovely to hear. John thinks about reaching out and touching Sherlock’s shoulder, but then remembers he can’t do that. He thinks back to his last days with Sherlock, before the madman ran off without him. What was it that Sherlock had said, the thing about the man that got shot in front of them?
He cries a bit, but only a bit when he is back upstairs.  He falls asleep eventually, but not before he hears Sherlock’s own bedroom door close.
John drags himself up the seventeen steps up to 221B, takes off his coat, and immediately pours himself scotch.
John tries to imagine Sherlock’s rage, Sherlock’s discomfort, Sherlock’s rejection, by far the worst: Sherlock’s pity.
John misses him. He misses him so much. It’s only been two weeks but Christ, does he miss him. There’s no way to know when he’ll be back, but this is at least a small mercy, knowing that he isn’t dead. It’s a comfort and a frustration to know that the Gangly Nightmare is wandering the world, off having some sort of grand adventure, and John is here alone in Baker Street. John looks at the tea cup with the cold tea. He wants to throw the tea cup at the wall. He doesn’t. Instead, he gets up and dumps the tea down the drain.
John’s heart is beating so quickly it hurts.  It’s beating faster than when he’s entered a war zone, bullets whizzing past.  It’s beating faster than the night at the pool; this is much more important than death.  He feels nauseous, but he pushes past it, breathes deeply.
They go to a pub three blocks from the flat.  It’s dark, and there’s too many people.  Sherlock bellies up to the bar and scoots his chair closer to John.  A drunk blond woman behind him knocks into his right arm and spills wine onto his jacket.  To Sherlock’s complete surprise he doesn’t scream at her and instead rolls his eyes as John laughs at the spectacle.  They’ve known each other for a week and somehow they understand each other so well.  It became obvious the first night but it’s truly incredible.  Sherlock tries not to make himself so obvious but it is a bit difficult.  Especially when John wears his nice jacket, and the blue sweater that brings out his eyes.
“I have had it for some time. I purchased it after I left your flat actually. I am horrified by how I acted last we were together, and because of that I haven’t tried to contact you. Then I saw you yesterday, and figured it was about time I gave it to you.” Sherlock looked at the floor, and then looked directly at John, and it was though Sherlock could see John’s soul. “The thing is, John.” Sherlock paused, and looked as though he might have a stroke.
“You spoke to Mycroft?” Sherlock said, and pulled John away from the security guard and away from the doors.
John makes quick work of cleaning Sherlock’s face, and when he’s finished he puts his palm against Sherlock’s cheek, which Sherlock cannot help but lean into.
“You know, there’s only two names in his address book.  Yours, and mine, and I didn’t give him any of this,” John says, anger growing as he sifts through Moriarty’s papers. “He’s your brother and you blabbed about his entire life to this maniac.”
It’s all that Sherlock has wanted since his return from the dead and yet now, as it is about to happen, Sherlock is so unprepared his hands are shaking.
Sherlock wipes off the stupid mustache and looks handsome as ever, is suddenly very himself, and makes a fucking awful joke.  A joke so god damn stupid it hurts like hell, it feels like a slap because this is How He Comes Back?  John isn’t sure how he’s on the floor, on top of his ex-nothing, throttling him, but he is.
Finally, Sherlock’s eyes catch John’s and they watch each other for a few tentative moments.  John’s eyes are blue as ever, and they look dark in the dimly lit room.  They look dark and suddenly so impossibly sad.  Sherlock can’t bring himself to look away but John breaks their contact.
John is always so careful, not wanting to push.  He lets Sherlock explore, sometimes a hand pulling his sweaters up.  It’s lovely.  John can tell Sherlock hasn’t kissed many people, but it makes it all the more splendid.
Sherlock tries to remember the last time he held someone’s hand and comes up completely short.  He isn’t used to this at all.  It doesn’t make sense that someone is interested in him.  The maniacal drug addict that has been pathetically sad for as long as he can remember; not a huge catch.  Not to mention that he didn't know how to be a person, a normal person.  Normal is boring.  And terrible.  And God, John is handsome.
“Hello,” Sherlock said, and he smiled at John. John had no idea what his face was doing, but he assumed he was smiling like a loon.
It’s been four days like this, Sherlock coming to sit down next to him on the sofa, tucking his toes underneath John’s thigh, curling his hands around John’s own.  It’s this simplicity, Sherlock’s most innocent desires, the lightest touches.
In the month before John got married, Sherlock taught him how to dance.  Sherlock had had his hand in John’s, the other on his shoulder.  He’d been in his pajamas and he’d been wildly telling John the steps.  John hadn’t gotten the hang of it very well.
“I dunno, you seemed guarded at first.  I felt like I was doing all the talking.  You did open up though, after a few days.  Were you weighing if you should get to know me or not?” She smiles behind her glass again, eyebrows raised.  John decides honesty is best.
John pulled his eyes away and tried to keep his face bland.  When his food is brought, and when the man gives him a full, real smile he sort of feels like the wind has been knocked out of him.
“Sherlock, look. I consider myself to be a fairly level headed man. I’m not often in and out of love. But, can I say no to your request?”
“No, DON’T!” shrieks Sherlock, who has put a hand out and whose eyes have blown up out of his skull.  John clears his throat, and sits up, cupping the little insect.  It makes a louder humming sound but doesn’t sting him.
They are in their room in Baskerville.  Sherlock’s bed is empty, and instead Sherlock is sitting on John’s twin bed.  Sherlock’s eyes are wide with worry.  Sherlock’s right hand has come up to John’s face, placed there gently.
John met Amelia when he was seventeen. Her dark skin under his mouth made him nearly cry and when he kissed her he swore she killed him. She was an ethereal being, and he worshiped the ground she walked on. Every single time he said he loved her, he meant it. Even when he said it before he hung up the phone, even when he walked her to her car, even when he had already said it eight times that same day. He loved the way she kissed. The other girls he had kissed didn’t know how to kiss. He wanted to be good for her, so when he touched her for the first time he said “Tell me what you want. Tell me what’s good, what’s not, when I’m right, when I’m wrong.” John had never done any of this before, but he wanted to be good. And she did tell him. And he tasted her wet in his mouth, undone. She did the same for him. He loved her.
For a moment, Sherlock wraps a hand around the back of John’s thigh, and squeezes.  Sherlock smiles up at John from the sofa, and he looks so content that John can hardly breathe.
John can’t help but feel giddy as he hits send.  He thinks of all the times he’s wanted to kiss Sherlock and been unable to.  He tries not to work himself up too much, and in order to distract himself from his own impatience he goes into the kitchen and puts the kettle on.
Sherlock                     I seem to be making a great deal of noise in the kitchen, raising my voice above it, "Oh yes. I went back and sent the bears off for further investigating before having rather angry sex with John."
Sherlock                   I feel my hand grabbed, the short but strong fingers, calloused at the tips, blunt fingernails... "John?" I cry in shock, before shuddering and sitting up in the bed Moriarty has put me in, panting and reaching out into the darkness, John vanished.
Greg                      I moved back so they had plenty of room to stabilize the rubble and barked when Sherlock appeared by my side again, covered in blood. My heart dropped even further when they said they'd found a female arm and I took charge of going into the rubble. I put on a safety hat, a jacket and squeezed through the small space so I could at least get John out.
Mrs. Price                  "I hope you've both had breakfast... I know what sort of job Gregory does and It looks like you're in an important role as well, Mr...?" I wandered over where I was just coming back from shopping and wanted to know who Gregory's young man was.
Mycroft                       I turn to face him. "No." I start to pull my bare hands behind my back, but he grabs them firmly. I gasp and freeze in his grasp.
Greg                             I had been quite relaxed in the back of one of Mycroft's cars until we got to the road where my flat was and it was totally cordoned off with police/ambulance/fire service everywhere. I jumped out of the car, running down the road where I could see smoke coming from Mrs. Price's flat and it looked like quite a big fire.
Moriarty                     "I will." I peck him on the cheek then take a big breath. "AaaaaaaAAAAHHHHHHH" I start screaming as loud as possible over and over and over. "I want my Daddy!!!" I start kicking shins of every one with in my reach.
Greg                            "Yeah, I'm exhausted. Feel free to watch TV or something as long as you clean up whatever mess you make." I smile weakly, my limbs feeling heavy as I made my way to Myc’s bedroom and collapsed onto the bed in the clothes I'd been dying to get out of.
Mycroft                       "Be thankful for that, Greg." I shake my head. "What I read indicated that we would typically sense each other's emotional state, without touch. It may be that only strong emotions trigger that for you."
Greg                            I looked down to see him smirking as he ghosts his hand around my cock and I didn't think I was that impressive compared to most men. "What?" I asked softly, my cheeks flushed.
Greg                            "We can get back and think about where we're gonna go on our holiday." I muttered and leant my head against his now, knowing he was frowning where we'd only talked about it. I wasn't going to take no for an answer about it and Anthea had already been organising it for me.
Mycroft                     I take a moment to catch my breath. "Yes, I believe I did. It appears that the shoreline defenses have not been altered since I was last at Sherrinford. That will be our way in.”
Mycroft                     Energized by this new information, I quickly get dressed and meet John in the hallway. "You were able to reach Sherlock in your dream again? What was he able to tell you?”
Mycroft                     "Well, not quite a scratch, but not life-threatening." Once he was sitting up, I pressed a light kiss on his forehead. "Let's not do that again, shall we?"
Mycroft                     A hum of surprise escaped me when he kissed me. I froze for a moment, then relaxed into it, returning the kiss, a small smile on my lips. I curl my fingers into his sweatshirt, to keep from reaching for his bare skin - I don't want that distraction right now.
Sherlock                   "Rose Marie." I call, striding into the living room and holding out the phone, "Here. This is yours. John will help you enter in all the numbers you should need."
Greg                             It was my turn to moan this time and I didn’t think we were going to get off the sofa, the last time we had sex being a couple weeks ago now and it wasn't that we hadn’t had lust for one another. I roughly ground my hips into his and pulled harshly at his jumper to get it off over his head. Our lips only broke for a second.
Mycroft                       I look relieved. "I suspect that would suffice. Thank you. I also told them that they can release you into my care this afternoon. Seems they've had a lot of metas coming in of late and need the space. I hope you don't mind.
John                            Taking the note, I read it over. “They still think I’m dead. That’s good.” I shake my head, looking up at him, slightly broken. “This was your plan, Mycroft. If you want me to stick with it then you have to help me out. YOU have to protect Sherlock this time. YOU have to save him. Please bring him back to me.”
John                            “Maybe he wants to.” I shrug. “Or maybe you should talk to him about it.” I set a mug in front of him. “Be right back.” I carry two mugs into Rosie and Sherlock and return quickly, sitting across from Mycroft with my own mug. “So, is this effecting you’re ability to work together or is this turning personal?”
Mycroft                 "Give him a moment, John," I say quietly, stepping in front of him to block his path, carefully not to lay a hand on him.
Greg                            "Well, do you still see a wedding ring on my finger?" I said in reply and saw I'd pushed him again by the look on his face, my coffee mug being put on the desk, so I could shrug my coat on. I guess I was just tired with the little bit of irritation I felt.
Moran                        "Fuck... Fuck..." I swore as I collapsed to my knees, the gun dropping, too and I soon had police officers around me trying to cuff me. I saw Greg doing CPR on what looked like Dave and I tried fighting the officers who'd taken my gun to get at Lestrade who'd obviously shot him.
Greg                             "I know your brother and I expect he'll take all risks. Necessary or not." I sighed and leant into his arm around my shoulders, my whole body tired.
Greg                            "Because I think we both deserve it after what we've been through and Anthea kind of told me we were. No arguments." I shrug with a grin of my own and I was looking forward to it after all the shit about metas at work.
Greg                             His fingers just dancing across my hip is like his fingers are on fire and I pull my fingers out completely to turn to face him. I kissed him hard, stroking him myself until he made a noise that resembled a whine and a growl mixed in together.
Sherlock wants to say that he’d do anything to make John stop being so sad but he stays quiet.  They’ve always understood each other in ways no one else has, and yet Sherlock has never been able to say the right thing to John.  It’s infuriating.
“My flat isn’t far, if you wanted to stop in,” he ended with, and felt like kicking himself immediately.
It’s too familiar.  It rips something open.  Sherlock feels like moaning.  He isn’t sure he is ready for everything just yet but he thinks if he doesn’t kiss John so hard it bruises that he will die.  So he does. He kisses him hard.  It feels correct.  His hands shake as he does so.
They make it to the stairs, and then promptly give up.  John figures it’s far enough anyhow. They fall asleep against each other on the stairs.  It’s comfortable enough because they’re drunk.  John thinks another hand finds his as they fall asleep, but he can’t be sure.  Sherlock keeps mumbling nonsense and John is too tired to attempt to understand what he’s saying.  It feels peaceful.
Then he remembers Sherlock should have been gone and away from him three different times and each time he came back.  That has to mean something.
In the morning, John woke to find Sherlock watching him. John smiled, then reached up to pull Sherlock down for a kiss.
“Don’t think about it,” John said, and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. “We’ll get it sorted.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, taking a deep breath. “I’m a recovering cocaine addict. I used to live on the streets because of it. I’m so single that I haven’t dated anyone since university. I absolutely loathe getting recognized on the street as it puts a real damper on many aspects of my career. For the last year every news outlet has been trying to know every aspect of my personal life and has been making up stories about who I am, almost all of which are false. I currently am fearful that an absolute maniac is going to do something terrible at any moment and I’m the only one who can stop him. So yes John, I do believe I deserve that slice of cake. So if you wouldn’t mind?” Sherlock held out a hand for the plate and John scoffed, shaking his head.
John opened his door and thought for a moment that he must still be asleep on Greg’s sofa. Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him, his coat collar pulled up high around his face, hands in the pockets of his Belstaff. Sherlock gave him a stiff smile.
Once inside the room, John realized he was surrounded by other members of the Yard. He had spoken with most of these people before, some of them he had seen at a party Greg and Molly were throwing. Greg made his rounds and began making small talks with the other investigators. John stood in the middle of the room, confusion clouding his every thought. John tapped the blond woman on the shoulder and she turned to him.
“I can’t stay here.  I know you’re right but I am so afraid to leave it.  I can’t go back to how it was before him.  I love him so much and I’m so afraid it will never stop.  I don’t want it to,” John says, and it almost sounds like a question.
“Well let him know, I want you all to myself,” Janine said, then made her way to the bathroom. Fake girlfriend or not, the relationship seemed at least on the surface to be quite real.
John sat on the couch, his fingers pushing into Sherlock’s scalp.  Sherlock leaned into it, his head between John’s thighs.  John whimpered and watched him as Sherlock kissed his cock, and John’s pupils became larger, pure adoration leaking out.
“Why didn’t you tell me?  I mean I thought…I thought you were just off without me and you didn’t care whether you came back or not,” John’s throat constricts, and he tries clearing it.
Sherlock sits up and kisses John hard. Sherlock’s palms find John’s neck, then chest, then sneak their way under John’s t-shirt. John snakes his hands into Sherlock’s hair. “I love you,” John says again. He can’t seem to stop saying it.
Sherlock knew there would be some kind of joy and solace in a confession.  Should he tell the truth and bear the shame?  The shame of John knowing exactly those words.  Could he live in a world where those words had been said out loud, coming out of his mouth?  Would the pain of shame give him a certain power, to at least know that he had finally spoken the truth, the rugged and dirty truth?  Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t aware of the exact shame he would face.  Could he take John’s face when he said it?  Could he take him not saying it back?  He felt sick thinking about it.  He wanted to say it, and yet knew he would never say it, all at once a bile growing in his throat instead of words.
Once outside in the brisk February air, Sherlock pulls his cigarette pack out of his pocket and lights one.
After, John starts to think of Sholto less as Sholto and more as James, and that probably isn’t right.  Sometimes James calls him John instead of Watson but it’s only happened twice perhaps and can’t mean much, but the mutual respect is there and heavy and it would be rather nice, if John could just stop itching for something more.  It’s not as if much has changed.  But Sholto’s slap and John’s ability to take it for what it was (not just an order to be pulled together, a showing of all John was) left them both somewhat different.  John couldn’t find the words for it despite how much he tried and somewhere in the back of him he thought it might be best if he didn’t find it.
Sherlock has fixed his hair a total of seven times since putting on his suit jacket, and he’s buttoned and unbuttoned the damn thing at least five.  John looks over in the mirror and sees Sherlock’s reflection watching him.  John gives a stiff smile then nods.  Sherlock does the same but looks away as he smiles, finally doing the buttons up for the last time.
John learns about all of Sherlock’s abstract irrationalities quickly, unhappily, and without regret.
It’s been a long time, but this isn’t something one just forgets how to do.  And John has thought about this many times.
At some point in the night, Sherlock woke up.  He felt warmth near him and finally remembered where he was and what was happening.  He was on his side, with an arm wrapped around his waist.  Sherlock felt a hand on his, and then fingers entwined with his.  He didn’t breathe for a good minute.  John didn’t pull his hand away.  Sherlock fell back to sleep.
“Because we’ve always been so good at that,” John says, then lets a little chuckle escape as he shakes his head.
They fall into place, closer and closer every day it seems.  After a month, Sherlock is sitting next to John at the kitchen table and not across.  Sometimes their knees brush and neither of them says anything.
John bolts up in his bed, flings the covers off of his frame in a total disarray, and then stomps down the stairs and sees smoke.  It doesn’t smell just like smoke anymore, it smells like some moldy food and smoke.  Sherlock is stamping out flames with a small flannel.
“And for the record.  It’s all gone.  Including the thirty year old scotch I stole from Mycroft.  He’ll be happy to know it all went down the drain.  Neither of us will be drinking anymore.  I probably shouldn’t have been in the first place you know, addict and all,” Sherlock says as he takes his seat across from John.  John nods.
Sherlock’s lips are pressed into a thin line, and his palms are pressing into his chair so roughly it may leave a burn mark.
Sherlock can’t believe this has worked at all.  He had tried to impress John and apparently it had worked.  And to top it all off, John seems to enjoy getting off the same way Sherlock enjoys getting off: the thrill, the dead bodies, not being boring, .  And Sherlock tries very hard and fails to ignore the fact that John is an army man.  He thinks back to age fifteen, realizing he loved men and then also realizing he thought a man in a uniform was absolutely stunning.
It seemed that every time Mary brought up a new baby name it drove John crazy.  Which, did not make any sense, of course.  Perhaps it was because he couldn’t seem to imagine this child actually existing.  He couldn’t seem to grasp the idea that his life was changing so drastically.  His life had been at a standstill for so long before he had met Mary (and in so many ways) that somehow having what he supposedly wanted and needed was far too overwhelming.
At five o’clock, John forced himself to eat an egg and a piece of toast.  He eats it quickly, as lingering on it would make him nauseous.  He is already drunk, swallowing scotch with the bread, and he knows this is Not Good but there isn’t much reason to care if it is rather Not Good.
“You need to eat everything on your plate.  No exceptions.  You haven’t eaten much in the last three days,” Sherlock says, setting the tea down.  He looks tired but beautiful, his curls spanning out and falling into his eyes.  Sherlock needs a haircut too.
He is going to do what he should have done when Sherlock came back from the dead, on his stag night, when Sherlock was shot by John’s wife, when Sherlock almost flew away from him forever, what he should have done last night.
“I want you to have it,” she had said to John, holding his hands in her own. “I am so happy for you, and your detective needs to live in the heart of London.” They had agreed to live in the flat with an incredibly discounted rate if only Mrs. Hudson would walk John down the aisle. John had never felt luckier, walking arm and arm with his co-owner and new found landlady.
“You haven’t the slightest idea why I’ve been so upset do you?” John asks.  He looks exhausted but composed, his mouth a hard line that Sherlock wants to kiss away.
“I talked to her last month. It was nice. She asked me if I wanted to come to Christmas with her parents. I said no. We’re not really together and I don’t know that we ever will be again. No use pretending.”
“I could do that now,” Sherlock whispers.  John can almost feel a dip in the sofa where Sherlock is sitting, watching him.
Janine follows Sherlock into the bathroom, and John swallows hard, licks his lips, is vaguely certain he tastes blood.
“Of course. I’m glad I was able to get your message. My roommate is very easily distracted, as you witnessed.”
Sherlock knows that Stamford is being kind, but he still inwardly grimaces at the idea of someone else in his space, judging, making awful human sounds, annoying him and taking up air.  Downright disgusting.  It takes a superhuman amount of strength for Sherlock to not stick his tongue out and retch in the elevator.
“You missed Christmas again,” John says matter-of-factly. He thinks maybe if he just states facts he’ll be able to push through this.
There are many things John does not know or fully comprehend, like the fact that Sherlock threw away his career and reputation (happily) to save John’s life.  He does not know that Sherlock once stabbed a man for mentioning John’s name (his time abroad in Russia), and he does not know that while Sherlock planned John’s wedding, he was not panicked, but rather in a terrified calm.  The eye of the storm.  John has no idea that Sherlock has never wanted anything more than to kiss him until he ran out of breath entirely and collapsed onto the floor.  Sherlock very much wants John to suck the life out of him.
John reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out the small box he’d been meaning to give to Mary much earlier in the night.
“What is it? The thing?” John asked, and at the same time, a customer appeared in the doorway. “Don’t even think about it!” John exclaimed, and pointed a finger back out the door. “Just go away immediately. Go away right now.”
“I’m John Watson. I think he might be expecting me.” No clarification was needed. The woman’s mouth turned up into a smile but it mostly appeared that she was trying not to laugh at John.
“Christ, I’m so sorry,” Harry said, covering her hand with a mouth. “I just want you to know that I absolutely adore you. You’re the most handsome man in London, and I do think we could be best friends.”
John pulls on his own jacket.  They head towards the door.  John puts his hand on the doorknob, and looks up.
The last thing John expects to see in Kitty’s flat is Moriarty.  But there he is.  Hair wild, wearing a fucking cardigan.
John goes downstairs with it to find Sherlock sitting beside the lit fireplace.  His hands are under his chin, and his legs are crossed.
“Sherlock, that is in fact the most untrue thing I’ve ever said.  I have never wished that, no matter how angry I’ve been with you.  But there’s no excuse for that.  I’m sorry.”
It’s snowing hard. John buttons up his coat and wraps a scarf around his neck. He locks the door behind him and looks out into the snowy morning. It’s all so white and bright. His jacket isn’t warm enough, but he moves towards the road anyway. And then he looks to his left.
“Oh please, I wouldn’t hurt you before he got here, that would ruin the fun.  No, no…I’m trying to figure out why he likes you so,” Moriarty says, his voice low.  He nods a bit.  “I’m really not sure.  You look ordinary to me.  Are you hiding something from me Doctor Watson?”
They dry off, and Sherlock, in the full light of the bathroom, is too thin. John will have to fatten him back up. He looks forward to it.
As John throws the USB in the fire, and holds his crying wife, he can’t help but wonder if the tears are real, if this too is a lie.
Sherlock looks sad, is the worst part of it.  John realizes some part of Sherlock has always been sad, since the day they met, and it has mirrored his own sadness in full.
"Yes.  And to answer the other question you want to ask but don't want to invade my privacy--the answer is no.  We did not have sex.  She was willing, and I was indifferent.  Next question."
But the truth was that he was bored.  Which pastel yellow the baby’s room would be didn’t seem to matter all that much, and it was somehow worse than all the wedding planning.  Maybe because Sherlock had just done all the wedding planning.
“Holmes is a hack. It’s obvious that Moriarty has the whole thing planned out. I’m sure it’s all just a publicity stunt for the both of them. None of it’s real, it’s like wrestling. Not to mention have you seen how he has that twinkle in his eye? The guy is probably in and out of rehab on the daily.”
Sherlock leaned back into his chair, letting his arms fall over the sides, categorizing the memory of John’s tongue tracing his bottom lip, his mouth burning holes in his throat, just to make sure that he would never forget exactly how John tasted.
“Yes, of course. John, I wanted to apologize.” John swallowed hard and tried to gauge Sherlock’s expression. He did not seem like a man who apologized often. “I kissed you. Out of nowhere. I wanted to be sure you were alright with the whole thing.”
“No, no that isn’t what I meant…I meant, that I’m thankful to be here.  I’m very happy here, Sherlock.”
“What, too posh to do a shot?” John teases.  Sherlock snorts at the comment.  Of course he’s not too posh for shots.  He’s been high in alleys before, sitting on the ground near skips.  Of course, he doesn’t tell John that.
“You were very drunk last night,” Sherlock commented, avoiding John’s eyes.  Sherlock was now fully dressed and drinking coffee.  He could pretend that nothing happened.
This time when Sherlock woke to John lying next to him, he was not the first one up.  Sherlock opened his eyes to see John watching him as he slept.  John smiled at him.
“Moriarty is playing with your mind too, CAN’T YOU SEE WHAT’S GOING ON?” Sherlock yells.  He’s scared.
Maybe it’s because they are afraid of what one might do without the other there to watch over him.  They are both so broken it seems like there is a lot of room for error.
“John, I really think it would be good. Just to clear the air a bit. It’s just a reminder of…well…” She trails off, worrying at her bottom lip between her teeth.
“Yeah, fine,” John says. He smiles at her with her open and vulnerable face. She’s probably drunk. He wonders where all of her friends are.
“You will never guess who just came into the shop,” John said, still trying to wrap his own mind around the encounter.
"Because you broke my fucking heart," John whispers, and buries his face in Sherlock's neck, unsure.  "I was a complete and utter mess without you.  I keep wondering what would have happened if you had come back and I hadn't met Mary and I was still a complete mess.  Because she patched me up, whoever the fuck she was, she put me back together," John admits.  He has to laugh just a bit because... "And then you put me back together.  After all of it.  You're everything."
“Oh I knew this would happen one of these days. Come on, let’s get you inside, we’re going to A & E.”
Sherlock’s nose hurts terribly.  The blow was unexpected and he’s angry at himself for having missed it, but even he makes mistakes.  He’s sat on the edge of the tub, John kneeling between his legs.  There’s dried blood caked down his mouth and chin that he’d tried to clean up to no avail and had ended up leaving it until they got back to the flat.  He also has some blood on his shirt, and it’s the purple one that John likes.  He’s more annoyed about that than anything else.
Harry was caught with Cecelia three days after her fifteenth birthday. John hadn’t the slightest what had been happening at the time, he only understood after the fact. He had been doing his history homework, sharpening his pencil for the seventh time, when his mother had come into the kitchen and leaned against the counter.
He can laugh at those dreams now, at least, as he watches Sherlock mutter in his sleep, face completely soft like it never is when awake.
Sherlock looked up from his shirt for the first time and his eyes met John’s. They were a lovely color, and John had to refrain himself from telling Sherlock so. John was sure he probably got that type of comment often enough, Sherlock really didn’t need to be told he had nice eyes from the man who had just spilled hot tea all over his shirt and coat.
“Sure,” Sherlock said, then made his way into the bathroom. As soon as he was out of sight John ran to the sink and hurriedly tried to clean the dishes. He threw most of them into the dish washer and then began to wipe up the kitchen table. Just as the table was cleared Sherlock came back downstairs in a white t-shirt, holding the ruined button up and his coat over his arm.
John discovered during their first week together that Sherlock loved for his neck to be kissed.  John does this now, and Sherlock bucks into him, a small whine coming out of his mouth.
“I’ll come with you, then,” Hana offers.  “We’ll do it together. You can teach me to steal, show me what to do.”
If Mycroft wants John to look out for Sherlock (like he’s already been doing for the past nearly two years) then he will.  He didn’t need Mycroft to ask him.  All he had had to do really was tell him there were assassins living nearby.
“I told you always.  And if we’re being so exact, I thought you were beautiful from the moment I saw you so.  There.”
“If you’re going to die again, you have to know that I’m in love with you,” John says in a low tone, his hands balled into fists.
“What are you going for? This doesn’t exactly shout romance.” John said, sipping his coffee. Phillip nodded and went back into his bedroom as John’s toast popped up. Phillip came back out wearing a wrinkled but nicely neutral button up.
“I know.  It isn’t how I wanted things to work out for you.  I’m sorry,” Sherlock says, and suddenly he looks so fucking sad that John immediately knows he has chosen his words incorrectly.
John’s wife, whose little brother Sherlock had killed in Russia three years previous, one Sebastian Moran.
“All the time.  And, now, listen.  I know he isn’t there.  I know that he isn’t there at all and it’s just me making it all worse but he’s there and I’m not sure I want to be rid of him.”
The pub is only half full.  It’s dimly lit and music plays softly and it seems to be the sort of place where you could go alone or go with people and either way no one would judge you.  Mary is sitting at a table, sifting through her phone and picking up her drink to take a sip.  When John gets closer he sees she’s ordered a gin and tonic.  She looks wonderful, very different than at work, but the very essence of her still the same.  She has a silk button up blouse on, and her hair is tied up, some of it falling down and she just looks…beautiful.
John saw the woman in the hall the next day.  Shook her hand, nodded.  The first man when he was coming back with the shopping.  The other two as he was unlocking the door.  He made a point to shake hands with each of them.  They should know: John Watson wouldn’t allow it, John Watson knows you’re here.
The conference took place at a hotel in north London. John took a cab to the venue and tried not to sweat through his jacket. He wondered if he had ever been more nervous than he was in this moment. Maybe on his first date when he was a teenager. Mycroft had left him the address and a time to get there. It would be a few hours before the conference began, but Sherlock would be there preparing.
“She wasn’t supposed to be like that,” John said.  He shook his head, and raised his glass to his mouth.  “What am I supposed to do with that?”
The reality hits and Sherlock is stunned immobile, right hand clutching at the door frame for support.
He’s in love. And the man he’s in love with is missing. So John gets drunk about it. It’s a bar three blocks from the flat. He’s been there in the past. Numerous times in fact. He used to go there when Sherlock would frustrate him. When Sherlock was being a complete arsehole and John just needed to grab a pint. Like a bickering old married couple. John laughs lightly into his sweating beer glass. He shakes his head, bites his bottom lip.
When the plane touches back down it is difficult not to grab John and kiss him in full.  Instead, he brushes past him, doesn’t even look at him, and enters the black limousine that Mycroft has waiting for him.  It’s the only way not to grab John, and doing that would be far too dangerous.
“You didn’t ever want to leave, did you?” John asks dumbly.  He really hadn’t known at all.  He should have known, but all he’d felt was hurt.
There are moments when her face becomes reptilian.  Her eyes stare at him and the wrinkles at her mouth form patterns which John cannot follow.
John knows now though, that there is no more waiting.  Sherlock feels, but he doesn’t feel things Like That and so it’s done.  There would be no trying anymore.  He’d go back to his lovely fiancé, the one who he hadn’t even gotten to properly propose to, and go love her, as he had been doing for the last four months.
“I’m a fake,” Sherlock breathes through the phone.  John can hear the aching in his voice.  He doesn’t want to know what his face looks like, is almost thankful he can’t see it.  Though, all he wants to do is put his palm to Sherlock’s face, run his thumb over his cheekbone.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment.  He looks away from John and then tips his head back, letting it rest on the back of the sofa, and blinks rapidly a few times.  He takes deep breaths that come out fluttering.
John has always done this.  Used alcohol as a way to be brave and talk about the things he doesn’t talk about.
Sherlock almost laughs, but he turns it into a scoff instead.  Merely the idea of having a flat mate is entirely laughable.  Imagine another person living in the same vicinity of Sherlock is insane.  Sherlock keeps body parts in the crisper and doesn’t sleep for days and yells and shoots at the walls because he gets
“Well, you could always ask your brother to loan you some money?” Stamford suggests, trying to be helpful.
The days seemed to all blend in to one another. Spring to summer, summer to winter, and then spring again. Harry went through several girlfriends, and she became more heartbroken after each ended. Greg and Molly were beginning to try to have a baby, and eventually Molly became pregnant. The shop continued to do decently, but John still thought of Sherlock every day. It was a dull ache that existed in the back of John’s chest at all times. He would wonder what Sherlock was doing each day, and he would think back to the one night that he got to have with him. It had all been too perfect, and John felt as though he would have done anything to get him back. Over the course of a year, Moriarty had never been caught, but John had never heard or seen anything out of the ordinary. He did not think he was ever in any danger, and even if he had been, he was happy to be at risk if it meant he had his memories of Sherlock Holmes.
"I don't know about all that.  Why didn't you ever say anything?  We both know I was clearly hitting on you the first night at Angelo's."
He watches John walk up the stairs, completely limp free, and knows he has done something fantastic and wonderful today.  He wants to get up and follow John, walk up the stairs and stop him, push him against the wall and kiss him gently.  He hasn’t kissed anyone in nearly ten years but the idea intrigues him and somehow doesn’t scare him to death like he always thought it would.  And it seems that John would want that, but what if he’s wrong?  He almost never is, but this could be a terrible error.  John is beautiful and brave and absolutely perfect.  Sherlock doesn’t do any of the things he wants to but instead stands up and walks to his bedroom.
John has never seen him quite like this, Sherlock openly letting himself be seen in such a raw manner, with a nose red from crying and shaky breath.
But even so, even if he couldn’t have come, why did Sherlock come back into his life like that?  It was nothing but a joke to him.  It was all a fucking joke.  No tactic at all.
John stands up from his chair.  He moves two steps and then is standing over Sherlock, mouth soft and eyes bright.
The months pass. And John doesn’t hear a word. The want grows to be a dull ache like there’s a hook in the left ventricle of his heart. It hurts but he grows used to it. It’s a constant reminder. John should have known all those months ago, when Sherlock jumped: he was never going to move on. Sherlock was simply it.
Without thinking much of it, he shoots the man.  He knows he’ll make the shot, quite clean.  He’s that good.  He makes the shot, and then runs out of the room.  To Sherlock.
“Pity?  Is that what you think this is?  Are you not listening to a God damn word that I’ve said?  I’m in love with you, you bastard.  I love you more than I have loved anything else in my entire life.”
“Connections…you know,” Sherlock replies as he smiles back, the somewhat wicked grin that John can recognize so easily as his heart.
Sherlock loves John so deeply in this moment that he almost gasps.  He looks too beautiful.  He looks too at peace.  The lines of his face have gone elsewhere, blended into something soft.  He looks confident again.  Sherlock hasn’t seen him look confident since a different lifetime.  The desire for a cigarettes leaves him.  He could call out to John here, and he would hear his voice coming from six years previous.  He could hear his own voice fucking begging for a second chance.
They take a cab with Tessa and arrive at a dead man’s apartment.  John isn’t sure what they’re supposed to be looking for but Sherlock seems to have a decent idea—that is—until he falls over.  And vomits.
“John, my brother is a very stubborn man. He is very smart and can be, when he wants to be, very kind. But he is also very unknowledgeable in certain aspects of life. John, do you know the last time my brother had a relationship of any kind?”
“Hello?” Sherlock’s voice said through the phone. It was just as deep and lovely as the first time John had heard it, and John found himself with a grin plastered across his face.
They’ve been texting, and it’s two weeks later and she’s standing outside his office door as he files the last of the paperwork for the night.  She pushes her hair back with her palm.  She looks tired from the double she’s worked.
After a few weeks of this Sherlock couldn’t take it.  John tried to kiss him, and for the first time Sherlock pulled away.
The worst part was, John knew he still loved Sherlock, just as he’d known he always would.  But there was no path that could be taken to arrive at that destination, a place where Sherlock would love him back.  He had always known he’d love Sherlock forever anyway, whether alive or dead, it made no difference.
One night John had come onto Sherlock, after eating dinner, he had nearly taken Sherlock right on the table with leftovers still lying out.  Then, suddenly, John had stepped away; something he hadn’t done since the beginning.
“John,” Sherlock said, and his voice was colder than John remembered it being. But his eyes were soft and his cheeks were growing pink.
They both come out and Sherlock looks less beautiful now, more like confusion and denial, more of what he looked like when he came back from the dead except that just makes John feel like a horrible person because why shouldn’t Sherlock be happy?
"Do I really need to spell it out for you?  As you can see, I'm laying in bed with you, I've kissed you approximately four hundred and fifty six times today, and you're asking me
“You can tell him…I’m fine. You can tell him…” John trails off, then clears his throat and tries again. “Where the hell is he?” John hisses.
Sherlock is very close to John on the sofa. John can see the blue of the veins in his wrists. It’s beautiful. John thinks of kissing it. All the times he wanted to previously come back. Will he be able to survive like this? John looks back up at Sherlock’s face. His mouth is slightly open and he’s looking at John’s mouth. John swallows hard on his fear and nods.
John lets his hand dip under Sherlock’s shirt, and as his hand travels up Sherlock’s bare back he feels Sherlock’s own scars on his fingertips: the scars he knew were there but has never seen.  It makes him ache, knowing how they got there.
Mycroft shows up after six months. John comes down from his bedroom to see Mycroft sitting in Sherlock’s chair. Mrs. Hudson has made tea. John gives her a look as if to say
He plays it again when he gets out of bed.  He’s torturing himself, he knows it.  It’s a lovely way to die really.
“I love you.  I tried not to but I fell in love with you anyway.  And I wasn’t quick enough.  But I’ll still be here.  Whenever and however you want me.”
They both smile a bit at this.  John turns on the television and they fall asleep quickly, too jet lagged and sun burnt to make it to bed.
“I love him,” he repeats to the walls, the sofa, the silent telly, the cold tea at his elbow.  “I’m in love with him.”
He doesn’t even know if Sherlock felt that way about him. He probably didn’t. Sherlock didn’t ever want anyone in that way, and certainly not John. John tries to imagine Sherlock wanting anyone, kissing anyone, being
After the security guard saw John speak with Sherlock he let him into the venue. There were tables set up and John decided to sit in the corner of the back row. John’s head felt as though it were spinning. Sherlock had been just as beautiful as the first time John had seen him. John had thought that he had moved on, at least a little. It was now embarrassingly clear that that was not the case.
He looks around 221b and takes it in.  The way he had collapsed under the weight of his love and of his sadness here is almost unbearable.  And Sherlock is in front of him, pouring them glasses of aged scotch and looking as beautiful as ever. Sherlock’s hair falls lightly against the nape of his neck, and as he turns to hand John his glass, he wobbles a little.  It’s fairly adorable and the pain in John’s chest that would ache all the time when Sherlock did something wonderful (which had been fairly often) was returning.  It made him both happy and sad at once.
John licked his lips, and swallowed hard, trying not to let the words mean too much. John then shook his head, trying to shake it off.
“Yes, my fake girlfriend Janine from Ireland is in the next room. So you have to leave now, I’m so sorry John.” Sherlock’s eyes were bright and filled with regret. John had to force his mind to catch up with how quickly his night was changing.
