Apologies for the slight delay posting this chapter, I have company staying with me for the next few days, so getting the time to edit and post was difficult. But I've made you wait long enough, here's all the sappy fluff I promised!
“God yeah. Let’s get out of here.” John said, looking at his watch. “I know it’s a bit early, but I haven’t had anything since breakfast, and I’m absolutely starving. I say we go out to dinner, celebrate this thing finally being over.”
“I know, right? But I think you and I got a couple of the only good ones.” Molly giggled. “Anyway, you can see why I really don’t have any qualms about a little white lie to get him and his friends in trouble for something they actually did.”
to hear it from John. In the end though, John decided he had to say something – if only to acknowledge his presence – and sent a simple one sentence text;
“Your name may have come up once or twice.” Sherlock mumbled, his face lighting up in the maddest blush John had ever seen. Oh this was too perfect, Sherlock talked about him when he wasn’t around. Sherlock thought about him when he wasn’t around. “Can we get back to the case?”
“Good. Then Molly, I’ll see you at the morgue to pick up the ears.” Says a rich baritone, John can hardly believe came out of the beanpole .
“Oh that’s great, thanks! It’s way too late for him to drive back tonight, and I never bothered to ask him if he reserved a room somewhere. Something tells me he didn’t.” John laughed, glancing over at Sherlock who was up at the bar informing the owner that one of the waiters was swapping out the two hundred pound whiskey for a cheap substitute, and keeping the expensive stuff for himself.
“He did what?!” Sherlock all but yells when John explains to him why he was late. “He had no right. Just because his life is so mind numbingly dull, he thinks he can mess with mine? I could kill him. I will kill him.”
“Ah, boy trouble. Well don’t we all.” Molly sighed.
*******
Their laughter seemed to have caught Lestrade’s attention, who shot them a raised brow from where he stood with Molly and Bill Murray.
Sherlock didn’t think it possible, but the days that followed were even worse. No longer appealing to Sherlock’s need for a challenge, Moriarty targeted his carefully hidden, but ever present emotions. Shifting his focus to John, Moriarty taunted Sherlock with John’s long history with girls, with his past relationships.
John stayed at the clinic for another half hour before finally giving up, and headed home to his perpetually empty, depressing little flat
“Not perfectly obvious to me. Why?”
with another body. And Jack, Jack was the perfect body, meeting every thrust and every snap of Sherlock’s hips, moaning, gasping, and crying out every time Sherlock’s cock brushed the bundle of nerves buried deep within him.
“Finally, a sensible birthday activity!” John grinned and pulled Sherlock to his feet and towards a row of cabs.
Sherlock had to bite his cheek to keep from grinning. It’d be ‘a bit not good’ to smile at a time like this, but John said his name; John was thinking about him, wanted him. “But he’s going to be okay?” He said quietly.
“So we’re going to be keeping each other very busy, are we?.” John sighed as he slumped against the back seat of the car taking him and Sherlock to their five-star suite for the night. Sometimes having a brother-in-law with connections came in handy.
“Of course if you leave now,” Molly pipes up, an exhausted edge to her normally sweet voice “I might not be able to sneak samples to you after Dr. Pieterson kicks you out of the morgue. And who knows if Greg will be willing to let someone in on his future police work, who so callously abandon his party.”
“Really?” John let out a humorless laugh. “Because I seem to remember my phone being out in your sitting room. So tell me, how did it end up in here?”
The next few hours that passed were fairly uneventful. Once his phone was charged, John engaged in a rather lengthy, and rather hushed, phone conversation. Most likely his friend from the night before, given the number of times John assured the person on the other end that he was still alive and
Like the cab ride to Bart’s, the ride back to Sherlock’s house passed in near silence, Molly looked out the window while Sherlock focused intently on his phone. If he looked busy, there was less of a chance Molly would bother him, she didn’t need to know he was reading over old text conversations, or flipping through certain photo albums.
Six months after their first meeting finds John chasing after Sherlock who, yet again, has taken off after a suspect. John turns the corner just in time to see the suspect, knife in hand, lunging at a cornered Sherlock. Next thing John knows, he has the suspect on the ground, hands pined behind his back, and John’s knee digging into his spine.
“You seriously think they were about to have sex?”
Sherlock looked away, this was not going as he had planned. “It’s really nothing. It’s just… it’s just a case I’m stuck on.” He lied.
“See, we all notice things about each other, that doesn’t mean we have to bring it up.” Sherlock said with a final glare, and stomped away. There was the overgrown toddler John was expecting.
“Greg? Yeah, I think so.” Answers John, trying to keep pace with Sherlock long legs.
For the umpteenth time in so many hours, the rest of John’s sentence was cut off by Sherlock’s lips. There were certainly worse ways of being interrupted.
“Then would you care to dance?” Sherlock asked, his deep voice triggering something deep in John. “And I should point out; it’s very rare that I am the one asking for a dance.”
Things didn’t last much longer after that, their coupling becoming fast and even more frantic. Jack clung to Sherlock, his fingers digging in to his back, tangling in his hair, his hands were everywhere as their pace grew more and more erratic. Oh, how Sherlock missed this, the feeling of strong thighs wrapped around his waist, the feeling of tight muscles contracting around him, squeezing him impossibly tight, and dragging him over the edge. It had been ages since he last had John wrapped around him like this, and he missed it. It was amazing, and he missed it.
Startled out of his thoughts – he hadn’t even realized John was awake – Sherlock glanced over at the matching morning suits handing on the wardrobe. “You know, there’s still time to run away. Come on, just you and me, isn’t that better?” He sighed, rolling John on to his back, and sat up to straddle John’s waist.
“Just you. It seems like a bit of a long time coming, honestly.” John blushed. God, how right he was. “I know we never really talked about it, what was going on between us, where it was all heading. I was kind of hoping this weekend would, I don’t know, solidify it.”
I need…”
The rest of the ride passed in silence, but John could feel the man watching him the entire way until finally they pulled up in front of John’s flat.
John buried his face in his hands. “I do not.” He groaned. Being covered in paper cuts and dipped in lemon juice would be better than this conversation.
“I am, yeah.” John nodded. “I feel like I’ve got more energy too. Once the weather warms up a bit, I may take up running again.”
“Your guess is as good as mine, mate.” Mike Stamford – student team manager and John’s fellow med student and flatmate – shrugged. “No seriously, all I know is that John does some tutoring. I don’t know who the students are.”
John had barely made it through the door before he found himself suddenly backed up against it, all but caged in by Sherlock, their bodies pressed together from thigh to chest, Sherlock’s mouth on his in a crushing, heart-stopping, breathtaking, fever inducing kiss. John snaked an arm around Sherlock’s waist in an attempt to pull him impossibly closer, as Sherlock’s hand, with his violin callused fingers, cupped John’s jaw. Lips parted, heads tilted, and the kiss deepened. It was only at the feel of Sherlock’s hand sliding down the press at the front of John’s jeans, that a coherent thought finally managed to push its way through the fog of need and want clouding John’s mind.
What happens when the one person who means the world to you, who is your world, topples over a ledge, and there is nothing you can do about it?
What loves cuddling soft grey cuties, eating cookies, writing about fictional boneheads falling in love, and reading comments from the world's greatest readers? Why don't you all send me some comments to enjoy! (Like how I buttered you up?)
“That’s because they thought you were going to be away for the weekend, plus maybe John didn’t know he was going to be getting lucky. I hardly think he’d stop to put out the signal if he and Sherlock were finally going to –”
“Crystal.”
“I don’t see why you’re even here.” Sherlock groused. “I don’t need a babysitter.”
John honestly didn’t know what made him do it, possibly fear of losing Sherlock, mixed with the overwhelming relief of knowing he was safe. Seeing just how invigorated and alive he looked; the pink hue from the chase still coloring his cheeks, the small hint of a confused and concerned smile on his face, definitely played a part. It was all too much, Sherlock, the proximity, everything was too much, and before he knew it, John had the lapel of Sherlock’s coat clutched in his fist, and his lips were pressed firmly against Sherlock’s, cutting off the rest of the detective’s questions with a bruising kiss.
“You knew I was studying medicine, that I’m the peacekeeper of the family, my dad’s not really there, and has passed on his drinking problem.”
“I said that you can move in with me.” He said brightly. “You’re looking for a new place to live anyway, and this is a perfect solution. I can’t believe I didn’t think of it before.”
“Your pen needs ink, you’re writing too loud.”
John. I wish he was my John. He was kind of my John last night. If he was really
“Not yet I don’t think. After cases, even ones as simple as this, my room feels so… dull.” Sherlock huffed. “Though I completely understand if you want to leave. I know you have your night before a game ritual, I’ve kept you out late as it is.”
“Well, I’d be a fool to argue with my doctor. If you say I should have the potato, I’ll have the potato.”
“Yeah, I was behind on some of my charting. Figured now was as good a time as any.” He sighed, leaning back in his chair, stretching his back. It was late afternoon – early evening on Friday, and his last patient had left nearly two hours before. “And you’re still here; you know what they say about glass houses.”
” Sherlock was panting now. “You’re a terrible tease, John Watson.”
“Yeah, that’s me.” John’s tone had a bit of a chill to it, and Sherlock once again had to keep from smiling. Clearly John was far more perceptive and a better judge of character than he had given him credit for.
“Damn right I’m playing the medical student card!” John was practically shouting now, Sherlock had never seen him like this. “I’m not taking no for an answer. William Sherlock Scott Holmes, you are going to hospital!”
“Good, that’s good.” Mrs. Holmes nodded, already heading towards their car. Sherlock suspected she was pleased he wanted to go to a secure government building where there were more eyes to watch him, and she’s have his father for back up. “Do you want to let the team know?”
After several intoxicating minutes of kissing, of lips parting, tongues meeting, and teeth nipping, John pulled away with a sigh
“All moved in and settled. It doesn’t take four days to move a seventy-six year old pensioner into a retirement home, especially when she was all packed beforehand.”
“It’s alright, he’s with me.” Lestrade said to the man behind the desk. “Come on, I’ll fill you in.” He turned back to John and led him over to the almost empty waiting area.
John was staring at him. Did he want him to say something? He should say something. What was he supposed to say?
~***~
Cliffhanger! What's going to happen? Am I going to be nice, or am I going to throw a monkey wrench into things? You'll just have to keep reading to find out! >:D
His clothes, right, he had let Sherlock wear some of his spare gym clothes.
“And healing. They need people there who can treat and save the wounded.” John reminds Sherlock.
– bigger now?”
“We’re going to be arrested, Sherlock. We are
– Please.” Sherlock moaned.
*******
“Hurty. But they gave me an injection, and it’s not as hurty as it was before.” Sherlock shrugged, grabbing at John’s hand to pull him closer. Mmmm, that was better. John shouldn’t be far away, John needed to be close.
“I do, and you know I’m right. And if you’re still worried, well there’s another benefit of the hearing, the committee gets to hear our side, see all the proof in context.”
– idiot,” Jack chuckled, sending what felt like a bolt of lightning rocketing up Sherlock’s spine. “I am a d –
John cannot stand idle when someone he... cares about is in pain.
“I mean John. A lot of my patients have their boyfriends and girlfriends come in with them. That extra support at this stage seems to make things go smoother, and actually seems to help speed up recovery time a bit too.”
“I think…” Sherlock panted, swallowing down air like a drowning man. “I think I blacked out for a second.”
John was left standing at the door with his mouth hanging open in complete shock. He had seen Sherlock worked up before, upset, even angry, but this was different. Sherlock had been desperate. Desperate for an escape and John had been the only thing standing in the way.
He walked over to Sherlock, dropped a quick kiss on his lips, and rolled the sleeve up so that Sherlock could pass his arm cast through, and then repositioned it on the sling, though Sherlock still uttered a few choice words. John helped him put on his trousers, socks and shoes, but held on to Sherlock's coat knowing that it would only cause the detective more pain to try to put it on.
"I'll have a look at it later," he said dismissively.
"Good, because you're lucky I found you so soon or John would have throttled you when you came back to your room." Lestrade smirked and Sherlock had the decency to look slightly ashamed at what he'd done. "Maybe this way you'll remember to tell someone where you're going before running off."
Sherlock turned around and kissed John softly in the lips. "I missed you." John smiled, surprised at the spontaneous show of affection. "I'll be waiting for you," Sherlock said with a wink and made his way up the stairs.
The detective huffed in annoyance but finally replied. “Just before the case started.”
"I'm free, John!" Sherlock exclaimed as he flexed and moved his arm every which way. It was six weeks after the accident and he was finally allowed to remove both the cast and the sling.
Lestrade and Sherlock came back ten minutes afterwards and John jumped up when he saw that Sherlock was leaning heavily on the detective inspector. He walked over to them and helped get Sherlock back into bed before he unleashed his full fury at the consulting detective. "What the fuck were you thinking, Sherlock?" he shouted angrily, "You don't tell the nurses where you're going, you don't tell me where you're going, and you end up on the fucking roof? What the hell were you doing there?"
"John," Mycroft called out, trying to get the man's attention again, "tell me everything that happened."
When they pulled apart Sherlock had a wide smile on his face. “That’s very reassuring,” he said.
In one of the rare days where John went to work at the clinic Sherlock went over to the Diogenes Club to meet with Mycroft. He wasn't fond of the idea as he knew his brother would be terribly smug about the whole thing, but he was his brother, and even if only due to family obligation he would help him.
"I do know, but if anything like that happens he's going to need you home to look after him. You won't be able to find him now, John. He'll come home to you when he's ready."
“No.”
John took his time, kissing and licking and sucking slowly and fervidly, bringing Sherlock to the edge and then pulling him back again, only to prolong the pleasure. It felt good seeing Sherlock so undone; the hitching in his breath, the shifting of his hips, all courtesy of John Watson. Sherlock was always so controlled, but John had finally found a way to make him let go. There was no thinking now, no cases, no deductions, just pure and unabashed pleasure flowing through the two of them.
"Where else would I go?" John smiled softly at the detective, his panic slightly less now that Sherlock could breathe. "John?"
“What now?” Sherlock snapped. John looked affronted for a moment before Sherlock seemed to realise what he’d said and went over to John and wrapped his arms around him. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
His brain wouldn’t get any oxygen.
Sherlock scoffed. "I don't need physiotherapy. I know all the exercises and I have a doctor at home, what else do I need?"
Sherlock could do nothing but look back at him. He didn’t want to do anything to disrupt this moment. He was trying to deduce what John was thinking, worried that he was suddenly regretting everything they’d done so far and was trying to find a way to stop without hurting Sherlock’s feelings. It had been too good to be true, after all.
"Nope, there will be time for details later. Now's the time for celebration," Sherlock said with a mischievous wink.
Sherlock woke up with a start. He was gasping, which was painful, his head was throbbing, which was painful, and he could hear the heart monitor beeping quickly. At first he didn’t recognize the room he was in, hence his slight panic, but a quick look around the room finally settled his nerves once he realized he was in the hospital. He looked to the side, thankfully noting that John was still asleep, and shut his eyes once again. He shifted slightly in bed, wondering if he was due for another dose of pain medication any time soon. He certainly felt like he needed it.
He looked down to see John’s hand wrapped tightly around his own bandaged one. John was asleep, sitting in an uncomfortable looking hospital chair and slumped over Sherlock’s bed.
They both skittered across the floor, the thief trying to hold on to the bat and Sherlock trying to pry it out of his hands.
He grudgingly accepted the fact that he would need to talk to someone before actually proposing, if only to make sure he didn't completely mess it up, and started evaluating his choices. Lestrade would tease him incessantly, Mrs Hudson and Molly would both beam so much every time they saw them together they would probably give everything away in a heartbeat. There was no one else; he would have to go to Mycroft.
It has been a long, long day and John’s body finally gives in and demands sleep. He retires early and succumbs to a much-needed slumber following the events of the past week.
“Mandatory?” She frowns. “Not mandatory, but it is a Doctors without Borders clinic. It’s generally recommended leaving the borders every once in a while.”
“Nothing,” John says, shaking his head. “Forget about it.”
“Have…?”
“Yeah. You’re
to Gaza, but how he
Exactly one month since David came back home, the tension with Alison had reached a boiling point and broke them. Sherlock has been watching it live for days; it’s happening right in front of his eyes, beginning when Alison came downstairs the morning after the car park incident with John.
John struggles with the portable high chair they brought with them and finds a banana to settle her before she fusses too loudly. He putters around the unfamiliar kitchen for the makings of tea with toast and finally sits down next to her, sharing small slices of bread with her.
In case it doesn’t, the medical documents detail severe, untreated diabetes and early kidney failure due to untreated familial Mediterranean fever. Any medical professional on the other side of the channel will vouch for them as temporary asylum-seekers as soon as they lay their eyes on these papers. They’ll be thrown into the overloaded, overwhelmed asylum machine, and by the time anyone gets a good, hard look at any standard blood test results, the proof of Mary’s involvement in this transaction will be long gone.
“She,” he repeats. “The baby. It’s a girl.”
John looks at his watch, relieved. “Yeah, alright. I think we should be leaving by now anyway, Sherlock.”
“I’d rather be waterboarded.”
Sherlock hisses in frustration, looking around him with his hands in his pockets; he can’t hear Billy, Billy can’t hear him and - he’s sure - Billy can’t hear a word of what Elin and David are saying.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice is stern, cold.
“I certainly do.”
He vows.
The flat is dark and quiet by the time John’s footsteps are heard from the hall. Mrs. Hudson is by now more than half-way into her herbal soother, having been coaxed by Sherlock to call it a night. Eventually, she’d agreed to leave him to his thoughts and Google searches after a long-winded attempt on her end to get him to eat.
“I’d rather wait till I come back,” Sherlock says, picking up the photography equipment.
“What I hear you say, though, is that you always have the option to choose the drugs. You don’t usually, but you did during those times. Why would you say that was?”
“Yes,” Alison sniffs, finally bursting into tears.
Sherlock looks at him this time, really looks at him. He still can’t seem to find his strength.
“I moved back from Bristol when this one was born. Single mother,” She says. “Never found the right man. Mum was scandalized at first but melted the minute she met her. Maya.” She says and turns around to show the sleeping baby.
Freeing himself from work today means he’s free for the rest of the week till Christmas comes around. They’ve made no substantial plans, only to spend Christmas Eve quietly at Baker Street.
James lowers his eyes, skeptical.
“Sorry?”
“Why?” Sherlock pushes. “Why would you do that?”
“Really? Here?” John says. “No wonder you look like shit.”
“I wouldn’t want to impede on your plans for Christmas…” She hesitates. “I have Sherlock’s permission to invite you to join us. With Rosamund, of course, if you're willing. It’ll be a small affair, I’m afraid. What with Will’s condition I wasn’t keen on preparing for a big do’ but...”
“We have twenty people on them, don’t be stupid!” Lestrade orders him.
Was she considering marrying one of them, perhaps finding herself in a relationship either her family or the Church would disapprove of? Was the necklace a gift from one of the men? Was her departure risking the reputation of the Church, of the order?
“Alright. But why have you been ignoring me?” He asks Sherlock. “I’ve been trying to reach you for weeks.”
“Yeah—”
Sherlock stares at Priya as she leaves.
There’s something else he needs to take care of though, before all of that. He needs a second opinion.
He stops abruptly when John turns and forcefully grabs his lapels.
“I don’t know what the dinner was about, or what it was supposed to be.” John confesses. “It was weird that he asked, that he came to London in the first place, but I didn’t get the sense anything sinister was going on.’
He doesn’t trust
“Don’t you knock, Lestrade?” Sherlock huffs indignantly.
“We’ll know when we hear it,” Mycroft responds. “Your job will be to gain his trust, get him to open up, talk about things he may have chosen not to disclose to Sherlock or his investigators upon his return.”
“And the flowers will be on their way to Hertfordshire as soon as you sign this.”
Rosie senses the intensity of the conversation and she begins to fuss on Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlocks grabs her and moves her from his shoulders to balance on his hips without a word.
“I’ll be far more useful if I go back to Gaza,” Sherlock says. “I’ll work this from the ground. Reach out to my asset, dig into this a bit more.”
“After what happened at the mortuary…” John takes a deep breath. “Mycroft texted me and demanded I stay away from Sherlock. I… ignored him. I wasn’t in the right mind to fight or disagree. After a while we… recovered our friendship. Things were semi back to normal and Mycroft took a step back. He knew I was planning on moving and said that for the moment he won’t insist that I break all ties with Sherlock but made me swear I won’t go back to Baker Street.”
“Mary thinks… she thinks it’s because you got bored,” he says. “That you thought… with a baby around…”
“I’ll have Anthea set everything up.” They nod to each other in understanding. “If what you’re saying is true… you’ll have to work quickly.”
“Do you miss it?” John asks.
Would he have made it past his first year in London without Sherlock’s storm turning his life upside down, making him forget about his service gun’s siren call?
“He… he told you that?”
The town car is quiet, with only the barest hint of music and the driver’s finger tapping. The driver, a ruddy-cheeked man with a hint of a Welsh accent, hums thoughtlessly to a tune originating in his own head rather than from the radio.
d have to live under a rock not to.”
“What?” John frowns.
Sherlock shakes his head. “That won’t be necessary.”
They share a moment of laughter and a comfortable silence at that.
“I should go.” John sighs and stands, moving to clear up the now empty boxes of food. “It’s my turn with Rosie.”
“Watching me cooped up in this place like a convalescing invalid.”
And teach him she did. Ella was nothing if not a professional, and he found the tools she gave him quite helpful.
Sherlock hesitates for a long, terrible moment. “Because it’s true.”
Sherlock, for once, wouldn't mind him leaving.
All Sherlock has, all he’d ever had, are lies. A web of lies he’d entangled himself in so deeply for so many years, it’s hard to tell what’s true and what isn’t. If John insists on that, he won’t be able to give him what he wants. Not now, and not ever.
“It’s him.” Sherlock says.
Through a series of grunts he reaches his bed, changing to his pajamas. He pops two pills from the container waiting for him on the bedside table, downing them dry with a scowl. Everything hurts.
“I am.” Lestrade declares. “And I suggest that you do.”
“Did you ever ask Ernie about the rosary?”
He hears Sherlock’s worried, restless breaths as he prepares to speak. “Do you love me, John?” Sherlock asks grimly.
“No, absolutely not,” Sherlock admits weakly.
“What are you on about?” Lestrade calls loudly behind him as Sherlock rushes out of the car park.
Sherlock shakes his head.
“I get it,” he says, hoping to sound rational, sympathetic. “That you’d want to work someplace else. It’s too… crowded, working and living together, claustrophobic. I get that, I do.”
“So, do you still keep your nose stuck down that microscope?” She says with a hopeful, mischievous smile.  John admires her for the quick turnover.
“You spoke to Mummy.” Sherlock says as they approach the blinding glare of a tall light tunnel, waking John from his reverie.
By the time he hangs up the light in the flat is gone. He was too preoccupied with his phone to notice whether the person who sneaked inside somehow managed to sneak outside.
Sherlock turns to him, admonishing. “Always lift with your knees, John-”
“Did she give him any?”
“Were you tortured and interrogated in Gaza?” Mycroft asks.
John knows that time is a universal constant here on Earth. A second is a second everywhere, for everyone no matter what. But time seemed to have stretched unnaturally for John since Sherlock took off on that plane. His days are somehow longer; they go on and on, his body and mind lagging.
“Yes?”
“What?” Sherlock asks, surprised.
She cried and wailed all the way to Baker Street. Once they were there she made a beeline to an unsuspecting Sherlock as if her life depended on it.
"Can you watch her for me for a second?” John asks, tearing Sherlock away from his fascinating new evidence wall. “I've got a cab waiting.”
Sherlock is right. Of course he’s bloody right. David is charming on the face of it, but there’s something deeper lurking inside, something abrasive and forceful that shows itself in that glimmer that John had caught sight of twice, now.
And so he sits, listening to David spinning yarn. Not because he enjoys it, no. Moments ago, as he wobbled on the rickety chair, it dawned on him that this was a bad idea.
Lestrade flops in his chair with a tired grunt. “How did you get out?”
“Major Sholto—”
“Corporal, does protocol allow snipers to take on observation duty at a compound’s tower together with their spotters?”
“These people are idiots, Mycroft,” Sherlock says over his shoulder as his brother joins him at a distant part of the base’s running track. Sherlock had been running for a good twenty minutes, his breath heavy and his cheeks pink with exertion. “You should be worried. This entire country should be worried if these are their top intelligence officers.”
“You’re not a stand-in, you never were. No one could ever compete with you. I tried... I went looking for other people but it was never what I needed. Take as much time as you need, but please know that I’m waiting. I’m waiting for you to come back to me, so we can figure this out once and for all.”
Mycroft and Sherlock turn to look at the lines produced by the machine, the results of David’s test. The graph is flat, and there seems to be no indication that David is lying. Mycroft looks at Sherlock with a keen eye, but doesn’t say a word.
Instead of pajamas, she's wearing a burgundy off-shoulder dress that clings to the subtle curves of her too-thin frame. Under his lingering gaze, a flush begins to spread from somewhere below the dress' generous cleavage, all the way up to her cheeks.
“Oh, God.” John grunts, more to himself than anyone else. “I can’t be a father, Sherlock, I can’t—” he chokes. “I don’t want to, Sherlock.” John says, and Sherlock’s brain is wiped clean at the pain in his words. “I never wanted to, and I don’t think Mary ever planned to and—
Sherlock’s phone cuts him short.
When did we become this stilted triangle? Why do you need her presence to be able to be at ease with mine?
That makes 0% sense to me, so let's use our imagination and ignore the entire scene. My guess is that Mark Gatiss lost the show bible the day he wrote that scene. If you have a better explanation, Mark Gatiss, feel free to comment. I'm open to discussion.
“Going away,” David says. “The Amazon. Or a lonely island. New York even, if you fancy that.”
Writing these lines is even more important these days, in the midst of covid-19. It's an exceptionally difficult time for everyone, you are absolutely not alone in feeling like the entire world has turned against you. Covid-19 brought to light plenty of remote healthcare solutions like BetterHelp and the likes. Use them. Speak out. Tell people how you feel. I promise you there will be at least one person on this planet that will offer a helping hand. Remember: it is conquerable.
John didn't want to give in so quickly, Sherlock really had scared him, but he couldn't help the grin that spread across his face at Sherlock's declaration. He took his plate from the tray and looked at Sherlock who had not yet made a move towards his own breakfast.
Sherlock broke off when John kissed him abruptly on the lips, effectively shutting him up. He struggled for a second or two, adamant that he needed to get his point across, but gave in soon enough and just relinquished himself to the sensation. John only broke off once he was certain Sherlock was going to shut up and let him speak.
The detective shook his head, snapping out of his daze. “She wasn’t supposed to be here.”
"I'm sure he'll wake up soon, John."
Sherlock jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom where he shouted for John to join in. After their shower they dressed quickly and John made breakfast while Sherlock made tea.
He finally arrived at his destination and after taking a deep breath to steady himself for the conversation he was about to have he walked in and was unsurprised when he was lead directly to Mycroft's office. On the way there his thoughts kept reverting back to Sherlock and his little escapade last night. He wished Sherlock had stayed. That way he wouldn't have to go looking for him today and lose more time that they could be spending together.
The next day was spent between Scotland Yard, the crime scene and Bart's. Sherlock and John had shown up like Lestrade had asked and it was obvious how relieved the detective inspector was. It wasn't an exceptionally difficult case but Lestrade was working on several cases at once and needed Sherlock's help, which Sherlock was more than happy to supply.
“John, I need you to sit up, your tea’s ready.”
The kettle clicked off at that point and John moved over to the counter to fill their mugs with water. Sherlock was quickly behind him, wrapping his arms around John once again, bringing them together at the front in line with the mugs. Once John put the water in, squeezed and took out the teabags Sherlock added the milk and did one final stir. Soon enough their tea was ready and they moved over to the sofa.
“I love you too,” John replied, “And I won’t let you leave, not again. We’re in this together.”
"Because I'm asking you."
He was sitting quiet and straight back on his chair, his eyes staring off into the distance. While Lestrade was used to being ignored by Sherlock, especially when he was thinking, he was worried that John’s injury had upset Sherlock more than he’d let on- not that he would ever admit that it had upset him in the first place.
Lestrade chuckled, amused at Sherlock's attempt to change the subject. He knew that Lestrade wasn't happy with what he'd done, he wasn't as angry as John, of course, but he still intended on saying something to Sherlock.
Exhaustion made them both succumb to sleep instantly. John slept more deeply and less fitfully than Sherlock though. The detective knew that he had to wake John up in two hours and had regulated his internal alarm clock accordingly.
"Is that so?" John asked, disbelief clear in his tone. "How about the fact that you're still having to take regular medication, meaning you'll need to eat regularly which you will forget to if you're working, the fact that your arm is in a cast and in a sling which will prevent you from doing any running whatsoever as well as most experiments you will most likely deem necessary to conduct to finish the case as well as the fact that you're still recovering from your broken ribs?"
"I'm cold."
Matt chuckled, “That he is, Mrs Hudson. We’re doing everything we can to help him, his lungs just need a little bit of a nudge. But we’ll still need to take him to the hospital afterwards. Will you be coming with him?”
Sherlock shifted closer to John. "Why don't you check?"
John thought back to the last day he had spent with Sherlock. They'd been on the run, hiding from Lestrade and his team with Molly's help, though he was certain that if Lestrade had really wanted to find them he probably would have been able to. Sherlock had taken every chance to push John away, determined to work through the 'final problem' alone. John still didn't understand what had happened on that rooftop. Moriarty had killed himself so there should have been no reason for Sherlock to jump. With Moriarty gone they would've had the chance to clear Sherlock's name. He would have gotten his life back and everything would go back to normal- as normal as living with Sherlock Holmes could be. But Sherlock had jumped, spending his last breaths trying to convince John that he was a fake. Maybe he thought that if John believed him it would somehow make it easier to grieve, but he had been wrong. John had been angry at himself for not being able to help Sherlock, for not being able to talk him down. Sherlock was his best friend and he hadn't been able to pull him back from the edge. What kind of friend did that make him?
“Shut up. Just shut up for once,” he says. “I
“That’s not what I mean and you know it.”
“Brother.” Mycroft stands up, and Edwin joins him. “I see you’ve been busy.”
Sherlock surprises John by suggesting that he and Mrs. Hudson celebrate Christmas Eve at John’s flat. John thinks it’s a lovely idea, and he goes all out with decorations, tree and all.
“What did you do then?”
” John says, seeing red. “Really, Mycroft? You’re one to talk! I wasn’t the one who threw him into Moriarty’s lion's den more times than I can remember! How many times have you asked me to look after him after you fucked up?”
, he wants to say,
Sherlock always leaves.
They nod their way into a mutual sulk, staring out their respective windows for the remainder of the long drive.
. She was the most glorious-”
“He’s an arse.” David swallows. “He always has been. When we first met him—the section—we worshipped at his feet. He started out as a sniper, too. He was a legend. But then we… we know things about him. I saw him doing things that…”
“Fine,” David says through gritted teeth, his anger still apparent in every inch of his body.
“I don’t remember any of that. The last thing I remember is talking to him at the bar. About a woman. Some woman in a purple dress who wouldn’t stop talking to him.”
“Oh yeah.” Mary nods. “Takes a lot more than that to break me.”
“Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?” He says coldly.
“Sherlock!” John calls and Sherlock finally turns to look at him.
Something clicks in Khoury’s eyes, and they finally focus on Sherlock’s. The detective goes in for the kill.
“Hmm?” Sherlock’s humming is far away, distracted.
! he wants to yell at him.
“Just… leave it,” John says, tightening his hold on the steering wheel.
worst days.
Being locked inside 221B meant he’d lost track of time. He’d been making plans regarding Magnussen since the day he was released from hospital, and everything is in motion; they’re ready to go once everyone gathers at his parents’ house.
“That’s not very ethical, is it?” Sherlock asks. “Sending your current partner to pour his heart out in front of your past lover. You said couples counselling too, didn’t you?”
A loud noise cuts through his daydream. It's a truck honking, from somewhere up the main road.
"Still is, he's gone to retrieve a nurse."
"No," Sherlock breathed and relaxed into the touch.
Sherlock felt suddenly empty as John removed his fingers from within him. He was about to protest when he realised what John was doing.
John didn't open his eyes but he heard Sherlock getting changed and then felt the mattress dip slightly when Sherlock got on top of it. He straddled John's hips from behind and started pulling his shirt over his arms.
He ran to Sherlock, trying to assess his injuries, only to realize that he would have to move the boy out of the way first.
Sherlock looked back and shot him a look; his infamous 'you do see, you just don't observe' look.
"Would you like me to take care of that?" John asked, stealing a kiss from Sherlock's parted lips.
After their late breakfast they both got dressed and went to the park. The day was relatively sunny- as sunny as London could be- and John insisted that they go out for at least an hour. Regardless of his insistence that he wasn’t expecting anything John had booked a table for them at a restaurant which he managed to steer Sherlock towards during their walk without raising suspicion.
John was proven right not five minutes later when the thief came to a sudden stop in an alleyway not ten minutes from Baker Street.
“Make me.”
"Oh, thank God for that," she said, relief clear in her voice.
It was at that point that both parents seemed to realize that their child was not where they thought, and they started sweeping the scene in search of him. Sherlock was stopped by a brief second when he saw the mother's eyes widen. He quickly turned around and saw that the boy was walking towards the road where a car was coming at a considerable speed.
"That would be perfect."
They all stood around the two unmoving forms, Lestrade and the boy's parents softly calling out the boy’s name, trying to wake him up. Sylvia cupped her son's cheek and called out for him as tears ran down her face. Slowly the boy's eyes opened and he called his mother's name and everyone breathed out a collective sigh of relief. Everyone but John; Sherlock was still unmoving.
"And when would that be?" asked Sherlock impatiently.
At that John jumped up in bed, "Why? What's wrong?"
John was still slightly dizzy so Sherlock helped him out of the car and into the flat, faintly calling out a thank you to Lestrade before he drove away.
"I agree. We've got plenty of time for that," John said and sat up in bed. He grabbed a pillow and placed it between his legs before motioning for Sherlock to lay his head on top of it. The detective looked confused for a second but quickly followed John's instructions.
"I said," Sherlock nearly shouted, "I know why."
"Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I just..." he cleared his throat, trying to hide his embarrassment over what happened the previous night. "It was a tough day. And hmm, thank you for checking up on me."
“John, will you marry me?”
"Definitely not," Sherlock mumbled, still slightly incoherent, which just made John grin even more at having been able to do that to Sherlock.
"Oh, Sherlock," John breathed, touched and surprised at all the trouble Sherlock had gone through. He had never seen Sherlock do anything like this, but now he finally understood why. It also explained the odd questions and the missing food, which was a relief.
It was a statement of how tired he was that he didn't contradict John.
He heard Sherlock groaning from the living room as he sat up on the sofa, rubbing his stiff neck as best as he could. “Of course I will. I just needed to finish that case, which I have now.”
While Lauren observed Sherlock’s losing battle with his lungs, Matt attached him to their monitoring. They both frowned at the readings, though they were unsurprised by them given their patient’s appearance.
John was frozen in place, shock completely overtaking his body at the view in front of him. He had never even entertained the possibility that Sherlock might have come back to Baker Street. He assumed he would have been hiding out somewhere, but he never thought Sherlock would come back home. He'd spent the entire day roaming around London looking for him, ready to confront him about everything that had happened that dreadful day, but now that he was here John didn't know what to do. His best friend was asleep on his bed and the only thing going through John's mind right now was an overwhelming urge to join him. To just lay in bed with Sherlock, to convince himself that he really was here and that this wasn't just another dream.
At first he told himself that he was waiting for the right woman to come along, afterwards he told himself that if he jumped into a serious commitment after coming out of a stressful event it wouldn’t be real, but after meeting Sherlock Holmes his life became one stressful event after another. As his feeling for his flatmate grew more than a little platonic he completely disregarded the thought of marriage. He always assumed he would be too busy, or the one person he would never be too busy for just wouldn’t be interested.
"I don't want to sound like I'm controlling you, I just want you to take better care of yourself." John buried his head on Sherlock's shoulder and the detective wrapped his arms tightly around him.
John shook his head in amusement. “That doesn’t even make any sense.”
John looked behind him and spotted none other than Mrs Hudson calmly walking out of her flat. He felt all the blood rushing to his cheeks and quickly tried to compose himself.
"Of course, what do you need?"
But Sherlock didn’t do anything. He simply sat on John’s lap looking down at him. As the moments passed Sherlock’s grin turned into a soft smile that had John wondering what exactly was going on in his husband’s head.
It was then that the ambulance thankfully arrived and Lestrade pulled John out of the way so that the paramedics could get to work. One of them started working on Sherlock and the other was checking over the boy.
Shock and surprise passed over Mycroft's face once again before his expression settled on something much more amiable; happiness. He had always felt that John Watson had been a sort of blessing in Sherlock's life, someone he could depend on to help him look after his little brother, and he had not been mistaken. That Sherlock was finally realizing how much John meant to him and was actually doing something about made him feel extremely pleased.
"Yes," John shouted from the bedroom.
The detective scoffed. "What do you mean stupid?"
He had stored all the memories of the wedding in John’s room in his mind palace, cherishing them forever. He had never deleted anything that pertained to John in any way, especially time that they had spent together, but this held a special place for him. Whenever he saw John’s wedding ring or his own, or their suits placed carefully in the closet, or the photo album Molly had so kindly organised for them all the memories came rushing back and he felt a swell of happiness.
"Lestrade!" he exclaimed.
"Then I will abide."
"Do you honestly think that any scenario where you tie me to a chair is going to end with me eating and not with you on your knees?"
Suddenly Sherlock got up and made for the door, grabbing his coat on the way. "We're going out," he declared, and walked out, barely giving John time to get his own coat and follow him.
"Shh, it's okay," John soothed, running his hands over Sherlock's curls, "I know you are. I'm not mad. Just please,
"I was thinking you might be able to go home tomorrow, now that they've removed the chest tube."
His hand was firmer.
"I missed you. The bed's cold without you." John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock on the lips. It was clear that something had upset Sherlock, but John didn't want to pressure him right now, he just wanted him to come back to bed. "Come to bed with me, I'll help you sleep."
John dropped the shopping bags off in the kitchen before going back into the living room and kneeling beside Sherlock, questioning the detective’s current situation seeing as he never stopped in the middle on an experiment and he rarely ever napped in the middle of the afternoon.
It was then that Sherlock felt John shifting in their shared bed. The doctor yawned loudly and stretched as far as he could in the confined space. "Who were you talking to?"
John didn’t think he’d ever been quite so shocked by a question before. He felt like his brain was completely frozen, still trying to work through the words he had just heard- or thought he heard. Had Sherlock really just proposed? If he had he should probably answer soon or Sherlock would get the wrong idea, but he couldn’t get his mouth to work.
“What is it?”
It was then that he realized he was still undressed and quickly ran over to the wardrobe and put on the first thing he laid his hands on. After putting his shoes on he ran downstairs grabbed his jacket and the tray Mrs. Hudson had brought up.
“About what?” John asked, surprised that Sherlock was voicing such a thought, no matter what it was about.
The flat was teeming with memories of Sherlock. The bullet holes he'd shot into the wall when he was bored, the marks on the table, the case files that would never be reviewed... John felt overwhelmed by the memories once again and reached for the bottle only to realize he had left it in the kitchen. He got up and retrieved it before collapsing on his chair again. He had drunk more than he originally thought but the deep sadness he felt today engulfed him and he continued to drink. He felt like there was a hole in his chest; a Sherlock sized hole and there was nothing that could fill it. He clutched his Union Jack pillow, and he drank, and he cried, and he remembered.
For hours on end, he laid one punch, then another into the broken body sprawled on the floor. As the man lay convulsing like a fish out of water underneath his bloody knuckles, he'd wished for death.
“I don’t know, David.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing, brother.” He says simply.
“Wait, don’t pick that up.” John pleads. He has to say something before this day steals Sherlock away.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine, Gem. Don’t worry about it. I’m here if you need anything, really,” Mary says sweetly. She does put up such a lovely façade, doesn’t she? He wonders what Gem might think if she knew half of Mary’s secrets.
It’s only a fraction of a second, that glimpse of recognition. It’s instantaneously disrupted by Mary’s colleague, calling to catch her attention. Mary turns to look at the heavily pregnant woman, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder while leading her into the clinic.
“We’re not done discussing Magnussen,” Mycroft protests.
he berates himself.
He's been madly in love with 'old' Sherlock, to various degrees, since the day he’d met him. Loved him just the way he’s always been and never needed him to change. There’s no telling what this new and improved Sherlock might inflict on John’s heart.
There’s a silence from David, one John feels in his sternum, but isn’t sure why.
“Sure?” John asks tightly, though it’s more a threat than a question.
John exhales loudly and turns to Rosie.
“Yes, thank you for the reminder, Sherlock-”
With a knot in his stomach he grabs his phone even as his eyes are still closed. He sits up and opens the texts app.
John rides back to London alone. Sherlock left for his mother’s house; John volunteered to pack a few things for both of them.
“I see,” John laughs. “That’s too bad.”
“My name is Dinah Louise Sutton,” she says, her words carefully punctuated. “I’m seventy-three years old, and I was born in Chelmsford, England.”
"Need to get the powder burns off of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case."
“Go ahead, Mummy.” Lottie says.
He nods his head slowly, faux-contemplative. “I’ll take that risk.”
“Oi!” John calls, genuinely surprised. “Oh, hi.”
“Did you experience any memory loss or lost time since you started taking this medication?”
“He is,” David says. “He prayed outside the room they had me locked in. I used to watch him through a crack under the door.”
This house stands out in its solitude, as far away as possible from the village centre and neighbouring houses. This is the house the Holmes family escaped to from Musgrave, evidently opting to stay away from nosey neighbours and the mundane, indifferent lives of the other families in town.
"Alright." Sherlock says begrudgingly, happy the discussion is over.
“What unnerved you about her?”
John's face crumbled as he read his friend's face.
“There’s something I learned in my years as a therapist and certainly as a person,” David says with a smile. “It’s the fact that sometimes, the person who means the most to us in the world, isn’t necessarily the person who’s the most right for us.”
“Yeah, mate,” The boy says, a regular of his homeless network.
“Not processed yet.”
“Sensible?” John says. “What could you possibly know about being sensible?”
“So?”
It’s an eclectic symphony, one that used to soothe his nerves and calm his brain when he’d allow for it to happen.
“Mr. Holmes, I’ll be more than happy to let you review the materials, but I’ll need some reassurances,” Edwin says. “Despite the most recent….
truth,” Sherlock says. “I can’t vouch for its veracity, not yet.”
“David—”
Shocked with Sherlock’s calculated words, John clears his throat loudly.
) is a good-looking man. He’s slightly shorter than Sherlock with a stylish swoop of dark hair on his head and intelligent hazel eyes. He’s about as elegant as you’d expect from a man who specializes in accessories in this sort of place.
Sherlock finally catches up to the man. He grabs David by his arm, looking deep into the man’s eyes. “I think Aldridge might try to harm you.”
“No, I’m really not, Sherlock.” John’s voice is pitch higher now, frustrated. “Of course I’m not going back to her. She shot you.”
“Dr. Watson, I believe I’ve told you before that on occasion it takes Sherlock Holmes to fool me. Regrettably, I think this is one of those occasions,” Mycroft scowls. “Tell me, Sherlock, what really happened to your asset in Gaza, hm? The one who died mysteriously shortly after breaking the news to you about a turned British warrior—”
Closer now, he can see the fine lines etched across Sherlock’s face, a face he’s so intimately familiar with after all these years; this, right in front of him, is ‘
They don’t speak that morning at all. He leaves for the clinic without so much as goodbye.
“That hardly seems fair,” Sherlock sighs. “You haven’t exactly bared your soul about much of anything, either.”
"Sadly, yes." Mycroft says.
“What is that?” Sherlock asks, pointing at David’s finger. “This tremor in your hand?”
“There must be some mistake—”
John turns to Sherlock.
“Sherlock’s gone for a walk with Rosie.” He reports awkwardly, unsure how to start a conversation given yesterday morning. ”Have they been gone long? Not sure when’s a good time to start worrying.”
appreciate the way you’ve been supporting him. I know how hard it has been. How hard it still is. But you have good instincts and you clearly love him very much. He’s very lucky in that sense.”
“No one at MI6 dared to even consider the idea,” Sherlock says coldly. “A failure of imagination, not intelligence.”
He ascended the stairs quickly, opening the door. "John!" he called out.
She stands angrily, moving away from the table. “You do realize he’s not the saint you make him out to be, right?”
They both opt for silence as another couple slowly passes behind them. John squares his shoulders, finding every bit of strength in his body he can possibly muster. Because... in his own bungling way, Sherlock just confessed something important.
“Excuse me?” David says, outraged. “What kind of question is that?”
Sherlock’s brow dips further.
They stare at the table for a long time, both holding back their questions, their answers, their fears.
“The Baskerville one was my favorite,” Saul says. “Although that one’s on us, I’m afraid. Apologies.”
“Right.” Lestrade says.
“Perhaps as initiation,” Mycroft contemplates. “A test of loyalty to the cause.”
she wants to.”
I challenged myself to write the most low-key coming out for John. Did it work?
“Did he tell you about them? About what they did to him?”
“They never found his body, did they? So where is he? He couldn’t have just disappeared,” John says. “He must have gone underground again somehow. If David’s turned, he’s getting his orders from someone, isn’t he?”
“Yes, apologize,” David says. “For sending us into a war zone just to stay friendly with the bloody Americans.”
“Yeah,” David says. “You’ve been around, I haven’t. What do you make of her?”
Rosie is miserable still the next night and the night after that. Driving to Baker Street seems to be a magic cure; it keeps Rosie from crying and helps her dad feel as though he’s not completely useless. She falls asleep, exhausted, by the time they reach 221B. It stands dark and lonely, Mrs. Hudson’s absence making the building feel that much emptier.
“We’ve tried that recently. She… wasn’t a fan.”
“It wasn’t that bad,” he says. “Besides, it’s a waste of time. I have plans.”
“Did you slip a piece of razor blade to Yasser Khoury?”
"That was Saul Berenson, Acting Director of the CIA.”
Sherlock grimaces at the loud greeting, staring at a black Skype video chat screen. “Yes, I can hear you!”
“Watson.” Sherlock reproaches her.
’ behind him.
Sherlock bites his lip thoughtfully.
“Haven’t noticed.” They both smile. “You look good. How’ve you been? What have you been up to?”
John looks up in surprise, then laughs. “Boring.” He shrugs.
“Oh, please.” Sherlock frowns in disbelief.
“Honestly, John.”
"Of course. Of course, I am. But.. listen, Sherlock." John lifted his eyes up to meet Sherlock's. Sherlock knew that tone. He'd heard it so many times before. It was never as kind and gentle, true, but he recognizes it for what it is, nonetheless.
.” Saul smiles tightly. “And you’ll have to ask her that.”
“I’m afraid everything important happens on Twitter these days, Sherlock.”
Around midnight, Sherlock calls and they’re talking comfortably. Sherlock tells him his most recent idea for making John happy (
“I don't know. You just got in my car,” he says with a boyish glint in his eyes. His smile is genuine, but Sherlock can see the nervousness in it. When Sherlock doesn’t reciprocate, David recalculates, walking back on his joke. “You called me. Said you had something to tell me.”
“He spoke some English to me,” David says. “Not sure about Hebrew.”
it reads, in Sherlock’s distinct scroll.
Sherlock—who always,
“No, you most certainly are not, but there’s a young lady here who loves having you around. We don’t know each other that well yet and she might get uncomfortable having only me around.”
“Yes.” David says wearily. Sherlock can see the tells of David’s previous night’s misadventure - the hangover, the aching knuckles, the slouchy shoulders following his argument with Alison over his drunken state. Sherlock watched a live show of it this morning on the screens in his bolthole.
The venom in Sherlock’s voice works quickly enough, stunning John into a shameful silence.
“Oh, William was so happy to have Eurus.
David nods. “Would you say that John is a calming presence in your home, Sherlock?”
“Mary?” He says surprised, recognizing her voice. “Yeah, come in. Alright?”
“I know, I know. I’m sorry. I’m just... surprised.” He breathes in again. “Listen, Sherlock, these past few months... You’ve been amazing. You’re so brave, and I did my absolute best to support you, right?”
“Fuss, yeah I know,” John finishes Sherlock’s sentence. “Have fun then.”
His response throws her off but she regroups quickly. “Will Sherlock having other people in his life diminish your importance to him?”
“If Stewart has indeed been turned, he sits on a literal treasure trove of operational information. Contacts, assets, MOs, though it’s fair to assume—rather inadvertently.” Edwin clears his throat uncomfortably, to John’s surprise. “My guess would be that given the Corporal’s behavior so far, there might still be a chance to use the benefit of your…
“I moved my shifts around, Sherlock. I’m spending all morning with Rosie tomorrow,” he assures him, insistent. He digs himself even deeper into the uncomfortable mattress, searching for a better angle. “It’s fine. I can stay.”
John takes another deep, bracing breath. Sherlock, involuntarily, takes one as well.“What did she mean by…” John hesitates. “Why couldn’t Ernie believe my dad did what they said he did? What did she mean by that?”
The man smiles at Sherlock as he leaves the room, unencumbered by the task he’d just performed. Sherlock ignores him; every track of his mind converges on what seems to be the most promising opportunity for an actual lead that might pull him out of this dead end road; getting something, anything useful about David's plans.
“There’s not much to tell, John,” Sherlock says.
them, for that matter."
The case was dull. It took him less than 45 minutes to uncover who was killing elderly women and men lone in nearby villages: the photographer was an employee of the local magazine, an intrepid traveler expected to chat up locals to scout out new stories in this God-forsaken corner of the planet. He would murder them, head off to another interview or assignment, then call the police as if he just happened to stumble upon a dead body.
“What’s that?” John asks.
“Why don’t you just ask John?”
David opens the box hesitantly, looking at her as he does. Sherlock moves closer to the screen in an attempt to see a bit more. Once the box is open, David slowly pulls out photos, pieces of letters; things he must have kept in his personal kit at the compound before he was captured.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Got any plans tonight?” David asks when he doesn’t receive an answer to his last question.
“David, I think your life might be in danger.” Sherlock blurts out quickly.
Sherlock stands up, walks towards the window. It’s moments like these that he misses Baker Street, misses his violin. By now, Sherlock’s used to not being in his element, but he prefers it. One can hardly solve an international case of intrigue from a run-down hotel room.
“I’d still like to know why they killed Palmer and not Stewart,” John says.
“Yeah. Thank you...” He says and looks away. He repeats the words he told Sherlock.  “It’s, uh… water under the bridge.”
“I believe so.” David smiles. “The three of you had a complex relationship, and it left a big mark on Sherlock’s body and mind. I’d like to start this off differently this time. As I said last time, I know there’s a lot to unpack here. John, can you look at Sherlock and tell him something he doesn’t know in connection to Mary?”
Lestrade and Sherlock stare at him as if he’s speaking in a whole other language.
“Good, then.” He nods. “Good.”
John stands there, making a sad-looking sandwich for himself before he leaves for another night of drunken sex in the women’s loos or a blowjob in a back alley. Sherlock clears his throat. John ignores him. He places a piece of paper next to the memory stick.
,’ the old woman had said when she laid out the terms of her side of the deal.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock says excitedly, flipping quickly through the pages.
“Thank you, Mrs. Sutton,” the lawyer says. “What can you tell me about the two men in the photograph your daughter recently found?”
“No, I didn’t,” he says finally. “But I wish I had, and I hope he bled slowly, and died in a lot of pain.”
John, still frozen in place with his mouth hanging open, hears a glass placed on the counter; then he hears what must be the proffered lemonade being poured. There’s a short, loud silence in the flat, and then-
“Was he… upset? Or angry?”
“Yes.”
Mycroft and John look at each other, each very familiar with their respective roles.
“What do you think?”
“Thank you.” The Major nods and turns to look at Corporal Stewart. “Corporal, how was your first night back?”
. He never hated a beverage more in his entire life.
That’s the first time he has said that, too.
“Sherlock, come on. A car is waiting.” John pleads. He texted Mycroft earlier, updating him on recent developments. The driver is waiting outside Barts.
“That’s what my therapist said.” James says and John looks in surprise. James used to be adamant against emotional therapy. He once threw a snide comment John’s way about it. “Well, our therapist.  He’s a highly regarded psychiatrist. I’d see him for myself sometimes, and sometimes for couples counselling with Alexander. He doesn’t usually do that but he made an exception for us.”
“Do you think he’s guilty?” Sherlock asks.
“For shooting me,” Sherlock replies.
“Priya seems nice.” John dips his toe, hoping to successfully engage the man in conversation.
James nods, relieved. He steals a glance at Sherlock, Rosie babbling jovially in his ear. He looks back at John with a knowing glance.
“Hi, dear. You’re lovely. Those pretty eyes.” Priya says, then straightens up when Maya starts to fuss.
“Ah,” he says.
“What do you mean?”
“And what are you doing breaking in here, Smithy?”
John's face turned steely. He was itching for a fight, just waiting for a chance to blow up. "I think I deserve an explanation."
John shrugs. “Better than the sofa.”
“Yeah.” Lestrade stands up as well.
“To buy your allegiance?” Sherlock pushes. “Your trust?”
, he wants to say.
RTI training = Resistance to interrogation, a type of military training to British and other NATO soldiers to prepare them, after capture by the enemy, to resist interrogation techniques such as humiliation and torture.
“Well, being-- being so perfect.”
“We’d like you to connect with him, listen to him. Get him to speak about his time in Afghanistan leading to his kidnapping, or even better, about his time in captivity,” Mycroft says.
“Is everything he just said true?”
He tells himself.
"That he did." Sherlock chuckles. That's what you get for spending the better part of the 1960s volunteering on a kibbutz; that, and a whole host of venereal diseases, one can only imagine.
“I’m sorry?”
“You don’t seem surprised,” Saul says after a tense silence.
When the door opens, Sherlock shakes his arm in preparation.
“Oh,” Sherlock frowns, pressing his eyes back against the microscope viewer. “I know nothing about Harry and his collection of oriental sex toys.”
"I gather that Mrs. Poole was unaware of your family's history surrounding this story till now," the lawyer says.
“Just trust me,” Sherlock says with a low, familiar tone. “I’ve kept you safe so far, haven’t I?”
“Finally,” Lottie says with a smile. “So nice of you to talk to me on such short notice.”
Rosie demands his attention by calling out some unidentified jumble of words, smiling warmly up at him. He smiles, too, never taking his eyes away from the man on the hill.
, after seeing you lying dead on the floor.
It’s goodbye, really. It’s only a stop on their way to Baker Street. John needs to unpack and pack for a few more days away, for now at least.  He has a gift for Mrs. Hudson he didn't want to forego and there’s one other thing he feels is really important that he does right now.
“Can your people do
Sherlock nods hungrily, focussed on the feel of John’s cock in his hand.
“It could be nice.” Mrs. Holmes reproaches him. “I’ll ask the vicar to say a few words.”
John drowns himself with work. He takes double shifts at the surgery Friday and Saturday and feels no better by Sunday. He hasn’t heard from Sherlock since Thursday and has no idea where things stand between them.
“What if they’re not?” Sherlock asks, and his piercing, accusatory glare unsettles John to the core. “What if they’re not, and we show our hand too early?”
His best hope for even the slightest physical victory is, for now, to be able to step on the coffee table on his way from the sofa to his chair. It makes John huff and, with the sigh of an over-exacting soldier, move the coffee table back to its rightful place,
He would have been dead today if Sherlock wasn’t in that lab.
John’s smile is a wicked thing. It lights the entire flat in an instant. “I’ll be there.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“More wine?” David asks as a second bottle of wine materializes out of nowhere, ripping Sherlock away from his thoughts.
“Pardon?” Mycroft blinks in surprise.
“Wh—” John gasps, his brain requiring a bit too long to process Sherlock’s accusation. “How can you even… I would
“Why”—he scowls, squirming in his chair in discontent—“are you here?
David shakes his head with incredulity. “You've got to be kidding me.”
“Shhh-”
The attic is silent, just like the rest of the house. David looks hesitantly between the door—
smiling to the regulars. He lurked by her station earlier as he inquired for one book or another and spotted an invitation to a baby shower arranged by one of her colleagues (
“Elin Thøgersen,” Mycroft says apropos of nothing as he joins Sherlock in the room, throwing a dossier at him.
“I want a cat, Daddy.”
“That’s great, John. That’s a powerful insight and I’m glad you shared it. Sherlock, would you like to say anything?”
Sherlock nods in thanks.
“Everyone has a price, Dr. Watson, every living person on God’s green Earth,” Edwin says. “I can think of three ways to coerce you into betraying this country, and that’s even before I’ve advised these two about it.”
Right now Sherlock’s body language signals John to leave him alone. A hug is probably the last thing Sherlock wants.
“She says you must come too,” he says, laying it on rather thick.
She sends him a reproaching glance.
“Aw,” Lestrade pats his shoulder with enthusiasm, nodding Donovan goodbye. “Where’s John?”
“Looks like it.”
-enlist?” John frowns. “When was he ever… Oh.”
“If she were in any real danger, your brother would have told us.” John takes a sip.
“I’m sorry, Liz. Mrs. Williams was my last patient for the day,” John says as he packs his laptop, “you know it’s my turn with the baby.”
(*‘Again’ in Pashto.)
It’s Sherlock’s turn to nod at Mycroft who heads for the stairs. John takes a big breath before he speaks. He looks Sherlock squarely in the eyes as he does.
“Oh, I’m well aware of that.”
"There is a gap in the timeline. Until late 2013, intelligence agencies were receiving reports about his movements throughout Afghanistan and Pakistan," Sherlock explains. "But that stopped mid-2014. Complete radio silence. It’s almost as if he and his people disappeared altogether.”
“PTSD. Service trauma. You served with him, you know.”
He dares a glance through the door, finding Sherlock seated in a chair next to the bed. His entire form is stretched forward, his elbows on his thighs and his hands clasped between his knees. His head is lowered to the floor, eyes closed and his lips move very slightly.
“Did he pick anything up?”
Feeling confined and uncomfortable by the entire situation, John plants himself solidly in a far corner of the room, becoming one with the wall. His arms are crossed as well, his entire stance that of a man who wishes he could anywhere but there.
John drinks.
“Move along, then,” Mycroft says with a sour smile. He looks at the camera at the top of the room, signalling Sherlock to hold off any questions.
He was far too valuable.
“Why not?”
“Occasionally?” Sherlock turns his sharp eyes at him, affronted. “I’ve built a thriving career thanks to it.”
side, not the other way around. In preparation for the conversation, deep breaths were taken, relaxation mantras were repeated and rolled eyes were considered to be out of the question.
“And what did you do?”
“To William.”
“No one will care about the Corporal’s sad childhood or time in captivity once all hell breaks loose. You don’t stop terrorists with pop psychology, Dr. Watson, you fight fire with fire.” He says. “Mr. Holmes, are we good to go?”
John watches him moving around the room, his heart beating loudly. He bites his lips anxiously. “Sherlock?”
“Yes. I’m sorry.”
is the only thought John manages.
“You didn’t brief me on David.”
“I suppose I’ll just-” Rory points hesitantly at the door, moving past them on his way out. “Nice to see you again.”
John shuts the door and watches David’s figure disappearing into the night, breathing hard when he’s sure David can’t see his reaction. In a second of fleeting recognition, he shoves the earpiece he’d been wearing all night into the glove compartment.
“David, we...” He jumps when David’s finger comes incredibly close to his swelling cock, swallowing the lump in his throat. “We agreed that what happened in Gaza was… Wrong… it was wrong. That we’re… putting it behind us.”
Silence.
Sherlock, a drama-queen unphased by her theatrics, balanced her on his hip. With eyes full of mirth, he listened as she described the horrors of (what will henceforth be known as) The Monkey Incident. She did her best to include as much detail she’s capable of with her limited vocabulary (
Taking the chance to escape detection, he hunches and runs for his car, listening carefully to the sounds from within the cabin. The car is already running when his hands search for his phone automatically, registering its absence. He tries his pockets again, then the car seats, but the phone isn’t there. It's then he notices it in the corner of his eye—on the ground under the same window he had just left behind.
The truth is that John is doing alright. He can’t say that aloud, no one would understand. He wishes Mary was here for her daughter, of course, but John has to shake his head a few times a day when he remembers his wife is out there, on the run, and he's here in London, going about his life as usual.
She nods in confidence, leaving John more curious than ever about the infamous uncle.
“Like what?” David huffs. When Sherlock doesn’t answer, David holds up his hands as if to signal a truce. “Fine,” he sits down at the small table on the porch of the cabin. “Ask me anything.”
Sherlock eyes Alexander for a long minute.
John thinks hard and shakes his head.
"This was all.. very exciting. But I think it's a bit too exciting for me." John started. "I only just returned from a war zone, and I've brought enough darkness for a lifetime with me."
They both nod. John is tempted to fall into the trappings of niceties when Sherlock speaks.
Sherlock ignores him.
“Good morning,” he says, stepping over to the counter, puttering around for tea. Mary smiles tightly. “How’s Rosie?”
Sherlock only destroys. That’s his curse. He walks in like a hurricane, leaving nothing intact behind him.
“Deodorant,” Sherlock mumbles again. In his home, unaware of an audience, David stares sternly at his own reflection in the mirror as he applies deodorant under his armpits. When he finishes, he looks around, searching for something.
“Tel Aviv. That’s where she is right now.”
“It’s alright.” Sherlock says, his heart torn over John’s obvious pain and the way his blood sang when he felt John’s lips on his.
He makes tea loudly and angrily. With a brusque flick of his hand he moves the sugar bowl and yanks the tap when he fills the kettle up. He places it back on the counter with a loud thunk.
Sherlock sees that as the permission that it is and beams at Rosie. “Hello, Watson. I’ve missed you.” He bends down, pulls his face close to hers and whispers “How’ve you been, my Nosy Rosie?”
“He paid for everything with the credit card except for the phone,” Billy points out as David pulls a wad of cash out of his pocket. “He paid for the phone with cash.”
, he wants to say.
“I’ve been told.”
“Think I liked it better last time you came back.”
And just like that, time suddenly moves slightly faster and John feels slightly less heavy with every step he takes.
Nothing.
“He owns a launderette in the neighbourhood of our safehouse. It’s a front for a foreign currency exchange, and he speaks up very quickly if you pay him enough. He has family in Afghanistan, a family connected with insurgent groups. They tell him things.”
“Is that a good idea, do you think?”
“I know
The air leaves John’s lungs in one sweeping motion.
“That’s nice, love.” John says with a smile, taking in the sight of Rosie in Mrs. Holmes’ arms. She looks like she was born to be a grandmother; boisterous, confident, amused by whatever his little girl seems to be doing.
the reporter speaks loudly into the camera.
“You went off the grid. Left the burner at your friend’s house,” she says, her voice suddenly cold. “You thought we wouldn’t know where you were. Let me tell you something you might not have realized by now: we
“It was all for show,” Sherlock says calmly, looking straight into Edwin’s eyes. “Raiding the bolthole. For the sake of your colleagues.”
“Don’t worry about it. I think she just doesn’t care to listen to his whinging.” Sherlock says, then clears his throat. “Lestrade texted earlier. They’ve learned some interesting stuff about Gabriel since taking him in.”
Sherlock said goodbye again, just like last time, and John was useless again, and never managed to find the right words. Though what those words would have been, he hasn’t the slightest idea.
Stunned to silence by the man’s words, John pops a chip into his mouth, warm and salty and perfect. There’s a permanent, vague ache in his stomach—it’s been there since he’d agreed under duress to ignore his wife’s past—morphing into something bigger and uglier.
“You know what happened,” David says weakly. “We were on observation duty, and they bombed us.”
John frowns. “Yes. Right before she died. She was gone for three months,” John says and looks at Sherlock, confused. David seems to know everything else. How could he not know that?
“If you’re sure,” Sherlock says.
“H’lo.” Sherlock’s back straightens immediately upon hearing the doctor’s voice. John Watson is stinking drunk at 11 am on a Saturday.
John holds his breath in expectation.
She’d looked him straight in the eyes when she spoke next.
“Yes?”
Defeated, he crawls back into bed. As he drifts off to sleep, listening to the familiar street noises, he wonders if he'll ever feel at home here again.
A tall, imposing fence spans the dark, derelict road as she drives along it. Nighttime is deceiving, concealing the restless huddles of people who have already lost everything, willing to risk their lives in one last attempt to gain new ones.
romance after all. Baker Street turned and twisted around him as he ate his eggs by the table, hit with the realization that one day someone smart and brilliant like Irene Adler might sweep Sherlock away from him. That was his biggest fear at the time. To be the one who gets to stand by Sherlock, to bask in his brilliant light, only to be left behind in someone else’s glorious dust. Abandoned and forgotten, lost without Sherlock in the same way he was when he came back from Afghanistan.
It takes John a good, long minute to recognize the man from such a distance through the early noon drizzle. Eventually, his eyes settle on a solitary figure on the promenade overlooking the Thames traffic, sitting on a bench next to a shabby chippy not far from Victoria Embankment Gardens.
The accusation lands like an anvil on John’s head, but there's no time to process it. They both jump at an incoming text message on John’s phone before either can say anything else.
“Sherlock—”
Every single difficult, frustrating moment from the past few years suddenly seems ridiculous, inconsequential when he’s staring at the stack of paper on his kitchen table.
“You don’t make it easy, do you?” she starts.
“He might be considering it.” Tahir nods. “And according to General Spencer, the Corporal specifically mentioned he was a fan of your political career, so the General made a call.”
anyone's help. This is who she is. Did you want to be fetched when you—" he stops, holding back.
Bad breath notwithstanding, if she had used these tricks on him at any other time in his life, they’d be in her bed by now.
“I s’pose.” The man shrugs.
“You don’t look fine. I’m a doctor.” John says as heads for the sinks. “I know these things.”
“Hmm?”
Finally, he takes John’s hand, who leads them up the stairs. John puts Rosie back in her cot and crawls into bed.
“She’s bossy.” Sherlock waves a dismissive hand at no one.
“I’m starting to suspect that perhaps he knows someone might be listening.” Sherlock turns to look at John. “That this is all a part of a game, somehow.”
He doesn’t speak up; perhaps he’d learned from his experiences with Future Collective, who reported his questionable behaviour to his caseworker at
John spreads small kisses over Sherlock’s closed eyes. Sherlock accepts them greedily, silently. His breath catches when Sherlock turns his head for a long, demanding kiss.
” ). Somehow, though, Rosie ends up with all the gifts.
“Right.” John stuffs the necklace and photograph back into the small envelope, handing it back to her.
“So someone.. drugged James?” John asks, used to Sherlock inappropriate responses by now.
“How?” Sherlock asks. “How can you fix this?”
“John, you’re—”
); an itinerary for a trip to Northern Italy later that year; 3 VIP tickets to a Christmas showing of The Nutcracker. There’s a small bag containing old, dried out apple seeds. A stack of papers that makes John cry in shock - it’s a contract with a famous publishing house, addressed specifically to John.
Rosie’s beautiful, rolling laughter fills the room. John could swear the house suddenly feels slightly warmer.
“John?” Lestrade asks loudly. He’s somewhere crowded, maybe a tube station.
John takes advantage of the distraction to collect himself. Sherlock has been weird lately. For the first time since they had met, John feels like there are parts of Sherlock not shown to him, being kept hidden from him by omission. The quiz night photos, the not-for-work mystery appointment. Now this.
“Jesus.”
“John, please.” He says but gets no response.
" he mumbles, picking the first search result.
“I mentioned one day that I’m incapable of reading certain cues from people in certain situations.” Sherlock averts eyes in shame. “Like when someone’s... flirting, or at least interested in a non-utilitarian connection. When I was in school I misread some situations and things became… unpleasant. So I stopped trying. I learnt to… divert, misdirect. He challenged me on that too. So... Thomas.”
“What’s that?” He asks.
Sherlock eyes him for a long, tense beat, and John finds himself bracing for a brusque rejection, a cruel joke at his expense.
moron.” John scratches his eyebrow, unaware how much it reflects his unease. “You’re not trying to implicate him at all, are you? You’re trying to get him off.”
He continues to text with the two men for a minute or two, coordinating lunch and a meetup with James. He’s then distracted by noises coming from Rosie’s room as she wakes up and calls for him.
Last time Sherlock came back, John had no inkling what was coming. He wasn’t prepared, and he attacked him like a bruised, frightened animal. Now John knows—not only that he’s coming back, but what Sherlock had done while he was away. Sherlock brought a man back to life-not physically, but by finding him, Sherlock managed to conjure a miracle for his wife and family.
“Indeed,” Mycroft agrees. “It’s a promising lead.”
“There you go, deep long breaths,” John says as he scans the man’s face and hands with a quick, experienced look. They left through the back entrance to the pub, standing with their backs against the alley wall.
then at the box, its contents about to reveal themselves to him. He opens it gently, removing the tape. It’s a brand-new camera, in its original packaging, and then some.
John huffs as the guards back off, but not far enough; they plant themselves sternly next to them like salt pillars.
Sherlock brings his hands to his mouth, the tip of his nails just barely touching his lips.
“Where are you going, at this time of night?” John presses. “What do you do when I’m not here?”
He’s so tired of being left out. He’s been so honest this past week, wearing his heart on his sleeve. After everything they’ve been through, doesn’t he deserve some answers of his own?
Thomas’ phone slips out of his back pocket, sliding away on the floor. “Apologies,” he says with a smile. When he turns away to pick it up, John follows Sherlock’s eyes. The detective is checking the salesperson’s ass.
“What’s going on here?” John asks.
“Oh?” John chuckles at the thought.
He always leaves the dial of the safe on zero when he locks it—he’s not even sure why, some sort of habit he never really thought about. The dial was aimed at four when he came back tonight.
. He opens the door holding it open wide, clearing his throat so as to catch his brother’s attention.
“Here we are,” David announces, bags in hand, as he slams the door behind him.
The room falls quiet as notes are taken.
“It’ll make you uncomfortable. It might even make me uncomfortable, but I think we’ve been having different conversations for years, and we missed out on a lot. So you’ll have to get used to it. Alright?”
He’s always been that way, long before he’d met John. Sherlock longs, he aches for extremes; for jumping from rooftops and chasing hounds in great big forests. In many ways, he’s wasted on London’s criminal classes. He was bound to grow out of the city he loves so much eventually.
He himself hadn’t slept a wink last night. That should go a long way to explain his broody thoughts.
“Hello?” Lottie asks again when her image finally shows up on her screen. “Oh, there you are. Hello!”
“He would… laugh at us. Laugh at her for marrying a poofter, is what he’d say. That her husband left her for a man. At us for having a queer dad. We heard rumours about it, Harry and I, but Mum never talked about that. But that’s all we saw from him, from our stepfather. A loudmouth drunk, every once in a while. Then one day... her car was found off-road. Her body laid half in the car, half out of it. It looked like she poisoned herself with exhaust fumes and the police assumed she panicked, opened the door to leave but it was too late.  My stepdad told anyone who would listen that he wasn’t surprised. That she’d been behaving bizarrely, had gone on and on about our dad leaving her and wanting him back. I don’t remember her doing any of that. She seemed fine, you know? Normal. But two of her aunts killed themselves and he knew that, said that it must run in the family.”
“Because I worry about him, constantly.”
Sherlock spent the rest of Sunday attempting to purge John from his thoughts. He started and stopped his organ charring experiment four times, each time becoming distracted and almost ruining a sample. His attempt to re-order his mind palace just left the rooms in more disarray than before. Nothing worked. And it didn’t help matters when he found John’s scarf – probably forgotten in his hast to exit the flat – on one of the kitchen chairs, hanging half on the floor.
“Hey, hey! Are you alright?” John asked turning back to follow the kid into the library. He never could ignore someone in need. The kid didn’t seem to hear him – or chose to ignore him – and John watched as a head of messy dark curls hurry to duck into an empty study carrel. He had about six inches on John, but thanks to a lifetime of football training, it didn’t take John long to catch up to him.
“Sherlock’s a detective too?” Well that explained the foot chase.
They make it back to John’s flat in record time. Slumped against the wall, attempting to catch their breath, the two begin to giggle
“Well he is severely malnourished, which only exacerbated the effects of the blood loss, but we have every reason to believe John will make a full recovery.”
“But Harry…” Sherlock started.
“I’m just going to get something to clean us up with.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, and the astonishingly liberal use of expletives in an otherwise friendly conversation. And other than to ask to borrow Sherlock’s laptop, John remained fairly quiet. It didn’t make sense, while John was clearly a private person – that much was obvious – everything else about him told Sherlock he’d be one to at least attempt to engage conversation, especially given the circumstances of their meeting. He could see the questions swimming around John’s head, yet he didn’t ask them, seemingly content to keep them to himself. It’s not that Sherlock disliked the silence, nor that it was uncomfortable, truthfully this was the most comfortable he had been when alone with another person, save for Mrs. Hudson, it was that he didn’t understand why. Why was John’s breathing not driving him up the wall? Why did he not only warn John about the eyes in the microwave, but also make sure John wasn’t bothered? Why was John unfazed by the eyes? And why was Sherlock pleased?
*******
. But that was only John’s wishful thinking. “When do you think you’ll be ready to go again?” He asked, those intoxicating eyes staring deep into John’s.
“Yes, this isn’t even half of what I would really want. And why does that matter if the table’s covered?” Sherlock frowned, sitting up on the back of the couch, his bare feet resting on the cushions, “we always just eat out here and use the coffee table.”
“I want the school involved in some capacity. I’m not saying I’ll campaign to have them expelled,” though he would love nothing more, “I just want the school to know who they have on campus.”
“Nope, I’m the lucky one.” Sherlock sighed and lowered his head to capture John’s mouth in a proper kiss, allowing his lips to part and move with John’s.
“Half gone? John, in what world is noon on a Saturday the day being half gone?”
“Sherlock…” Mrs. Holmes said warily.
“I hate you, do you know that?” Sherlock panted, collapsing onto the bench next to John, “I absolutely hate you.”
Was this John’s way of asking for another lesson, a refresher? Oh god, what Sherlock wouldn’t give to have John in his arms again, slowly gliding – or slightly stumbling as the case may be – through the flat. But no, no, Sherlock couldn’t teach John how to dance, just so he could go off and dance with another; not again.
“Relax,” David whispers, his voice thick as honey. John’s eyes close as he’s hit by another wave of the aching pain of betrayal. “There you go. Gorgeous.”
“Then we’ll need to get David to speak to reporters again, to see if he repeats the behaviour.”
“Yes,” John yells at the phone, pulling the fob from his pocket.
John blinks in surprise.
“No, we did not, and no, we are not about to. No need to be crass, Dr. Watson. As I said, Sherlock has done fantastic work.” Mycroft winces. “We are simply trying to get a hold on an unforeseen situation, and it appears that we could use your help.”
John laughs at the understatement.
He barely drifts into that weird phase between wake and sleep before he hears footsteps.
He constructs a crib, paints the nursery, folds mountains of babygros, carries bags upon bags of nappies. There are birthing classes and chatty neighbours asking about the christening, and every so often Mary turns to look at him with a wide, warm smile.
“No you’re not. The thing is two sizes bigger than you, you were practically swimming in it at homecoming," she says. "You should have it taken in."
Sherlock mumbles softly.
Edward waves and nods as he senses John's gaze. Faking a smile, John waves back.
“I asked you to stay out of this, Mr. Holmes.”
“I think Khoury knew something about Stewart, and I think my threats were so convincing that he was about to talk,” Sherlock says. “Stewart was there, helping with the interrogation. I believed Khoury to be dead up until a few days ago. I imagine that Stewart might have believed the same.”
This week’s first-timers at the clinic, Mary included, were given a tour of the main camp upon arrival. They left on foot from the immense, well-lit hangar housing their clinic, entering the camp under the watchful eyes of armed police officers and
“Listen to me, Sherlock, and do exactly as I say,” Mycroft says with a warning. “Wherever you are, do not leave any evidence you’ve been there. The two of you are to get into a car and drive back to London as fast as humanly possible.”
“What is?”
And suddenly the ground drops beneath John’s feet because he’s truly and rightly an arse, isn’t he? This man juggled saving James and making end-of-life decisions for his father, and John found no better way to thank him but to start a row in the middle of the park.
“I’m fine. Lay the fuck off.”
They exchange a meaningful look. He remembers talking to Mary in Morocco. "So many lies." He had told her. So many secrets.
“Cheers,” a man’s breathy voice says cheerily. “Would love some.”
Sherlock slams the glass against the counter. “John, can we please not do this right now?”
"I only want to talk, to be fair. I know better than to try to convince you to do anything." John isn't deterred. "Come on, we haven't seen you since Friday. Let me buy you dinner."
"And what of my decision to wait? I know exactly what I'm doing, John." Sherlock continues. "And even if I didn't, it's
“That word. Happy. That you’d still be happy after everything this past year...” Sherlock says.
Sherlock frowns. “Just… how uncomfortable are we talking about?”
to be fetched, Sherlock, can't you see? She
John nods. “Why weren’t they sure? There are standard diagnostic tools for dementia.”
“Driving.” John shakes his head.
Sherlock ignores the conversation, his mind racing with new information. David clearly stated in his first debrief that he had no idea when and how Palmer died, and he just told a very different story to the man’s sister. That was the same version he gave Sherlock and the Special Ops team that rescued him in Gaza.
Anthea really is a top-notch professional. Sneaking audio equipment into the Intel Corps HQ successfully is exactly the reason he pays that exorbitant salary.
“I see,” she says. “That was nice, the ceremony.”
“That makes sense, I suppose.”
“Do you remember having it taken?”
“Good night, John.”
“It’s true, I never did.” Sherlock says. “It was never supposed to be me. I never expected that eventuality. It was always supposed to be Mary.”
“I was very close with Ernie and Leonard, yes. Their parents, though… oh, I never cared for them, really, and I suppose you could say the feeling was mutual.”
John narrows his eyes and notices that the man had shot the door to the shed open.
think you’re working for Abu Nazir.”
He hears Sherlock speaking to Lestrade, asking for more information. He watches him as he arranges a rental car, as he (rudely) calls for Mrs. Hudson to inquire whether she can babysit Rosie for the night.
He rocks her back and forth, back and forth, all night. The repetitive movement is the only thing that keeps his mind from spiralling into a bottomless abyss of guilt, fear, and shame. He holds on to her like a life raft, much like he held on to her mother before she shot the love of his life.
he reads on, his heart beating faster and faster in his chest. ‘
“I think you’re just describing living your life as a human being.” John smiles warmly. “It was hard for me to hear what you said, about feeling like your only role in my life is to protect me.”
"I'm off to Barts for the evening." Sherlock turns away, looking anywhere but at John. Placing his hands in his coat, he heads for the door.
“So what’s next?” John asks.
Tahir shrugs.
“I don’t resent you for living here anymore.”
He’s having his tea at the surgery one day, nearly the end of his workday. His FaceTime app pings and he sees Sherlock’s contact name.
“Didn’t think you did,” he murmurs as they both watch Alison putting the bags away and arranging the kitchen. She picks her phone up and dials but gets no answer, opting for a text instead.
John squints in surprise. “Really?”
He eyes Sherlock for a long moment, the conversation a reminder of just how much of an enigma Sherlock is; his answers seem well thought of, as if…
“Alright,” Sherlock says. “Still, though. Thank you.”
