Bucky lifted Steve’s shot glass and shoved it into his hand. “This is no time for sarcasm, Rogers. Drink up before you anger the gods and one of us ends up falling off stage and embarrassing the rest of us.”
Tony wrapped his arm tighter around Steve, trailing a kiss down the blond’s neck. “I’m going to ignore your rudeness for right now. We’re going to have words later, Rogers.”
Tony looked around the room a second time, eyes clearer as they swept over everything within their range. “You know, I can do better? I can upgrade this so that it’s safer.”
Steve set his sketchpad on the table between them. “Art mostly. I’m sure you already knew that though.”
Tony reached out, hands playing along the neckline of his vest, breath just barely brushing against Steve’s neck. “This is all becoming very afterschool special. I didn’t know you had it in ya, Cap.”
The genius smiled, seemingly despite himself, and nudged Steve with his elbow. “Look, I just think that given the chance, you should go after whatever it is that makes you happy instead of worrying about everyone else around you. You’re a good guy, Ca—Steve. Even when taking into account all the times you’ve been an ass.”
“Very well, sir. If you would just follow the lights I will lead the way,” the voice said, followed by the ding of an elevator opening down the hall. Steve made his way toward it, only with the slightest bit of trepidation at following a disembodied voice to god only knew where. There wasn’t time to waste though if Red Skull really was in the building.
“We’re not sure; reports are saying there’s something serious going down at Stark Industries. HYDRA’s involved, it’s all over the news.”
Obie smirked when the AI didn’t reply. “Come on now, Tony. Do you really think I’d come into your own home to threaten you if I didn’t have your AI knocked out of the equation for awhile? It’s interesting to see how much I was able to lock down without getting authorization from your computer. The elevator, the alarm system, any and all electronic devices with the ability to relay any outbound signals.”
Tony acted first, shoving Steve down onto the bed before climbing over him. Steve pulled Tony down into the filthiest kiss he’d ever gotten from the soldier and moaned before helping Steve out of all of his clothes as well.
When he looked down, he saw what had to be the most ridiculous thing he’d ever laid eyes on. There, before him, was a creature made of metal with two large yellow unblinking eyes peering up at him. The thing chirped at him, actually chirped and waved its tiny arms around and around, rolling forward until it nudged Steve’s leg, forcing him to take a step back.
Tony gestured with a hand. “Just open the laptop and watch something. You’ve got options. Quit being a Grinch.”
“You’re taking all the stupid with you,” Steve said softly, his attention no longer on Pepper or Tony.
“Nu-uh, this doesn’t get you out of getting us actual Christmas presents when the time comes,” Clint said, voice muffled by the shirt he was wrestling over his head.
Steve sighed, pulled away. “I know.” He reached down and laced his fingers with Tony, pulling him toward the others. “You know, as angry as I am that you came, you did do a good job.”
He had a genie to distract him in the meantime. A genie who seemed just as troubled as him, but Tony couldn’t begin to fathom what might be happening in Steve’s head.
Steve just nodded as one of his arms was currently wrapped across his middle and Tony was sure that he was going to have some pretty wicked bruises. “I think you just got yourself into your own trouble by helping.”
Tony picked it up and took a sniff. “Steve, what the hell?” He sniffed again. “This is...this is my favorite.” He sipped at it to make sure his nose wasn’t playing tricks on him. “That’s fucking delicious. But still, what the hell?”
He should leave. He really should. Steve really did try to think of how he would feel if someone was watching him draw while he wasn’t aware of it. It felt invasive. He’d been there before and he wasn’t prepared, wasn’t ready for anyone to see what he was doing. Not yet. He knew he should respect this guy’s privacy, but he could not pull himself away.
He ended up purchasing hot dogs from a vendor for himself and Steve and they went to a spot not so far from the pond, taking a seat in the grass. Tony almost collapsed on the ground he was so tired but Steve didn’t even seem winded. What an asshole.
Tony conceded and he and Steve managed to find a lot to talk about on their drive to the pricey restaurant Tony had insisted upon. Their conversation continued through dinner, covering a vast array of topics including the story about Peter and his birth mother, Steve’s time in the army which came after he had expressed his disapproval over a woman who could just abandon a child as wonderful as Peter like that and the depressing topic concerning the deaths of their parents which was abruptly ended when Tony said it wasn’t appropriate date talk. Then they were back to Peter.
Tony turned his full attention to her. "Could you get this over with? I'm sure I get the gist of it. Pain of death, you'll kill me, blah blah blah, don't hurt him, don't cheat on him, he's a good guy, real hero. Does that sum it up?"
Steve gave a silent chuckle and nodded. “S-sure. Th-this is making me think of wh-when I crashed. How cold it was.” He exhaled hard and tried to seek out as much warmth from Tony as he could possibly find. “Lot less wet though.” He laughed again, quietly, but there was definitely a note of hysteria in there that made Tony frown.
Tony gave his garage a once over and a helpless look to Steve. “If I protest you’re going to find a way to convince me won’t you?”
Obadiah began laughing again until a figure popped in next to him. Obie was quick though and pulled out a gun, pointing it at Steve’s head.
“‘Sides”, Steve continued, “HYDRA has never run like much of a mob organization. They have the superiority complex of gods walking the earth among swine. Their ties and beliefs are so rooted in ancient mythos that they’re practically a cult organization. ‘Cut off one head and two more shall take its place.’”
Clint walked by, clapping Thor on the shoulder. “I think most the women here are enjoying the show. Feel proud.”
Bucky gasped in mock betrayal. “Steve Grant Rogers, are you replacing me? I can’t believe it. Is he prettier than I am?”
Tony’s gaze shifted up to Steve, his face puzzled. “What?” He looked back down at his arm. “No. No I’m...I’m good.”
He parked his bike and timidly approached the door, pressing the button for the doorbell. The door opened and Steve felt like he was about to walk into a murder mystery.
When he was done speaking he noticed that Tony had gotten a vest on him, busy snapping it in place as Steve’s words trickled into silence. Tony’s eyes flickered up to meet Steve’s as he tugged the vest into its proper place. “You miss her.”
“My parents died a week before Christmas. On Christmas Day I was a rich orphan. Strangely enough, the first Christmas without them was no different than the years before when they were actually alive. Jarvis...he always made sure that I was taken care of though.”
Steve was shocked into silence for just a moment before grabbing a chair and pulling it close until he could sit across from Tony. Steve knew this game, knew how to negotiate. “And say we decide to help you out, what’s in it for us?”
“No. No it’s not. Our dinner and movie nights are what I look forward to. I like having your full attention when we’re doing something together. I think what I’m trying to say is that I think you’re creating some amazing, really impressive things, but you’re sort of amazing just on your own. Do you understand? I love watching you at work, but I also love it when you take time away from your busy life to buy me some dinner and sit down to watch a current film with me. I know your time is booked, but that’s what I look forward to the most.”
Tony blinked at his son a few times, mouth opening and then closing as if he was about to say something but stopped himself and then cleared his throat. “Uh…”
“Good.” She held open the door for him and told him to follow her. “He doesn’t know you’re coming. Well that you’re here. We decided to keep that quiet because I’m not sure how that would have affected his performance. Maybe the surprise will make him feel a little better too.”
Their next major clean-up occurred two months later, hot on the heels of completing their previous one. Go figure.
“I don’t know,” Tony admitted. “I’m still trying to work that out, but the point is that I’m the one who should get to decide what’s better for me…even if…even if I end up deciding that it’s better for me if we don’t kill Obie.”
“So I spoke with Natasha and Bucky. We’re in agreement that we need to bring in Thor, Clint and Sam as well.”
Steve had paused, a ‘no’ on the tip of his tongue but unable to make its way past his lips. What would he be losing really if he said yes instead? He was the picture perfect definition of a starving artist, working a job he hated that only paid him minimum wage on a good day, debt piled a mile high from his late mother's hospital and funeral costs, and a best friend overseas with a return date booked sometime in the distant future if he didn’t find himself blown sky high first.
“Then why doesn’t my dad like me, Steve? I try to be like you, and I try to tell him I want to be like you so he’ll like me too, and he always says I can’t. I want to though. You’re nice and you smile at me. Dad never smiles at me. He is always mad and he drinks gross things. My mom said I’m just like him, but I don’t want to do all that stuff, Steve. I want to be like you.”
“I bow to your awesomeness. That was definitely worth my time.” He bowed from where he was sitting and grinned.
Tony shook his hand. “I’m Tony. This is Peter. Great job with the storytelling. I think you just won Peter over.”
“I miss him, Tony. I miss him so much. And the fact that he’s out there makes it hurt worse. Because he never died. He was tortured and turned into a weapon and when I see him all I feel is guilt and the knowledge that it would have been better if he had died because he wouldn’t have had to have gone through all of that. And then I feel guilty for thinking that.”
They had been in the middle of a Christmas Eve battle as luck would have it and Tony ended up being hurtled into the freezing waters of the Hudson River, his suit already losing power before that had happened. Steve had stared on helplessly, screaming Tony’s name as he ran toward the water but stopped when the Hulk made it in there first.
He started with the bottom and worked his way up. Blue pointy shoes. Blue genie pants. Blue genie bra. Blue genie vest. Blue genie hat with a blue veil thing on it.
Steve spread his arms and looked around. Looked at Tony. “In case you haven’t noticed, you’ve landed into some very dangerous waters.”
Steve nudged a knee between Tony’s legs and pressed his thigh gently against Tony’s groin. Tony moaned, exhaling through his nose, taking the kiss to a whole new level of filthy as he found himself rutting against Steve’s leg. The soldier took that as a cue to roll over and press himself against the genius, making sure the blankets went with them. Not exactly sexy, but he was pretty sure Tony appreciated the act just as much.
The enthusiastic kiss Tony gets from Steve is all the genius needs to know Steve is on board with his idea too.
“And excuse you, Rogers. I thought I was your best friend. I am your best friend! And we’re your family. You can’t go back to the past. And whatever this weird thing is you’re doing where you’re pushing us away, it’s not going to fix anything.”
It had ended just as quickly as it had started, and while it was heartbreaking for Steve, he never regretted one moment of it. He was sure he’d never meet another woman quite like Peggy again, and he honestly wasn’t sure he even wanted to. She was one of a kind. He had no idea how he’d managed to win her heart, but he had done it fair and square and while they were not as close as they’d like to be now, they were still friends. He had no hopes of winning her back. That ship had sailed and she was engaged to a guy she had met at school over in England.
Pepper rolled her eyes before setting him on fire with a glare that he knew meant he was in huge trouble. Maybe he’d be better off dealing with Captain America first.
This scene played out several times with the same outcome every time. The problem was the fact that Tony was so persistent and kept coming back and coming back. He’d stopped inquiring about a second date though and stopped trying to be affectionate. He even stopped sitting next to Steve on the couch during movie night or when they were playing video games.
When at the door, Steve couldn’t make out any words, just low murmuring followed by an extended period of silence. Tony made his way to the door about five minutes later, eyes red but steady. He walked passed Steve and out the door, making his way determinedly to the car.
Steve opened his eyes once more and took the Advil and bottle water Bucky was holding out for him. “Thanks,” he grunted.
“What did you do? I know what I’d spend half my time doing and it’s not something I can say in the company of others.”
Steve couldn’t hold back his grin when Tony attempted to push himself all the way to a sitting position only to fall back to his elbows as if his body were suddenly two times its previous weight. “Yeah. Out of the house somewhere.”
“It’s an undershirt you can wear with your suit or even just on a normal day, but I sort of imagined it being good for missions and such when we have rough weather conditions. For example, if we end up fighting in the middle of the desert, which is never fun, the special fibers woven in have the capability of cooling the body at a gradual rate. Or-or if we end up in Antarctica because some villain is an asshole and we need to fight evil there, this can warm up and keep the body heated, temperature regulated. And I know, I know that extreme temperatures are not well fought with extremes in the reverse. It can cause shock or heart attacks or something. It’s just enough to ensure that you won’t uh--die?”
Steve shut his eyes and let out a breath. “Well I wish you’d stop. Half the time I don’t know if this is just knee jerk for you or if you mean what you say and just cover it up with laughs.”
Tony chewed on the bottom of his lip before nodding in agreement. “Absolutely. I’ll be here on the other end if you happen to need anything.”
"How many cowardly bullies does it take to beat up some kid less than half their size? I have to tell you, the color yellow really does suit you well. Now why don't you run off and go do manly things that involve ass grabbing and vicious chest bumps?"
That didn’t seem to make Steve feel better. “But you weren’t alone. And you were out because I wanted you to stop your work and go.”
Tony squinted for a moment before his own eyes widened and a smile crossed his face as well. “Steve? You failed to mention that you were in a band.”
Tony opened his mouth to speak at the same time Steve’s cell phone beeped and a throat cleared loudly behind them. They turned at the same time to see Natasha grinning at them. Just a little. Actually it might have been a smirk. Steve would ask Tony about that later.
Tony lost whatever fight he might have had left in him and shoved his hands in his pockets, hoping Steve didn’t notice the flicker of hurt that crossed his face. “Okay. I see.” He looked down, his head nodding as he laughed bitterly. “Thanks, Steve. From the bottom of my spoiled heart, I truly do appreciate hearing this coming from you. I guess I should be glad this is happening right now. I’d hate for you to have to hold on to all that resentment you seem to have for me. At least this is happening before it’s too late for us to get out of it. I don’t want to be a constant reminder to you that your struggle is monumentally worse than mine.”
The genius stuck his tongue out at Clint. “Hey, bite me, Katniss. This is not my area of expertise. I’d like to see one person actually create a frosting picture that puts all other cookie artists to shame.”
The genie heaved an annoyed sigh and suddenly appeared in front of Tony again. “I shouldn’t have hit you.”
The face of the woman on the screen went from worried to annoyed. “Tony, we thought you were dead! What is going on? How did you get home? They couldn’t find your body, Tony! Now you’re home and acting like nothing happened and I’ve been worried sick about you! Who is that?”
After he quickly grabbed a warm jacket, a scarf and a pair of gloves, he found himself walking out onto the sidewalk with Steve who always insisted that they walk somewhere instead of having Happy drive them because it honestly wasn’t that far to walk and a waste of gas. Tony always told Steve that if he ever ended up losing an appendage because of hypothermia that he’d make sure he knew it was his fault for the rest of Tony’s life.
Steve, for his part, could only watch the spectacle with what was mostly feigned annoyance to cover what was a sense of growing amusement and maybe a little awe. “That’s uh--something.” He raised one brow, a question on the tip of his tongue. “Where did he come from?”
So they had not taken the absence of a human Jarvis into consideration until Tony had asked if they could bring him to the tower too. The AI version had caused him to jump upon first hearing it speak and Tony was wondering why the AI sounded like the butler. Steve was pretty annoyed with Fury for forcing them to try and answer all of these questions for Tony. No one wanted to have these conversations with a five-year-old, and everyone was apparently looking to Steve to answer these questions. It wasn’t helping that Tony had practically glued himself to Steve’s side, and Steve did not mind, but he had no idea what to do either. They knew they needed to come up with some answers fast, but in the meantime chose to focus on distracting the child.
“Before you ask, I got your cheeseburger waiting for you, Tones. Glad you finally decided to join us, Mr. Rhodey-You-Better-Come-Before-I-Never-See-Your-Headed-for-the-Military-Ass again.”
He stomped away from the couch. “I’ll be in my workshop, trying to figure out how to fight my own battles.”
Two hours later the kitchen counters were covered in frosting and Steve was pretty sure more of Clint’s frosting ended up in his mouth rather than on his cookies.
Steve just blinked and opened his mouth to say something, possibly to yell at Tony and get embarrassed, but ended up sighing and grabbing the bottle from Tony, tapping him on the nose with it.
“It’s because I’d want you there with me. I’d take care of all expenses if you could come along and don’t argue with me because it would not stop me from doing it anyway.”
“What was it Aunt Peggy used to tell me? Barnes made his choice. You didn’t force him to go. He followed you because you were his best friend and he trusted you.”
“Bucky, for God sake!” Natasha hit him on the back of the head and Steve took that as his cue to walk into the other room to make their order. Yeah he was glad that Bucky was happy, but a small part of him wondered if he’d get to have that too, especially with how much Tony travelled.
Steve was, for better use of words, tired. His diligence, making sure everyone in his family was taken care of, left him wanting. For what, he wasn’t sure, but he couldn’t trust anyone else enough to do his job, not like Erskine had trusted Steve. No, this was Steve’s burden to carry now and he always had been known for being set in his ways, too stubborn to change tracks when the way he did things had always turned out favorable results.
Tony placed the wrinkled page neatly back in the folder before shutting it again, his breathing off, heavy and paced as if he were trying to control it. His jaw was clenched, eyes squeezed shut.
He put a finger under the genius’ chin and lifted his face. “This isn’t as much your fault as you like to think. It’s Obie’s. He’s the one trying to have you killed. You have done nothing to deserve that. Even I know that and I’m just a genie.”
Bruce cleared his throat. “I am thankful for the chances we are given. I never thought I’d be capable of doing good things with the Other Guy, but I can change my outlook on life and I have you guys here with me. Not many people would be willing to take a risk with me.”
Steve rolled to his feet just in time to block a punch sailing towards his face but not so lucky to stop the next one that landed right on his ribs. Steve doubled over involuntarily only to be kneed in the face.
The Avengers’ set was over before Steve knew it and they were leaving the stage. They had to sit through one more band’s performance before their turn came up. The seven Howling Commandos made their way backstage to get prepared and run through one last check to make sure they had everything they required during their show in the places they should be. This usually consisted of Dum Dum air drumming and Morita playing air guitar right along with him. Steve was leaning against the wall, absently picking at the black nail polish on his fingers. He tried to imagine every note he needed to hit and played the music in his head several times. Bucky was nervous. Actually nervous. Bucky never got nervous about anything so Steve decided Natasha was probably wonderful for Bucky.
For now, they bickered about random things and overheard Natasha and Clint argue over what movie to watch. At some point, Rhodey walked into the tower in his uniform and greeted his best friend like usual: by ruffling his hair until he either giggled or groaned frustratingly. Tony loved those.
Tony was staring again, that unreadable look shifting in and out of focus. “Uh, what?” He shook his head. “No. uh--” Tony tugged at his sling a little. “It’s getting better and I thought I’d test it out by working. I mean, I can’t exactly make all these things you ask for with the assistance of only one hand. I mean, I get the work done, so plus, even if afterwards my arm hurts and Bruce yells at me to take it easy--Not a very good watchdog you got, Captain. He’s spent more time trying to get me to rest than work.”
Steve groaned and let his head hit the table. “No. The last time I went to a movie with the two of you I had to act like I didn’t know you at all. Or do you not remember how loudly you guys were making out?”
“So, what now?” Tony asked, looking unsure of himself. The way the brunet went from emotion to emotion was truly a feat, one that was leaving Steve with whiplash.
Tony’s voice was quiet, steely. “Funny. I thought you’d been trying to sell me on how I was a part of your team. Is that not the case anymore?”
Tony just side eyed him. “People will do anything for a person with the money, or the person that brings in the money for them. I should have known Obie wasn’t any different.” Tony scoffed and pulled one of the folders back to him. “My dad always said having too much heart was a sure way to destruction.”
Steve was well past impatient by the time Tony started muttering about introducing Nuts-N-Bolts to DUM-E and U and whether or not they’d experience new baby jealousy. Steve shut his eyes and rubbed his forehead. “Stark. Stop. Everything is going to be okay. I trust my team to do what needs to be done.”
Natasha exchanged a long look with Clint, who shrugged his shoulders and gestured for her to go on. She reached down and pulled the brief case she’d been carrying up onto the table. “We were able to print off some of the more relevant pieces, things we thought you’d want to know about first.” She stood up from her chair and made her way to where Tony stood, passing the pages over with a solemn expression. “You aren’t going to like what you see,” she stated, squeezing his shoulder for a fraction of a second before pulling back.
The blond clapped, biting his bottom lip and still smiling. “Well that was,” he coughed and looked down shyly. “Once again that was amazing. Which you already know.”
Steve sighed. “The moment the memories came back is the moment I turned human. Again. I don’t understand it. Everything came back at once though and I didn’t realize I had been shot right away.”
Besides, trying to balance a new variable into his already busy and hectic schedule would be a pretty bad idea. If he asked Pepper to micromanage anymore than she already was she would most likely pull her hair out and demand a raise. Tony loved Pepper. She was awesome. If she wasn’t around his life would be a complete mess. Pepper was a saint. She deserved a raise just for putting up with him and his eccentricities.
Clint chuckled. “Now would be a great time for Thor or the Hulk to drop in and save your back by carrying that beam.”
“You caught me,” the genius snarked, hand flying up rather ridiculously into the air. “He’s here to watch you get undressed and then report back to me. In hindsight I should have installed a better camera but that can always be fixed.”
Steve wanted to point out that Bucky and Natasha weren’t really helping considering the fact that neither of them had to wait for the other to come back into the country. He had not heard from Tony much at all. Instead he attempted to smile at the both of them.
“Well, Tony, it is customary for families to do this together. It’s a bonding experience and all about togetherness and seeing how ridiculous you make the tree look in the end.”
Bruce pulled off his glasses, cleaning them with the hem of his shirt. “Tony, Nat and Clint have been in place for days with no high alert. They’d rather finish a mission right than on time. They’ll get here soon.”
Steve rolled with the subject change. No point in pushing. He definitely knew Tony was stubborn, almost as stubborn as Steve himself was.
“Lovely as always to see you too. Notice how I started off with a nice to see you rather than demanding to know why I wasn’t somewhere I should have been or something I missed because another thing took precedence.”
“Yeah except we live in a world where we do fight villains and okay, our lifespans might be a little shorter because of the risks we take, but you’re not invincible. What do you think losing you would do to us?”
Steve just nodded at Tony, appreciative of his help. Bucky was sitting up, flexing his arm, moving it around with a smile and even used it to lightly punch Steve in the arm. Judging by the look on Steve’s face, lightly was probably optimistic. Bucky just gave a small shrug. He looked happy though, and Steve would give anything to see his friend like that forever.
Steve turned on his heel and started looking around, planning another route. Tony couldn’t have gotten too far. “Fantastic, “ he muttered, running a hand down his face.
A deep breath and another forced smile later, Tony answered. “I guess. I don’t know if there is really any reason to stick around. It’s not like my dad hasn’t already found me an apartment and told me I need to get out of his hair.”
Tony pushed his sunglasses to the top of his head and looked at his friend, putting on a smile. “Possibly right after graduation. It depends on whether or not I have anything going on.”
Steve found his footing and floated back down to the ground. “I don’t remember signing up for this,” he muttered when Tony was in the shower.
Steve kissed Tony’s temple. “Yes. Then we’re going straight to bed after this because I am not actually sure when you last slept.”
It occurred to Tony that Steve didn’t know anything about him other than the fact that he loves to perform. And he didn’t even realize Tony was…
Luckily for Bucky, he hit all the notes, got all the words right, didn’t fall down. Definitely a win for him. When they were finished playing, Bucky jumped down from the stage instead of walking back with the rest of them. Before he turned around, Steve caught a quick glance of Tony who smiled and waved at him before quickly making his exit. The blond felt his heart flutter and he made his way behind the stage with his bass guitar. As he was putting the instrument into its case, Bucky came back with a whoop and clapped Steve on the back.
Steve blinked himself out of his thoughts and turned his head in the direction his friend Bucky had pointed. He wiped his sweaty palms on his pants. No one wanted their first handshake with a woman to involve sweaty hands, and Steve always froze up in the company of women. They all intimidated him. He might look like an All-American jock, but the truth was that Steve was a shy arts student who was sometimes part of a popular grunge band, but those were almost two different lives for him. He didn’t prefer one over the other, but when he donned his grunge look he preferred to do it for an audience. Alone he just wanted to be Steve Rogers, starving artist.
If Steve was a little red at this point no one said anything about it. “If you say so. Well, make room so I can sit down. I’m starving.”
He made his way quietly but quickly down the hall until he found a room with a light on. The kitchen. Thank god.
Steve washed his dish and set it in the rack to dry before making his way to Bruce’s lab, which had already been taken over by Tony under Bruce’s supervision. Though, maybe supervision wasn’t the right word because Tony and Bruce were practically founding members of what was quickly becoming a scientific frat house. Even Clint had taken to calling the duo Science Bros much to Tony’s amusement. Bruce didn’t seem to mind the nickname much either, on the contrary, he actually seemed to enjoy the kid’s company, smiling easier than Steve had seen him smile in a long time.
For someone who felt the need to remind them all constantly that he ‘wasn’t that kind of doctor’, the man never seemed to fall short on fulfilling their medical needs.
"No way. That's out in the universe now." Pulling his phone from his pocket, Bruce hit his speed dial.
Bruce let one corner of his lips lift in a sympathetic half-smile, "Can't explain everything Tony. You and I both know that. Even in science, sometimes there are no answers."
The pressure in his bladder was relentless, and Howard forced himself to sit up and swing his feet over the bed, tugging the shirt he wore back into place and- Wait. Whose shirt was this? And… whose pants were these? Though they were very comfortable. He'd woken up in worse before.
"Not him I'm worried about! He's got no interest in me!" She actually screamed in frustration, silencing him for just a moment. Then, "You need to talk about whatever it is that's bothering you?"
Tony didn't open up to just anyone. Hell, he didn't really open up at all. Rhodey and Pepper knew things, but that just might be because they had known him for years. He was sure Bruce was aware of some of the details, Natasha knew probably because she was Natasha, and you couldn't keep shit from her. Steve was the most acquainted with Tony's secrets because, hey, that happens when you fall in love with someone. Or at least, that's what's
, as clichéd as it was. And yeah, it was potentially dangerous for them to be so wrapped around each other, being who they were. But he couldn't leave Tony any more than he could leave the team. Even if their connection to each other had the capability of rendering them useless if one of the multitudes of bad guys they faced got wind of it. Tony was a part of him. And he was a part of Tony.
Howard swallowed; the thoughts from just a few minutes before dancing at the edge of his mind. Tony's age. How he could know him. The three letters that flitted across his thoughts. Was it possible? Tony did look familiar in a way that Howard could only see when he looked in the mirror.
And no amount of banging and screaming and throwing fits would change that. He had no choice but to learn how to fit the pieces together.
With Tony sated, he pushed his knees wide up and open, and thrusted, chasing his own climax and coming with a moan muffled by Tony's shoulder.
Tony gave an empty laugh, thinking of all the time he wasted in denial. "So, like the Good Witch says to Dorothy, I had the power within me the whole time?"
"Doesn't mean I can't play." The bottle was popped open and Steve coated his fingers. "Do you open yourself? Do you use your fingers first?" He pushed two in.
He jabs the end button and calls again. On the television, a newswoman is speaking solemnly over footage of helicopters and the US Coast Guard surveying a burning wreck in the middle of the ocean. "Once again, we're bringing you live coverage of the wreckage of Singapore Air Flight 328 out of Singapore. We've just received notice that the black box has been recovered…"
"He is understanding and open to the notion that his ideas are antiquated." Thor paused, and she could hear him shuffle around, something weighing on his mind. She waited him out, refusing to say something before he did. "I think-" he began again, "-that he is coming to his own conclusions as well. That Howard is not just saying these things but believing he needs to change and adapt. He is not the man that I thought him to be."
"Probably not, but when he's back, we can ask," Bruce proposed, "if anything, he might have some insight."
"I like to know you're safe." He cupped his hands around his own coffee, interlocking his fingers and bringing it up to his lips to take a sip. "It's chilly down here."
Tony watches as Happy drives away, waiting until he's turned out of the long drive before he enters the house. JARVIS greets him, and he feels a warmth permeate through his body at the AI's voice. It's like sinking into a hot bath. "Welcome home, sir."
"I'm starting to see that. And I admit it was foolish, even if this Howard is a decent guy. But that still doesn't mean you get to try and stop me."
He was close. His climax bubbling just under the surface, Steve knew it. Could tell from the way Tony was breathing, the tightness he felt on him when his hand on Tony's cock brushed the body underneath.
Steve splayed his hands on Tony's shins to anchor himself, holding Tony still as he brought him closer and closer to the edge. When the muscles started to tremble under his touch, he pushed Tony's knees apart and took him in hand, jerking him with quick, practised movements.
Chuckling, Steve stood up straight and tapped a box in his hands, "Fury sent this. It's from the Smithsonian."
The dragon surged forward, his eyes on Steve, the yellow pupils dilated in agitation. "Steve!" Tony's voice filled his ears, panic evident in the shaking tone. "Steve!" The Iron Man armor swooshed overhead, turning on a dime to get between Steve and the dragon, 25 feet in the air.
It was Bruce who helped him. He stood and walked over to Tony, wrapping the man in a comforting hug. "You got this."
He swallowed. He needed Tony. Needed to feel him, needed to wrap himself up with him. Anything to crush down the complicated emotions that burned just under his skin. His anger towards Howard, his protective - and frankly possessive - love for Tony. He knew he needed to let Tony run his own life, but the fear of Tony being hurt, of losing him either physically or emotionally if all the work they did to help his Post Traumatic Stress Disorder was ruined because of Howard…
With that being said, he was not expecting to walk into the common living room to witness an irate Black Widow swinging a large knife and screaming in Russian at a man that resembled Stark.
Bruce snorted. "We should call Steve. There's no way we're getting him into the tower, and he can't sleep out here."
The sign clanged back into position and the door opened, the dull thud of music drifted out. She led him down a hallway, and behind a false door, which when opened, allowed the stream of conversation, smoke, and music to blast free. "I'll tell Tonio. Wait here." She was back quicker than she was the other night, beckoning him with a nod of her head.
Rolling her eyes, she stated, "You had a bowl of Rice Chex this morning, and your weight in coffee."
"DNA results from a scotch glass she nabbed from Howard. Sorry to wake you, by the way," Bruce continued, "didn't realize the time."
Tony was whining with need. His slowly stroked himself, his fingers moving inside, pulling them out to tease the opening, flicking against it and rubbing. It was torturous, but so, so good.
Swallowing, Tony let his lips curve up into a small smile, "He loves these as much as I do now. You were always awful at making them. Too much jelly."
"You created this. It's beautiful. Just like you are." And he pressed one hand over it, feeling the warmth of it, the slight hum.
There was a lot to be said about them bartering food for dealing with a drunk time traveling father, but Bruce ignored it, "You got it."
The kitchen was spotless, as it usually was (they did have a cleaning service, after all), but things were moved around.
Tony laughed self-consciously. "You sure you want to know the bad? You know, it's me," he tried to smile, "I'm kinda a lot."
When he was gone, Natasha turned her attention back to Tony. "That's what I mean. You play this part, this anti-hero to the public. Narcissistic asshole inventor. But you've got such a soft spot for the intelligent youth, the underdogs trying to make it where you had a silver spoon." Tony made a face at that. He wasn't exactly keen on her having him so pegged.
Tony looked up at him and smiled, wanting so badly to adjust so he could use Steve's thighs as his pillow. "I will. Still digesting. I think I ate too much."
The soldier had already hopped from the counter and was digging through the refrigerator, plucking items, judging them, and putting them back. "Beef, pork, or chicken?"
"Come on," Steve said, finishing his drink, "let's go." Tony nodded and flipped his wallet open, plucking several bills and tossing then onto the table as he stood. If he didn't think about it, maybe his dick would calm the fuck down. "Shall we?" Steve cackled, holding his arm out exaggeratedly.
"Smart man. So, you're asking me to become a guardian angel. Which, are you sure about that?" Pointing to himself, Tony continues, "I'm known for being difficult at the best of times."
Opening the fridge, Tony grabbed both items and handed them to Steve, "Here ya go, Paula Deen." He leaned against the counter, watching Steve hand mash the potatoes for a few minutes before speaking again, "What did he hope to accomplish? In coming here, I mean."
In the bed next to him, Steve is quietly seething, his leg in a cast from thigh to foot. He'll heal quicker (which Tony maybe had complained loudly about) and be able to leave this godforsaken place
Which left Natasha and Clint with nothing better to do than to drink and eat pizza with a rapidly intoxicated Howard Stark. Which meant - because of course it did - that Clint had to keep up, shot for shot. And Natasha got to be the reluctant babysitter.
There was another mosaic, this time it was Steve, Tony, and Thor, after Tony had fallen from the sky. He lay on the street, his face plate ripped off, eyes closed, arc reactor dark. Thor looked crestfallen, but still his usual stoic self. But Steve...
What mattered was that for the first time in his life, Tony was adored without a clause in the contract. He was loved just for being who he was.
It was Howard's turn to clap him on the back. "Come on, I need to see your face as I tell my son what you just said."
"Who is she?" Howard inquiried. "How did you even get her up here without my knowing?" There was a bit of pride for Steve flashing across his handsome face.
"We'll set up here, so you don't have to move much." It's so gentle, the way Steve lays him on the sofa. Bruce hurries over, lightly lifting Tony's broken ankle and placing it on a pillow.
He spared no thought to leaving an apparent time traveler in their living room. If that didn't speak volumes of his love for Tony, nothing did.
"Then get your sneakers on, let's do some flying, get some coffee, and I'll make my mama's roast chicken for dinner while we watch." He nudged Tony away, reluctant to let him go but knowing he needed to in order to help Tony heal.
Coulson sighs deeply. It's filled with resignation and maybe a little bit of admiration. Tony holds onto that last bit, hoping it means his mentor won't try to stop him. "I'm not happy about it, but I know you. Be safe. Take your time."
Snapping the drawer shut, she gave him a pointed look. "This will ruin all other curry for you, trust me."
"Don't worry about it, it's fine," Steve reassured, pulling his own pajamas pants off. Tony didn't look convinced, so Steve distracted him by pulling off Tony's shirt and then his own. "Shush, just let me love you."
Tony leans over to stage-whisper to Steve using an absolutely horrible impersonation of Rodney Dangerfield, complete with tugging on his tie. "Tough crowd." He'll tell anyone who will listen that it's the best one he does.
"If I take the pills, I'm good. But if I don't, Steve will make me use the bathroom on the 22nd floor since no one is there right now." Grinning, Tony set the tennis ball down and absentmindedly stroked Dum-E's claw. "Never thought I'd trade bathroom humor with my dad. Don't think Steve realizes what he's getting into. Crude is my middle name."
"You can read what you want to. I know you, so, uh, I know you're...sexual? I guess?" The emotion, whatever it was, vanished from his face. He looked blank, almost bored. "You like what you like. There's nothing wrong with that. I guess they're written really well, so, you know. It's fiction. Not like it's actually me."
The joke garnered a small smile from Tony, and Steve froze when he saw the tears that had gathered in his eyes. Shit.
"We did something highly illegal, of course he's pissed." Clint's hands flew up in his gesture, almost knocking Tony over.
Stepping into the kitchen, Rhodey pulled him into a hug. Tony was stiff but went with it, his hands frozen midair. Rhodey could smell the sickly sweet of the syrup from the plate. "He told me what was going on," Rhodey held him tighter, "said he thought you'd need me here."
"I didn't know Phil knew you," Clint is saying as he shows Tony how to use the bow, "not that he's a name-dropper, but knowing
With a shy smirk, Tony pulled him in for another kiss, his hands going to Steve's hair, his body pressing against him. More urgently this time, trying to display without words how much he wanted this. Steve's arms went to his waist, the laptop bumping against his hip as he pulled him closer, bending Tony back slightly to deepen the kiss.
Tony's grin was devilish, "But, Natashalie, you saw me in the throes of passion, there's no barriers between us anymore!"
And Tony spared a second to glare at one of the cameras before turning back to the story, squeezing the head of his dick as he poured more lube into his hand.
Steve wasn't sure if he believed him, wasn't sure how far down that monster was yet inside Howard. If it wasn't yet close to the surface, boiling, and waiting. "I hope so, Howard. I really do. But not for you,
"Oh, would you look at that!" Brandishing the spatula, Tony grinned. "Tag you're it. I'm going to shower. Think I'm covered in your jizz."
"Think I could get contacts, Doc?" Tony asked, blinking up at Steve blindly as he folded his glasses and placed them on his lap.
"We do. It is about time you have...jumped on the bandwagon, so to speak." Thor had been trying to incorporate American colloquialisms into his speech, and though he often got them right, sometimes he was just enough off the mark to be funny.
“Steve? Steve match my breathing. Come on. Inhale, exhale, inh—nah-uh, not like that. Just follow me, okay?”
He’d lift his eyes off his sketchbook to see Tony break something off the walls or curse at Dum-E for spraying a fire extinguisher whenever sparks start emitting from a drill. “Am I allowed to help YOU? He's struggling to get the blender to work,” Steve asked as he saw the bot splash liquid chlorophyll all over the counter. “YOU, I swear to god I’m turning you into a wine rack,” Tony muttered and saw the bot lower its arm in shame. “Yeah, you can help him.”
“Yeah, well, your family’s tired,” Tony finished his doughnut and wiped at his hands and mouth. “Nothing’s really working out in my favor, y’know? Everything’s pointless.”
like the descriptions Howard has given him of the Captain. He loved how his baby blue eyes glinted when a butterfly landed on his shoulder, and how he tilted his head just to show him his smile when Tony would say something flirty.
Tony spares a glance at the Captain who tells him “I think you should go this time. Just this once.”
“Tony get out of there! We’ll deal with him accordingly just get out!” He heard a feminine voice say in his ears.
Tony lowered his head slowly so the tears don't give him away, and he sniffled ever so slightly. He nodded solely to make out his vulnerable state to be due to the cold, biting weather. Steve scooted closer to him and wrapped the blanket around the both of them. He smiled fondly at the brunet who grabbed at the blanket and threw a smile the Captain's way.
He was invited for dinner with the Avenger bunch, and by invited, he means that he has been dragged along with the Captain out of the gym by Rhodey who had practically carried a giggling Tony on his back. Steve watched on with a smile as his ears bloomed with the sound of the genius’ giggles, and Rhodey smirked at the Captain’s infatuation.
Rhodey let silent tears fall for his best friend as he heard him speak of the pain his teammates put him through, and he resisted the urge to punch them all. He already felt stupid and guilty as it is for falling for Tony’s façade yet again, but the team’s too? He was seething.
“I missed you too, Jay,” he smiled, and the team couldn’t help but smile too when Tony’s bots walked in to greet their creator. Dum-E beeped and twirled around on its wheels as soon as the engineer parked the car and got out of it. YOU and Butterfingers were racing far behind and occasionally tugged at each other’s arms so the other would stumble.
“I know I can do all of that,” Tony said quickly. His head bowed down and his figure hunched in on himself. “I know. It’s just hard. And I don’t know. I don’t know anything at all. I just... I was just...”
“I’ll wait on you forever,” Steve whispered as he kissed the man’s hands. Tony smiled warmly. “There’s that smile!”
He shuddered and quickly closed the box and carried it with the blanket to his room. He would have to go through these tapes later,
“That they shut down the company’s branch. Yeah, we know. We were the so-called ‘construction workers’ Obadiah hired. We don’t quite like taking orders, honestly. And Obadiah couldn’t really say no to us. Not when we threatened to tell you everything.”
“Override codes. These bastards must have snuck up in my room or something,” Tony sighed. “God, I don’t know. I’ll figure something out. I’m too sober for this.”
apologies for the delay. i've been dealing with shitty writer's block, but i think im back on track now!
presence in his head. Exhaustion was wearing him thin, but he liked to blame all drugs the doctors must have pumped through his veins to help his body recover, and not the ever-present screams in his mind of
And here it was again. The black cloud that promised a storm if he says the wrong thing, and he immediately bowed his head down and shut his mouth because he can’t afford to ruin this. The genius seemed to understand where he had meant to go with this, and he lifted the soldier’s chin as he looked up to him. “You’re nothing like what he has described you to be. Thank you for proving him wrong,” his thumb traced over Steve’s lips until the curves lifted up in a shy smile. “Now tell me. What did you wanna say?”
They spent a few more minutes in her room chatting and laughing. In between conversations, Peggy would cry over Steve again and exclaim “Oh my god! I thought you were dead!” to which Steve would hold her hand and ease her sadness. She didn’t refer to Tony as Howard for the rest of the visit, but she did mention him an awful lot, and Tony kept a smile plastered on his face all throughout.
“Jesus,” Steve muttered. “If all of these amount to the times that he has been kidnapped, I will burn the house down.”
“It’s also the floor with the best view of Manhattan,” JARVIS chimed in as they came to a stop. The floor was breathtaking. It was an art studio filled with various art supplies and digital posters that changed to whatever image he asked them to be to use as a point of reference. There were traditional canvases as well as digital ones that Tony has designed appropriate brushes for. The floor was designed to look antique and modern simultaneously. There was a vinyl player on a table by a fireplace much bigger than the one Tony had installed in the communal area. The place was decorated with flowers in luxurious vases, holograms of fruit bowls, and a hologram of his shield on the wall. The star in the middle seemed to move in and out in sync with his breathing, and Steve smiled at how much thought has went into this place.
Fury nodded. “We’ll work with whatever we have. These guys are just as sneaky as HYDRA. We’ll see what we get to by the next meeting.”
“Steve looks like a beaten puppy. He told me he needs to talk to you,” he said as he toyed around with a screwdriver.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk... don’t rush me. You would’ve known I like to take my time. Do things at my own pace... but how would you know when you were so drunk?”
They sat in a comfortable silence for some time. At some point, Steve hummed a tune, and Tony laid his head on the soldier’s lap and listened to the soft melody. Steve was aware of how much trust Tony was putting in his hands, and he wanted to cry right then and there of how grateful he is for it all.
His mind, however, whirred into action. He realized he wasn’t dead, and he felt his eyes get warm, but was unable to feel any tears escape. He wanted oh so badly to be able to open his mouth to scream for death to call for his name like it always did. But his prayer fell on deaf ears as he opened his eyes. He blinked a few times, and although his vision was far too blurry, he could make out the silhouette of people around him.
“I will in exactly two minutes and thirty-two seconds,” Tony said as he started moving holograms around and waited for the pending tab to deem his work a success. When it did, he smiled and asked JARVIS to shut his computer down as he turned his chair to properly face Steve.
But Tony wasn’t listening. Tony was rummaging through his brain for the faintest of memories of the man before him, with no avail. “I don’t remember,” he muttered in defeat.
“And you’re good at hacking,” she says matter-of-factly, and he doesn’t have to ask to know what she’s referring to. They both know exactly what she’s talking about, and he just looks at her with a smirk and mutters “Russian spies, man.”
talked. But how could he when all he has ever heard growing up was of how nobody wants to hear the rich kid’s sob story?
He doesn’t have to ask for entry anymore, for the AI automatically opens the door of the lab upon his approach, but he still does so anyway and always mutters a shy “Thank you, JARVIS.”
“Lucky for you there’s no upcoming gala but the one on Thursday. And you’re already going to that anyway. I’m calling you because the R&D team is yet to receive anything new from you and we are in desperate need to launch something new.”
“Oh, yeah. That’s a real burner. But don’t worry, Fury and I are getting to the heart of this. I’m hacking them right now as we speak,” Tony said casually. “And I now know how they managed to hack JARVIS, by the way.”
With that being said, Tony grabbed his tablet and started going through paperwork. Occasionally, he would glance towards the man before him and see him sport the same dissociated state. Until Tony went to put a hand over the arc reactor as it became a habit of his to do so, and Bruce flinched violently before settling down again.
“You mean what did Obadiah do to you. The thought of just merely touching you, let alone fucking you, didn’t cross our minds until he suggested it,” the man said with a casual shrug. “Obadiah whored you out.”
“Rich people always wanna act like what they have is mediocre,” Clint started. “Quit being a brat, Stark.”
The Avengers couldn’t believe their eyes either, especially Steve. Tony looked immaculate. He almost wanted to touch the brunet just to make sure he’s real. He looked expensive, luxurious, and like he would be dripping gold.
“You’re here,” his hand, lazy and moving slowly towards the blonde's face, cradled Steve’s cheek. “You’re here”
Finally, it was Steve’s turn to speak. The look etched all over Tony’s face as he locked his eyes spoke volumes, and they were all words the soldier could hear.
A couple of heated moves were made, and most chess pieces out of the board were Tony’s. The four other members of the team were quiet as they watched intently. It seemed that Steve was truly going to win this time around, but the calm and collected look on Tony’s face said otherwise.
“Shh, it’s okay. It's okay, Steve,” Tony cooed as he ran his fingers through the blonde locks. “I think this is gonna be easy.”
“Tony! Don’t you dare die on me, Tony! Don’t you fucking dare!” Steve cried as he frantically tried to get a hold of the arc reactor with his shaking hands. The light was faint and dull, and he desperately put it back into the man’s chest where it belonged, where it would glow in that beautiful shade of blue; the shade of blue that became Steve’s favorite.
When he was in his room, Steve exchanged his clothes for his space suit, with the Nomad insignia on the chest. It had been strange to renounce Captain America’s mantle, but he liked that he could have done it because his country didn’t need him in the same way, not because he was too disappointed in his country, like he had feared once or twice he would have to do.
So, after the infamous “I’m Iron Man” conference, Rhodey put his bag down in Tony’s guest room. If the brass is not happy, he can always play the Iron Man ‘s surveillance card.
“I still think we should tell people your role. Perhaps after a few years, when everybody can see how best it is,” the doctor remarked, and Natasha saw what the other woman couldn’t, the small micro-expression of Stark. He hadn’t told that woman about the palladium, hadn’t told her he wouldn’t be there in a few years. And perhaps it wasn’t exactly nice of her to be satisfied with that, but if he had been close enough to tell her, a woman Shield hadn’t even noticed in his contacts, Natasha would have been professionally vexed.
Clint had thought it was a jest, but Laura had, in fact, always been better with people than himself.
“Oh, good. Is it about one of the veterans program? Or the one helping discharged soldiers find work? I told them they could all become space mercenaries!? There won’t be soon demand for it, the same way there is almost no more demand on Earth.”
“-no let me finish. I’ve seen you with Shield. You know a ton about toning it down for the mass. But you never asked yourself how much you could accomplish if you didn’t hide? Well, me I’m done hiding. But I won’t be enough. I can make things better on Earth, I can…I have already in the plans a mission to Mars, because if our population continue growing, even with healing Earth, terraforming other worlds will become a necessity, I have started working on a protocol, I was thinking Mars then Venus, and I can invent as many ships as I want, I was thinking intergalactic ships, generational ones, I can never work fast enough. No matters how much coffee I drink, I have to sleep sometimes. Never. I have money, and brain, but it won’t be enough, and even if Pepper is good with blackmailing money from rich assohles, and even if I have more contact in the science community than people know, it won’t be enough. The Titan is coming, and I don’t think I will be ready, and I’m here, reinventing the wheel that your people have used for centuries!!!!!”
“Put your hand there,” the doctor instructed Natasha, “There are no radiations, you don’t have to fear anything. Push the device against my skin, cupping my left breast. Like that, perfect. Done.”
“Not right now, pirate of my heart, it will be for after. No, today, we’re about to talk about Hydra.”
Tony had read every book in the house in that day, including the ones who had been Laura’s father, who had had the farm before them. Then, he had taken apart and put together again the tractor. The tractor that was now floating.
She needed to destabilize him to be sure he would answer her next question; so she started to open her white blouse.
Bruce had just met a Norse God, and Captain America, and played with an alien artefact in a flying helicarrier, helped stop an alien invasion, and no one of those things were as interesting as Tony-Poke-The-Hulk Stark.
The next night, he was woken at three in the morning by Tony throwing himself onto his bed in a swan dive.
He was also too busy stopping his scientists to dissect Coulson instead of saving him. The agent should have bleed out long before the medics’ arrival, but there was a strange, totally unknown substance in his blood, which had stopped that from happening. The SHIELD scientists had tried to extract it from Coulson, without success. If the sensors of SHIELD’s medical hadn’t been a secret gift from Carol Danvers to Fury, centuries ahead of what was found on Earth, the substance wouldn’t even had been found. Whatever it was, it had repaired torn blood vessels, insinuated itself in the liver and took over for a week, as said liver was repairing itself way too quicker.
“I will bring back a delegation of Asgard’s scientists,” the prince said, and saw Tony fall back against the couch, strings cuts, taking careful breaths. Thor put a friendly hand on his shoulders.
Not because of the poking thing. That was stupid. Only, Bruce understood perfectly well smart men could do stupid things.
Well…sometimes, Bruce delivered, and there were, really, way too much idiots with access to Gama radiations. Did his own example teach them nothing? Did they thought green was their colour? Every other time, Tony delivered, with Bruce’ along on a crazy science ride. Neurobiology, molecular biology, mathematical modelling, biotechnology, astrobiology, applied mechanics, thermonuclear physic, cryptography, software engineering…those were a few of the domains Tony used at the drop of a hat, always proving himself a specialist only a few people in the worlds could have followed.
And when Coulson, way better if still pale and having lost weigh he couldn’t afford, asked for the position of the Avengers handler, Fury gave in, even if he wanted more to put him on a fly for a beautiful place for a much needed vacation. Warm water and coconut, which was what he had imagined for Phil, not playing mahouts for a bunch of superheroes.
Some, getting more and more vocal, were advocating to keep him locked down in a maximum security complex, to ensure he wouldn’t fly away, to ensure his time would be used wisely to advance humanity. Like Tony was a resource, something to use in the time of his life, never knowing pleasure and friendship, something to be put to work, without rest, before age finally extinguished him. Like Tony resting was a waste of time, a time which should be used for him to do research, in domains chosen by other, most of the time those who advocated for that program.
“SI is deploying arc reactors all over the world as fast as we can. And we’re working on climate change and a lot of other problems that I really should have tackled long ago if I wasn’t the king of cowards, hiding away in my workshop-“
She still wasn’t surprised one morning to find him watching the pod. She had no idea how he found them, how he broke into the house. Her hand fond her weapon, but she hesitates. Nobody told her how far she was supposed to go to protect Barnes. Maria breathes Shield, and Stark is an advantage for Shield, even if he refuses to build them weapons. Shield’s lives have been saved countless times by his inventions.
Since Natasha had been playing Nathalie Rushman, she had saw less orgies and crazy shenanigans that Tony Stark’s files at Shield and a simple search on Youtube let to believe. But she had been ready for them, so she wasn’t exactly surprised when Pepper had sent her to the workshop with her own codes one day, and she had found Tony and a half-naked woman.
Tony Stark and Coulson were very much not what he would have bet on for the occupants. Stark looked furious and Phil looked exhausted, something that wasn’t surprising for a man locked in a car with Tony-silent-is-for-the-weak-Stark.
“No. I understand why you did. Humanity needs Tony to live. He will change the world. Also, don’t let him tinker with Lola, unless you want it flying.”
But he had still given that last piece of advice, which he had repeated, years after years, until it was second nature to Tony.
“What’s the problem in this fine morning?” Tony asked once he was seated. He had put on a smile, in a way Steve remembered the USO doing when they were exhausting and a politician was too close.
After a moment of silence, where he seemed to hesitate, he also gave her two of those devices he used to bring documents to Shield when he did them the curtesy of pretending Jarvis wasn’t in their system and couldn’t simply put anything he wanted in it. It was supposed to be USB devices, but Maria had used them before, and thought they were to USB devices what an Airbus was to Icaru’s wings.
Two, nobody was supposed to know where Nick lived. It was an ultrasecure location, on file only on some very secure in the Pentagon, and nowhere at Shield.
“Well, if you’re testing it on your co-conspirator, it’s still a secret, so you need more breasts, don’t you? Before Dr Janssens take it back to Amsterdam.”
“If he protests later, I will make him remember the time he told everyone I work with I was dead. And didn’t think about the possibilities one of them, or a lot of them, would reach to my family for condolences.”
“No, but it’s bloody exorbitant. I’m using vibranium. They will want to commercialize it like that, because it would make a lot of money; but it will be reserved to people with deep pockets. I can’t go with it to the board, only with an affordable version, something we could commercialize all over the globe.”
“Greed isn’t reserved to your board, I’ve seen it in other people. And you know them better than me.”
“I want more for my people than a chance of surviving because an Asgardian prince like us, no offense. What if you’re called back? What if…” He stopped again.
“My dad said after three languages, you weren’t a polyglot, you were a trained monkey,” he said and it made so much sense from what she knew of the departed and not so much regretted Howard Stark.
He still thought the word was perfect for Tony-Learned-Thermonuclear-Physics-Last-Night-Stark. If any of the Avengers or the SHIELD officers had a grasp of what exactly Bruce and Tony’s work on the sceptre entailed, they wouldn’t have treated the subject as so easy. Three, perhaps four other people in the world could have understood their work that day, and Bruce was sure nothing of that had been on Tony’s official studies on the MIT.
“Oh. So, what program is causing problems? If this about creating a new one, it’s more Pepper’s turf, but of cause I can help-“
Tony had pushed around the furniture’s in the living room, to have more place for the paper, and started scribbling.
Tony Stark spoke English, Spanish and French. It was in his official biography, on his Wikipedia page. Pepper knew it, had known for years which contracts and documents should be translated, and which shouldn’t, and she had heard him charm investors in those three languages, as fluent in the last two than he was in English, and sometimes charm people for more nefarious, one night stand reasons.
“I wasn’t totally sure it would work,” Tony said, “I mean, I knew, of course, I designated it to work, but the blood loss need to be significant enough to trigger a reaction, and Jarvis never let me test it on myself.”
And, really, to be a part of the first inter-galactic Earth-Asgard mission, it was better to go as a representing of all humanity, and not only one country.
“My father’s favourite single malt. Probably not what you’re used to, but he’s a bit of a liquor snob, so it should be good.”
“I have, and I can come back later,” Natasha said, playing disinterest, when she was in fact very interested in whatever was happening there, outside of the profile.
It was the only valuable advice Howard gave him…No, it wasn’t true. There had been a time, when the intelligence of Tony had started to shine, when Howard had given him other good advices. Then, when Tony had reached the limits of what Howard knew, what Maria knew, and what his two special tutors, specialized in gifted kids, knew, even before he lost his first milk tooth, Howard had gone from proud to jealous.
“Afghanistan will never know peace as long as almost twenty per cent of the economy is narcoeconomy. But there is a big Afghan diaspora, full of talent and skill, only waiting for a sign of durable peace, a sign of a chance, to go home. The military…” Tony shrugged. He had been at the same time quite discontent with the US military since going back, and at the same time inconsolable about the soldiers who died trying to stop the Ten Rings to take him. Their families will never know poverty, not in ten generations. Not that it could replace a son, a daughter, a brother.
“Tony…” Rhodey whispered, examining the plan. He was feeling overwhelmed. He was a rocket scientist, he didn’t know the first thing about copper mining, or what sort of factories copper need, but he knew Tony. If the other man, almost jittery from caffeine, would wake him up for that, the project was ready.
“I’m learning the two. They’re two Iranian languages, how difficult can it be, once you know one? I’m starting with Pastho. I tossed a coin and Dari lost.”
It was easier now. With Jarvis’s help, he could reach so much more to find the intellectual stimulation he craved so much. He didn’t need so much the booze and the sex and the party to try to numb his brain, his insatiable brain, and to forget how fucking lonely all of that was, even if he never really stopped those things, to best cover his tracks, just slowed them down.
Tony liked to think it was a way for Howard to protect him, to be sure he wouldn’t end up in a lab, and not a way to be sure nobody would know how much smarter Tony was.
The protesters were still so numerous that it took all Coulson talent to organize and to stop different group from tearing each other apart.
Sometimes, he invited Tony into his own lab, in Stark Tower, and let him lose on a problem. It was a joy to see Tony’s brain work when he was feeling safe. When he knew nobody would judge him for how quick he was.
A genius, but a normal one, not something so outside the usual parameters. So outside the human parameters.
“I was never there,” Tony said and Coulson would have asked what he meant, but he was losing the fight against passing out.
That was the first time she understood Tony was more than robotics and stuff going boom. And during their stint at a couple, he had once come to bed with his StarkReader and told her to take a look at his books. A lot of titles were in languages she couldn’t understand.
For years, Tony buried it, and cheated as much as he could to obtain the intellectual stimulation he needed without letting people know the truth about him. But it was so, so damn hard. He developed Dummy first as a decoy: when people came to his workshop; they were too busy ogling his robot to pay attention to clues he would have left lying around, books in languages he wasn’t supposed to talk, about subjects he wasn’t supposed to be interested in, materials that had nothing to do with robotics…. Of course, then he got attached to Dummy, but that was a story for another time.
“I’m not. Dr Janssens here is the head of an oncology department in her country. The device will be their official brain’s child. They’re already selecting women for a first trial.”
“-and the more we dug, the more we had paths to follow, the more we dug. We did a little hacking in other countries –“
And Coulson left, with a genius and the answers to make the world a little better, written in purple glittery ink on pastel paper tablecloth.
“Or did you wanted to see Bruce? He’s in Madagascar again, there is some sort of ceremony there, to celebrate the end of leprosies on Earth, but he should be back next month, he just has a stop to make in India and-“
With just a few hours left for his plan to take flight, he was hoping he can leave off on a good note with these people. So he sat down with a red head assassin and a god on either side of him, and joked around with them until they roared with laughter. “I hadn’t known you were a hilarious man, Tony! I haven’t laughed this much in years!” Thor had said.
It wasn’t a shock. Tony knew Fury would decide upon this, no questions asked. He also knew there was nothing to negotiate. This was the safest place for the Avengers after the tower, regardless of how it wasn’t so for him for the longest time. His serious case of PTSD was protesting heavily against this, but he knew he would have to eventually suck it up and recall his priorities list, which currently held the Avengers’ safety at the very top. His mental health has been in steady decline for as long as he can remember, and traumatic events have been popping up in his life as often as new software updates did on his computer.
He’s walking around the mansion like mines could be potentially under his feet, and he holds his breath as he passes by his childhood room, and he fears that if he were to walk in there that he would see red, blue, and white stars decorate the walls and not the suite of a man he fights alongside with. He shuts his eyes tightly as he passes by Howard’s study room, but all he could see is green, red, and gold, and he could hear a voice in his head mockingly sing
Later that night, Tony decided against sleeping and stayed around for a movie, per Clint’s request. He watched with heavy, sleepy eyes as Clint and Bruce argued over whether they should watch yet another Star Wars movie or a documentary. Steve sneaked from around them to get the remote controller and put on a smug smile when the two men groaned in defeat upon The Great Gatsby playing. “You and your boring literature remakes, Rogers,” Natasha muttered.
“Oh god, that’s true. I used to get sick every two business days. Every winter I’d just pray I wouldn’t slip into a coma or get too sick that I die.”
“Oh, sweetheart. Get anywhere near my room and I’m adding a boomerang feature to your arrows,” Tony said lightheartedly, but his mind was clad in anxiety and absolute paranoia over the thought of any of the Avengers wandering around his childhood room.
Rape survivors, Steve has learned, often feel as though much of their liberty to make choices and decisions has been robbed off them. He used to not understand why Rhodey would always insist that his best friend chooses the pancake toppings he wants instead of throwing whatever toppings available upon being told “Whatever you decide,” or his insistence on giving the genius hugs somedays without asking while on other days he would ask if his best friend was okay with a touch as simple and as innocent as a hand on the shoulder. Now, Steve appreciates those things about Rhodey, and has taken him as a source of inspiration to learn more and do better. He knows that somedays Tony was too sensitive and hyperaware of a human’s touch to him. Other days, he would long and yearn for human contact, but never ask of it as to not “taint” whoever he comes to touch. He knows that somedays Tony felt incredibly small and vulnerable, thus threatened. Other days, Tony’s feet walked the ground steadily and his chin held high, and Steve didn’t know whether the brunet was coping or whether it was his way of screaming
Tony gave him a look of absolute appreciation and a warm smile. Steve’s heart almost melted at the sight. “I hope they get him good.”
Tony tried to ease his mind and let out a shaky sigh. He stepped in closer to the Captain and reached his hands over to the clothed chest and broad shoulders. He ran his hands all over Steve’s torso all while maintaining eye contact. Occasionally, Tony’s eyes flickered, and his hands faltered, but a fierce look of determination would cross his face, and he’d keep going. Steve noticed how Tony had to crane his neck and tiptoe to touch his shoulders and suggested that he sits, but Tony refused.
“He is alive and well. You may retreat to your daily activities now,” JARVIS tells them when they ask. He sounds bitter and cold.
“As you should, Tin Man,” he ruffled Tony’s hair playfully and heard a giggle. “I missed you too. And I got you doughnuts.”
Sex might be pleasuring, warm, and could possibly make him see stars, but love feels light and intense all at once. The warmth that engulfed him was steady and everlasting. Sure, the chase after release could make him see stars, but nothing was as fascinating as the glowing blue—life, love, a second chance, nothing short of seeing galaxies and planets drop to their knees before him.
He doesn’t know if this is a trick question or not. Obadiah’s words are still too fresh in his mind, especially after the events of the day.
He wonders if he’ll ever find someone who becomes his source of never-ending strength, and decides that A) he doesn’t deserve to have that, and B) even if he did somehow have that someone, it wouldn’t be fair on them. He has caused Jarvis and Peggy much stress, and he does so now to Rhodey and Pepper. Which is why he often locks himself away in his lab; he just doesn’t wanna be a burden. Not to mention the mental breakdowns he would spiral into that no one but the Avengers have been witnesses of so far. It makes him wince to recall just how vulnerable and out of control he was, but the vultures of his mind like feeding on pain and self-destruction.
cliff hanger because as much as i like being nice to y'all and giving y'all regular updates, i also like being evil :)
Steve saw as Tony’s face glowed with a beaming, genuine smile, and he immediately sunk into her open arms and buried his head against her shoulders. Tony was young, but in her arms, he somehow looked much younger, and Steve couldn’t help the infatuated smile that spread on his lips. “It’s me, Aunt Peggy. I missed you so much.”
And if Tony was crying silently under the blankets, nobody dared to comment. They just left off with the note that if he needed anything, they were here. They will always be here.
Steve rested his wrists over the man’s chest as he fiddled with the tie and successfully untied it. He didn’t think Tony would want him to go any further, so he stopped at that, but Tony had taken the soldier’s big hand to sit atop the glowing blue, and whispered a determined “Unbutton my shirt. Take it off.”
With one last tug at the arc reactor, he felt the slow, painful shadows of death loom over him. All the pain, all the violation of his body and trust, all the times he has been dragged to filth by the media and his teammates, all the panic attacks, all the sleepless nights, all the nightmares, all the mental breakdowns, all the suicidal tendencies and attempts have not prepared him for this. Yet, he was reaching with his hands for it. He yearned for it.
“Don’t,” Tony breathed out. He tried to make it sound harsh, but it came out pleading and desperate. “Don’t say it. I-I can’t take.”
He snaps out of his thoughts when the team urges him to follow him to the communal area to unwind. When they make it up there, Pepper greets them and continues chewing on sushi in the kitchen and scolding Tony in between bites.
The mania was finally sated; his mind buzzed in satisfaction. And as he saw blurs of figures approach him with their hands reaching out, he made the effort to smile at them before his eyes shut and his lips declared: “This is luxury.”
And that’s how Tony would end up placed in between the man’s the legs with his back resting against his chest. He would moan and cry as the older man stroked torturously slow. But Obadiah knew what he was doing. He wanted to make Tony more and more desperate with every stroke. Until one day he finally programmed the idea in Tony’s head to have sex.
So Tony would let Steve hold his hand, run those big and soft hands through his brown curls, cup his cheeks and trace the features of his face with care, and lay his head on the soldier’s lap while he tells him of humorous stories of how SHIELD handled what he had called the “defrosting” of him, and when Tony’s ill mentality would morph Steve’s face into that of the poster’s and make him smell nothing but strong whiskey and cigarettes, he would make a run to his room or the lab. Steve would never make himself out to appear bothered by any of it, although it did sting a bit. Instead, he would follow Tony’s footsteps into whatever room he has locked himself in and continue to talk or read out of pages of books from behind the door until he'd sleep, and in the morning, Tony would wake him up with a cup of coffee exactly how the soldier likes it, and a smile that told the soldier that those body aches from sleeping on the hard floor by the door were worth it. What the soldier never knew is that his heavy sleep kept him from feeling the brunet’s crouched figure by his side running his fingers through the blonde locks.
He falls into her arms as he weeps. He’s holding onto her for dear life, and he feels small. But he lets himself feel small in her arms because he had been small in her arms. He doesn’t mind it. If anything, he finds comfort in it, similar to the comfort he had felt sleeping in the Captain’s arms with his head nuzzled into his warm chest. He doesn’t flinch at such realization, he smiles at its face, but he knows he won’t be able to smile at it or at the Captain anymore. Not after tonight.
“Ay, my friend. Since a young, vulnerable age. And it seems that the men of Afghanistan did so, too. Recent memories were on the front seats of his mind. I know they were recent because images of his wounded chest were displayed in his time of—”
Tony frowned as his mind raced through memory after memory of a time where he felt somewhat that way. “I... think my time in MIT, maybe?”
When they all gathered around on the table, Tony was resisting the urge to cry at how much the food tasted like Jarvis had made it. He was quiet as he chewed. Slowly, carefully, as if anything quicker than that pace would be offensive. The team were too busy bickering and chatting, and he took the time to mentally cry out to the British man of how much he missed him.
“I’m not gonna sit here and give you a lecture on why you need to go or the benefits of therapy. We knew you wouldn’t take up on it. But SHIELD being SHIELD, they didn’t listen. But here’s the thing, no one’s gonna force you to go. This is the kinda thing that you just gotta be ready for to approach. I’m just here to tell you that when you’re ready, I know great therapists who would do whatever it takes to help you. You just gotta let me know.”
They took a turn to some sort of gate decorated in a camouflage of green leaves. Tony moved a few leaves out of the brick wall to reveal a screen that recognized his handprint. It greeted him as it displayed his name and the gate of leaves parted enough for them to enter and shut right after.
A soft knock came to the door before Pepper could open her mouth, and a nurse came in to announce that Agent Fury came to visit.
Steve couldn’t for the love of him wrap his head around; simply because he didn’t know it. Now, he’s angry and frustrated because time seems to be his greatest enemy, always making sure he knows it as he hears the clock ticking or JARVIS’ declaration of it ringing through his ears during nights of cold panic. And all those realizations he comes to be kicked in the gut by always come up to him late,
“Yes, you did,” Bruce said. “We don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. We can always hear you talk about it when you're ready and whenever you want to. But we are sorry you went through what you went through.”
Steve kept staring up at Tony who awkwardly shifted on his feet. “I’ll leave you two catch up. I’ll, uh, be here soon again,” Tony said as he started to walk out.
“Should’ve been my fucking guest, birdie,” Tony, still sporting the art of keeping it together, joked. “Anyway, I’ll show you to your rooms.”
“You are cute! You are the cutest out there!” Steve said with faux fury and threw the pillow back at the genius.
“Tell me you’re proud of me.” Tony’s hands rested steadily on Steve’s thighs, his big brown eyes holding a strange sense of fondness and determination, and his breaths composed as calculatedly calm as ever. Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t scared and anticipating a break of his trust and bones, but it was dire that he does this, at least in his mind it was. “Tell me, Steve Rogers. Tell me you’re proud of me.”
A thunder bolt of lightning had him gasp and jump in place. Thankfully, no one noticed. Apparently, Thor was showing off his rightful title as God of Thunder, and the Avengers laughed when Clint distracted the God and ruined his lightning pattern, to which a bolt of lightning electrocuted the archer slightly and Thor laughed in delight.
He sighed again. He was getting exhausted. “Not... ‘bad,’ just scary. Which angers me. Which I have once taken out on him until I scared him. Which made me feel like shit. Which I don’t want to happen again. Which I need to fucking fix.”
As Steve talked of how he had come awfully close to death during the mission, Tony’s hands stilled. He couldn’t help the warm tears that flooded his vision, but when Steve casually mentioned how he had kept pushing and fighting to get back home—
Enough so that Steve felt confident in taking the next step, that Tony would be secure enough to move with him. That he would say yes, and Steve could finally -- finally -- grow old with the person he loved.
"Fury is en route as well," Clint continued, looking from Bruce to Thor, "and we have info on the spell Howard used."
nearest and dearest that it meant he was Tony's. Even though the other man had never given him reason to doubt that Tony felt the same way.
Tony lay on his back, legs spread and bent at the knees, his eyes--still bright--half lidded, and his mouth swollen with the kisses. "In my bag in the corner, I gots Vaseline."
"Okay?" Bruce asked, his hand stilling on his back for just a second before returning to the comforting circles.
Putting the dildo down, he picked his phone back up. There'd be time for that later. For now, he had a story to read.
The girls were in a fit of giggles, and Tony knew there'd be tweets about this later, the Avenger Army gushing over their antics.
The delicate blue and pink flowers that edged around the cups and the rest of the set looked ridiculous when you only saw them set against the modern steel and contemporary kitchen, but like Tony, if you took a step back and appreciated it as a whole, the small wonder of classic beauty was breathtaking. Something soft mingled with the harder futuristic world. Steve adored them.
Tony's face fell, "Hey, that wasn't you. You're the Howard I got to hear about from Steve when we first met." Hoping up onto one of the benches, Tony clasped his hands in front of him and angled his body so he could look at Howard straight on. "I'm pretty damn happy to meet that guy. I didn't know he actually existed."
"I'll gather up the stuff you have in my suite and get it to you no later than tonight." His heart breaking, Tony was unable to hold back the tears that slipped down his face.
It was instinct, Bruce thought, that Steve's hand reached out to fold over Tony's. Bruce said nothing, but he did send a quiet prayer to a God he wasn't sure he believed in that no one was photographing them. Tony needed that physical touch.
Howard waved his hand, dismissing the past. "Already forgiven. You had every right to hate me. What the other me did was unforgivable.
Tony felt his chest tighten. "Do you want me? I thought you wanted me." He couldn't have misread the situation that badly! Not with all the kissing and the touches and the--
That was Steve's cue. If Tony was pulling at the skin around his nails, it meant his anxiety was up higher than he could hide. He'd need both of them now.
Tony dropped his hands flat on the table, the bang and clanking of glasses startling an older couple next to them. "I already spend
Tony put down the phone for a minute, needing to catch up and stretch himself enough to get the dildo inside himself.
Clint mumbled under his breath but forked over two twenty dollar bills and an extra ten in tip when Natasha elbowed him.
"At its simplest, his body can't process gluten. It's found in wheat, barely, rye, malt… It's kind of like an allergy, but it's not."
Using the arm in his grasp, Steve pulled Tony close to him, wrapping his arms around the smaller man. "You're not useless."
Reaching out, he took Tony's hand in his own and squeezed it, smiling tightly before standing and turning to face his judgment. This Fury held the answers, and whether or not they were what Howard wanted to hear was irrelevant. He would take the punch, and he would find a way.
Happy nodded, frowning. He was of the same mind as the others, which was simply that the media were a bunch of assholes who didn't know jack shit.
"I'm good, glad to be here! Sorry I'm late," she rushed right into business, laying her briefcase on the long oak table and gesturing for them to return to their seats, "I have the contracts for the tour, but first I want to talk about promo for the album. Have you decided on a first single yet?" Steve opened his mouth to speak, but she pressed on, always organized and a born leader. And also, the more she established friendly dominance to begin with, the better her chances at making it through the next eighteen months, "Never mind that, get your choices to me by email and I'll pick one. The music scene is changing again, so if you want to be relevant, we're going to have to-"
Steve was overprotective and oftentimes overstepped his boundaries, but it was understandable to a point. It was he - not Howard - who had been tasked with cleaning up that particular mess.
"Uh, well, it's been a few months, I don't know, maybe almost a year? But I keep getting sick after I eat. I can't keep anything down. And, uh, sometimes," he paused, slightly coloring, "sometimes it's diarrhea. Sometimes I'm, uh, I guess constipated." His face pinched. This was embarrassing. "I'm also always really tired. And I get these migraines, and this ridiculous brain fog. I don't know, there's other things. Like my stomach gets all bloated. But those are the worst." He thought for a moment. "And I can't keep a tan apparently."
Pushing off the door frame, he stepped into the living room, arms still tight against his chest. "Don't just barge in. You don't get that courtesy, Howard. That's for
Rhodey sat so still next to Tony that he had to turn from the window to make sure he was still there.
They took a cab back to the tower, the weather a bit too chilly to keep the food warm, and ascended in the elevator. Natasha smacked Clint's hand away each time he tried to pick an onion slice up to eat it. "Stop it, we're almost there!"
"And anyway," he said, completely used to her threats and legitimately not caring, "I'll be a perfect rebound if they ever break up."
Barton was growing wild, his panting stuttering as he closed in on his orgasm. "Smack him again." Steve didn't hesitate. "Fuck, look at how his muscles react."
"Come on," Natasha said, bumping his shoulder. Clint winced and shot her a look. "Let's go meet him. I'll get you some ice. Wuss."
"I promise. I know we need to do the whole...honesty thing. I just..." he sighed, turning his head to kiss one of Steve's palms. "I just need you right now."
Bruce took a step back, but not out of offense or fear. His gaze was concerned, worried about Tony's reactions, but aware of his need for space. Tony was filled with a burst of appreciation for him. Bruce knew him well enough to discern the need to let Tony direct the conversation, to have authority over how it played out.
Coulson's face shows no change at Tony's comment; instead, he motions to Tony. "You were 38 when you died, so the difference in what your shell looks like and your spirit body will be minimal. I was 48 when I died, so the difference is much more pronounced. My current shell, however, is at 44. When my wings are away, I look much older."
But Steve was with him through it all, right there. Next to him. Comforting him. Going as far as to help bathe him when his energy was so gone that he tried to sleep away the need for basic hygiene. He rubbed his stomach, and soothed his aches. He loved him.
Steve sighed happily at Tony's weight against him, readjusting and wrapping his arms around his waist. "It's not sitting right with me, but Fury has a point."
"I-" Was Howard choking up? His eyes were becoming suspiciously red rimmed. "I would really appreciate that. I'm… I'm scared, Steve. Petrified. And it sounds so fucking stupid, but I don't want Tony to know."
"Say 'mess' again." And they were laughing, and Steve was kissing his face, peppering them all over his cheeks, his chin, his forehead...
"Hello?" he rasps. "Water? Please?" No one answers, and he lifts his hands, fumbling for the call button. It's next to his left arm, and his fingers curl around it, hitting it once. He hears the clicking of heels along the corridor outside the room, and a woman enters. She wears a white coat and a stethoscope around her neck.
Howard sat at the bar, idly swirling a scotch and soda and watching with unveiled fascination as the armor assembled around Rhodey. Tony studiously ignored him.
Tony's smile widened. "Step into my office," he stood with a flourish. The man nodded, his nerves undercutting the carefree vibe he was attempting to send. Not a copper, then. Just an
"No. We always do our best to infiltrate and attack, get our angels back before they perish." Michael's face is as stone-like as a statue of himself in a church, and Tony needs to swallow and remind himself to breathe.
Tony loved wearing Steve's clothes. They were comically big on him, but that was half the comfort. He tugged the hood up and pulled the sleeves over his hands, letting Steve tuck him in, adding extra blankets on top of the smooth duvet.
He was surrounded by people who loved him but was somehow still lonely. No one understood him like Bucky. No one could steer his mind like he did. Had he been there with Steve, there was a chance that Steve wouldn't have made so many mistakes concerning Tony and Howard.
conspiring against me?" Tony called out as he stalked past them, brandishing the forks in one hand as a culinary weapon. "I won't stand for this!"
"I'll take your word for it. Tony-" standing, she came around the desk to crouch beside the chair and take his hand, "-what are you going to do about it?"
decide to make." There was a pointed glance at Steve, and again Clint found himself slowly moving away. He didn't know how Pepper always knew when someone did
It was a nice thought, but Tony knew Howard. He was an ogre. A monster. He screamed and yelled and hit. He drank, and he rampaged. He was a shadow cast upon Tony's entire life, and nothing he did could move his feet enough to step out from the shade. His roots were deep and stubborn, and he couldn't bloom in the darkness.
The fungus of Howard reached out and infected everything involved in Tony's life, souring even the sweetest berries.
"Now," Avery started again, since the pleasantries were out of the way, "how have you been feeling, Mr. Stark?"
"You're not the only one who's been self-righteous, honey. Me too. And I'm sorry for not sitting down and talking to you -- really talking to you -- before this. I'm sorry for letting my anxiety win instead of trusting in your love." He was shaking, just a little, and Steve squeezed him, his own body tightly wound.
Could it really be true? Could Steve want Tony? Even if the genius didn't think he was good enough, Steve sure seemed to think so. That had to mean something, right?
Tony clenched around him, his body writhing with desire, hips undulating to meet each drive inside him. It took a few tries, but Steve found the angle perfect for hitting his prostate on every inwards push, knew he had found it when Tony keened, his back arching, moaning Steve's name over and over.
"And your doctor wants you to chill out and stop trying to clog your veins." Tony responded, looking over his glasses at him. "If Bruce hears-"
The creature was literally a sewer dragon. A fire breathing, nasty smelling sewer dragon. Ridden by a burly man with a dirty beard and beady black eyes in a long coat and a top hat. Steve had to rub his own eyes to make sure he was seeing what he actually thought he saw.
"Yeah, me too. But the good news-" Steve said as he sat up, "-is that we don't have to worry about that anymore."
Tony almost came right there. He quickly squeezed himself to stop the orgasm, gasping at how quick the intensity built.
Now she understood why other managers had up and quit on them. It wasn't because they were mean or egotistical or cruel; they weren't divas.
"Don't you dare insult Top Ramen in front of me!" Clint sassed, ignoring an offended look from a young couple at the next checkout.
And then of course his traitorous stomach made its choice loudly. Very loudly. Steve's laughing didn't help, as Tony let his head drop down in defeat. "You at least owe me a blow job later."
There was no sign of the Captain or Stark, and Thor, laden with gifts for his comrades, was struck silent for half a second before dropping his parcels and lunging forward to help Barton.
"Right away, sir." Jarvis spoke, pulling the story up on the closest screen to him. "You should add more lube, sir."
"You are the devil," he shot at her, making a beeline for the coffee maker. He fumbled in the cabinet, pulling out a shockingly purple mug. "Coffee?" He asked Howard, turning slightly to see him.
Tony had then opened his workshop for him and Thor had seen marvels of technologies he had sincerely thought humanities a few centuries far away. He hadn’t always been the most technology-oriented pupils for his teachers, but he still knew enough to understand how ahead of his time his teammate was.
Tony stayed one week with them and that was the strangest week in a long time for Clint, including the occasional alien invasion.
There was a moment of silence as Nick tried to swallow the enormity of what he was hearing. As he opened his mouth to talk, Stark cut him:
“This,” Tony started again, “is the first clean copper factory ever. Self-sufficient in term of power, because the power grid of the country is not quite top notch right now, but I will work on that.”
Tony kept his secrets, and Jarvis helped him, and for years Tony kept it religiously his father best advice, his father last advice.
apparently indicated a woman he had been corresponding with for years. That the good doctor had been sure he was a fellow specialist before he had reached out as Tony Stark after his return of Afghanistan. That his interests on the subject weren’t limited to the prototype and she was pretty sure, reading between the lines, he had also helped design new treatments protocols.
Tony swore, sucked on his fingers, but let Steve take the glass without protests. As he was piloting his teammate to the nearest couch, Steve took a discreet sniff of the liquid. Vodka, pure, at nine in the morning. Tony was more at his limits that all of them had believed.
“It’s for inter-system travels,” Thor immediately remarked, “I thought your specie hadn’t send man-shipped missions more far away than the moon, yet.”
The level of oxygen in the martian atmosphere was still a little weak for humanity, it wasn’t supposed to raise to Earth’s level before a few years, so he took his time in his trip back to the Martian Avengers Compound, to not need to use more. Around him, genetically modified succulents were decorating the landscape of green. How Mars had changed in five years only! Now, the once barren planet was home to six hundred billions humans, slightly more than Venus, and more colons were arriving every day in the biodomes cities.
“Yes, stuff,” Tony insisted, and then he opened another diagram, “Look at that, I have other ideas.”
“Stay,” he ordered Nathasha, “you have small hands, you can help with the fine calibrating. Resyntje, this is Nathalie Rushman, she works for SI. Nathalie, this is Dr Janssens, from Amsterdam. The Netherlands, not the Missouri city.”
Tony let his head ago against Steve’s shoulder and Steve closed his arms around him, like he was shielding him against the world.
“And in how many of them can you talk dirty to me?” And a laugh escaped him and they rolled on the bed, where he obediently told her everything he wanted to do with her in a myriad of foreign words. And every one of them felt like a caress.
“Did you…did you ….are you trying to say you infiltrated yourself in most of the world’s intelligence agencies in the six months since the battle of New York?”
“Because significant blood loss isn’t on laboratories recommended safe practices, even this one,” the AI interjected, and there was something long suffering in his tone, which made Phil believe it was a usual debate.
The scientists were too busy arguing between them, chemical or nanites, to ask themselves the question of why Loki’s sceptre would left that behind, but Fury asked himself the question every night, the only moment he could free himself from his responsibilities and sit down at one of his oldest friend bedside.
Four years later, as they were visiting the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange, in a tour organized by a Vietnamese company they were ready to do business with, Tony had taken her, their head of the negotiation and Obadiah apart.
“We didn’t, and you perfectly know it, don’t play dumb!” Tony had made himself cutting, and Thor turned to the smaller man, surprised.
And Tony blushed. Phil had more and more ideas to buddle him up in a duvet and to bake him his Dad’s famous strawberry trifle, something he usually reserved for hurt baby agents and his teenager nephews and nieces.
Maria Hill had the vague suspicion than Nick Fury feared the Soldier would need to be put down like a rabid dog, and that it would be best if Rogers never knew, in that case.
Coulson took his shoulders and Clint’s brain crashed. Coulson was the older brother Barney should have been, Coulson was family, had been for years, before Laura, before Natasha, Coulson had taken a young, lost punk with blood on his hand and made him into an agent of Shield, into someone Laura could love, into someone Clint could look into the mirror, but the numbers of time they had touched could be taken into account with two hands, and most of the time one of them had been dying.
“I will make sure it goes back to her,” he had said, and Pepper hadn’t asked anymore question, because she was terrified to learn the girl was a minor, and she needed the money from the job for her mother’s treatment. During the years, she thought sometimes about that moment. The more she knew him, the more she knew he would never touch a minor, because there were some lines in the sand Tony Stark never crossed, some things that wasn’t in his nature even at his most callous, self-hating self, and sometimes she asked herself why he had been so shifty about that girl, when the other were ejected by Pepper herself.
Steve found Tony in the penthouse. A drink in one hand, he was sombrely watching through the glass the mass of protesters. At this angle, it seemed like a never ending mob. Steve took a second to watch him. The skin was too pale, the shadows under the eyes too deep, the goatee unkempt and the hair a whole mess. And it was nine in the morning, and certainly not water in the glass.
“I’m not there for a program, for Bruce, for Pepper, for Rhodey or whatever link you will find between me and your third janitor.”
“And I think we’ll make each other disgustingly happy and keep each other in check of our most terrible bad habits.”
“It’s Greek,” Tony had said, “And…it isn’t mine. A chick was there. Who knew literature major could be so brazen and sexually liberated!”
And Tony would answer: “A better artificial heart.” Or “An arc reactor plane. Fuel, phew, what were they thinking?”, or something that looked like English but was a mystery like “A treatment for the Tay–Sachs disease”. Or “A tool to trap carbon dioxide, climate change has waited too long.” Or Clint’s favourite: “A moon station.”
Then Nick Fury straightened up, like he had done in every crisis, and said: “Talk to me about your plan.”
“What’s that?” He asked, because he knew Tony too well to ask the question someone else would have asked, like could it wait until morning.
“If I solve other unsolved problems in mathematics, could we have more cake?” had asked Tony at the end of the dinner, then disappeared into the living room to do just that. Whoever Barry Simon was, Clint was sure his problems wouldn’t resist Tony Stark on a quest for more chocolate. And he was right.
What most people didn’t understand was that word could mean such a range of beings. Intelligence was such a complex subject, could cover so many significances. Where was the limit? Differential calculus? That would exclude people like Mozart, like Picasso? Did people who changed the world were genius? Medicine had studied people with significant mental disabilities capable of learning easily ten languages.
“It’s wonderful what you have conceived,” Natasha said, “and I won’t tell anyone, of course. It’s important work.” And once again, that micro expression. Stark, no matters if that device saved some women’s lives and offered other the possibilities of screening without pain, didn’t believe it wiped the red in his ledger, something Natasha could empathize with.
“Your brain is wonderful,” he said, “but it’s your heart I have my sight on. And I’m a man with the plan, I always win at the end and I always deliver good on my promises.”
“They won’t be,” Tony promised, as a small compartment opened at the waist of the suit. He took out an injector, red and gold, and without a word pushed it against Coulson’s belly. Whatever he injected, the burn was strong enough to numb for a second the trauma of his wound.
“Nick Fury and yourself are officially having a row about the stranglehold of the World Council on Shield, and their desire to use the same sort of command on the Avengers.”
“Ok, I have contacts in a few agencies. I have selected higher-ups cogs who aren’t Hydra, and solved problems for them.”
“What? Tony, do you have any idea how long it is to learn a language? I will inquire and come back to you. Someone must know which language was your friend mother tongue.”
And then the real her, the Black Widow, pushed Nathalie apart and saw the irregularities in the scenario she already had imagined. The woman was at least thirty years older than Stark’s usual one-night-stand. The one-night-stands never had access to the workshop. Stark was wearing some dubiously clean jeans and a black sweater and the music was AC DC, not exactly a romantic playlist. The billionaire also was looking at her interruption with sharp eyes, stone sober, and there was anger in the curve of his lips, even if it was difficult to read with the small screwdriver in his mouth.
To Fury’s surprise, Stark, the one he was sure would protest and make nanny parallels, simply opened his Tower to Coulson, and offered to design new, much better, bulletproof jackets for the SHIELD agents.
“Tony Stark must survive what will happen in the next few days,” Coulson enunciated very clearly, “Because he will rebuild, if everything crash and burn. Nobody will find him there, I made sure of it, but I need you to sit on him if he panics and tries to run to help us. Tony Stark can’t leave until further notice. I have never given you a most important order. Do you understand?”
“Well, what did you bring me to solve? Does Barnes has problem with his prosthesis again? I told him to stop punching that member of Quill’s ship with it.”
“Are you telling me you developed that alone? When did you learn so much about human anatomy? About medicine?”
After one week, Coulson came back, chauffeured, because he had a broken arm. He told Clint, Tony and Laura, about the fall of Hydra, and as Tony was loading his rolls of tablecloth research into the car, Coulson asked Clint:
“I’m…I’m learning his language. Only, I was so busy with my ideas of escape that I never asked him the good questions. Never really asked about his family, never really asked about his language. Do you know there are two official languages in Afghanistan? I; for me, had no idea, because I arrived as in conquered territories, and never thought I would talk to someone else in the country than our military.”
“But I have every intention to seduce you out of our clothes at the first occasion and to let you too exhausted to even think about working.”
Rhodey always knew Tony was smart, and he always knew Tony was interested in more than robotics despite his official bio, but post-Afghanistan, he realized a few things.
“You saved my life, so I’m having a drink with you. And since your project is top secret, what would you say of preening, for once, with a human audience? I’m not as smart as Jarvis, but I would be happy to know more about the stuff in my veins….And first, if I get shoot tomorrow, would it still work? A second time? A third?”
“Are we about to have a row about the stranglehold of the World Council on Shield, and their desire to use the same sort of command on the Avengers?”
Once…no, twice, they were clues, but Pepper hadn’t interpreted them correctly. Once, at the beginning, she had arrived at Tony’s house earlier than usual, hoping to corner him into paperwork before he locked himself in the workshop for the day. On the kitchen table, there had been a paper book. In Tony’s house. Ἑπτὰ ἐπὶ Θήβας, proclaimed the cover and as Pepper opened it, the text was as obscure to her as the title.
Tony then took an afternoon of with Laura, to learn gardening, even if Laura insisted that wasn’t something that could be learned in a few hours, that nature didn’t work like that. At dinner, between scribbling a future experiment to solve the origin of the alpha effect, something Clint vaguely understood had a rapport with chemistry but couldn’t be put in use before Tony had access to a lab to implement it, and something about protein folding, Tony babbled about his plans for the Maria Stark foundation to preserve heirloom varieties.
And Stark’s shoulders lost of a little of their tension, once Coulson was sitting on the couch, once it was clear he couldn’t reach Stark quick enough to be a danger.
“Yes, and look, it’s partnered with a factory to produce directly copper wires and cables, instead of sending metal in other countries for that part of the work. And I’m almost finished on my project for rare earth elements mining and treatments. Clean, not that crap they do in China. Legal is already working on a proposition for their governments. And a little help of the military would be welcome, instead of having to use the usual private companies of professional killers playing mercenaries, that’s why you’re coming in. And money, money is gonna be a little tight. I can’t sell too much part of SI, I need a controlling interest, but I’ve already given orders to sell the Ibiza Mansion, and the South Pacific private island.”
Stark turned and Natasha saw for the first time the device he was working on. It was a metallic half-sphere, the exterior as shiny as Iron Man, but grey instead of the red and gold, and the interior was full of little nibs in something that looked like plastic but, knowing Tony Stark, certainly wasn’t.
He never found the answer, but in a life where he had buried too many friends, he was too happy for that to be anything else but a footnote.
“Don’t serve me that crap! Shield is only respecting laws when it serves you. The numbers of international borders… But that’s not the subject. J started to find irregularities. Not big stuff…just breadcrumbs. But his computation capacities are way ahead of what he pretends usually. He started digging, then made me aware of the problems. We hacked other agencies-“
“I’m already late,” Coulson continued, “Stark will fill you in, once he stop sulking. From now, you’re on a total black out. No outside communication, no trip in town, nothing. You’re bodyguarding Stark, and by that I mean he stays there and doesn’t communicate with anyone.”
Some groups protested the Asgardians Tony was now working with, and the scientists from other planets that were slowly dripping down to Earth. The whole coalition slowly crystalizing around Thor and Tony against Thanos had been a success exceeding all hope and since Thanos and his troops had been flattened somewhere around Neptune’s orbit, the coalition had grown, switching from war to peace, sharing knowledge and research and resources in a way no period of history in the galaxy had known. But people being people, there were still protesters thinking Tony was selling them to aliens overlords.
Tony has never been more resplendent at this idea. Something new, to learn, to explore. His brain didn’t scream in hunger in the same way, not now, but he was always happy to throw himself head first into new knowledge domains.
“Not all of them, only a good chunk of them. And in three months only, before I was busy with New York’s reconstruction and making sure I had every little bits of Hydra probably tagged.  And don’t make that face, those are good news. Now, we can root out Hydra. I have a plan, and contacts. We can strike everywhere on the globe at the moment, scoop out every bad guy in the same strike, to be sure no part of the tentacles escape to grow again. I wanted to do you the courtesy of telling you myself, as Shield’s cancer is in the worst state of all of them. But the plan is ready, every packet of intel for my contacts too. How’s next week for you to save the world?”
“Don’t be rude,” the other woman chastised and to Natasha’s surprise, his anger relented, and he gave her a charming smirk, all heat and lust.
He just hoped he could balance the scale a little, atone a little, before they lock him up as a freak and started to tear his brain apart.
If he broke a few doors on the way, Jarvis knew to cover his tracks. From the moment Coulson went down to the moment Fury found him, the cameras stopped functioning in that area. Not surprising, with the virus Barton had sent. And the same cameras clearly saw Tony working an extra urgent repair in the suit, alone in a cargo bay, something no one could find strange, after the suit and its pilot playing flipper ball to save the entire ship.
When Phil Coulson was pierced by the staff, Jarvis flagged his name in red and Tony, who had just saved the helicarrier from crashing down and sending the numbers of victims of the day in the triple digits, Tony cursed and rushed to Coulson.
Bruce said nothing. Never. And together, they prepared a better world and searched for every answers the universe had to give.
“Well, I’m totally ready to be listen to poetry in other languages. I swear I will be properly seduced,” she had said to defuse the tension she could see in his eyes and in the corner of his mouth and he had laughed, as she hoped he would.
“Where did you find the time, with Iron Man and everything about your company? When did you have the time to research all of that?”
“I’m Tony Stark,” he said and as a professional liar, she could admire the craft of a good actor, all false charm that would have work on anyone else, “I’m Tony Stark, playboy and America’s most lustful Casanova,” and then his smile turned self-deprecating.
Stark himself played with his food more than anything. He didn’t touch the beer. Nick was beginning to feel quite anxious.
“-give that to her doctor. They can call SI if they want other data. We’re going public with it next month. No use, yet, for people in last stages, but for others, it will slow down the illness enough that they will die of old age before Alzheimer will be enough of a problems to affect their lives.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you more before,” Coulson smiled, and Clint took that in his soul and kept it. He wasn’t cast out.
It was moments like these when Steve tried as best as possible to show support and rain reassurances down on the brunet. It was easy to do so and in no time. Tony was smiling again. Of course, Steve knew a thing or two about pushing the dust under the rug, but he also knew that Tony wasn’t necessarily a huge fan of speaking openly about his feelings in front of an audience, so he would wait until they were alone in the lab and give him words of encouragement and reassurance. Slowly but surely, the brunet would start to speak, and Steve would listen intently.
"I have always had much respect for you. Much like our Captain, I was clueless on the whereabouts of this realm and its ways. You taught me so much and I’m forever grateful for what you have given me of knowledge and a home here in Midgard. My dearest apologies to you for my moments of disrespect and ignorance of your pain,” Thor said.
“No. He never told me anything. But I remember when I was spying on him as his assistant, he got so drunk one night and started mumbling about how his father never loved him. Never knew the extent of that statement, however,” Natasha spoke.
He walked into the kitchen for a cup of coffee and had nearly broke the mug when Bruce chimed in “Oh, by the way, Steve’s back.”
Rhodey was smart enough to ask the team of how much they knew and was surprised to know that Steve and Thor know of the extent of the abuse he endured in Afghanistan as well as under Obadiah’s wing.
The room was silent after that. All of them holding their breaths except for Tony, who was giggling lazily against Steve’s chest. Steve was incredibly worried and didn’t know what to do. Does he talk? Does he stay quiet? Does he hold the man tighter in his embrace and tell him that the world doesn’t deserve him?
Once in the retirement home, the receptionist greeted Tony and exchanged casual talk until she gave him a grant to visit in five minutes. “Is that... oh my god. Is that Captain America behind you?”
His body convulsed and rebelled against his actions, but he kept a tight grip on the arc reactor until he felt his body slump and saw the glowing blue die slowly with him. He hoped that the smile on his lips doesn’t die away, too.
“Please, Steve,” his voice dripped with heavy desperation and dire need for his mind to come to terms with the idea that Steve will not hurt him, not when the door is locked or when his hands have touched him gently or when he had technically just put on a stripping show for him and sure his pants are still on but
“He’s having a panic attack,” Bruce pointed out. “His face is covered. Get him off you so he could breathe!”
“Sir, I have found valuable information,” JARVIS declared. “I have located the leader of the organization, and I have sent a tip for SHIELD agents to capture him. They are currently three minutes away from his exact location.”
He couldn’t tell. The fake sunflowers decorating the walls by the TV were warning signs—yellow all around, a standing black void in the middle—like the many CAUTION signs around the weaponry manufacturing company he once owned. The TV itself a blank, black screen. Grand and big as it is, it made his reflection look small; insignificant.
Still, it sent his troubled heart into a frenzy of panic. The man had not only demanded that he speaks to Tony Stark and no one else, but that they be alone in the interrogation room the whole time, or he won’t speak at all.
It all started when Bruce was peacefully watching Hell’s Kitchen and occasionally took notes of recipes and cooking mistakes to avoid whenever chef Gordon Ramsey started yelling. The string of clever insults said by the head-chef caught Clint’s attention, and he quickly ran off to drag Tony from his lab to join him in making a list of all the insults they could learn and use. A few hours into watching the show, they grew more educated on the cooking process, and yelled along with the host of the competition at the mistakes the contesting chefs would make.
He should feel something, but he had nothing to lose. It was a peaceful revelation that put his soul at ease. He wanted to take that sense of peace with him to where he wanted to go, and that’s why he exposed everything his mind had put chains and locks over.
He expected JARVIS to respond, but Tony’s soft voice came through the ceiling. “You’re welcome, Steve.”
The occasional constrictions of his chest felt much worse. The sighs of agitation and frustration grew louder and much more frequent through the days. His eyes watered at night as he hugged a pillow close to his chest. The skin of his hands itched for the golden locks and porcelain, soft skin.
They sat under the tree, where Steve’s eyes caught on various carvings on its trunk. He traced his hand along an angry carving of
With more time, came more progress, more exercises, more slip-ups, more learning, more coming to terms with who he is and how he is like and why he is who he is and why he is like what he is like. He was still not ready to confront Steve with his feelings for him and the feeling of fear and how the image of that goddamn poster hung above his fucking bed still haunted him, but he was starting to find a sense of comfort in the Captain’s touches and was able to shut down the screams in his head of how much
“I’m okay, Peggy,” he whispers and tucks a strand of her graying her behind her ear. “I’m always okay.”
“Sei al sicuro,” he heard the soft, eloquent voice say. “Sei lontano da quel posto. Sei qui, in America. Nella torre. Stai bene.”
The team chuckled when Tony groaned frustratingly as he watched the Captain pout. “Fine! Jesus, Cap. Is that how you killed the Nazis? You just gave them those puppy eyes?”
He had tried to recall the various exercises his therapist told him of. They worked sometimes. All he had to do was get a grip on reality. But how could he do so when all he could see were
Clint cleared his seat to make space for the Captain and sat on the other side to watch intently and narrate the chess battle.
He has seen Tony for what he truly is. Of course, it wasn’t a deliberate act of Tony’s, Steve just happened to catch glimpses of it here and there. He caught the many internal battles Tony had as he held on tight to a bottle of scotch during sleepless nights in the kitchen, before emptying the glass into the sink and resorting for coffee instead. He caught the man on phone calls with orphanages promising to deliver money, toys, and better security systems every month. He caught the man teetering on the edge of panic and terror whenever the room got too hot (
“Tony? Are you alright? You look pale,” Bruce’s concerned face chimed in as soon as Tony entered the communal kitchen area where the team was present.
It’s been years of dictating how he feels and how he should react. It’s been years of smiling and raising his chin up high so Jarvis wouldn’t waste his nights looking after him instead of sleeping, and so Aunt Peggy wouldn’t mess up her work schedule just to pay him visits. It’s been years of trapping tears in his eyes so his father wouldn’t drill the words
“I... I know I'm small. I don’t wanna be scared of that. I’m trying,” he said as he squeezed around Steve’s biceps. The soldier understood what this was about and didn’t mind at all.
"You really don't gotta babysit me, Cap. I'm not gonna shoot myself in the head if that's what you're here for," Tony muttered. His back was facing the Captain's as he worked.
But he was frozen in place. His brain melted against the walls of his skull. He can’t remember this man let alone the other men who must have violated him all the same. All he remembers is Obadiah, and his heart aches.
Tony cooked while Steve stood to the side to hand him things from cupboards the genius was too short to reach as the team sat on stools by the table.
“I’m so in love right now,” Tony whispered as he leaned in, and Steve felt the passionate, deep kiss warm his heart.
“You always draw robots and turn them into projects for your company. That defeats the purpose,” she said. Upon Tony’s confused look, she went on to explain. “PTSD and addiction seem to come together in most patients. It functions as a coping mechanism, albeit self-destructive. Of course, you wouldn’t see that. But Tony, you must understand that we need to work on fixing the problem, rather than running away from it. Tell me, when do you feel the safest?”
The slight breeze of March and the blue skies of the afternoon promised a beautiful spring, and Steve did enjoy the walk among the tall trees and the chirps of birds.
“But what do you want? If you don’t want me here, I can leave. I just wanted to make sure you’re okay.”
Tony’s smirk was still plastered on his face, but Steve saw the hint of sadness that his eyes wore upon the question.
“It means the government doesn’t fucking trust you. What? You think they’ll trust you when your only way of dealing with a threat is to get drunk out of your mind and do hard drugs? Or to fucking whore yourself out? That shit made fucking headlines, Stark!”
Her hold of him loosens, and Tony’s heart clenches in dread of what he’s anticipating. He pulls out of her embrace slowly and cups her cheeks, and his tear stained face has his begs written all over it.
The doctors rushed into performing a CPR, which didn’t work due to the chunk of metal in his chest. They rushed for a defibrillator, and Bruce watched in deadly anticipation and horror as the surges of electric pulses lifted Tony's torso off the bed momentarily over and over again, with no avail of a heartbeat to sound through.
“Fight back! Why are you just letting me do this? You think I'm made of fucking glass? Fucking fight me back!”
—of losing Tony. He had lost so much, been late to so much, and this man he was holding onto for dear life was his second chance at life. And how ironic it is that the man he considers to be his second chance at life wants nothing but to end his own.
She furrowed her brows at him, but he kept a fond smile and an encouraging look. Slowly but surely, her face softened, and her eyes glinted in recognition of the man before her. “Tony,” she said gleefully. “Hello, my precious boy.”
“Read this,” Fury throws a file his way, and Tony catches it and flips through the papers in a haste.
“Play chess with us,” Clint said as soon as he had walked into the lab, Natasha standing behind him and making pink bubbles with the gum in her mouth.
Steve pulled on a pseudo disappointed face as he answered, “An idiot sandwich.” He had seen a video somewhere on the internet of this, and he smiled when the bunch erupted in a fit of childish giggles. Natasha’s phone could be heard making a click sound as she finished recording. “I’m never deleting this off my camera roll.”
