"But I do. I know all things that are lost. That is my blessing. And that is my curse." Misoorayah said, picking up the knife and hacking into a headless chicken, pulling out the guts with her fingers.
"Castiel!" he said sharply. "We cannot allow ourselves to be defeated like this! This is a terrible place to die." he added with a small smile. Castiel smiled back weakly, then nodded. It was clear he was not far from tears himself.
He screamed and screamed his agony and his fear until a voice boomed at him. Though to call it a voice would be to call a mountain a pebble. It whispered in his ear. Yet somehow seemed to be shouting at the same time.
Abruptly, they came to a small gate at the bottom of some stairs. It was locked. Beyond it flowed a small aqueduct. Castiel had the feeling of being underground. And the air was not fresh.
Dee-Ann grunted with intermingled disgust for the story, and disdain for the way Gord-Ahn seemed to be enjoying its telling. He was all but licking his lips recounting the memory.
But then there was the other part. That part of his mind that knew what it was to bend light. That had dreamt of that….thing….and still felt ever more sure that it was all somehow tied together. He also knew one other thing. That deep down, he really wanted it to be true. He desperately wanted the Harowspex’ power to be real.
“You have your dapper friend to thank for that.” El-Don said with a wide smile, rising from his seat and picking up his basket.
“There is a war band up ahead. They are making sure we have permission to be traveling here.” The girl Chaala said.
“I doubt the people of the town need to hear exactly how the creature died. Besides, there will be a thousand stories come morning. The truth will get lost in there as it stands.”
“And you Castiel.” Tran said back with an easy smile, shaking his godbraids off his shoulders and making the bells at the end of each one sing. They had known each other since Tran’s mother had sent him to the Capital to be schooled when Tran was seven. Castiel had been five and they had made fast friends learning their letters together. Tran hailed from the Easternmost Province of the Queendom, right at the edge of the known world. Castiel had often admired the way his eyes slanted cat-like in the typical fashion of his people; and would often try and cajole or bribe Tran into regaling him with tails of his homeland. On the rare occasions that he managed it, Castiel had savored every last word.
Hey guys. Just a little check in with our bad guys. Plooooooooooooooooooooooooooot dump! Just to confirm, after the first break they are speaking Sha-Tani the entire time.
Walking back to the Caravan, he could hear that the musicians had started up closer to the bonfire around which the rest of the company was sitting. He did not join them. He had no desire to meet any of the others, or become close to them. He had struck his bargain with the woman Bara-bhur and with the God. Once they reached Et-Novakar he would leave them and go on to fulfill the God’s plans for him. He sometimes wanted to know them so badly his head ached, and his stomach curled. But he knew better than to ask. The God would tell its Chosen Dee-Ann in its own time. Until then he would keep his promise.
“It is a wonder you are both still alive.” El-Don said with a hint of admiration. “Though I think there are some things you have
He nodded slowly to the girl Chaala, watching her face melt into a smile. She refilled their cups and touched her full cup to his.
Dee-Ann did not sit. He could see Obid wanted to make him, but did not dare. She knew if she could make trouble for Dee-Ann, then he could make trouble for her too. She shoved a bowl and cup at him, her face angry.
A tiny flame of triumph lit itself in Castiel’s chest. There then gone, replaced instead by glorious purpose.
At this the girl Chaala’s expression turned a mix of sour and sad, then she smiled. “Who knows?” she said refilling her wine cup. “Beat me. Banish me I suppose? Perhaps kill me.” She added. “But I think not. I may be a Cowan, but I am her only remaining daughter. All my sisters are dead. Lost to the wars of Novakar.”
Et-Banotaj Warlord’s city was beautiful. Unlike Et-Haravelle, squatting like half a melon on a plate and skulking in man-made shadows; the city spread around the base of a towering hill which rose resplendent from the green growing plane as though the God’s own fist had punched upwards from beneath the earth.
Through slitted eyes he could just make out two shapes in the firelight. A woman, and a man. The old woman was a witch shadow, nothing but round hooded darkness for features. But even within the hood he could see her eyes like glittering jewels.
Castiel let himself be wrapped up in thick towels, sitting down in front of the mirror to allow Tran to scrub a smaller towel along his hair. His cock took longer to deflate than he would have liked, but there was little Castiel could do about that.
The Gatekeeper examined both carved stones and nodded to one of the tall city guards. The guard walked with his painted spear all the way to the end of the merchandise and back again. When she returned she nodded to the Gatekeeper and went back to her place.
“If this is about last night I don’t care. I’m not angry. And well find a way trough this. Just……come inside with me. It’ll be alright.” Castiel said taking a step closer, but stopping when Tran pointed the knife at him; his head whipping to look at him for the first time.
….as if something awful was going to happen if…..” Castiel started but broke off when he couldn’t find the right words.
is nicer than mine.” Tran said eyeing the Tray. “What about your hair? It’s a dead giveaway.” he asked capitulating, reaching behind his head to undo the chain holding his necklace secure. Castiel gave him a brilliant smile, grabbing his face in both hands and placing a kiss on the corner of his mouth.
Dee-Ann leans in and kisses him before easing forward. Dee-Ann's exhaled in a warm rush against his neck, the muscular body over him tensing as he slid into position and thrust slowly upward.  Castiel felt the tip of his cock pressing against him, suddenly seeming much meatier and thicker than it had been a moment before.
“You could. But why are we eating up here? Aren’t we going to the dining hall?” Castiel asked confused.
More than twenty years his senior, Peliel had retired from public life before he’d even come of age and instead chosen the life of a Monk. It has always seemed a strange choice to him, but if there was a question as to his paternity, perhaps it wise. Castiel had never even met him. He was just a portrait in the gallery.
On instinct, he squeezed his eyes shut tightly and winced, waiting for the God to smite him for thinking such a vicious, wicked thought. But nothing happened. And this perhaps more than anything else filled him with
"Dearest!" Gabriel said half smothering him in a hug. "I was all but mad with worry! You've been sleeping almost a day and a night!"
Dee-Ann had counted. There were forty seven slaves in Maeghara’s caravan. One by one, the Godspeaker gave them the crystal, said her words and waited. One by one, the God did not see any hearts. If the Godspeaker was angry or disappointed, her face did not show it.
He was about to speak. To protest. To say they needed to at least wait to return to the camp where the little pot with its mysterious waxy lotion was.
A thick mist of the same glowing green-blue oozed from her lips, twisting and curling until it touched the carved scorpion and settled over the box and its many amulets. For a moment, Dee-Ann could swear he saw the carved Scorpion move, but he couldn’t see for the smoke; which had begun soaking into charms and amulets as if they were breathing it in. The guard who was a table, shuddered and groaned; but did not collapse. Blood dripped from her open mouth to splash on the ground beneath her.
“And so you have. I will read it later.” She said. “What else? You know more than you are saying. Only a fool tries to keep information from a Truthsayer.”
Tran had said more words than that, and for the past four months those words had created many questions. And soon the moment would be at and for Castiel to finally, get some answers.
“Speaking of, we must begin discussing what you’ll wear for when the Hunting Party returns. I’m wearing
He shook his head again, lips pinched shut. The man sighed and held up the mirror. “Look.” He said, his voice coaxing now. “It will not harm you. How can it? The face in the mirror is yours!”
“A tangle?” said Derubeis, and clutched her snake amulet. “Mega. It’s a disaster! Why do warriors of Et-Bajadek and Et-Haravelle Warlords ride together? Bajadek Warlord is a sworn enemy of Et-Banotaj. And Banotaj Warlord is to mate with Et-Haravelle’s son when he comes of age in two seasons time? Haravelle Warlord must not smile at Bajadek Warlord. Their warriors must not ride shoulder to fist along the road!”
Hastily clearing the overlarge desk – painted white of course – he rifled through the various drawers and cupboards until he found a roll of blank parchment and a writing box. The next moments are lost as he unpacked the small stone tablet, ink stone and picked out the right brush. Unstoppering the small bottle of water kept in the writing box, he poured it into the little ceramic pot; wetting the brush and swirling it on the ink stone before dabbing off the excess on the stone tablet. He was a little embarrassed by how foreign it felt in his fingers. He hadn’t practiced his calligraphy in ages.
She couldn't sell him. How could she sell him? She wouldn't! He was precious! She loved him! He was sure of it! just as he loved her! He knew what love was!
“Singing songs about those same wars is what put bread on my table all these years I’ve had to feed my daughters by my onesie. But not one of them songs mentions the rats. Or the stink. And the flies and suck-you-drys what are drawn to it.” she said gravely.
“And a great deal more it would seem.” Whispered the other voice. Their words passed over Castiel’s skin like smoke. Foul and dark. He was beginning to fear this voice.
Flinging his braid over his shoulder, he felt it slap against his lower back. He bent to arrange a few logs in the fire pit, before replacing the ornate – but unreasonably heavy – cage also wrought with his family’s crest in front of it with a grunt. He took one long step back, gathering his shawl so it was out of his way. Closing his eyes, he turned his focus inward, taking a few slow, measured breaths through his nose and out through his mouth. Raising his right hand to the logs, he gathered his will; feeling his
“What is it you are waiting for me to say brother? I’m hardly the first man to suffer from an arranged marriage Cassie. It is just the way of the world. I do not foresee any great hardship marrying her. Light willing I’ll have children to content myself with. It could be worse.”
He stalked as far away from the cacophony of noise as the guards would allow, settling himself on a small patch of grass behind a low shrub to eat the bowl of goat stew the cook had doled out for him. He tore at the small roll of bread with his teeth and was about to dip it into his stew when he felt a sharp pain beneath his tunic.
“Let me tell you something Prince Castiel.” Tran said pushing off from him so he could drive his index finger into Castiel’s chest. “About lives that should’ve been and that God of yours….” He said bobbing his head and widening his eyes as he spoke.
In her lap the monkey made purring noises as she began brushing its coat with an ivory comb.  Stupid pet. As stupid as its owner.
“Lazy monkey! Open your eyes and look upon perfection!” she hissed. “We have reached Et-Banotaj city at long last.” She said, silly wasted water running down her cheeks again.
– Commonly referred to as – piercing the veil – the ability to divine the future through physical agony.
Maeghara hissed air between her teeth. “Being blessed does not make us untouchable. Demons can take us. And so can fighting warlords with no love for Et-Novakar, or Et-Banotaj.”
Never in his life had he possessed anything as wonderful or so beautiful. Precious! He touched it to his lips. “Yes Maeghara.” He whispered.
“My Lord I…” Tessa began, but Castiel rounded on her fast enough that his hair cascaded all around him; gripping his skirts and hurling them around him in a flare; straightening up to his full height.
world. You must go beneath the stairs and mind Ashar and Naga and your new Tutor. You must not come unless you are called. Do you understand?"
He didn’t remember shifting. Only that Castiel was suddenly sitting on top of him, legs astride and his still damp hair – now a tangled leaf strewn mess – falling all around them as Castiel kissed him back with equal fervor. He felt certain he would explode any moment, only for Castiel to throw the mass of his hair back with a powerful motion of his neck, and take hold of Dee-Ann’s throbbing cock. A moment later, he realized what the Prince meant to do.
“Actually brother. I think I am still a bit fatigued by the morning’s excitements. I think I should lie down.” He lied.
“When I thought I might not be able to get you to the Healing man in time…..” Dee-Ann said awkwardly, though his voice remained firm. “I wanted to give you something. A pleasant memory to carry with you to the next world. A gift…..a
"I've heard they feast on the flesh of their dead. And drink the blood of their enemies mixed with wine. I've heard it changes them. Makes them impossible to kill." Gabriel said sounding sad, and fearful.
It was hopeless. Now that one thick curlicue of hair had been freed from the mass, the whole thing seemed doomed to come down. Resigning himself to it, Castiel pulled out a few more pins until his hair hung completely loose down his back, shaking it free so it danced on the air behind him.
But as the time dragged on – enough for three pairs of guards to have passed him now – fear whispered in his ear. If he’d miscalculated…...A wrong move now would cost him his chance altogether, and all of this will have been for nothing. From somewhere a gong sounded the hour. It was drawing late and the longer he was out here, the more suspicious it would become for a Body Slave to be caught by himself. He waited. He was just beginning to fear that he truly had made a grievous error, when he spotted the slender form of Godspeaker Kufu slithering his way out of the Keep and across the courtyard.
Maeghara was busy. She had Trader business. He knew from the slaves gossip how many Traders came and went upstairs.  She was a respected woman,  and many women came to seek her counsel.  Been a rumor that she had been summoned to the Warlord's Palace one day.  Everytime he missed her Dee-Ann closed his fist around his beautiful blue amulet.  He was lucky to belong to someone so important even a warlord sought her counsel.
. Unlooping the bit of wire in his earlobe, he tried unscrewing one of the bolts securing the vent to the wall. There was little to no give, but he would keep at it.
Finally, the Mima moved on to his lips, applying a layer of gold. His final touch was to add a line of midnight blue about an inch wide, running from Castiel’s chin down his throat.
“This will do.” Said Maeghara, slaready sliding from her saddle. “Stake the slaves out Obid, he ordered the oldest and tallest of the Guards. “Food and water.”
He passed a fountain, bubbling water from one of the rivers flowing beneath the land of Mijak. He took the leather flask from his food sack and filled it, then drank a little from his hand. He remained alert for Godspeakers. But none approached.
“Not in this life Tran.” Castiel said softly. He watched his words hit Tran like arrows in his chest. He nodded as if he’d known the answer. But had still been hoping against hope for a different one.
It was well after lowsun when Castiel finally managed to sneak back into his rooms. He was exhausted. After agreeing to be more involved in his nameday celebration, he’d been thoroughly overrun with details and chores and arrangements that made him want to scream. But Gabriel had seemed so excited by his interest that it almost made it worth it. Not to mention that Gabriel had – as he’d expected – proven himself to be a veritable treasure trove of information. In the last ten days, Castiel had learned more about the inner workings of Et-Novakar society than in the last ten years of schooling.
"You? No. Send my most beautiful son, to be covered at all times? No. perhaps your horse faced brother.  Never looking upon his countenance again would be no great loss." she said disdainfully. "No for you my son I have somethinf very special planned."
Dee-Ann simply looked at her. It was clear she expected him to know what that was. But he had never heard this word. So instead he said nothing. Long moments passed and it became clear that she would not speak again until he said something.
"They say they sailed over the ocean from some unknown land beyond the edge of the world. They're fierce sailors. And their fighters don't fear death. That much is known. As for the rest, I couldn't tell ya. My gran loved nothin better than a war story. But she never spoke about that war. Never."
“I am afraid I cannot tarry. I dine with my warhost. We have our traditions in these last few nights before we return home. It is going to be a lively night. You should join us.” The Princess invited.
Had he done something to anger the God? To incur its wrath?.............................................
in fact – as he had suspected but not known for certain – wanted to kiss him as well should not have made any difference. He, Dee-Ann; had been given every opportunity to stop, and he had not. Even when his cock was buried inside Castiel, he knew he
“Come now Castiel….” He said tilting his head forward a little. “You think I do not see how your eyes drink me? You think I do not feel how tightly you hold me? The way you watch me?”
“Now where are we going?” Castiel asked as they stepped out onto the street. It was thrilling to be out in the daytime. It was early, but the streets were already crammed with people ad all manner of activity that to Castiel looked absolutely fascinating.
land spread before them. Thick grass wherever he looked. And more flowering bushes than ever grew in the village. Springs of water bursting from underground. Aaaiiiiieeeeee!!!!! He wished they could stop. He wanted to touch the bubbling water, and run with bare feet in all the growing grass. But lowsun was casting its long thin shadows. They would have to camp soon.
There would be no escape from the Village now! No new life beyond the knife edged horizon. The Trader would toss him aside like spoiled meat and when she and her short friend were gone; the Woman would kill her. Or he would be forced to kill himself. Panting like a goat in the slaughter hut he waited for the blow to fall. But the Trader was
As the caravan resumed its progress toward the shining city of Et-Novakar, Dee-Ann remembered the road and its familiar routines. He scrubbed pots and pans. He butchered carcasses and prepared salted goat and corn mush. It was just like traveling with Maeghara and Derubeis – except for the complaining. He wondered about the Traders sometimes. Had they ever tried to look for him? Had they given him up as dead? Had they beaten that stupid slave Ashar as he deserved? It did not matter. That was his dead life. Like the Village in the East. He would begin a new life soon. He was eager for it like the caravan dogs slavered for bits of chicken gizzard.
“Never underestimate the power of a beautiful face little brother.” Gabriel said gravely; a cloud falling over his senses. It had always been Gabriel’s greatest regret – and the Queen’s favorite whip to beat him with – that he had not grown up to be a beauty.
“Dee-Ann….” Castiel breathed in between kisses when Dee-Ann’s face was close enough. “Make me yours.”
WARNING!!!!! THERE IS DESCRIPTION OF SOME VIOLENCE AGAINST ANIMALS IN THIS CHAPTER. JUST A LITTLE. BUT I THOUGHT I'D MENTION IT.
He looked where she pointed, and marveled how the Palace grew out of the hillside. He looked at the height of the Godhouse. Et-Banotaj Godhouse made Et-Haravelle Godhouse look small. Look nothing. Truly, the God loved the lands of Et-Novakar and Et-Banotaj.
He was comforted by the idea that they had had no time to plot further – Kufu and the Reverend Mother – since that morning. Palace Godspeakers had many duties throughout the day that would keep Kufu far from the North Wing. Even more now that they were playing host to the Southern Delegation. And his instincts told him the withered old hag would not risk moving around the Palace in the daytime. He clenched his teeth. Everything in his body screamed that there was a larger game afoot here. Castiel wanted to find out what it was. Needed to, if he was ever going to rest easy.
Castiel lay awake for a long while, staring into the fire. If he had ever been happier, he couldn’t remember it.
He looked around. The thief had been smart enough to close the doors of the Keep behind her. He doubted she had any idea of the slave’s passage Castiel had used. Which meant she would have to try and flee through those same doors in order to get back to the camp. That was good. He could use that. Inching along the wall as quickly and as silently as he could, he walked to the lever that controlled the siege lock.
Gord-Ahn appeared at the mouth of the tunnel then. His dark skin gleamed like oil, and his godbraids were unbound; slithering about his waist with a faint clack of beads. The gown he was wearing was red and gold silk, and the skirts were divided for riding. As he walked, they trailed behind him; catching on the discarded bones and making them clack as well.
He removed the blade and dabbed at the little wound – no bigger than the toenail on his baby toe. He would just have to find another way.
“I’ll wear the blue.” Castiel said to the slave setting out clothing for him to wear in his dressing rooms.
His head swam, and he almost felt himself go under again. He was so tired. And more than that, he was absolutely exhausted of waking up like this. In a world of pain, not sure how long he’d been under; and much worse off than the last time he could remember getting any kind of rest. Then again, if every person he met would pay him the courtesy of not trying to put him in the ground; that would be enormously helpful too.
Obid did as she was told. Maeghara turned to the two Traders waiting silently for the God’s business to be done.
“I have oak in my cock. And I am unsullied. I will serve you in any way that you wish. Just take me with you through the city gates. Take me to Et-Novakar and I’ll lick your cunt every night and let you fuck me as much as you like.” he said making sure to keep his voice steady as he transferred his weight from one foot to the other. It was a motion the stupid tutor had taught him to begin a dance. It sent a slow ripple through his body. And filthy though he was, the shape of his limbs was still noticeable. The woman noticed it. He could tell by the way he eyes dragged over him. She looked at his face and he tilted his head forward, allowing his matted hair to obscure his face even more.
“I am certain of Maeghara.” Dee-Ann told him soliciting more shocked noises from the watching slaves. He looked at them sideways feeling contempt. Goat people. Bleating like goats. Huddling like goats.
.” He said affecting an air of command. He knew he had backed her into a corner. Godspeakers enjoyed a special status and could not be treated like any other offender. But to openly refuse a royal command was treason. “You have failed me once today. Fail me in
“Ah yes. We’ve discussed it. The men are expected to be modest, but only in public. Idan has assured me that beyond public appearances – which from all accounts are few and far between for men at court – she won’t insist on me wearing their traditional garb. So there’s that.” Gabriel smiled wiping an imaginary drop of sweat from his forehead.
"You know well Bobarak. All it takes to unravel an entire tapestry is to pull a single thread. And I say one such a thread was pulled that night...." she hissed.
“He can barely utter a civilized sentence Rubi.” Said Maeghara. “If I do not speak with him how will he learn?” she said turning to Dee-Ann. “Et-Banotaj is a mighty city.”
She was about to reject him. He could see it in her face. So he spoke again before she would have the chance.
Castiel frowned. He didn’t like the way El-Don was talking to him. But he couldn’t deny there was a kernel of truth in his words. However often and thoroughly Dee-Ann had sworn to him that his entire being had room only for the God……there had been moments when he’d wondered. When he’d let himself dare to
“Can you imagine? Traveling all that way. The things they must’ve seen. All the stories they could tell?” Castiel asked leaning forward to rest his weight on the wall. He was too far away to actually hear anything, but he could see enough musicians balancing their instruments on their legs as they sat around the fires that he could only imagine all the different sounds.
The next morning as promised, as soon as the great gates of Et-Banotaj opened; the caravan of the woman Bara-bhur departed. It was not a great caravan. Only ten carriages laden with tents and ropes and all manner of things Dee-Ann had no name for. The company of dancers and musicians consisted of only thirty people altogether, among them the cook in whose carriage Dee-Ann traveled through the gates.
“I’ll go out the Slave gate and meet you there.” Tran said, picking up a tortoise shell comb and smashing it on the ground. Castiel gaped at him.
PLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT!!!!!!!!!!! So I have been planning this forever and I'm so glad it's finally here. I didn't think you guys would appreciate yet ANOTHER chapter of just Castiel and Dee-Ann walking or being fluffy. So here you all are!
“What?! NO I…..I mean who?” Castiel asked quickly. Gabriel barked with laughter. It came out as a sort of a cackle as Gabriel clapped his hands together and wobbled his head.
“Did anyone see you?” an unknown voice said, so softly Castiel could barely hear it; let alone tell if it was a woman or a man speaking.
"Well enough to be put up for sale." Castiel said wryly, accepting her hug; feeling Joh drag her calloused hands through his hair.
When the man dared disobey her, the child was so surprised he bit his fingers. He scarcely felt the small pain. His whole life was pain. Vast like the barren waste beyond the village’s Godpost; and had been so since his first caterwauling cry. He was almost numb to it now.
your tutor no less…” Gabriel said speaking louder as Castiel walked into his dressing rooms. “…or wearing the eyes of children as beads.” He continued when Castiel walked back into the room. He pulled his face into a grimace of disgust.
He took the cook’s knife and one loaf of bread, and sliced it into six pieces. He did the same with a brick of cheese. One piece of bread, one piece of cheese at newsun. One piece of bread and one piece of cheese at lowsun. This food would last him fourteen highsuns, and one newsun. He had flesh on his bones now. It would be enough. Between now and when his food was gone, the God would guide him onto the road. He did not doubt that. He would never doubt the God.
“Oh pfft! I could draw a map to every freckle on your ass.” his brother said, promptly installing himself in front of the mirror and admiring his reflection. He wasn’t sure how Gabriel had managed it, but he had changed his entire costume as well. His bright pink gown had been swapped for an icy blue confection with full skirts and a rather dazzling hat covered in what looked like spears of bleached white wheat. His hair had been piled on his head and his face was painted in sharp hues of blue and violet that made him look like some species of bird.
“Honestly Gabriel don’t you ever throw anything away?” Castiel asked flinging himself into a plush chair gratefully, picking at a loose bit of fringe hanging off its armrest.
." he trailed off to chuckle again. "Fat little bitch still had three fingers inside herself when she realized I was there, watching....."
“Tcha!” said the slave Ashar and walked away. “You waste my time! You will see Maeghara when we return. She has said so!”
Tran appeared a little while later. He looked freshly washed and his robes were new. He gave Castiel a conspiratorial smile as he entered. Castiel found himself returning it without thinking. “Light See you Tran.” He said.
On the third day, he was growing ever more restless. His morning had been taken up feeding and watering and penning the goats and pigs and chickens, and helping the Cook prepare the highsun meal for the troupe. He then spent the next hours running buckets of salted meat and corn cakes and salvers of goat butter to the other members of the troupe. They were rehearsing their various tricks and performances in earnest and had gone to work building artificial buildings and trees they would need for their performance. Dee-Ann had taken to pushing balled up wax into his ears. At every turn he could hear people chitting and singing and tuning an instrument. It cleaved at his brain like lambs bleating in a pen. When it came time for his own highsun meal he had had enough. It was all too much. Too much noise. Too many people. Too many smells from too many cooking fires. To many feet. Too many animals. Just too…..MUCH! No wonder he could not hear the God. He would need to find a better way.
He lay awake in his bed now,waiting for the Slave Naga to call him for breakfast. How could he sleep? Today was the day! He was stripped to the waist, and his godbraids flung out above him on the soft pillow. The Scorpion amulet was, as ever, tucked into his tunic pocket, which hung over the chair. Sweeping out from under the covers, he crossed the room and took it out; returning to his bed with it. He turned it over in his hands; feeling its familiar edges and points.  When the slave Naga finally came, he thrust the amulet under the pillows and went to eat and bathe.
“I have found both freedom and safety in the madness of my life. I have learned there is a kind of liberation in loneliness. A kind of safety, from needing to be understood, for those who understand us enslave something in us. I never wanted to be different. I wanted to be able to laugh. To love. Instead I am loved to the point of worship and exalted as a God in this world. But is it possible to be worshipped without also being feared? I never wanted anyone to fear me. They built my pedestal high and thin. My People. And now I sit on top of it, all alone.”
He was led to a  magnificent room in the Crystal Keep, where a team of artists were already waiting with their easels and paints and all manner of things he didn't recognize. He thanked the Light when he saw a plush divan positioned on the raised dais he was to pose on. He'd never have been able to stand long enough for a portrait in this getup. Without a word - for he had been painted before - he let them direct him. And in some cases, ask Tran to move his arm or adjust his hair so it was just so.
"This....is your current future." she said. "See its end." she continued, pulling it out to reveal an identical star amulet at the end weighing it down. Castiel shuddered. It was not very long. It barely touched the surface of the water. "If you cut it here, above the bell; you silence that future forever. And you may choose a new one."
But as he looked closer, he could see laundry hung out to dry on the upper levels of the moldering buildings. People actually lived here. He drew his head deeper into the hood. It was daytime. And none of these buildings were particularly high, but somehow, the street seemed to have a sense about it. Like the buildings on either side of the street formed together into a canopy, preventing the sun from penetrating all the way to the ground.
His searching gaze fell upon a stunted copse of grey saplings that looked to form a kind of natural cave. They grew a little further up the hillside. Close enough that he could see the Gate’s doings, but far enough that those he watched would not notice him watching.
“And you’re changing into my clothes because……this is some role reversal fantasy?” Tran asked cocking an eyebrow.
“No.” said Maeghara. “I want a private night within our own walls before venturing to visit with Trader friends Rubi. There will be questions we have not decided how to answer.”
He thought of the way the Godspeaker had referred to her as Your Reverance, and how she in turn had referred to him simply as
"And I say the time is not yet upon us. Everything I do I do to increase the value of our investment. Have I not told you time and again since we left the East that the God guided me to that Village. And look...in such a short time how he has flowered? Already Dee-Ann makes any woman's head turn twice. Think with more learning and proper feeding. His true blooming will be magnificent. And it is yet to come."
“Please don’t kill me! I wasn’t going to steal anything!” the thief said, seemingly disoriented by the sudden lack of light.
the Delegation from Southern Isles stepped into the Keep; and something in Castiel unclenched as he felt his Mother’s focus shift from him to the new arrivals.
“And that’s all it is, is it?” Castiel asked defiantly. “You’re just anxious to get us to Et-Haravelle?”
“And what exactly? What are you proposing?” Castiel asked letting his hair along with his head fall forward until his forehead was practically in Gabriel’s lap.
“All slaves know this place.” Tran said almost wistfully, and not for the first time, Castiel wondered about those unsaid things behind Tran’s eyes.
Derubeis sighed. “Yes I know. Our villa is likely a tumbled ruin. That Ashar cannot care for it properly without my proper supervision.”
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked, though his obvious desire is written in every facet of his face. Dee-Ann didn’t bother responding. Instead he lazily wrapped his lips around the head of Castiel’s cock, bringing up the hand that had been playing with his stones and pulling forward on the velvety skin until Castiel’s head was completely covered. Then slipping his tongue under the tender foreskin, Dee-Ann ran his tongue around and around the head of Castiel’s cock within the sheath of skin. Castiel moaned loudly. Dee-Ann moaned too. He wanted to coat his tongue in Castiel’s taste, until he would never forget it. Until he could identify it among a thousand other flavors.
“I’m not the one haring about the Palace at all hours of the night. Without even so much as a ceremonial blade to protect me.” Gabriel was quick to answer.
“The dining district dances.” Said Derubeis sounding mournful. “We could stop and eat Mega. Roast lamb. Sweet wine. I pine for something other than Godcakes and ale.”
The slave Naga took him to a bath chamber, where the water flowed from bronze fish hanging from the wall. Amazing! While the bath filled, the slave Naga undid Dee-Ann’s godbraids. Then he pointed to a cupboard against the wall.
The effect is almost instant. The ironwood bar fell into place with a clatter of chains and a deafening bang that made the doors shudder. The thief whipped around with a gasp just in time to see Castiel throw out his arms.
“I’ll be back a little later to help you dress.” Tran said before slipping soundlessly from the bed. Castiel was still half asleep, but he offered a nod. He found as he lay back against the pillows that the bed was suddenly too large and too cold without Tran’s heat, which had until only moments before been wrapped snuggly around him. He didn’t recall at what point he and Tran had gotten quite so close in the night. Only that he didn’t mind the closeness near as much as he probably ought.
"And the God spoke to them. Between the time of working and  the time of Quiet will be the time of revelry. Where women may sing and make merry. After the revelry, then will be the Quiet time, when the streets will sleep as will the women beneath their roofs."
The air of the Keep was split for a moment with an impact like soundless lightning. Clenching his teeth against the strain, he forced his power to obey. From his hands sprung two great balls of light, blazing white hot for all to see. In the distance he could hear the crowd cheering, but as his power continued to boil out of him, he felt the heavy swatch of his hair ripple behind him as if affected by some unseen wind. Throwing his hands above his head, the two glowing starpoints of light collide right beneath the great Chandelier, doubling in brightness and making its glass shards gleam and glow in new ways.
And then the world stopped. Or rather they did. Dee-Ann had them propped against a tree. They were definitely outside. He felt cool, determined fingers caress his hair away from his face. Not slapping now. Just, gentle. Soft. Safe.
“Perhaps later. But I thank ye for thinking of me.” The woman Bara-Bhur said around a thick swallow of ale.
Meh! Meh! Me-e-e-e-eh! More goat words from stupid Derubeis. Dee-Ann did not listen. Maeghara had spent coin to buy him an amulet to keep him in the God’s Eye. He was precious. She cared for him. He cared for her too. He felt a new feeling in his chest for which he had no name, shy and unfurling like a seed in dirt.
“Tcha! Speak plainly. If you have something to say then say it!” Dee-Ann said with a shake of his head. “Until then, leave me be to make preparations.”
“Well what else did you expect me to do?” Gabriel asked. “They’re peasants. I couldn’t very well house them indoors. Even a Mima’s quarters would be fifty times above their station.”
Dee-Ann walked past Obid and the Pennkeeper and the watching dogs, to join the naked slaves. They stared at him in wondering silence, standing as though they were still in their chains. Obid pulled the pen’s gate shut and the Pennkeeper fastened its lock. The floor was dirt, not stone; and Dee-Ann covered his nose against the smell of too many unwashed bodies.
Where he lay, Dee-Ann had only just managed to swat aside the wooden plate she had aimed at his cock, and now sat swiping bits of meat and sauce from his legs and between his toes. He snarled. He wanted to pick up the fallen plate and throw it in her stupid face. He wanted to form his fingers into claws and scratch her stupid eyes out!
The weeks following their visit to the Outer Rim were extremely difficult for Castiel. He’d taken to his bed for nearly three days, unable to bring himself to eat for the guilt and anguish he felt over what he had done to that boy. That Gabriel - who had been visibly shaken but hardly as guilt ridden as Castiel – had assured him that they boy was acclimating nicely to life in the Palace, had done nothing to allay his suffering.
Her feet looked more the claws of a great raptor, bearing sabatons that tapered into wickedly sharp points. The greaves, poleyns and cuisses clinging to her legs were equally horned and pointed where she’d folded them over one another. Her faulds and chest plate were hammered with protection spells and charms around her Crest, disappearing under huge pauldrons that made her shoulder span look even more enormous.  Nothing of her hair was visible under the mail coif she wore under her helmet – atop which sat her Crown. Her features wore her habitual serious expression that was almost a sneer, half hidden by a carefully fitted bevor that obscured her neck and chin. Castiel knew this addition to her armor was to hide a thick scar where a battlefield enemy had nearly sliced her throat. She sat leaning her gauntleted right hand on her greatsword.
The second introductory Chapter focused on Castiel alone. I swear we'll meet Dean soon!!!! But at least we meet two other - mostly - familiar faces this Chapter.
Hellooooooooooo my lovelies! I'm sorry I haven't updated in a few days. Real life got really real on my end. I'm not gonna bore you with the sad details. But anyway, I was going to try and wrap this storyline up in this chapter, but alas it just wasn't possible given everything that's been going on. Hopefully you guys will find this interesting enough to tide us all over. I'll shoot to have the next installment a.s.a.p.
“Not yet.” Dee-Ann said sitting up and hooking his hands under Castiel’s arms, lifting him a little roughly and bodily dragging him until they were aligned and Dee-Ann could kiss him again. Castiel returned the kiss hungrily, knowing Dee-Ann must be tasting himself on Castiel’s tongue. He didn’t seem to mind. Dee-Ann smiled against his lips, then resting his hand on Castiel’s chest again, gave him a look full of wicked, secret laughter. Something soft and wet and warm touches his throbbing cock. He weeps over a blissful cry at the touch, realizing it’s Dee-Ann’s tongue, lapping up and over, swirling all around, and he gasps and can’t even make another sound. All noises get lost, trapped before they can come out of his throat. Castiel runs his hands over his face before placing them atop Dee-Ann’s head, needing to touch him, to feel that connection to him as Dee-Ann’s mouth folds over him and his cock melts into his throat.
All at once and all in excruciating detail. A stomach churning, nightmare inducing mass, blazing like a beacon in his mind. And somewhere on the vague outskirts of his perception, Castiel realized it was
Not afraid this time, Dee-Ann stripped off his filthy clothes and slid into the bath. He washed his body. He washed his hair, all crinkly from the godbraids. The soap foam stung his eyes but he didn’t care. He was
He held out the chicken’s twitching carcass. “You wanted a chicken killed. I killed one for you.” He said. “I am Dee-Ann, of Todorok Village.”
"What do I want you to say? What do I want you to say?" The old voice carried a tone of cruel mimicry.
“But what if the villa has no food for us?” Derubeis fretted. “That Ashar and the rest of the wretched slaves? They have probably eaten us out of all provisions!”
He rubbed at the spot on his chest and took the amulet in his hand. It was very warm. And Castiel couldn’t help but glance over his shoulder at the makeshift camp of strangers that had somehow appeared right here inside the walls of his familiar little world.
“Tcha!” said Derubeis, pulling a face. “First Geography, now History? What next? To what end Mega? There is no point!”
Beside them, Rubi roused. “Spare your breath Mega…..” she whined. “It doesn’t Geography. Teach it a dozen ways to spread its legs and it will know more than enough for our purposes.”
As they walked Castiel could only focus on putting one foot in front of the other. Nothing else. He didn’t want to think. He didn’t want to feel. He didn’t
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck!" Castiel strained out, unable to stop a sharp little moan from escaping him.  His arms clamped hard around Dee-Ann's neck and he pressed his cheek against the top of his head.  His thighs trembled, his body tensing up no matter how hard he tried to relax. Dee-Ann's cock was thicker and longer than his fingers and the penetration
Dean is fast approaching Et-Banotaj with the Caravan of Maeghara and Derubeis, and the world is becoming a less mysterious place.
The godbraids reached just past his shoulders, and past his shoulder blades where they were longest. The beads and amulets rattled and clatted. The tiny silver godbells sang. He would make a pretty noise wherever he walked. People would hear him before they saw him. They would ask themselves:
in hard. Dee-Ann’s palms slapped the ground and he half-arched up, and Castiel made a happy sound as he felt fingers comb gently over his forehead and fist in his hair. He sucked Dee-Ann’s cock clumsily for a few moments, drool dribbling out over his fingers as he stroked that portion of Dee-Ann’s cock that he couldn’t cram into his mouth. Then he found his rhythm. Angling his head slightly to the side allowed him to get more of Dee-Ann’s length into his mouth without wanting to make him gag as his head pushed against the back of his throat. The hand massaging Castiel’s scalp gripped tight and literally
But he never finished. The words died inside him, and unbidden; fat wet tears sprang from his eyes and spilled over his cheeks.
When he bent down to dip his bread roll into the stew, he saw something floating in the sauce of his bowl. He thought it must be an insect or a beetle. It was only when he picked it up that he saw it was a tiny pink flower. And turning it over in his hands, he saw it was not a true flower. It was cunningly made of silk and folded to resemble a flower.
“Of Godspeakers, my father never spoke overmuch. Despite his much rumored disdain for the true Faith. As a child I remember him having only this to say: “It has been my experience of zealots – of any kind – that they are three-faced and six-hearted. At least in pursuit of such trivialities as truth.”
He huffed a sigh through his nose. “Tran….I find I’m having a sudden craving for sugar dates. Would you mind please having one of the others retrieve a bowl of them for me?” he said flatly.
That should be enough. All the confirmation and comfort he could possibly need. That the God did not smite him should tell him all he needed to know
But Castiel’s fondness for wearing it whenever he was in his chambers – not to mention reading in front of the fire – meant it had fallen victim to countless accidental spills, snags and even the odd stray cinder singing it. To the point where it was a touch too ratty to be worn in public now. The Queen – his Mother – had roiled at him for ruining such an expensive gift, and he’d been severely punished.
“Were you even going to say goodbye?” Castiel asked bitterly, feeling a perverse satisfaction when Dee-Ann jumped.
Maeghara never went beneath the villa. Her feet never touched the stairs that led down to the kitchen, and the laundry, and the work rooms and the storerooms, and the slave sleeping quarters: and out to the slave gardens where fresh fruit and vegetables were grown. The slaves went upstairs. Every day they went to clean the villa, and to serve Maeghara and Derubeis and theiR Trader guests and to do all the things that Maeghara needed them to do. But she never once came down.
” Gabriel said throwing his right arm to the light and turning his head sharply to the side. “The Slave Boy.” He finished, his voice falling into a whisper.
Dee-Ann looked and saw a face. Even though it was against Maeghara’s word, he cried out. “Aaaaaiiiiieeeee!!!!!! Demon! Demon!” he cried. The man Bisla grabbed his wrist.
After that, Maeghara and Derubeis made their white camels jog as well as walk. The pack camels jogged too, and the snake spine of slaves in their chains with Obid and her guards poking and hitting and scolding.
“You are right to be awed.” Said Maeghara. He smiled. She always knew what he was thinking. “Et-Haravelle is a mighty city. Only few cities in the entire land is greater, because once it was Novak’s Ruling City; in the time before the Novaki, when this land was known as Mijak.”
“Speaking of shameful correspondence, was that a chest from the Southern Isles I saw the porters delivering to your chambers the other day?” Castiel asked wistfully.
He had never fucked anyone. But the stupid Tutor had explained, and he had seen it enough times in the village hovel that he was not afraid of the girl Chaala. He was not afraid of anything. He was Dee-Ann from the Savage East. He had named himself. He had come this far. If the God demanded he fuck with Chaala in order to deliver him to Et-Novakar, he would do it. He knew there was pain involved. But pain was nothing new.
The talking stopped then. In silence they passed the time, chasing the thin shadows the sun cast down in front of them. Maeghara was like the God. She knew where to ride, even though the land was empty. Dee-Ann felt his eyes drift closed. His head nod like a weed on a wilting stem. Maeghara’s hand rest on his shoulder, he would not fall. He slept. Safe.
The tip of his boot snagged on a stone hidden by the mud – for these streets were unpaved – and stepping around a puddle, Castiel gathered his cloak around him. Giving the street a cursory glance, his first thought was that it was a ruin; the tenants of the buildings having left long ago. All the buildings were made of weather stained wood, no more than two stories high. And all the window shutters were drawn. Castiel had no earthly idea what purpose they served. There wasn’t even a stray dog. He let a short huff of air escape through his nose as he turned to try and where they were in relation to the Palace. It was far behind them, and he all but gawked at it. He’d never been far enough away to see it from this angle.
“And only failed because El-Ahn stopped her.” Gabriel said referring to Joh’s mother; who’d lost her sword arm in the process.
“Very well. But I want you to know you really can trust me. And I would very much like to know more about you.” She said smiling. “I’m not going to fuck you….but….I think I would like it if we were friends.”
He was surprised to find her already asleep. He had expected that he would have to deliver the promise he had made to her mother. Instead a bundle of blankets and a pillow had been laid out for him in the corner of the tent. Confused but not altogether unhappy, Dee-Ann stripped off his clothes and went to sleep.
Gold mattered to Maeghara. He did not.  He was a thing to her. Not a person. Not her precioys and beautiful Dee-Ann.
“This is Dee-Ann. He is going with us to Et-Novakar. See him bathed and for the love of the God find him something clean to wear that won’t scare the dancing boys. Then put him to work. He can sleep in here with you.” Bara-bhur said.
Dee-Ann smiled and folded his arms. The pen’s black guard dogs stood quietly. When all the slaves had shuffled in and the guards had taken off their chains and dropped them outside the pen with a clanking thud, Obid crooked her finger at him.
“My name is Bara-bhur. Fetch me when you are done.” She said and handed him back the chicken he’d killed.
Ten highsuns after crossing the border, they reached the sprawling city of Et-Novakar. They had met no other Warrior shells on the road. But they had seen many other traveling caravans all on their way to the Capital for the Queen’s nameday celebrations. They passed workers in the fields. And despite the cold, Dee-Ann could see that the lands of Et-Novakar were lush and fat. Not brown and thin like some of the other lands he had traveled through. They arrived at the city gate two fingers after newsun, when the city of Et-Raklion was staring at first light. Dee-Ann could never in his wildest dreams have imagined such a place. It seemed endless. He could see very little of the city itself. It was completely hidden behind the tallest wall Dee-Ann had ever seen. It wrapped around the entire city as far as he could see in either direction. Made of stone. Not wood like the one built around Et-Banotaj. As they finally passed through the gate, Dee-Ann got his first proper glimpse of the city. It took his breath away.
?” said the Gatekeeper, jerking her chin at Dee-Ann. He shrank from the Gatekeeper’s gaze. Her eyes were hot. They had no whites. They glowed yellow in the shade beneath the daggered city gate. Maeghara’s finger touched the small of his back.
She had been one woman alone. But it had been enough of a glimpse into the culture House Sha-Tan fostered in the west. Kufu – the eternal fool – had ventured to ask about this supposed Blood God they were rumored to worship in the West. The woman - who called herself Ardat – had simply shrugged and brushed off the comment, saying only that their culture was very old and that they had brought many gods with them from the old world.
“Pen the merchandise in that large pen, camels in a separate pen. Remove the merchandise chains. See it watered and fed.” Maeghara said simply, before crooking a finger at Dee-Ann. “There is Dee-Ann. You see him now. I see him in that pen, he does not leave it. This is my nod.”
“Maybe in the next one.” Tran whispered before driving the blade to the hilt into his own throat an throwing himself over the edge of the balcony.
He reached for the Scorpion, and his hand touched the skin of the old amulet seller. The woman gasped. She dropped the scorpion on the table, not caring if it chipped or smashed; and seized him in a grasp that seemed
Had to take a break yesterday cause it was my fiance's birthday so we were COOKING! Managed to crank this out today though. Hope you guys enjoy!
To Castiel it seemed, once he’d agreed to stop punishing himself; that he was never allowed any time for such self reflection again. Between endless classes and practice sessions with his various Masters; his schedule – now that he was older – began to include an all but endless array of “duties” which he, as a Prince of the Blood was expected to fulfill. These ranged from menial things like visiting the kitchens and stirring a large copper pot filled with spiced oil to signify the beginning of a Feast Day; to more official duties like overseeing novitiate Godspeakers performing morning sacrifice in the Keep; and even stamping his personal seal onto requests from various lesser nobles to approve betrothals for their children.
of the Blood!” Castiel roared, his tattoos burning brighter, and refractions of light bounced off the armor of the guards to dance mysteriously about the room.
“I am proud. I am defiant. I am Dee-Ann. Precious and beautiful. All of me is beautiful. The God sees me. I am seen by the God.”
"Come child." she said motioning hin forward with one black stained hand. He obliged. She rose from her seat, bringing with her a pair of sheers. She walked to the hook on the wall, handing him the sheers when he came close enough. He grimaced. They were warm. And caked with blood from her hands. She rifled among the threads, before picking out the only black one dangling there. It bore an amulet carved in the shape of a star.
“We have heard whispers from our sister Godhouses deeper into this province. Jokriel Warlord dreams of grain in her empty barns. She sends her warriors over the borders to raid and fight her sister warlords. Jokriel is not the only land that has been so affected. Hammers ring on anvils Maeghara. Bloodshed rides the wind.” The Godspeaker said, her face stone hard. And Dee-Ann felt himself grow uneasy.
Dee-Ann didn’t move. He didn’t speak. Merely looked at Castiel with a look of conjoined hesitation and outright hunger. Castiel’s eyes never left his. And leaning forward slowly, he gave him every chance to pull away; before finally…he pressed his lips to Dee-Ann’s.
Castiel’s widened and he could suppress a moan. If Dee-Ann hadn’t been gripping his hand like a drowning man, he would surely have dropped him. He regained his footing, but didn’t immediately let go. Castiel wanted to say something. To know if Dee-Ann had felt it too!
“I want it.” She said. When she saw he still didn’t understand, she added. “Your village? Do the people keep body water?”
Castiel stood with his mouth agape. Of all his siblings, his brother Peliel numbered among the ones Castiel knew the least. Not so strange considering the massive gaps in age within such a prolific family. The Queen – like her foremothers – had started spawning heirs almost as soon as she’d married. Many daughters would ensure her bloodline. But even a male child was not without its uses. A woman is never more physically powerful than while she is pregnant. A fact the Queen had never failed to exploit. She’d been pregnant a grand total of sixteen times – each corresponding with some war campaign or other – and given birth to fourteen babes. Two had been stillbirths. Two more daughters had lived to adulthood, but died in battle.
“What happened to the wine?” he asked after a moment, fanning his fingers with anger and Tran all but ran to pour him a glass.
"Children's superstitions." Kufu said. "House Sha-Tan is perhaps less civilized, but they are fierce and powerful. A most worthy match for the blood of Novakar."
“Kufu dismisses them. To his peril.” She said having almost fade a full circle now, appearing in his vision again. “The same way he dismisses
“Maeghara?” Dee-Ann said, wanting to know; but she pressed her palm to his shoulder. Next she looped a thong of leather around his neck. On it hung an amulet. A beautiful snake’s eyes of the purest blue. He snatched it up with a gasp. “Maeghara!”
have to be disappointed.” Castiel said with a mirthless chuckle, fanning his fingers on the arm rests of the chair, cocking his head to indicate the bindings. Gord-Ahn deigned to lift an eyebrow, the corner of his mouth quirking into a grin.
“I won’t get caught. And if anyone does come in here, just…..tell them we’re lovers and I’m using the privy.” Castiel said with a shrug, stripping off his own trousers.
Dee-Ann held his breath until his heart beat like a drum in his ear as the Gatekeeper inspected the woman Bara-Bhur’s amulets and keys that would grant them permission to travel on the Queen’s road. After what felt like an eternity, the woman Bara-Bhur whistled at her camel, and the caravan began to move. From where he was sitting on the splintered boards of the cook carriage – covered by a canopy of oiled fabric – Dee-Ann let his eyes take in the sight of the great city Et-Banotaj as inch by inch, step by step; more of it came into view.
Following many Highsuns travel, they left the lands of Jokriel Warlord and entered lands ruled by the Warlord Mamiklia. There they were told of warbands on the prowl. Of fighting, fierce and blood and not far away!
." the dark man said, slowly and assuredly bringing up one long nailed hand and cupping Dee-Ann's face. He tried to resist him, but this Gord-Ahn was
“Dozens!” Gabriel chattered as he pulled out an entire drawer filled with nothing but strips of hair in every color.
Castiel inched forwards another inch, now standing so close he could feel the heat radiating off Dee-Ann. Leaving his right hand on the scar, Castiel allowed his left hand to resume its leisurely track up Dee-Ann’s bicep and up over his shoulder. He nestled the hand at the join between neck and shoulder, curling his fingers around Dee-Ann’s neck while allowing his thumb to run determinedly over his cheek; wiping away the remnants of a tear.
By the time he reached the quadrangle he even dared to move a little faster; no longer from nerves but rather because he was beginning to enjoy himself. He would never have been able to move so quickly or so nimbly in his usual clothes. He swallowed a sigh. It had been years since he’d been allowed to run free, and never in these public areas. But putting the thought aside, he drove his mind back to the task at hand. He still had quite a bit of ground to cover if he to get all the way to the North Wing. But his instinct told him that wasn’t where the meeting would be taking place. He could probably count on both hands the number of people in the Palace who knew the Reverend Mother was here. But he’d had a chance to take measure of the woman, and he had to assume that was two hands too many.
Confused, Dee-Ann moved closer on the wooden seat until he was right next to her and touched Maeghara’s arm. “Maeghara. What is God Promised?”
Castiel watched in horror as Gabriel reached over and tugged a tiny purple amethyst right out of its setting with surprising ease. “Gabriel!” he said.
“What have you done? You cut off your slave braid?” Castiel asked. “Oh Tran…….you know what a serious offense that is. I cannot help you. They’ll have you on the Scorpion wheel for this….”
“That is true.” Derubeis sighed. “But surely we can do a little trading along the way Mega? Remember we were blessed by Bobarak himself. The God sees us in its eye.”
“Honestly Cassie. Perhaps you should spend a bit less time with your nose buried in those infernal books of yours; and a bit more learning about life.” Gabriel said through pursed lips as he dabbed more gold dust onto his lips.
Despite his pain. The knife of betrayal in his heart, Des-Ann laughed a little. He hoped Maeghara would beat that Slave till he cried. Or died.
“Untamed and feral like all these dwellers in the Savage East.” The other Trader said, her milk white hair shining in the sun.
He heard activity in the room behind him. Slaves coming to light the fires. Tran would be along soon to help him bathe. Unbidden, his mind flashed back to the other night when Tran had shared his bed. Tran’s arms around him. The feeling of his hard cock against Castiel’s thighs while Tran slept unknowing.
. Through all the confusion and terror and mind splitting pain, he could make out a physical form; but it had been like trying to peer through raw sewage. He couldn’t actually make out any details through the haze of absolute
Dee-Ann wasn't being at all rough with him, he was being so gentle and careful, he really was.  However much his trembling body suggested he wanted to bury himself in the body beneath him in a few hard thrusts, he didn't. He eased forward a bit at a time, slow and steady until finally, Castiel felt the hair above his cock against his skin and the weight of his stones against his buttocks. Hips pressed flush against Castiel, Dee-Ann clung to him like he was drowning. His face pressed hard into Castiel’s clavicle as he fought to keep control, to keep still, to keep being careful, even as his pulse thundered like a locomotive beneath Castiel' palms and inside his aching hole.
“The Godsnake of Et-Novakar.” Said Maeghara. “It is our symbol, a gift from the God itself. Proof that Et-Novakar and its people are its most blessed subjects.”
“Do you really need me to spell it out for you?” Gabriel asked with an incredulous expression. “Now….a discreet bit of buggery between a beautiful young prince and his body servant would hardly be cause for a revolution….”
“Not now.” Castiel said setting down his fork. “Close the door.” He said pointing with his chin. As soon as he and Tran were alone he started relating the events of the night before in as much detail as he could manage. He watched Tran’s eyes grow wide, but he didn’t interrupt; his expression growing scared as Castiel told him everything that had been said, and the mysterious voice he hadn’t been able to identify.
"Get up" she said. "Begin your Godpost pilgrimage at newsun. And remember, The God will know if even one post remains Untouched by your penitent tears. It will kill you in its Eye. You will fall down dead in the street where you stand."
There was a shift in the air then, and El-Don’s expression turned strange. “You should know….were it not for your Zandakar, we would not be speaking. There was a moment two nights ago where I thought the change was upon you.”  He said, and though he didn’t add anything further; the glint off the blade of the knife as he continued his chopping drove the message home for Castiel. El-Don had wanted to kill him. He knew he
“Good. Now off with you. You’ll want a nap before the Mima gets here. It’s going to be a late night for all of us and you have your lesson with Kufu in the morning.
His heart sang and felt as if it might burst when he saw Maeghara, seated as always in her favorite chair. Derubeis was there as always, playing with the stupid Monkey. Dee-Ann walked to his usual seat, giving Maeghara his widest smile. She smiled as well, beckoning him forward so she could look at him.
“You’re no fun today. Did something happen?” Gabriel asked, pink and golden features twisting into a look of concern.
? Especially one as brutal as this one? Oh yes. That suited him nicely.” The Truthsayer said cruelly.
“Please.” She said pulling a face. “My mother has all the wit of an ox and it has made her gullible. But I am no ox. Your story is full of holes.”
“It is cold my Lord.” he said sounding nervous, pointedly averting his eyes. But the implication was clear.
“One dead peasant? You think a Godspeaker will trouble herself over that? She’ll kill her on the spot.” Tran said.
“You honor us great Majesty. I know my lady Mother mirrors your feelings. I come bearing letters penned in her own hand.” The envoy said. “She asks that you accept this humble tribute as a show of her esteem; and hopes that we may continue in friendship during these difficult times. And find some way to further strengthen the bonds of love and alliance that exists between our great lands.”
But still. There was a small part of him that almost missed the freedom he had had since leaving the villa. Here again there were rules to follow. People to consider. It had only been barely more than a week. But Dee-Ann had been truly free for the first time in his life. That cold, dark, dirty, cleared out space among the thorny branches was the only place in his entire life that had ever been his alone. Not the floor under the table in the Woman’s hut in the nameless Village. Nor the room beneath the stairs in Maeghara’s villa. His. And the God’s.
?! Tell me! What passed between you fucking me in the moonlight and then all but retching in the sun? Yes. I saw you. I was watching you. Too scared to even move for fear of losing you after having you for
Potential trigger warning for attempted Non-Con in one scene. I tried hard not to get too graphic again.
into himself. It was a part of him now. Castiel who burned so bright in the God’s Eye that it could not see Dee-Ann? Would it change him? Would it change him too
“Hardly.” Dee-Ann said with a mock frown. “I like your body.” Dee-Ann whispers against the skin at Castiel' collarbone, nipping there gently. Castiel lets out a breathy laugh. “I do.” Dee-Ann insists.
They walked in silence for a little while. Castiel’s eye was caught by something very strange. Far below, one of the minor courtyards – or what should’ve been a courtyard – was positively covered in tents and wagons and fire pits and teeming with people. There must’ve been over two hundred tents.
understand why you’ve kept him.” He continued smoothly, going so far as to sit down on Dee-Ann’s lap and lace his arms around his neck like a lover. Dee-Ann drove his eyes to the ground, and Castiel – though it cut him – forced himself not to look away. He knew Gord-Ahn was really taunting
“Trader business Gatekeeper. Maeghara and Derubeis of Et-Banotaj, sister city of Et-Haravelle. Their you have our seal stamped by the Novakari Queen herself.” She said. Her hand dipped again into her pocket to pull out another stone cylinder. Though this one was blue. “And here you have proof of our road rights. Fully paid. We come to trade our merchandise and give the God sacred blood in the Godhouse.”
The Village Godspeaker had said that no mortal could talk directly to the God. Only a Godspeaker could hear it. Only a Godspeaker could hear its will. Once he had believed her. But now he thought she spoke lies. As all women spoke lies to ignorant he-brats to keep them small and under their heel.
They paused approximately three feet from one another and greeted each other in the custom of the Blood when they were in public. Holding out their hands – left palm up, right palm down – and approached each other until their corresponding hands were above and below one another’s. They stood like that for the space of a breath, before Castiel felt the jewel at his throat pulse; even as he saw an identical jewel at Ananakiel’s throat glow with power.
And he didn’t stare anywhere but at Maeghara’s stern face. When she saw him Maeghara smiled and crossed the open village space. Her long fingers dipped inside her robe and she dropped three bronze coins into the hands of the man Bisla. “You have pleased me and the God” she said.
“And be damned to me! Ha!” she cackled again, a crisscross of wrinkles forming in her old face. “Very well then. That which submits….rules.”
Everyone save Castiel touched their foreheads to the ground. The Queen blessed them, then instructed them to wait outside. With another bow, everyone swept out of the room.
"But to make of him a consort for a Warlord Mega? A savage beast from the East? Aaaiiiieeeeeee!! I think you are demon struck to even think such a thing. You tempt the God to smiting." Derubeis said.
"Swell." Maeghara  said patiently. "That is the symbol for swell.  Do you know the word, do you know the word 'swell'?"
of us? Oh....that was something altogether different. She went to the hill tribes, and the people of the forest and the deep desert; and even some of us.....who were more than mere
The eight slaves eating at the table made little noises of surprise and stared at him with stupid expressions. Naga stared, and the big Kitchen slave in charge of cooking stopped stirring a cooking pit hung above the fire coals. He wiped his arm across his face and looked at Dee-Ann as if he was demon-struck. It seemed the hole room held its breath.
“It would not harm anyone. You don’t know what she is like when she gets angry.” Chaala said. “And besides. I didn’t think you would have a problem lying. You’ve been lying since you arrived here.”
They reached Todorok village, a finger before Highsun the next day. There was so much strangeness to behold. Dee-Ann stared and stared. First was Todorok’s Godpost. It looked new. Untouched by harsh Sunshine, and unsplinted by winter windstorms. Twice as tall as the Godpost he’d left behind in the village, it was painted bright God colors. Purple and green and gold. Scorpions carved from shiny black crystal crawled around and around, leading up to the white crow at its top; carrying messages to the God. The Godbowl at its base was a Scorpion too, heavy black iron; tail raised; claws outstretched and its belly was full of coin.
Rubi put down her own bowl, and rummaged through the leather bag that held her little bottles of leaves. “Best be safe than sorry.” She said, tossing Maeghara a small yellow pouch. Maeghara rolled her eyes, but she took some blue powder from the pouch, and dropped it into the cup and swirled. Then she tossed the pouch back to Rubi and handed the cup to Dee-Ann.
“Go now Bisla, and your brothers. Tend your women folk and your hearths.” Said the Godspeaker. The men and his brothers nodded and walked away. Maeghara looked to Derubeis who went to the pack camel, and from its panniers pulled a stout wooden box, crisscrossed with leather lacings. Strung on lacings were so many charms and amulets the box looked infested. Derubeis carried the heavy box to Maeghara, who beckoned one of the slave guards to her. Without needing to be told, the woman kneeled and made herself into a table. Derubeis put the box on the guard’s back and together – with great care – she and Maeghara began to unlace it.
In a drafty chamber at the very top of the dreary tower, The Reverend Mother Ravenna Duaiv Mac-Leire paced back and forth over the bare cold stone floor while she waited for the Acolyte to escort the visitor in.  Her robes were damp at the hems, and her body ached from the cold. She sneered as she worked her gnarled hands. Pain was beneficial to a Dreamweaver. It helped her focus. It was a legitimate and recognized practice for Sister who had been instructed to become pregnant, to harness the agony of childbirth to generate particularly powerful visions. She had seen seventy two namedays. Her womb had dried out and shriveled within her many years before. Such tools were beyond her now. She all but growled. Her coarse hair fell in fine curtains about her waist as she walked in a slow circle around the enormous table which fair dominated the room. On it had been painted the most comprehensive map of Mijak which existed. Every river, mountain and settlement was clearly marked on it. The much lacquered surface was also updated constantly with the names of ruling families, and cities - based on the regular correspondence from their Sisters across the known world.  The map room was freezing, as it always was this far north. And though there were four enormous hearths built into the walls, only one had been lit. The fire was also the only source of light in the room. If this meeting did not go well, she wanted as plentiful shadows at her disposal. She narrowed her eyes and pulled her mouth into a hard line, feeling her rage scorch her from within. The heavy wooden doors opened, and High Godspeaker Bobarak walked in.
They were betrothal portraits. Every one. And looking at them, in their finery and ornaments; with their flowing hair and frozen faces.....he realized they were just like him. All of them.
Pushing back the covers, he slid from the bed himself. His hair was a matted mop spilling down his back. He’d been too eager for sleep to let Tran braid it for him the night before. Reaching for a brush, he raked it mercilessly along the length of his hair; pulling the mass of it over his shoulder to give him ease of access.
.” Castiel said, shaking an errant forelock out of the way before laying his cheek against Dee-Ann’s chest again. “I was afraid I’d wake up to find it had all been a dream….”
His appreciation of Tran’s appearance however had settled over him like a lead shawl. He didn’t know the exact date or even the exact moment. But at some point along the journey Castiel had become aware that those dusky thoughts and sweet nighttime pleasures which had bubbled up within him…..were not fueled by women.
not nothing. She is next in line for the throne so most of her letters is about her dedication to her people. And she’s very handsome.” Gabriel said.
A broad umbrella term in common Novaki for all “supernatural” powers attributed to acolytes and fully fledged Godspeakers.
He removed the thong with his scorpion amulet from around his neck, wrapping it in the sash and placing it on top of the folded bundle of his clothes. This was not for any woman’s eyes to see.
“Yes Rubi.” Maeghara said indulgently. “Our fortune. And it will be a large one.” She added, looking at Dee-Ann.
Weighing down the thick parchment in the corners with various bits and bobs from the desk, he closed his eyes and tried to remember as much as he could before dividing the page into three columns. At the top of the page, he wrote the names of Godspeaker Kufu in the first column, Reverend Mother in the second and in the third wrote simply a question mark to indicate the third voice. Next he went about carefully dissecting their conversation and annotating what each person had said. From the Reverend Mother’s intention to: “Legalize the next phase” of their plan using Castiel and his brothers, to Kufu’s infertility.
She tugged his godbraids. “And you are learning. You speak beautifully now. I am pleased with you.” She said. He gifted her with his widest smile.
“Where there is a Slave Dee-Ann, either the Mistress is out and the Slave will say so, or she is willing to meet with visitors and the Slave will announce them.” Maeghara said.
“Yes, yes. You fucked all the Tavern boys bow legged between here and the Southern Peninsula. And Light find you, you’ll be blessed with a healthy daughter to make your flame burn bright.” Castiel said in a humorless monotone. He could hear the annoyance in his voice but he didn’t care.
At the back, Ashar dropped the tambourine he was holding. Jing jangle jangle. The monkey Hooli gave a shriek and leapt from Derubeis' grasp. Maeghara sat up slowly, her lips pinched and her eyes cool. The scorpion on her cheek twitched.
Short Rubi moaned like a man. “Mega…..I beg you! Protections in your teeth are one thing. It’s proper! But in
Castiel felt his sense of dread returning keenly, wondering if Tran knew something else. And if that was what had prompted him to try and help Castiel….relax.
Maeghara lifted her hand frowning. Derubeis fell silent. Her feelings were hurt. Dee-Ann said nothing but inside he smiled. Derubeis had lost, and
What would it mean the next time he held a godstone in his hand? Would the truth of what he had done make it shine brighter? Or would it be a secret shadow hanging over him, forever separating him from the God?
time.” Dee-Ann said sniffing, raising his green eyes – shining with unshed tears – to look at Castiel. Castiel felt himself momentarily frozen. By the firelight, Dee-Ann was arrestingly beautiful. The sharp, chiseled angles of his features were thrown into sharp relief by the shadows dancing over his face. And somehow the expression of open vulnerability and sadness he seemed to be feeling
“And you are certain the creature is dead?” El-Don asked, having thoroughly interrogated Dee-Ann over every detail of his story. Dee-Ann nodded, mouth full of very hot tea which he sipped from a bright green cup.
“How do you feel?” Dee-Ann asked knitting his eyebrows together. He had heard many women in the caravan of the Bitch Chaala talk about the pain of fucking in the arse. He had enjoyed himself thoroughly, but suddenly the idea that he could’ve hurt Castiel made him nervous. Castiel’s expression turned a little sheepish.
“Mother?” a dark shape said from inside the tent. Once the flap was closed behind them Dee-Ann could see it was a girl not much older than him, sitting in front of a small fire pit and fiddling with pokers. She seemed to be smithing something. But he did not know what.
The slave Ashar smiled. “Oh child. The Mistress has told me you are from the Savage East. Forget that place now. Forget the caravan upon the road. This is Et-Banotaj. We are civilized here. We are civilized in this house, where the Mistress lightest breath is law. It is her want that you attend me. Do I go to her now and say you will not?”
“We will be wary.” Maeghara said bowing. “The God see you Tulu Godspeaker. The God see you in its eye.”
Castiel was exhausted. But once he was finally allowed to see their work, he had to admit they were masterful. If he was more prone to vanity he might've asked for one for his own chambers. But for the moment he had more pressing concerns. The doors opened, and two guards stepped through. Godspeaker Kufu appeared a moment later, followed by his Mother.
“More honey there?” he asked hopefully. That made her laugh. Dee-Ann had developed a voracious appetite for honey, and desired to eat it with all his food.
He felt himself collapse under the weight of reality. His everything hurt now. Everything was wrong. This was wrong. Being here again. This again. He wanted to scream. And cry. And more than anything he wanted to go back. Feel nothing and everything again. Go back to that safe space outside of everything.
The Godspeaker remained silent for a moment, her hooded gaze falling to the scorpion on Maeghara’s cheek, before raising a sharp hand – sending the snake bone bracelet at her wrist to chattering. “Bisla!” she said. A short plump man emerged from the crowd, ivory amulets dangled from his ears, and his nakedness was hidden beneath robes too fine for any male surely.
“White as a sheet he was when he came charging over the hill with you, swaddled like a babe in his arms.” El-Don said picking up a bunch of lavender, a small smile playing on his features as if he were amused by the memory.
He thought of the Woman in that Savage East village, and was sorry she would never know that selling him for ten silver pieces was the
But neither was Maeghara pleased with her fine Godbones. Her scorpion leapt and writhed. In the flickering firelight it looked like it was stinging her. Her forehead sweated and her breathing rasped.
That night the girl Chaala did not come to her tent until the small hours of the quiet time. Dee-Ann had tried waiting for her, but eventually he had fallen asleep. He stirred when he sensed movement in the tent. He could see her shadowed shape as she laced up the mouth of the tent. But she did not come to him. Instead she seemed to be trying to make as little noise as possible as she climbed under the blankets of her own bed and slept. He frowned at her in the darkness. He did not understand. After failing to do so the night before, he was sure she would have waned to claim her prize this night. But the girl Chaala was snoring loudly already. He shrugged.
He removed his Scorpion amulet from around his neck, laying it on his palm and holding it up to his face.
“Come out into the open! Take off that hood and turn out your pockets. And if you even think of pulling a knife on me, I swear on my Blood I will roast you where you stand and leave you for the dogs to feast on!” Castiel barked.
The Reverend Mother Ravenna Duaiv Mac-Leire sat in a tapestried chair, the folds of her long black garments spilling to the floor like oil. The room was dark, Castiel noted. All the curtains had been tightly drawn and there was no fire lit in the hearth. The only source of light came from two lamps hanging behind her suspended from the ceiling and even these had not been lit fully. The flames of the candles within sent a mosaic of light and dark dancing across the walls. Clay urns had been positioned all around the room. Wine perhaps, but most likely lamp oil. He thought that was strange considering the darkened state of the room. But the brunt of his focus remained on the woman in front of him.
She’d called him precious. She’d called him beautiful. He was beautiful. The mirror had shown him that.
“Pennkeeper.” Maeghara said, making her camel kneel five paces before the woman and getting off. “How much to pen these slaves and camels?”
He only snarled when they tried to take off the snake eye amulet Maeghara had given him. Then they squealed and groveled and Ashar demanded from the other side of the curtain to know what was going on. The men rushed to tell the slave that all was in order. Dee-Ann said nothing.
Castiel rolled his eyes chuckling. “Honestly brother. It astonishes me how you come up with these stories.”
himself who had solicited this effect rippled through Castiel’s muscles and settled in his already throbbing cock.
"I see in the future what I have seen in the past. You well know the pattern of our affairs, Kufu. These events were set in motion the moment this child-Queen took up her mother’s throne. The rise of every empire….”
“I assure you. His dedication is quite absolute. You’ve heard him. He lives and breathes the God.” Castiel said looking down at his hands.
Dee-Ann suggested a route once they had managed to avoid the town. Castiel had nodded. He didn’t speak. There was nothing to say. His words had dried up in his throat. Dee-Ann had offered to carry the heavier pack, Castiel had let him. Fighting over something so small was pointless. Like everything else. All pointless.
The position he was in was identical to the one when he’d gotten in bed the night before. He couldn’t remember even falling asleep. Only that it had come almost instantly. The flat, black sleep of the truly exhausted. Blinking himself fully awake, Castiel found he was somehow relieved that he had almost no memory of falling asleep – or anything that had happened between that moment – and waking now. Dreams are the mind’s way of dealing with every day reality. A time to come to terms with things the waking mind wouldn’t or couldn’t face.
Her expression turned white and she put up her hands. “Peace Dee-Ann! I am not trying to threaten you. I’m sorry. I only…..I noticed that your story was not accurate and…..I’ve always been this way. I see a puzzle and I need to solve it. I would never betray you to my mother. Your reasons for lying are your own. But you know my greatest secret. I thought it was only fair that I learn a few of yours.”
Kufu. In your desperation to prove yourself in spite of your gender, you have hopelessly complicated matters.”
When he was dry, the girl Chaala had brought him clothes. He noticed something strange about her. Despite waiting right next to the basin where he had bathed himself, she had not taken advantage of the opportunity to look at his naked body. This was strange. Dee-Ann knew he was a far cry from the stupid slave boy that had run from Maeghara’s villa. But he had grown accustomed to women’s lustful stares on him. He wore no slave braid – like Chaala and her mother – but he did not think that mattered overmuch. He had heard gossip enough in the kitchens of Maeghara’s villa to know that Derubeis and even Maeghara had routinely fucked their slaves. It was just the way things are. A woman needs to fuck, as an artist needs ink or a dancer needs music. And that the woman Bara-bhur had ordered Dee-Ann to sleep in Chaala’s tent meant that tonight, she would fuck him.
“Beautiful….” He heard Dee-Ann say so softly he was sure it was not aimed at him. With agonizing slowness, Dee-Ann applied the smallest amount of pressure and – still using only his fingertips – eased the skin up and back. Shivers passed through Castiel like ripples, his cock all but singing under Dee-Ann’s light touch; hissing out a breath when Dee-Ann pressed his thumb into Castiel’s slit and spread the moisture he found there and spread it over his tender, exposed head. Dee-Ann stroked him a few heartbeats more, the left off to caress Castiel’s stones.
“Join me by the fire. He’ll need to rest now.” El-Don said gently. Dee-Ann was about to follow when he noticed something strange.
He found himself on the floor which was completely free of any shards of clay. And looking around the room fiercely, he noticed that his clothes were dry; and finding the places where he’d been cut he discovered that all the wounds on his body had disappeared.
He smiled. The second taste was much better. And Castiel thought with a delicious twitch of his own cock, with enough
If the God’s answer was no, the Godspeaker fell to the ground twitching and foaming at the mouth and drumming bare heels on the ground. Three times now they had witnessed the asking. Three times the God had answered no. The Godspeaker who came to make sacrifice on the fourth highsun, was naked except for a loincloth and the scorpion shell bound to his brow. His scorpion sting marks were all on show, angry and raised, covering the dark skin of his belly and back. Many of them looked fresh.
Except he had learned other things from the slaves gossiping in the kitchen. Godspeakers walked the streets of Et-Banotaj during the quiet time. If he was caught by one of them, he would be punished by the God. Dee-Ann dropped to his knees on the beautiful slave bought carpet. He pressed his clenched fists to his beating heart.
"Have you considered speaking to Godspeaker Kufu again? Perhaps he can offer some insight." Tran suggested.
“Clever Dee-Ann.” She said lifting the jug again. “Honey is sweet. You know…sweet?” He shook his head, watching as Maeghara poured a sticky gold stream onto his corn cakes. “Eat.” She said still smiling. “Use your fingers.”
“Fuck you….” Castiel hissed then without warning, he burst into tears, his chest wracked by deep shuddering sobs. “I’ve never kissed anyone. Never. Not
To Castiel it had seemed no different to the usual court nonsense that he so despised. He had reasoned that he ought to grow accustomed to wearing the styles of the West – since that was where he was going – and be damned to anyone watching. It wasn’t until Gabriel explained it to him that the darker implications of the game became clear.
The brass of the gongs sounded again, and as the trumpets flared to life; Castiel realized it was his turn. It was not until this moment – with the heavy oak doors opening with a heavy clank – that it occurred to Castiel he ought to have prepared something for the crowd. Light burn him for a fool! He’d had the entire morning to think of something but all he’d been worried about were things that have nothing to do with him!
“Kiss me goodbye Castiel.” Tran said taking his face in his hands. His skin was warm and smooth, and his fingers threaded neatly into his hair.
“Hardly.” She said with amusement in her voice. “Your dreams are different. You have sensed this.” She continued from directly behind him. There was no question in her voice.
“You will learn that soon enough. Now come.” The Godspeaker said in a whirl of robes and crackling bones.
"But you do feed on them from time to time." Castiel put in plainly. "It's what that cunning little tunnel is for isn't it? To spy on them through the walls; corner them when they're alone. That scarf Pip is always wearing. And that ludicrous uniform of Mr. Butters? Where do you bite him? Inner thigh? Wrist?"
Castiel frowned looking down. He could casually count at least thirty. “Alright, then what are they?” he asked.
“I may have heard a rumor when I was down in the Kitchens earlier.” Tran said conspiratorially, still brushing away. “Big hullabaloo. They were cooking up a storm. A proper feast from what I could tell. I saw a dessert with sugar dates. Looked delicious.”
“D’you know something of what happens when an enemy war band sacks a village?” she asked meeting his gaze. He simply shook his head. He did not know. But he could imagine.
“Am I mistaken or is this not MY Palace? Am I beholden to explain my movements about my own home to a blundering metal neck like you? I think I am not.” Castiel all but shouted.
The stunted saplings resisted him. Their bodies twisted and their thorny branches clawed at his face, his arms, his clothes as he crawled into them. He bit his lip to swallow the pain as he pushed further. He was Dee-Ann of the savage East. He could not be defeated by trees. And he wasn’t. He found a small clear space at their thorny heart, curled up in it; and slept.
Dee-Ann bathed himself with extra care, washing between each of his toes and letting the soap froth and bubble over his scalp twice. The slave Naga and another male slave helped him prepare before he dressed. Working a cake of hard soap between their hands, a thick layer was rubbed on his arms, his legs, his chest, over his cock and even on his stones. Next, using a very sharp blade, they proceeded to carefully scrape off the foam; removing the hair along with it. Dee-Ann was not as hairy as some others, but for beauty a man must be hairless. A fresh bucket of water was poured over his head and body once he was as smooth as a boiled egg. They did not touch the hair on his face. Dee-Ann sheared this off himself. A stupid goat slave had cut him once on his jaw. Dee-Ann had balled his hands into fists and beat the slave like a wild animal.
So he walked in silence, one foot after another; trying with every step to remember what it was to breathe without the sucking hole that had formed in his chest.
He smiled inside. He had given himself a name. And he wore no slave braid. He was as special as the slave Bennihime, gone to serve the God.
“See that cloak properly brushed and sponged Tran. I may need it in the morning.” He said loudly as soon as he was sure the Guards at his door could hear.
The weeks stretched into a month on the road. The landscape grew strange. Dee-Ann saw such plants and trees as he had never seen. And the air grew colder than Dee-Ann had ever felt. They had traveled through lands he had never heard of. Et-Taklikar. Et-Mamiklia. Et-Tabr. They were currently in a province called Et-Reichel, which the girl Chaale told him was one of four provinces that directly bordered with Et-Novakar. So far from the Savage East and Et-Banotaj, Dee-Ann again found himself learning new words. Words like Ice. Frost. Snow.
Without warning, the Godspeaker tossed the Godstone on its leather thong at Dee-Ann. Without thinking, his hands caught it out of the air. It blazed to life between his hands, the light burning his eyes and the stone turning warm against his skin. He looked between Maeghara and the Godspeaker.
in that dress.” She said scrunching up her face. Castiel rolled his eyes. “Absolutely absurd. Honestly Castiel, is this really the best you could make of yourself for the occasion?”
"You are welcome in my house Castiel." the womaj said. Though he felt his eyes stretch wide. She had not spoken using words. Rather she had said the wirds directly into his mind.
“You’re looking particularly beautiful today Cassie. Any particular reason?” Gabriel asked shaking him from his reverie. His voice was pitched high, and it was clear that Gabriel wanted to change the subject.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - TRIGGER WARNINGS AND DISCLAIMERS - !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“Promised in the presence of the God!” Derubeis snapped. “In the Godhouse of Et-Banotaj! Et-Haravelle’s High Godspeaker herself sealed the promise with sacrifice before the Warlords, Et-Banotaj’s High Godspeaker and selected witnesses.” She continued. She preened a little. “Mega and
The Godspeaker Tulu had brought a large basket with her from the Godhouse. When the last of the Godsbreath was blown from the amulet, and all the box’s leather lacings undone to reveal its heavy burden of coin; Maeghara poured silver and bronze coins into the basket. Last of all she took a single black purse from the box and added three gold coins to the silver and bronze. When she was fiished, there was more air than money in the unlaced wooden box. The Godspeaker Tulu nodded, and handed her laden basket to slave from the Godhouse.
Castiel returned his attention to Dee-Ann’s chest, trailing the tip of his tongue over scars he had until then only seen during their
By the end of the first week, the routine of the caravan was becoming more familiar to him. The work was hard, but familiar. And Dee-Ann found he had plenty of time to himself to talk to the God. The surroundings here were strange to him. Brown earth covered here and there in patches of green grass like scabs clinging to a wound. Spindly trees and a stiff wind howled around them as the caravan wound its way over round hills and into a narrow valley. It was slow going most days. And in places the road was so narrow each camel and horse and donkey and sheep and goat had to be led by hand along the stoned road. Dee-Ann had no real idea where they were. But he did not care. Every step he took away from Et-Banotaj and Maeghara and Stupid Derubeis was a step he took towards the new life the God had planned for him in Et-Novakar.
Not that it's super important, but the title of the Chapter is a German word. It's the instinctive impulse birds feel one day to start migrating. Like a literal pull that springs up between one day and the next. I thought it was strangely applicable.
At this Joh’s face split in half as she smiled, pushing off with her fist on one knee to resume their walk. “Light blind me Cassie. When did you learn to start talking like a proper man?” she asked as if she found the idea hilarious. “Niggled me like a right grown fish husband you did.”
Or at least, that’s what his father had always said. He sighed, clawing at an errant forelock that had somehow escaped from the wrist thick braid his body servant had knotted his hair into for sleep. The motion of his hand made the many bracelets circling his slender wrist tinkle. He didn’t much care for what his dreams had been showing him recently. Darkness. Shadows. And more–than–shadows. And there were always dreams. Whether he remembered them upon waking or not, didn’t matter. In the moment between sleep and awareness he could always feel it. The frayed threads of his memory still catching on the splinters of fear.
Perhaps this was the reason she did not wish to look. She meant to keep him as a delicacy to be enjoyed later. That must be it.
“They shave their heads and dress in dreary robes.” Gabriel said widening his eyes and screwing up his mouth to show just what he thought of that lifestyle. “Rumor has it they live in almost total darkness. But one thing is certain. They breed some of the largest and deadliest Scorpions in the entire world. Half the High Godspeakers in Mijak wear Scorpion shells bred by them.”
“I didn’t want to hurt you. I don’t even really know why I said what I did. I was scared. And….” Dee-Ann began, speaking rather quickly. “And now you hate me.”
“You’re going to keep digging aren’t you?” It was not a question. Gabriel took him by the shoulders and turned him so they were looking at each other. After Tran Castiel had had to take Gabriel into his confidence in order to keep gathering the information he needed. Gabriel had been surprisingly open to helping him, though it seemed sometimes as if he still didn’t quite believe everything Castiel had told him.
"She changed her mind. Because I changed it for her." Gabriel said with a wicked grin Castiel didn't trust.
And with that he was gone. Castiel gave himself over to a chuckle. He didn’t always know what he’d done to deserve a brother like Gabriel. But just then he was grateful.
And with that, he left a panting Dee-Ann lying there in the dirt alone, still covered in their conjoined sweat and seed.
Castiel stood on a stool in his dressing rooms, fighting to maintain his balance in the elevated heels of the boots one of the Body Servants was lacing him into. He gripped Tran’s fist harder, finding the position awkward, with his weight on his back leg and the other wedged against the chest of the Body Servant doing up his boots. He winced as the dark black suede was pulled tighter around his thigh; cursing – not for the first time – the process it was of getting him ready for a formal audience with the Queen.
She put away the tablet then. From the basket next to her chair she retrieved a painted tambourine. She gave it to Naga.
When all his bread and cheese had been eaten, Dee-Ann crawled from the protection of his secret hiding place for the last time, and walked out into the world. His skin was dirty. His body stank. His tunic and pantaloons were filthy, ripped and caked with dirt and stained to sickness with old sweat. He looked like a he-brat who had been running forever. He knew he was anything but beautiful.
The feeling of loneliness offended him. Loneliness belonged to the nameless he brat in the village who lived under a table, and chained to the wall. That ignorant naked Skin and Bones thing destined for the dogs,  or an end even worse... It had lived in loneliness the way a fish lives in water.  But he wasn't that sad he-brat anymore.  He wore fine clothes. He ate meat and drank camel milk. His hair was godbraided with amulets and silver bells.  He had a name now. He had a tutor bought and paid for.
Castiel had never seen such a woman. Tall and powerful, her face – which had been the only skin visible – had been scarred by so many battles and tattooed with so many enchantments that Castiel could scarce have imagined what she might have looked like once. She had appeared dressed in armor unlike anything he’d ever imagined. It may once have been iron or steel, but it was almost impossible to determine for – as she had explained at the celebration banquet Castiel’s Mother had thrown for the occasion – everything she wore had been painted again and again in the blood of those she had slain before being lacquered to keep the blood from rotting and corroding the steel. Even more horrifying, was that in places her armor boasted actual human bones, cleaned and dipped in molten metal to make them strong. From skulls too small to have belonged to anything but children, to ribs and finger bones worked into all manner of places along her body. It was as gruesome as it was terrifying. Castiel would never forget her breastplate. Carefully hammered to resemble a human face, eternally screaming in agony; real teeth had been worked into the open mouth. And he was certain that he’d seen pieces of an actual skull slotted in among the rest. She’d seen him looking, and mistaking horror for interest; she had taken great care in explaining to him some of the more disgusting practices these……people……partook in with great gusto upon winning a victory.
“The dawn is barely upon us?” Castiel asked frowning. It was unusual for him to woken so abruptly. He looked down at Tran. There was a definite air of tension to his shoulders as he busied himself laying out a tray with steaming water and tea. Castiel rubbed at his eyes before as he descended the stairs from his bed, blessing the slaves and receiving their blessings in return before seating himself on the divan to have a sip of the tea Tran handed him. He groaned. Several parts of his body complained just as loudly at being awoken from sleep. His face felt raw from all the paint and scrubbing over the last few days, his feet splintered in agony when he walked and he had thumb thick bruises all along his ribs from being too tightly laced into his stomacher for too long.
Castiel smiled. “Good.” He said, hearing how hoarse his voice was and smiling for it. “I want you to.”
“Thought so.” Gord-Ahn said, taking hold of Dee-Ann’s face and leaning in close. “No God here, except mine of course......” he whispered, patting Dee-Ann’s cheek. “Not very smart this one.....” Gord-Ahn said turning to look at Castiel again. “Though I
"I never met a woman can't be killed. As for the rest...." there was a clinking of armor that may have been a shrug. "....who knows? I'm a soldier. I believe what I can see. I leave stories and fairytales for the Bards."
“Tcha! This is madness Maeghara! You will regret this! And so will I!” Rubi said, scrubbing one jeweled hand over her white hair.
A few times he found himself dreaming of being pressed against strong chest and being wrapped in warmth. He remembered….or at least, he
Barely four streets from Maeghara's villa, flitting from shadow to shadow in the Quiet Time, his food sack bumping bruises against his leg and his heart beating so loudly he wondered the Godmoon and his wife did not hear it; he saw a Godspeaker. She was striding in the moonlight, grim and vigilant for the God. Dee-Ann stilled himself, like a lizard beneath an eagle circling overhead. His godbraids were silent in his sash. She would not hear the singing silver. But she did hear something. Her stern face was turned to the side. The Scorpion strapped to her forehead was listening. The tall staff she carried - carved like a Godpost - was listening too.
The city districts ended at last, at the place where the wide Queen’s Road began winding down the slope towards the Gate. The two tall Godposts the Tutor had spoken of stood their grim watch on either side of the Gate. They looked like the Godposts in Derubeis’ Garden. Sinuous snakes of Et-Novakar with a stinging scorpion upon each hooded head; the godbowls at their bases were the largest he had ever seen. Their scorpion bellies were half filled with offering. He knelt before each one, digging his fingers into the sash he had tied around his godbraids and dug out two. These he shore off with the knife, before placing one golden godbraid in each one.
When they were gone, he whipped back the curtains and trotted – still dressed in his trousers and boots – to wait for Tran; who arrived moments later.
“Then why is it that now – when we are a scant few years from completing our work, and bringing all of our plans to fruition…you waver?” The Reverend Mother asked.
As he was gently lowered – still caged safely within Dee-Ann’s arms – he felt a moan escape him unbidden as Dee-Ann hovered over him for a moment on his knees; then molded his entire body to align with Castiel’s. The weight of Dee-Ann pressing into him felt at once alien and dazzlingly familiar. It felt
“Then kill me.” He said those gorgeous eyes boring into Castiel’s very soul where he stood. He was still afraid, Castiel knew that much. But he was working hard to hide it. “I am ready to meet the God. I have served it faithfully.”
“Perhaps it would be easier for me to assist you…if you told me what you were looking for?” Tran suggested looking at him strangely.
….today than I’ve seen you since before Tran died. And we’ve been sitting here for over an hour and you haven’t mentioned your “investigation” or “visions” or dark conspiracies even once. May the Light sear me where I stand if I won’t do
HELLLOOOOOOOOOOO my lovelies!!!!!!!!! So here we have it, the climactic conclusion of this part of the story. And in celebration, I thought I'd give y'all a little treat. Spoilers!
“She seems to be a good woman. Perhaps a bit dull but….what woman isn’t? And besides, there are ways around that. The marriage will have to be consummated of course. But once we’ve managed to produce an heir, she has assured me she has no intention of darkening the door of my bedchamber more than is strictly necessary.” Gabriel said speaking more practically than Castiel had ever heard him when it came to matters of fucking and the like.
“I’m fine.” Castiel reassured bringing up his hand and carding his fingers through the soft hair at the base of Dee-Ann’s neck without thinking.
“Well I’ve had to be haven’t I? You have the luxury not to care about such things because you have always been beautiful.” Gabriel said bitterly. “I might be plain as dirt. But at least I know it. And people
?” the amulet seller demanded. Her other customer had gone away. They were alone in the booth. “Who’s child are you?”
Castiel stormed out of the room and cannoned directly into the standing form of Godspeaker Kufu. As soon as he saw the ghost faced fool all the anger he felt towards the old woman flared to life within his veins!
Dee-Ann nodded, pushing out of his seat and bending to grab more wood to pile on the fire. Castiel felt a pit form in his stomach. After the intimacy of their conversation, he felt as if he’d been doused in ice cold water now that Dee-Ann had returned to being his usual, capricious self. Dee-Ann stood with his back to him for a moment, the firelight painting him in silhouette.
In his dreams, the Woman's dogs chased him, howling and growling behind Maeghara's camel. Maeghara was not riding her camel. She was not warm and solid and reassuring behind Dee-Ann. She was riding Derubeis camel. There was Maeghara and there was Derubeis and there was the stupid monkey Hooli. They were all riding the white camel, happy and together and laughing and pointing at Dee-Ann. And the Woman's dogs were coming.
Everything he could see and remember he could talk about said Maeghara. So he did. Because that was her want.
The journey took the better part of an hour, and Castiel was utterly lost. He’d managed to sneak a few peeks out through he shutters, but Tran insisted it wasn’t a good idea. Evidently they were traveling deep into the Bone Slums. When Tran finally tapped on the roof of the coach, Castiel was eager to get out. Only to instantly wish he could get back in. The coach had hardly been luxurious, but it was nothing compared to what waited outside.
“I’m not talking about gossip, I’m talking about you.” Gabriel said sharply. His voice was hard, and his eyes seemed to burn. “I know all of this….
“War orphans mostly. Some of them are bastards from Noblewomen who frequent the Pleasure District. Same old story.” Tran said flatly.
"Yes. Still precious. Still beautiful. But a slave." Maeghara said turning to Ashar. "Take him beneath the stairs. I do not think he will be any more trouble."
“Lay back,” Dee-Ann whispers. “Knees up.” Castiel nods and watches as Dee-Ann dips his hand in the pot. “Let me know if I hurt you.”
“We’ll have to do something with that hair.” He said louder, and Castiel assumed this last was directed at him. “I don’t suppose you’d consider letting me dye it…..?” he asked hopefully. The look Castiel shot him could have shriveled a vine. “Alright then. It’ll have to be a switch!” he continued not missing a beat.
“If that is so then you have nothing to fear.” The Godspeaker said, pulling at Castiel’s sleeves and adjusting his godstone so it hung properly. “Try to remember that you are the son of a Queen, and conduct yourself accordingly.”
His features looked slightly drawn from lack of sleep. His Mima wouldn’t be pleased when he arrived. He reached for a pot of cream, cleverly painted to look like a desert beetle, and dipped his fingers into it to spread the rose colored stuff over his face. His hands smoothed over his sharp cheekbones, down his family’s nose and over his prominent chin. The effect was almost instantaneous. If not exactly well rested, at least his skin didn’t look quite so ashen anymore. And the cream smelled faintly of winter peaches, which was his favorite scent. A different pot no larger than his thumbnail held a drop of oil mixed with gold dust. This he dabbed onto the fullness of his lips and into the very inner corners of his eyes – their blueness hanging like open wounds above all his other features. The hint of shimmer was pleasing. He packed away the pots. He was hardly skilled with his own face, but it would serve until the Mima could paint him properly before he had to be seen.
Dee-Ann noticed she had markings inked into her skin like a Godspeaker. Only this woman’s tattoos were golden instead of black. Aiiieeeeeee!!!!! He did not think he had enough counting to think of a sum large enough to pay for such a protection.
“That vengeful God who dangles everything I ever wanted in front of me……then ruins our bodies and leaves us with only enough wit for regret.” He said grabbing his braids and waggling his blood red slave braid at Castiel. “Beneath this stupid slave braid, inside the stupid body I am still whole!” he said slamming his fist into his chest.
Her entire face lit up with her habitual smirk when she saw him. And Castiel could’ve kissed her. Johdilia’s mother was one of the Queen’s oldest and most trusted friends. They’d been girls together in the Outer regions and had fought together in the last Great War. As the story went El-Ahn had saved the Queen’s life, and she’d never forgotten it. After the War, the Queen had arranged a handsome husband for El-Ahn and swiftly appointed her Warden over the Eastern Reach. It had come as no surprise when Johdilia had sailed through the ranks of the military. By fifteen she was one of the best Swordswomen at the Academy. And after her two year placement in the Western lands she was one of the youngest women ever, to join the ranks of the Queen’s personal Honor Guard; the elitist force of the Et-Novakarian military.
a good thing? He wanted to know. Maeghara had said no speaking. But these words were in service of her. So…
“Rubbish.” Castiel said chuckling again. “You’re planning something special for the Queen’s nameday. You told me so yourself.”
"The Reverend Mother indeed. A woman I have known since I was a girl. Who served your Grandmother, and mine. What have you to say of her?" The Queen asked. "She had much to say of you. Of your brashness. Of your ill manners. What shall I say to this? Hmm? Am I to be proud?"
like it. It just was. But feeling the shiver that ran through Dee-Ann the moment his tongue had touched his cock, Castiel knew he would’ve gladly continued no matter
Then Dee-Ann heard what the Godspeaker heard. The sound of stumbling feet. Of voices raised in raucous whispers. Two women. Traveling late. They fell out of shadow into the light, in the mouth of an alley between two Trader villas. Their voices were thick with Cactud milk, or some other rowdy drink. And their skin was greasy around their sloppy mouths. Their robes were tied unevenly to their bodies - one's legt breast was even hanging out - and they had their arms wrapped tightly around each other as they stumbled. They saw the Godspeaker, then staggeted to a halt.
So he played along. Once the sewers were finally finished, he carefully hopped off the stool – for he was still growing accustomed to walking in the almost negligibly thin heel of his new boots – and started the day. His morning was packed to bursting with relatively menial tasks. First he rang the temple bell that summoned the Godspeakers to prayer. That meant seeing Kufu. The thought was enough to turn his stomach. But he’d managed it. And beyond the most basic of blessings when he’d been handed the hammer, they hadn’t spoken any more than necessary. The next hours were chewed up accepting and blessing some of the lower ranking nobles who had brought gifts for the Queen’s nameday. They varied from stags to baskets of fruit and the like. There was the odd parent who wanted to present a son coming of age that they wished to put forward as potential Body Servant or Knave for Castiel or one of his brothers. With all the wealthy Princesses and Noblewomen coming to the capital for the Queen’s nameday, it would be a veritable buffet for the men of the court hoping to snag a wife.
"It is no matter. See about dinner. Dee-Ann will be along shortly. Close the door. I would have a few private words with her." Maeghara said.
But he stayed Beneath The Villa. He did his lessons.  The stupid tutor taught him reading and writing. He scrubbed pots in the kitchen.  He washed sheets in the laundry. He toiled among the vegetables and fruits in the garden.  He ate his meals in the kitchen with the Villas stupid slaves.  He listened to them laugh and joke and tease.  They told tales of the city which they could sometimes to visit, but he could not.  He was not free here, the way he had been on the road. Here there were rules to follow. Here there were slaves with nasty maggot questions roiling in their eyes.
“I happen to have laid hands on, the personal journals of one Captain Anne Bonny.” Joh said with a wide grin at the way Castiel’s eyes lit up.
“Home.” Dee-Ann whispered to himself. The word felt strange in his mouth. Even stranger in his heart. He had never belonged anywhere, or to anyone. Not until Maeghara. He looked up at her, then back at her shining city, and they became one and the same.
“Oh yes..........” Gord-Ahn said suddenly behind him. Castiel started. He’d moved so fast he hadn’t even registered. “.....not long after your wretched family was done away with.....a message that there was a boy.......” he continued. “......a boy who lived. And that we all of us, had to find him.....”
“That was the quite the show you put on today.” Tran said disrobing so he could follow Castiel into the bath. “You’re the talk of the Palace.”
“I’m frightened Tran.” Castiel admitted. “The way they were talking…….I can’t help but feel as if these plans they are working towards are going to be…..
“You’re back?” he said more than asked, crossing the room in two long strides before sitting in the empty chair next to the bed. Castiel simply nodded, letting Dee-Ann take his hand gingerly. Castiel watched something
“I am Princess Ananakiel of Et-Novakar. Fourth daughter of Queen Elspeth and First spear of her armies.” She said slowly, seeming to enjoy the taste of the words as she spoke them. “And who might you be?”
friends? You’ve never.....” he asked inching his fingertips into the collar of Dee-Ann’s tunic and spreading the fabric there. Dee-Ann closed his eyes; but Castiel could see every muscle in his body was pulled tight. “Shall we peek together?”
Where she sat Maeghara looked at him with a smile. She waved one painted hand at him to continue. Dee-Ann smiled at her before doing just that. Derubeis rolled her eyes as usual.
It was Maeghara’s want that he play Ashar’s stupid game, so he followed him up the stairs with a sigh; and along the passageways to the villa’s front doors. Within one closed room he heard sharp raised voices. He felt his heart leap!
“Possibly.” Tran said with a shrug. He raised his arms so that Tran could begin systematically scrubbing him with a soft sponge, fighting not to laugh when Tran deliberately dug his fingers into his ribs.
"Aaaaaiiiiieeeee!!!! See how he scares my little Hooli!" Derubeis said. Dee-Ann scowled and pointed at the animal.
She summoned him a finger before low sun on the 29th day.  He was in his chamber under the tairs practicing his writing, when the slave Asher came in unannounced.  Such a rude man! Dee-Ann did not like him.
It was a flat block of wood set atop four plain wheels, its black paint chipping in places to reveal that it had once been painted orange underneath. The driver was a heavyset woman of indeterminate age. Her face was ruddy and the thick clump of godbraids peeking out beneath a cap on her head was streaked with silver. The horse drawing the carriage was a mixed breed and looked quite old. Seeing his hesitation, Tran nudged him into the carriage, offering his hand so Castiel wouldn’t have to avail himself of the rusted bar screwed into the door. When they had clambered in and settled themselves the seats inside smelled of dust and mold.
He had kept his promise to Gabriel and had thrown himself into the tutelage of his Masters in music and dance. More skills had followed as time wore on. All aimed at making of him a better groom for his….betrothed.
“The Brothers of Venom?” Castiel asked. He’d heard of them. They were rumored to let themselves be stung daily to receive visions from the God; in the process becoming venomous themselves.
"You've traveled out West. What do you make of this...Morningstar?" Gabriel asked. So he knew. Did everyone know?
Dee-Ann  took the clay tablet between both of his hands.  The tablet was heavy. If he dropped it and it broke, Maeghara would be angry with him. So he held it tightly as he turned it to have a better look. So he held it tightly as he turned it to have a better look.
“The look you get when you’re plotting something. The one that says: “Tran. I’m about to do something
He dressed in thin, wide legged pantaloons that draped about his legs. His chest was left bare - as it had throughout the blistering heat of the summer - but for a short vest the color of his eyes. Around his waist, he knotted a sash of bright yellow. A black pearl hung at each ear. Maeghara had brought him many gifts when she had returned the first time. A rustling bracelet of singing beads was wrapped around each of his slender ankles, and a single band of gold adorned the second toe of each foot. Around his neck, he wore his beautiful blue amulet. His godbraids danced and sang as he turned in front of the mirror, inspecting every detail and polishing it until he shined like a jewel himself.
“The God would have protected you. The test was intended only to….” The tall man sputtered, but there was fear in his eyes.
The Pennkeeper was old. She wore amulets from her saggy ears, and around her neck a leather purse hung strung with laces and charms. Her clothes were goat hide, rubbed bare and shiny in large patches. One arm stuck out from her body at a strange angle, as if the bone had broken and never knew its proper place after.
“Light blind me. Have you lost your senses? You can’t possibly mean to go haring around the Palace dressed as a Servant! What if you get caught? What if I get caught?” Tran said sounding flustered as he pulled off his shoes and began unlacing his trousers.
"You're young. And beautiful. And strong and healthy. There's no reason to doubt you'll seed this Li-illitur with hordes of daughters. And think then." Gabriel said, smiling a bright luminious smile that didn't reach his eyes.  "All this will have been for nothing."
The Trader stopped pacing, her companion unhooked a camel whip from her belt of linked precious stones and snapped the thong. The Woman’s dogs – caged for safety – howled and threw themselves against the woven goat hide straps of their prison. In the pens beside her, the Woman’s goats bleated and moaned; dropping anxious balls of shit as their yellow eyes blinked.
“Then it would seem you belong to me too.” She said cocking her head to one side and lifting her eyebrow.
Dee-Ann sighed. Words, words, words. Buzz, buzz, buzz. “Maeghara.” She’s said he could use her name. “Tell Dee-Ann, Et-Banotaj.”
“If all we see are Et-Haravelle’s warriors we need not be afraid.” Maeghara told Derubeis. “But if we see warriors of Bajadek or Mamiklia or one of the other Warlords…..”
“It is normal for Body Servants to do this for their masters. It will help you relax.” Tran said manipulating Castiel’s foreskin with a firm but gentle grip, pressing the pad of his thumb to Castiel’s slit in a way that made his legs buckle. Tran brought up his other hand, drawing the warm sponge over Castiel’s chest and teasing his thumb over one pebbled nipple. This solicited an involuntary moan from Castiel.
“There!” said Bisla, and pinched the end of his nose. “Soon you will feel wonderful. I promise.” And with his brothers’ help, Bisla poured the pink flower smelling stuff onto cloths and scrubbed Dee-Ann all over; even between his toes. More pink stuff was poured into his hair, so Bisla could scrub his hair. The pink stuff turned frothy like sadsa; but not white. Grubby brown, it floated on the water and stung his eyes. But it was only a small pain, and it was what Maeghara wanted. So he didn’t complain or fight. He gasped when one of the men poured a whole bucket of water over his head. Was astonished when his hair was scrubbed again, then again; until the froth at last was sadsa white. By then the water was cool, and he was feeling so soft; so floppy, it was all he could do to keep his legs straight. If he wasn’t careful he’d slide right back under the water. His wet hair was so heavy, his head wanted to tip backwards. If he let that happen it might snap off altogether.
Brilliant light flared to life inside the stone, shining out through the dead slave’s eyes and mouth; before with a crackle and a hiss of air almost like a sigh; flesh and blood and bone turned black and dissolved into the air like smoke.
“Oh dahling is it really so awful?” Gabriel asked whining. Castiel shook his hair out of his face feeling sheepish. He didn’t know how long had passed in silence. Long enough for Gabriel to have noticed.
“Only when I’m in the company of Ladies. Not some salty old war dog like you.” Castiel answered smoothly, unable to keep a chuckle from escaping him. “Did you even bother to change your clothes Nunun? You stink of the road.”
“I have no need of it. The Southern wedding garb will have me covered from head to toe. But….” Gabriel said conspiratorially as he bent down to sit on the stool behind Castiel. “Like I said, we neither of us are the first Et-Novakari men to suffer an arranged marriage. And there’s more to this necklace than you know.”
“Don’t be a brat. That is the province of children and theater. We are the Princes of the Blood. Politics was always going to rule these kinds of decisions. I have made my peace with it….And the Southern Isles is a paradise compared to….some other places.” Gabriel said awkwardly before trailing off. Castiel knew he had spoken without thinking, and the truth head leaked out.
He was silent because she said he must be silent. But he still didn’t understand. He wanted to know how that Godstone knew to burn or stay dead? To know what would happen to that special slave Bennihime who had gone to serve in Et-Haravelle’s Godhouse. How he would serve? And what the God wanted from him?
First mention of Bobby! And there is what might be an easter egg that I'll revisit later on in the fic, might just be a flook. I haven't decided.
BEFORE and AFTER the aforementioned passages. So if anyone does not want to read them, feel free to skip.
It was his want too. He would be more than a village goat, bleating and shitting and waiting for the knife.
“Kufu’s involvement is particularly terrifying. Is he alone among the Godspeakers? Or are they all in league? The Reverend Mother received a direct communication from the High Godspeaker! Is he a conspirator as well? Or is he unaware of her true purposes?” Castiel mused aloud.
Several times Tran had openly displayed his own hard cock when they were naked together, and even went so far as to place Castiel’s hand on it. Light see him, Castiel had been everything but disgusted by the unbelievably curious hardness beneath the silken skin. Nor did he find anything repulsive in the feeling of Tran’s nimble fingers working along his own.
He was so pleased to see Maeghara!  He wanted to run to her! The dance for her!  To show her that she could trust him above the stairs.
She smiled widely at him, teeth blinding. Tiny gemstones sparkled blue and red and green. He gasped, and touched his own teeth in amazement. He had not noticed her gemstones in the village. Maeghara laughed.
Dee-Ann’s expression lit up as if he wanted to protest but Castiel forged on. “I know we discussed this before. But I think it is fair to say we neither of us adequately understood the stakes then. Not the way we do now.” He said trying to sound calmer than he felt. “My point is….I won’t hold you to any oath or promise you made.”
"I would open a vein before I would ever have dared to write down any of this Bobarak." she said continuing her slow walk around the room. "You may doubt my powers Bobarak. But we are facing a cataclysm."
“Yes. But do not despair. We have made a good profit from this trading. And we have much business to tend when we reach home. We have been many godmoons on the road.” Maeghara said.
“Viewed in a certain light all of this could be considered terribly exciting. Clandestine meetings. A young prince locked in a battle of wills with shadowy political figures. Strapping guards. Flaming red gowns. And all this mere weeks before your name day.” Gabriel said, his eyes alight as he spoke.
There were spear carriers, powerful women who rose on horseback and could lift enormous weights above their heads as if they were like a feather. There were archers and slingshot throwers who would hone their skills on a small pack of meat goats the woman Bara-bhur had gifted them as payment for their aid. Dee-Ann watched with rapt attention. A good strike would drop a goat dead with its skull crushed. No differently a woman. And an arrow through the heart would kill any living thing. It took much meat to feed a war host and the Caravan, so the Cook was only to happy to let the warrior practice in the slaughter pit and have the cook slaves – and Dee-Ann – drag away the carcasses. But Dee-Ann’s favorite among the warriors were the knife dancers.
“A cleaning slave who works in the North Tower. He was told that night after the banquet to prepare a bed chamber. And this morning he was given some very strange things to put in the ante-room.” Tran explained.
Fresh blood leaked from the tear, seeping into his soul. He did not want a beautiful face. Not if it meant he was precious to women like Maeghara. Or Derubeis. Or all the women like them who sold beautiful boys like him for gold. He realized then that wherever he went, his beauty would be a curse. The ripening that Maeghara had waited for so lustfully was upon him. Even in Et-Novakar – city of cities – there would be cruel, lying women like Maeghara with gold in their eyes and lies in their heart who would notice a beautiful he-brat with a ripe body and flowing golden godbraids.
On the sixteenth day, the landscape began to change from flat to uneven; with deep ravines and steep hillsides. Dee-Ann gasped and stared. Everything around the village was flat, flat, flat until the sky met the earth. Maeghara had taught him a new word. Mountain. But she assured him that these were not that. He sighed. He could not imagine anything could be taller than these. But Maeghara gave him her word and he trusted that.
He must have stirred, for Castiel chose that moment to look up at him. His beautiful blue eyes were wide, and every light that wasn’t in the stars shone in them. A slow, lazy sort of a smile beamed at him, and Dee-Ann tightened his arms around him.
But if the women had been strange, they were nothing compared to the sheer absurdity of the men. Castiel could only see two in their party. But they drew more than enough attention. The dresses they wore were dark blue, with light blue bands of decoration and decorative seams. It was difficult to discern the cut of the garment from a distance, until the two men passed right in front of him and Castiel could see that the dress – without the clasps holding them in place along the sides – would’ve been easily three times the length of the man wearing it; before being hitched up to create three tiers to the garment. The effect was striking, but it also obscured any hint of the shape of the body underneath. Such decorative concealment seemed to the be something of a theme. Their sleeves were winged and heavily embroidered in with silver thread and what looked like tiny gold coins sewn along the hems. The men walked had tucked their hands into the opposite sleeve, so Castiel could see nothing of their fingers. But what drew the most attention were their faces. Or rather,
“As if he would ever have divulged such intimacies to me.” Gabriel said with a dry chuckle. “No. A slave died while washing the choker. Apparently the fool had mixed lemon juice with the soap. The poison bled over his hand and….” Gabriel paused to make a sweeping motion over his neck with his thumbnail. “I was presented with the necklace, now missing the stone. It was only when I consulted a jeweler to have it mended that she revealed these weren’t stones at all. I did a little digging and came upon a set of letters from our Grandfather’s Mima. They explained everything. Our Grandfather fashioned himself as quite the Poison Master himself. You know he never approved of Father marrying our Mother. Evidently his disapproval of the match went a bit deeper than anyone thought.”
Ashar’s hands became fists. Ugly feelings struggled in his eyes. Dee-Ann knew he wanted to unfold his fists and slap his beautiful face. But he did not dare. He said he could beat him, but Dee-Ann knew he could not. If Derubeis could not beat him, or make Maeghara beat him; no
He turned to leave, and Dee-Ann felt a wave of horror wash over him unlike anything he had ever felt. He didn’t remember thinking or moving. Only that suddenly Castiel was underneath him, and they were kissing. He mashed his mouth over Castiel’s with such force their teeth clacked together. He felt Castiel’s powerful legs wrap around the trunk of his body and his skin sang everywhere he felt his hands on him. Too many thoughts and emotions warred within him for any one single coherent thought to claim his attention. What was left was only instinct. Only want. Only need.
They made camp a finger before lowsun, and Dee-Ann went to work helping the cook prepare food. He watered the camels and cleaned all the tools before eventually sitting down by himself behind the cook’s carriage and eating his food. It was simple food, stringy meat and corn bread with a cup of sour-dry wine. But it filled his belly and that was enough. He kept a heel of the bread, with a bite of meat, and poured the last bit of his wine over it. This he placed reverently on a stone a little away from the caravan, piercing the pad of his thumb on the blade of his knife – which he still kept always tucked under his clothes – and squeezing a fat drop of blood over the food.
“You are welcome Dee-Ann. Now eat. The sun flies up and we must be on the road.” She said returning to her own meal. Dee-Ann leapt to obey her word, stuffing sweet corn cakes into her mouth.
"You have breached the quiet time." The Godspeaker said in an inhuman voice. "Your sin offends the God!"
siblings’ namedays, when they made their public debut. Did you even know that? No.” Gabriel said and Castiel understood that this was a time for him to be quiet.
It was only at that moment that Castiel noticed the blade tucked into a wrapping around his forearm. Dee-Ann followed his gaze and whipped his hand free of Castiel’s.
He was still in the bath when he heard Gabriel’s voice from outside the door, ordering the slaves around and jabbering with the Mima.
Pinching the bridge of her nose, Maeghara toyed with a beaded godbraid. “Bajadek Warlord has two daughters, and bears no love for either….” She said slowly as though thinking aloud. “She is a lusty woman. She could yet bear a third daughter worth loving but….”
"Very pretty." I said Rubi with the monkey still clambering all over her arms and shoulders.  "That was a pretty dance."
I can show him levels of pain you can’t even imagine.” Gord-Ahn said, his own breath coming a little harder.
“Better not.” Growled the man, and then the slap of goat hide on wood as she shoved the kitchen door aside and left. The man rolled his head until his red rimmed eyes found what they sought unde the kitchen table.
As Dee-Ann’s eyes roved over his body, he almost felt some small semblance of insecurity. He was not as muscled as Dee-Ann. What if he did not find the sight of him to his liking?
“Of course my Lord.” Tran said with a grave nod, his voice practically dripping with humility. “Shall I add a bottle of that Verneese wine you like? Dates can be so cloying.”
"Not all magick is bending light boy. That is a talent bred into your veins. Mine is a different magick. A power derived from blood, and meat, and bone." she said.  Castiel could not help the revulsion from showing on his face as she lifted the entrails to her face with a meaty squelch. He'd read of Harrowspexy in books. But he'd never seen anything remotely like it. Their power was fuelled by organic matter and with it they could perform any number of terrible and incredible things. From reading the future in entrails to making effigies in the likeness of a person that could be used to torture them from afar.
"Gabriel. I've been looking down at this city all my life. Why are we going into the Bone Slums?" he asked. He could hear the fear in his own voice. But he didn't care. Every city has those parts not spoken of in polite conversation. For Et-Novakar, it was the Bone Slums. Despite the significant size, this area did not have a sufficient business or trade to warrant District status. And its inhabitants were far too varied. Hailing from all corners of the kingdom, the Slums were filled with people who had come to Et-Novakar seeking a better life and finding only more of what they'd left behind. The result was a kind of nowhere/everywhere soup flavored with every foreign dialect, culture and less than legal Trade. Pleasure Houses bartering flesh. Smoke Dens. Apothecaries. Anything and everything was on offer here, for those willing to pay the price, and take their chances. And through it all like rot through a tree ran the signs of poverty.street
1.	Sam is mentioned but not named for reasons that will become obvious. It is important to mention that for the purposes of this story, Sam is OLDER than Dean. He will feature at some point. You guys will have to wait a while though. Sorry.
“There’s a storm coming.” Tran said. “One that’ll lay waste to this world. And you. Your family? You are right in the middle of it.”
It was instinct. Something primal. A marrow deep certainty that he was under threat. That nameless feeling like an animal knowing a storm was brewing on the horizon. That made birds take flight and a tortoise to retract into its shell. The unspoken sense that kept villagers close to the fireside at night. The feeling that screamed….
There was a Godpost Dee-Ann saw, a little further along the road. Tall and grim and scorpion carved, with a white stone crow at its top. No godbowl for offerings at its base. But a craggy lump of blue crystal. The traders halted their camels and the slave-train, and Dee-Ann watched as Maeghara dismounted the camel and walked to the Godpost. She removed two small carved cylinders from her robes and pressed them to the unremarkable stone.
Castiel bit back his response. Gabriel and their Father had never been close. And it still cut deep that Gabriel did not miss him the way Castiel did. Not wanting to delve into the matter too deeply, he busied himself with pulling off his red gown and dropping it on a table in his dressing rooms. He crossed the room and gathered up his favorite shawl, throwing it over his shoulders with a flourish; before digging out his hair hand by hand; before flinging himself into the closest chair with a huff. Oh to be a fly on the wall in that old bitch’s chamber.
"Do not speak to me as if I am your equal boy!" the Queen barked. "There are matters at play you know nothing of...." the Queen bellowed. "Li-illitur commands a fleet five hundred ships strong, and has an army of three hundred thousand spears abd swords and pikewomen at her command. That can make for a powerful ally or a deadly enemy. She will not remain a widow long. If she marries the son of another warlord...."
“He’s sleeping now. I’ve given him as much milk thistle as I dare, stitched up the worst of the cuts.” El-Don explained. And in the firelight, Dee-Ann could see the man’s fatigue. His face looked drawn, and there were a few faint lines around his eyes he didn’t think had been there before. Dee-Ann understood again just how close he had come to losing Castiel. He wanted to hold Castiel’s hand, but didn’t reach for it with the man El-Don standing right there.
"Has been my faithful servant for many years. I found her when she was just a girl living on the streets of a city on the other side of the known world. I took her in, raised her to be my companion, my daylight guardian; and as has occasionally been necessary....my food." Gord-Ahn said in that same chillingly cold, detached way.
Dee-Ann was practically shaking against him as their bodies rocked together. He gasped and murmured in wordless, almost helpless awe and that went a very long way to making this all worthwhile for Castiel, whether or not he ever got any substantial physical enjoyment from it.  Seeing and feeling Dee-Ann come completely undone against him like this was ... it was nothing short of amazing.
"Pretty thing. I see why you're so fond of him." Gord-Ahn said in an oozing voice dripping of honey. Dee-Ann wrenched his head to the side and Gord-Ahn's eyes
He would cut his flesh with stone, and let the dogs taste him, tear him, devour him first. The Trader reached out her hand, her flat palm soft and pink, and smoothed it down his thigh, across his buttock. Her touch was warm and heavy. She glanced at the Woman.
Castiel went through the motions of his morning prayers. Lighting bunches of incense and throwing a fresh log onto the fire. The room was cold, or perhaps it was merely imagined. He installed himself in front of the polished mirror. It was a relatively new addition to the antechamber next to his closet. But tradition demanded that once he came of age that he be gifted a mirror. This one was a large disc of brass floating like a rising sun between the outstretched wings of two kneeling angels. Its surface was polished to a high shine so he could see his reflection. Even though he looked less and less like himself every day when he looked into it.
Derubeis chut-chutted under her breath. “I should have had my wish many highsuns before now!” she said. “You should have called for a litter! The Trader’s District is still such a long way!”
Before he could speak, she was lifting him up and onto the camel. Air hissed between the short Trader’s teeth. “Ten silver pieces? Did you have to give so much?”
The hair he would keep to help him make a fire. He knew how. The Man in the village had often used handfuls of his own filthy, matted hair to light the oven.
“You want to lie.” Dee-Ann said flatly. It was clear from his voice that he did not like this plan. Lying offended the God. And he remembered the Godspeaker in Et-Banotaj with her hand of power. If he lied for this girl and was caught he would be smitten just as those two drunk Traders had been.
Dee-Ann had taken to imitating them, in the shadows of night when no one could see him. He used a stick instead of a blade. But he found that the motions of knife dancing were not so different from the dances he had learned from the Stupid Tutor. He was gratified that after the first few days, his limbs remembered their grace and suppleness. After a few days of carefully watching them as they drummed the earth with their feet and cut the air – Dee-Ann knew mot of the hotas by heart. There were only few of them he could not perform. Most notably, a complex maneuver called the Wayward Son.
“I had no stomach or mind for music today. And I’m certainly in no mood for dancing.” Castiel said honestly.
“Tran. It’s alright. Really it is. We’ll get through this together. We don’t choose who we love….”  Castiel said.
They must talk of something else. Raking his mind, he put together his words the way she’d told him he must. “How far…is Et-Banotaj?” he asked.
He watched his own face twist into a grimace of disgust and instantly schooled his features. He would have to get a lot better at hiding his feelings if he was to face the next few weeks. There would be delegations aplenty from every corner of Mijak, anxiously scrutinizing his every move for a kernel of gossip. The messenger from Li-Illitur who had arrived the month before to deliver her Troth Idol had caused a stir already.
“A garden? Of what? A garden of corpses? A garden of bones? You are insane. Utterly mad.” Castiel said unable to his his disgust.
No sooner was he safely hidden behind the doors of his chambers than Castiel began tearing at his outfit. Comportment and protocol be damned. He needed to be free of this now. His hands clumsily found combs in his hair which he tore free. They fell from his hands. He couldn’t breathe. Gasping for air, he pulled at his stomacher to no avail. The infernal lacings were too tight. Defeated, he fell to the floor, giving himself over to wracking sobs and desperate sniffling breaths. His eyes swam and his heart hammered against his ribs. The tightness in his stomach, in his chest, in his head….it was too much! He tried one last time to draw breath into his none; but there was none. He felt himself fall head first as if into a great swirling void.
“Light blind me Tran what’s gotten into you?” Castiel asked when they were alone. Tran knelt at his feet looking a mixture of flustered and worried.
“A simple Body Servant who knows when one the Courtiers didn’t clean their teeth in the morning.” Castiel said thickly, pushing a swath of hair out of his face. “Now tell me. Or I’ll have you flogged and flayed.”
Despite everything, Castiel found he’d slept well. By the time Tran shook him awake gently, proper morning sunlight was already shining in through the windows.
“Oh that no one is the history of the world has or will ever feel your pain. Could ever understand….” El-Don said pausing to chuckle. “Don’t worry, I do not pretend I was not just so. I thought myself so wise when I was your age no one could tell me a thing either.”
He was wrong. The man had brushed his hair sometimes when the Woman wasn’t looking. Not often though, and not for long.
“It is unwise not to heed a Godspeakers’ warning.” Said Maeghara. “From Newsun we will travel straight through Et-Jokriel to Thaklikar in Et-Mamiklia. And from there, over the border into Et-Haravelle. Haravelle Warlord’s treaties with Et-Novakar will keep us safe. Till then we are prey for raiding warbands.”
“May the Light find you and See you always. May it keep you in its Protective Eye.” The intoned together.
-their faces. For nothing of their face or hair was visible. Thick veils that were completely opaque hung over their heads and shoulders, all the way to the waist. Nothing of their faces could be seen save for a tiny strip cut into the scarf to allow them to see. They wore similar woven headdresses to the women, only theirs were much finer. Hung with more ropes of coins and metal tassels, they wore heavy necklaces and overtop to ensure the scarves obscuring their faces would not be affected by any wind.
Dee-Ann crawls up his body, letting Castiel’s limp arms pull him in for a kiss. Their tongues danced lazily for a few moments before Castiel pulled back. “Now you. What do want? I’ll do anything…” Castiel said still sounding tired. But the hard layer of lust and sweet night time promise beneath the words sent a shiver down Dee-Ann’s spine. He hadn’t even considered his own pleasure. He’d been too caught up in Castiel.
“Hush Dee-Ann. It is the God’s work and not for questioning in the world. That way lies madness.” She said.
“Stupid boy! What do you think you’re doing haring about all hours of the night without an escort?” the Captain barked. Castiel felt his blood boil.
Daring to continue on to the next hallway, he passed a small copse of guards changing their shifts. One of the women even nodded in his direction; but then immediately returned to speaking to her confederate. He fought the urge to smile. This newfound invisibility was something he could get used to. After a few near misses, the pattern of the guard patrols became clear; and therefore easy to avoid. They patrolled in twos, moving in a pre-determined pattern through whatever area they’d been assigned that meant there was a fresh pair every fifteen minutes.
“The Warlord’s House and all those who had dared to follow her; was weeded out root and stem and sacrificed to the God. Our mother raised house Haravelle to the status of Warlord and….things continued as they always have.” Gabriel explained. His voice was flat, disinterested; as if they were discussing the wetness of water or the heat of a candle flame.
Built over seven hundred years before, in the time of Hadassa the Merciful; the legend went that Michaelangela – the greatest architect of her Age – had designed the entirety of the Great Keep around her Chandelier. And in its honor, she built the great Eye. At the time of its construction, it is said to have been the largest window in all of creation. Over a thousand slaves labored night and day to bring the Mistress’ vision into reality. Even all these years later, the chandelier was a pinnacle of Et-Novakarian mastery of the art of sculpting light. Made up of over a million individual wings of glass, so thin and fine they seemed to rustle like the leaves of a great tree; they hung suspended on gossamer threads of steel so fine they were all but invisible. That it was breathtaking at any hour of the day was no question. But once a year, at highsun on the first day of Summer; the light shone through the Eye at
“Please.” Gord-Ahn said with an expression of utter boredom, looking as as if he was tired of playing with this particular toy. “It was hardly a feat of cunning to see through that ri-
“What there is of it.” Said the Trader. She turned. “He is not diseased Rubi.” She said almost imploringly.
” Castiel shouted pushing the Godspeaker back down to the ground. He kept his hands outstretched in front of him, his tattoos blazing to life; pure golden light shining from them and burning in his eyes. “Speak it again and I will see it put out!
Dee-Ann frowned. He did not want to. She had insulted him powerfully. He had hit her. And she was a woman. He was not sure she was not just luring him inside so she could exact her revenge without anyone close to see. But the only alternative was to make good on his promise and sleep somewhere else. His only option would be the cook’s cart, which was already full of the slave brat. That left sleeping with the goats and sheep in the dirt.
Dee-Ann stared as the warband drummed their way to Et-Mamiklia on their dusty sweat streaked horses. They were beautiful those warriors. As beautiful as he was in their way.
level of education. Also, if it was a stranger; why bother disguising their voice? Or hiding their face? No. That the voice went to such lengths to keep hidden, indicates that Kufu would have recognized them instantly had they not. That means someone familiar. Someone from
. Unlike the Godspeakers who performed their miracles in service of the Light; little was known of what all Dreamweavers were capable. And while this mystery added to their legend, it also made them the subject of much distrust and speculation.
“But he is ill tempered!” her short friend argued. “Undisciplined and wild! He will be troublesome Mega.”
That night, after dinner Dee-Ann curled up with his eyes closed as he listened to Maeghara and Derubeis talk Trader business in soft, urgent voices.
that there was – it would be in some secret place. Kufu would have had to be present for evening offering. Castiel had to presume he would keep to his routine, in order to avoid arousing suspicion.
He lay with his eyes closed, feigning sleep. He could feel the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end and he shivered as he felt ridges of goose bumps erupt over his shoulders and down his arms. Like scales of fear spreading over his sweat slick skin.
So he went – taking slow steps and scuffing his shoes on the stones of the open area as Maeghara and Derubeis walked from sight – stinging and frowning; but he went. Obid rapped her stick on the ground.
The second however that he reached the bottom of the ladder, he knew something was wrong. Very wrong.
“Don’t change the subject Castiel. Something is going on with you and I want to know what it is.” Gabriel said already sitting down in a rustle of skirts. The gown he was wearing was a dusky violet shade that went nicely with his eyes, and his legs – though shorter and stockier than Castiel’s – were shown off nicely by the sky blue trousers and boots he wore. Castiel felt a twinge of guilt. Gabriel had obviously gone to some effort for their luncheon and Castiel had forgotten altogether.
"Of course. Why else do you think they are here? I have four sons who have just or will soon come of age. Light willing, I shall arrange suitable matches for all of you before the year is out. " The Queen said.
But she would send for him soon, she had to. And then they would walk this world together. He understood why she hadn't sent for him.
“Tell me you’re not stupid enough to believe that...” Gord-Ahn began, but was interrupted by Dee-Ann from behind.
"And if House Sha-Tan is among them you mean to sell me like a common slave whore?" Castiel spat. "You would send me to my death. For some alliance?"
“Please. She was the Captain of the Libertine. In the twenty years she managed to evade the stockade, she and her crew murdered, pillaged and raped a bloody swath from the Narrow Sea all the way to the Southern Isles….” Castiel trailed off. “Did you really find her journals?” he asked.
"Unavoidable." she said, dipping the braided string into a bowl of what he could now see was blood - by virtue of the freshly killed crow next to her - blood in a bowl in front of her. He could only assume his seed was mixed in with it. He did not want to ponder that too deeply. The apparentack of any disgust she had to working such things with her bare hands was disconcerting to say the least. The string was added in with the rest.
He had been stupid then. A stupid child who had dreamed stupid small dreams for himself that fit into what he believed to be a larger destiny.
“You can put that down.” She said swallowing, pointing her chin at his knife. “You’ve nothing to fear from me. In fact I’d wager you’ve never been safer in your life.” She added this last almost as if she was speaking to herself.
Obid came and poked the slaves with her spear until they stood in a line at the edge of the pen. The Godspeaker walked up to the nearest one, and held the stone so it was within easy reach.
“Not Maeghara’s get?” he arched thin eyebrows at the others as slaves led by the hairless woman entered the room bearing leather buckets of steaming water. "He is pale. Perhaps a Northern father?"
“The Light sees Et Novakar my Lord. It sees us in its Bountiful eye.” he said touching his fingers to the gold disc he wore at his throat, and then to his forehead.
"Hear her out Cassie. You walk out that door, that's it. Your fate will be sealed. And once you come of age.....at least agree to listen. Please?"
“I won’t! She will teach little Hooli bad manners.” said Derubeis sounding terribly offended. “Maeghara you should sell this one before we get home.” A bright blue stone carved into a single staring eye, dangled on a chain around her neck. She clutched it with stubby fingers. “There is a darkness about him.”
“He thrives. I’ve apprenticed him to my Mima. The bees were his idea actually.” Gabriel said with a fond smile, indicating his costume. “I daresay his fondness for cherry tarts is beginning to show around his waist. But you know, there are a great many women who like a little something extra on a man to hold onto on cold winter nights.” He continued pulling a face. Castiel smiled. Something had frayed between him and Gabriel for a while after the business with the Harrowspex. Gabriel had sworn high and low that he’d had no idea the cursed witch would go to such lengths. And while Castiel believed him, it had been difficult for him to be around his brother for a long time. Though it had proven impossible to stay angry with him once Castiel had seen the gusto with which Gabriel had taken young Lu-Cas under his wing. In the space of a month the boy had shot up nearly a foot from proper nutrition alone. And despite Tran’s words still ringing in his ears about the cost of a slave braid, every time Castiel had seen young Lu-Cas he seemed to have a wide smile on his face. He would never be anyone’s idea of a beauty, but Castiel could think of far worse fates than learning to be a Mima.
Hello all! I'm so sorry for not posting anything new in forever. My laptop crapped out on me and fuck Covid-19. Anyway, expect part two of this very soon.
‘Not like me’ he thought. He counted to woman slaves, three men and four girls. No he-brats. They were taller and darker skinned than the people of his village. Their features were wider, on the whole they were shorter and stockier. One of the men was even fat. Now that he was closer Dee-Ann could see he was young. Only a little older than Dee-Ann himself. He did not carry himself like the other slaves. His hair too was different, he had no red slave braid. He had no godbraids at all. Rather his hair stood away from his head in a thatch of wiry black curls. Dee-Ann had seen this before in the village, when the Godspeaker had punished a village girl by shearing off her godbraids and offering them to the God. The man-boy had water in his eyes and running down his cheeks. He was crying. Dee-Ann scoffed. Wasting water. For what purpose? He was stupid to cry. Did he think tears would melt the chains from his wrists and ankles? Why did he not sit proudly? Prove to Maeghara that he was worthy of her coin. He looked up at Dee-Ann with a pathetic expression. His eyes were blue and clear.
"I well remember your dire predictions. Your lofty claims that a force powerful enough to derail the world had entered into our midst. Yet still we languish. None of your visions of gloom and death have come to pass. You speak with conviction, but your are dust before the God." Bobarak said staring into the flames.
Bringing his arms down so they were at shoulder height, he aimed his light directly at the Hearth; blinding the thief; who threw up her hands around her head as if to shield herself.
