Sherlock shrunk into his seat, humiliated.
John turned to see Lestrade running up to him.
“Sherlock,” John hissed.
“Holmes,” Sherlock said, extending his hand. “I believe you are expecting me.”
John wasn’t tempted by the offer of money. Sure, he wasn’t a wealthy man and he could really use the cash and he didn’t know if his new Dom would provide for him… but it wasn’t a proper way to start out a relationship. He liked to think he had some honour and he wasn’t going to sully it by spying on someone he was supposed to trust.
Sherlock held his hand still as John moved over it. John traced lines on Sherlock’s bones, drew outlines around Sherlock’s fingernails, pushed harder over the pad of Sherlock’s thumb. Sherlock’s digit moved with the force, the pricks would be darker there.
John chuckled at Sherlock’s antics before groaning. Sherlock had found a sensitive spot on John’s shoulder, right above his scar. After sucking a mark there Sherlock examined the skin thoroughly. John had multiple surgeries to try to repair the damage. He knew it still hurt John, that it got locked up when there was bad weather and it would ache for days if he landed on it.
Sherlock had added to it. He included the proposal and John saying “yes” and them keeping bees on the rooftop. He’d stopped there, not wanting to include the wedding both because he didn’t want to give his plans away and he didn’t know what type of wedding John wanted.
“Mmm,” he moaned. He tongued around the bars, tasting the sharp tang of metal along with John’s skin.
“You’ll have to get shots,” Sherlock said. “We should have taken you to A&E.”
He thought about Sherlock’s song, how it sounded like they were back to the beginning again. How he couldn’t tell that there was all that loneliness and pain in the middle. Sherlock had forgiven him completely and John realized that he was able to forgive himself too. Sherlock was happy and John couldn’t hold them back without making the song sad again. His orgasm was not toe-curling. Just a gentle wave washing over him.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John on his nose.
Sherlock sucked hard, causing John to gasp.
Sherlock pouted but didn’t argue.
Then he moved the wheel down Sherlock’s cheek, over the side of his jawbone, down his neck, over his collarbone, and up his shoulder. As John scissored the wheel up Sherlock’s arm Sherlock tensed, clearly resisting the urge to squirm. As the pins moved over his veins, making red marks over white scars Sherlock gasped. John realized the discomfort he was causing and he moved the wheel to the side of Sherlock’s arm, making a beeline for his pinkie finger.
Sherlock tilted John’s head up and kissed him. The kiss started slow, just gentle presses of lips. But Sherlock started licking the seam of John’s lips and John allowed him into his mouth. He let Sherlock have control and Sherlock took John apart with just his lips.
“Relax,” John said, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s. “You’ll enjoy it.”
Nearly senseless with sensation Sherlock didn’t seem to hear him.
Instead of bringing the feather down over the top of Sherlock’s thigh as was logical John went back along the side of Sherlock’s abdomen and returned to Sherlock’s nipple.
Sherlock looked like he’d been cornered. After a second his whole demeanour changed and he was aloof. “I have no specific qualms regarding a sexual relationship. If anything the data will be useful to the work.”
Sherlock huffed and sputtered indignantly. “At least I chose something I thought you’d like! You show up here looking like that and have the audacity to tease me.”
Mycroft had his sub abduct John H. Watson off the street. He waited in the warehouse, sitting on the chair getting text updates from Anthea. She had him, he was trying to chat her up. Mycroft frowned at that. Sure, Anthea didn’t have a collar but she was wearing his ring. And she was a sub. Could John not see that or did he not care?
Updates on Friday.
“One of the terrorist groups took credit for them this morning.”
John’s knee rested on the bed while he kissed Sherlock’s forehead. “Tell me if it’s too much, ok?”
. How odd. Sherloc wondered if the labels told other Terrans their jobs. Watson had been written on the rover and their Terran's suit. Perhaps he was a mechanic of some sort?
if he was lucky he’d live. He’d have to. He couldn’t die. It wasn’t possible. He was too smart, too remarkable. He was an unappreciated hero, and heroes don’t die.
Sherlock searched the internet for John H. Watson. He didn’t come up with anything useable. John was a common name and the surname didn’t help weed out enough people. There was always the chance that John didn’t have any social media accounts, like him.
Since I have to play catch up I'm putting in some of my old writing for this chapter.
“Really?” John asked hopefully.
Sherlock getting fucked was turning John on. This whole thing was depraved. Sherlock moaned around James’s cock and started worshiping it. The weight on his tongue, the shapes of the skin under the latex, the heat, the
John keened a high pitched nasally sound.
He did like it. He liked all of it. He liked how his fingers were spread wide, trying to keep him from sliding forward despite his arms and side of his face already pressed into the carpet. He liked how his legs were splayed apart, knees slipping so Bill had to hold him up if he wanted to keep fucking him. He liked the burn in his arse. He opened his eyes and once he met John’s gaze again he said, “I like it. Give it to me!”
“Look, I know it’s not an interesting case but everyone’s off for the holidays and we just need him to run some evidence at the lab. It’ll take all of five minutes,” Lestrade said.
“Not at all,” Sherlock said. He was actually looking forward to it.
John grumbled something about being late and accused Sherlock and the sex for it. Sherlock watched from the window as his John left the flat and walked down the street.
John wasn’t thrilled with the danger score.
This one, though, had real promise.
They laughed together.
Sherlock had to spread his legs wide so he wasn’t too tall. He had trouble thrusting and he kept slipping out of the slick channel of John’s thighs.
“It’s not… I’m not… It’s just…” John ground his teeth in frustration. He twisted his fist around the sheet.
“Ah!” the tip of the dildo rubbed his prostate. He arched his back and the laptop teetered dangerously.
Sherlock froze. He looked up at John. He was serious.
With a deep breath, John tried to focus the conversation. “Well, I went over there but no one answered the door. Called Mrs Hudson but she said she was visiting her sister, been there for a week, and hasn’t seen Sherlock since you took him on ‘one of his little family outings.’” John couldn’t help but use a mocking tone when he borrowed Mrs Hudson’s euphemistic phrase. He didn’t understand why Eurus was still alive, let alone why the whole family visited her regularly.
“It really sold the relationship. I’m assuming you said we have separate rooms because we’re taking it slow?”
He trusted Sherlock, though. Sure, Sherlock experimented on him occasionally but never with anything that had lasting consequences. He was careful, methodical and always made sure John was ok after. Much like he was being with John’s bites and scratches.
“Watson? Yes, I have your results here, looks like you’re positive for chlamydia. I’ll write you a script for some antibiotics.”
Sherlock smirked at him before offering him a bite of tiramisu from his fork.
“Sherlock,” John squeaked.
“JOHN!” Sherlock’s turn to shout, this time.
Sherlock was torn between disgust and intrigue. It was horrifying and yet ingenious.
“I missed you. Every day, every
who can't be blamed for any remaining errors, since I change things every five seconds right up to posting.
“Thank you, sir,” Sherlock said.
“I picked some up when I got the cage.”
“See what?” John demanded.
The Dom gently and gracefully slid John’s ring into place.
She took a deep breath and said, “You haven’t been through second puberty yet.”
John stood and took Sherlock hand. Instead of leading him to the bedroom Sherlock led John to the bath, where the tub was filled with steaming warm water and bubbles.
“I’ll see about moving the bed,” Sherlock said.
“Did you tell him I was coming?” John asked Mike.
The funeral for Mrs Hudson’s sister was nice. Not as nice as the fake one for Sherlock had been, or the one for Mary. It was good and John was able to stomach the ceremony. Mrs Hudson cried quietly on his shoulder as people spoke until it was her turn.
Sherlock screamed as he came, making John’s ears ring. The come shot up the bed. He twitched and writhed and he was still coming when John realized he should probably turn off the massager.
Fingers ran over his nipples and he drooled around the cock in his mouth. “Mm!”
Well, Sherlock was right, he didn’t have a gag reflex.
“James, it’s fine, he likes it,” John said. He was scowling at Bill but then he looked back down and smiled.
“Fuck!” John shouted.
Sherlock emerged, looking delightfully rumpled. He yawned and mussed his curls. He didn’t say anything, just turned on the kettle.
Sherlock frowned. “I don’t want to give sex with you if you’re not going to come. Wouldn’t that hurt?”
But the monsters could fly. They snatched him out of the air and pulled his body apart.
Inside was a smaller clear bag and inside that was a headband with Pikachu ears and a tail. Attached to the tail was a… butt plug.
“Yes,” John said. He took Sherlock’s hand as they walked out.
at him.
“Fuck,” he said. He was so cold he could be fucking John and he’d still have trouble. He tried to wiggle a little, get a stream of water to warm up a bit and he slipped, just barely catching himself on the edge of the tub.
“Can I fuck him?” Bill asked.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, “keep still.”
“You may now command your sub.”
“Fuck,” John gasped. “Rewind it,” he demanded.
"Sherloc hasn't found their One yet. The laws are clear."
“What do you want?” John asked, looking coyly over his shoulder.
"You've gotten attached, haven't you? You know it's not human, right? As the medical officer, you should know better than to bring an alien life form onto the ship. Unless it's controlling you somehow." O'Murtagh's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Is that it? Has it contaminated you? Maybe after I dissect it I'll do the same to you."
Sherlock snarled and left.
I'm amazed by the response to this story. A big thank you to everyone who commented, kudoed and bookmarked. You are all really motivating me.
"That one is for food," their Jawn explained.
“Sherlock?” he called.
Before Sherlock could get too excited John turned around.
“Get checked,” Sherlock ordered. “I have an experiment I want to run on diet’s effect on semen’s taste.”
“Please, sir.”
“You may now command your sub,” the official said.
Sherlock saved the video to John's desktop. It might come in handy later.
“Condom?” John asked. He wasn’t sure whether they needed one or not but it was always better to be safe than sorry.
“Now what?”
“Yeah, fuck, ok,” John agreed quickly.
The fog was clearing and Sherlock mourned its loss. It’d be harder to take the blows without it.
“John?” Sherlock asked, looking up at him, open and trusting.
“I’ll give you a blow job.” John smiled. It was clear he had intended to say that in the first place.
He’d deduced the size of John’s cock, had seen his trousers tented, had even seen it flaccid on occasion. Never had he seen it exposed and erect. His heart rate sped up.
“Thanks,” he said, trying to keep the disappointment out of his tone. “And, as a wedding gift, can you just apologize to Clara and try to get through the divorce. Don’t let her antagonize you.” He added that last bit so it wouldn’t sound like he was taking Clara’s side. He knew his sister was the antagonist (most of the time).
Sherlock was still asleep when John came out of the shower so he decided to get the shopping done. If he could manage to escape without a list from Sherlock he could usually get what they actually needed instead of forgetting everything they needed to eat in favour for stuff that Sherlock would use to blow up the toaster.
“Uh,” John said shakily.
“Well, that makes sense,” he said.
He knew they couldn't be a human person, regardless of what they looked like. They'd survived for over five minutes on Mars's surface without a suit. It was still daylight out but the temperature had to be near freezing. Their breath had come out in frosty puffs when they spoke to him.
John did it again, more confidently. Without pausing John circled his hole with his tongue.
(See the end of the chapter for
John checked his claws, they were sharp, recently polished, he unfurled his wings, stretching them, he checked his armour, every piece was in place across his face, neck, and chest. His armour had been silvery, a mix of several metals polished to a high shine when he’d first gotten it. Now it was dull brass colour covered in scratches and nicks from battle. The helmet had holes for his thick grey horns and had spikes around them. His spines along his back and tail had been polished, sharpened and the tips coated in metal. The edges of his wings had metal with spikes to protect his bones, the membrane was left uncovered, they hadn’t yet worked out how to protect the skin there without impacting flight.
It’s an odd curse but John’s learned to live with it. There’s not much else he can do, really. No one knew where the curse came from so he couldn’t get it removed. Ever since he first put his hand on himself and brought himself to orgasm he’d turned. Was he cursed at birth? Was it something he’d been cursed with as a child? Had he just been born this way? The way to remove it is different in each case, dangerous, and expensive. It isn’t worth it.
But John was like a drug. He hadn’t been upset when Sherlock deduced him. He had smiled. They’d shared a moment. Sherlock couldn’t help wanting to know all about him, how does he take his tea? (With milk, but is there sugar?) How does he sleep? (Not well. Could Sherlock fix that?) How hairy are his toes? (Need more data.) What does his semen taste like? (Design experiments around John’s diet.)
“Cheeky,” Sherlock said with a smirk. It seemed like John was more comfortable than Sherlock thought.
John kissed his cheekbone to get his attention and Sherlock turned so they could kiss each other.
John leaned back, freeing Sherlock’s hands, and Sherlock felt the condom ripped away from his cock.
“Anything on?” John asked. Sherlock must be checking their email and the blog for cases.
So, when John was so deeply asleep he wouldn’t mind a little jostling Sherlock curled himself around John’s body, putting John’s head on his shoulder, tangling their legs, wrapping his arms around John’s body, closed his eyes, and fell asleep.
Test 1: n:-2.7, s:-6.3, d:0
“Of course, I do.”
. Go check out her fics! :D
John stared at Sherlock with an open mouth.
But Sherlock didn’t hear him. He was reading John’s inviting moist lips.
Next, John checked the bedroom. It had John’s old bed in it as well as the furniture that didn’t fit in John’s room anymore and all of John’s boxes that he’d wanted to keep were there as well. John decided he’d go through it later and move everything to a proper place.
All the while Sherlock was out there, kidnapped, and resources that could be finding him were being squandered on him.
“Sorry,” he said, unsure of what else he could say.
Sherlock had a plan. He’d done a lot of research. He’d wanted to propose at Angelo’s or maybe the Chinese restaurant they’d gone to after their first case together but both Angelo and the internet said that was a bad idea. Sherlock didn’t want John to feel any pressure to have to say yes to save Sherlock embarrassment and he didn’t want John to say yes but then say he didn’t mean it when they got home.
The profile painted an interesting picture. John was not a trusting person. The profile painted a picture of a man who was cautious. Perhaps he’d had his limits pushed or broken before.
“Please, please, please, please,” John chanted, lowering his upper body to his elbows and dropping his head onto his forearms.
He knew what he was supposed to do theoretically, he’d been through all the sex ed classes in school and med school and the refresher with the counsellor, but now that it was time to put that knowledge into action he was frozen.
Christmas was miserable, Sherlock decided. He had come to this conclusion before, many times. There were more people out and Christmas music was on all the time and murders seemed to cease. Sherlock didn’t understand it, whenever he had to spend the holidays with his family he frequently contemplated murder.
Sherlock strode out into the living room and interrogated the client. It was a boring case, the spouse was having an affair, and although there might have been some features of interest, there was a little something there about with whom she was cheating, Sherlock didn’t care. He had something better to occupy his attention.
“Normally you’re not this dim,” Sherlock said.
“I can finish myself, you know,” he said darkly.
“Sit down then,” Sherlock whispered.
“I know I’m not traditionally attractive though quite a lot of my ‘fan base’ as you put it finds me bed-able.
The texts blurred. John was torn between screaming and throwing the phone against the wall, and curling into a ball and dying with the device pressed against his chest.
“Christ,” John giggled. He looked up at Sherlock, eyes alight. “You’re incredible.”
knew. There was also a little fleck of dried come on John’s jaw. Most people wouldn’t notice, and if they did they wouldn’t know what it was. It looked like a patch of dead skin. Sherlock knew better and he was wondering how he could get John clean and have the spot remain.
John looked over and saw that Sherlock had turned to his back while he was talking, and was looking up at the ceiling. He was so uncomfortable with emotions. It made John melt a little to see how Sherlock cared.
James moved as if to kiss Sherlock but paused just before their lips met. “You think he needs everyone to focus on pleasuring him?” he said to Bill.
“So, I believe he conned you into a scheme. Got you to go along with him because you’re in a tight spot.” Her
Sherlock felt as John’s hand slid down. John chuckled when he found Sherlock half hard.
The ridiculousness of the situation gets to them and they burst out laughing. John’s giggles are uncomfortable at first but watching Sherlock’s huge grin and many chins change as he chuckles John laughs harder. Soon they’re both howling and Sherlock’s wiping his eyes.
“Don’t you want to go to the crime scene?” John asked, changing the subject.
“Don’t leave,” John said once the moment had passed.
Yet he was the most beautiful man Sherlock had ever laid eyes on. Sherlock wanted to peel him out of that uniform and take him to bed.
“Green,” John said.
“What was that?” he asked.
"I'm not, I'm trying to talk to my crew."
“What?” John asked. Why was the tub full? If Sherlock wanted to bathe him shouldn’t it come after?
“And I’ll—”
“Are you complaining?” John asked mischievously.
His hands didn’t shake when he opened it despite the dread he felt.
“Masturbate until you come,” John said.
Sherlock scrambled to his knees before John could finish his sentence, only slightly hampered by the bar. He flinched when a cold dollop hit his hole. John teased, circling endlessly before finally pushing in with only the tip of his finger. He held it there, moving back when Sherlock tried to push back and be properly breached.
“Cock, I want your cock,” John said. He needed something more than a finger. Though he was pretty sure he’d come as soon as Sherlock entered him.
The sound of her kitten heels clicked as she went down the stairs.
John searched the internet for William Holmes, William S. Holmes, William S. S. Holmes, and W. Holmes with no luck. It was like the man didn’t exist. Sure, there were a few William Holmes with social media accounts but their photos made it clear they all either already had subs collared or were subs themselves.
Sherlock’s hand was large on his prick. John knew he wasn’t small but he looked that way when Sherlock worked him. In the light from the moon, Sherlock’s skin was ghostly pale. But the palm was warm, a welcome shelter from the chill in the air.
"Yes, I think so."
“I’m a mess,” he said. “I think we need to stop falling asleep while cuddling.”
Sherlock whimpered and went back to panting. But he didn’t look away. He couldn’t. He wasn’t going to beg, he wasn’t going to plead for John to let him come. John would make him come when the time was right. He closed his eyes at the thought.
“Well, sexy army doctor, if you’re going to live here then you should know there’s only one bedroom.”
He looked wrecked.
Sherlock looked at him, frowning. Then he grinned. “Are you jealous?”
“Get up so I can prepare you,” he said when Sherlock met his eyes.
Sherloc followed their Terran throughout the wreckage of his ship. They wanted to touch everything but their Terran had told them not to touch anything and they didn't want to touch the wrong thing and kill their Terran. They were getting sick of calling their Terran "their Terran." It made it very difficult to ignore the fact that they'd claimed him.
“Yes, sir.”
John guessed that Sherlock was going to be pretty noisy so they went upstairs. John set his tools on a nightstand away from the bed so they wouldn’t get tipped over.
John sipped tea and tried to empty his mind. He thought he heard the bathtub running but he figured it was just Sherlock washing the riding crop. He’d hurt and abused Sherlock during their relationship. He knew Sherlock forgave him, everyone forgave him but himself.
“Sherlock already driving you nuts?”
He needed to say something honest, to show John his trust in him. And hopefully, earn his trust in return.
Sherlock arched his back, oh, yes, this was nearly perfect. Sherlock wrapped his hand around John’s forearm and squeezed.
Shite.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock corrected.
The man was clearly at a loss on what to make of Sherlock and handed over the envelope stiffly.
Sherlock rucked John’s shirt up, his hand sliding up John’s ribs. John broke the kiss to pant into Sherlock’s neck, nibbling and kissing and forcing Sherlock’s hand out from under his shirt and onto his groin.
“Wait, why isn’t there a slide…” John said, choosing the exact wrong time to be observant.
“This is a war zone!” he shouted in exasperation.
John was relieved, he let go of the breath he was holding. “Ok, that’s ok, pet. Just keep moving the sound.”
Then Sherlock looked up and met John’s eyes.
James came up next to Sherlock. He wanted to have Sherlock lie back and thrust into his mouth but Sherlock needed—no, that was nonsense, he
John whined, a high-pitched sound, and assumed the position. Sherlock’s commands were growing stronger, he was losing control and John was barely clinging to sanity himself.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, needing his dom to be closer.
Sherlock hissed. It felt good, but it was too much. He needed lube if this was going to continue as long as he wanted it to.
Sherlock mourned the loss as Bill and James moved away to put theirs on. But John provided a good distraction. He was stroking Sherlock gently as he positioned himself on his knees, his breath hot through the condom. He licked a stripe up Sherlock’s cock and looked up at him. Sherlock just blinked down. John smirked and winked before taking Sherlock into his mouth.
John shifted, nudging Sherlock so he could sit on the mattress and see the screen. He took Sherlock’s lube and with a tongue peeking out from between his lips he worked himself.
Thankfully the maid of honour came in and shooed him out, cursing him for making Rosie cry and consoling the overly emotional bride.
“Mycroft?” John rubbed his hand over his face. He didn’t quite believe Mycroft was here, standing on his doorstep.
“Remember that porn we were watching?”
John had masturbated while he was using the toilet.
“Why the hell can I not capture a Ditto?!” he shouted.
“Alright,” he agreed.
John had never asked; he’d just assumed because The Woman had texted. If she wasn’t texting because it was Sherlock’s birthday, then why?
She caught the top one and pursed her lips and glared at him occasionally as she read.
James’s lips were dry, chapped from dehydration and the sun. But his tongue took advantage of Sherlock’s open mouth and Sherlock was lost in the sensation. James pulled Sherlock against his sweaty, muscular body and started pawing at his arse.
“Yeah,” John said.
Sherlock watched John’s back ripple with every movement. The way his head fell and his hips rolled.
“You’re ruining everything. What have I told you about dusting?”
She didn’t bother putting on a mask, even going so far as to say her thoughts aloud, “He’s good-looking, and in the military.”
Bill was brushing Sherlock’s prostate perfectly, John’s tongue was a sin, and James was yanking on his hair hard enough for it to hurt. Bill’s fingers started digging in and Sherlock could feel him getting close. Sherlock worked his hand around James’s cock and it stiffened.
He wanted to stay and get to know John better. He wanted to have more sex with John. He wanted to fall asleep next to him. He wanted to trace every line on his body, map his every freckle. He wanted to know what John did every day. Become part of his routine. He wanted to come back with John when he got his leave. To show John his flat. To…
“I can’t go again,” John said when Sherlock pulled back for a breath.
Sherlock slid up John’s cock and thrust his own cock deeper. Then carefully took more of John’s cock into his mouth and slid his own cock out. He slowly worked himself into a rhythm, hands gripping hard to keep a writhing John Watson in place.
Feeling a little impish, Sherlock swept John off his feet and carried him bridal style. John wiggled and yelled and Sherlock was reminded of the cat that caused this whole mess. The shots had energized John but not so much that he was able to free himself.
Sherlock had just given Lestrade his statement when the alarm went off and John announced it was the last pill. John had lied to Lestrade and the other officers, saying Sherlock had exposed them with one of his experiments. He’d discussed this with Sherlock beforehand. John hadn’t wanted to blame Sherlock when he was actually the one at fault but Sherlock had insisted that it was the most believable lie and had told it to Greg the next time he saw him.
As he said the words one of Sherlock’s legs fell to the side and John hit Sherlock’s prostate head on.
Making a noise of disagreement, Sherlock slowly and gently took John’s hand, stroking the top and causing John’s fist to relax. “I hurt you,” he said.
Sherlock had never been in this position. John was deep, his hips snapped against Sherlock. Sherlock looked up and saw fire in John’s eyes. It made his toes tingle.
He groaned as John thrust against him, grinding himself to full hardness against Sherlock’s arse.
Sorry, I know I’m late. I went out to dinner then saw Bohemian Rhapsody. It was good. :)
Sherlock licked at the seam of John’s lips and John groaned. He opened his mouth and wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neck to pull him closer. His other hand grabbed Sherlock’s lapel and pulled.
He kept up his righteous anger all the way out the front door and was still huffing angerly when he stood next to Sherlock.
Sherlock read John’s body language. Oh, he thought Sherlock was pitying him.
“Sherlock, was it?”
With it the thief's paths made sense. He was robbing houses around pokemon gyms. He could sit and case the places and no one would find it suspicious.
John felt his hackles rise.
Before he was even recovered the tongue was back. This time it circled his hole.
“Now, fuck your hand,” John ordered.
"She's been murdered. Somebody wanted it to look accidental," the creature stated as if it was boring but there was a light in their eyes. "What's that?" They pointed at the communications equipment.
John did his morning ablutions, rolling the thought around in his brain as he shaved. If Sherlock were bisexual, did that mean he was interested in a relationship with John?
Sherlock wouldn’t meet his eye. He couldn’t. Not while he was like this, illogical and insane.
Then his phone rang and Sherlock realized why he had woken in the first place.
“Careful!” John said to James. He pushed on Sherlock’s shoulder and forced him down slowly, impaling him on James until James bottomed out.
“Four, five, six!” Sherlock bucked with the blows as John laid three down on one spot on his other cheek. The butt plug was jamming into his prostate instead of smoothly dragging across it. Sherlock could already feel a puddle beneath his hips.
John was dizzy. He could barely catch his breath. His lips slid against Sherlock’s, Sherlock claiming them, tasting them, nibbling on them before licking fiercely. John opened his mouth, gasping, needing more and Sherlock’s tongue entered his mouth. He tasted like honey. John wrapped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head, holding him in place as he licked inside Sherlock’s mouth.
“You’re beautiful,” John gasped.
“Look,” Lestrade’s face was pinched and he looked like he was at the end of his rope. “Sherlock is a great man.”
“I’m in the middle of things here… I like being in the middle of
In the end he just wiped the tears from the screen, set the mobile aside, and sobbed into his hands.
“Oof.” John winced.
“What?!” Sherlock squawked.
“Good,” Lestrade said.
“Last five, then we can play with something else.”
He hated this system. He hated everything about it. He hated what it did to his parents, he hated what it did to his sister, he hated that he was actually looking forward to seeing his Dom because he couldn’t pay his bills and he was a mess mentally and physically and he hated that he missed having someone telling him what to do.
“Yeah, he does,” Bill said from over his shoulder.
, Watson, but if you think I'll let you go down as the first man to set foot on Mars you're wrong," O'Murtagh said.
in his arms but O'Murtagh didn't answer.
John gaped at him.
As John watched the shiny metal sound slide slowly into Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock took the package upstairs and hid it with his disguises.
And John’s mood, which had improved with Sherlock’s laughter, plummeted. This fake relationship was starting to feel like a one-sided romance. He decided to distract himself.
Was this one of Sherlock’s brother’s tricks? A cab didn’t really seem like the stuffy man’s style.
Sherlock groaned.
Sherlock looked up at that.
"You've already spoken to them," O'Murtagh concluded.
“I am, sir,” Sherlock said between pants. John required a response to each of his questions. It was a test, a reminder to use a colour if it got too much. Sherlock didn’t have to answer, exactly, just form some sort of word.
Ignoring him, Sherlock reached into John’s pants and started stroking his cock.
Suprise!
“Give it a minute, get used to it,” John said.
Sherlock knew that John would want some sort of revenge for making him come in his pants when he still needed to go out and couldn’t take a shower. Sherlock just wasn’t sure what form that revenge would take.
Maybe, after that whole thing with Mary, John had finally forgiven him. He had moved back in, after all. And he seemed to be better after he handed Rosie off to her biological father. That man (what was his name again?) from the wedding. Sherlock was livid on John’s behalf but John just seemed relieved.
Client! Sherlock popped up and ran to their room to get some clothing on. John ran into Sherlock’s room too. Sherlock looked at him, brow furrowed in confusion.
“Arugh!” Sherlock arched his back and flinched his foot, drawing it back sharply so it pulled against the restraint.
“No, I mean, do it right this time.” John definitely didn’t want to relive that either.
The puddles mixed before starting to sizzle and eat into the wood floor. The exact thing he hadn’t been able to accomplish for days and now he didn’t even know how he’d managed.
“Tell you what, you change into that purple shirt and I’ll figure out something else. I don’t think I’m cut out for beards.”
“Holy fuck,” John said. “I can’t believe you can do that. I always thought it was impossible.”
“You’re well suited for each other,” John said.
Sherlock stood and dug around in his bedside drawer. It didn’t take him long to find his prize.
“Want a finger?” Sherlock asked, resting his cheek against John’s arse.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve needed one for ages.” John started taking off his clothes.
Hollowing his cheeks John looked up at Sherlock causing him to swear. John rubbed the spot just under the glans with his tongue as he bobbed and felt Sherlock’s testicles tighten.
“Oh!”
“Jooohn,” he moaned.
Thank you
“John Watson,” Sherlock said, finishing Mike’s sentence. He took John’s phone and started fiddling with it. His thumbs moved quickly and John snapped his open mouth shut and tried to stop staring at Sherlock.
“John,” Sherlock gasped as he moved his legs back and forth against the cool sheets.
“And you don’t have a key to Baker Street?” Mycroft asked innocently.
“You’re thinking of my brother. Call me Sherlock.”
“Shhhh,” he said before planting a kiss on John’s forehead.
“God,” John said, and he was looking at Sherlock with that
“Since you insist, I’ll attend the wedding. When is it?”
As he browsed he worked his cock, spreading lubricant and working himself up to full hardness.
A deep voice rumbled an incoherent complaint.
John had the buttplug in and had used the flavoured lube to put it in.
“Condoms?” John asked.
“Nnngh,” Sherlock said, tongue deep in John’s arse. He swatted John’s hand away.
The airlock beeped and the creature jumped as if it'd been shocked.
“Sherlock?” John walked around and lifted Sherlock’s head up. Sherlock met his eyes.
Sherlock finds this almost alarmingly more arousing than what he was watching. John’s eyes are dark, pupils dilated, lips red and moist, the cock between his legs half hard.
Jawn stopped and turned around. His thumb and forefinger were pinching the bridge of his nose. "Can you stop asking questions for a bit? I'm worried about my crew and I have a headache."
“Dad?”
“Oh,” John said. He hadn’t considered that.
“E-eleven!” Sherlock had to grab the mattress in order not to slide off it. He felt a line of pain across his calves. His legs shook and threatened to give out. John gave him time to recover.
“Me,” Sherlock gasped.
“No,” John said.
Blood stained where Sherlock had fallen and John started sinking, the sand impeding his progress. He needed to get there. He couldn’t let Sherlock die. Not now.
“Ah, ha!” He held it up for John to see.
The scene I’m describing in Sherlock’s porno is from my fic:
In response Sherlock nuzzled down John’s neck, burying his nose under John’s collar where he hadn’t washed. He smelled, John, his scent strong under the clothes he was still wearing from yesterday.
Ten points to you if you saw the pun.
He spread John’s legs wider and laid down on his back, taking John’s caged cock into his mouth. He worked the plug and John’s cock leaked into his mouth. He sucked and rolled the flavour over his tongue.
Sherlock hovered as John dressed for work. When John pulled on a turtleneck he argued and when he lost he pouted. Of course, he understood that as a doctor showing up to work with a throat covered in marks was unprofessional. He just didn’t want John to go to work in the first place.
John ignored her for the moment and opened his door, intending to chase Mycroft down. All this talk about trusts and estates and funerals… it sounded like Sherlock was dead.
John scratched the beard on his chin. “I’d decided not to marry unless it was the love of my life.” With a grimace he mislead her. “And since the love of my life died… Well, I wasn’t lucky enough to have two loves. I only got one.”
"There was a malfunction..."
“I’m seeing Molly, actually,” Lestrade said.
"Follow me, and don't touch anything," John ordered the creature. He paused, it seemed wrong to call a sentient being "creature."
Sherlock tried to slide onto the floor but John caught him. Sherlock hissed as John pushed on his welts and bruises.
“Or porn,” Sherlock said.
was just the type of story that they’d gossip over and laugh.
"Yes." Jawn started talking to himself, "Is anyone there? Can anyone hear me? O'Murtagh, you there?"
He was braving the crowds today, putting up with the lights and sounds and people to find a Christmas present for John. He had been thinking of an antique doctor’s bag but after John losing his job—and it being partially Sherlock’s fault (though not really)—Sherlock rather thought it might be a bad idea. Everything he thought of while he was in the flat he’d discarded. He thought that maybe, if he went out, he’d stumble across something.
John was feeling rather brilliant. Light feathery touches to one side of his body and sharp pain to the other. He never pressed hard, never drawing blood. But he knew it could hurt, like when John dragged the wheel over Sherlock’s bony ankle.
“Sherlock?”
“I prefer to text.”
Sherlock deduced that John had gone over to his house, intending to pack it up so he could sell it. He didn’t want to waste money on it now that he didn’t have a job. He’d done two—no, three—rooms before starting on Rosie’s.
“You’re thinking about leaving me behind again,” he accused.
There was something about John Watson. He had originally assumed that Sherlock felt like he’d be forced to have sex with him. But, once Sherlock started talking again he figured it out. That Sherlock was afraid. Sherlock would have never admitted it to anyone and he was quite embarrassed about it. But John didn’t tease him.
“That’s a minute, ask me for it.”
The bands were simple white gold and he had the date they met 29-1-2010 engraved on the inside. He thought maybe there was some clever line or something he should include but he hadn’t realized just how much he loved John until he was away and by then he was too late. He wasn’t going to include anything about second chances on the ring, though he was grateful for them.
He shattered.
“No, pet, I’m fine. Scoot up and hold your feet out.”
John felt a pleasurable shiver go down his spine.
John tried not to grind his teeth too loudly.
“Great!” the counsellor chirped, breaking the spell. “I’d like a follow-up appointment in a week, cover any problems you two are having and see how you’re settling in. What day is best for you?”
“What’s going to happen to the building?” John asked as he helped Mrs Hudson pack her things.
Beta provided by
“This is a horrible idea,” John said, his voice slightly muffled from where his face was pressed against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Give me a minute and I’ll take care of that,” he looked down at John’s tented trousers.
And immediately after, it pinged again.
John frowned again. “But, could you change her text alert sound please?”
His chest tightened again and Sherlock was forced to admit his heart was throbbing. Juvenile, maudlin, impractical and just… stupid. He wasn’t in love with John, he couldn’t be, not yet. But with every second spent in his presence the possibility grew.
“Couldn’t anyway,” Sherlock said. He’d tried it before, his legs always got in the way and he couldn’t get it in his arse properly if at all and if it were the other way he didn’t fancy breaking his nose against the headboard if John got too vigorous. The dido was small enough that it was a concern.
“He’s here,” she said.
Sherlock groaned.
Sherlock bit his lip and whined out of his nose and so John moved up. John bypassed Sherlock’s cock, dragging the feathers up along the sides of Sherlock’s abs, tracing the inside of Sherlock’s rib cage and tangling the feathers in Sherlock’s sparse chest hair.
Well, that was a problem. Sherlock would need to get John a Christmas gift. They’d gone shopping together before, and to Sherlock’s horror, he realized he’d be dragged along this year too. Getting gifts for Mrs Hudson and Harry and—shudder—Mycroft.
“Mm,” Bill hummed an affirmative before nibbling on a spot James had bitten.
He’d indicated that he wasn’t interested in some things but that was meant to indicate that a person didn’t require that from their partner but would be willing to do so if they liked (as opposed to a limit which meant it wasn’t happening or there needed to be extensive discussion before it happening).
“Right,” John said, irritated that Sherlock had gone off on another long dangerous mission and left him home. But, what could he do? He couldn’t very well go with him, not now that he had Rosie.
Sherlock relaxed, between the angle and his hand James couldn’t choke him. He closed his eyes and wiggled.
John choked on his wine.
"Terran," they concluded. Then they started pulling on the fabric of John's suit, tilting their head and mumbling to themselves in a language John didn't understand.
“Yes!” Sherlock interrupted. He removed the last item he was wearing (a sock) and threw it over his shoulder.
“Is that what?” Sherlock asked, pausing.
“Please,” Sherlock begged after John had been silent for a full minute.
John grinned widely. “William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes.”
“No, don’t lie. I know that look. I saw that look in your eyes before you jumped off that building and I swear to god if you do that again, if you try to leave me behind I will… I will…” John stammered trying to think of a threat.
“I am,” Sherlock said, looking John straight in the eye.
There were other notes in the file. Sherlock had gone to see a therapist - Ella, in fact. Her notes were handwritten, paper clipped together under a cover sheet.
Sherlock wanted to meet up but he wasn’t making sense. It was almost as if he were running away. John needed to clarify.
“Oh, yes.” Mike was surprised. “Do you know each other?”
“I’ll see about getting an estate agent tomorrow,” John said, standing among the many boxes.
Sherlock moved down, mouthing John’s testicles before kissing the little lock only he had the keys for. He smelled something. Something fruity. It was the flavoured lube.
John frowned. When had C been converted into a lab?
John started the shower. Sherlock had wiped him with a wet flannel but he didn’t seem to have done a proper job because John still felt itchy. Sherlock seemed to be a little put out that John wasn’t hard but John wished he wouldn’t be. Just because he didn’t come didn’t mean he didn’t enjoy himself. It made him happy to get Sherlock off.
“Mycroft!” John shouted from his door and he knew he didn’t imagine Mycroft wiping his eyes as he got into the sleek black car.
John had said yes!
“John Watson, will you make me the happiest man on earth and do me the honour of marrying me?”
“God,” John moaned. Sherlock pushed his feet as wide as they’d go in the restraint and angled his arse up, pushing into the bed and making a scene for John’s enjoyment.
John started unbuttoning his shirt, holding Sherlock’s gaze as he did.
His mobile pinged and her text told him they were pulling into the building now.
It was nearly enough to make Sherlock blush.
He attached his buttonhole, making sure the flowers sat perfectly. Mummy would skewer him if he didn’t do this properly.
Sherlock’s back was aching and his abdominal muscles were cramping. Still, he kept his pace. John had to be getting close.
Sherlock figured that if John didn’t want to get married again he’d politely decline and their relationship would carry on like normal. Sherlock wouldn’t mind if John didn’t want to marry him after what happened with Mary. As long as John stayed by Sherlock’s side Sherlock was happy.
“Yes, I think. Sir,” Sherlock said stutteringly.
“I’m not an omega! I’m not!” Sherlock shouted at her.
“It will make you feel better.”
John turned, hoping that Sherlock had just gone to get lube but Sherlock was sitting back on his heels. Cheeks pink, eyes side and bright.
“Slide down and bend over the bed, pet.”
Sherlock tried to hold in a laugh but he couldn’t, he broke into laughter and John started giggling. Mary wasn’t a beard, not really, but god, she hadn’t suited John at all! They fell against each other and the wall of the entrance to Baker Street. Sherlock started mocking some of John’s old girlfriends and John was laughing so hard his ribs hurt. They slid down until they were sitting on the floor, arms wrapped around each other.
He arched his back while Sherlock nibbled on his nipple.
“Does that turn you on? The thought of you doing this to yourself?”
“John Holmes-Watson, huh? Very well, I’ll humour you and be Sherlock Holmes-Watson,” he said as if it were a big sacrifice.
The man caught him and Sherlock struggled as the man placed him in a chair.
“You’re huge,” Sherlock groaned as James let go of his hips and John let gravity work Sherlock down. John had used a nearly excessive amount of lube. It would have been too much had Sherlock not already been fucked for so long.
John started working his hand counter to his mouth as he bobbed up and down. Sherlock was vocal, moaning, groaning and calling John’s name.
He didn’t have an answer.
Sherlock lifted his feet and John manhandled them out of the way so he could take his spot on the couch. He lifted the remote and turned on the television. Sherlock rested his feet onto John’s lap and opened one eye to take a peek at what John was watching. It was some drama, boring. Sherlock closed his eye and went into his mind palace.
“Maybe I should sleep upstairs.”
“Oh!” Sherlock gasped.
“Can you move it?” John asked.
He was so involved with his thoughts he hadn’t noticed that his father had left and was shocked when he returned, saying it was time.
To his horror, Sherlock picks him up and carries him down the stairs and into his room. John is left only to fume at the absconding of what is, as far as Sherlock should be aware, John’s property - also again. Sherlock shuts the door and opens John up.
“You just made me come in my pants,” John said. “That was ridiculous. That was… That was bloody amazing is what that was.”
Sherlock looked up at John, needing assurance. James had prepared him well, there’d been no pain, but there hadn’t been any pleasure either.
Mrs Hudson nodded happily and set about making tea.
“Like it rough, do you?”
The vibrations made John harder, a feat that he hadn’t thought possible. He lost control and thrust forward, his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head.
He was a great brown dragon, much like John. Though, John’s brown was lighter and sandier. Like sand, John had spots in a mix of yellows, dark and light browns. John was their medic, but he was still combat trained. He had fantastic control over his dragon fire and was more accurate than a lot of dragons with his type of weapon. His range wasn’t long, though, and his skillset was too valuable to waste on putting him on the frontlines.
Was it possible that John—
Sherlock threw his head back and laughed, giving John a lead in the race up the stairs.
John clicked the button and Sherlock jolted as if he’d been shocked. Sherlock leaned back on his elbows, bowing his chest toward the bed. John swatted his pushed up arse and he made a high pitched squeal John found incredibly hot.
“Good morning,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s neck.
written across its suit. That Terran raised the pipe and was about to bring it down on their Jawn's head. The Terran O'Murtagh was clearly the Terran female’s killer.
Sherlock’s whole body stiffened at John’s words.
John gave all the information he had to the Dom on the line, and the dispatcher declared he was,
“You like it, don’t you? Look, your cock is starting to get hard.”
John rinsed and stroked Sherlock to full hardness.
He knew he was supposed to let the counsellor lead the appointment but when she handed over the folder that had John’s information in it he couldn’t help himself. He descended upon the information like a man starved.
He could hear voices and he figured John got held up by Mrs Hudson. He flopped back onto the bed and sighed loudly. He mentally willed John to come up the stairs. The door opened and shut and Sherlock waited, listening, but he only heard Mrs Hudson puttering around her flat, no John.
“John?” he looked around blearily. He was in his flat. He’d been kidnapped and taken home.
John felt his face heat but couldn’t help the giggle that escaped. Sherlock started chuckling and soon they were both laughing, heads pressed against each other, finally stopping with a kiss.
After a bit, John said, “That’s a minute, ask me for it, Sherlock.”
He seemed embarrassed and Sherlock wondered how John would feel if he knew that Sherlock knew he’d been aroused.
Before John could castigate himself too much, Sherlock rested his hand against the back of John’s neck, rubbing gently. “I wasn’t complaining,” he said with a filthy smirk and a pointed drag of his hips.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed in concentration and he looked up at John, meeting his eyes.
“Not impossible, just improbable.” Sherlock’s whole body hurt. He needed to do some stretching before he tried that again.
John needed something that showed that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock. That he couldn’t imagine his days without Sherlock in them. That Sherlock was the love of his life.
“Damn it, Murray,” John said. “Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?”
And, of course, Mycroft knew just what he was thinking. Taunting him, even.
“If you wanted to do sex-periments you could find someone off the street. You could have told me going into this. You could have not lied to me!”
John felt his cock stir and mentally chastised himself. Now as not the time!
Sherlock chuckled.
“That was amazing. That was the best blow job of my entire life. You’re brilliant,” John said breathily.
“Christ, Bill really did a number on you. Let me see—”
Sherloc felt The Pull and ignored it. The Terran was obviously male, and clearly a born Terran, not one of their species in disguise. Even though they were intersex right now Sherlock was determined they were a male. Their One couldn't be another male, right? Besides, no one had ever had a One that wasn't their species. Sherloc pointedly ignored the fact that they'd already claimed the male Terran as their own and that the Terran had saved their life for no reason.
“Good?” John asked Sherlock when Sherlock glanced up at him.
Sherlock looked confused and so John pointed to the device.
She nodded. “I don’t remember him, at all. Though he used to babysit me. Mum used to say he never married because he was in love with Martha. That he was waiting. She thought they were soulmates.” She smiled at the term.
Sherlock glared at him.
John didn't have any. O'Murtagh had them in a standoff. John would probably survive longer than Sherlock since he had a heater in his suit but eventually the oxygen in his suit would be used up. The craft had limited oxygen reserves and John didn't know how much had already been used. They couldn't afford for O'Murtagh to open that airlock. It was possible the other airlock was closed, that this was a bluff, but the second door was more likely damaged.
Then John’s back arched and he screamed. His muscles clamped around Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock was almost forced out.
“Oh, hello, dear,” she said. “Would you like some tea?”
Christmas Eve, John had some sort of plan for them. Sherlock was happy to go along with it so long as it didn’t interfere with his own plans. John had reservations at Angelo’s and Sherlock was worried he was going to try and propose. He’d been worried and Sherlock hadn’t deduced why until John started acting smug. John hadn’t had a Christmas present. But, now he did. And he was proud of it. It was the same expression he saw on his own face when he thought about his present for John.
“Yeah? Me too. Clara wants me brought up on charges, says I’ve been emotionally abusing her. Have you ever heard such a crock of shit?”
“Nnnnguh!” Sherlock cried out and tried to reach for his cock.
He had John at his mercy.
“Wha?” John asked. There wasn’t much blood left in his brain and he was having trouble thinking.
Everyone froze. James stepped back and Sherlock’s mouth was empty.
John realized he shouldn’t be standing next to the bathroom door and left to turn on the kettle. It clicked off before Sherlock emerged and John made a cuppa for each of them and stuck some bread in the toaster.
Sherlock resisted the impulse to say,
“Come on,” he said. “We need to get you to A&E for those shots.”
“Fuck my thighs,” John said.
Fuck.
Next time is smut.
Sherlock looked at him, horrified.
“What is it?” she asked wetly.
“Don’t care,” Sherlock said and tried to pull John back into another kiss.
Sherlock always talked about keeping bees someday and Mrs Hudson had just had the roof reinforced. John had heard people talk about keeping bees on rooftops and if he could get Mrs Turner to go along with it perhaps he could get Sherlock the bees and could keep a garden for them himself. Then they wouldn’t swarm away and they could spend time together.
“Good boy,” John said and moved the feather’s down to Sherlock’s belly button. Sherlock tensed and released his abs as the feathers danced over them. John dipped the feathers into Sherlock’s belly button and Sherlock exhaled noisily but managed to hold still. “God, you’re gorgeous,” John murmured. He lowered the feathers, running them through Sherlock’s pubic hair. It was clear Sherlock wanted to move his hips, it must have tickled terribly so John moved on quickly. He dragged the feather down, moving to the side and running it along the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, ignoring Sherlock’s bobbing cock.
"My name is Sherlock," Sherlock said again. Their expression made it clear they thought John was a bit dim-witted.
Just as he thought that he passed a jeweller. He looked in the window and stopped mid-stride.
“Why’s she texting you?” John asked.
They made their way to the hospital lab and, god, Bart’s had changed everything. Could it be any clearer that he was old? Sleek computers, fancy digital equipment, things John had never seen.
“Bed,” Sherlock said, manhandling John in that direction.
Sherlock was flitting around John, his hands moving about, never holding still.
Porn :D
“Come, John,” he whispered in John’s ear. “Come for me.”
“I know you’re ready to go again and I don’t want you to have to wait,” John said, talking to Sherlock over his shoulder.
It was a good idea.
“Gently, now,” John said, his own hand roughly moving over his cock.
“I told him you were a saint,” John said, because, damnit, Sherlock was a good person.
John decided to let him sleep. He might pay for it later, Sherlock wouldn’t need sleep again until the case was solved, but he might stay up anyway so at least this way he’d get some rest.
It was clear Sherlock was desperate, his cock was fully erect, he hadn’t even touched there yet.
There was a thud from the bedroom, then another, then another, then the door was thrown open.
Sherlock slid back, impaling himself on the dildo. He hollowed his cheeks and sucked as he did, looking up at John through his lashes. John was biting his lip.
Sherlock smiled, thinking he wanted John to leave it. There was more come than usual, thanks to the prostate stimulation.
Bees!
Sherlock rounded on the counsellor, “You should have known better. Why did you have me command him?” He was distraught, with good reason.
Even better. “Fourteen. Please, sir, more, harder, please!” Sherlock shivered as he felt the leather tongue slide over his abused body. John traced it up and down his spine, dragged it over the plug. Sherlock writhed on the bed and humped the mattress.
“You think this is all some experiment,” Sherlock said. Before John could answer he said, “You’re right.”
“John?” Sherlock asked. What was he doing back there?
Once more I thank my beta
John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him, long and slow, keeping the rest of his body away so Sherlock wouldn’t touch him.
He made himself some food and did some tidying up and he woke Sherlock at eight.
“Well?” John asked when Sherlock came back online.
Maybe he was overreacting. Sure, he’d lashed out, but Sherlock sounded fine. Maybe it wasn’t as bad as he’d thought. Maybe he’d just held Sherlock down, and hadn’t hit him like he’d thought.
Sherlock did the same, throwing his clothing from his body as he followed John. He was nearly naked when John stopped and grabbed him. John kissed him soundly before throwing him back onto the bed.
He looked at his collar and sighed.
“We don’t really do Christmas presents.”
John’s mobile rang, Sherlock could hear the conversation.
Date shoes.
had him.
The brunette on the screen climaxed just as John walked over to see what he was watching.
He knew Sherlock was excessively possessive of him and he might have been upset about that if it a) didn’t result in fantastic sex and b) John wasn’t equally as possessive of Sherlock. He felt like growling as Sherlock released John, rolling over and checking his phone.
John quieted himself and gave himself over to Sherlock.
Well, that would be awful for him and awkward for his sub. On the sub’s side, there was one person, obviously an old army friend. He was wearing his dress uniform too and the government’s collar. He was on leave and was clearly the only person his John had been able to ask to his wedding.
“Greedy,” John chastised, though he had a point.
John’s hand went back into Sherlock’s hair. He didn’t fuck Sherlock’s face and Sherlock was glad for it. John just moved in and out, forward and backwards, letting Sherlock match his rhythm. Sherlock found one easily.
“I have some news.”
“Here,” John said and pulled out his shopping bag.
“Oh, fuck,” John said, and added his other hand too. They carded through Sherlock’s curls a bit before they pulled.
Sherlock thought. John wasn’t very receptive to commands outside the bedroom and he had a zero for danger and a positive score. They even tested him an additional time to see if he was a switch because of it. John, when in danger, wanted to give the commands, not obey them. Sherlock, with his scores, could make John obey him simply because he was more dominant.
“Condom, fuck me,” John gasped while Sherlock scissored his fingers inside him.
“We were at Sherlock’s flat. Your stuff is in a second bedroom. Before Sherlock, you were having trouble getting hours.”
“Thanks,” Greg said.
“No need for that,” John said. “Go sit down, I’ll give you a hand.”
Test 4: n:-4, s:-5.6, d:-1.9
“You’re going to ruin me, aren’t you?” Sherlock asked, his eyes glittering in anticipation.
He gripped John’s hips hard, digging his fingers into the flesh. He spun John and gasped. He pulled John’s cheeks apart to get a better look.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John. When he leaned back to look into his lover’s eyes he realized that he hadn’t got to watch John’s orgasm face.
John didn’t know what he was looking at. It didn’t make sense. These were the health records of someone who’d been tortured but they had Sherlock’s name on. Lacerations, how many stitches it took to close each one, broken bones, bloodwork indicating malnutrition and—
“How do you want to do this?” John asked.
John looked down at Sherlock, who was in the middle of a nap, and smiled. They might have gone the long way round but they ended up in the right place.
“Why, sir?” Anthea was startled and Mycroft understood why, he never cleared his schedule and he had an appointments scheduled. They’d need an excuse.
John pressed himself closer to Sherlock, going so far as to tangle their legs together. It was a little awkward, with their height differences and John’s position, but they found a way to make it comfortable.
“I don’t know,” the man admitted. “She started burning them as they came. I took these ones straight from the mail.”
"You needed help," John answered the question as honestly as he could.
“Uh, William—” John cut himself off at his Dom’s expression and tried again, “—Mr Holmes, I mean—”
He wanted back to those early days when it was just the two of them against the world. Sherlock was happy they were having sex but their relationship had broken when he jumped and it had never been the same.
There weren’t any. At least not yet.
“Christ! Ah!” John tried to buck forward.
“Ten seconds, nine, eight…” John reached around and pulled Sherlock’s nipple, rubbing it between his fingers.
“Oh, Dad!” she sobbed and held him tight.
“I’ll show you old man,” John growled.
John scooted across the bed, and with gentle touches rolled Sherlock over. John slid one arm under Sherlock’s neck, and the other he set on his waist. John kissed Sherlock’s spine, just at the base of his neck.
Sherlock chuckled and did as bid. He groaned as he pushed in. As he moved deeper Sherlock bent in half, capturing John’s lips just as he was fully seated.
“Check the drawer,” Sherlock said.
“Yes, but—”
Yep, I'm alive. Updates will be spotty, I'm trying to do about 5 million things at once. Haven't forgotten about this or anything else, I take down stories I abandon.
Poor Sherlock, all disappointed over dinner that John hadn’t looked him up while he was at work.
Sherlock moaned. It wasn’t sharp, nothing painful, but the sensation was unexpected. He ground his hips carefully, working John into a rhythm and keeping Bill’s hips pinned. He was using them shamelessly for his pleasure. An exact reversal of his previous position. He alternated between closing his eyes and watching the blond’s head bob. John didn’t look bored or annoyed with Sherlock’s antics. It was as if he was enjoying this as much as Sherlock was.
Don't worry, I have plans for Sherlock's arse.
Whatever had upset John was serious and serious matters required clothing.
Then John took a step back.
Sherlock rubbed his wrists, they didn’t hurt but he’d fought against his bindings while John was teasing him and it felt unnatural to be free. The blindfold was gone and Sherlock saw his body half covered in little red marks. They’d tickled as the wheel pricked him. Some had hurt but Sherlock was so worked up by that point he enjoyed it.
John barely heard the official’s words. Thank god he had practised or he wouldn’t have known what to say.
Sherlock shrieked and felt his legs give out. At the same time, he arched his back, throwing his head back. John watched, open-mouthed. This was the hottest thing he’d ever seen.
Beta by the amazing
I wrote this for a different fic that I ended up never posting. I tried to edit it so it fits the same tone. Hopefully you'll like it.
John brought the feathers up Sherlock’s right side again, wrapping around to the inside of Sherlock’s shin, stopping to tickle the back of Sherlock’s knee.
“Sherlock,” John gasped.
Sherlock hummed happily and the vibrations on John’s cock made him shiver.
So, Sherlock crawled in bed with him, peppering his face with kisses, whispering “I love you,” into his skin.
This one fought me. I'm glad there's a week till Christmas. Whew!
“Busy,” Sherlock drawled at Mrs Hudson.
Of course, he’d just orgasmed. He’d be too sensitive to have sex now. Sherlock didn’t feel he was aroused enough to be this addlebrained.
John’s tongue peeked out to moisten his lips and when Sherlock still didn’t say anything John’s face started to fall. He was thinking that Sherlock was having second thoughts about him. That Sherlock didn’t want him. As if he was somehow not desirable.
2020 killed this fic
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked.
He pushed John face first onto the bed before climbing on himself. John rose to his knees and Sherlock went back to licking around the plug. He could taste John’s skin along with the lube. It made him salivate. He licked the saliva and lube mixture up from John’s perineum, dragging his tongue up and lapping around John’s hole.
“Including a murderous cat,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock looked in the mirror, seeing pearly white come all over his face. John had gotten his chin in addition to the other parts. His curls were sweat soaked and his face and chest were flushed.
Sherlock looked at him, curious.
“Good boy, you’re such a good boy, Sherlock. You want the belt now or do you need a break?” John asked as he rolled his shoulder.
Then he remembered how she’d talked about Mr Hudson over breakfast and the stag night, how everything she said had grated on him, that he’d thought her silly, but they were just the same, weren’t they? John knew Mary wasn’t the one. He’d always known. He was just too damned stubborn. He was supposed to be the brave one - he’d been to war.
The men.
And, yes, that sounded amazing.
They shook their heads. But John wasn’t looking up. In fact…
Bill started biting Sherlock’s shoulder. He reached for Sherlock’s cock but John swatted his hand away. Sherlock cried out an objection but it went unheeded. Bill rolled and they fell off the cot. Sherlock landed hard onto floor, his arms protecting his face. He shouted as his erection was smashed.
He carefully extracted himself from John and put on his dressing gown. He padded downstairs to find he had eighteen missed texts and three missed calls.
It was like John had been waiting for the command. Like he’d been holding himself in check until he was allowed to go further.
"He's the murderer," Sherlock added.
Sherlock whimpered. He swallowed thickly before saying, “Please turn up the vibrator.”
“Why are you so short?” Sherlock grumbled.
me to marry Mary.”
“Don’t thank me yet, we’re not done.”
Still only using his hold on Sherlock’s wrist John spun Sherlock back around. After planting a firm kiss on Sherlock’s lips John released him and started removing his own clothes, tripping on the way to their bedroom.
Sherlock pulled on John's suit and John nearly fell. While he was stumbling, he saw O'Murtagh swing a giant pipe at Sherlock. "No! Don't hurt him!" John shouted once he'd found his footing.
They shared a mostly chaste kiss.
Oh, God! There was blood. So much blood. It was coming from his head. His head. Oh, God, that brain, that beautiful brain… John reached out; he could see the light fading from his friend’s eyes. John could save him, he just needed to get through.
Now that I'm done with the Advent Calendar fic I'll be updating this more regularly. Thanks for sticking with me! <3
“Patience,” Sherlock said, nipping on John’s ear. He moved his hand back under John's shirt and stoked up and down his flank.
“And?” John asked.
“Yeah,” John said. It wasn’t a lie, he was watching Sherlock’s hand carefully.
“Well…” Sherlock’s eyes flicked over to the candles John kept on the edge of the tub.
There was a lot they had to take care of first. Safe words, limits and John wanted to work up to that. He wanted sweet sex, romantic blow jobs and desperate frottage before he got into the more serious stuff.
Just barely holding in the
He blew out the candles and unplugged the drain.
John sobbed with relief when it was off Sherlock took it in its entirety into his mouth, warming John’s cock rapidly, causing him to cry out again. Sherlock worked John ruthlessly, tonguing at his cockhead and sucking hard.
Sometimes Sherlock forgot that John was so small. Each time he helped him up the stairs (which happened far too frequently for Sherlock’s liking), John’s arm wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders and Sherlock’s arm around John’s waist, he was surprised at how short he was. John had the incredible ability to take the whole room or be invisible.
Sherlock twitched but held his cock firm, just like John had told him to, and kept it from touching anything.
John was the one to break the kiss. “Fuck me, Sherlock.”
The plug was a little wider than the sound, especially around the ridges but John really wanted Sherlock to put it on.
“Needy, who’s my needy boy?”
again.
Sherlock woke and took a shower, taking extra time to make sure every curl was perfect and his shave was close and he hadn’t missed any spots. He put on his good cologne. Then he went and made John breakfast. He went to wake John and while he was getting up he set out the table.
Something hard.
“How very gracious of you,” John said.
John might have just gone with it except for the fact that Sherlock had a…
Sherlock did. He wasn’t watching the screen though, he was watching John palm himself through his trousers. What was happening? He had a methodical plan for seducing John Watson and this wasn’t part of it.
“Give me a colour, Sherlock,” John said as he ran his hand up and down Sherlock’s spine.
“Do you want to change or do you want food? We only have time for one,” Sherlock said. He could see John was uncomfortable in his uniform and that he hadn’t eaten at all in at least twelve hours. Either way, he was going to be very uncomfortable at their appointment.
It was easy for John to shake the command off. Like hell, he was going to leave Sherlock here!
It didn’t look like John was going to move any time soon and Sherlock was getting cold. He stood. John didn’t stop him so he went to his room to put on some clothes.
Sherlock pouted and looked put out.
John came in, rushing up the stairs to find the door to their flat closed and locked. He dug through his pockets to find his keys, simultaneously annoyed and thankful. He hadn’t seen Mrs Hudson since the couch incident and he really didn’t want her walking in on them in flagrante delicto—though it wouldn’t be the worst thing she’d caught them at.
“Yessssss,” Sherlock groaned. His testicles felt full and he could feel himself drip precome onto the bedsheets.
He lined up and slid into John slowly, holding John’s hips as he did, John fought his hold, trying to impale himself onto Sherlock’s cock quickly. Despite how loose John was and how he was bearing down, encouraging Sherlock’s progress, Sherlock was determined to take John at his own pace. He was also a little worried about hurting him.
John used his free hand to yank Sherlock’s hair, pulling him over for a messy kiss.
an understatement. Give me a moment." There was muffled shuffling and a bit of shouting on the end of the line before the American said in hushed tones, "What in the
John felt his pants get moist from Sherlock’s saliva. He groaned at the sensations. He didn’t want Sherlock to stop but he desperately wanted to pull Sherlock off so he could remove the damn pants and let Sherlock go to town on his cock directly.
A drop of spit fell from Sherlock’s lip, hitting his chin before running down his neck.
“Green,” Sherlock gasped and pushed the last little ridge in.
Sholto and John shared a look and after Sholto’s eyes softened John asked, “Are you sure, James?”
“Yeah?”
“Is it good?” Sherlock asked before licking John’s perineum.
John considered fighting the command, if he left he could give a good enough argument that he hadn’t been abandoned, but then the police might start searching for him and Christ, there was no winning. It wasn’t like he could trust any cab that pulled to the curb and he wasn’t sure where the nearest tube station was so if he could leave and contact the police to tell them where he was going he had no way of getting to his flat and his gun.
Once he could breathe again he looked up at John. He was getting sensitive. Was John close?
He ran the sharp pricks and cool metal of the Wartenberg Pinwheel along the outside of Sherlock’s right foot.
John relaxed at that. He was happy that Sherlock had friends. That he had people who cared about him, people he could talk with. He knew from Harry that being gay wasn’t easy and it was good to have other gay people to talk to.
John looped the scarf over the hook and pulled, indicating that Sherlock needed to scoot up the bed. Sherlock did and John tied his other wrist. When he was done, he checked to make sure the knots weren’t resting anywhere they’d do damage and that the bonds weren’t too tight.
John ran the wheel up Sherlock’s flank and back down, tracing the outline of each of his ribs.
Miffed, John took savage a bite of his apple. It’s not like he was being rude by offering, and Sherlock was too skinny. It was unhealthy.
John threw his head back and groaned. He reached between them and Sherlock felt pressure at his hole.
“I don’t see why she’s complaining, she had the best gossip at bridge and Mrs Turner and her stopped their feud complaining about the noise to each other.
Sherlock didn’t know if John just didn’t know how to tie such a knot or if he needed the reassurance that Sherlock wasn’t going to molest him. Normally he’d be able to deduce it but sentiment (and lust) was messing with his deductions.
“Sherrrlock,” he moaned and tugged lightly on Sherlock’s hair.
She flipped through the envelopes, sorting them into piles, and stopped at a bright orange envelope.
John must have come to the conclusion that Sherlock was a virgin and was upset about it. Sherlock was ashamed. He’d never felt the need to have sex, to trust someone with his person, to endure the messy swap of bodily fluids on the promise of endorphins. Planning a scene sounded boring and not worth his time. Masturbation worked quite well for him when he needed it. He knew that he was a freak, being a virgin in his thirties, but he hadn’t really cared. It wasn’t relevant to his work. On the few times he’d imagined having a sub he’d always thought the sub would either hate him or at best tolerate him. Never that they’d want to have sex with one another.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He spun and opened the door. “The address is two, two, one B Baker Street.” And with a click and a wink he left.
Sherlock wasn’t looking for something long distance; he didn’t do relationships. He’d taken the case to pay off a favour. Now Mycroft and he were even. He figured he had at least three days before Mycroft called asking for an update. After Sherlock was
“So sensitive,” John said. His prostate was sensitive and he got so much pleasure from John’s hand.
“I love you,” John said sweetly before giving Sherlock a kiss.
When Sherlock’s breathing evened out, John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s sparse chest hair.
Sherlock squawks when he finds himself with a lap full of naked John Watson.
John agreed. First Christmas together. Although he was surprised that Angelo knew they were together. Perhaps Sherlock had stopped by or one of his network had said something.
Then he pulled John’s shirt to the side and bit John’s shoulder.
John narrowed his eyes, thinking back. Who was Kate? Was that the redhead? The one who’d let them in? What did she have to do with anything?
“He said you were a great man,” John said. It wasn’t a lie.
John’s hand shook when he put on his Dom’s ring and he winced.
Still nothing.
Sherlock walked toward him and tripped over the leg of a chair, he managed to fall into it as opposed to over it so he counted it as a win.
“If you ask me that one more time I’ll throw you off this bed,” Sherlock growled. “Now, thrust!”
John had survived a warzone by trusting his instincts and they were telling him that something was wrong. But it wasn't about the creature in front of him (well, other than the fact that it obviously wasn't human). Something was wrong on the craft.
He touched Sherlock’s plush arse cautiously. He’d eaten out women before but he’d never gone
“What?” John asked, befuddled.
Sherlock had a slice of toast on its own plate in front of himself and in front of John’s chair. He took the honey and dripped it messily onto his toast, catching his finger in the process.
John’s POV
John didn’t want to read them. He set them in a different pile.
“Damn,” John said when he dropped his cane.
John pulled on Sherlock’s bicep and Sherlock got the hint. He shifted and wrapped his hand around John’s cock, pulling with the rhythm that James was pounding into him. He wrapped his lips around his teeth and started sucking hard.
The man Sherlock turned away in order to have sex was actually an embezzler and his cheating wife knew about this and so she’d gotten a cat and John really didn’t follow the rest. Sherlock wouldn’t explain everything properly until the case was over.
John laughed and went to get a flannel.
John followed Sherlock into the office. While Sherlock confirmed with their counsellor that they were in the right place John looked around the room. He’d been right to walk behind Sherlock. The coat covered everything and John didn’t have anything to stare at. And since his mind was on Sherlock he wasn’t imagining him either. John’s nerves were so bad and his leg was so painful that John didn’t have the mental energy to spare thinking about what was below the flappy woollen thing.
“Condom! Here,” James said.
“No sex until we finish our antibiotics.”
“On your knees now, that’s a good boy,” John said as he planted a kiss to Sherlock’s buttock.
Another slap and Sherlock felt a chill run down his spine. John still wasn’t holding back. “Two,” he said as his other arse cheek went warm.
“Why don’t you take the riding crop to me?”
he said to give himself a moment.
“I just need to make sure you’re not bleeding. And you need to flush your urethra.” John wasn’t into watersports.
Sherlock sighed. “I’m tired of this game, aren’t you? I turned you down eight years ago. It was a mistake.”  Sherlock was agitated talking faster and faster. “I tried, so many times, to tell you, to show you.” He stood and started pacing.
"Happy Christmas, John," he said when they parted.
Instead of moving along the inside of Sherlock’s thigh John dragged the pinwheel over Sherlock’s shin. Sherlock did nothing but groan as John moved over the thin skin.
He licked John’s slit.
Well, yes, there was that.
The zing down his spine when Sherlock licked then blew cold air over his nipple. The heat the pooled in his abdomen when Sherlock bit it. The sharp sting of his teeth biting down on his lip. The tension in his shoulders when Sherlock’s finger poked and prodded his hole. The slick chilly crawl of lube as it dripped from his hole. Then the burning stretch of another finger sliding in against the first. The light behind his eyes as Sherlock slowly stroked his prostate. Sherlock’s hot hard prick sliding along his own. Speeding, faster and faster. A drip of sweat on his face. Looking up to see Sherlock absolutely wrecked above him. His face twisted in pleasure, sweaty hair sticking to his forehead as his hips snapped against John’s.
Murray was tall, black, and yes, with that glance, Sherlock knew for certain, interested.
look in his eye—was getting John hard.
“Right,” John said. Something in his chest fell. He had somehow disappointed his Dom. Things weren’t going well at all.
John as livid.
“Yes, I believe that’s the exact phrase—”
Sherlock blinked, his eyelids getting heavy. John was shouting.
John argued.
"Yes."
“What’s all this?”
Sherlock found him laying on his side, staring at Sherlock with a dopey smile on his face.
The line went dead.
John’s cock was red, pushing out around the rings as it tried to get hard. Clear fluid dripped from the tip.
Sherlock was quiet for a long while. John watched as he blinked rapidly.
“Yes,” John said. He had a bad feeling about where this conversation was going. “Why were they in your flat to begin with?”
However, he wasn’t going to just walk away either. He had singled out Watson. Blond, muscular, in uniform, high enough up that he liked giving commands and had access to medical lubricant (in fact, Watson had some on him now). After following him a bit he’d deduced that he had a lover on base (but it wasn’t serious) and that he occasionally slept with others; he was bisexual and career military, and, based on his walk, he had a huge cock.
John mulled that over. He looked upset, but Sherlock deduced he was more upset about wasted time. That he would have made another move, tried again if only he’d known.
“I’m Murray, Bill Murray. Nice to meet you.”
John inspected Sherlock’s cock carefully. It looked a little inflamed, but then it had been through an ordeal.
“Oh, god!”
There was a hand in his hair and his head was forced up. His back was forced into an arch and he groaned. His eyes watered and he opened them to see John again.
The pressure was gone and Sherlock tried to relax. It hadn’t been a lack of lube, it had been a moment of weakness—of fear. He was in a foreign country between two men he didn’t know. No one knew he was with them and they could do anything to him. He’d known this and had sought it out, but reality hadn’t really sunk in until he’d felt that pressure.
When Sherlock pressed the frozen peas to John’s crotch he yelped and tried to get away. Sherlock reached out and held him in place by his hip, pushing him into the mattress. He held the peas there until his hand hurt.
Sherlock hoped John wasn’t a sub that needed to be told how to dress and what to eat. It was tedious enough looking after his own transport he really couldn’t be responsible for another person’s.
Sherlock groaned and clenched around James.
“I want…” Sherlock’s mind went blank when John removed the plug entirely.
Sherlock wanted to object, they were taking to long. He needed release.
Then John turned and bent over to remove his socks and Sherlock saw it.
It took some time to prepare. John boiled the steel sounds to disinfect them and then it took them time to cool. John took this time to make sure the lubricant he bought was sterile and grab a pair of sterile surgical gloves and disinfectant from their first aid kit. He disinfected a tray and set everything out on it.
“Hold still,” Sherlock said.
John’s hips smacked into his and Sherlock found himself getting close. He reached his hand between them to let John know. John noticed and sped up his thrusts.
“Yes,” Sherlock said quickly. “When?”
“I don’t have time to run your life, brother mine. I assume that because you’re thirty the system has put you in for matching and, based on your presence here with that paper, you’ve been matched. When is the wedding?”
John nodded and wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s throat.
He wasn’t looking forward to telling Sherlock this. It wasn’t the worst news, Chlamydia was easily cured with antibiotics, but it wasn’t going to be a comfortable conversation.
John’s legs started to fail so Sherlock planted his feet and held John’s hips to thrust into him. John looked relieved and rested back on Sherlock’s knees and thighs. Sherlock was close and based on John’s hand movements on his cock he was close too. Sherlock pounded into it, holding John’s hips so he hit John’s prostate head on. John wasn’t as sensitive as he was and enjoyed the rough treatment.
Ok, I'm late by two-ish hours. I'm sorry.
“No more,” John said.
John smirked. “I don’t particularly want you up my arse right now. I’m talking about intercrural.”
John moved faster. If that was a person, a human, they'd die before he even got there; if not from decompression then from the cold. And if the cold didn't get them the lack of oxygen would. But he had to try.
John pulled it out and set it aside to be washed. Sherlock walked into the loo and did his business.
He started slow, imagining John teasing him, stroking him gently, rubbing his skin all over before deciding Sherlock needed punishment for being so impertinent. He teased Sherlock before putting a cock ring on him.
Sherlock squirted lube onto his hand and spread it over his cock. Then he squirted a dollop onto John’s arsehole and worked it in with two fingers, scissoring them to test how loose John was. John put up almost no resistance, in fact, he was squeezing on Sherlock’s fingers, trying to suck them deeper into his body.
Then John took out the prostate massager and had Sherlock stand. He covered the device in lube and only gave Sherlock a minimum of preparation before sticking it in. John clicked it up to the third setting before making Sherlock sit back down.
“Sherlock, please,” John begged.
Angelo's
John went home, defeated.
“What?” John asked in a panic.
John looked at Mike in disbelief.
Mycroft strode in with Anthea and Daddy.
Taking a moment to be serious, John asked, “Can we do it all again?”
Sherlock waved the question away. “They can’t prove the relationship is a fake unless we tell them. Next time I know they’re stopping by we can cuddle on the couch again. That should shut them up for a bit.”
“Mmm!” Sherlock yelped in surprise. God, but he was huge! Sherlock couldn’t tell if he was bigger than his largest dildo but it felt like it. The condom clung despite the lube which Sherlock could feel leaking down his perineum and testicles.
Sherlock nodded warily.
His erection was gone and Sherlock wasn’t going to force anything. He stood and let John get dressed in peace.
“Well, not like
(See the end of the chapter for
“Morning,” Sherlock responded.
“Why do you always take her side?!” Harry snapped, cutting him off.
“Roll back over, pet,” John said as he took off his belt.
He shooed the boring man from the flat and went to the bedroom. He locked the door behind him and turned to see the door to the bedroom closed.
“Shut it,” John said and pulled Sherlock’s head down for a kiss.
Sherlock realized with a sinking heart that the command—which should have been a ten—had only been a two.
“Oh,” John frowned. “That’s good.” It was, but for some reason, it didn’t feel that way.
“Hm?” Lestrade asked.
But Sherlock didn’t turn them on John. He only set them down and turned off the light. He lifted his violin and bow from the toilet lid and started to play.
Sherlock worked them in his hand before grabbing more lube. John felt a finger prodding at his arse. He tried to relax but Sherlock was just circling.
Sherlock felt something hit his cheek and realized that John was hard again. He looked up into dark blue eyes.
No, that was insane. It was the positioning. He didn’t want to be sandwiched with a cock in his mouth. There wouldn’t be enough friction.
Sherlock answered John’s next question without him having to ask it. “I told Mike this morning I was looking for a flatmate. Now, here he is just after lunch with an old friend. Wasn’t that difficult of a leap. Unless…” Sherlock looked him up and down, “…you are looking for a flatmate, aren’t you?”
John ignored him and opened the door.
As much as he was looking forward to having shower sex he didn't want conditioner up his arse.
Lestrade smiled. “Good.”
A butt plug.
Sherlock bristled and opened his mouth. The counsellor sensed the coming words would be unkind so she jumped in. “And what do you do, John?”
With a sigh, John got up to go give Sherlock the news.
Floating a bit Sherlock wasn’t deducing where the hits would land next and he was surprised when, “Six, seven, eight, nine,” hit up and down his thighs. With each one of those hits, Sherlock thrust into the sheets. He could feel a puddle from his precome gathering underneath his trapped erection.
“Yes, sir. Please,” Sherlock could feel himself sink into the fog. This was why they did this, this was why Sherlock pushed John for more, harder, to get here. It was better than the drugs. He was high.
The sub was panting, his hands curling into fists before relaxing then curling again. He was breathing heavily.
John nodded.
Rosie started wailing and John put his phone in his pocket. He’d hear it if Sherlock decided to text from wherever he’d gone off to.
before.
his squad leader replied in his mind before leading the whole team in a rallying cry before they took to the skies.
John was feeling warm and satisfied. He’d done well if he did say so himself. Sherlock was gliding along, but it was clear his legs were weak. A good orgasm would do that to a person.
“John!”
But as far as John was concerned the scene was over. He was terrified he had hurt him.
“God, I love you,” they said at the same time.
for betaing.
“You’d better give me your mouth after laughing like that.”
He saw both John and Murray shiver.
Sherlock didn’t have a plan, but he was good at coming up with one in the moment. He didn’t have a play room, he hardly had any toys at all. He supposed he could take John out and get a basic set, at the very least... But, John was standing now, licking his lips and blushing. Sherlock could see how turned on he was. Which was nice, however, the important thing was that the cane was abandoned. If Sherlock suggested they go out it would break the mood and John would look for the aide.
Sherlock had a pained expression and just as John started to worry, Sherlock said, “I’m sorry. I just can’t take you seriously with that
“Colour?” John said, hand stilling.
“Needy, aren’t we?”
without whom this would be a huge mess. <3
“Yes,” he gasped. “Yes, of course. Of course, I’ll marry you.”
John wondered if not knowing was making it harder for him. If he was imagining all the things that could have been said. John did that sometimes.
Closing his eyes, John wished again he had Sherlock’s ability to delete things.
Sherlock looked up and John kissed him chastely.
Sherlock leaned forward and John did too. Their lips met and John melted. Sherlock pulled back, biting his lip and searching John’s face.
His thoughts had taken an alarming turn and he furrowed his brow as he chastised himself. He was supposed to be mad at him, not lusting after him like a helpless little sub in a daytime soap opera. His life was not some silly romance novel where he rode happily off into the sunset on a white steed with his Byronic prince charming! He needed to get himself under control, was thirty-five, for Christ sakes! Far too old to be mooning over a stranger.
John blinked up at him, mouth set in a grimace. He might have agreed with Sherlock except for the red lump on his forehead.
The sexual scores were promising. It wasn’t rare for a sub to be more submissive inside the bedroom than in day to day life. And with John’s scores, it was possible that Sherlock would be able to get him into subspace with careful planning.
“No,” Sherlock said imperiously and sauntered back to the bed. He leaned over unnecessarily, and John smiled at his cheek. After sliding between the sheets, Sherlock patted the space next to him.
“Improbable,” John countered.
Sherlock felt the sting when John added another finger. John scissored and stretched and Sherlock shivered expectantly.
Whatever it was, it smelled delicious. John found himself veering off course automatically.
Sherlock hummed a yes against John’s lips.
“Take my hips,” John said.
“No,” Sherlock said, wiggling his toes.
“You should come,” Sherlock said, whispering the words into John’s ear. “Come in me, John.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, disappointed.
Sherlock blushed and tried to hide himself. He was still in an argument, however, and he was going to win.
“Jesus Christ!” John said and stumbled backwards at the unexpected assault.
for the beta.
“Shh,” Sherlock hushed him and tried to push John’s head back onto his chest.
Special thanks to my beta, who pointed out I was being an idiot and helped me fix it.
“There are five settings on this. How about five minutes? One minute each setting?”
John chatted happily with Sherlock while they walked to Angelo’s and Sherlock tried to keep up but he was busy watching John, deducing every little action, searching for a sign that John was going to steal Sherlock’s thunder and propose.
The words made the Dom’s expression sour. John was surprised. His original expression hadn’t indicated that he found John unsuitable. Did John do something to make that change?
Then the woman had Sherlock give John a command. Sherlock told him to stand and at the same time the command was so strong he wanted to drop to his knees. His body warred with itself and he nearly fainted. He stood, obeying the command then Sherlock had to help him to his knees. He thought he might die of embarrassment.
“Why’s that?” she asked.
John’s face flushed and he was mortified. He remembered Sherlock’s scream and that they’d knocked some of the plaster down they’d knocked the headboard against the wall so much.
James started kissing the back of Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock angled his head to give him better access.
, that you’d had sex. I can’t imagine it’d be hard to pull.”
She came in and smoothed the jacket over his shoulders.
. I changed things around after so any mistakes are my own.
Sherlock woke, groggy and nauseated. He hadn’t been this hungover in a long time. What had he taken last night? Oh, god, he’d gotten high. Why? He’d been doing so well!
Sherlock angled his hips and started thrusting against John. Each
Sherlock pulled off just long enough to command,
Whatever John was saying, Murray’s expression had gone from scandalized to speculative.
And John thought, a flatmate? Why not? He could then afford to stay in London longer.
bonus points if you found the pun
John turned around, took the condom from Sherlock and put it on him. Then he lubed it up. Sherlock just reached out and petted John, touching every bit of exposed skin he could reach.
Marvelling at how he’d managed something so many people sought but never found, John peppered Sherlock’s back with kisses. True love. They were completely devoted to one another. No matter what happened, John always sought out Sherlock, and Sherlock always came back to John.
“Nervous? Who said anything about being nervous?”
“Oh, good. John, you’re awake.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said. “Great,” he corrected. “Brilliant, fantastic,” he said. He had a fiancé.
“John,” Sherlock huffed and rolled to face him. “Stop.”
“Oh, no, and there’s only one bed? Whatever shall we do?” John asked. He wasn’t even going to pretend he was going to sleep on the floor.
Sherlock looked over and saw John wiping his face. The sweat from his face. But, it looked like… “Are you crying?”
“Good boy, good pet. Good job, Sherlock. You did so well.”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted and moved away. “I’m fine. I’m sure you have duties to be getting back to.”
“No,” Sherlock said, picking at the flaking mess. How had it dried so fast? He was still covered in sweat. It was rolling down his back and his hair was plastered to his head. Then he registered what John said and gaped at him. John wanted to help? To spend time with him? Sherlock could be here to review paperwork for all he knew. He was busy, he had responsibilities. Why would he want to spend his precious free time with Sherlock if they weren’t having sex?
“We’ll find someone kind—”
“Forgive yourself, John,” Sherlock whispered as he removed the towels from John’s body.
As Jawn spoke another Terran in a suit came out with a large pipe in their hands. Sherloc couldn't tell much about the Terran except it had
” John groaned again.
“Jhn,” Sherlock slurred.
“Not all. I thought you
Dropping the document, John rummaged through the box until he found Sherlock’s phone. The damned thing had to charge, of course, and John looked between the phone and the pile of letters, trying to decide if he wanted to wait for his answer.
“Let’s play a game,” the man said.
Before John could ask, Mike continued, “I think he likes you. I’ve never seen him so…” he trailed off.
John didn't bother answering. Instead, he looked to Sherlock for assistance. Hadn’t he made it clear that Sherlock was allowed to hurt him? He doubted Sherlock could kill O'Murtagh with his bare hands. Plus, the suit provided excellent protection.
“John,” Sherlock said, something clearly on his mind.
John’s fingers slid in Sherlock’s hair and massaged his scalp. Sherlock looked up to see John’s head thrown back, mouth open.
He held John’s gaze as he licked his hand clean.
Well, thinking about this was useless. He didn’t know any Doms willing to lie and he didn’t have the money to pay the fee.
Sherlock sighed again. John had gone out. He probably thought Sherlock was asleep, as if Sherlock could sleep when they were done with their antibiotics and he was once again free to wring orgasm after orgasm from John’s willing body.
“I promise to support and obey you, William Holmes,” John repeated.
Sherlock made a high pitched keening noise as he did.
John toed his shoes off and dropped his trousers, pulling down his underwear with them.
John didn’t look discouraged. That was good.
“Okay?” John asked as he gave himself a leisurely stroke. “We’re… I mean… It’s not going to be easy.” After a moment he asked, “You still want to—”
John set them on their feet and watched.
He had John Watson.
Finally, Bill lost patience and James was moved back into proper position.
“Uh…” Watson shook himself out of his daze. “Right, I found this civilian sneaking around.” He looked up at the other man, uniform indicating his name was Sholto. “I was just finding out why.”
“I’m fresh out. But if you boys can keep from shouting at every hour of the day maybe I can make you more.”
John gasped when cold air hit his cock.
When he found it he circled it, touching everywhere but it before grinding his finger against it.
“I’m not opposed to
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock slowly. Their tongues twisted as their crotches slid against each other. Sherlock felt warm, he yearned to swap their positions, to make John squirm below him. Not that he was unhappy where he was, in fact, he found being at John’s mercy thrilling.
The counsellor moved on to Dom space and Dom drop before Sherlock was done with her. Although, he knew her knowledge was limited to the basics, being a sub herself. While she and John chatted Sherlock arranged all the sub care information on his hard drive. He found his hard drive was getting full and storing all sub info under “John” wasn’t going to work because some related only to crime. But, other information in the “sub” folder and sub-folders could help John in the future. He’d have to reorganize the whole thing. Perhaps he could do it in a different way so he’d get more storage space.
John thought.
“No, suspected only.” It was why he went to great lengths to keep them apart and only let them meet when John was present.
James wrapped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s head and pulled so Sherlock would look up at him.
“John,” Mycroft greeted, his voice taking on that same pinched sound it did whenever he was dealing with something unpleasant related to his brother.
“Yes?” he asked, turning away from his experiment and giving her his full attention.
Sherlock woke with John tangled around him. He smiled and closed his eyes, intending on a bit of a lie-in.
“Great,” the counsellor said and moved on. “Budgeting. A lot of couples share money but some are uncomfortable. How are you going to handle bills?”
Heat summers between them.
Sherlock felt a pleasant zing down his spine. He arched his back and groaned. Oh, that was nice.
“And you could tell me what to plant for your bees,” John said, smiling.
Sherlock took out the antibiotic ointment and started spreading it over his cuts.
“Major, they said that you’d gone in here and we—” the new man stopped in his tracks and went speechless at the scene in front of him.
That baritone voice…
Those that had started trouble been kept drugged and had all been collared by their captors. Most of them had either started out so submissive or had been rendered so they’d needed direction to eat and drink.
Sherlock cried out a hard, “Jah!”
Sherlock moved his hand behind him and groped Bill. He was average sized, fourteen—no, thirteen—centimetres. No, fifteen. Wait—
“It’s empty,” John said, aghast.
Sherlock sat down in his chair and kicked off his trousers and pants. He spread his legs wide and John smiled as he knelt between them. He stroked Sherlock’s thighs, the hair tickling his hands, and felt Sherlock tense when John leaned forward, breathing on his cock.
John came home, expecting to find Sherlock irritated and wound up. Sherlock hated to be told no. John guessed it was the reason Sherlock wanted to have sex during the case to begin with because he wasn’t allowed to while they were taking antibiotics. John also knew that Sherlock was clever and that he’d never keep him in line without some help.
“I love you, I love you, I love you,” John chanted as he thrust.
John looked down at the creature in his arms. The person seemed to be in their mid-twenties and they looked like they'd been carved from marble. They had a surreal beauty that the contrast between their dark hair and fair skin seemed to emphasize.
"Yes?"
“I’m never hitting you again. Never again.”
“’s fine,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock cupped his hand to catch John’s come.
What was he wrong about? Did he read that John was considering a relationship with him? Was John about to be turned down? Would Sherlock tease him for thinking he had a chance?
“Move it out, slowly.”
There was a loud crack before pain bloomed in a line across Sherlock’s arse. “Ah!” The fog lifted a bit but came back in thicker. “One, thank you, sir.”
Please remember that I don’t have a beta for these because I decided to do this last minute and I’m not even doing the advent calendar challenge properly. I am posting these immediately after I write them. Hopefully the chapters aren't so horrible that you can overlook the little things.
He wasn’t moving as much, clearly, the pain was easier to endure than the tickling feathers.
“Fuck,” he heard, whispered above him and he looked up to see Sherlock looking down at him like he was the sun.
“John,” he whined. He wanted more. He needed more.
“Yeah,” Harry said with a hiccup. “’course.”
“What did he say?” Sherlock asked, finally.
He pulled back and Sherlock looked up at him, trying to focus while James started pounding him hard, pulling roughly on his cock.
He rose to his knees and put Sherlock’s legs over his shoulder. Then he bent Sherlock in half and started thrusting hard.
Which is why he went to the shops.
“Aarugh!” Sherlock shouted but he managed to stay still.
He took Sherlock’s cock back into his mouth and worked his way down until his lips were touching his hands. He twirled his tongue around Sherlock’s cock, licking away all the lube and teasing Sherlock’s skin and precome. John took Sherlock’s bollox in hand and massaged them gently.
“What’s wrong,” he whispered into John’s ear.
“Sixteen, seventeen,” Sherlock counted as the crop landed on the backs of each of his thighs. He didn’t feel pain anymore, only pleasure.
Sherlock eyed her.
“What’s new with you?” John asked.
“Thaaans,” Sherlock slurred out. He blinked and wondered why he wasn’t getting more. He had to focus to get out the question, “More?”
“If you’re going to ruin the symmetry of it then it should be Sherlock Watson-Holmes.”
John's life was in shambles. He'd been shot trying to save a soldier. He'd heard the call to retreat but didn't heed it, he could save the other sub, he just needed time, a few seconds was all. John looked up and blinked rapidly. He wasn't going to think of all the brave soldiers who were gunned down trying to save him. He wasn't going to think about how the other sub, his friend, died anyway because there was no other doctor to help. John unclenched his fist and set about doing the exercises that didn't seem help the tremor.
Sherlock stood and explained quickly. “It’s a gay engagement ring. It’s supposed to sit on your ring finger there. It’s a new idea. I've got one too, at home.”
He whisked John outside and led him down the alley, he pushed John against the brick and kissed him.
I meant with the deductions.”
“What about it?” he asked darkly.
John jumped and writhed, calling Sherlock filthy with a husky voice.
“John, I—”
After an eternity John said, “Oh my god, is that a butt plug?”
“How is she?” John asked, trying (and failing) not to sound jealous.
“Ah! Ah! Ah!” John chanted as Sherlock fucked him.
That must have been where John had gone. Perhaps where Bill and James were now.
John swallowed. “What did you have in mind?”
“Is that a dildo with a suction cup on the end?” John asked.
John licked his lips.
I’m thinking about editing this story, adding at the very least a scene where Sherlock milks John in the previous chapter. Having it beta’d and cleaned up. Do you think it’s worth it?
“What’s the date?” Sherlock asked.
“No,” Sherlock said, taking his seat and stretching out his feet.
“Yeah, hi. You took him off to see his sister ages ago. Haven’t seen him since.”
"Of course," Sherlock said, as if not having a list was crazy. "Eat something. I'd like to have sex tonight too."
“God, Sherlock!” John said, rubbing a hand over his face.
John strode out of the cab as soon as it stopped. Sherlock could tell he was in pain, that he wanted to limp but that he was too proud to stop now. He stopped at the foot of the stairs. He’d allowed Sherlock to help him up the first time.
“Me going into a rut isn’t a big deal, I don’t even want an omega, so I’ll suffer a bit, but it’ll be over soon enough without one.”
“Please, sir. Please punish me, hit me hard, make me feel it,” Sherlock said. The break gave him a breather and now he was starting to feel like he was floating.
Sherlock swallowed thickly.
When he got to his room he saw John’s computer, open on his nightstand. John would be busy for a bit, trying to decide if he wanted a shower now or a bath later tonight (he’ll decide on the bath, having masturbated last night), then he’ll need to dress and then he’ll start in on the breakfast dishes or open up the newspaper.
“You… want to have sex with me?”
The pressure at his arse grew and grew and suddenly eased as the head of James’s cock pushed in. James paused, his panting breath cooling Sherlock’s back and his rough hands digging into Sherlock’s hips.
John isn’t gay, he isn’t! But, he’s not exactly straight either. He had just finished himself and, being office equipment, he wasn’t able to get hard again anyway. But, god, the things Sherlock is looking at… and that it was Sherlock himself! It was enough to make a man desperate.
John didn’t say anything.
It would take a while for NASA to get back to John. John wasn't sure exactly how long, Mary was the one who knew how to look up the satellite positions. He'd had enough training to know how to flip the switch that broadcasted NASA's transmissions to the crew's suits. He did so because he wanted to find the rest of his crew as soon as possible.
day,” John said, taking Sherlock’s hand.
The device the dead Terran—no, woman—was using was a communicator! Sherloc didn't know if all Terrans were dim-witted or just if this one was. Or maybe it—he—was injured? Sherloc didn't like that thought and waved it off. They had the mystery of the murdered Terran woman to solve. She had different writing on her outfit, it read
James’s hands clenched around Sherlock’s hips and with a moan he was gently thrusting. The soldiers worked together so Sherlock was shifting back and forth between them. Sherlock tried to angle his hips so James would hit his prostate and it threw everything off. Soon John had both his hands in Sherlock’s hair, cradling his head so Sherlock didn’t move off his cock entirely or go too deep. James was petting Sherlock’s flank with one hand and the other moved down to Sherlock’s cock. The lube on his hand was tacky and his grip was loose, so it didn’t do much but tease.
“You told me you loved me! That you were in love with me!” John shouted. He wanted to say that he was in love with Sherlock and he’d forced a confession. But he held that in. No need to admit his feelings again.
"I don't know where you found that
Ok, the proposal isn't indecent, what comes after is.
John threw himself over Sherlock and held him. He was partly protecting the idiot from further sniper fire, but mostly he was so grateful that Sherlock was alive to hold that he couldn’t make himself let go.
John felt teeth scrape the back of his neck. He pried the Sherloctopus off him long enough to go to the loo and brush his teeth. He hurried back and captured Sherlock’s mouth, licking inside and groaning.
John's head was swimming. He had been thrown from the spacecraft when they crash-landed. He sat on the red dirt and flexed various parts of his body, searching for a break. He had some bruises and possibly a concussion but otherwise, he seemed fine.
“Christ!” John exclaimed.
“Really?” he laughed.
With a plan in place, Mycroft phoned for a cab.
John knew that Sherlock had to be sensitive by now and was probably approaching his limit.
John turned and walked around Sherlock, ignoring Sherlock trying to shy away. Yes, the tail was attached to a butt plug.
“Oh,” John said.
“Sherlock?” John waited until he had Sherlock’s attention. “I’m going to be right back. Don’t come without me,” he ordered.
Sherlock drank obediently when John returned.
“I pushed you too far,” John said, sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Sorry,” John said again.
“Please, what? You’re being such a good boy I might just give you what you want.”
“What?” he demanded as he flung the door wide.
John made a sound of protest and Sherlock ran his hand down John’s flank.
. Omegas smelled sickly sweet. Like the burnt sugar or those toasted marshmallows he’d seen the humans with.
The door flew open and Sherlock stood in it. “Ready to go?” he asked John.
Sherlock slid his hand under the table to John’s thigh. He slid his hand up and groped John’s cock through his trousers.
Sherlock frowned. “Is that supposed to be pleasurable?”
“Bedroom?” Sherlock offered. He was sure they’d be more successful there.
“Fuck!” he screamed and buried his fingers in his wild dark curls.
There was a sharp rapping on the door.
Sherlock deduced it then. John had an STI and they were out of condoms.
Sherlock shivered, his painfully empty hole clenching around nothing. He nodded and watched John leave.
John disappeared as fast as he’d come. He knew Sherlock could hear him walk around the bed and he fumbled with the Wartenberg Pinwheel, it falling to the ground. He hadn’t meant to but perhaps it would engage Sherlock.
He climbed the steps with purpose. Sherlock was holding his violin and standing by the window. Probably watching the street for John’s return. Or, maybe he was just emotional and needed to play. It was impossible for John to tell. Sherlock had turned at John’s arrival and looked at him warily. When John strode across the room to him, Sherlock set his violin down.
As John moved in, out, in, out, each slow drag sent shivers down Sherlock’s spine. John’s stomach rubbed against Sherlock’s cock, the space between them already moist with Sherlock’s pre-come and sweat.
“Yes,” Sherlock gasped.
“Holiday, huh?” Sholto’s expression turned when he looked at Sherlock. “Who are you and what are you really doing here?”
Their lips touched and John’s thoughts scattered. He pushed into Sherlock, backing him up until he was backed into the couch. They had nearly a decade worth of pent-up sexual tension and finally had an outlet. Sherlock spun John at the last minute. John fell onto his back with an “oomph” and Sherlock spread his legs, trapping John between them. He knelt, caging John in with his arms, and kissed John again. And again. And again.
Sherlock’s hands roamed John’s body. Running a flannel over every inch of skin. The movement wasn’t impersonal or sexual, it was worshipful. He turned John with gentle nudges and didn’t say a word. He would pepper kisses to John’s skin when John moved.
“Not yet,” John amended.
But it gave John an idea.
His first date with John!
This time his Dom cut him off, “Sherlock, please.”
“John!” Sherlock said, demanding he come back and let him have at that erection and the rest of John with it.
There was something cute about how cuddly his sub looked. It was completely different than seeing him in his dress uniform. It made Sherlock want to coddle him and he picked up John’s cane before he thought.
Sherlock commanded and instead of staring like he wanted to, he busied himself doing the same.
They swapped places, while John scrubbed his back he washed his front. John spent a lot of time cleaning Sherlock arse too. Spreading his cheeks. Washing circles around his hole before washing over it. Tapping on it a few times before circling again. He pushed the tip of his finger in and twisted it. Sherlock was enjoying the sensation and he let John work for a little while longer. When John reached for conditioner for lubricant Sherlock turned around.
He’d be happier if John said yes, though, which was why he was asking.
John shook his head and glanced down, apparently ashamed. The counsellor could see this was upsetting Sherlock further. They were misunderstanding each other.
James pulled out and Sherlock protested the loss. James ignored him so Sherlock sat up, disgruntled, and glared at James. John dressed quickly, leaving his vest on the floor. He said something to Murray once he was done.
“What is the meaning of this?!” he demanded.
“Clearly I was wrong.” Sherlock ripped the ears from his head, throwing them to the ground, and stalked off into his bedroom.
John soared above cavernous mountains and miles of sand. His squad was going to strike one of the green dragon’s encampments in the forest. It was a long flight; it’d take several days of continuous just to get there and they’d meet the reconnaissance team and then they plan an attack that would take the green dragons out. Another group of brown dragons was going to meet them there coming from a different camp. John’s team was ranged support.
“Shh,” John soothed, and scratched Sherlock’s scalp lightly. He pulled Sherlock’s hair a bit once James’s breathing started to even out.
John wasn’t going to pretend Sherlock was a saint, especially after that car ride. Plus he was still a little peeved at him for the gunshots this morning. With two officers after him, it likely wasn’t an acephobic, homophobic or a biphobic thing. He knew how irritating consultants were in the army. Especially when they refused to follow protocol. Still, this bullying needed to stop.
Mycroft groaned. His American counterpart, Steven, was clearly under stress. "My return didn't go smoothly."
“Yes,” John said. He thought it was better to admit it seeing as how Sherlock knew the truth anyway and lying was pointless.
Figuring it was ok John pulled out Sherlock’s profile.
“Jesus Christ!” John shouted, concerned.
“I know, but I want to.”
That was exactly it, Sherlock realized as he received a tentative lick. John was a sub, he wanted to please his Dom and he was unfamiliar with Sherlock. He needed direction until he acclimated.
“What?!” John looked at Sherlock. He looked livid.
“Do you want to take that risk?”
He smiled happily as he hung up. He had a special meal planned and over dessert he’d tell Sherlock about his beekeeping plans. It would be perfect.
Thanks to
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He didn’t understand why John had to compliment him all the time. He wasn’t traditionally beautiful, in fact, he looked a little weird, but then, love blinded people.
She took a long sip of her drink and watched her aunt share a tearful story with a woman John didn’t recognize. John was trying to mentally get her to move on. He now wished he didn’t know the story.
He ordered a pint and sat next to Greg.
“Oh, God!” Sherlock only had himself to blame. He knew John wouldn’t go easy on him unless he requested it. He could request it at any time, all he had to do was ask or say yellow. He wouldn’t though, he was stubborn and he loved the feeling he got when he accomplished what John set out for him.
“I thought you’d find it tacky.”
Sherlock hummed and waited until John came over and set down his coffee before looking up.
He’d thoroughly satisfied John.
The word pulled Sherlock out of his mind.
“Oh,” the man gasped. “Thank you.” He glanced over to Mike before going up to John.
Sherlock leaned into John’s space, breathing on his neck as he grabbed his cup of tea, two plates, both slices of toast. He leaned back as if nothing happened and sauntered into the living room to the table in front of the window.
Sherlock dropped to his knees, took John’s face in his hands and kissed him, licking into his mouth and pushing and pawing at John until John was on his back.
Sherlock didn’t seem to bothered by it. He arched his back, causing John to gasp, raised his arms and stretched like some sort of big cat.
Chapters are going to be shorter so I can post more often and there's less pressure. :)
Snogging
“Can I…?” Sherlock trailed off.
Sherlock opened his eyes and the corner of his mouth lifted in a filthy smile. “John?” he asked in a deep rumbling baritone.
Sherlock turned his head and kissed John’s arm. “Never. Never again.”
Sherlock liked it when John let Sherlock be in control but he wasn't opposed to him taking the lead either.
John groaned and his knees buckled. He locked them before Sherlock had to do anything to keep him upright.
Someone who made him chuckle.
John kissed Sherlock again, more forcefully this time.
He decided it was the perfect time to do something he’d always wanted to do: sexting.
“John said for you to wait,” he said. When Sherlock tried to wriggle free James gripped him tighter and bit him again.
Sherlock wasn’t having any of it. He forced his way back in and bossily told John to strip.
Mycroft wished for the days where his biggest problem was whatever trouble Sherloc had gotten into. He decided the best approach would be to show up at his old offices in person. If he called they'd just try to leave him out of the loop until the crisis was over. If he was there they'd give him small tasks because they'd be short-handed. Then he'd be able to work his way into a position of control.
John gasped.
Sherlock shrugged as if he didn’t care but John wasn’t fooled. Sherlock was nervous. It made sense, John would be nervous too if he were about to have metal rods shoved up his dick.
“Alright, alright,” John said. He knelt and pulled apart Sherlock’s arse cheeks. The dark furled hole had a few hairs around it.
Well, maybe he could get it right in counselling.
Short and smutty
It had been crumpled and smoothed - the crease folding it in half was worn - showing it had been read many times.
“Oof,” Sherlock huffed as the breath he’d caught was knocked out of him.
Mycroft clicked on the link with unsteady hands. The story covered the astronauts that were headed to Mars and the planes NASA had for the next mission. Mycroft checked the date but it was too late to stop the mission. They'd launched so long ago they'd be arriving any day now. Mycroft ran a search to see if there'd been any of what the humans called solar storms or other disasters in the time they'd been gone in the hopes that the astronauts were deceased but there was nothing. NASA's website updated daily and it seemed the crew was doing well and they were expected to enter an orbit today.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.”
Bill laid flat, his knees bent over the end of the cot and had Sherlock straddle him. There was plenty of lube and Sherlock was still stretched, so it was easy to sink down. Sherlock bounced a couple times, angling his hips so Bill hit his prostate before John caught his swaying cock and started sucking again.
saying.
“What’s that?” He hadn’t seen anything about it during all of his research on sex.
“Sherlock, your sub is at risk of a drop. You need to place your hand firmly but gently on the back of his neck, curl your fingers around…” Sherlock did as she said. “…Yes, like that.”
That wouldn’t do.
Sherlock dearly hoped John didn’t have any family or friends that were Doms. If he did and Mummy found out they hadn’t come to his wedding she’d flay them.
he said, modulating his command to just a one. He strode out of the room to the bedroom.
They didn’t work well together although their profiles had been a ninety percent match. Just because their sexual preferences matched didn’t mean their personalities did.
“Just a new condom?” John asked, looking at Sherlock.
“Yes,” Mrs Hudson agreed with a sigh. “That’s what I was afraid of.”
John felt something hard poking his rear.
John rolled the cock ring off and wanked Sherlock slowly.
Sherlock panted and felt his knees go weak. He threw his head back and bit his lip.
Sherlock leapt out of his seat and when it became clear that John wasn’t going to get back on the couch Sherlock helped him kneel.
They both groaned as John breached him. Sherlock bore down but John didn’t go any faster. He tried to scoot but all he managed was to angle his hips so that John hit his prostate as he pushed in.
As he wrapped his hand around his cock he moved back on the dildo, angling his hips so the drag was just right across his prostate. The precome was dripping enough that he could work his cock without additional lube.
“Masturbate, Sherlock,” John said firmly.
"On the radio, I'm trying to talk to them on the radio, Sherlock."
John said.
Sherlock looked up at John, confused and a little irritated. “What do you mean no?” He could tell John wanted it and it wasn’t like John was ever the one to say they had to get to crime scenes right away.
Sherlock didn’t care, he was already thinking of ways he could get out of it. John must have noticed his apathy because he made the appointment and even said, “I’ll make sure he’s there.”
“Were you nervous? When you married mum?”
Gently pressing his lips to the scar Sherlock thanked every deity he didn’t believe in that John hadn’t died that day.
“Sir, please!”
He snapped out of his daydream and saw that John was tense, his jaw set, his shoulders stiff and he was glancing suspiciously at a cab.
“Bees?”
“Well, you’re twenty now…” she stopped, clearly struggling with words.
“Sherlock?” John asked.
“Stand up, Sherlock, I need to see your urine.”
Sherlock started sucking every time he thrust his tongue forward, forcing John’s hips back to take him deeper.
Sherlock wasn’t particularly fond of video games but this case required it. Sherlock frowned as he downloaded Pokemon Go onto his phone.
John clicked off the kettle before following.
Sherlock felt John rub his prostate.
“She says congratulations,” he said.
John was terrified Sherlock might get the wrong idea. Yeah, he did come to thoughts of cupid bow lips wrapped around his prick with his hands buried in inky curls but he respected Sherlock. His friend. His best friend. His heterosexual friend.
For several minutes they were in a stalemate. John didn't know what to do. As the medical officer, he knew that letting an alien on the ship was a bad idea and he was possibly dooming them all, but when Sherlock ran up and asked for help John couldn't let him die. John wasn't going to let him be murdered either.
Sherlock chuckled and John giggled and a piece of plaster from a crack they’d created up the wall fell between them, causing him the laugh harder.
When Sherloc came to, the pod was surrounded by red dirt and cracked so the air it provided was escaping. They coughed and opened the door. But they couldn't breathe. They looked around their craft but there wasn't anything to help. Sherloc could see something moving and they tried to run to it, waving their hands to try to draw attention. Sherloc figured if they could catch the thing's attention it might be able to help.
Sherlock had figured all those emotions out long after, while he was replaying the incidents in his mind palace. Cataloguing each expression for future reference.
Sherlock felt his face heat.
“Tell me,” Sherlock said, leaning into the short blond soldier’s space. His eyes flicked to the soldier’s name, then to his eyes, “Watson…” Sherlock made sure the man was paying close attention before he allowed his eyes to fall to thin lips.
John chuckled. “Just try it,” he said.
“Oh, thanks.” John gave his Dom a tight smile. He didn’t really need looking after. He hoped his Dom wouldn’t buy him clothing and expect to feed him. He wanted to be independent.
But that didn’t matter. Nothing mattered. Sherlock was falling. He was speeding to the hard pavement. John knew Sherlock wouldn’t escape unscathed. Maybe,
His legs ached but he didn’t want to get filth on them so he didn’t want to sit. They were four days into the case and John was exhausted.
John thought. Sherlock would reach over to the bedside table grab the lube and start working him open…
Sherlock pulled the ring from his pocket with a bit of difficulty, he was kneeling on his wrong knee, and he opened it.
John was embarrassed by his bedsit and he made Sherlock wait in the taxi while he ran up and changed. He didn’t know how he ended up with such a posh Dom. Shouldn’t they have matched him within his own social sphere? God, as if he weren’t pathetic enough. He really didn’t need to invite the comparison with that… specimen.
John shared what little news he had of Rosie’s development. He was proud of how she was progressing but each milestone was bittersweet. John kept thinking about how excited Sherlock got whenever Rosie showed her “great intellect” and stage-whispered about John’s lack. That always reminded him that she’d gotten that bit from her mother.
“You can’t put that against the headboard,” John said, tilting his head at the crack they’d put in the wall yesterday.
“I heard him talking to the official, he doesn’t have anyone to give him away so they’re going to skip that bit,” Daddy said.
Brushing against Sherlock’s nipple again, just the lightest touch, John danced the feather over the pink nub until it pebbled. Sherlock shook, panted, bit his lip and only just managed to hold still.
“Oh, my god,” he heard and he turned his head. He’d forgotten that the glass from the bathroom was clear, though the angle wasn’t good it didn’t take him to observe that he was masturbating on his bed.
“What?”
But, he’d put a ring on John’s finger. And when that piece of metal slid into place something clicked in Sherlock’s head. John was
John knew he could lie, he could find someone off the street and say he was already collared and he had forgotten to inform the government. But that would be punishable by fines. The Dom was supposed to register the collar before asking the sub and if the sub accepted they were to go sign the paper after the ceremony. People acted spontaneously with collaring all the time and the law really wasn’t enforced unless one of the people had been matched.
Sherlock made a face at John’s word choice.
Sherlock looked to John for answers.
“John—”
“Yes,” Sherlock groaned. “Like that.”
John pulled out and Sherlock closed his eyes. He felt come splatter on his cheekbone and forehead. It ran down his face. Since none of it was near his eyes he opened them and looked at John.
he replied telepathically. He couldn’t speak aloud in his dragon form.
Sherlock wasn’t sure he could stand teasing at this point, no matter how well-meaning John was. He considered getting up to get a flannel and wash off some of the obscene amount of semen from his chest and stomach but decided his legs were too weak and shaky to do so.
“Fifteen?” Sherlock guessed.
John had him slide the sound up and down twice more before allowing him to take it out and set it on the tray.
John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, giggles interrupting the kiss and keeping it chaste. John sat up on Sherlock’s hips, wanting some space but not wanting Sherlock to get away at the same time.
Finally!
John frowned. Those were Sherlock’s initials. Did he not want to be flatmates, then? Before John could get too worried, another text came in.
Sherlock shuddered. John had marked him. He’d claimed him. He owned him. He found that incredibly arousing. John wanted him as much as he wanted John. He captured John’s lips again.
“I mean, James, you should fuck me. John’s too short, the angles will all be off. I’ll suck John off during.”
“Gre-en,” Sherlock said with a sob. God, he’d
“Brilliant!”
John put his hand on Sherlock’s forehead. “No.”
Besides, he couldn’t remember her name.
Sherlock didn’t seem offended. Whenever John started to slow Sherlock moved his head to encourage John to continue. John didn’t stop when Sherlock turned, resting his back against the bed.
“This is so hot,” John said.
John felt the slow slide of Sherlock’s penis and it caused his own to stir in response. John jumped to his feet.
He phoned her instead.
Sherlock growled. Bastard! He stood and took a swing at the man but everything was fuzzy and out of focus and he missed, nearly falling on his face.
“But now I’ve got a second chance and it might be too soon but I don’t want to wait. It’s only been a month—well, not a full month, but still—I think I’ve proven that I can make you happy.”
John shuddered and gave up all pretence of watching the house. He just enjoyed Sherlock’s hand, which had started twisting in a delightful way.
. I didn't take all the suggestions so any mistakes that are left are my own. :)
Sherlock sat up when John touched him. “I’m fine, John.”
“My wife,” the man said, finding his voice. “She’s been receiving these. She’s always very upset when she gets one and won’t tell me what they mean.”
Maybe, when they got back he could have a shower and have Sherlock bandage him up again. He'd take off his pants next time.
Sherlock breezed through the rest of the responses, finding they matched his remarkably well.
John’s legs were shaking, his breathing was laboured. He felt like he might explode. God, he needed something to thrust into. He reached underneath himself, grasping for his cock, wanting to get off with Sherlock’s tongue in his arse.
He stood, smoothed any possible wrinkles out of his suit and struck a pose.
“John!” he cried out.
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
The fingers pinched and rubbed, then with a word from John, twisted. The hand in his hair yanked, the cock in his arse stiffened.
John swallowed thickly. He had that same glint in his eye he had when he was hitting on her. Oh. Interesting.
And Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d stop her.
It was too deep, too fast. Sherlock had long since trained himself out of his gag reflex but this was still a large object—a little over twenty centimetres and with enough girth to stretch Sherlock’s jaw uncomfortably—and he’d acted impulsively, without thought to his positioning or breathing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can I go now?” John said, standing.
“Finger me,” Sherlock demanded.
As always, thanks to
“Yes, Mrs Hudson said the roof is stable enough now for us to put up a beehive or two. And if you tell me what to plant for them I can take care so they don’t swarm away and you don’t have to remember to water them.”
When John was done with Sherlock’s ribs the wheel was lifted off his skin again.
Sherlock was behind him. He’d licked John to full hardness and after getting him into position he licked and teased John’s balls.
“OH!” Sherlock gasped. “OH!”
“You want to meet for a coffee?” John tried.
When navy eyes met his it took all his effort to look away.
He decided to change the subject. He kissed across John’s chest, noting every scar and freckle in his mind palace.
John’s hope died and his shoulders fell. “No.”
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock,” John gasped and covered his mouth.
What if John said no? What if John was happy with their relationship the way it was and didn’t want to get married again? What if by proposing Sherlock ruined everything?
John could feel his orgasm building. He chased it, resting his back on the brick of a building so he could thrust better. Sherlock started twisting his hand and it lit a fire in John’s cock. Pressure built in his testicles and he muffled his shout with his arm as he came.
Sherlock furrowed his brow.
Sherlock could feel his testicles bump into his own.
Probably not, John decided. After all, Sherlock had taken the initiative to start their relationship in the first place.
John rolled his eyes. It wasn’t exactly a huge deduction, John had told him so.
John took the first aid kit with a thanks and tried to close the door.
“Oh, oh fuck!” John swayed but Sherlock held him in place.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took a quick shower and wrapped a towel around his hips, forgoing a dressing gown in case John was still feeling amorous.
“Needy,” John said and Sherlock could hear the smile in his voice.
John stopped reading. It was pointless. His Dom clearly hadn’t taken this seriously. No Dom in their right mind would consider letting their sub choke them. It just wasn’t done. And everything on the page and—John checked—the following pages had t’s next to them. It wasn’t like the man was a virgin. He
Sherlock pulled John’s arse cheeks apart and John shifted.
he’d said. And he wasn’t lying. John was a patient man, Sherlock had deduced it.
on your face.”
John scooted forward and Sherlock shuffled back so his arse was pressed against the tub and the head of John’s cock was heavy on his tongue. Then Sherlock shifted his weight forward, the smooth slippery slide of the dildo as it moved out of him made him groan around the cock in his mouth making John twitch. He didn’t move forward though, just held still and let Sherlock take him in at his own pace.
Test 3: n:-4.5, s:-7.2, d:-0.2
He forced himself to look away, sparing a glance at Sherlock’s face to see if he noticed.
Harry seemed at a loss too.
His arm was numb, he’d been shot. But he wasn’t in any real pain. The sun was beating down and John’s pack was heavy. He could see Sherlock in front of him. The idiot was standing up, wearing that heavy coat in the stifling heat. He was using binoculars, trying to find the sniper.
John flinched away from him. “No!”
Sherlock looked smug and slipped his finger out. He loosened his grip and just let their cocks glide together. He held John’s hips in place and John writhed. Sherlock controlled everything. He was completely at his mercy.
Right now, John was fond/horny and something else Sherlock had never been able to place. It must be loving.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John gasped. He was close. So close. Sherlock had been working on him for some minutes and John was dizzy with arousal.
John let go of Sherlock and Sherlock let his hand fall. He had failed.
He’d made the right decision after all.
“Yes?” John squeaked.
“Alright then, pet. I want you to take that disinfectant spray and spray the head of your cock.”
He looked over and Sherlock met his eyes. “You like that?” he asked.
“I hurt
Sherlock laughed. “I’ll see what the client wants, you can see if you can find something in here that fits.” Sherlock knew he had something because he was guilty of stealing John’s clothing and stashing it in his room. Usually, it was for experiments but sometimes John threw clothes away that just needed some mending and Sherlock was happy to send it away with his laundry.
“Not at all,” John said. He didn't mind Sherlock having a lot of strange kinky sex with him. In fact, he'd rather it than with someone else.
John chuckled. He hadn’t realized the secret to a sleepy Sherlock was an orgasm.
Sherlock thought.
“Yes,” John said eagerly. “I want a relationship,” he added quickly lest Sherlock get the wrong idea.
She was one of the few people Mycroft trusted.
Hold it in!
“John! We have to go again!” he demanded he had to compare it to the face John made when he when coming in his pants after a case.
John realized he couldn’t take a shower without rebandaging and disinfecting his legs. He glared at Sherlock who showed no signs of remorse.
Sherlock pulled off without meeting any resistance—John’s hand wasn’t there to restrict, only guide—and glared at John.
He was an idiot for ignoring his health.
Clever, John.
Everyone was silent for a long moment, the counsellor was wondering if there was any way to salvage this appointment. If they requested a divorce immediately it reflected poorly on her.
“What?”
“Sher—! Sher—! Sherl—aah!” John was fairly certain he’d never been this hard. His pants had turned into pleas. “Sherlllllock…”
Sherlock tensed, he rocked back and forth as John watched. His legs fought against the restraints and John watched sweat slide down Sherlock’s back and precome leak from his cock.
to have had some sort of sexual experience.
John’s head went back to the pillow without him opening his eyes and his breathing evened out. He started snoring lightly and Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock shuffled back across the room and his little penguin walk finally broke John. He started laughing causing Sherlock to look back and glare.
And, oh, that was interesting. They were meeting up here, on the edge of the base. There was no logical reason for anyone to be here, far away from the entrances next to tents that held nothing of importance unless there was an attack.
John nodded, still not looking at him.
“I said no!” John said, getting angry.
James found a sensitive spot and bit Sherlock gently. Sherlock moaned. He didn’t care for Bill’s chattiness. Sherlock hoped that if he ignored him Bill would get naked. Or touch him. Preferably both.
It was madness. Sherlock was better than this. He reminded himself that he didn’t want a sub, he had no interest in sex and the only thing that mattered was the work.
Sherlock pulled off at the last minute with a frown. He worked John through his orgasm with his hand.
It was surprisingly easy to get into a routine at 221B. After you got used to the eyeballs, that is.
“I apologize for coming now, I wasn’t aware Rosamund was ill.”
“I’m not interested in the missing missiles. I’ve already figured it out and phoned my brother.” Sherlock pulled his satellite phone out and flipped it before putting it back. “As I was telling your lover here…”
“Painting gone missing,” John said.
“A cock cage?” he asked.
“Please,” John begged. “Please, Sherl-augh!”
“Isn’t it?” John asked. It wasn’t; Sherlock wasn’t dead, he hadn’t jumped off a building, and there hadn’t been a funeral.
Moving up along the inside of Sherlock’s thigh John moved in this time, but instead of brushing over the top of Sherlock’s prick he went lower, tangling the feather in the wiry hair of Sherlock’s bollox.
He started working his tongue against John’s cock and tried to angle his hips to hit John’s prostate. He fucked and sucked with abandon, trying to get John to come.
John’s chest seized. “What?”
John pulled it out steadily, keeping Sherlock’s cock in place with one hand.
Sherlock wasn’t sure he had ever had a thought ever. His whole body was alight. All his nerve endings sang. It was better than the drugs.
“Coming, Rosie.”
“Sherlock, dear?”
John was breathing heavily and Sherlock wiggled against the sheets. His arse stung but it was nothing compared to the feeling that he was turning John on.
Sherlock shot him a glare before taking the head of his cock into his mouth. He wasn’t shy. He just hadn’t been expecting this. John was above average and James was well above average. When he’d been imagining this scenario he’d always pictured the men as average sized or below so he wouldn’t be disappointed.
“John said you’re having trouble coming. I think I know the problem,” Bill said. He whispered into Sherlock’s ear, “You need to be the centre of attention, don’t you?”
Sholto was frowning.
“Hm?” Sherlock asked. He needed to catch this Evee for candy for his Flameon but the bastard thing kept jumping.
There was a little manoeuvring as James wanted Sherlock to give him some attention first, so Sherlock sucked him down to the root, hollowed his cheekbones and drooled, but his heart wasn’t in it. It was distracting him from his own pleasure. A drop of sweat rolling down his back tickled him.
John decided to keep his suit on as he opened the door to the craft. He didn't know the extent of the damage yet and he wasn't as sturdy as the creature he'd saved. The creature hovered behind him like an annoying fly as he made his way through the spacecraft. Several times John had to stop the creature from reaching out and touching things. But John thought they were just curious because whenever he caught the creature's hand out they stopped.
“Good,” John said. Yesterday they’d agreed that he’d be able to try and make Sherlock come untouched.
John slammed his tea on the table. He didn’t care that he burned his hand.
“Thank you.” John didn’t know what else to say.
John couldn’t resist kissing him again, more teeth than tongue this time. Sherlock fought his restraints and John needed to discourage that.
James let Sherlock sit up and once again slapped his hand away from his cock.
That was acceptable and Sherlock nodded.
“No, I hurt you when I left. There were bound to be consequences. If the worst is that I have to be careful when I wake you from nightmares... Well,” Sherlock paused, his hand tightening around John’s, “it’s worth it to share your bed.”
“No, it’s something to help you from assaulting me while we’re on antibiotics.”
The sight was amazing and John came on the spot, shooting his come across Sherlock’s chest. He took a moment to breathe before he ran to Sherlock, turned him carefully and clicked off the massager.
Sherlock hadn’t said it back, but John didn’t need him to. It was obvious, if not from the reverence in Sherlock’s expression and touches, but from the way he held him when they were sated. John had always pictured himself as the big spoon, as he’d always been in his previous relationships. But Sherlock had nudged him, and John had rolled to his side without hesitation. John rested his head on Sherlock’s arm as Sherlock pressed himself as close to John as he could. John could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat in his back and the ebb and flow of his lungs as Sherlock breathed. Sherlock’s legs pressed against the backs of John’s. Sherlock’s knees touching the inside of John’s. John could feel Sherlock’s lips as they pressed kisses to his hair.
Sherlock pulled the sheet over them and wrapped his arms around John. He snuck his leg between John’s before going to sleep himself.
“Sell me, you mean!” Sherlock said scathingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, folks, that's it for this story. Next, I'll be posting a little crack fic and after that, I'll be doing dragon!John. Subscribe to me for updates! <3
Again dots appeared and disappeared.
Sherlock waited for John to pull off before moving.
Oh shit.
John had, almost magically, made Sherlock feel safe and comfortable. When the appointment was over Sherlock felt a bit floaty. Once they were out of the building and Sherlock was trying not to giggle at John’s attempt to catch a cab Sherlock was still feeling good.
“Yes,” Sholto, James, said decisively. Turning to Sherlock he became authoritative,  “Follow me to your quarters.”
John went tense as he waited and there it was once more. He raised his head and saw Sherlock curl forward into himself.
Sherlock gave him plenty of room, not wanting to provoke ire for his misstep. He even sat up and curled on the couch, tucking his feet under himself and wrapping his arms around his shins.
“No,” John said.
“Scoot over, will you?”
It was mesmerizing and Sherlock decided to lay down and lick it out of John’s hole, using the same techniques he’d used when he was getting the lube out.
“No, you need to go now,” John said firmly. Then, in a more gentle tone, he asked, “Do you want me to remove the massager?”
Sherlock stood and pulled John to his feet.
John didn’t want to touch Sherlock’s cock but he could touch the rest of him. He took off one of Sherlock’s gloves and had him get up on the bed on his knees and his one ungloved hand. He had Sherlock keep the gloved one on his cock.
John’s cock. The suction, the depth, how he still managed to work his tongue… It was the best blowjob of John’s life.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine,” said the dark-haired man.
“John!”
He didn’t blame his sister for not wanting to come. And he hadn’t been to her wedding so he didn’t hold it against her. (Even though he’d been in another country being shot at, at the time.) Still, he didn’t have any other family and he probably should bring at least one witness. He didn’t want his new Dom thinking he was incapable of friendship.
Both of Sherlock’s eyes opened and focused on his flatmate. John was in a bit of pain but still refusing to look at Sherlock. Sherlock turned his attention to the men on the screen.
Sherlock sent a glare over his shoulder that told John not to go easy on him. “Please, John, punish me,” he said flatly to goad John further.
“Gay,” Sherlock said. His fingers flew over the screen.
“I’m going to be given the antibiotics anyway,” Sherlock pointed out.
“I’m not going to break.
If John had known it was that easy to get Sherlock to sleep on a case he would have slept with him long ago. (There were many reasons John wished he’d started sleeping with Sherlock long ago.)
With his large hands Sherlock could hold John’s cheeks apart and keep his hips in place.
It seemed Sherlock could deduce his thoughts. He said, “Look, just a scratch. I’m fine. I’m not going anywhere.”
The war had started before John had been born. There were times of peace but the land his clan held was valuable and it was inevitable that other clans would attack for resources. No matter the peace treaty drawn up, eventually, one of the clans would break it and try to take their home. The brown dragons didn’t have hoards of gold or gems, no, nothing so trivial. The brown dragons controlled the mines that held the rocks that allowed dragons to shoot fire as opposed to just heated air.
He held onto the condom as he pulled out and set it to the side.
“Because I’ll constantly be aroused and will be trying to get you off.”
“I… I…” John stammered.
Mycroft's ship landed in the middle of a fireworks show in the country. He blended into the crowd and took a train back to London. His flat was just as he left it and he began pulling sheets from his furniture. He left the rooms he wouldn't use until later. His fridge was unplugged and he plugged it back in before checking his care package from the other Terran council members.
“Do you mind?” Sherlock asked.
"You saved my life," they stated. They were quite a bit taller than John and John had to crane his neck when they stood this close. "Why?" They demanded while staring into John's eyes.
John’s gasps and panting mixed with the video and Sherlock found himself losing control. His aim with the dildo failed, he moved it in and out as best he could while stroking his cock, working the shaft with a slight twist at the end. John gave up all pretence of watching the video and knocked his laptop to the side so he could watch Sherlock.
That earned him enough drips from the tip of John’s cock to rub his hand up and down properly.
There was the sound of John undoing his belt and Sherlock shifted eagerly. Not needing prompting Sherlock begged, “Sir, punish me, I need it. I’ve been bad. Let me prove how good I can be.”
“Thought you’d be done by now,” John said. “Greg said five minutes.”
“Sher-lock,” John complained, his name coming out in pants.
“Oh,” John said he looked at Sherlock. He frowned and mouthed, “Why?” at Sherlock.
Sherlock took out another letter, this one with more dancing men but not the same ones.
He didn’t know what he was going to say next; he’d just been rambling. Whatever it was, it didn’t matter, because Sherlock stepped forward, took John in his arms, tilted his head and kissed him. It was sweet, chaste, just a peck, then it was gone. Sherlock pulled back to deduce how the action had been received before diving back in.
“Someone’s got to protect you,” John said. “Going in there blind. What were you thinking? There could have been anything in that flat.”
John went in for another kiss but Sherlock pulled away, gripping John’s thighs with his hands. He pulled on them. Spreading them. Then he dove for John’s crotch.
“Sorry,” John said and he rolled off.
Beta provided by
Sherlock opened his mouth but realized he had no idea what the proper command was. Would it be too much to tell John to kneel? That was only for collaring ceremonies, wasn’t it?
His lips were pink, moist cupid’s bow a sharp contrast against his pale milky skin, even with the flush across his cheeks. The root of John’s cock shined with saliva.
“Alright,” John said with a smile.
“NO.” John’s tone was final.
John turned the massager to its highest setting.
Sherlock kissed John’s hole once, twice, three times before there was pressure. Sherlock was pushing his tongue in, trying breach John’s body.
changed. “If you fill out a statement I’ll let you go.”
“Oh, yeah,” James said. He walked towards them and Sherlock could see his erection before the tip of it nudged his cheek.
“He’s not there yet. I’m trying…” James said, the words garbled as he was gritting his teeth.
“I don’t want to pretend it never happened.”
There were texts from Irene but Sherlock didn’t respond for months. It was from July that a text bubble appeared that wasn’t grey. John scrolled up to see the date.
He wasn’t Anderson, for godsakes.
John reached down and took Sherlock in hand. Neither of them had put on pyjamas last night. He rubbed his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock, smearing precome around and teasing him.
With Sherlock secured James looked up at Murray. “You going to just stand there or are you going to join us?” he asked him.
to see John. He had James move to the side so if Sherlock looked down he could see John and could still suck enough that James wouldn’t go without.
A discrete peak behind him showed that John swayed but recovered quickly and followed easily.
“You’ve no idea,” Mike said, chuckling.
“Why so shy now?” John asked.
Sherlock looked up from his experiment. He didn’t really have time to talk to anyone right now, but his mother’s tone made him pause. Her body language told him she was upset. Sherlock’s brow furrowed. He couldn’t deduce what was wrong. She was sad about him and he hadn’t done anything to disappoint her recently. Well, not that he knew of or intended to do, anyway. Perhaps he had offended someone by telling the truth about their intelligence again.
“Yes!” Sherlock latched on to the thought. If John was rough he would be distracted and he could just float on the sensation. “Choke me.”
"No, I mean the murder." John was too stunned to wonder at the creature speaking English.
Dom drop is a real thing. It’s not as well known, there is surprisingly little information on it because it’s rarely severe and Doms are supposed to be the strong ones so they don’t talk about it, but aftercare for a Dom is as important as it is for a sub.
Sherlock hooked his ankles around John’s waist as John lined himself up.
Sherlock huffed out his nose but stopped moving his hand. He worked his mouth down, removing fingers as he went until his nose was buried in John’s pubic hair again. He glared at John and hollowed his cheeks again.
Bill plopped onto the cot and pulled Sherlock between his legs. James crouched beside the cot.
It was pointless to think about that now. He’d soon belong to a stranger with a ring on his finger instead of a collar around his neck. He wasn’t looking forward to that. His sister had been married off and the stress had driven her to drink. Her poor sub was filing for a divorce.
With a shout James came. No one stopped; in fact, it seemed to turn Bill on. He dislodged John, he started thrusting so violently. James stepped back and Sherlock dropped his hand, holding onto the cot instead.
The tongue was back and Sherlock hummed thoughtfully.
The crime scene had just enough information for Sherlock to get a lead. Whoever the murderer was they were smart. Not brilliant, this person didn’t want to get caught. Sherlock was excited. He detailed the clues for John. John found it helpful when Sherlock did this when he wrote up his blog entries.
and credit me for its discovery."
“Yes, but you’re dating now,” Greg said.
John walked down to the foot of the bed and stood, not touching Sherlock, letting Sherlock work himself up. Sherlock whimpered and curled his toes and still, John just stood. Sherlock whined out of his nose and balled his fists but that couldn’t get John to just do it already.
He worked John until his jaw started to get sore. Then he took a break to suck on John’s testicles and run his teeth against John’s perineum. He bit at John’s arse before sucking a love bite onto one cheek.
“So two years?” John asked with dark humour.
Sherlock looked at the time then complained at John for keeping them when they had a case on.
Sherlock watched, mouth dry.
Sherlock didn’t want John to think of any threats. Because the threats John would think of would involve withholding sex or ending their new relationship.
John took his normal seat, the bench in front of the window and Sherlock relaxed. It would be very hard for John to get down on one knee in front of Sherlock in that seat.
“Have I ever told you how much I love this suit?” John said.
Every little grunt and groan made Sherlock thrust harder. He could tell when people were faking enjoyment of sex. It made watching porn difficult. John’s moans weren’t fake. He wasn’t hard but he was enjoying this.
The man on the screen was clearly enjoying the rough treatment. Sherlock hissed as he slid the dildo home.
“Three!” The pain bloomed over his shoulder. “Ah! Yesss,” he hissed as it stung.
Of course, he wouldn’t know that Sherlock had been staring at John’s arse the entire time he’d walked out in front. Admiring his legs in those dark jeans, licking his lips as he pictured the muscles in John’s broad shoulders as he moved. Thinking about John’s cock and how it would look. Would it match John, be short and wide? Or would it be thin and grow to an impressive length? How would it feel when John breached him for the first time?
“I want to see you,” John said.
It was a song John recognized but he didn’t know who wrote it. Sherlock wrote it and it seemed to John that it was about them. Their first case, the excitement, their second case, the danger, and on and on through all there cases, racing on and on to a crescendo. It changed in the middle. The melody wasn’t rich, the notes were high and it sounded lonely. John thought it might represent their time apart. When the notes dropped down the song was melancholy. John’s heart broke. The song took on the same tone that it had in the beginning but the notes were off. It wasn’t the same. Then the little flourishes disappeared and John imagined them as Rosie’s laughter. After a bit, it started to flow like it had at the beginning but this was richer and had more depth. It was them finally getting together.
“Oh, god, John!” Sherlock moaned.
“Five,” Sherlock groaned as the belt hit up along his spine. He was tempted to lean up into the hits but John would just tell him to lay down. He wanted to be good for John so he held still.
Mummy shot Sherlock a look. “No need to be nervous, dear. I’m sure he’ll love you.”
“Tell me how it feels,” John said. He lost composure watching the rod move. He undid his flies and palmed his own cock.
The water was hot. Hotter than he liked it. John had once said he had only cold and lukewarm showers in Afghanistan so he liked baths when he could get them and hot showers when he couldn't.
“I believe it means you’ve been matched and you’re to be wed,” Mycroft simpered.
"Yeah, well that malfunction just took out a crew of seven. There's an Englishman on there you know! An Irishman too. We'll be lucky if any of them survive!"
Sherlock gagged a bit at how fast John’s cock moved out of his throat. He rolled onto his back and spread his legs.
“What?” the soldiers asked simultaneously.
Once the sound stopped naturally John licked his palm and stroked his cock.
He had no ideas. He’d asked Molly what she thought and she said she’d gotten him an entire skeleton. A classroom was getting rid of theirs for a fake one. John was fairly certain no matter what he got Sherlock he couldn’t top that. John didn’t ask Greg, he was a little afraid Greg would yell at him for not getting something by now or give it away to Sherlock.
God, John! He was in danger!
John couldn’t say more though. He didn’t want to admit that he never should have married Mary, that he loved Rosie but he was secretly glad she was in someone else’s care, that he’d considered not getting Sherlock—the love of his life—a Christmas present.
Or he was upset, did he think he cheated on his commander? Probably not, John had frequent liaisons with Bill, after all. James too, he was their third.
Sherlock groaned into John’s mouth. He felt almost overwhelmed.
There was the sound of wet coughing and stumbling footsteps.
John had denied his sexuality at every opportunity before Sherlock’s fall. But now he wasn’t so defensive.
He tucked himself back away and bounded down the stairs happily. He’d have to ice John’s cock to get it to shrink. He’d have to get John aroused all over again.
“John,” he said, calling John’s attention to him.
“Strokes with five different implements. We’ll start with twenty-five spankings and work our way down to five with a cane,” John said.
“Aarugh!”
John woke early, usually found Sherlock already (or still) awake. They had tea and toast together on the days Mrs Hudson didn’t cook for them and looked at the newspaper. John had found that Sherlock got bored easily so he would point out possible cases. So far, they hadn’t gone on any but John would do it anyway because when Sherlock wasn’t declaring the stories boring he was telling John who the criminal was.
“Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy you’re together—it’s about time!—but I’d appreciate it if you could either keep it down or move to the bedroom upstairs.”
“No? What do you mean ‘No’?!” Sherlock demanded.
A stranger he had to spend inordinate amounts of his future time with and a fantastic arse.
“John was saying he doesn’t want to pressure you into anything,” she said.
“Come here,” John said.
"What's a radio?"
“SHERLOCK!” John shouted before muffling his grunts with the pillow as Sherlock fucked John with his tongue.
“Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen,” were harder and Sherlock felt water gather at the corners of his eyes. He rutted against the sheet to move the butt plug and get some pleasure.
John was the most expressive man Sherlock had ever met. Sherlock never could read him properly because he had so many emotions at the same time and they all showed on his face. So he could be happy/sad (whenever Sherlock said he had a case and John was with Mary), angry/disappointed/frightened (that time Sherlock didn’t warn him he was keeping poisonous spiders in the medicine cabinet), happy/livid/disbelieving/hurt (when Sherlock had returned from the dead).
“Oh.”
Sherlock stepped forward with the pipe raised.
This was the part of the case that John hated. They had to wait for someone to do something or go somewhere before Sherlock had the last bit of evidence he needed. And this usually resulted in Sherlock and him tucked up in some dark alley next to a rank skip.
John didn’t pull up, just doubled his efforts and suddenly his mouth was flooded. Come dribbled down his chin and the amount of it nearly choked him but he swallowed as much as he could.
“Anyway, turns out he’d been dying the whole time and never told anyone. I think that’s why he never married, personally. He didn’t want to leave his spouse alone.”
Sherlock stormed into his brother’s office waving the bright orange paper.
Mycroft had a box set on the coffee table, on top of it was a thick manila envelope and on top of that was a letter.
Sherlock reached his hand back. He glanced at the date on the packet and realized he had no idea what the date was.
“I love you,” Sherlock said quietly.
“Thank you.” Her eyes went soft. “You’re John Watson, aren’t you?”
“No, it’s not a problem. I just thought, with you looking like—” John waved his arm at Sherlock, “—
Sherlock took his hand away and John thought it was punishment but it was just so Sherlock could lick it again.
But he observed everyone in town, she was the exception, the only exception as far as he could see. He wouldn’t be that lucky.
“Have you ever seen anything so hot?” James asked.
“I was thinking Angelo’s, be just like old times.”
John started running. Whatever it was it wasn't part of their craft. He'd thought they'd been struck by a comet or an asteroid but... He ignored the pounding in his head. Whatever it was they'd hit (or had hit them, he wasn't quite sure) was alien.
“Yes.” Sherlock arched his back. “Oh, yes.”
“But—”
Sherlock didn’t answer for a long time more.
A drop of sweat fell from John’s chin onto Sherlock’s nose, joining the sweat running off Sherlock’s brow.
