Donovan gulped and, scared, moved towards her seat, crestfallen. All of them remained silent for a while.
“I will carry him to the house. You should come back to the camp and wait there until the van arrives”.
"What's going on, Major? Look at me for fuck's sake!" he bellowed, grabbing his arm and forcing the man to turn around.
John moved his hand over the detective's head, grabbed him firmly, and groaned while he fucked Sherlock's mouth deep and fast. When the detective felt the doctor's cock throbbing and tightening in his mouth, he rubbed more firmly his perineum, massaging his prostate from outside, caressing his balls at the same time.
Ross melted at his look. He was going to answer that he had nothing to worry about, that the next one would be by his side and all the dawns he had left to live, that he didn't want to spend a second without him. But he understood that none of the words he could say would express the magnitude of what he felt for him.
As the plane took off, he turned to Mycroft, who had watched the scene in silence a little bit off. He cast a look at his brother that would have made Genghis Khan tremble.
Moriarty approached a bit more. As it happens with any dark creature, the negative emotions attracted him, and Sherlock’s intense hatred towards Mycroft, mixed with his grieve for John, acted as a magnet for him.
But he knew Sherlock was also refraining himself; on the contrary, they would be already kissing savagely, tearing up each other clothes, John slamming Sherlock on every wall in the flat, fucking him senseless.
Donovan nodded, got out of the car, and let Mrs. Hudson, limping exaggeratedly, lean on her. Molly opened the door, and they both followed her, entering 221 A.
It was not their area, but neither Lestrade nor any of his team hesitated in a second to get down to work on any task assigned to them to help combat a pandemic that, like a wave, spread around the world, disrupting citizens' daily lives. At first only with a series of security measures (washing their hands regularly, maintaining a safe distance ...) and now, confined to their houses and only being able to go out to do the shopping, work if they could not do so from home, take the dog out or accompany an older adult.
She sat down on the floor and hugged Rosie, trying to smile and demonstrate a calm that she was far from feeling. The girl, now calmer, looked her for a few seconds.
Donovan walked down the street, cursing the detective in a low voice, thinking about how different things would be in case she was the DI. Oh. Really different. She wouldn’t allow the freak to poke his nose in her cases. Of course not. Moreover, she would lock him in the deepest jail at New Scotland Yard. No. Even better. She would build a dungeon, an
"When you become a children murderer?" he asked, horrified, realising he put everyone in danger, Sherlock, Rosie, for a son of a bitch capable of playing with a child's life.
They stopped about two hundred meters from the castle, wrapped in the shadows. Sherlock pulled out his night vision binoculars from his rucksack and observed the place.
Sherlock let his orgasm tear through him, his whole body rigid, almost unable to breathe, as his cock spurted between them. Finally, he produced a long deep moan, squeezing John's cock with his muscles. John came hard inside him, howling and hissing between his teeth, filling Sherlock's arse with cum. The detective moaned again at the warm feeling.
Sherlock wasn’t comfortable having his personal space, usually so well defended, invaded in that way, but he didn’t want to disappoint Rosie, who now seemed so proud of him. And, in his heart, he couldn’t deny he enjoyed being, for once, part of the group. He only regretted John not being there to see it.
Sherlock cursed himself again. The pits weren't just a diversionary maneuver. They were a warning. Sherlock lost John once, and he wasn't going to miss him twice. But this time, he would do his own way.
"Of course, you'll do it. When are we going to sing Happy Birthday to you, otherwise?" teased Molly.
He strongly inhaled the sea's smell, watching the sunshine over the sea. They had really been lucky with the weather. Sadly it was their last day there.
"Don't you get it?! You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbit!!" John faked a burst of hysterical laughter. "The hat looked good. Tell me the hat looked good! The apron is a bit much, it's not my color..." the dramatic tone dissipated, and he ended the sentence with laughter.
The man nodded. They walked quickly through the empty mansion, reached the dungeon where Irene and Rosie had slipped into the panic room, crossed it and opened a door hidden in the wall. They went down a narrow spiral staircase about ten metres and came to a small door, just over a metre high. The man took out a bunch of keys and opened it.
Sherlock would never hit him. He would never knowingly hurt him. Hell, Sherlock was the one who had made him feel most alive, who gave up everything for him, who loved him as nobody did. With the same intensity that he loved him.
"Can I? Please, please!!!!!" she begged, jumping and running, delighted that the animals followed her wherever she went, barking excitedly.
"I was wondering... if... as it is our wedding night...or weekend or… whatever," he gestured to his surroundings. "If..."
"I doubt it because you took care of  Moriarty's network thoroughly, but..., it's clear they are somehow related to Serbia. Whoever it is, they are well organized, informed, and have the latest technologies at their disposal "he pointed out the cheekbone" And, as you said before, they know my methods too well. I haven't stopped breaking my head thinking about who they could be, but I don't know".
"I won't, I promise. I won't," assured Sherlock. He didn't want to leave Rosie alone, but he was afraid to let John go.
"Mycroft, stop drilling them with your eyes. They're John's friends, not potential terrorists," his mother scolded him, reaching out to them. When the introductions were over, everyone headed for the ceremony room.
“Donovan called mi Holmes, you look like the cat that ate the cream and John hasn’t withdraw from me since we woke up this morning. Not something I’m complaining of, but…”
Sholto shuddered. Sherlock Holmes was the closest to a Jedi Knight he ever knew. He couldn't have heard the conversations, because the strong wind's wail that dragged sand from one side to the other and the distance the car was in. But, like a Jedi Knight who senses a disturbance in the Force, as soon as Sholto hung up, the detective opened his eyes.
Three more attendants appeared to take charge of the luggage. Soon the entourage entered the terminal: making way for ten members of the airport security team, who, distributed around them, pushed everyone who approached the group aside, making all the heads turn with curiosity to try to discover which celebrity was crossing the airport, causing a commotion that could not go unnoticed.
"What I mean is John is in love with you just the way you are. John wouldn't change anything about you, not even the things that make him so desperate. He loves all your perfect imperfections, as he likes to say".
Tony shook his head imperceptibly, frowning, looking at John, who pressed his lips. Strange closed his eyes for a moment, a tense silence filling the room. He waved his hands to complete a spell, freezing them but John, Everett, and him.
John closed his eyes, shaking his head, feeling the bile's taste rising from his stomach, guilt, remorse, and disbelief drowning out the rage.
"I thought so," replied Mycroft, fondly, laughter dancing in his eyes. He regained his seriousness and turned to the rest. "You have exactly thirty minutes to get ready. If any of you are not, we will leave without him".
"You see, one in hundred thirty-five chance that there is s a single pair of exact doppelgangers, and I found him," he said.
"Don't be an idiot. Of course, you do." he smiled and pecked his nose. "I may let you fuck me in our wedding anniversaries if you behave."
It was amazing how he could be impeccably dressed even in the middle of the desert, even wearing the same clothes as the others, black cotton shirt, and windproof desert trousers which, Sholto could not help noticing, made the detective's fabulous ass stand out even more.
"Sherlock asked us to find a way to make them go to a castle in France," replied Anthea. "Martha thought there was nothing more credible than a forgetful older woman's ravings. And she was right. You got yourselves in the role".
"Oh, no, of course not. Besides, don't think we're going to stay in this private patch. Rosie needs to see people and interact with children, or she will become a premature adult."
Mycroft cursed to himself. Ironically, it had been he, when Clay was at his command, who taught him to foresee all the unexpected, to have alternative plans in case something didn't go as planned. And Clay did it thoroughly, crawling and infiltrating himself everywhere without any of them noticing. He could read in Clay's crazed look that he wouldn't flinch when it came to carrying out his threat.
John told him Sherlock was suspicious of the mission. Still, the two of them, looking at the reports, the photographs, and the rest of the documentation, decided that the detective had a colossal jealousy fit. Even Mycroft asked for confirmation of the information, and a second raid offered the same data.
At a signal from Sholto, the soldiers deployed throughout the place. After the small entrance, the area was clear, so they quickly secured it.
He weighed some stones around him. They should be heavy enough to knock down the men but not so much as to kill or severely injure them, and without sharp borders. Finally, with his ammunition prepared, he looked for the best angle for his shot. In his mind, he could perfectly deduce how the other three men would react when he tore down the first one, where they would go, or try to hide. Having all of this on account, he narrowed his eyes, pointed and threw the first stone, that crossed the air with a whistle and hit the targeted man’s temple, who fell to the ground, unconsciousness.
John laid on his left side, trying to find a position that prevented .further damage to his battered shoulder. It was not easy for him. The pain of the blows forced him to lie down in an uncomfortable, forced foreshortening. He rested his head on the ground but removed it immediately. The stroke from the barrel of the gun still hurt him. The man struck him so hard he instantly dropped out.
She froze. It hadn’t worked. How…? Donovan felt a lump in her throat, thousands of questions running through her brain. Maybe it was too late? Maybe it was some kind of unspoken condition that had made her first wish immutable?
He opened the flat door, and Natasha, Thor, Peter, Steve, Clint, Brue, and Wong came out. Behind them, John, pulling Sherlock who was protesting because he had to do an experiment, and Lestrade, pushing an annoyed Mycroft. Tony sighed, rolling his eyes, and before Everett reached the door, he came out, slamming the door behind him.
But the detective showed no intention of allowing Anderson to fuck his mouth. On the contrary, he stood in front of him, rolling his eyes as he snapped his fingers. Fully dressed, like John, Lestrade, Sally, and the other officers.
“Welcome to Alcatraz II, a secret maximum security prison, happily ignored by the public opinion, created to confine the most sadistic and mentally deranged sexual predators the world have had the disgrace to know” explained Mycroft in an educational tone.
Everett nodded. He looked intently at Strange and opened his mouth to say something, but closed it. Anyway, it was too late. It wasn't worth talking about yet. John and Ross nodded sadly and looked at each other.
“Of course there is it” he detested lie to her daughter, but he didn’t want to frighten her more. “And if you don’t go back to the dolmen, you won’t see it. Only remember you all have to be very, very quiet to see it”.
How Mycroft must have felt all his life made him dizzy and made his stomach shrink. And then he lost the only one who understood him, who loved him, who really saw him. As he thought about it, the image of a devastated Sherlock at John's grave came to his mind, as well as the memory of John after Sherlock's fake death.
She drew back in surprise as Molly bit her lips to keep from laughing at the Sherlockian impertinence her goddaughter was displaying. She cleared her throat and disappeared inside.
"Clay put himself under Moriarty's command and helped him build his Serbian net. Moriarty then came to London, leaving Clay there, who rose quickly within the organization. To increase his mercenaries, Moriarty advised him to rescue prisoners of war with amnesia, like Mike. At that time, there were many conflicts, and it was not difficult to find them. Little by little, Clay armed almost an army" explained Sherlock.
“Ohhhhh, shit, shit shit” moaned Sherlock, sounding more desperate than John never heard him, and that only encourages John to keep on fucking Sherlock with his mouth, wriggling his tongue inside him, sealing his lips around his hole, as Sherlock moans got louder and louder, his lips parted, making such lewd noises that John felt his cock about to explode, feeling as he could come only listening to Sherlock’s sounds, so he managed to groan and growl as he kept his face buried in Sherlock arse.
The young man hesitated for a moment, then deposited them on top of the keyboard, the only space available.
The shed. They were looking for the shed near the camp. Sherlock bit his lower lip, calculating his possibilities. Surely they were armed, and, even not, he couldn’t risk being captured and let the children at their mercy. First, he had to pull the children to safety.
Lestrade watched the older Holmes relax before reading it. He could feel his boyfriend's neck painfully tense from the anguish. His back, straighter than ever from the strain of stress, seemed to expand. Mycroft opened the phone, read the message, and the phone fell from his open hand.
He closed his eyes tightly, trying to push away the memory of John's agonizing search all over London that stormy night. The doctor, corroded with guilt and memories, neither returned to Baker Street nor answered his calls. With Lestrade in the pub out of action and Mycroft locked in sullen sulking, the desperate detective could only turn to one person apart from his homeless network to find him as soon as possible. John was in danger, wandering the streets of London alone at night.
Both Mike and John couldn't help to smile. The doctor ran his hand through his hair, looking for the correct words and pointed to them.
Some of them even dared to get up and walk behind him, trying an approach, oblivious to a John who felt an atavistic desire to growl underneath and show his fangs, making it clear that he was the only who fucked the detective.
"Sherlock!" cried, John. The doctor practically jumped over him, making the detective wobble until his back hit the wall, his lips pressed by John's ones.
Indeed, in front of the window, Sherlock was playing the violin wearing his dressing gown and pajama bottoms. Lestrade almost breathed a sigh of relief. A second later, baffled, he realized it was a hologram, a perfect hologram which perfectly imitated the detective's playing movements, projected from the wall. The bewilderment appeared on the officers' faces, who looked at each other in fear. Mycroft turned on the light, and Lestrade gasped.
"Please, please, please, it will only be for a little while, really," begged Peter, clasping his hands in pleading.
The doctor pushed inside, and Sherlock got two fingers inside him. John growled, feeling Sherlock's warm and tight entrance, anticipating the moment he will shove his cock inside it.
"The little girl was so keen to have dumbbells like her parents that the doctor made those for her." explained Martha.
"The two people connected by the red thread are destined lovers, regardless of place, time, or circumstances. The red string might get tangled or stretched, but it can never break".
It all happened as if the world turned upside down. To begin with, it was Sherlock who asked John to marry him. It was true the idea had crossed John's mind several times. Still, the disdain with which Sherlock used to talk about marriage
His mouth reached the tip of John's cock again, swirled his tongue along the frenulum's edge, moaning in pleasure, making John moan harder.
"No, please, there's just one more thing, mate, one more thing: one more miracle, Sherlock, for me. Don't... be," his voice broke and filled with tears "dead. Would you do...? Just for me. Just stop it. Stop this", he begged, gesturing down at the grave.
The doctor knelt slowly, his blue eyes fixed in Sherlock’s blue-green, for a while each floating in the other’s eyes, oblivious to the rest of the world, drinking each other’s love, lust and passion, lost in each other, found in each other, the broken pieces finally put together into a perfect puzzle until, with no warning, John took Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, swallowing almost the whole of it easily, his nose buried into Sherlock’s pubic hair as the detective growled, grabbed the doctor’s hair, thrust up and came instantly, arching his back, trying to bury his cock in John’s throat as deep as he could, as John moaned, almost chocking with the detective’s cock, sucking and swallowing his powerful orgasm, firmly gripping Sherlock’s hips to prevent him from falling from the chair as the detective, almost screaming, shivered and moaned in shocked pleasure.
“William had a devilish facility to find hiding places in the rocks near the base, and we spent there the nights, making love, chatting, arguing ... like any other couple.
"I just came from your office, Greg. Anderson told me neither Sherlock nor you had set foot in there for the last few days. But every time Sherlock went out of the flat, he said he was going to meet you there, so where the hell is he?
"Uncle Myc! Uncle Lestrade!" shouted Rosie in excitement "we're making chocolate cookies" she looked at the serious faces of the grownups and frowned, "Is something wrong, Aunt Molly?"
At his signal, the group of mercenaries opened up and made way for a tall, huge and strong man that limped slowly toward them. Sherlock opened his eyes in fear realising he was his torturer in Serbia. His arms, neck and face were disfigured by a multitude of scars from cuts, burns and blows and his right eye was covered by a patch.
Both moaned loudly, and Sherlock noticed John was shivering. The doctor grabbed the bar over his head and climbed back up. Sherlock waited patiently for him to come down again. These were new sensations for John, and he needed to get accustomed to them. He came down slowly, this time down to the middle of Sherlock's cock, his thighs shaking slightly.
"I was his accomplice. I was up to my eyeballs in that whole mess. I was arrested, accused of money laundering, embezzlement, and I don't know how many other things".
"Sherlock used this way out when your mates were watching him. I think you should know this if the three of you need to leave the flat without being noticed".
John cursed to himself. The last Sherlock needed was knowing that. But he didn't ask anything else, so the doctor guessed he already deduced where the second one was.
He put it on the table and started lighting the little candles that covered the surface of it. Then he congratulated Sherlock and excused himself; he had to rush to the restaurant.
John shrugged. He felt stupid and ashamed that Mrs. Hudson could read him so well, almost like Sherlock
The woman shrugged, quickly tapping in her phone and disappeared from their view, to avoid her boss' anger.
"I can't reverse it," he shouted, frustrated to make himself heard over the wind's loud howling." I can't reverse the singularity of the same timeline I created. We have to get out of here," he marched, fighting the mighty wind that pushed him back.
"Oh, god," sighed John, grabbing his abdomen with his right hand, "I thought I couldn't be able to laugh again."
He felt a lump in his throat and tears gathered in his eyes. God. Five years had passed since… and it still hurt like the first day. When he returned from Afghanistan, his therapist assured him that the pain would pass, as well as the guilt. But they didn’t. The pain remained the same, but the guilt that drowned his heart grew every day. He squeezed his eyes and shook his head, repeating the advices his therapist had given him to bear that weight. None of them worked. Because, as much as his therapist insisted on ensuring otherwise, he was the only one to blame for it. Because he was who insisted on…
The bombers just checked the main gate. There was no indication that it was connected to a bomb. But if Clay had a detonator and was watching them, he could set it off if he went inside.
Minutes later, the Woman appeared with her cadenced, firm, confident, and at the same time sensual footstep.
James looked at them critically, while Sherlock displayed documents on his desk, letting James do at will. It was good for Sholto to become familiar with them.
"It was Craig's idea. He said we should have a name, and if he had named it Holmes' squad, your head would have turned three hundred and sixty degrees at the thought of belonging to it," she replied.
Smiling, they kissed softly and fell asleep on the kitchen table, with the soft smell of chocolate intoxicating their senses.
Mycroft left the room dramatically. John and Greg looked at each other before bursting into laughter.
“We should go back to the camp. The van will be waiting for us to come back to London. I wouldn’t want John to worry if he arrives at the camp and doesn’t see the kids. But they are going to hate me if I separate them from the babies”.
Through the one installed in the garden, they watched an elegant van stopping at the entrance, from which the impeccably dressed homeless, Mycroft, and Lestrade descended. As soon as they saw the latter two appear on the screen, Sherlock smirked.
He was so embedded in his anger that he didn’t hear the knocks, bumps, racing footsteps and yells behind him.
They both stopped, and John grabbed the base of Sherlock's cock, preventing him from coming, as a chocked frustrated noise came out from the detective's mouth, who mumbled something about torturing both of them when they untie him.
But his instincts told him that Mycroft was right when he said something didn't add up. True, listening to Donovan, anyone would think Sherlock was a potential serial killer, but the reality indicated otherwise, mostly since he met John. He understood what the British government meant, so why throw it all away? Sherlock would never do that to John. He would never let him down like that. And John would have realized something was up before he let the detective get to it. He knew him best, and he would have noticed the change.
Donovan snorted, understanding why when John appeared in the room wearing only a pair of sport shorts, his muscular, tanned body visible all over.
The tunnel sucked them in, and they vanished from the platform. Stephen opened a portal that led directly to the alley from where he transported Sherlock to Bleek Street.
Rob and Patrick, uncomfortable wearing the ties, were pulling at their collars, which Mycroft immediately reproached. The rest seemed comfortable with their clothing, although they kept looking around to make sure they didn't rub against it, trying not to spoil the suits.
He took another sip of his drink, trying to swallow the lump in his throat, remembering with horror the moment he, Donovan, and the paramedics arrived at Baker Street alerted by Sherlock's call.
John and Sherlock talked to her through the door several times a day and face to face every day at eight o'clock in the evening, when they all went to the balconies and applaud health professionals, security forces, delivery people, shopkeepers and all those who managed to keep the city running in the midst of such chaos.
John, Lestrade, and the rest jumped to their feet when the truck's door slammed open, and the two brothers fell to the ground in a fight, insulting and growling to each other, Sherlock trying to hit Mycroft and Mycroft fighting to get away from his brother.
"Looks like someone's sleepy. But now you have to fasten your seatbelt, sweetheart," said John, helping her to do it "as soon as we take off, the stewardess will bring you a pillow."
Lestrade was silent for a few seconds, while Mycroft fumed, mumbling something incomprehensible through his teeth. The DI knew his concern caused his boyfriend's anger.
Sherlock only could nod, a lump in his throat due to how relieved he was. He didn’t know how to thank the shepherd for making Rosie so happy, as well as the other kids, for caring for them... The man smiled, understanding.
Sherlock inhaled deeply, and closed his eyes, trying to withdraw to his Mind Palace, to block the pain, as he did when he was tortured in Serbia. But everything that happened since John's disappearance, plus the memories that Clay's back stirred up, left him emotionally exhausted, and he couldn't manage to slip inside.
The fourteen kids approached them. Sarah unfolded a bumpy piece of paper, written by them and start reading.
The older Holmes remained some minutes silent. He opened his mouth, closed it again, and opened it again.
“Papa! Daddy!” shouted the girl at the top of her lungs, making the woman jump. “We are going to be late! My friends are waiting!”.
"Anthony told me the same. But… when everybody rejects you for being different… I learnt no to trust anyone; experience taught me that anyone who I asked for help would hurt me".
"So," Mycroft tilted his head a bit, staring down at the officer, "According to you, my brother has been playing the violin non-stop for over twenty hours, hasn't he?"
Because looking at the man, he felt as if he was looking at himself in the mirror; the only difference the hair, straight instead of curled.
Suddenly, Steve grabbed Sherlock and smashed him against the wall, pinning him down with a twisted arm. Sherlock tried to get out, unable to move an inch, due to Steve's strength, who twisted the detective's arm a bit more, making him scream in pain.
"Shut up," Sherlock sobbed, his heart breaking into more pieces listening to the truth, blinking to conceal the tears.
John looked at Mycroft as if his head had rotated three hundred and sixty degrees, never expecting to hear the word "fun" in Mycroft's lips.
The machine started up again at full speed. Sherlock rolled his eyes and tensed his body, screaming in unbearable pleasure each time the replica of John's cock hit his overstimulated prostate. His cock started hardening again, despite the last two orgasms.
From that day on, Sherlock refused outright to talk to Mycroft, answer his calls, or respond to his messages.
The next morning John woke up slowly. He yawned and sighed contently, enjoying the quietness of the morning, relaxed. John also should say he felt satiated, but since the day he started having sex with the only consulting detective in the world, satiety became a concept impossible to apply to him. He always wanted more. And that was something that John Three Continents Watson hadn’t experienced before with any of his previous partners, women or men.
Rosie giggled reluctantly and made a face of disgust. Sherlock hated himself for lying to his daughter, for giving her a hope that might not be fulfilled, but he didn't want to worry her further. Rosie knew something was going on even though she didn't know what.
Sherlock bobbed his head, sucking and swallowing John's cock, loud and vibrating moans of pleasure coming from his mouth, reaching John's cock directly. If Sherlock usually was vocal in sex, when he was edged, the volume of his moans, cries, whines, and groans increased notably. John groaned, getting lost in the wonderful sessión of having Sherlock's mouth around his cock, his tongue twirling around the tip. Holding the back of the chair with his hands, he let the detective move as he pleased.
"As long as we want," replied Bruce, pointing to the simulator's counter, which was already past twenty-four hours.
Sherlock decided to walk home and give them more time to get everything ready. Along the way, he tried to guess what John could have bought him. Something for the violin? No, he just gave him a new case at Christmas. Clothes? No. John knew Sherlock was very picky about buying his clothes. He snapped his tongue. John managed to trick him.
"Something happened that led him to another dimension. Keep one thing in mind. Whatever happens, we cannot intervene. This Sherlock will lead us to Ross. If we intervene, we will create another timeline, and we may never find him".
"Think, Mycroft," Sherlock's tone became slightly playful, although he could not hide a certain uneasiness "Who have you pissed off so much that he wants to get you out of the way? Contrary to what you told me in Sherrinford when we found the coffin, the list will be long."
On the other side, Sherlock just waited. He knew it was a matter of time that Lestrade requested his help. But the prick didn’t lose the chance to play with the Yards at the press conference, because of the whole country and, even worse, of his superiors.
Sherlock climbed down the circular stairs, going down and down, until reaching the darkest and deepest part of the palace. There, next to Moriarty’s dungeon, was another room with a black door without any trace on it. He opened it, slowly, mustering the courage to cross it. Inside, the room was cold, as cold as the death, making the mist coming from his mouth. He shivered. His heart pounded hard inside his chest, and he struggled to hold the panic back.
Mycroft's angry gesture vanished, and his face softened, looking at him. John and Sherlock exchanged a mocking glance, while it was evident that the elder Holmes was struggling to pull himself together and avoid getting lost in Lestrade's bright, loving gaze.
"So you don't have to apologize," he checked his watch. "Time to go home, or Mummy Sherlock will scold me."
Donovan laughed maniacally. She was so relieved! Then she got serious again. This time the DI truly feared Donovan was near a nervous breakdown. It wouldn’t be unusual, due to the exhaustion of the vampire’s case.
"I know you're not in for long goodbyes," John smiled, winking at Everett, "but we wanted to thank you. I still don't quite understand what happened, but thank you for your help, from both of us," he turned to Sherlock, who stood behind him with his hands behind his back.
Sherlock screamed, surprised when he felt the dildo being pull out of his ass, and the next second, John's cock impaled him with one blow as the doctor pulled him back, away from the counter to find one better angle to shag him.
"John!' protested Sherlock as John laughed, amused to contemplate his whitened curly hair and the flour on his blue dressing gown.
He also remembered the day they talked about a murder that made the papers, an elderly couple brutally murdered, that NSY could not solve. He did not stop saying they were idiots, that they did see but did not observe. He was so insistent, and his arguments were so convincing that the therapist contacted the detective in charge of the case, a certain Lestrade. At first, Lestrade didn’t pay much attention to the insolent brunet, but, as he spelled out his arguments, the inspector became more and more interested, and thanks to him, they arrested the culprit.
"The one on the screen is the anomaly Ross was investigating. The one who kidnapped him and them, "he pointed to the screen where Mycroft and Lestrade listened carefully, "think he is John."
"I'll kill him, I swear to God I'll kill him," mumbled John, unsure what to do, whether to run after Sherlock and strangle him or to wait and see how events would unfold.
John took Sherlock's hand and guided him while they walked forward. Sherlock felt the ground beneath his feet and frowned. He knew John planned to spend the night outside the hotel (his habit of never deleting his web searches in his laptop was very useful to a gossiping detective), but he didn't manage to guess what the doctor had in mind.
Underneath the shorter figure, written in incipient calligraphy, was the name, Rosie. Under the slightly taller, blond figure, Daddy, and, under the taller one, Papa.
“E.at” mouthed John again, glancing at the children and then at his exasperating husband. Sherlock knew that look. Defying it wouldn’t be a wise decision, so sighing loudly, he started eating again, still checking his phone.
The three watched as a second Sherlock appeared in the alley, dressed in a morning suit and coat over him. He lay back on the wall, looking back and forth.
When he arrived at the flat with all the food, he found Sherlock had arranged the fifteen backpacks, the tents and the rest of the needed items. Rosie was almost glowing of excitement, unable to rest, running from one side to another of the living room, with a little notebook and a pencil.
"Greg… I'm sorry you have to learn about Anthony like this. I know Mycroft wanted to tell you, but this is… very difficult for him. It was a tough time for him".
"Thank you, thank you, thank you. You are the best parents in the world!!! But don't ever leave without me again".
“It’s not a question of you being capable or not. You owe it to William. He didn’t fall in love with the man you are now. He fell in love with the man you were before. The man you still are, without all this anger, grief, sadness and alcohol. Allow you to be yourself again, John Watson.”
"Yes, I do, because werewolves are the only creatures capable of slaying ghouls. It's the only way to end with this nightmare".
"That's a caloric breakfast," John shouted, much to the detective's astonishment. The doctor regained his strength thanks to the infiltration, the water and two energy bars Sherlock gave to each of them.
They ate in the garden, John in shorts and Sherlock naked. When the detective was threatening to stop eating, the doctor teased the tip of his cock with his foot, forcing him to finish his plate. The detective was so close that he needed no more than a couple of rubs to edge the orgasm. John stopped, looking at him with a mischievous expression. To Sherlock's despair, John decided they would take a nap on the deckchairs. His pleas were futile. John closed his eyes quietly, dozing beside a frustrated detective with his nerves' on fire, trying to get his mind off a body screaming for coming.
And if the car wasn't enough, several New Scotland Yard squad cars with their blue roof lights escorted them at the first corner. One was driven by Donovan and other by Anderson, whom John also invited, along with several other Yarders with whom the doctor spent his pub nights. Since what happened with Eurus, Donovan started behaving with Sherlock as he would do with his colleagues. Otherwise, John would not have invited her.
The little girl nodded, excited by the idea and run to the next tent, trying not to make a sound. Sherlock went to the others, waking the rest of the child. Soon all of them were wearing their pajamas, jackets and boots, shivering with cold, but they didn’t have time for more. The kids were doing their best to be silent, though some of them couldn’t give small excited shouts, quickly silenced by Sherlock. He picked up his backpack.
"Why? What do you think? I thought you figured it out by now. But you always miss something. Money and power, little brother".
Both chuckled, and Tony rolled his eyes. That looked like an alumni meeting. Natasha came up to him.
Greg was crouched over the longshoreman's body, looking for a clue with Anderson that would let them know what had happened. But they had nothing. He swore to himself. When they got stuck, they went to Sherlock. But now, apparently, he had one escaped Sherlock in New York and another in London killing people.
Sherlock opened one of the cells and pulled out a large drawer that was in it. He opened it and started throwing guns and automatic rifles at Sholto and the others. He stopped when he reached John.
John watched him leave with a heavy heart, remembering the ambulance ride out of Magnussen's office after Mary shot him, the second time he almost lost Sherlock. A chill ran down his back as they all got in the plane, Mark and Luke pushing Mike and forcing him to seat and the aircraft took off for London.
"Yes, she can do it," the elder Holmes opened his mouth, but the DI cut him off. "It's her house. Just because Sherlock lives here doesn't give you the right to enter."
The man smiled and approached him. He took the voice scrambler from his mouth, and Greg's voice filled the room
"Don't worry," smiled Natasha, observing the detective's distressed gesture. "It's fun, you'll see."
“It will be an adventure” was saying Sherlock, trying desperately to convince the kids to remain there
"He is still playing the violin, sir," assured one of the officers, trying to contain his voice tremor.
"God… Sherlock," he closed his eyes, panting, mad with desire, "let me…" the plead dissolved in a loud moan.
They all heard giggles and then a voice asking if they could guess what was happening at Baker Street right now.
"None of you will go to jail," replied Sherlock, giving each of them one of the papers Bill had been folding. "Ask for DI Lestrade and give him this note. They will let you go immediately."
"Ahmmmmmm John mmmm fuck I..." Sherlock closed his eyes, trashing his head wildly. He grabbed John by his neck, kissing him deeply, almost fucking John's mouth with his tongue, making him growl in pleasure, his legs trembling both for the effort and the closeness of his orgasm.
The doctor, obsessed with the idea of bringing Mike back, didn't listen to him. His enthusiasm heightened by that of Bill and the others when he called them to join the search team. In John's head, Sherlock's arguments about something not fitting in were reduced to a tantrum.
"Do you want to come?" John asked, and Sherlock nodded frantically, clasping his hands on John back. John's cock was driving him to the point of delirium. He stuck his teeth into John's shoulder, making him hiss in pain and groan in pleasure.
“Debts.“ Sherlock waved the file in his hands. “Five years ago there were three similar cases, unsolved, of course,“ he threw a meaningful look at Anderson, “so the nurse decided it was a great and unpunished way of making a living. She ran out of money and started killing again.”
He threw his head back, looking at the sky, wails shaking his body. He shook his head, refusing to accept John was there, and then he threw himself forward until he let his head touched the dirt, sobbing loudly.
"Bruce and Clint gave him permission. Before I came, Clint was contacting Wong to open a portal. The boy is a fan of yours and wanted to see if you had any heads in the refrigerator," he repeated Peter's words with some derision.
Lestrade paused for a few moments, breathlessly, trying to get some air. He picked up the phone and sighed with relief at the sight of the smallest of the cover bars in green. Very weak, but it would do. He waved his thumb to press the send button.
“Stupid idiot,” said Lestrade and both chuckled as the DI helped the detective to get on the car. Sherlock rested his head on the head restraint, closed his eyes and sighed, visibly relieved.
"Well," Sherlock separated him a little so that he could look at the doctor, "you can't ask for a miracle and be surprised that it came true."
"oh nggggggggggggggggggg fucking god," whined hard the detective, the contrast between John's hot breath and the coldness of the ice driving him mad, his cock dripping profusely, the sensation spreading from his nipples throughout his whole body.
Sherlock could see the gambler debating with himself internally. He surely needed the many for paying his debts, but he wanted to live. Sherlock pressed harder the barrel against his head.
They found the fugitives lying in the same spot Sherlock left them, exhausted after have been trying to free themselves from the boundaries during hours. As the officers proceed to arrest them, Lestrade went back to the group, shaking his head, astonished.
"Shhhhhhhhhhh, relax, love," whispered Sherlock, gently running his fingers through John's scalp. The doctor sighed and relaxed a bit. Sherlock added slight pressure to his scalp, moving his hands in small circular motions, from the top of his head to his temples. He felt John's whole body relax as he rotated his fingers on in a slow, circular movement. The detective smirked when, along with a content hmmm, the doctor moaned softly, his body melting at the detective's touch.
Bill nodded. John wanted him to conduct the ceremony, and Sherlock agreed. John's old army buddy was thrilled to attend the wedding of those two idiots who had taken more than ten years to realize what was evident to the rest of the world.
"Fuck" groaned Sherlock, his cock getting fully hard quickly. He arched his back and whimpered loudly. The vibration stopped, and he wailed with need. Panting, he tried to calm down. When he felt himself a little less close to orgasm, he kept on cooking.
Exhausted, he lay down on the floor, trying to catch his breath when he heard a yelp and some whines of pain mixed with growls and howls.
"Peter's pulse is racing," announced F.R.I.D.A.Y. over the intercom, causing Ironman to turn to Peter. He looked at him, then at Strange, then at John again.
He was still wearing his sling, but with the treatment and the physical therapy, it hurt much less, and he was regaining the range of motion in his shoulder. At Mycroft's house, he was healing in leaps and bounds.
"I'm always in charge, soldier," he whispered, making the detective moan again as his cock throbbed between them. A small, naughty smile appeared on the detective's face as he sank his head between the doctor's neck and collarbone.
Sherlock's breath hitched when, instead, his hands ran along the skin of the back of his thighs, where they met the arsecheeks, slowly addressing towards his hips. Sherlock giggled and moaned, trying to avoid the arousing tickling sensation, even more as John's hands softly caressed the skin on his hips, reaching his groin, almost, almost, almost, almost touching his cock, but neglecting it at the end.
"Ohhhhhhhhhh" moaned John, relaxing at Sherlock's touch, as the skilled violinist's fingers massaged his toes gently. Sherlock moved slowly towards the ankle bone of the inside of John's leg.
John backed away, rejoicing in Sherlock's vision. His arse was not only gorgeous, beautiful, soft, and ready to be fucking madly, but one of his most sensitive places. He was easily overwhelmed with sensations at the touch of John's tongue, fingers or cock, and became a kind of bronco wild horse, trashing, bucking, and twisting madly.
Everett closed his eyes, summoning up the courage to say what he had been silent about for so long. If he didn't do it now, he would never do it. He worried his lower lip, thoughtful and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath and mental run, just like an athlete would do before the long jump. The difference, his was a leap into the void, a fall into an abyss from which only Stephen could save him.
"I'm waiiiiiting," crooned John, grabbing his cock and stroking himself slowly. "I'll explain to you what's going to happen from now on. If I come before you find your way down here, I'll happily go to bed to sleep while you'll have to spend the night hanging there, hard and unable to come ".
John kissed Sherlock's head, noting how he huddled even more against him without letting go of his phone. After a few minutes, the detective's breathing became regular, but John knew that he was only pretending to sleep. He kissed his hair and sighed, worried, wondering what had frightened him so much.
"Bullshit!" Sherlock was so furious that tears of rage welled up. With clenched fists, he could barely contain the urge to pounce on his brother and beat him. "You could not have told him. You could have sent any team to rescue him. You knew what would happen as soon as John found out one of his men was still a prisoner in Afghanistan".
The room was filled with pants, gasps, and moans coming from the mouth of someone desperate for release.
The doctor bent and licked Sherlock's neck, move his tongue on the tendon, and Greg mirrored him, licking the soft and hot skin, his nose filled with the detective's aroma. Sherlock jumped a bit and then moaned softly at the contact of both tongues that moved from his neck towards his collarbones.
Everett opened his mouth to warn her, but the detective, always on top, muffled the sound by gagging him with tape. The knob turned slowly, the door opened, and the barrel of a gun appeared.
John chuckled and pushed two fingers inside Sherlock, thrusting them in and out, opening the detective again.
When they began to sing, the girl, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson started advancing towards the doctor, their steps to the music's rhythm. When they passed in front of Irene, she threw a kiss to Molly, who wrinkled his nose in a tender gesture. John couldn't help smiling at the song lyrics, so accurate for Sherlock and he:
Mycroft smiled and kissed him back, a bit unsure, still surprised at how easy it had been to talk to Lestrade, to open his heart to him and that the DI, unlike the others, hadn't ripped it to shreds.
"Besides, he was with Doctor Watson. With the bad blood he has, they are fucked" he gestured to the spirits.
"To the worst possible place," he replied. He turned to the others. "Don't separate yourselves, and pay no attention to what you see or hear."
"No cots, no barracks, nothing like that. Even if they had picked up, if it were a permanent base, there would be something else left. And certainly, no prisoner has been held here for ten years."
John shoved his cock in Sherlock's mouth as deep as he could, almost howling as he came inside the detective's mouth, mixing his cum with the water. When the doctor pushed him back, unable to stand more stimulation. Sherlock emerged from the water, coughing hard, a smug smile in his red and swollen lips.
It was Sherlock who canted his hips, and their cocks rubbed one against other, deliciously driving both mad.
The doctor let out an obscene loud moan when the detective sank his mouth around his cock. Sherlock's mouth was always heaven, but when he was not allowed to come, it was the paradise, so greedy, hot and wet, and with that sinfully skilled tongue…
"Okay, you can come..." John almost felt sorry when he noticed the momentary relief on the detective's face "but not yet."
“Careful, fucktoy” warned Sebastian. Then he softened his tone “I’m impressed. I always thought you would die in that alley. But look at you, the only consulting detective in the world. And as appetizing as always” he said, caressing one of Sherlock’s cheeks. The detective jerked violently.
"I… I can't …mmmmm. I ahhhhhhhhhhh holy shit!" he cursed when John slammed his cock harder inside him, grunting with each push.
"He was an addict. His body metabolizes sedatives and any kind of chemical faster than ours," replied Mycroft.
"Come on, Mycroft," said Irene "Do you think nobody realized it? It's obvious you share anything more with him apart from Sherlock."
“Wait here,“ she simply said and disappeared into the room. She returned a couple of minutes later. ”Mr. Watson will receive you now.” She stepped aside and pointed to an adjacent door.
"Being face down," John explained in a didactic tone, lapping the nipple between words, "increases the flow of blood to your nipples, cock, and balls. Do you know what that means?"
John breathed heavily with his teeth clenched. The pain was so intense he wanted to scream, but he didn't want to scare Sherlock anymore. The doctor knew the detective could take anything except that he suffered. He clenched his teeth until they almost felt like they were breaking until Bill pulled out the needle. Seconds later, the pain in his shoulder started to subside. He sighed with relief.
Sherlock placed several tree's branches as seats into a circle. He sat on the bigger one and Rosie sat on his leg to eat her sandwich. Some minutes later, Sarah climbed next to Rosie. The detective tried to get her back to her branch, but she didn’t move an inch and Rosie asked him to let her friend at her side. Then, Mike mimicked them and climbed to his other leg, after he appeared Paul… and soon, the sleuth was almost buried by the kids.
The DI moaned when he felt his cock surrounded by wet, warm, and wanton lips. He was so concentrated in John's cock that he didn't realize Donovan, wearing only her panties and bra, crawled under him and started sucking and licking the tip of his cock. She bobbed her head up and down, making Greg moan, which made John grunt and moan, the doctor easing Sherlock's cock from his mouth and stroking it painfully slowly, as he tried not to come instantly watching Greg sucking his cock while being sucked by Donovan.
"No, John, Sherlock loves you. That's why he stays at home with you. He also needs time to process all of this. You just make sure he doesn't do anything stupid, okay?"
"Sir," shouted the SAS sergeant, driving at full speed, forcing the occupants without seats to hold on as best they could so as not to be thrown back and forth inside the huge truck by the strong swaying and jumping, as it ran over the dunes.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaarg" he roared, helpless and frustrated when Mycroft tried to stop him again, making his boyfriend jump back a bit.
John took advantage of this moment to sink his tongue into Sherlock's hole and fuck him with it while he rubbed Sherlock's perineum with his hand, massaging his prostate from the outside.
"You didn't have to kill him," groaned Everett, looking at the man's lifeless body who Homest just shot in the forehead to take his car away from him. "Just with showing him the gun, he would have given it to you. You can't go around killing people."
Suddenly, everything fell silent. Disconcerted, Irene watched how the attackers halted the attack, returned to their cars and abandoned the building; in the distance, they listen to police sirens approaching. She doubted that this was what had caused them to retreat and leave their mansion.
"That is another kind of…" Mycroft couldn't continue the sentence, because Lestrade covered his boyfriend's mouth with his hand, to the girl's amusement. They could be so silly sometimes!...
Thank God, Lestrade stirred up heaven and earth looking for cases, old or new, whose files he left at the door of the flat. John, wearing a mask and gloves, picked it up and kept in locked in his old bedroom until the preventive period of twenty-four hours for the virus to disappear from the paper passed, at which time Sherlock threw himself at them like a hungry wolf.
"Rosie seems to have exerted a notable influence on her. So all she asked was to be able to spend some time with our daughter every month and requested Sherlock to arrange a romantic date with Molly".
Sherlock managed to get rid of John's hands and, stroking him with his hand, he licked his balls and then put one in his mouth.
Until now, when Mycroft told him his agents found him, he didn't hesitate twice. He had a chance to bring him back home, as he should have done after the ambush.
"Leave me alone; don't take another step! I don't want to hear any more from you. Can't you think about anyone else but yourself? It's over, damn it, this is over. As soon as we get home... fuck, and I was complaining about Sherlock. Fucking Holmes..."
“Don't fuck with me all right?” he pushed John back, hard, but the doctor remained firmly in his place, looking at him. ”Don't fuck with me, John, not you”.
"John……. John, no mmmmmmmmmmmm” gasped the detective, as John penetrated Sherlock's ass again, this time with two fingers, and yet, he put his cock in his mouth all the way in, while with the other hand he held Sherlock's hips to prevent him from bucking uncontrollably.
John and Greg run next to her. Hundreds of zombies were climbing by the façade, trying to reach their window.
She sat at the table next to the Chief Superintendent and opened the dossier, reading it hastily, hoping to find some clue that would have gone unnoticed to his teammates. The room was filled with the sound of footsteps, conversations and waves of laughter while the journalists sat down. Soon there was silence. The Chief Superintendent pointed to one of them.
They remained still for a few moments, the silence only broken by the crackling of the swing holds as it swung forward and backward, the two of them breathing hard, staring at each other, until, between pants and soft moans, John pulled out form Sherlock and lied at his side, the two of them enjoying the sweet rocking of the harness.
He stood up and approached Sherlock, slowly unbuttoning the detective’s shirt, as Sherlock writhed, trying to avoid the contact of Sebastian's fingers and fighting with the bounds.
Lestrade was surprised to be able to give orders. He detached himself from the emotional part, from the part that was compromised by the pain of losing John, and only acted with his rational side, guided only by the idea of arriving as soon as possible with Sherlock.
Mycroft usurped his armchair. At first, he thought that the presence of the Avengers intimidated him into doing so with Sherlock's, as he used to do to annoy him when he visited him in Baker Street. Still, he realized that he sat on it after Lestrade leaned on the chair's arm, and both were physically very close and unusually relaxed. And not just relaxed. Mycroft was... happy if that expression could be applied to the British Government. He had even, at some point, smiled at Lestrade.
Mycroft bit his lips to hide a smile and made a supreme effort not to kiss Lestrade, who was striving for the same thing while holding back the urge to greet those on either side of the procession to watch them.
"You can call it what you like, but it's still disgusting, just like you," snarled the detective, carefully probing the area around the wound and looking at his brother".
Sherlock looked at Mycroft, struggling with all his strength to get rid of the men who held him. To a Clay sign, they dragged him under the arcades surrounding the courtyard, followed by the Serbian, who limped behind them, his only eye fixed in Sherlock, shining with of hate, anger and cruelty.
The man chuckled, grabbed a framed picture of the wall, took it out, and replaced it with Sherlock, his husband, and their daughter.
The sentence "When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge." belongs to the "Adventure of the Speckled Band" and Sherlock says it referring to Doctor Roylott.
"Sherlock will kill the people who stabbed you, John. You know it. Remember the American agent who beaten Mrs. Hudson?"
Both entered the aircraft. The Major paused in surprise at the sight of the occupants occupying all but two of the seats in the plane.
Running steps came from the stairs, and more police officers entered the room. This distracted the zombies, split into two groups, attacking the new arrivals, and the other focused on John and the others. Only one of the living dead remained behind, turned to the window, and started making a guttural sound.
The doctor smirked and traced the same path on the other cheek, tortuously slow, all his senses focused on Sherlock: the vision of his body trembling and twisting, the sound of his moans and groans, the softness of his skin under his hands, the mixed smell of Sherlock and sex..., in all the sensations provided by the detective's body under his caresses, which made his own cock about to explode... Playing with Sherlock's body was hypnotic, mainly when all his senses where involved.
His cock leaked more in John's hands, as the doctor kept with the teasing, his finger traveling tortuously slowly over his gland. Sherlock let out a loud groan.
"To Mycroft? No, I don't think it'll do any good. Sherlock told me he hadn't forgiven him yet for wining him at his war game when Sherlock was five".
Irene looked at her, surprised and smiled at the child's clairvoyance. Jealous that was the word. When she asked John if he was jealous in that hangar, she did it because it was she who was dead jealous of the evident infatuation (for her, not for those two idiots) that the detective felt for the doctor and that, well she knew, Sherlock would never feel for her. But the doctor wasn't able to put two and two together.
Whatever he was going to say was lost when John grabbed his lower lip between his teeth and pulling a bit, both lost in each other's eyes, softly licking his lips. John winked and crawled back down to Sherlock's groin, licking the sensitive skin under his balls, to devour Sherlock's cock., engulfing it, lips sealed tightly around it while he bobbed his head, sucking it hard and deep, as the detective buried his hands in the sand, shivering, moaning, leaking and pleading for more with breathy moans.
Greg moaned at the noises the detective made. Sherlock licked his cock all over the shaft, flicking his tongue on the frenulum, teasing him to finally close his lips around him again, easing the shaft further inside his mouth. Greg threw his head back, his tights trembled, and his hips bucked, making his cock going deeper inside Sherlock's mouth, the warmth of his mouth and his reddish lips due to the friction getting him mad.
Suddenly, he was again the child that nobody liked. The child that was insulted and segregated at the school, the child that, on a daily basis, was cornered, bullied and beaten by his school mates for being different, making him feel dreadful just for being himself.
"And this is only the first day. Wait for me to finish with you. You will build here a Baker Street replica."
"When they shot you, the memory of what happened to Anthony came back to me. I didn't know what was going to happen, but I was sure I didn't want to lose you. With Anthony..., I was reluctant to get married. I fear I could spoil everything, and one of the things I regretted most was not having accepted before. So when you got back on the plane, despite everything that happened, I decided to ask you at the first opportunity".
"Freak!!!!" Donovan's angry voice was audible from the other side, "Open the door. You could fool Lestrade and Mycroft, but not me. I know you are there with John. I swear I'll be the one putting you in handcuffs in the squad car!".
"Ooops," John took his cock out of him, and Sherlock unwrapped his legs and put his feet on the floor.
Greg pulled out both fingers but, to Mycroft's frustration, he didn't insert a third. The submissive knew what that meant and resigned himself to feeling the silicone touch of the dildo Greg was putting inside his hole, fucking him with it. He chose a narrow and thin one, very different from his big and thick cock, so that Mycroft was well aware of the difference. Still, the brushing against his prostate every time Greg shove it inside him, and Lestrade now and then Lestrade pulling the chain that attached the nipple clamps while stroked his glans, made him squirm, desperate to come, to open his mouth and moan madly, to beg Lestrade to fuck him and never stop.
The children replied with a disappointed ooooooooh. Then they grouped together and whispered between them.
“It is incredible how much disrespect reigns in your department, DI Donovan” John replied. He turned to Anderson” I understand this man was your superior, and only for that you owe him some respect.
"You don't know how long I've dreamed about this, whit shutting your big mouth up with my cock… I'm going to fuck you so hard that you won't be able to talk in weeks," he said, unbuttoning and unzipping his trousers.
"It's easy" replied the landlady, taking an automatic rifle, removing the cartridge clip to see if it was loaded, putting it back in place with a sharp tap and giving it to an amazed Molly.
She took her phone and surfed Internet for a while. Finally she took the keys of the car, got into it and drove at full speed to her destiny. She will achieve the DI position someday. But she would do it in the correct way.
"Nothing, nothing. Don't mind me. It's just... nothing," she stood up, dragging the chair tightly, panic reflected on her face. "Sorry I have to go."
The detective scowled at him surprised by the DI's smug and jocular tone. A few seconds later, his mouth dropped, and he stared at the DI, annoyed and in awe.
"Well, I guess after since you read the letter, it doesn't matter yet. I didn't tell John because… that way I could daydream."
Suddenly the doctor started slamming into the detective at a brutal pace, making Sherlock howl out with pleasure every time John’s cock hit .his prostate, the doctor thrusting even harder, hitting Sherlock prostate again and again. The detective’s howls reached new levels when John started stroking his cock, grabbing it firmly, at the same pace as his trusts, making Sherlock’s eyes roll back, his mouth open, losing in the drowning pleasure of John’s tireless and relentless cock,
"Oh, no, I don't think so, I'm sure I'll find better ways to convince him," Greg naughtily said. "Do you want me to talk to him?"
The kitchen was in the same state. Sherlock removed all appliances from where they were fitted, torn off cupboards doors, and scattered all their contents on the floor. The walls had the same holes from ripping out the wiring and searching for electronics. The instruments that Sherlock used for his experiments were broken and scattered on the floor. From the unplugged refrigerator, a nauseating smell was doubtless from some part of a body decomposing due to lack of cold.
"But exotic matter, having negative mass, repels it, as if it were an anti-gravity," continued Sherlock.
"I know you have to say he is not in, but she has been restless all night. Sherlock is almost like her son and..."
John frowned. He didn't quite understand what the DI was talking about, but the thought that his daughter might be in danger filled him with anger and fear.
The detective came instantly, wildly jerking his hips, tensing his body, moans, and grunts stifled by Anderson's cock, who kept torturing the detective's throat, enjoying all the sounds that came from it.
Lestrade knew she was right. If they weren’t able to stop the detective, he would kill a man in front of more than ten Scotland Yard officers.
"Because to do that, he would have to pull the stick out of his ass and talk to me. But truly talk to me. Without Holmesiades."
“Please, Doctor Watson, accept our excuses,” begged Paul’s father, “We said awful things, we know, we were worried and frightened and…”
They lined up, standing at attention, letting Mycroft take a look at them with a critical eye one by one, smoothing out a wrinkle here, removing a thread there, or fixing a collar.
He pepped in the first-floor windows. The cottage seemed empty. He surrounded it slowly and when he was about to reach the door, he almost passed out in relief.
Sherlock avoided touching the tips by now. They were so aroused that they would come in an instant if he did it. He wanted to enjoy that sight of John, his slightly opened mouth, his brows furrowed, concentrated in the slow increase of pleasure, as Sherlock jerked them off leisurely.
Frustrated, fuming, disappointed and hurt, John couldn't understand why Sherlock returned there. To be honest, he hadn't let him explain either, shouting at him that he didn't want to listen to him every time the detective opened his mouth to answer until a  nurse threatened to kick John out of the hospital if she heard him shout again.
The woman nodded and stood up. She looked at Donovan, Craig, Molly and Mrs Hudson, all of whom had the distressed paint on their faces.
After the fight with Sherlock, the older Holmes locked himself in, slamming the door in the DI's face, without the slightest explanation. Lestrade went to the cot alone and furious, wondering why the hell he was dating that man.
Suddenly, a flash in the dusk light caught his attention. He ran to the nearest grave, stirred the ground, and drew something out of the dirt. Sholto and the other soldiers lowered their heads and closed their eyes in grief. Lestrade and Mycroft paled, realizing what Sherlock had in his hands.
Sherlock nodded, inviting him to take it with a movement of the gun. He rummaged in the drawer, took the phone out and showed it to Sherlock.
"Aahhhhhh," moaned Sherlock, noticing a massive whip of pleasure running through his body from his nipple to his cock.
"Don't get too excited. I'm waiting for your explanation. And if it's not good, I'll beat the crap out of you."
"You heard him, quarantine at Baker Street. Basically, how they get past the quarantine. According to the Internet, Dr. Watson inadvertently connected the signal to his blog, and from there to the webcams, they must have in the living room or the kitchen, I don't know. But it's a lot of fun".
The detective made a small incision to widen the open wound on his brother's cheekbone. Then he dug into it with the tweezers, while Mycroft clenched his teeth for the mixture of pain and cringe.
"I don't want you to get a big head, but… You're a fucking sex god. Too good to be true", gasped Sherlock, his body still shaking a bit as John laughed proudly, intertwined his hands with Sherlock, and bent down to kiss him gently, waiting for Sherlock's orgasm subdue totally.
John slowly moved his hands up towards Sherlock's inner tights, rubbing the tips of the fingers on them. The detective stifled a moan and shivered, his cock getting even harder as John caressed the join between the hips and the tights, grunting when the doctor softly grabbed and squeezed his balls, then released the pressure. John softly traced his fingers up and down his cock and around his balls, and the detective moaned loudly, making Anderson groan in pleasure with the vibration around his cock.
“To Baker Street?" she asked with disdain, "To beg him to help us?“ Lestrade stirred uncomfortably. Donovan wasn't reasonable and, definitely, not helpful. Anyway, he didn’t want to argue with his subordinated, so remained silent while listening to the woman’s wailing, “I'll better go home.”
"A compelling anti-gravity force, capable of exerting a great deal of pressure on space-time, more pressure than there would be at the core of a neutron star," continued Tony, "and that will keep the passageway between universes open."
The detective nodded. The harness wrapped his back and had a headrest, so he didn't feel any tension. The gentle rocking produced by John while manipulating the ropes was relaxing, while he enjoyed the almost zero gravity sensation of being suspended several feet above the ground.
The sleuth leveraged his advantage and hit the two of them. Then he cut several flexible bush branches and intertwined them to get a kind of strong rope he used to immobilize the fugitives.
"Calm down, Sherlock, it's all right," replied John. "He's not John. I am John. He's Everett Ross, a C.I.A. agent."
He stood up and assumed a fighting stance, cautiously circling the man. The man threw a storm of punches, trying to reach the detective. Instead of counteracting them, Sherlock simply ducked or blocked the blows, trusting his fast catlike reflexes and taking his time to scan the man. Jaundice for a liver close to cirrhosis caused by excess alcohol. Oedematous wrists due to renal failure because of dehydration. Swollen knees for lack of cartilage due to overexertion…
A daily half-hour walk? No matter where they were or how much John protested that he wanted to walk a little further, at half an hour, with atomic clock's precision, Sherlock hailed a cab, and they returned to Baker Street.
Four of the SAS members, the homeless, Mycroft, Lestrade, and Sholto, turned inward, gazing in amazement at the open graves, noting, as Sherlock did, they had always been empty.
John grabbed the detective by his sides, inviting him to turn around. John caressed Sherlock’s inner tights, as the detective moaned again, the doctor hands traveling from his knees to the point where the legs met the hips, avoiding to touch the detective’s cock that throbbed inside his pants, aching for attention.
"I think you've had enough tea today," said Sherlock taking the teapot out of John's hand." Let's get you out of here, Buzz."
"He was trying on her swimsuit," replied Violet Holmes," By a miracle, she didn't come out just wearing it. She has been waiting for hours."
They entered the headquarters' room. John looked around, closing and opening his left hand, not very impressed. He knew the Holmeses' methods.
"Your armchair and the Union Jack Doodle's cushion! And Mr. Holmes' armchair. And the skull!" he went over to take it. "Is it true it is from a friend of Mr. Holmes?"
"Look who's talking," Steve whispered in Bruce's ear, and they both laughed, amused. They stopped when Tony looked at them, raising his eyebrow.
The officers, who had witnessed ferocious fights between them, looked at each other and the landlady with compassionated air. That poor woman lived outside of reality.
"When you and Sherlock moved here, Irene came to... to collect the debt that Sherlock had contracted with her".
"I only have two. First, no pain. I don't find any pleasure in pain. Second, I don't want to be touched, licked, caressed, sucked or fucked by a stranger, and by a stranger, I mean any human being that it's not you."
Both he and Greg tried to rub the detective's prostate at the same time, driving him mad with the unsteady rhythm.
John Watson turned his attention away from her and looked around the room, searched for something. He raised some of the papers that populated his table and turned the chair to do the same with the dresser under the mirror. While doing that, he was muttering under his breath, clearly getting irritated.
"I said, get back to bed!" he repeated, "the last you need is to reopen the wound! But what the hell is wrong with you?!!"
Another group of officers approached with the fugitives from the dolmen and made all of the prisoners get into the squad cars, on the way to the police station.
Moran approached Sherlock, moving his fists in front of his face to guard him. He had been practicing boxing during all his life, was taller and more corpulent, and the lanky detective wouldn’t be a rival for him. But Sherlock proved to be more nimble than he supposed, and easily dodged several blows, responding to them with hard and quick strikes he found difficult to counteract.
"Don't complain," replied the detective, plugging in the kettle to make him tea. "The first time you fucked me, I had to use a cushion for a week, and I limped."
He thought about disappearing again, letting John keep on with his new life, but he had lost so many opportunities in the past…. And maybe, only maybe, he arrived on time to get John back, to see John standing back and leaving the woman alone in the table because his true love came back from the dead.
"It's a pity you are punished," Mycroft couldn't help but moan, which was immediately corrected by another whipping. "But since you're behaving well, let's do one thing. If you can get me to come in the next five minutes, I'll let you come."
"Mrs. Hudson, don't you remember? Sherlock told us they were going on a trip," she shouted, cheerful.
She waved to a nurse who guided them through the corridors, setting them up in a large room with stretchers.
They opened the door to the flat and stormed in. The flat was dark. Sherlock, aware he was being watched, had covered the windows with thick blankets, except for the strip where he was seen from the window.
Thor hurled himself to where Steve had disappeared, wielding Stormbreaker hard, knocking out spirits and throwing them left and right, opening a gap for the captain.
"No, I brought them the day Craig and I came here," Anthea replied, giving her an automatic rifle, avoiding looking at her.
"You... you told me once that you weren't a hero. There were times I didn't even think that you were human, but let me tell you this: you were the best man and the most human... human being that I've ever known and no-one will ever convince me that you told me a lie..."
"No. I didn't. I love you, remember. I want to start with you a new life. She… it wasn't too hard for her to imagine that, as soon as you could, you'd come back to Baker Street".
"It seems that we have been left alone," he mused and closed his eyes. Could someone be more stupid?"
Lestrade was sat on the floor, surrounded by boxes, folders, papers… his hair was even more grey than usual due to the dust, and his dark trousers were also greyish. A fine cloud of little particles surrounded him as he flipped the pages of several reports.
"No, you won't. You have to protect this world from people like him, from all the bullies that want to hurt and crush good people. The world will be lost without you".
Sherlock sat down in one of the seats, Peter next to him. The detective noticed a flash in the sky. Mycroft's helicopters were looking for him.
They opened the suits bags and gasped. In each one, a stylish Midnight Navy Blue suit in wool, with a white shirt and pearl-grey tie, black belt, and cuff links.
Both remained silent for a while, John stroking Sherlock's hair, the detective comforted by the firm, rhythmic beating of John's heart. He pressed his head against the doctor's chest and closed his eyes, trying to calm himself down. The thought of almost losing John still terrified him.
In the warehouse, Clay looked incredulously at Mycroft as Lestrade put the handcuffs on him, as violently, as he could.
But they were the same as always. He looked at Sherlock, wrapped in his Belstaff, walking fast, proud and self-confidently, frowning in a gesture of concentration, without apparently paying attention to the man who walked beside him, striving to keep his pace.
John blinked, stretching and sighed, looking out the window. It was early, the day was beginning to clear, but the sun had not yet risen. Careful not to wake Sherlock up, he slipped out of his arms (no easy task; the detective should have been an octopus in one of his previous lives, and kept his trapping skills intact).
She looked at the table, looking for something to pull herself together. If her mind was blank until then, it stopped dead with a squeak when she saw the name in front of her in the identification sign in front of her: "Detective Inspector S. Donovan."
Exhausted, John leaned his head on the detective's shoulder, and Sherlock kissed his head, both still shivering a bit.
Bill, Luke, and Henri threw the shovels. Exhausted, their hands bleeding, they sat on the edge of the last of the holes they had dug.
John took two glasses and gave one Sherlock, who observed him as he filled them with rose champagne,
John took a sponge, poured in soap, and began to rub the detective's shoulders and back, relaxing his muscles under his massage.
Donovan looked up in surprise, even more so when Molly motioned for her to join them, walking towards the door. Together they climbed the seventeen steps to 221B. She walked in and gaped.
Before Mycroft could make the slightest move, the two of them lunged at him. The elder Holmes didn't stand a chance against them, and as one held him down, the other stripped him naked with ease. When all his clothes were on the floor, they put a collar on him, tied his hands to a bar hanging from the ceiling, and spread his legs, and left them apart with a separation bar.
Sat in front of him, there was a man, wearing a blue robe and a red cloak with a strange medallion hanging from his neck.
It took Donovan several seconds to realize that all eyes were fixed on her. She opened her mouth and closed it again. She heard a chuckle in the background.
"Hello, we, the players' parents, are going to have a little lunch together," she said in English, making a broad gesture towards the children with whom Rosie had been playing, "and we wanted to know if you would like to join us."
“Mark my words, Sherlock Holmes. Next time you refer to yourself as a high functional psychopath or whatever similar shit, I will make you call Mycroft and tell him what you just told me”.
John headed for the elevator, hitting hard the ground with his cane at every step. When the doors were about to close, Lestrade slipped between them.
John smiled at the memory of their first kiss. Probably the worst kiss on the list of the worst kisses in history. But, for the two of them, the most wonderful, perfect, and long-desired kiss, that erased the pain and guilt of the past, facing them towards a new future together.
Greg soon matched John's pace, pushing inside Sherlock's mouth at the same time John pulled outside, so the detective always had a cock inside him. On more than one occasion, the sleuth tried to move his mouth away from Greg's cock to moan and cry freely in absolute ecstasy, but Greg didn't allow him to do it. Sherlock was giving him the best mind blowing-fucking great blow job of his life, and he didn't want to miss a second of it.
"You will find something you like better on that shelf," advised Bart, pointing to the left wall. John, curious, came over too. These were novels for young people, the complete works of Jules Verne, Emilio Salgari, Roal Dahl, Michale Ende, Johnatan Swift, Mark Twain, Robert Louis Stevenson, Lewis Carroll, CS Lewis, Charles Dickens, all ordered by author and within each author by size. And it was just a shelf.
"Good morning, Greg," Mrs. Hudson's voice made him turn around. She was all dressed in black, and that vitality that characterized her was gone. A sad smile, eyes red from crying, steps slow and hesitant, the landlady seemed to have aged decades.
"I thought so, too, but... Do you remember Joy?" Sherlock shook his head, pulling the string, making Mycroft hissed "it's Anthea's assistant. It was, rather. Two days after I was inoculated, I tried to open my cheekbone and remove whatever they put there. While I was doing it, I got a call saying his car just exploded with him inside. Gregory would be next."
Even Donovan and Anderson looked worried not only for the doctor but even for Sherlock. Moreover, he had to answer the continued calls from a distressed and tearful Mrs. Hudson, asking for a hint about her boys at least twice a day.
Sherlock's cock started hardening again. The security and firmness with which John worked, the authority he emanated without a single word, drove him mad and lead him to melt in the doctor's hands. He still was amazed that letting John take charge of him, tie him up, and handle him as he pleased, made him feel completely safe, cared, and relaxed.
The boy, looking at the ground, nodded slightly and scrapped the ground with the tip of his foot, his hands crossed behind his back.
They smoked together because if after almost being killed by a darkness’ army wasn’t the bloody perfect time to smoke, which could it be?
Another moan reached the officers’ ears, and both suppressed a wicked giggle. It wasn’t necessary since the detective couldn’t hear them. They were in a van on the other side of Baker Street. They just finished to intercept some suspects’ communications and, when driving in front of the consulting detective’s flat, their equipment caught a signal that, judging from what they were hearing, transmitted everything that happened in the flat.
"Which one do I choose?" she asked John and Sherlock who, a little further away, were looking at her, smiling, talking to Marnie, one of the dog shelter's volunteer. Both were relieved that, the moment Rosie saw the animals, all her worries vanished.
"After testifying, Sebastian tried to kill me twice. They enrolled me in a protection program for witnesses until the trial. But, I decided I didn't want to spend my life as John Smith, unable to practice medicine. So, as soon as I finished my studies, I enlisted in the army and went to Afghanistan. But I didn't count on being shot and coming back to London".
The voices and bangs from behind the door were more audible now, but none of the contenders paid attention to them, immersed in their fight.
"I'll bet you an ice-cream cone we will be on the BBC," whispered Sherlock to Rosie, who laughed, amused.
"I needed to be sure. I needed to find a way to..., to feel comfortable, to stop my mind from going against me. I didn't want you to start overthinking and worrying. I realized that I would feel comfortable if, even bottoming, I was in charge and even more so if while you were fucking me, you were being fucked too".
"No, no, Sherlock doesn't guess. He deduces," laughed John, sitting on the couch next to Peter, correcting the word in the article Peter was writing.
“According to your books, you are an expert in solving crimes, and in the way the Yard works, “Watson didn’t miss the woman’s offended tone, “so I thought you could be helpful for us.”
Sherlock sighed and sat on the sand. John, laughing, rushed to the shore, took Rosie in his arms, and ducked her into the sea until it reached his knees, while he pretended to throw Rosie into the water, to the girl's delight, who was clinging to the doctor's arms amidst shrieks and waves of laughter. When John saw the detective was on his feet, he walked to the shore, where Rosie ran to Sherlock, and the three of them returned to the house.
John chuckled, relieved. Sherlock would heal, not only his body, but also his soul. With this thought, some Mycroft's words came to his mind: "
“Whatever it is, blaming yourself is not worthy. Simply let know Sherlock you are at his side, supporting him. Knowing that he could get through anything. You are his conductor of light, remember? And now come down with me, I’ll prepare tea. But you’ll have to arrange this mess later, young boy”.
“Sherlock, listen to me. I want you to keep in mind only one thing this weekend. We have a great responsibility for taking those children with us. They are no kind of guinea pig you could experiment with. Do you understand this?
Lestrade and Mycroft went down the canalside steps of Granary Square, to the nearest to the river. It was almost deserted at that time of night, very different from its usual appearance during the day when groups of Londoners and tourists crowded into it to enjoy the midday sun.
Sally stuck out her tongue, amused. She and Sherlock still teased each other, but without the acrimony of before. The sergeant sat next to Anthea on one of the couches. The detective occupied another one, where also was Rosie until Sarah and Michaels's arrival, the detective leaning on one of the couch's arms, leaving his still painful back in the air, while Molly and Mrs. Hudson sat in another.
"I will wait here until he comes,' replied the landlady, turning resolutely to one of the waiting room chairs.
"You told me you were going to spend the night with Mycroft," he whispered to Sherlock in a reproachful tone.
"Of course. I'm improving your blood circulation. Just relax and enjoy," the detective replied, lowering his tone, caressing his inner tights again. This time his fingers almost reaching John's hips, while his throbbing cock tried to escape from his pants.
"John, I'm going to pass on to you the Holmes family's best-kept secret: how to get Mycroft to stop pushing you around."
She raised an eyebrow in a very Sherlockian way. She didn’t buy the lie, but she nodded and came back with her friends.
"I don't know how you managed to do this. I don't even know if this is real. But I want to thank you. Although when it's midnight, I'll be alone in Baker Street again".
“Actually,” said John extending his palm, “I think phones shouldn’t be allowed during the whole camp. Yours should be in the tent, as mine”.
The receptionist pressed her lips, offended. She was about to order the security team to make her leave the hall when a hurried, panting, and worried Molly rushed into the building, clearly chasing the landlady.
“On the third day, I was driving a jeep and William was sat next to me. Suddenly, several snipers started shooting the convoy. William pounced on me, to serve me as a human-shield. Thanks to him, I only got shot in the shoulder.“ John gulped. “He wasn’t so lucky. He got shot in the abdomen and the chest. Our comrades dragged us out of the vehicle and left us in the gutter.“ He stared vacantly at some point on the wall. ”I couldn’t do anything for him. I, who had saved hundreds of soldiers life’s, couldn’t save my loved one.“ With every word, he hit his temples with his fists. ”I only was able to hold him in my arms until he died.”
"And if they had done their job properly, Sherlock would still be in Baker Street!" shouted back Mycroft.
Lestrade remained silent for a moment, eyes fixed nowhere. Donovan knew that he was fighting an internal battle and was confident that the generosity of the man and the desire tof returning to the front line of the fight against crime would win his wounded pride. She just waited.
"But what on earth is going on here?" asked Mycroft, doubting whether he was going mad in that room with two Sherlocks, two Johns, and five Avengers.
“I’ll explain everything to you at home” answered Sherlock, briefly gazing at the rest of the Yards surrounding them.
“Thank you for bringing our son to the hospital,” said the woman, taking John out of his thoughts. “We know he can be a bit annoying, always getting into trouble.”
Thanks to RogueFanKC to his comment about Moriarty's death. I'll take myself the liberty of using it in the work
"As if it were that easy," grunted him. He moved a millimeter away from the detective, who instinctively pressed himself even harder against John, muttering in his sleep, causing more muffled laughter among the ex-soldiers. Finally, the doctor achieved to free himself from the jumble of arms and legs without waking him up, got up, and sat down beside them.
"Breath, Sherlock," he whispered, and the detective emitted a chocked sound, following for loud moans as his body squirmed with the last throws of the orgasm.
Irene closed the door and returned to the room, where Rosie was reading, sat on one of the armchairs, her legs bent over her body, the book leaning on them. The Woman smiled. Even if she was not his daughter, she had an undeniable resemblance to Sherlock, mixed with John's stubbornness and determination.
Sherlock's legs spasmed. His cock, vibrated wildly inside John as he stroked his own cock, until he came with brutal force, arching his back, his moans matching Sherlock's in volume. John kept riding him through his climax while long strands of come landed on Sherlock's stomach. His body's spasm made his muscles tighten around Sherlock's cock, who, with a piercing shriek, came brutally, moans of pleasure mixed with shouts of pain, the most glorious and pleasurable pain he felt before.
The doctor stifled a guffaw. The detective had been the whole morning sulking about not having a case.
“GET OUT OF HERE!” The restaurant fell silent after John's outburst and all the faces turned to look at them.
He began to make complicated hand gestures, and the medallion on his chest opened, emitting a bright green light. Two green circles formed by ancient symbols appeared around his wrists, and he watched Sherlock.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He knew that look. John wouldn't change his mind. He'd made a decision, and he wouldn't change it.
Lestrade sighed. He and Sherlock's older brother were in his office at Scotland Yard. He delayed it as long as he could, but he couldn't skip the proceedings, nor could he obstruct justice himself.
When Greg came back to reality, Martha had turned off the TV. The woman sighed, put her laptop under the counter, and turned around to prepare the sandwiches. Suddenly she stopped and turned to Lestrade, Donovan, and the others as if she had realized something.
Then, he opened his mouth and gave off a guttural grunt that reverberated down his throat. A few minutes later, the big male reappeared from the forest and imitated the sound, making the female fallow deer and their babies to slowly left the children and join him in the woods, slowly disappearing from the sight of children. Rowan waved his hand, saying good-bye to them, and the kids imitated him, as well as Sherlock. Once they were out of his sight, Rosie and her friends burst into screams of joy, excitedly commenting all that happened since they left the camp in the night. Sherlock ran to them and hugged Rosie so hard the girl barely could breathe.
They both giggled and remained silent for a bit, Sherlock resting his head on John's chest, wrapped in the doctor's strong arms, while John softly stroked the detective's hair, giving the detective time to assume everything he went through during the last days.
"Their being on the streets does not invalidate the military experience they have, their knowledge of the terrain. Do you think Sherlock has chosen them at random? I highly doubt it."
"Clay boasted of being a Renaissance man, capable of many activities at once, and he said that he always, always, always surpassed his masters. He didn't drop the damn little phrase from his mouth, assuring he would surpass us too. He got obsessed with it. More and more every day. He said that the day he made it, he would climb to the top of Olympus or some such nonsense like that," Mycroft replied.
Holmes took off his hood and stroked his hair, stuck to his forehead by sweat. He acted with a mixture of hardness and sensitivity with him that had him puzzled. As if he felt towards him an infinite fury and great tenderness. Ross almost rendered to the touch. If he closed his eyes, it was almost like... No, no Everett, he told himself. Stop daydreaming. Focus yourself.
But, contrary to what he always feared, with Lestrade, the pain and the guilt did not destroy him, the sadness did not devour him. Instead, the gentle touch of Lestrade's hand, the firmness and softness with which he held his hand, his soft loving tone, helped him to cope with all that pain. Surprisingly for him, he felt relieved talking about it, finally being able to let Anthony go.
They kept walking as the ghosts of the past swirled around him faster and faster, making them move forward more slowly.
"I don't know, but Mycroft's wound is not only from a punch. It is a surgical incision. Sherlock stitched it up. I know his stitches."
"So, your fabulous plan is to remain locked in here for the rest of your lives, secure, but locked."
He turned as he heard the truck's brakes squeal as the skilled driver easily lowered the dune. Sherlock entered the building, a warehouse completely clear except for several metal columns and... empty. The Major rushed down behind him, while the detective ran across to the other side.
The detective stood on John, turned to face him, and stretched his arms up to grab onto the spreader bar hanging over him. He pulled slowly and bent over until his ass was inches from John's cock. Eyes closed, biting his lower lip, the doctor could see Sherlock's effort not to slam himself on his cock. Which made him understand the detective had other plans, teasing plans, judging by his mischievous aroused smile.
"I was going to do it, I swear! All were getting out of hand. But just as I was to tell you, I got this."
Sherlock smiled. John's pleads sounded like music in his ears. He took pity of the doctor. John felt dizzy when the detective knelt over him, letting his whole cock shoving into the detective's arse, invading it, his tight walls embracing his now sensitive and almost to explode cock until Sherlock sat on John's lap. He had one hand on the bar and the other resting on John's chest to control the descent, both moaning hard, Sherlock with the glorious feeling of finally being full of John, John for being surrounded by Sherlock's tight walls.
"I told you I am fine," he replied, stubbornly, in a tone that made it clear he would not give up his arm.
Sherlock felt as his brain was one of those old outboard engines, that no matter how hard you tried to choke it, they only cracked several times, but never got to start, so drowned his mind was in the orgasmic fogs. He turned back his head, looking back at John’s cock, red, swollen, and near to explode. Trembling, he raised one leg and, pivoting on one arm, freed himself for a second from the doctor’s lips and motioned to positioned himself, so his face was on John’s cock. Quickly John trapped the detective’s cock again and swallowed it.
"The whole world?" the doctor laughed. He looked at the oven critically and said, "Isn't that a lot of food?"
"I've never been so scared in my life. The thought of Rosie being in danger, the possibility of her being harmed, or kidnapped or…" he cut himself, realizing he was alarming Sherlock even more. "It twisted something inside of me. So when they sent me Mike's file again and told me I had to get you both out of London, I didn't hesitate. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. At the time, I didn't realize Rosie would be... alone".
Sherlock regretted not having his phone to record the image of Rosie and her friends tenderly feeding the babies fallow deer, cutting the fruit in little morsels so the animals could easily chew them. From time to time, while taking the food from the little hands, they licked the kids, which was celebrated with suppressed yolks of excitement from the children, who enthralled, looked at their tiny teeth, their black noses and their spotted fur.
“No matter where you lock me, I will flee, find Sherlock and finish what I started. He’ll never wriggle out of me. Never”.
"Clay, don't hurt him," begged Mycroft in desperation, watching as they ripped Sherlock's his shirt off, tied at the wrists and then hung from a hook stuck in the centre of one of the arches, feet several inches off the ground.
Sherlock looked at him, shaking his head in pain. His angry gesture disappeared, giving way to infinite sadness, absolute desolation, slowly sinking back into the dark void that was his only companion until he met John.
"The ulnar artery directly connects the pinky finger to the heart," John concluded, astonishment in his voice.
Last night, after lying down by John's grave for a while, he noticed one of the stones at the head of it had something drawn on it. His brain, slowed down by the sedative, interpreted it as John's farewell. Why would the doctor draw the letters SH on his grave if not to say goodbye to him?
“The Fr-Holmes seems to have ... quite accurate theories,” God, saying that was worse than being skinned alive, ”about our cases and ...
Molly looked around in surprise. The room was bright and spacious: walls painted in a soft sienna tone, covered with pictures of dogs and cats puppies, Ladybug, and Frozen movie posters, the big bed covered with stuffed animals, incidentally, the girl's favorites...
Holmes didn't reply, opened the passenger door and pushed Everett inside, who, with his hands tied behind his back, fell like a bundle on the seat. As the other man circled to enter the other door, he continued to try to free himself. Ross grunted to himself in frustration. He had not even managed to loosen the bonds.
But he believed the detective's words. He believed him when, after signing Rosie's adoption and appearing as her adoptive father in the file, Sherlock promised him that, from then on, he would be more careful, more self-preserving, and he would never risk his life foolishly again.
Mike looked at the other mercenaries, nervous. He still couldn't believe that John was really there, the same John Watson he had fallen in love with in Afghanistan, with whom he had shared everything until that damn ambush blew everything up. The same one of whom, ten years later, still had a photograph in his pocket, to not forget him.
"Since the pigments in the marker are not permanent," explained the detective as Rosie finished drawing," we're going to make the drawing come alive."
And awkward silence followed this last suggestion, followed by more laughs as John shook his head in a disapproving way.
Lestrade watched him with a mixture of sorrow and tenderness. It caused him tenderness to see how far from reality Mycroft sometimes lived, immersed in his world of spies, cameras, and control.
"Let's go over there," he took his coat and went after Mycroft. They both walked between the tables as the officers watched them.
"Well, somebody has to get you two on the sidewalk once in a while," smiled the landlady, "I can't have my boys running around lost."
Sherlock covered his mouth again, panicking, on the verge of crying, swirling about himself, yelling Rosie’s name desperately. He ran again around the dolmen, looking for any trace that allowed him to guess which path they could have followed, but he found nothing.
“But the sound comes from it” Greg muttered, checking the pockets again. Then he realized there was a hole in one of the pocket’s lining. He run his hand over the bottom of the coat and got a black tiny device, similar to a “beeper”. On the little screen, he could read a message.
John repressed a fit of laugher, not at Anderson’s idiotic face, but at Sherlock’s puzzle one. The doctor nudged Lestrade who in turns did the same to Donovan. The detective quickly regained his composure, while throwing John a thankful look. He wasn’t used to have others standing up for him. The doctor nodded almost unperceptively in return.
He knew if he had asked Sherlock, he would have left out a lot of things not to worry him. So, while resting on the truck, he convinced Lestrade to tell him everything that happened since they lost contact with him. The DI hesitated a bit at first, but he finally told him. The only thing he didn't share with John was the letters, which he hid in the bottom of his rucksack.
The two of them stared at him in silence for a few minutes. Sherlock, eyes closed, one hand on the grave soil, spoke quietly to John.
“Fourteen kids? What are you, some kind of masochist?” the man turned the gun away from Sherlock’s nape. The detective stood slowly and turned to watch the man.
Three hours later, they landed in Heathrow. The detective inhaled deeply. John laughed at the evident craving of London the detective has. They took a cab to Baker Street, where Mrs. Hudson was waiting for them at the door and smiled widely when he saw them. She missed them. Too quiet the flat without them.
Lestrade smirked sadly, imagining the conversation, Sherlock hinting, babbling and stalling, and Molly guessing what he meant.
"You're the biggest idiot I have ever met after Sherlock. No, I think even more than Sherlock, since you are smarter".
"Ngggggggggggh," groaned the detective, instinctively jerking his hips, as his cock twitched hard, with every pinch and rubbing. "I won't...." he gasped, unable to control himself.
Mycroft shook his head. He had a flight to catch. He buttoned up his shirt and tied his tie back on, ignoring the stifling sensation it produced. He lifted his head in his usual posh manner and, trying not to think of Lestrade, walked to the car. For lacking of heart, it hurt too much.
He never made mistakes. Not out of presumption or false superiority. His massive intellect and his ability to read others almost always prevented him from making mistakes. So when he did, like before, the consequences were disastrous.
"That's enough, Myc. That's what we got—nothing else. I don't understand why Sherlock doesn't give us all the information at once, dammit!" snarled the DI.
"Thanking whatever higher power finally showed you what it's like to have my brother poking his nose into your business."
Sherlock's quicked his pumps. John grunted loudly, as Sherlock hummed softly, kissing him, his hand running back and forth, his thumb gently caressing their glands, spreading more precum around their cocks.
Lestrade put his hands on Sherlock curls, (God, how many times he wished to do that), and tugged at the detective's hair, making him deep throating his cock and groaning louder at the same time.
"After Anthony's death, Mycroft turned into a black hole of despair, control and sadness. He refused to talk about him. He forbade us to talk about him. He didn't let anything light him or make him happier. Until he met you, especially after the day he came to talk to me, the day John shot the cabbie".
"Yes, I was as shocked as you are. From the day I met him, I caught myself thinking about him, daydreaming about him and me together, especially after he tried to hit on me at Angelo's. As long as John didn't know that I was in love with him, I could keep on dreaming that he would fall in love with me. I was sure the moment he knew, he would reject me, and the dream would end, so… I know it was childish and coward, but I didn't know how to manage all that I felt for him. And daydreaming while being at his side…kept me right".
John bent and kissed Sherlock's neck. The detective wailed. The last thing he needed was one more stimulus. His body was shaking heavily as he pushed his hips to meet John's body any time he impaled himself on his cock.
"Please..." begged Martha. "Nothing comes out... compromising, nothing... personal. When they play with the girl, when they exercise, or when the detective and Rosie play the violin, when they applaud the healthcare professionals, nothing else..."
Sherlock's groans seemed to wake up John. The doctor took one of Sherlock's legs and rested it on his good shoulder, so he could go deeper inside the detective with each thrust. He increased his pace, imposing a devilish rhythm, mercilessly hitting the detective's prostate with every lunge of his cock, and was rewarded with the high intensity that Sherlock's muffled, frantic moans and cries reached even with Greg's cock inside his mouth.
"Your daughter?" Mike's voice sounded puzzled. "The London team was supposed to follow Mycroft Holmes' niece, not your daughter."
Without making a sound, they approached the voices. She could see Mycroft, standing before a lectern, Clay less than halfway down. In front of them, one of the mercenaries held a camera, while another was messing around with what looked like a radio station.
It hadn’t always been so little. There was a time, fifteen years ago, when the content of the box filled all his Mind Palace, running through his brain restlessly. Somehow, he managed to confine it to several rooms and, after meeting John, he could put the load inside a box, which was getting smaller each year. But he could never break free from it completely. It would accompany him until death.
Molly didn't fail to notice how everybody overlooked John in that place. Neither did Rosie, because she raised an eyebrow, staring at her. She enjoyed the adults' bewilderment when she acted that way, rather than the usual child's reactions, like hiding behind the adult or smiling openly. The woman laughed nervously, not knowing what to do.
There was a light on the top floor, and they heard voices. He recognised Mycroft's and another's man, saying something about fifteen minutes ago, and Mycroft responded. He noticed an unusual panic in his fiancé's voice. And it wasn't fake.
He also knew that if he hadn't told him, it was because he couldn't. Contrary to what most people thought, Mycroft and Sherlock's hearts were hypersensitive, delicate, and easy to break. That's why they hid them from the world, and it must have been difficult for him to get over it or at least try it.
“Ah, your funny doctor. If he were capable of finding this place, he’ll only find Thomas Wood, an honest and innocent farmer” he mocked with a mellifluous voice.
John also slowed down his thrusting pace, pulling out his cock almost entirely to bury it again sloooooowly in Sherlock's arse as he cupped the detective balls with one hand, caressing them, as with the other pinned the sleuth on the mattress.
He was heartbroken by the memory of Rosie's bewildered look on the first day John didn't call after flying to Afghanistan. Sherlock reassured her that he was busy and would call back later, trying to believe it himself. The little girl seemed to remain calm. When John still didn't show up the next day, he told her John ran out of the phone, and as soon as he could get another one, he would call. Every time Sherlock's phone vibrated with Mycroft answering his increasingly angry and worried messages, the girl opened her eyes in hope, asking, "Daddy?" Sherlock tried his best to comfort her, assuring it would take John a little longer to get in touch due to work,
John swirled his tongue in circles around the ring of muscle before pushing in slightly. Sherlock was panting and squirming in a way that turned him on in such a way that it was hard for him to keep from touching himself, but he wanted to maintain his concentration until the end. He had been dreaming about this for a long time and wanted it to be perfect for Sherlock to giving him pleasure and to make him come under his tongue.
“Of course,” the Chief Superintendent answered for her ”for now, however, we cannot make public our advances since that could disrupt the investigation.” He cleared his throat.
John moaned hard at Sherlock's fingertip, slowly tracing around the head of his cock, spreading his precum across it, his cock twitching hard. The caressing felt unbearable and delicious on his now extremely sensitive tip of his cock, but the detective controlled the pressure so John wouldn't come.
They asked the driver to rush to the airport, who stopped the car in front of one of the airport access doors, where Donovan, accompanied by four other agents, was already waiting for them.
Rosie’s piercing cry while climbing the stairs made John and Sherlock jump from the couch and run towards the door, scared. When John opened it, the seeing of a smiling Rosie, panting after running from the school bus stop, made them sighing in relief.
The detective spread his fingers in the back of John's neck, softly caressing it, making the doctor shiver at the ghostly touch while he slipped his tongue into John's mouth, licking his tongue with deliberately soft strokes.
He moved between Sherlock's legs and leaned to kiss him, slightly nibbling the detective lower lip, who parted his lips when John's tongue pushed between them, sensually exploring Sherlock's mouth, making the detective purr. John moved back, and their lips parted with a slight pop.
