"You out?" Lang finally asked, and Steve nodded jerkily, already reaching for the tin box that Scott extended toward him.
Steve had just returned from Berlin, tired, wet, with a sore throat and ready to eat a meal for an army. He'd shucked his coat and stood watching her from the doorway. All of the tension that he’d carried with him from the road had melted away. He could have watched her for hours.
(I know her team is actively interviewing animation artists for any fellow creatives out there).  You can message me with any questions about
“Just him?” Tony prodded gently. He could make a fair enough guess, but that sigh told him that there were burdens on Stefen’s chest that he needed to relieve, and he hoped with a little prodding he’d give into it. Stefen’s tired smile told him that he knew what Tony was up to, but he gave in anyway.
Bucky lifted his god arm in salute and the engine turned over, the Avenger moving swiftly away from the dock.
It was a beautiful afternoon in fall. The kind of afternoon that still felt of summer without harshness. The sky was clear and the sun was kind. A perfect sort of afternoon that even Herr Hammer’s typically prickly temperament couldn’t ruin. The state examiner had been around that morning and to no surprise at all, Péter had tested exceptionally well. A copy of his scores had been notarized and was even now on its way to the school in Geneva but as the month closed and September loomed, given how slow the post could be it was likely that the boy himself would arrive at the gates before his official documents ever did.
Forget the keys, Tony decided before he’d even finished shouting for her. He could start it with the wiring, it was basic enough circuitry, but it would take
“Now that’s quite enough.” Hammer huffed, puffing up like a poked hen as he turned to Pepper and snapped. “Frau Hogan, please, take the children inside. The captain needs to be on his way.”
James whipped his head around, blue eyes wide and for a moment Ian thought it was because he knew. He knew and hadn't cared that he’d broken Ian’s favorite book, but Tony was staring at him in shock as well and Tony couldn’t possibly know.
Though dragged out was a better term for it, because even from a distance Dvorak could see the man barely had enough strength to hold himself up and his body was a patchwork of wounds and livid bruises. He did not look like a hero now, and that was likely for the benefit of the crowd of locals who had come from the village at the first sign of spectacle, their hands and faces pressed against the chained fence that surrounded the camp to catch a glimpse of public enemy number one as he was loaded into the back of the truck.
Besides, he thought with no small part of bitterness, it wasn’t Julia he wanted to sleep with. Curse her pretty face. Sure, her hair was a fine blond and her eyes a pretty blue, but they weren’t the right blue now were they? And was it really fair to sleep with some poor girl just because he'd been a fool and put his heart in a foolish dream?
It was after sundown by the time they returned to the house, the sun having just dipped below the horizon left the deep golds, purples, and reds of dusk behind it. The back of Steve’s neck prickled when he saw the boys waiting outside the garden gate, their fear palpable in the air as he and Tony approached. They were in the coats Frau Carboni had brought home with her, donated at the synagogue, and their boots were scuffed with mud. They must have been out all day, Steve summarized, tension crawling up his spine. He’d given into Tony’s persuasion that the children could not be cooped up indoors all day, but they’d been instructed to stay nearby and never to separate.
Steve couldn’t hold onto his thoughts as he came with the phantom feeling of Tony’s chest pressed against his back.
What good was there now in singing? It was foolish for anyone to be relieved that her family was going to pull the concert together when The Music Hall still sat closed after the damage it had suffered in the riot, a dark omen they only dared acknowledge in whispers.
“Bakhuizen is not doing his job!” Zimmerman complained loudly as he and Bucky strode through the door. Zimmerman frowned down at the tin cup of bread juice he was holding. They’d made a batch that morning from the stale bread and what was left of the goulash. Mixed with water it made a sort of slushy soup.  Not the worst fare by any means but nothing to write songs about either.
“Sit down,” Tony commanded without looking up. Ian aborted his movement, and then thought better of it. Tony could feel Artur shifting in his lap underneath to peer at his brother as he asked in voice small and thin with anxiety, “Where are you going?”
“I didn't think I'd find you here when I came home. I thought the abbot would have told you we were going to meet and you would have left. Mission completed. Or is the money really worth that much?”
“Artur has brought some games he thought you might like to play, and Maria some books. It was a long car ride, it might do them good to have a quiet night to settle.” Tony offered and Stefen thought about it for a moment before shaking his head.
Natacha paused reaching on the vanity for one of the plain ribbons set off to the side, in order to tie the ends of Maria's hair. When she was finished she smiled at her younger sister and gave her an encouraging pat. She watched Maria grab Sara's waiting hand and run off toward their dinner before looking back up at Tony with the kind of sobriety that had no place on the face of someone so young.
He'd just taken down a pot and managed to pry open the sealed lid of the jar when the back door rattled. A moment later the door opened and Herr Hogan stepped inside, still speaking to Natacha who followed behind him sedately, but the chauffer halted right in the middle of his sentence when he saw Péter.
“Welcome home Steve.” Bucky echoed his thoughts and Steve’s chest ached with relief. Perhaps it hadn’t changed as much as he feared. He knew he was lucky, because he had Bucky to thank for that. His throat was tight with emotion as he gruffly echoed.
Tony looked up just in time to see Ian slip off the bank, nearly going head first into the water. The boy blushed an even deeper red as he struggled back onto his feet, helped by his father who Tony still couldn’t believe he was actually seeing slip into the water even when they both began wading towards where Tony and James stood.
Had it been something else? Tony glanced back toward the window where Stefen was now standing with Herr Tuck, perhaps looking over the dolls. He could always go and fish out the one on display but then he’d have to explain that he was searching for a dime magazine because he’d been told once that he looked like the hero, and how ridiculous would that look?
“Jesus, Stefen,” Bucky let out a shaky breath. “You haven't looked this pathetic since you were a skinny brat.” He wiped the sweat off of Stefen’s face with a spare cloth with rare tenderness. “Missing the good ol’days, huh?” Bucky’s smile crinkled around his eye as he leaned forward. He kept up a steady stream of talk as Tony cleaned up. Stefen kept his lips sealed tightly, his eyes locked on Bucky like a lifeline as he talked.
Peter’s mouth clicked closed but he didn’t say a word. Steve didn’t think he looked surprised, just scared. As scared as he should be.
Get up! Even if they were dead, he had to find them. He was their father! He had to get to them and save them... They were gone. Stop it! Move. When he could move, he’d go back down the mountain, he would...he would…
Most of the other children in the group were dull as knives to Natacha but she was careful not to let it show. James and Artur had run ahead with the Fennhoff twins (a boy and a girl, nine years of age) while Natacha and Ian walked more sedately with the older children.
“Tony! Look!” James came running up to meet them, a jelly stain on the collar of his shirt. He grabbed Tony’s hand and began tugging him toward the window, talking rapidly in his excitement. “We made candles, and mine were the best so we put them in the window!”
Steve tapped his fingers against the wooden frame of his cot. His other hand drifted to his cap and tugged at it, willing it to keep him warmer.
"You'll like getting to know them-“ Steve began to assure her but a furrow had appeared in the middle of Charlotte’s brow.
“Was that all? I wouldn’t want to keep you from your important work harassing children.” he heard himself say. A risk. But the agent just smiled, letting the silence of his departure leave plenty of space for Deiter’s own conscience to speak.
“I don’t need to ‘find’ a way to defeat them. I designed them to be defeated.” Tony revealed slowly. “I hid a flaw inside the formulas I gave Stanislav, something I could be sure his engineers wouldn’t find if he had the wisdom to show it to someone and verify my work. Something that would appear to work as designed but that would backfire under the right conditions. I and I alone know what those conditions are.”
Tony threw back his head and laughed, clasping her smaller hands in his as he led her on a few more whirlwind turns.   He was happy he realized, marveling at the feeling bubbling up within his chest.  Somehow, in the middle of everything, he'd managed to find happiness where he'd never expected it.  When he'd left the abbey, he'd hoped to find himself on the nearest boat anywhere but Austria turned Nazi Germany, but now he couldn't think of any he wouldn’t have traded this moment for the world.
She was right. He kept telling himself she was, but it wouldn’t stick. It did nothing to calm the alarm ringing in his head or the ferocious urge to get up, go. Find the danger.
Steve’s eyes flickered warily around the table before meeting his, face stupidly confused. The god damn prick!
“I’m going to look like a Swedish mountaineer by the time I get my hands on another razor.” he mused. “Stefen will hardly recognize me.”
“Tomorrow will sort itself out. You’re going to bed now.” The hand Tony had on his stomach clenched slightly, the muscle beneath quivering under the gentle kneading pressure.
Finished, he sat the rifle down and scooped up the pistol, quickly disassembling it. He paused, pistol in three pieces, as he felt the weight of Stefen’s still sitting gaze on him.
“I don’t know who you are, or what you’re running from, but surely it’s better to leave with the authorities and be taken care of- They’ve not been notified!” She quickly amended when Steve snapped his head up, eyes wild and panicked. “Not yet. But, food and shelter, surely you want those? You were eating out of the trough, for Christ's sake.” She finished, lifting her arms in exasperation.
“Harold!” he hollered as he barreled down the last steps and into the hall below, uncaring who he woke up. “Pepper!”
The face Bucky made said it all. He’d advocated many times over the years for Steve to leave the army.
The warning turned out to be a wanted poster for a Wanda and Pietro Lehnsherr, who if the poster were to be believed were a pair of anarchists, guilty of several counts of theft and assault. Strangely it was the bold screaming print in red crying
“What kind of bird can do that?” Artur asked, brow furrowing, and Tony shrugged, letting the smile he’d been fighting finally have its way.
“I’m Péter. I’m fourteen years old-” here he turned his head just long enough to frown grumpily at Tony and spit out, “-and I don’t need a tutor.”
Rochel’s husband saw no reason to leave Poland and his sister refused to split apart the little family she had created. And then there was Bucky.
Tony had absolutely no hope that his pathetic excuse for cooking was going to be enough to hold the attention of the two policemen who’d sat down to eat with them for long, and this was exactly the subject it was crucial they not focus on. It had been a risk and a lucky strike convincing Lt. Stevens to allow Pepper to leave for the day as it was.
“Well you can tell him –” Tony began but he stopped short when Bucky made a rude hacking sound like he intended to spit on the floor.
“I did.” Baroness Schrader announced. “Virginia said that all of Stefen’s were ruined in the laundry so I took the liberty of ordering more. They’re quite expensive, so do be careful when you put them up, won’t you Jurgen?”
“Herr Stark, I really must protest this. The captain-” Hammer tried to halt the proceedings once more as Tony and his guest got settled. Meeting Clinton’s eye and battling a grin Tony cut the butler off.
Hammer had never really taken much interest in photographs or those hobbyists who went around taking pictures of this building or that fence post. As if anyone cared. He could see his way towards collecting photos of a pretty bird here or there, especially if she were willing to take her clothes off before hand, but otherwise what was the point?
He forced himself to look up and smile at Kurt, sure it was falling flat, but Kurt nodded at him anyway in gratitude and swooped his way back to the front.
He heard Péter mumble something about having lessons and Tony gritted his teeth (so tight he thought his teeth would crack) continuing their vigorous march as Péter scrambled to catch up with them.
“Where did you learn to swim like that?” Stefen asked when he and Ian had reached them and it took Tony’s brain way too long for a genius to make sense of the unexpected question.
Antony Stark gazed back at him. His tutor, or rightly, his children's tutor, his employee and decidedly NOT Peggy waited for his answer.
He caught the monk’s eye as he looked up from Maria. The man was watching them curiously, dipping his own bread into his soup.
"I'll make you another one." Péter promised. Artur looked slightly disappointed for a moment, pouting out his lower lip, but he nodded his head appeased at Péter's promise that he was very good at making the little soldiers now and there would be plenty more.
“Is that it? You think keeping yourself healthy is unnecessary weight?” Stefen asked, deceptively light.
"Lots of men have dark hair. It's a passing resemblance," he grumbled, snatching the sketch back from Bucky and getting up from his chair.
“How terribly sad.” She murmured as she came to stand in front of Natacha, something graceful in her motion despite the efficiency of her step. “Seven children, and that all of you should turn out so frail.”
"No. I'm going to write to Cardinal Rossi and let him know that I am unable to accompany him to the prison until the following week.  Unbeknown to anyone, you're going to get the bright idea to impersonate him and show up at the agreed time and place, with stolen papers. If you get caught we never had this conversation."
"It's alright Artur. It's alright." He murmured, rubbing the boys trembling back. Hammer, the traitorous bastard, snickered loudly and drew several pairs of hateful gazes.
“Of course. We can’t have a pretty little thing like you walking home alone in the dark.” Emil said, with a leer at her skirts that he surely thought was more subtle than it was. “Tell your father I will walk you home from now on. It would be an honor to -”
They’d been at it long enough that Tony was considering calling a halt so the children would have time to take their finds to the schoolroom and wash up for supper, when suddenly a cry went up.
She’d made a goulash and warm bread, the smell of which was already filling the room and making Steve’s stomach twist uncomfortably with a reminder of hunger. It was a smart choice. The goulash provided both water and sustenance, and could thinned to stretch if need be. The bread was easy to share amongst themselves and filling.
Lt. Wolfe led them quickly and unceremoniously out of the administrative building to the medical ward, the sounds of rapid gunfire and shouts coming from the yard beating at their heels. As Tony and Clint walked through the doors behind him, the smell of blood and other bodily fluids rushed to meet them like a toxic cloud. Tony immediately covered the lower half of his face with his hand to block out the stench.
"Then the rest of it!" He huffed looking over at Tony for confirmation that he'd made sense. Tony nodded, a wane little smile on his face.
“It’s good to know Bakhuizen, that your charm never fades,” Tony was saying as Steve hoisted himself up to sitting, wincing slightly at the sensation of vertigo.
“Your mother dear. So little was known about her. It’s always such a wonderful challenge, untangling Italian ancestry. Some, as you know are as aryan as the early romans,” she prattled on and Tony barely resisted rolling his eyes, because he’d wondered when the Nazi’s were going to try and claim that. He finished the song with a flourish, thankful once again for his strong memory and the ability to split his focus.
She nodded her head frantically, her small hands scrabbling and pulling desperately on the arm Bucky pressed against her throat.
“Please, Father, please. Come swimming with me?” Just as quickly Artur decided to change tactics, pressing his little body into Steve's and wrapping his splindly arms around Stefen’s neck, familiar blue eyes pleading up at him.
No one believed her, but Frau Zemo was the youngest and the most sporting of the wives so she’d volunteered to show them all around in her husband’s absence.
When the beautiful woman who had been singing on stage moments before made her way through the crowd in an obvious beeline for Stefen, Charlotte slipped her arm in his and stepped closer, unsure why she felt as upset as she did.
“I’ll say.” Stanislov laughed agreeably as the admiral cleared his throat and leaned over his desk to offer Tony his hand, which he took without hesitance.
His eyes fell on the mandolin rested in the corner next to the sofa. Tony's fingers itched to touch it. A few more steps in and his eyes caught the paintings lining the walls. Landscapes mostly, Tony particularly liked a cluster of three small landscapes just above the resting mandolin that featured the harbor at different times in the day.
Tony walked just beyond the ring of trees encircling their campsite in search of privacy and a moment to himself.
Perhaps he had Jewish heritage. Wouldn't that be something? Jews were just sliding in everywhere weren’t they? It was rumored that even Himmler’s heritage was being examined. Rogers certainly displayed Semitic tendencies.
"You were told the priests were not to be used as test subjects." Wolfe snapped back with a frown.  "They were only to be treated by the chaplain until further notice."
There was only a thin trickle of stagnant water left in the cup and he was not the matriarch of the family, but it would have to do.
that Tony’s impulsive behavior would be their end, but it was Steve himself in the end who had signed their death certificates.
Here in Pola things were different. On the one hand, signs of the escalating war in Europe were everywhere. The headlines talked of few things but Mussolini’s ‘pact of stele’ with Germany, and Hitler’s demands for increased persecution of Jews; but on the other hand, Italy was still Italy. People scoffed at the idea of bloodying their hands with their neighbors blood the way the German’s had. Here, the music still played, and the people still danced. Children still went to school, and lovers still kissed beneath olive trees. So, when people said, “
“Stars are illusions.” She muttered almost under her breath. When she realized the odd looks she was getting she straightened, taking a dainty bite of pasty. “I just mean that we don’t see them as they actually are. They’re pretty only because we can’t get close to them. I don’t think I’d like being someone’s stars.”
There was nothing for it. Herr Stark would stay because there was no other option. If he were honest the option of tutoring them at home was barely on the table. The State would have to approve him and the State had never intended to leave his children out of the spotlight. Their absence said too much and could not be allowed to spark people’s minds toward rebellion. The children’s various ailments and their removal from the city had, at best, irritated General Striker, as the head of the youth movement had made quite clear time and time again, no doubt pressured by Schmidt. Steve had bent over backwards to keep the Hitler-Jugend away and yet somehow they had found their way back to his doorstep all the same howling for his children.
There was nothing to suggest Peggy had been there now. It was a Roma custom to let go of the dead, so the dead could find peace. A damn idiotic one if you asked him and certainly not meant to be done in this degree. Hell, Bucky still had a few of his mother’s things.
Tony sighed, defeated, and slowly dragged his exhausted body from the cockpit. He shivered, as the cold wind no longer buffered by the walls of the cockpit sliced through his coat.
“I remember, Uncle Bucky.” Péter had responded, more confidently he actually felt, but he remembered the shooting lessons they’d had, and what his father had said about why it was important. He had to protect the family while his father was gone. Péter’s hands had worked quickly to finish loading the gun.
The way that Vonkov froze, as if he’d seen a ghost, and his lips curled in the hint of a snarl startled Steve, and clearly Göring as well.
,” he said in slow but confident French. David took a breath and mumbled something back too quiet to be truly intelligible to anyone but Ian, but Tony took it as a win when Ian flashed him a grin and a thumbs up. Tony looked to Aleksy and nodded for her to go next.
The muffled bark seeped through the wall which Maria hid behind, but even muffled she could hear the aggravated snap in it that meant danger, an adult was annoyed.  She hoped the voice belonged to the officer in charge, and not the man in the suit who liked to ask them questions. He had mean eyes, and Maria felt them often following her around the house. But that was not the reason she and Artur had chosen to hide that morning.
For all that he had never wanted the burden of Hughard Starks legacy, it burned giving it up like this, to his parent’s murderer. But Stanislov would learn why it was a mistake to underestimate Tony Stark. Sometimes you had to sacrifice your Queen to win the day.
Steve sat, his hands clenched in his lap, bouncing one leg rapidly up and down, beating back the urge to get up and find Tony. The monk was only a few yards away in the engineer’s compartment with Rocket and Steve doubted the gruff mechanic would appreciate Steve hovering over them in such tight quarters. Rocket had been full of snarky replies to Quill’s ongoing commentary, and hadn’t welcomed Tony’s poking and prodding questions at first either. Until something Tony had said about an egg (of all things) had roped him into a debate about the dangers of drag… and well, Steve hadn’t seen either man since.  Only occasionally would the louder bits of their conversation float back into the bunks.
On the fifth day, the city of Nice came into view on the coastline. Even shrouded in mist from the constant rain it looked beautiful. Tony would have braved an entire naval blockade to get out in the fresh air. The brothers, who were closest to the cabin window facing the coastline had stood up to alert the others, elated at the sight of land and the end of their journey. Through the walls Tony could hear the captain talking on his radio, giving someone on the other end his clearance codes; but then came the now too familiar roar in the sky from an approaching plane. And suddenly, the air around them ripped open.
"No matter what I do it won't be enough for you. Well I do not care what you think anymore! I'm not a child damn you. I will do as I like!"
“I don’t have like eight weeks to spare,” Tony pointed out. “I bet you had to work with Pepper to clear out these few days to spend here.” Steve leaned over to kiss him. “Mmmm, that’s a sure fire way to stop my rambling.”
"Try and smooth over the surprise with Jamie?" Bruce asked, pushing his unfinished coffee towards the engineer.
"Breathe." That voice, he knew that voice. His body tried to desperately pull air into his lungs, the one word triggering an unconscious bodily action. "Easy, easy." There was a soft thump, something being put on the couch beside him, and then there was a little device entering into his eye sight. "You remember this one right?" Stane. "It's a shame the government didn't approve it. There's so many applications for causing shot-term paralysis."
“Oh, I still freak out every time I hold him,” Tony slipped in. “I’m just able to hide if better. And he’s older, so he can land on his feet if I accidentally drop him. Like a cat. But, he’s not a cat.” Mary snorted softly. “I can’t believe that anyone, especially you, trusts me with a tiny human.”
Steve's palm pressed a little on the arc reactor as Tony tilted his head back up to look into his eyes. Those fingers weren't going to rip it out of his chest, he knew that logically, but having Steve's hand there now, he had to trust that. The few times they had had sex Steve had stayed clear of his arc reactor without Tony having to ask. He didn't hide it from Steve, but they both knew that only Peter was allowed to be near it.
"Where the hell is Thor? He needs to wrangle his crazy little brother." Loki sneered a little, but smirked a little at Jarvis's response.
"I'm just finishing brushing my teeth, then we can go." The door shut again, and this time they heard humming coming from the bathroom instead of grumbling.
"I'm glad he's having a good birthday. Steve, that is," Mary said. "And Tony looks a hell of a lot more relaxed than the last time I saw him. I thought for sure that what I saw from the Helicarrier footage would be the norm for them." Phil rubbed her shoulder a little. "But, I know that Tony, and probably Steve, is still keeping a few things from me."
Bruce looked at Tony, frowning. That was very suspect behavior from Captain America. "Well, I didn't know what to do, then a couple minutes later he calls back, and I'm actually able to pick it up. I told him I was in Baltimore, on my way to DC, and he practically yells at me to not do it. Says Hydra's in SHIELD and tells me that I gotta try and get a message to the Avengers, but I gotta be careful about it. Then hangs up! Hydra's supposed to be gone!" She whisper shouted. "But, Tony, he sounded dead serious, and worried."
“Do you ever do it on purpose?” Wade looked up at Steve as they stopped on a platform between stairs. Steve was secretly glad, because if he had been on the stairs he very likely would have fallen from shock. “Do you ever kill someone ‘cause they deserve it? Or ‘cause you want too?”
“Do you talk to Steve, too?” She just smiled at him. That smile that said she knows the answer, and it could very well be ‘No’, but she wasn’t going to tell him. “The only way for you to know me this well if for you to talk to him at the same time. That’s a Steve thing to do. His stupid concerned butt.” He grumbled the last part out, minus any malice in his voice.
"I'm gonna talk you through this. There's two people outside the door, but you went into a pretty crowded store, so good job." Tony was letting Jarvis take autopilot in the flight while he focused on this. He saw a message from Bruce; He was unable to get a hold of Natasha or Clint as well. "Still got some adrenaline pumping through your veins?"
"Not going to be much help if we don't save the world," Tony replied. "Won't have much time with my boy if we lose this. So let's not lose this." Tony walked towards the ledge of one of the broken windows in the penthouse. "Jarvis, deploy." Tony turned a head back towards Steve, something whirring behind him. "Beat you there." He jumped from the edge, out the window, and Steve's eyes widened as he shouted.
"Tony," Steve looked at Tony. "If you-" They both turned, startled when there was a hard smack, and a startled shout. Rachel was huffing, shaking out her hand, and George was holding his cheek. "Mrs Fitzpatrick!"
kids to Disneyland will be okay.” Tony took a slow breath before gently pulling away from Steve’s hands.
“They are going to kill me.” Bucky smirked, despite his words. “Okay, so mission accomplished, you’ve endeared yourself to me. That doesn’t mean that I’m wrapped around your little finger.” He pointed at her with his metal arm, and she reached out to grab it. “Okay, figuratively, not literally.”
“Eighty-third floor!” Tony shouted before jumping up and letting the repulsors take him out of the room and towards the nearest exit outside. “Jarvis, talk to me, what’s trying to take down my Tower now?” He flew out of the first balcony door that the AI opened for him then stopped when he saw something round and nearly half the size of him go hurtling towards the windows. He felt the vibration as it shot down the building, affecting even the suit.
"Oh no, that's an endless flowing river when it comes to that little boy," Tony admitted with a smile. "I would kill people for that kid. I have, actually." Tony tilted his head, staring off into the distance, tapping his chin. "Not the point." Steve was smirking at him now. "Point is, apparently, us." Tony waved his fork in a back and forth motion between the two of them.
"Nah, Peter went to sleep a little after nine. I didn't come down here till ten." Tony glanced around the workshop slowly. "What time did you say it was?"
"I'm really hoping that I'm not about to hear anything about a sex life," Bruce let out a little moan. He grabbed another needle and Tony smirked at Steve.
“I am not, and it could be dangerous,” Steve tried to argue. “They’re still young, and Peter’s small-“
"Stop on up on your break, snag some food," Tony told him as he took a step back away from the desk.
He had seen the boys off with their books, Jamie against his hip, before heading back to the bedroom. Steve held onto her with one arm, his other hand holding onto a little container of crackers that she was still snacking on. She made a little noise when she saw Tony, looking over towards him. “’addy,” she mumbled, looking up at Steve. The blonde smiled at her and nodded.
"Well, I'm not my company." His brain stopped for just a second. He knew who Was the company at this moment. He gripped the pictures, leaving the drink, and headed outside, the two women following behind him.
“If I let you plan the date for our anniversary, I’m sure that we’ll end up back on the couch, watching Supernatural,” Tony commented. “Unless you’re hoping to create a successful first date?”
"What, do you just want everyone to live with us now?" Tony teased. "Next you're gonna say that Grandma and Granpa should live with us-"
"Daddy!" A little body launched itself at Tony, and he leaned down and caught him, hugging him to his chest. Rhodey stood behind Tony, little smile as he watched them, seeing his best friend in a way he never thought he'd see him.
"Good," Mary said, taking the distraction from what was becoming an uncomfortable topic. "Because I don't want him expecting to get so much every year. He still needs to learn that he earns presents for being a good boy, and that if he acts out, or does something that he's not supposed too, that he won't get whatever he wants either way."
"Nope." Tony had one shot at convincing Thor. "I gotta talk to him," he nodded towards the door. "I gotta ask him some questions. I wanna know why he took my son." Thor looked at him with troubled eyes. "I have to know, Thor, he could have ignored him, left him, or something worse." Tony didn't like to think about the other possibilities. "But, he did it for a purpose. I have no weapons, and you put those sparkly handcuffs on him."
"You can't realistically keep that promise," Tony murmured, twisting his body a little so he could get more comfortable. It didn't seem that Steve was going to be letting go anytime soon. "We fight in the same battles sometimes, I'm going to get hurt."
"We don't want to intrude," William started, but Tony waved a hand. He started to lead them to the town car that was waiting.
"Yeah, buddy, that is today." Tony glanced at the clock that Jarvis was projecting onto the screen that showed the hot rod engine. He should have left already, but he had promised Mary that he would call to say bye to Pete. "I'll be leaving very soon."
Steve bit his lip, looking at Romanoff as the jet took off. He had gotten word from Coulson that he would be being picked up, something else happening that would need his attention. "Where are we going?" He took off the cowl, letting it drop against his back.
"What the hell is he doing?" Tony exclaimed. They had broken up, they had spoken to each other in over a year, he had wanted to be with Tony for money, fame, and sex, and Tony was not looking for that for the first time in his life. Well, the sex part at least.
“Just the way you like it, huh?” Tony asked, taking his own spoon to get his own share from the top of the malt. He bit his lip when he felt Steve’s ankle start to wrap around his own. “Never said that old fashioned was a bad thing.”
"Yeah, him and his best friend Wade." He leaned his shoulder against the back of the couch. "I can't let him down, Sam. I gotta get Tony back here."
"I know!" Tony put on a grin, giving a wave as Natasha pulled Clint from the room. Tony sat down on the arm of the couch. "The boys are dressed, your bride is nearly ready, and I've just sent the greeters out to get the guests herded."
"Oh, you have, have you?" He fished the keys to the SUV from his pocket and unlocked the doors "Did you talk this over with her in the bathroom?"
He went back to his engine, thoughts becoming jumbled as he pulled a panel off, Pepper coming in and trying to get him to his plane.
"Take it while you can," Tony said as he came back over, dropping a diaper and a onesie in his lap. "She'll wake you up in the middle of the night, and then forget about it when she figures out how to crawl out of a crib."
“Trying to seduce me, Captain?” The elevator doors opened and Tony quickly ducked down, sliding around Steve to jog out of the cart. “It won’t work!”
"They figured it out?" Steve asked, looking through the pictures that Coulson was looking through. There were a lot of him getting on and off his motorcycle, the circular pack he had for the shield attached to the front of the bike, (the only place it would comfortably fit that wasn't on his back). There were a couple of shots of the pack open, catching the colors. So far he wasn't seeing any of his face, a couple of side shots, but nothing that was clear.
Loki ran a hand over his face, face wrinkling a little in displeasure. “I’m afraid it’s not that simple. It’s not something I could do if I wanted too.”
“Can you imagine trying to cook in such a kitchen?” Tony shivered a little and closed his eyes. “With two kids running around? There’d be no where to walk, things would be falling constantly. And if there were pets! You’re a barbarian, Rogers.” Steve snorted. “If I didn’t know better, it’d sound like you were trying to domesticate me.”
Gently shutting the door, latching the chain lock, and turning the deadbolt, he turned around to take in his surroundings. Taking a deep breath, Steve knew that things had changed, but he wasn't sure what was going to happen now.
"Sir, Ms Parker requests your help," Jarvis said, cutting the music in the workshop. Tony looked up from the new gauntlet he was working on. He had had a few new ideas for the suit, and he wanted to make the suit more compatible with the new arc reactor. At the AI's words though, Tony put down the soldering gun and pushed himself away from the desk.
"That means I would have to start putting crappy music in there," Steve retaliated. Tony let out a soft groan and the blonde smiled. "Guess we have to hope that Mary and Coulson pick good music for their wedding."
, just as they had discussed at dinner a few weeks ago. Peter was going to be Obi Wan Kenobi, from a set of movies that Steve hadn’t seen, and if Tony had his way he probably wouldn’t see anytime soon, and if Steve had recognized the blue pants correctly, then Tony was going to be Han Solo.
"I just gave you a pen," Tony said, looking at him. "Everything else was planned out by Peter, or just something that always happens on birthdays. I didn't really do anything." Steve just smiled a little, nodding. He knew that Tony hadn't easily given up his collection like he did.
"You're just dripping with sap," Tony bemoaned lightly. "I mean, it just oozes from your pores." He smiled when Steve laughed. "It's a good thing you ask me to co-parent with you."
Tony swallowed, letting out a breath. "It would take too long," he rasped out. "I'd have to start over again, and too many systems are down." His head was spinning now, he couldn't focus. How could everything have gone so wrong in only three days?
Tony nodded a little. "There were times I thought I wasn't going to make it out, and I thought I'd never see him again. I fought, so hard, to be able to come back here." He gently rubbed Peter's back. "I want to change things, I want to be a father that he deserves."
“Stark!!” Tony whipped around at Natasha’s shout, and saw the Iron Man armor still pointed at Clint, the other hand now pointing over at Natasha and Bucky. Tony took a hurried breath, sounding more like a gasp, then moved his arms in a specific motion. The armor powered down, and Tony moved one arm and it fell the pieces on the ground. His hands and arms were shaking as he stared at the pile on the ground. Clint moved towards him and Tony jumped back and away from him, hands flying up to protect his head.
"I thought that I was going to have some fun." Tony didn't want to have this conversation. At all. "It's not driving is hard."
The door opened, Coulson slid in as Tony took the podium. Peter perked up in Mary's lap at the sight of Tony, a bit of relief winding through his little body.
"Tony Stark." She had a thick accent, but it was the way that she said his name that had him sliding off the counter. There was anger there, with a hidden sadness, and fury. "I have waited a long time to meet you."
"Jarvis did tell me that you were up all night," Tony said, grabbing the two pair of socks that Peter and Wade should have had on by now. He turned towards the bed, and Peter jumped towards Tony with his arms out. Tony caught the boy in his arms, then flopped him down on the bed, making him giggle. Wade flopped down next to them, smiling. "Talking to a friend."
"Okay, so, that's awesome." Tony nodded his head a little. "What if, maybe, Mr Steve wasn't the only one moving in?" Peter and Wade shared the same little frown of confusion. He caught Steve walking in from behind them, his expression calling out Tony on the crappy conversation transition. "Well, okay, so, you know how Miss Meg moved in, and now she has two babies?"
"I don't know about that, but it powered by the cube," Fury nodded. "And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys."
Steve growled and went over, grabbing a parachute and sliding into the straps. "I'd sit this one out, Cap," Natasha told him.
"If anything I think I became more awkward when dancing," Steve admitted. Tony's ears perked a little when he heard the guitar of a song start, everyone recognizing it immediately. Except Steve of course.
"Oh, but let you me tell you, the day I'll remember most, was when your Mama brought you to me, came and said, 'Hey, we have a son together.' I'll admit, at first I was ready to throw some money at her, but then she pulled this tricky spy move, and suddenly there's a baby Peter in my arms, and your hand was on mine, and that little adult voice inside of me woke up and pointed out that I would be a fool to not be around. The first two years I didn't change too much, at least I don't think so, but your Aunt and Uncles might say different. But then, some bad guys got me, taking advantage of my naivety, and I got this," Tony tapped the arc reactor in his chest. "For some reason, you like this, and you're the only one who can touch it. Anyone else gets near it, I freeze up, get panicky, want to lash out, but not you. I feel calm when your little hand rests over it." Tony let out a breath, leaning back in the chair.
"Anxious? Yes." Coulson nodded. "Luckily I was able to stop him from planning the wedding, we just let him take over the actual set up."
"I have a present for you." Peter beamed up at him as the elevator doors closed and started to move. "So does Daddy," Peter whispered to him. "But I didn't tell you that!" Steve snorted, and nodded with a smile.
Steve turned on his heel, eyes scanning the battlefield quickly. He needed to find Tony, heeded to have eyes on the older man. He had heard the screeching of metal against concrete, and knew it was the sound of the Iron Man suit. “Hawkeye! I need eyes on Iron Man! Widow, status on the threat!” He jogged down the empty street, but there was no reply on the comms. “Hawkeye! Black Widow! Report!” Silence.
He went to grab his uniform and frowned. He still hadn't gotten a replacement uniform after the last mission, this one torn at the arm and the back. He slid his arm into the shield straps though. When he walked out of the bedroom, Coulson was throwing him his car keys. Peter's eyes were glued to the TV screen.
"Don't know," he said with a shrug. "But, with Steve Rogers you can expect homemade food, hopefully some good conversation, and maybe some catching up on pop culture with you as a guide."
Peter came back out, holding onto a little paper box. It looked like origami. Peter carefully opened it and inside was a piece of paper with Peter's name printed on it in impeccable handwriting. Tony blinked. A bit elaborate for someone in second grade, but he could see why Peter wanted to do something for this kid.
"How long have you been here?" Steve asked him after a moment. Jamie had turned her head to look at Bucky, two sets of the same blue eyes looking at him now.
Tony gave Mary a one armed hug, the suitcase rolling along behind him. “I’ll be sure to get lots of pictures, and I’ll only lose him twice.” Mary groaned and Tony grinned.
"You do!" He reached over to pull Tony's hand down. "When we started this relationship you said you would talk to me, to let me help you! There is so much going on right now that you can't afford not to do that right now."
“Things don’t exactly seem to going too well, do they?” Loki’s voice sounded softly by Tony’s ear. He was taking the bet that the other two wouldn’t shoot through Tony to get to Loki. Tony let out a low growl, but Loki just let out a slight chuckle, moving away from his ear. “Tempers seem to be flaring.”
"He's not safe." Tony turned in a circle as a deep voice whispered around him. "There are too many dangers surrounding him."
"Like you're any better!" Steve shot back at Tony with a smile. "He said he liked the stars and you wanted to build a Planetarium on the roof of the Tower."
"Please tell me that you're hearing yourself right now," Steve said, looking at Tony, pulling a glance towards Steve before looking back at the road. "What you just told me was some of the most selfless stuff I've heard come out of your mouth, or from anyone for a while actually."
"We'll have to watch her tomorrow, see if she can roll over yet." Tony stayed on the bed, watching Steve rock back and forth gently to lull the baby girl to sleep in his arms first. "If she can roll pretty well, and if she can push away at stuff, like stuffed animals or blankets, then you should be okay. I think I read something about needing to know that they could roll over if they accidentally smush their face into the fabric."
"Where's my son?!" Tony shouted again. He had to get Peter back. Tony shivered when something brushed behind him and he turned around. There was nothing there.
"-a hero, and I'm so proud of him." There was a man talking to a news reporter who was back in her office. It was a satellite interview in New York, but set away from most of the destruction. There were still cleanup crews in the background, volunteers walking around, checking on people who were outside of apartment buildings. Tony glanced at the name of the man, knowing he was very familiar, and his jaw dropped.
Tony groaned and rubbed his face with his hand. Now he was making things complicated, exactly what he didn't want to happen.
"Yeah, I uh, I guess I did." Tony took a long gulp of his mug. "I mean, yes, I did that, and I'm not taking it back or anything-"
Jarvis let the ding of the elevator reach him, stirring him from his thoughts, and he straightened his tie a little, before quickly pulling it off and shoving it in a drawer of the bar. He unbuttoned the top button of the black dress shirt, slipping the envelope in the pocket of the gray vest he wore and headed towards the elevator.
Tony's eye twitched a little as she hung up and he turned back around, now seeing that Steve was sitting next to Peter, by the laptop, the little boy explaining something to him. Tony took a breath, and steeled himself for the interaction that he was going to have. It was for Peter, this was always for Peter. He wasn't jealous, nope.
Steve put the towel over Tony's shoulder and watched him burp the baby girl. "I'm actually wondering why the Purple Heart. You should be honored to get to date me."
“It’s late, and I’m sure that Jarvis will have this waiting for you.” Steve looked around and he saw the beginnings of a suit. “This isn’t what was in here earlier.”
"No, but he should be, shouldn't he?" Peter nodded. "I want to put an art room in the new Penthouse."
"You'd have a room up here with me, where you sleep now, and you'd have a room downstairs with Mama and Agent." Steve could hear Tony adjust himself, pulling a small giggle from Peter. "It would be like when you would come over to the Manor, two bedrooms."
“You should probably call Pepper if you plan on taking a public birthday trip,” Bruce suggested as Tony got up from his chair.
"You have a big gun, you are not the big gun-" Tony was still upset when he learned that they weapons installed were by Hammer, but he knew that Rhodey had been overridden by the military.
Tony had to admit that Steve blended in quite well with his dark sunglasses on, and beard growing in nicely around his face. If someone were looking for Steve Rogers, they wouldn’t find him like this, not right away. He kept stealing glances at his ass as they walked around the park, though, looking fantastic in jeans.
"We like doing stuff with you, too," Steve told him with a smile. Tony knew that Steve worried what Peter would think about them being together, if he would find it weird, or be upset. This was the best case scenario so far. "Now we can do a lot more stuff, the three of us."
“Remember, hang on tight, Wade,” Steve said quietly by his ear. “No matter what, don’t let go, I’m gonna get us out of here.” There was another nod, and Steve set his legs moving. The shouting behind him he had had expected, and he wasn’t surprised when the first of the bullets went whizzing past him. Steve jumped at the wall, arm going up and grabbing the edge and pulled himself up. He bit back a gasp when a bullet dug into calf as he was pulling them over, and was just able to switch the leg to land on and not stumble.
“Yeah, and I will be leaving, in about forty minutes.” He dropped onto a chair and rolled over to the station across from Bruce. “I wanted to check on those test that we set up a couple days ago.
Steve couldn’t keep his laughter in, even covering his mouth. “A superhero war? Mary, what the hell?” She smiled at him as she straightened up again.
“You’re going to Malibu for your birthday?” Mary asked as she finished packing one of Peter’s suitcases.
“J, save and store files, I’ve got to go out, apparently.” Tony listened to his AI affirm his command as he headed for the exit.
"Sorry kids, you don't get to see my little party trick after all," Bruce muttered, walking over to the monitor.
"You must be the neighbor," Tony said when he saw that Steve was about to open his mouth, almost like he wanted to beat him to speaking. "I'm Peter's Dad, Tony."
"I'll stay here, go through some more stuff. I'm thinking it's probably not a good idea for me to be showing my face a lot right now, anyway," Bruce said as he cleaned his glasses.
"Sorry about that," Steve muttered quietly, looking over to see Meg in the rocking chair in the room, trying to soothe the twins. Bucky moved them out of the room but didn't shut the door.
Mary looked over at Steve when he had gotten up and walked over to her and the tablet. He had heard the man start to lose himself, something that Steve had heard many times before from soldiers in the war. Tony was having a flashback, suffering from PTSD. Steve could relate with his nightmares of losing Bucky, at the very least.
Steve watched them leave the apartment, hearing the doors of the elevator slide closed, then he moved back for the nursery. He hadn't heard any talking from the baby monitor that was still in the living room, so he figured that they had turned off the component inside. Steve wasn't surprised to find that the door was locked, but as he went to knock, Bucky was pulling the door open for him. It was Bucky this time.
“I miss playing with the grown-ups,” Tony said, walking over to Steve, Mary next to him. “Well, grown-ups that aren’t in costume.”
Meg hummed a little in question. “Oh, just an update on a shipment.” She started to pick up the rest of the toys, and blankets, around the living room. “How long do you think they’ll actually be gone?” Tony looked away from here, down at Jamie when she started to babble.
The next thing he knew was pain. He could hear this screaming, tortured sounds of someone, but he couldn't focus. There were people around him, and everything just hurt! The screaming, that was him. His body shook, it convulsed in pain. It felt like someone was cutting him open. Then, finally, finally, his vision faded to black, the pain drifting away as he lost consciousness again.
"I'm here, Pep." He pushed up the sleeves of his shirt, and half attempted to push all the papers into one pile on the coffee table. Pepper didn't usually visit on his birthday, mostly because every year she found him drunker than was humanly possible either at home, or at some club, making headlines. This should be a nice surprise for her this year.
“Go get the kids,” she told him instead. “I’ve got enough for them, and I’m working on the last batch.”
"Yeah, yeah, I can hear you," Meg answered instead of the AI. "Thanks for picking an automatic, would have some issues with a stick." He could hear the shake in her voice, but so far she was still holding it together. "Feel kinda bad about stealing someone's car-"
"I may have made things worse," Steve said after a moment. "He's probably still going to tell the press. I'm sorry Tony."
"I've been working on that one for a couples weeks, and I've already done two glass sun catchers, and I've got a window commission."
"Next time don't sleep with a Hydra Agent," Bucky fired back. Steve smirked a little; That was his Bucky's wit and fire coming through.
"Bye, Tony." Mary let out a little sigh when he hung up. She knew that he was going to find a way to hang up either way, and she knew there was no way she was going to go back to sleep. Time to work on the holiday schedule.
"Yeah, but you'll be able to tell him that you'll be okay," Tony said. "I know I don't know you that well, like, at all, but, Wade's a good kid, and he means a lot to Peter, and you mean a lot to Wade." Tony stuck his hand in his pocket, shrugging a little to himself. "I'm an engineer, a mechanic, I like to fix things, it's what I'm good at."
"Sure, why not," Tony said. He grabbed the hook of the old punching bag and pulled it over to the wall. He went over and grabbed some tape and started to wrap his hands. "Let's talk and hit, yeah? Seriously, any topic, don't feel the need to shy away from anything." Steve raised an eyebrow at him. "I mean it, it's you and me and Jarvis in here, and whatever happens in here, stays in here, if it gets awkward and all." He stepped behind the punching bag, putting his hands on it, and nodded to Steve. "Let's go, Romeo." Romeo? What the hell, Stark?
“As you wish.” Steve gave a little bow that Tony could see through the windows before climbing in behind the wheel. Tony snorted softly and leaned his head back.
Steve watched the two move around the kitchen, Tony doing the heavier lifting, and messing with the oven, but peter was grinning the whole time. He was again confused, on how apparently Tony could even cook boxed cupcakes, but Mary said that he and Peter spent a lot of time together. If he spent the night at Tony's often enough, Tony would have to know how to cook something, right?
"Weapons status?" Tony breathed out, as he jumped at Stane. The giant arm of the suit caught Tony, and started to squeeze.
“Yeah, we’re gonna rub it in your face when we wipe the court with you,” Rhodey said with ease. “Tony, I expect a regulation basketball court next week for this.”
"I thought you'd never ask!" Tony smiled. "I get to pick him up from school today, and he'll be eating dinner here. I can't wait to introduce him to Uncle Bruce."
“You make it sound like that’s all I watch.” Steve moved his leg over to push at Tony’s. “I’m just trying to get a handle on all the stuff that’s made today.”
"I find myself spending less and less time down in my workshop," Tony said as Mary pushed him out of said workshop. "I'm trying to make a statement."
“But, if she has a metabolism like yours, then one little bite won’t last long,” Wade argued. Steve blinked a couple of time, not expecting it. “I’m about as smart as Peter,” Wade added at Steve’s look. “Plus, I knew everything about Captain America before I met you.”
Mary pulled up in front of her apartment building, and Steve studied it. The building was smaller than he thought, and he only saw four mailboxes by the one door. Mary got out, and Steve quickly figured out the new handle and slid out of the car as well, moving forward to take the bags from Mary as she pulled them out of the backseat. She blinked then gave him a smile in response.
I have plans, I swear. This chapter feels awkward to me, but don't worry, everything will work out! Slight trigger warning for a flashback/anxiety.
"And the adults will talk when all little boys go down to sleep," she said with a soft smile. "We live with him for pity's sake!"
Unbeta'd as usual. No IM1 scenes, but more of Tony being a great actor, cause that's what our little Stark does.
Steve wasn’t sure if it was Tony’s repairs, or something else that was interfering, but his comm was currently useless. A crashing sound caught his attention and his eyes flickered over to the next house. There was a flurry of movement past a window, and Steve was off like a shot, pulling his shield from his back. He saw some light flickering in the small basement window, and Steve was holding up his shield and curling up to crash through the first floor window.
"We haven't talked in over five years," the man told him calmly. Tony could hear the background noise of people talking, and horns and cars. Seems he had still called during busy hour in India.
"Be careful Tony, I'm not going to ruin Peter's vacation with a phone call saying that you got hurt," Mary said to him, reluctantly giving in.
Tony smiled at him, nodding. "Well, it's not going to be as good as Petey's present that's for sure. I had to beg him to let me go first, so my present wasn't overshadowed." Steve chuckled and smiled, putting the pen back into the wooden case, slipping it into his front pocket. Peter was standing in front of the plain wooden wall, rocking back and forth on his feet, waiting patiently. The most patient he's probably ever been.
“You hurt me?” Steve stood up to look at Bucky. “Last I remember I had the upper hand when we fought.” Bucky scoffed. “Oh?”
"It's the opposite when he's with me," Tony said quickly, and Steve looked up at him. "He's always talking about you, when he's with me, that is. You teach him how to draw, and you're teaching him about how colors work. I can't do that, I'm more suited to the science stuff, the logical numbers, I can't do the art, and spatial awareness thinking." Tony moved one of his hands to rest on Steve's upper arm. "I'm sure Mary told you, but yeah, I was jealous of you, too. You didn't have to hide when you went to pick up Peter from school, or take him out to the park. For fuck sake, you were the one I told to take care of my son when I flew up into the wormhole! I trust you with his life, to raise him,...." Tony trailed off and swallowed thickly.
What Tony knew for sure was that there was going to be way too much sugar going into Peter and Wade's little bodies, and he was going to regret this come bedtime. Tony was trying to frost the cupcakes as Peter tried write Wade's name on a card with Jarvis's help. That's when he caught a whiff of something burning. Tony whipped around towards the stove and saw a bit of smoke trying to escape from the oven. The second batch of cupcakes were not going to make it.
The man started to wind the whips around, he was aiming up for a good strike. Tony moved as he saw the mans up start to go up. He jumped to his feet, and as the whip came down on the car, Tony was tucking and rolling across the ground, his body groaning in protest. He came up to his feet, the car exploding, fire and heat blasting onto his back, and moved back up to his feet.
"Sorry," the younger man said. They sat there silently for several minutes, Tony trying to push all his emotions back down where they belonged, and Steve standing vigilant by the car. There was another breeze through the garage, and Steve tapped Tony's knee. "I think their Arbiter is here."
“No.” Bucky rolled enough so that he could sit up on the couch now. Wade hopped up to his feet and stood in front of Bucky before he could get up. “You’re kids, I’m not teaching you anything. Steve’ll kill me if I start to teach his kids to fight.”
"And I'll give them a recording of what happened here," Tony shot back. "You had your fifteen minutes of fame, and it backfired."
"Who's his Chewbacca?" Julie asked the boys, and Mary shot a her a look, begging to not encourage them.
“There’s a reason we’ve hit a one year anniversary.” Tony snorted softly when he felt Steve’s foot tapping against his own. “If the people knew just how big of a sap Captain America is, I don’t think the villains would fear you anymore. Playing footsie under the table, what are we teenagers?”
"Yup," he nodded, little hands spinning her hospital bracelet around her wrist. "I'm eating all my food, too. Mom! I get to stay in the same house as Captain America!" He exclaimed, turning excited brown eyes up to her. "Like, the Real Captain America!"
"That is, just awful," Sam said as he tried not to grin at Steve's discomfort. "Really, Steve, that really is a horrible thing for you to do. But, if that's how it is, then I will be telling everyone about this horrifically sweet moment my eyes had the simultaneous pleasure and displeasure of witnessing. Preferably in a toast, at your wedding, in front of everyone you know and love." Sam pushed himself back up, rolled his eyes up in thought. "And probably tomorrow, too. Yeah, I'll be telling them tomorrow, too."
What was Tony thinking? Oh, getting out of the restaurant, away from Pepper and Natalie Rushman, that was easy. Getting over to the Grand Prix, checking in on Mary and Peter up in one of the VIP boxes? Childs play. Going down to the cars, putting on a Stark racing suit and declaring that he was going to race? Tony was going to blame all that on the palladium. It was obviously making him sick, clouding his judgement.
"You can stay in my lap, if you keep working on that while I talk to Mama, okay?" Tony turned Peter around in his lap, so he facing the table and his notebook now. He kept an arm around Peter, to keep him steady in his lap as Mary came out to sit by them. Peter nodded and started to work on his homework again.
"I'm not brooding," Tony said as they stepped into the elevator. "I'm working, I still have stuff that I need to make for my company." Mary looked at him. "I'm not brooding."
"You should finish going through those files." Tony was seated again, Bruce searching for a vein. "If they had the information with the journals, they might have more locations saved as well."
Tony grit his teeth and pulled at the wires, yanking them out of the arc reactor and gasped. He pulled the wires away from the battery connections and threw it into the water. He would need to start swimming, he needed to get out, while he still had space to breathe. Tony felt it, the tightness in his chest, the buzzing in the back of his mind, the oncoming panic attack. He had to keep it together, until he got out of the water.
Tires skid across the street as Steve pushed the bike to take off. He wobbled a little when he felt the bite of another bullet in the back of his shoulder, causing Wade’s hand to tighten in his shirt, but Steve quickly straightened up and was turning the corner, racing back from Manhattan.
"And Steve will be there the whole weekend as well, in case you need anything," Mary had kept talking while Tony's mind had kept working.
"Means that you and I can work on a way to counter-act the serum," Tony said, turning to look at him. "We already know the ground work."
"What?" Bruce looked at Tony and frowned. Steve glanced at Tony and realized that he hadn't told Bruce about Howard Stark being part of Hydra. Tony must have just remembered that by the way his eyes had widened marginally.
"You were raised in front of the cameras." Tony glanced at Mary as she crossed her leg over her knee. "You're a constant for the press, and I think that even if you weren't Iron Man, the cameras would find a reason to take your picture anyway. You keep sleazy reporters, journalist, and paparazzi with a job, and they wouldn't have it any other way. You're not the only one, but you're the most popular at the moment."
Tony was very purposely not doing anything. Except breathing. He was sitting on the counter of a lab that Strucker had brought him too, glass walls of course, and he was doing nothing. He obviously wasn't going to do what they wanted him to do, and they could shock him all they wanted, but he wasn't going to bend to their whim.
"You can not judge that quickly." They were sitting on the couch, at either ends, the TV on. "You can't even judge it on the first episode, which seems incredibly cheesy I know, or even the very short first season. I'm serious, it gets better."
“I’m noticing that a lot of the food here is easy to make,” Tony called out from the kitchen. “Lots of snacks, too. Last time I saw stuff like this,” he paused a bit and Steve walked to the entrance of the kitchen. Tony looked at Steve with a knowing smirk. “Well, I think I have an idea of what you have planned.”
“I’m gonna show you how Brooklyn Boys play,” Steve responded with all the confidence of Captain America, and the cockiness of Steve Rogers. Rhodey grinned, accepting the obvious challenge.
"I have indeed been uploaded, Sir," Jarvis told him, the AI running through the suit now, making it easier for Tony to navigate with its weight. "We're online and ready."
"-but I know that you take care of my family." Rachel's voice got a little a softer as she went on. "Peter adores you, and he's talked about you the whole time we've been down here. He's very excited to come back home, to tell you about everything that he's seen and done." Tony licked his lips, briefly biting the corner of his lips. He missed the soft guitar starting to play behind the call. "I also, I wanted to thank you for letting us take the boys, especially Peter, to Disney World. I know you weren't thrilled, and that you probably don't get to see a lot of moments, some of the firsts, because of your life, and, I really appreciate it, Tony. I wouldn't have any other man be the father to my grandson."
“It worked,” Tony whispered, gently reaching forward. “Pepper, look at her, look at how precious she is.” He gently rubbed the Jolteon’s head. “Yipes!” He pulled his hand back a little when he got a shock, shaking his fingers out. “I should have seen that coming.” He reach back out, gently petting the littlest one.
As they road up the elevator to the apartments, that was furthest from his mind. They could see that both doors to the occupied apartments were open. Bucky and Mary visible in one, with Peter seated on the floor, looking a little morose, but doing his homework. He probably didn’t understand why he couldn’t be with Wade at the moment. Steve assumed that they still had everything under control with Meg, and the babies. He’d be wanting a long cuddle session with both their kids when this was done.
“Yeah, but fireworks haven’t started yet, so I can still get some people to possibly give us a private lunch if I asked,” Tony pointed out. Steve looked over at him. “I didn’t…. A lot of people like to, actually do stuff, so I let them enjoy the day. There was a voice that sounded suspiciously like yours in the back of my head.”
"Go to Peter," he said, kissing his temple. Tony looked at him, eyes glancing to a steadily sleepier looking Jamie. "I'm not going anywhere, and you always feel better when you've got Peter with you. And he'll feel a little better when he sees that you're alright." Tony leaned up to gently kiss him.
“Don’t call me that.” Tony sucked in a breath and jumped at the voice right behind him. Jamie looked up, letting out a happy burble towards Bucky. The man just raised an eyebrow at her and poked her hand with one finger when she held it up towards him.
Tony tapped Steve’s knee as he silently got up. “Todd will be nearby if you need anything,” he told the two of them. “And Jarvis of course. We’ll be just upstairs.” Julie nodded a little, he head resting on top of Wade’s head. He motioned to Steve with a gentl nod of his head, motioning that they leave the apartment.
“Does Bucky even know how to play basketball?” Tony couldn’t help but question. Steve stared at him for a long second, before giving him a quick kiss and bounding out of the workshop, and taking the stairs three at a time. Tony launched into a new round of laughter.
"What I wouldn't give for Mary to tell me what I'm supposed to do right now," Tony said. "But if that were possible, then I wouldn't be in this situation, would I?" Tony slid his eyes upward, trying to fight back the not so familiar sting of tears. He needed to be strong for Peter, and this Loki and Tesseract business was just ruining everything. And he was suddenly mad at Howard for finding the stupid tesseract, and mad at Captain America for losing it before he went down in the ice.
The ride wasn't too long, opening up on Mr Steve's floor, the lights appearing on the floor again for him. He followed them to the living room where he could hear the TV playing in the background
Once Tony managed to tape an ice pack to his shoulder, near his neck, he grabbed something to drink, and wondered over to his computer. Jarvis already had the specs up on the suit, and the flight. Obviously the icing problem would have to be dealt with first. It wasn't until the TV caught his attention, that he looked away from the rendering Jarvis was coming up with.
“Coffee would never try to blackmail me,” Tony murmured as he took a drink. “Coffee would never try to kill me.”
“This is moving very far from the point of this visit,” Strange interrupted, now looking a little bored. Tony let out grunt and dropped down to the couch again, moving a hand to his head as if he had a headache.
“Vee! Sylvy!” Tony and Pepper watched as the now grown Sylveon jumped towards the elevator, champagne in their hands as they celebrated Stark Tower. Vee was sitting on the chair next to Tony, the others inspecting what would be their new home. The elevator doors opened and Coulson was standing there. “Sylveon!”
"Tony," Bruce said, still in his seat, but looking faintly amused. "You aren't thinking about taking him out to this song, are you?"
“Why do you do this?” Mary looked at Tony as Steve was walking over to the elevator. Jamie was starting to wake up when she felt her Papa’s deliberate steps. “You’re antagonizing.”
“I guess lots of practice?” Steve answered after a little thought. “There was always something to worry about when I was younger. Mainly being sick, but then we had to worry about rent and food, specially after Da died.” Tony smirked a little at the soft Irish lilt, something he must have picked up from his mom. “Worrying about the next job, and being able to do it with that month’s disease. Then there was a war, and I was in it, and that brings a whole new set of troubles.” He shrugged softly and Tony could feel it as he started to relax against him. “And you know I didn’t handle things all that well after waking up. Saw a therapist for a while, still have him on retainer actually.” Tony tilted his head a little.
"Stark!" His eyes widened, a smile flitting across his face when he saw the man in the sky. He was coming back down towards them. No... He was falling.
“You should have stayed in the ice, Captain,” she whispered to him, German accent thick, like so many other Hydra agents he had fought again. Steve couldn’t move his limbs, could barely think, as she heft Tony’s body over her shoulder. His body felt heavy, and cold. Another sharp tug in his chest had him looking down and he saw that a small dagger had been pushed in to the hilt. The weapon seemed to be radiating a cold aura, frost building in layers around it, and onto,
“What the-“ Tony froze suddenly, something in the back of his mind sensing something, wrong. Something red wandered into the corner of his vision on one side, snaking up and around. It wasn’t a person, or any kind of creature, but it felt like it was alive. Tony turned, every intention to run away from it, for once following what common sense was telling him to do, but stopped in his tracks when something suddenly wrapped around his chest. The red, it
“You want to drive one of my babies that isn’t the SUV or towncar?” Tony pushed out his lower lip. “Baby, I love you, but I think we’re gonna have to re-evaluate how much I love my cars. There might be graphs and pie charts involved.” Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head, then motioned towards a couple cars.
"If anyone actually knew how your brain worked, they would probably get commendations from the science community," Mary mumbled to him.
"Get the artifacts out!" Strucker started ordering, heading for the door. He left the room giving commands, and Tony knew that he didn't have long.
Tony growled and Steve picked up Tony enough so that his feet left the ground and he was able to drag him away from Loki. "I think it's time to leave," Steve mumbled and turned Tony so he was facing away from the dark haired alien before setting him back down on his feet. "You told Peter that you would sit next to him at dinner," Steve reminded the inventor. "You both had a great day today, and you can at least make sure that he has a great night as well."
"Someone keeps back a lot of secrets, sounds like," Loki said with a little smirk. Of course he could smirk, he was able to sit down.
Tony watched him for a minute, the blue eyes moving every so often, noting every movement in the diner. He shifted a bit, his eyes glancing over towards the bathrooms more often than not. Bucky hadn't wanted Steve to see him. Tony could work with this.
“Yeah, but I got used to not wearing anything,” He pushed himself up and grabbed the pair of pants that Steve threw at him from the doorway. Tony smiled at him, then pulled the pants on and stood up to grab a shirt. He snagged Steve’s arm and pulled him in for a quick kiss. “It’ll be nice to be by the kids again, though.”
“There’s still so much room to mess up though,” Tony told her. “I don’t know how I’ve lasted this long, honestly. It’s probably because there’s still people here to help me with him. I’m really not sure how you manage to do it, manage to be a full-time parent all the time.”
"But, it's not my birthday," Tony told him, turning into his chair a little to face the little boy. "Those are your cakes, buddy."
"It's fine, Cap, don't worry about it." Tony snapped a bracelet, testing it out, and he felt the quick, sharp sting. "And don't think that I don't see what you did," he added, getting a completely innocent looking Captain America face. "I said I didn't want anything for my birthday."
Mary looked over at him and seemed to see what he was thinking. "I know that look, mister. I see it all the time on my mothers face. Tony is a fine father as he is." Now Steve had a name to put with the name, but not a face. Yet. "We all used to live in California, and he came over to New York when I got transferred to make things easier. He loves Peter, and I'm just fine with his level of involvement."
"You're assuming this super soldier got sleep last night," Steve said, his eyes closed in the chair.
"Then I'll come out to you, the suit can land anywhere." Tony looked over to see the Mark XXXIII standing there.
Tony leaned his forehead against Steve's, eyes closed, both of them panting a little. "Sir, Young Master Peter seems to be having a nightmare." Tony's eyes flew open at Jarvis's voice.
"So just another quiet night of controlled chaos?" Tony knew there was a reason he put this man in this building. He liked him.
“Iron Man, Cap!” Tony said with a grin as the other gauntlet came flying in. He lifted his leg just in time to catch a one of the boots and leg piece. “Ah, hey, cool it Jarvis. A little fa-ah!” He turned to catch the other leg pieces for them to form and let out a groan when a piece slammed into his groin. He would make note of those that snickered later. Tony started to fall forward, the back piece attaching, and he used the repulsors to catch his balance in time for the chest piece to fly in, and most of the helmet. He waited for the face plate.
“My birthday baby is so adorable.” Tony pulled Steve’s head down for a kiss. “Rhodey’s being mean, he won’t come up for the party.”
“Alright, alright, I’m up!” He sat up, stretching his arms, before sliding his feet onto the floor. Vee jumped down to the floor and took off running. “Where’s the fire, Vee!” He called out, chuckling a little. He took a second to pull on a tank top and sweatpants, before following her. Vee yipped at him from the bottom of the stairs, and took off again towards the stairs to the workshop. Pepper was sitting on the couch, tablet on her knee, coffee steaming hot and in a mug for him.
"Is that so?" Pepper waited for an answer, but he really didn't have one that she wanted to hear. "Well, then I quit."
"Maybe your theory about them working with someone is right," Bruce said. He was rubbing his nose as he often did when trying to work something out in the lab. "Maybe they just got their hands on this recently, the ones they're working for didn't have the proper facilities?"
"You don't?? Oh, well, let me show you what you do!" Steve stopped in front of Mary and she reached down, slipping the shirt over Peter's head, making his squeal. "First, you have to have a fully dressed little boy before you can do anything else." Steve held up with both hands now, helping Mary get the shirt on the boy. "Then, you gotta make him tired."
Tony hopped over the back of the couch. “I’m good, let’s go.” Steve laughed and wrapped an arm around his waist, trying to keep up with him. “You said even Barnes was gonna get in on the kidlet situation?”
"Did you have a nightmare?" Tony asked his son and felt his little head nod. "Do you wanna tell me about it?" There was no answer, Peter sniffing, hands gripping Tony's shirt. "You know, I had a nightmare tonight, too," Tony told him. Peter moved his head, peering up at him. "They get scary, don't they?" Peter nodded. "But they're just dreams, and they're not real, and if we can just open our eyes, then it all goes away." Tony wished it could be that easy. "Did Wade help you wake up?" Another nod.
Bucky stared back at the little girl, then slowly reached out, hands carefully curling around her body under her arms and he lifted her up. She pat his real arm, gripping his sleeve, wanting to be pulled in and held properly. Meg was making no move to tell him what to do or correct him, so Tony took his cues from her and let it happen. He was close enough if something happened, but he was sure it wouldn’t.
"Mission?" Steve whipped around, startled when Tony walked up behind him. He was wiping his hands on an already greasy rag, tank top and faded jeans resting on his hips. Steve blinked a couple of times before nodding.
“I don’t care that I’ve been outed as no longer single,” Tony told her, the three of them, plus Jamie, stepping into the elevator that had come back down. “What matters is that Steve’s beard of wonders has saved his identity in all those social media pictures. No one was able to get close enough to start matching features with Captain America. Not that there’s much to match with the cowl on.”
"You knew what AIM and Hydra were trying to do, so you went about stopping them however you could," Steve finished for him. "What about your memories?"
“Did you know that for fun, he’ll take the elevator to the lobby, then run up the stairs, back to his floor?” Tony told them, and Steve’s cheeks turned a little red. “He lived on the Eighty-Third floor.
Mary smiled as Peter went on, eating her dinner, and Steve remembered that he had his own plate in front of him. He cut some of the chicken, and scooped up some pasta and sauce with it. There was a little moan when he started to chew, and Mary smirked a bit.
Pepper sighed a little and waved her hand, the promise of a future conversation there, but she understood. Tony leaned forward to kiss her cheek and hurried inside once again.
Tony barely heard the words as he looked through the information from the drive. Jarvis had done a scan, and brought forward a folder first. He thought it odd, until a cold knot wormed its way through him. "They have it all," Tony whispered. He didn't see Bruce look over to him, and walk over to look over his shoulder. He saw the copies of a journal with familiar handwriting. "They have Howard's Journals. That's how they got the formula." Tony tossed the tablet on the desk and dropped his head into his hands.
Tony sipped his coffee slowly, this stuff fresh, not the stuff that he just kept re-warming up until he forgot about it, again. The food was definitely something that Mary had cooked, and it was the best thing his stomach had tasted in at least four days. A tender pot roast with vegetables, and the mashed potatoes that Rachel had taught her to make. He thought the secret was to add sour cream and ranch dressing while they were being mixed, but there was another ingredient that he couldn't place.
“AIM has never been very high on my list,” Tony said, pressing Steve’s fingers gently to the bandage. “They’re not very bright, and I’m not surprised that they weren’t the ones who got the most out of the research that they had. Of course they’d have to settle for petty crime, kidnapping and stealing. I’m still not worried about them.”
Steve stepped out of the bathroom, adjusting his blue tie, the boys smoothing out his jacket and pants. Tony blinked and swallowed. Steve's hair was swept back and when he looked up, Tony swore that his blue eyes were a little brighter, and his smile was a little wider.
The door was suddenly swinging open, Bucky standing there, looking around with big eyes. They settled on the three people around a distressed Tony, and then on a crying Jamie, and his eyes narrowed, icing over a little. He growled and started to stalk over, and Pietro was moving faster than Steve’s eye could track. Bruce hurried in after Bucky, a little out of breath from trying to hurry, then ran over to take Jamie from Steve, getting her away from anything that might happen between the occupants in the room. Jamie let out a long whine in her cries, reaching back for Steve.
Tony and Mary walked off the elevator, Peter’s presents in hand, and headed for his bedroom. Mary and Coulson had blessedly decided to chaperone the slumber party that was happening, but they had decided it would be a good idea to move most of the presents up to Peter’s bedroom upstairs. Tony slowed a little as they approached the living room, then took a step in front of Mary.
Tony let the words roll around, getting his bearings back, then stumbled to his feet. “Did I get tazed?” He asked, moving down the hall. Meg’s office was full of all kinds of wire, so he grabbed a bundle of that and tossed it to Mary. Looking around, Tony spotted the three babies just inside the nursery and took a deep breath.
Tony lifted his head a little, eyes craving the darkness, adjusting quickly, even if it was blurry without his glasses. “Steve,” Tony whispered a little. “I think I need help.” A sad frown crinkled Steve’s forehead, and he could see how the blonde wanted to reach out. It was just how they comforted each other. Tony pushed one arm out towards Steve, and the man almost surged forward at the offering. Both hands wrapped around Tony’s hand, feeling the slight twitches in his fingers. “What if Peter had been around? I wasn’t seeing anyone, I didn’t know what was happening. I didn’t know that I had called the suit. What if I had hurt our kids?”
She could still feel a strong pulse coming from the PA. "Peter, Peter baby, are you okay?" She turned her attention to Peter, knowing that Stane was going to come back in the immediate five seconds. "Did he hurt you, baby?" she brushed her hands all over Peter's face, arms, back, everywhere. She saw the little trail of blood, and felt her heart stop a little. "Peter?"
After a couple minutes Tony leaned back, eyes open, and looked at Steve. Steve, not William. He blinked rapidly, then started to push himself up from the floor. Steve paused, then helped Tony up. "Sorry," Tony breathed, looking down at the floor. Steve fucking Rogers had to help him through another anxiety attack. "I have too," the words were starting to flow from Tony's mouth. "Have to go, check on stuff, just, gotta..." Tony stepped around Steve, not looking at anyone, practically jogging down the hall, away from everyone.
"High tech baby monitor." Steve nodded at Tony's words. "Come on, I need some coffee, and I'm sure you could use something to drink, too." Tony got up and gently slipped his arm around Steve's to try and lull him out of the room. "She'll still be here in fifteen minutes, and you can watch and listen to it all with the tablet. Less of a chance that we'll wake her up with any talking as well."
"We got in trouble with husbands and boyfriends, not the law! We knew how to control our temper." Tony pointed his wooden spoon at Steve. Steve just smiled at Tony, giving him pause. He turned his attention back to his concoction. "So, why aren't you going to get any sleep tonight? Post mission adrenaline?"
“Well, you didn’t leave me with a phone number, so I couldn’t exactly call you,” she said dryly. “What I want is something that I hope you can give.” Tony raised an eyebrow, noticing how Mary’s foot started to rock the bassinet when she saw Peter starting to move around, trying to lull him back to sleep. “I would like for Peter to know his Father. I’m not asking you live with him, or come over every day, just, you know come see him, spend some time with him.”
Stane turned a little, putting the arc reactor into the small case he had, locking it up. "I wish you could have seen my prototype." He watched Stane grab Peter, throwing him over his shoulder, to hang like some discard piece of clothing. "It's not as," he paused, searching for the words. "Well, not as conservative as yours." He turned to look at Tony. "Too bad you had to involve Pepper in this, I would have preferred that she lived. But, out of one last consolation, if you do what I want, this time, and just die, I'll be sure to drop the brat off with his Mother. He never saw my face, he still has a chance."
"He'll pop up like a puppy," William nodded. "Rachel went to go get Mary and Julie anyway, so I'm sure Wade will be in search of his best friend."
“Jarvis?” Steve asked after a while. “When Mary gets a chance, I need to talk to her.” Jarvis didn’t respond, sensing Steve’s mood it seemed, but he knew that the message would get to Mary. They needed to start to plan around this, concerning Peter, and Jamie. After the year they’d had, this would be devastating to the boy on his birthday. Steve leaned down, gently kissing Tony’s head as he ran his hand through Tony’s hair.
"I'm sure he's on his way home. Traveling must be -" Tony's throat constricted, making it hard to continue what sounded like meaningless platitudes even to him.  Péter had been outside in all of that. On the wind with no one to help or guide him during one of the bloodiest nights since war time. They’d given it a name for god’s sake.
Charlotte reached for her roll and took a bite, savoring the light sweetness of the bread, the way its little body broke apart under her teeth. Delicious as always. It was going to be a shame to lose Willamina when they moved into the villa in Geneva. At the very least Willamina’s cooking would put a buffer between her and the ladies from the Labor Force, who were as sweet as sugar frosted crabs. Pinchers and all.
How pointless it all seemed now. All those secrets and all that hiding over so many years. No menorahs had been lit this year, but the lights had found him anyway. Lights for the last Jew in Salzburg.
Bucky swung around, over balancing and sloshing his drink a little in the process. Damn. He looked down at the stain blossoming on his suit jacket and snarled at it. How dare it look like a wound. Fuck now he looked like one of those pictures in Steve’s poetry books. That was just not on. Damn pathetic. He threw back his head laughed before he looked back up at Charlotte, whose face was a mask as she stared at him.
He pulled out his chair, with more force than he meant to, the back of it bumping his thigh and swore. All he wanted was to be horizontal. Was that asking for so much? Probably.
“Wolfe can’t know for sure. There’s an inspection scheduled next month. He thinks they’ll do it then, make it a show for Goring.”
“Vati! What are you doing?” he heard one of the children cry, couldn’t quite tell which one with his back turned and his pulse loud in his ears.
Steve stared at her, shock bleeding all expression off his face. Unless there was more going on in Dachau then his Intel had provided she could only be talking about one thing.
Schmidt dismissed him with an impatient flick of his wrist and Dvorak made his way to the waiting car, the Sargent whose name he could not remember waiting with the door held open.
He seemed oblivious to the harsh string of words pouring out of Bucky’s mouth. Tony was less so. Bakhuizen wasn't throwing punches or doing any of the things Tony would expect someone to do when two men were brazen enough to embrace in front of him.
He must be, to take the risks he was taking, to throw away his opportunities for escape from the reach of the German’s, to look after the man’s children (not to mention the man himself). To put a target on his back by ferreting messages between him and the British over the radio he’d built to impress him.
"What happened?" Tony couldn't help but ask with a slight sneer given Bakhuizen's reputation. "Young love didn't last?"
“That'll be all of you singing, yeah?” Bucky turned to Tacha smiling broadly, “except this one. She'll be dancing.”
The crate tumbled over and sent them both tumbling to the ground with a painful thud. Steve rolled until his legs were free of it, and scrambled upon the ground, wet snow soaking through his trousers as he fought to sit up. She snagged him by the shoulders, and he batted her hands away, screaming in rage as he turned and grabbed her, shaking her.
Tony’s words from early blasted through his swirling thoughts. Your son. Trying to prove he’s like you.
He couldn’t help but think once more on Hammer's ominous absence, and his eyes darted down to the white envelope she’d tucked into the pocket of her coat. Peggy had always given the staff their Christmas bonus at the door with a wink and a promise to have all the fun they could in the new year.
"Of course not. This is our home. We're not going anywhere," Péter assured him, laying a hand on his shoulder. Ian looked up from the mirror, where he was combing his hair into place and gave Péter a very searching look.
"Captain!" Tony barked before he could stop himself. Of course this man was not Captain Rogers - the man he’d nearly run over in his haste had been an Adonis and this fellow was far from it - and he had just made a fool of himself in front of, what? The butler? Wonderful. If he kept up to this standard he'd be fired by dinner.
Steve had once thought that someone who grew up in places equally as grand as this one would constantly be comparing the rest of the world to that sort of standard. Tony certainly seemed to enjoy his luxuries, but he wasn’t some puffed up little tick like Göring and he didn’t lose his head over meaningless trinkets and fashions.
But it wasn’t to be, because there was a gentle rap on the study door a moment later and Charlotte’s voice intruded. She was apologetic but insistent that she must discuss something or other with him before she retired for the night.
Steve looked down into the large steaming cup and frowned. It made sense that Kurt would bring him his old favorite, but the smell of whipped cream and espresso curdled his stomach.
“I’m looking for a title I saw in the window. Captain Adventure.” Tony explained, grateful for the woman’s assistance.
“You heard him,” Hammer was crowing in the background. “The Czechs will clear out quick if they know what’s good for them and if they try anything our boys will show them what’s what.”
“What do you want me to do?”  Tony asked, because even if his mind was already buzzing with a million and one escape plans, without doubt Nik had an agenda of his own he wanted to push. It was worth it to hear him out before he formed his own plans largely because Tony wasn’t sure he had a chance in hell of pulling any of his own ideas off.
Péter finished his little speech and looked up at him, mouth set stubbornly but so much longing for understanding in his eyes that Tony’s heart ached. He was so goddamn young. And so right.
"You must care about this family a great deal." He gave a sort of poignancy to the words that made Tony sure they were not just talking about one thing but many. His chest constricted with ache as his thoughts inevitably returned to Stefen and the children, and the way he'd left them to deal with the aftermath of the pogrom and Péter's leaving. His hand began to shake again and Tony lowered the hand he had holding the knife. He took in a breath and let it out slowly.
"Can I take my zoology book on our adventure?" Artur asked, tugging on the sleeve of Tony's shirt to gain his attention. Tony pried himself away from thoughts of the night before and blinked down at the boy, who was clutching the heavy textbook to his chest like a lifeline. Tony glanced around the boy's room, which was a mess of open drawers and discarded items that had not made it past Pepper's inspection.
The car was speeding toward them, up the road they'd already hit. They both seemed to realize it at the same moment, staring wildly at each other frozen in shock before he heard her breathe his name in a small voice.
Right. Tony’s family was celebrating at home, and they needed to speak with the Rabbi. But before then... Steve looked around, his eyes catching on the stone arches of the arena rising up over the rooftops and an idea sparked in his mind. His heart kicked in his chest, beginning a furious beat.
Steve’s mouth twisted upward in a near smile. Tony was always right. When hadn’t Steve wanted to die?
Stark matched him gaze for gaze as if he weren’t a guest in Steve’s home, an employee… lord of the manor this one. Stark carried himself like he’d be king anywhere and it was annoying in a way that Steve couldn’t even begin to understand.
“No. I didn’t.” Steve refuted with a grunt of his own. He appreciated Bucky’s solidarity but it was obvious to them both wasn’t it?
But, though the captain’s hand on the boy’s shoulder might have been heavy, the thumb that trailed lightly over Péter’s shoulder was betrayingly tender. Péter swallowed thickly, his spine straightening as he nodded with newfound conviction.
“Where did your father tell you that you were going?” The man in the suit asked James. James shrugged, staring mulishly down at his shoes. It was easier to keep glaring if he looked at his shoes. He didn’t want to look at the man in the suit or the man with the gun who blocked the door.
“You make an ugly woman Cousin” Grig, remarked once the car Grig had waiting had pulled away from the hall. Tony, still craning his neck to be sure his unwanted friend wouldn’t suddenly reappear, ignored the jibe, but not the alarmed looks the driver was casting over his shoulder at his hairy knees. Tony could see the man was debating whether to kick them out or not.
Ian clenched his jaw but didn’t refute Tony. At least not with words, because Tony was an expert by now with that particular Rogers family expression.
The truth was, though he’d known the man something like twenty years now, the abbot remained a mystery to him. He always had his own agenda and was always sure to never reveal more than a few cards in his hand at one time. While Tony knew him to be loyal to the now obsolete Hapsburgs, he didn’t know why Farkas had an interest in Stefen and his activities, or what he’d do with the information that Tony suspected the children’s illnesses might be exaggerated.
The villa gardens were in full bloom, poignantly back dropped by the stunning architecture of the house surrounded by the summer green of trees and the hazy blue of the distant mountains. Tony swallowed, reminded of the mountains surrounding St. Peter’s. He ducked his head, refusing to dwell. He was accustomed to the constant ache of it by now anyhow. Tony rubbed at his chest absently, took a deep breath and then another as he approached the front door and pressed the bell.
The panicked spiral of his thoughts was interrupted when Natacha reemerged, her face scrubbed bare. There was unfortunately nothing they could do about the powder in her hair or the length of her skirt.
Steve had thought long and hard on the things Tony had said to him. He knew this was right. This was the best way. And the least selfish. Péter could study and learn without inhibition or fear of harm. Without the burden of the Reich and bullies that dogged his back, Péter might have a chance at a decent life, the life Steve and his mother had always wanted to give him. The life he deserved.
“Since yesterday. I think. I got a good score on my test because I practice. That’s why I need to find the crustaceans. I need to study them and Mon Amie needs a friend. He’s all alone when I’m exploring. May we please, vati? I've never held one.” he asked Steve shyly looking up at him from under his lashes.
If Tony were honest, he’d come to really enjoy receiving Stefen’s letters, to seeing the captain’s full name spelled out in sprawling letters at the bottom of the page: Stefen Gavril Rogers, like a flag stuck into soil. As if Stefen felt the need to claim everything contained within the letter as his own and close to his heart. It had become increasingly clear to Tony that despite the increasing length of his stay in Vienna that Stefen truly hungered after word of the children, to feel close to them and know that they were well. It was frustrating to say the least because the children were equally hungry to be close to their father and to Tony’s observation Stefen was the only one standing in his own way.
“They don’t like fire; Father will keep the fire up while we sleep. Won’t you Father?” Ian murmured, reaching to unfasten Artur’s suspenders at his father’s nod of agreement. Artur accepted the help far more gracefully than James would have and there was relatively little fuss altogether as the children began their preparations for bed.
with you. It will keep you warm.” She gestured to the jug and Tony came without protest. Nonna was always forcing food upon him and he hated to disappoint her with his poor appetite. But when it came to wine, he could certainly oblige her. He poured himself an overfull mug and took a healthy sip, savoring the flavors of cinnamon and clove that splashed over his tongue. He could feel her watching him.
“It’s so damn easy for you!” Stefen shouted at him. “You get to waltz in and do and say whatever the hell you want, and who the hell cares if you do? The only one who gets hurt when you fuck up is you. This is my family, Bucky! And they will
“This lovely creature at my side is my wife, Siv. She does me great honor by ignoring a multitude of faults and continues to gift me with her adoration.”
He was looking down at Ian, who was looking up at his father with his arms crossed behind his back in what Tony could only classify as parade rest.
Of course he’d felt envious at times, but they were shallow and fleeting moments. Steve’s fair face and golden head was not all blessing. Bucky’s mother had called it the curse of halves, always being a part of something but never whole. Over the years Bucky had witnessed firsthand the pain Stefen had endured, torn between his two parts. Everybody had their curses to bear.
Tony felt the man’s eyes on his as he made his way to the open door where Herr Hammer now stood in wait. Though it would undoubtedly be looked down upon by any good loyal citizen of Austria he acknowledged the gardener with a small nod as he passed. The gardener’s eyebrows arched in something close to surprise and Tony couldn’t blame him. The only people who went out of their way to be friendly to the sort of people the Reich had classified as ‘sub-human’ were the sort with no sense of self preservation. His sort apparently.
"It's what a real man would do." Péter answered with bite but Tony didn't seem to be effected by it.
“I’ve got her,” a deep familiar voice said, and then new hands were gripping her by the arms and Willamina’s slid away. “Come on Ginger.”
Bucky needed to do the same, but for the first time he hesitated, watching as Schmidt and Dvorak traded fire. Bucky knew what Steve would do; what Steve would say a good man
"You don't know do you?" The sudden question was full of gravel that Tony felt rumbling in Stefen’s chest as his arms tightened around him, and fingers pressed more demandingly against skin.
, a first edition at that, and in quite good condition besides its age. Still, the spine creaked as Tony opened her, the soft old pages smelling strongly of some sort of perfume and – no, not perfume Tony realized as he discovered the dried flowers tucked between the pages. Edelweiss.
[Droll] I always loved that the last shot was us walking through the hills with no food or supplies.
“I know darling.” Tony had leaned over to cradle her cheek, and so that he was close enough to lower his voice out of earshot of Lt. Steven’s who was stationed at the door. “But you’re all doing so well. You remember what I told you? It’s very important.” Maria nodded slowly, answering his prompt with tear filled eyes.
Tony found Stefen in his study, already dressed for the party in a smart suit with tails, standing by the window and staring out into the dark. For a moment Tony watched him, taking in his stillness and the faraway look in his eyes with a heavy heart. Finally, he did what he knew he had to do, and reached for the gift Steve had given him. As he pulled it over his head the coins clinked together, not a jarring sound by any means, but Steve still jerked as if he'd been poked. His head turned, watching silently as Tony approached. Without speaking Tony reached for his wrist. Tony drew his arm up and Steve uncurled his tightly clenched fingers as if by instinct, and he stared unblinking as Tony laid the necklace into his waiting palm. Tony had to fight the urge to snatch it back. He’d only worn it for a day, but already his neck felt unbearably bare without it.
“But as a friend, Tony, I’m warning you that certain claims have been made against you and Captain Rogers. Things are being discussed in the High Command that would make it a mistake for either of you to stay in Austria. They know you have powerful friends, so when they find their evidence they’ll move quickly.”
"Well, I asked Mr Steve to move in with me. Is that okay?" It was important to Tony that Peter approved, even if he already approved of their relationship. He had told Steve before, and he'd stick by it til the end of his days, but Peter came first. Always.
“Howard?” Peggy called out, walking closer to him. Howard didn’t turn to look at her. “You said that you couldn’t get them open, that the balls were corrupt.”
"Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy." Tony looked between Bruce and Natasha, sliding off the counter he had been sitting on. Something didn't feel right in the back of his mind. "I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction."
"Because Steve isn't one of the most popular first names in the past, like, hundred years," she snorted with a smirk. "Alright, creeper, let's see the playlist. I'm going to judge you on your music choices while you look over the menu." Steve took out his phone, setting it on the counter and picked up the laminated menu. "Is this a Starkphone?"
Steve and Tony looked at each other, then back to Loki, and the tricky bastard was gone. They both turned on their heels and ran for the garage. Sure enough, Thor was still downstairs with Loki, the latter looking like he hadn't moved since this morning.
“There are other people who make food, for pay,” Tony pointed out. “There are even people who get paid to bring the food to houses.” Steve snorted and laughed. “Come on, I’m serious.”
"Nuh uhn," Peter said, shaking his head, and Tony glanced down at him. "You have to have imagination to think of what you want that to look like. You made up the Tower on your own." Tony gave Peter a small smile and kissed his cheek.
The bathroom was dark, but they were close enough that Steve could still see Bucky glaring at him. They heard the nurse start to talk with Meg, getting vitals and asking questions now that she was actually awake. "Help me, Bu-James," Steve whispered to him. "Help me find Tony." Then let me help you, he wanted to say.
Tony grinned, holding his phone up to take the pictures. Steve was trying not to blush as Princess Aurora kissed his cheek, and Tony reached down to high five Peter standing next to him. He had already sent the picture of the actress kissing Peter’s cheek, and kissing Jamie’s cheek, looking delighted at her little costume.
The cameras, the reporters, they were all clambering for a picture, wanting the two heads of Stark Industries. "Let's take a picture," Obie said after a moment of silence. "Picture time!" His tone was like that of talking to a small child, talking to Peter. As if he would ever let the man talk to him.
"I had to go pick up the last of our teammates." He let the sentence soak in for a second, waited for Rachel to brim with anger, her mouth opening to berate him again. "And I found Phil Coulson alive, and brought him back here." And then he watched the anger drain from her face, along with a little bit of color.
Tony woke up later that day not feeling right. He was asleep on the couch in the workshop, his arm around Peter who was still asleep. They had spent nearly the entire day together, Tony's attempt to show him that things wouldn't change that much, and he was sure what was Peter's attempt to make sure that he didn't spend more time with Jamie.
"Got Widow and Hawkeye with me," he reported. He was still in Captain America mode. "Are you in the field?"
“Not that we’re getting back to sleep anytime soon,” Steve murmured, and Tony just hummed in agreement. Steve carefully threaded his fingers through Tony’s hair as he held onto his, careful of his fingers as a faint ache pulsed through them from the dream. If those were the dreams that Tony was constantly experiencing, it was a wonder that Tony hadn’t avoided sleeping more often.
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
Dual gasped sounded in his mind when something suddenly struck at his arc reactor, a sharp pain radiating throughout his nerve endings, making his heart rate skyrocket and his chest seize. This time he could scream with the pain, and then the pulling continued, but only on one side this time. His body suddenly hit something solid, and his ears were assaulted with too many voices. There was talking that was more like shouting and yelling, some screaming, and crying.
Surprisingly though, Tony hadn't had a lot of interaction with The Neighbor. Maybe because it was winter? Maybe because SHIELD was actually using the man for missions now? Tony wasn't sure, but he rarely saw him when picking up and or dropping of Peter now, and never saw him outside the apartment building either. When Tony mentioned the sidewalks and parking lot being cleared of snow, Mary had mentioned that Steve woke up early on those days to get the sidewalks for everyone, before continuing his crazy need to go for a morning run. Tony would deny it until he was blue in the face that he didn't spend any extra time thinking about The Neighbor. Good thing he stay in his lovely state of denial.
Besides the letters there was not much else besides a bound portfolio full of sketches. As he rifled through sketches of the children, the house, and the mountains, Tony wondered at first why Stefen would bother to lock such a thing away so secretively. There was so much love in each one of them, such attention to minor details that brought the subjects to life upon the pages. They were fantastically good, but shockingly intimate in a way.
It had been hours since Bucky had stormed from the house, and time waited for no one.  It was fast nearing the hour when the first guests would start arriving for the Christmas party. If he'd had any way of contacting Coulson and calling the whole thing off, Tony would have. Steve's head was not in a good place. He'd been in a fog ever since Bucky had left. His eyes consistently straying to windows and doors in hollow expectation, glazing over for long moments until something or someone called for his attention.
"But not respect. Not really. " Tony murmured, staring at Stefen in such a way that he'd have been blind to miss the real point: that Stefen had earned his. He was sure now that what he’d glimpsed between the two men was nothing short of love. Genuine, tested and unfailing.
“Yes. We’re all familiar with your preferences James,” the baroness murmured, a sly glint in her eyes and Bakhuizen chuckled richly. Seeing the curious expression on Natacha’s face the woman smiled, tilting her head toward Bakhuizen. “One day, a fellow like him is going to come along Natacha and try to convince you you’re his whole world. What he fails to tell you is that the next girl will be his stars and moon.”
Tony chuckled into his drink, though for the maid's sake he tried to quiet the sound. The girl flushed a vibrant red but wisely scurried to be rid of the ruined loaves and ran into the pantry to fetch the supplies to begin a new batch. Willamina, standing over the stove with hands fisted on curvaceous hips glowered in Tony's direction.
“Not particularly,” Péter, turning back to his notes, said in that snide way the young were so good at. But of course he wasn’t done, following it up a moment later with a mutter.
, had been his choice (he’d had such strong belief in what the country could become, what they could build together) and no matter how bitter it was to watch that dream die, it was only thanks to that decision that Schmidt hadn’t torn his family apart already.
He’d gone to the automobile first, because it would have been rude to ignore a lady, the black surface winking at him as he'd run a hand over her hood, imagining it to still be warm with life. He could fix this, a broken belt, perhaps a new engine. All in do time, all a matter of the right tools and the right hands and she would be restored. The car was fixable, like so little else.
He was still flabbergasted that he had to talk two relatively sensible men out of supplying a three-year-old with a gun, and he couldn't help the resentment he felt at being made to be the voice of reason. He was completely out of practice. Stefen had asked again that night at supper if Tony would come, that little half smile making an appearance again. Once the children had caught wind that they might spend a morning with their father and their uncle, free from lessons there was no getting them off the idea. Even Péter had kept sending him pleading looks. Damn Stefen for asking in front of them anyway. Tony knew he’d done it on purpose.
For a moment it was still within the room while Bucky considered him with an expression caught halfway between awe and suspicion and Stefen appeared to turn the idea over silently in his head.
!” Tony called for their attention urgently with a fixed smile on his face. Natacha looked up and the spell was broken. The others trailed to a stop as Pepper yanked the needle off the record and brought the music to an abrupt halt.
"So, this Cardinal goes in... to get his priests or whatever, and our men slip in with the bunch? Is that what you're suggesting?" Stefen finally asked and Tony wanted to ring a bell. He settled for a reserved nod.
He always made sure to scrub really well after a strike but the stuff stained easily and his nailbeds were hard to get to. It wouldn’t be the first time a faint residue had been left over for a few days.
Bucky, still in his undershirt, swept the tray out of her hands, grinning at her lazily. He'd always enjoyed Steve's celebrity, got a kick out of it in a way Steve never could, but this morning he seemed less inclined to play the monkey.
“Tony,” he entreated softly, the Italian rolling off his lips, calm, commanding. “You’ve got to trust me.” Steve held out the hand that wasn't supporting Sara’s weight, palm up, pleading. “I won’t let them have you. Any of you.”
"Every last thing must be perfect or it'll be the talk of Salzburg. I trust you'll be dining with the staff this evening, Herr Stark?" Hammer sneered at Tony’s back. Tony had toasted his cup to him with a roll of his eyes, not bothering to dignify that with a reply as he made his way toward the back door. Personally he didn’t think he’d make it to dinner. Frauline Werner sounded like the sort who would hardly wait to get home before reporting a rebel to the police.
Bucky blew out a slow breath releasing a plume of smoke as his fingers tapped on the fag he held with an agitated beat.
"Did the Enns Sisters really vouch for you, Father?" She asked with an arched red brow and Stefen chuckled, looking somewhat exasperated himself as he nodded.
He thought he heard someone calling his name distantly, a woman's voice, imploring and soft over the fierce drumming inside his head and he blearily opened his eyes to find the blurred shape of a face pressed close to his.
Much like his prala always counted them. Bucky had an excellent poker face but it was still no match for Steve who knew all his tells.
He’d nearly died that winter Bucky remembered with a shudder. His cough had gotten so bad that he’d rattled with every breath he took. And even then the idiot hadn’t wanted to eat when his mother was forced to go without.
“Natacha? Yes she’s a wonderful girl.” Tony responded somewhat warily and Charlotte chuckled, a touch of mocking in her tone as she turned toward him, no hint of anything but politeness on her face.
If it came down to it - staring a man in the eyes as they came for you with the intent to kill - if it came to it (oh, and it would) Steve had no doubt Péter would do whatever he needed to keep his siblings safe. He'd always done, and Steve was both proud and terrified of that fact.
“Are you dying?” Stefen called, switching back to German and sounding for all the world bored. How he managed to look and sound so composed after an exchange like that Tony didn't know because he felt like he’d had an electric shock to the heart…and possibly his groin. Most definitely his groin, he thought begrudgingly as Ian continued trying to drown his younger brother.
"You need to rest," Steve told him, stepping closer, but didn't try to grab him again. "You didn't pass out from blood loss, you passed out from Stress." Steve took a breath, pressing down on the mess of his emotions. He would be too quick to anger if he didn't take the extra three seconds to think about what he was going to say. "You haven't slept since coming back home, or when you do it's only for a couple of hours before you're up and running again. You haven't really processed what happened, haven't told me everything, and your body can't handle that anymore. Tony, you're running yourself into the ground."
Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair, feeling some of the dust, making his hair feel not as soft as it could be. “I just get concerned. It’s kind of a default setting.” He kissed Tony lightly. “If you don’t want to talk about it with me, I know who you can talk about it with.”
“Fine,” he breathed out, waving his hand. “I’m fine. The shield is on the bottom of the car, hidden compartment. It should have popped by now. I’ve got the kids.” He thought Steve nodded, but he was moving from the car, and Tony wasn’t going to tell him that his vision was swimming and his head was throbbing. He suspected it was a concussion.
"The Tower is too far away, she's got tails," Tony told Steve. "You're closer." There was a beat of silence, then two voices started talking at the same time.
"What about just a birthday party here at the Tower?" Steve put more bacon on the pile, then slapped Tony's hand away when he tried to steal another piece. "You can wait until it's all done." Tony gave a pout and Steve just raised an eyebrow at him. "Or you can have the party at the Manor."
"We're bringing in a team for this one," she told him as he turned on the tablet, looking at the files. "Like a response team, better freshen up." Steve looked through the names, seeing Stark's name. He looked up at her and she stared back evenly. "We're going to need his expertise, and maybe his firepower. Better make peace with your feelings."
"He set the terms, and I merely agreed," Loki told him. "You know as well as I, until the Arbiter comes, he is bound to truth."
"Har har." Tony let out a little huff of air through his nose. "Well, I'll let you introduce the boyfriend, and I'm going to run downstairs real quick." He looked at Mary, tapping the arc reactor a little. "Won't be but a couple minutes."
.' Steve watched as everyone else was doing all the same moves, then his eyes slid back to watching Tony. '
"I don't know Tony, and I'm not going to start accepting things from him just because you tell him about me. He's your boyfriend, and he'll do anything for you."
“Jolteon,” it chirped out, looking around. “Jolty.” Tony grinned as he watched Vee talk to their newest addition, then looked over as he heard another crack. The black egg was going to be next.
Tony pushed himself back, only looking away when a light caught his eyes. Another portal was opening, and he could see the army, could see the earth. They were going to destroy the Earth, like they meant too the first time, and he had lead them there. He would be left here, with the bodies of those he had gotten killed, those that he had loved. No, not everyone. Peter was still on earth. He had let him down, just like Steve said. He had let him down, and now Peter was going to die, and Tony would be left to rot in the darkness of space.
Tony glanced over, seeing Maria Hill walk towards him as Loki's conversation continued. She nodded to him a little, hand gently touching his elbow, before walking onto the main deck.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen such an easy smile on your face,” Pepper said warmly. “It looks good on you.”
"Rogers, you've only been up for three hours," Tony said as he stepped in the room, hands on his hips. "There's no way that two kids have exhausted a super soldier."
"I don't even stay on this floor that often," Steve told him and sat up on the couch. "We're usually up on his floor." Sam raised an eyebrow at him as he dropped into a large chair. "We're an item, is that still a good term? It sounds weird to say."
Everything in his body locked up, every nerve going numb, a high pitched sonic noise traveling through his ears and shutting down his body. His eyes widened when his body started to slump, falling without being able to control his own movements- No, there was someone behind him, there was a hand on the back of his neck, slowly bring him back to rest against the back of the couch.
"You should probably watch the footage," Steve added in, motioning towards a tablet he left on another counter.
"Well, we do have to make a plan," Steve said as they sat on the couch. Tony grabbed the tablet that was on the coffee table before Steve could, checking on the camera feed that was Jamie's temporary room. She was still blissfully asleep. "We have a lot of enemies popping up, a lot of surprises, and we need to make sure that we have all of our blind spots covered."
“Actually, Sir,” Jarvis spoke up and Tony’s eye twitched slightly. “These specific frames were the indoor frames. The workshop frames were the two-tone square frames.” Steve smirked a little at him, still not saying anything. He pulled off a piece of bread and handed it over to Jamie when she glanced over at him, and she diligently started to nibble on it. “There were also the two pair of solid color squares frames, one in black, the other in white, that you declared to be used for social events. You also ordered one pair of round rimmed glasses, as you stated, to break up the monotony.”
The sand wasn't a soft landing though. But, Tony Stark was alive. He was alive, and now he had to get home.
“True, but I was little Wade’s favorite babysitter when his parents were working.” She glanced back towards the school, then faced Bucky again. “Are you enjoying this little slice of freedom?” She lowered her voice and stepped closer to him. His finger twitched, the knife sliding down his arm. “I’m playing the long game, something that even you don’t know about. How long do you think you’ll be safe in that little Tower? Under protection of Tony Stark? Steven Rogers?” Hilda snorted softly. “We’ll get them both, preferably alive, but we’ll make do.” Her hand grabbed his wrist as the knife slipped into his palm, slamming it back against the car. “You won’t make a scene, not in front of the school. Lucky for you, neither will I.” She tapped his nose, then took a step back. “I’ll be seeing you soon, Soldier. Better get those two boys home, yeah?” She started to walk away from him. “Tell my niece hello, would you?”
“You and your family must come to Norway Captain, I insist. My daughter would love the opportunity to make so many new friends.” He said once he’d set the child free. Siv was giving him an indulgent smile but nodded in agreement.
Tony flinched and just hoped Holmes didn’t catch it. This was the furthest thing from a game to Tony. This was war, and this was how you won wars.
"You're hysterical." He declared, and she could have spit. Men were loathsome and ridiculous she decided. She hated them. Every last one!
“Right.” Though his voice betrayed none of his rage, when Captain Stefen Gavril Rogers turned on his heel and began marching down the hall there was no mistaking he was a man on the war path.
Ian stared at him. Even sitting Father was taller than him, even if just a little. Ian had never been at this vantage point, or at least that he could remember. He was almost eye to eye with him.
The hands twisted that much harder, forcing his neck to bend back and back until Steve was sure it would snap.
Though Stefen appeared outwardly still, his head bowed in a semblance of prayer, Tony could tell that he was carefully watching everyone who entered and left the sanctuary. Besides the date and time, the only thing the letter from SIS had given them to go on was the code name of the woman they were supposed to meet and the fact that she was blond. Not a lot to go on, and too much danger of missing her if they diverted from the plan.
He huffed a small laugh, wiping a hand down his face in the darkness. It sounded weak even to his own ears.
The side door for staff was the most vulnerable entry point. He cased the entire building until he figured out which room was Dvorak’s, lucky enough to spot the man through a window as he entered the room. The inn kept a pen full of goats, and they had a girl looking after them. It was easy to stop her for directions and chat her up, like any fellow would when they came across a pretty woman who gave them the time. While she was distracted by his flattery, he slipped the latch on the gate and it wasn’t long after he’d pretended to leave on his way before the curious goats discovered the gate ajar and made their escape. It was almost funny watching the poor girl running after them. A soldier jumped in to help her try and recapture the willy creatures and they made quite the spectacle.
Too slowly, because Stefen was there in a rush quicker than he could blink, batting Tony’s swinging fists aside and grappling for a hold on his wrists as he pushed him back against the wall and caged him tightly with his body. Tony glared at him, teeth bared as he struggled to catch his breath and Stefen stared down at him, barely winded, a feral gleam in his eye that made an altogether different kind of heat prickle over Tony’s skin.
In a chair opposite, Ian blinked slowly and lifted his head, his eyes moving to the door and his brow furrowing at it deeply. Fraulein Regenbogen had stepped out a few hours ago and had not returned. Tony was nearly positive she was hidden away somewhere, out of sight and out of mind. The soldier currently outside their door would have no reason to remember her or to think on her face. Most likely Sieger was doing his best to keep Stefen distracted and not wondering too much on her absence.
He was saved momentarily from his indecision as Bakhuizen strode into the room through the serving door, snow still clinging to his ulster coat and the fur lined hat he wore, fresh from travel.
He abandoned his examination of Tony’s chest to get to the very urgent task of opening his slacks and Tony helped. But he’d barely kicked them away before he was pushing Steve back and tugging his jacket and shirt the rest of the way off. That was rather a good idea actually. Steve didn’t want any barriers between them when he laid Tony down upon that bed. Thank god for his presence of mind.
Frau Hogan bared her teeth at her. It was the only word for it, because that expression on her face was too savage to be a smile.
He pointed to the place where a long rectangular frame was being erected, cement poured for a floor. A group of men nearby were laying bricks, not far from a large cement mixer that was slowly churning as dirt and sediment was shoveled into its mouth by a team of weary men with shovels.  Others were clearing the ground nearby - tilling up the soil and breaking up the rock underneath with rakes and pick axes to make way for another part of the structure.  His eyes landed on a skinny young man as his axe rose and fell, up and down, each tired swing looking wearier than the last - and still the young man persisted at the urging of the Krippo.
"You're brilliant Tony." Stefen exclaimed just when the silence seemed to drag too long. The smile blooming on his face was radiant even within the dark of the room. And then, unthinkably, he’d grabbed Tony by both cheeks and pressed a feverish kiss against his lips.
Tony turned to face him, nearly turning right into his arms the man was hovering so close, and his pulse quickened as one of Stefen’s hands came to settle on his hip. No pressure, just a light steadying touch, but Tony felt the heat of his hand like it was burning through his slacks.
Steve tuned out the sound of Tony questioning the man selling fish, because they asked the same questions every day and received so many of the same answers. Tony did most of the talking because his Italian was better, but Steve’s was good enough that he could tell the difference between ‘
A well-dressed woman on the arm of a gentlemen paused just slightly in her step, her eyes taking in the large family sitting by the fountain enjoying their after supper treat. Her eyes, watching Stefen, went soft with fondness before meeting Tony’s briefly in curiosity before her attention was pulled away by the gentlemen at her side.
“How is he?” Péter asked and Tony glanced back at Ian who was murmuring quiet encouragement for James to breath in and out before answering in a lowered voice, “It could be the asthma; he was diagnosed as a child but the tea seemed to be helping. Which indicates the cause is viral. But it could mean anything from bronchitis to diphtheria really.”
A painful little huff of laughter escaped him and a little of his heart ache began to ease. If there was ever a child he would try and turn the tides for it was her.
Seven pairs of eyes stared at him as he took his seat at the head of the table. Seven because Herr Stark was very busily ignoring him.
"Tony's not with the gestapo" Steve insisted stubbornly, like the world was easily split between good people and gestapo.
“Well that settles it then.” Da tossed his newly sown blouse at him. Ian caught it before it smacked his face, trying not to giggle but he couldn't help the little burst of laughter.
"Yeah, a place where you two can have your lessons, or you can go too whenever you want." Tony thought about the plans he had been finishing. "And maybe Miss Meg can do some work in there. She can teach you about some new ways to do art."
"Jarvis is scanning traffic cameras," Natasha threw in. "I don't think that we're going to find anything though."
"Go ahead and let him in." Tony swiped away the camera. "Go ahead and let him know where I am, maybe he can help me."
"And that doesn't make you angry?" Tony asked, his arm dropping over his eyes. He was pretty sure that Captain America's eyes would make him starting spilling his guts on their own.
There was a bit of silence in the room, everyone mulling over their options. Except for Tony, he was glaring daggers at Natasha, because he knew what she had decided. "Who would be going to DC, Agent Romanoff?" He was still a little mad about being spied on, too. Sue him.
," Tony murmured as he titled it and added Iron Man and Back In Black. "I swear, it's like he's doing this on purpose, just to drive me crazy."
Steve texted back, saying he’d need about ten minutes, and something about finding a shirt. It wasn’t even half the time when the elevator doors opened and Steve was walking over to them. Bucky nudged Wade’s arm a little as he pushed himself up. The two shared a brief look, both nodding to each other, and Steve sat down next to Wade, arm going out to wrap around the boy’s shoulders. Bucky moved back towards the elevator, set on going to the gym now, giving them some privacy.
Tony's eyes had widened, and his breathing picked up. "Tony, listen to me," Steve said, catching Tony's attention. "Stay calm, don't move." Tony, being who he was and unable to resist moving his mouth, tried to talk and ended up moaning in pain, a moan that was quickly turning into something more strangled. His gripped Steve's arms tight with his hands. "Thor! How do you get this thing off!"
Tony walked up the steps, hand barely raised to knock and the door slowly opened to allow him inside. “Anthony Stark, you are one of my more surprising visitors.” Tony stepped inside, the door closing behind him, and saw Strange walked down the stairs from the second floor.
"About a month before he died, Howard let it slip. He was asking questions about candidates" Bruce looked at him calmly. "Said he had one in mind, when I finished the serum. He was confident that I would finish it, perfect it. Said that he was smart, had spunk, and was little, just like you had been, but he was sure that the potential was there, and that he just needed a kick in the rear." The brunette snorted a little, taking another drink from his cup. "Probably the nicest words I'd heard him say about his son," he murmured into his cup before looking back at Steve. "I had met Tony in passing a couple times before that, he was in MIT at this time, getting his graduate degrees. I didn't say anything, but when Howard left the file for his 'candidate', well, I knew it was Tony.
A sharp slap to his cheek brought Tony's head back up, and he saw Steve in front of him. His face was twisted in a frown, but he was, concerned? "Stark? Can you hear me?" Tony blinked, then nodded once. "You gotta get the suit off." Tony looked down, seeing the heavily damaged suit. It was almost completely offline. "Loki will be going to wherever the tesseract is, and only you can bring back Banner's results."
“There’s a chance,” Tony said with a nod. “Since Bruce is very familiar with what they’re using, we’re working on a counter-active agent.” Tony could stop right there, and not continue. If it wasn’t for Bruce’s fire like gaze digging into the back of his skull. Honestly, he had been trying to ignore the test results that he had been given a few days ago by Bruce. “You should totally let us get some blood samples from you, Cap, so we can work on that.”
Steve was talking to Mary's doctor in the hall when Tony came back up. "Mr Stark," the doctor greeted. "As I was telling Captain Rogers, Miss Parker is recovering nicely. Her breaks are healing cleanly, which is the best we could have hoped for. She will need some light physical therapy when she wakes up-"
"Daddy!" Peter was already up and running over to Tony. Tony 'oomphed' and laughed, catching Peter and lifting him up.
"These guys come from legends, they're basically Gods." Steve snorted a little at her words, grabbing his shield and securing it to his arm.
Tony felt his phone buzz as Jarvis came back online. "J, I need eyes on Loki immediately," Tony said softly.
Wade sat up on the bed then, and scooched a little closer to Tony. He had a serious look and Tony blinked for a second. "I do really appreciate it, Mr Tony. I know you're helping my Mom a lot, too." This kid was too grown up in all the wrong ways. "I don't know how I'll ever be able to make it up to you, but I'm gonna try. I really like Peter, and I'll never let anything happen to him, not while I'm around. Just like you don't let anything happen to me, or my Mom."
Vee tilted her head a little, watching her. Tony mumbled a little in his sleep, fidgeting a little. Pepper looked at him with soft eyes. “He always feels better when he’s able to get some sleep here at home. He won’t admit it often, but he always feels better when he’s able to spend time with you.” Pepper let out a breath and smiled gently down at Vee. “Let me dump him in a shower real quick, and I’ll pull him into the bedroom. You can work your magic on him.”
"Think the guy's a friendly?" Steve asked. Tony thought for sure that SHIELD would have updated two of their top agents. How was he the only one who recognized the guy, and the hammer, from the SHIELD profile?
"Yeah, I'm gonna have to leave now. Be good for your Mom, and I will see you real soon. Bye, Petey."
"I shall start putting in regular breakfast orders for scones and tea, Sir." Steve noted that it vaguely sounded like a threat from the AI.
"Can you teach me to draw like that, Mr Steve??" Peter asked, turning in Tony's arm to look at him. "That's really good, I wanna be as good as you!"
“Something you’re not going to want to tell Barton and Romanoff about,” Mary told him with a quick glance. She grabbed Meg’s shoulders, pulling her up, and made her lean against the closest wall. She chuckled a phone at Tony, and he grabbed it on instinct and raised an eyebrow. “She got a phone call from an unknown number, and I called it back, and all I heard was a recording of five words, on repeat, in a woman’s voice.” Tony looked at Mary, and they both looked down to the still Meg, eyes blank and staring straight ahead. “Last time I saw this lovely expression,-“
“Yeah, I kinda did, too,” Tony agreed with a nod. “Papa,” Tony ignored the look that Pepper gave him, “has never seen this place, so we have to show him all the cool stuff.”
True to his words, Tony had indeed told Bruce that more desserts would be needed. Steve found him in the kitchen down on the floor that everyone else was staying on. Or at least he thought everyone else was staying there.
'Because this time you're actually supposed to be in a relationship,' his inner voice supplied. Tony tossed a screw across the workshop as he worked, snorting softly to himself. Steve was on a mission, in another country. Mary and Coulson were on a date, even William and Rachel had plans, and Peter and Wade were spending the night down with Meg, no doubt playing video games.
Bucky stood in front of the couch, arms crossed over his chest. Peter and Wade were sitting by the coffee table, working on their homework, but they kept stealing glances at Bucky. Jamie was sitting on the floor, one of those learning toys that Steve wanted her to play with in front of her. Thankfully this one didn’t make noise.
"You're biased," Tony commented, turning the phone so that he could use both hands to tap something out. "I like when you're biased, means I get permission to spend this money." Steve hummed a little and continued watching the phone. "What do you think about Philadelphia? Well, just outside the city, too busy in the thick of it all."
Tony hummed, leaning his head back. “You probably could, for a little bit. What are you thinking?” His arm traveled up behind him to slide his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Mary’s got the kids tonight, so we could actually get some alone time in.”
"What do you think she meant by different?" Rhodey asked as he shot down the last drone. Something landed behind him with a thump, and he turned around quickly, only to be knocked to the side and tossed over the hill, slamming into the tree. Tony glanced over, long enough for Jarvis to take readings to show him that the main HUD was out on Rhodey's suit, and he would be dark. Tony would have to do this on his own then.
“If you put some clothes on,” Mary paused a little, and Steve could see her trying to get some pants on her little legs, “we can go see Papa.” There was a little gasp, and the soft sound of clothes hitting the ground. “Really? I knew you didn’t like socks, but now pants, too?” Mary snorted softly, almost fondly, and moved to the dresser to grab something else. She spied Steve standing there and raised an eyebrow. He put a finger to his lips and she rolled her eyes with a smile. “Alright, Mini Rogers,” she said back to Jamie. “How about we try a skirt? I know I’ve seen your Papa put you in one before.”
“You’re not the only one,” Steve said, then dropped a kiss on the side of Tony’s head. “Happy to be in the thick of it with you, though.” Tony hummed happily.
He could never really give up alcohol, not completely, but when Peter was around it was easier to forget how much (he thought) he craved it. It was hard to wipe out nearly Twenty years of habit, always being able to reach for a glass, have a drink or ten when he didn't want to think about something. Tony remembered, nearly a year ago, when Tony had brought Steve to his father's office at the mansion, how he wanted that drink even then, how he had been so close to taking a drink. And later when Steve told him, had firmly believed, that Tony would have started drinking again if he really had no control. How flying through a wormhole would have been the one thing to make him do it. Tony wished that had been true.
"Oh no, that would just be tacky." Tony snorted as Bruce went over to the computers to work with Jarvis.
“Shield had been infiltrated by Hydra,” Steve told them, giving a very small summary of what had actually happened. Dr Strange actually looked to have sputtered at the implication. “We’re close to finding it though. We have lists of their bases, and we are going through them systematically.”
"It was your father's idea to bring in Zola, to SHIELD. It would make it that much easier for Hydra to grow." Tony swallowed, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from charging at the man. He walked to the side of the lab and tapped on one of the vials holding a blue liquid. "We have your first test subject, and we're very positive about the outcome of this test." He felt Wanda's gaze from behind him, outside of the glass, and he was forced to get up from the chair to approach the container. Tony hoped that it would be another animal.
“Sorry,” Steve stuttered out between breaths, still laughing. “I just- You were so committed to the look! Full points, seriously.” He grinned, giggling, and leaned in to kiss Tony, tugging on his lip a little with his teeth. Jamie made a noise and pushed at their faces. Tony rolled his eyes and kissed Jamie’s nose. “Alright, alright, let’s go watch a movie before Peter hunts us down.”
"Fifty." The voice said, cutting Tony. "Fifty," he tried again when Tony didn't respond. Tony wriggled his nose and started to count backwards. He closed his eyes, and by the time that he got to single digits he realized that he could breathe again, that his chest didn't feel as tight.
"I'm not talking about him, that's old news." That got Fury's attention, making him look up from the tablet. "I want to see Coulson." Fury frowned. "I'm going to make the arrangements for his funeral, and-"
"Didn't you say that three cars were broken into last week?" Tony asked, putting the solder gun down, leaning back in his chair. There was a little bit of silence, and Tony smirked a little. "Peter will get his own room, that's right across the hall from you. It's not ostentatious, or anything. That's more my thing."
Tony made a motion with his hand for Jarvis, and he heard the call pick up on the speaker overhead. "Tony?"
Unbeta'd, and Marvel owns more of this than I do. Also, all music/movies/tv shows belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
The flash of the holographic screen caught Tony's attention and he looked up seeing the file pop up. Steve's mission looked low risk, mostly stealth. Nothing undercover, which was good, because Tony didn't think that Steve was ready for that yet. It looked like they shouldn't be expecting any trouble. It also looked like Steve was getting bored. He may have had a point when he noticed that Tony was spending more time in the workshop. There was always something to keep him busy over the summer, helping Peter with his art and science experiments, or rather being there as Steve gave Peter art lessons; helping Mary with her healing and then the wedding; working with Bruce before he went to his Doctors without borders, or whatever he did when he ran off. But now everyone was gone again.
"You're a good father." Tony's head whipped around to look at William. "You're a good man. Rachel is just upset."
"Because I feel lonely." Tony's words were so soft that Mary almost missed them. "Fuck." He got back up to his feet, keeping his back to Mary. She stood up, watching him, but didn't move. "This is what I didn't want!" He shouted, more aimed at himself. "I didn't want this, didn't want any confusion! Didn't want feelings getting involved." Tony growled a little and shook his head. "I need to keep things how they are, because I have it all worked out. I have plans set in place to keep people safe, and not pulled into any of my bullshit, at least more than they have, too. It works that way, it's always worked that way."
"And I love you, Peter," Tony said, pressing a kiss to the top of his head. "I'll never stop, and I'll never love you less. If anything, I'll only love you more and more." Peter snuggled into him and Tony wrapped his arms around his son.
"Sounds like fun," Steve said, checking the fridge to see what was to drink for Peter. He knew that he and Tony would just drink water. "The traveling I mean. I don't count the traveling I did in the war as recreational."
"Agent Parker has been moved to your mansion, Stark," Fury told him. "Your AI is monitoring her now" Tony hid his surprised, wondering why Jarvis hadn't told him. "Coulson had put the order through before you came aboard the Hellicarrier. We've given you this."
"That's not what Peter said he wanted last time I was over. He said that he didn't want to live with Manuel anymore." Tony flipped a piece back into the metal cylinder he was working on, watching everything move into place.
"Tony??" He turned quickly hearing Mary's whispered exclamation. She was standing there, keys in her hand, holding Peter in her other arm, the little boy asleep against her shoulder. Tony felt himself freeze, just taking them in, looking at Peter, at how he had grown even in just the three months that he was gone.
The boy looked up with wide eyes, hands shaking that were gripping a gun. He was breathing pretty fast, and Steve could spot nearly half a dozen spots that were going to blossom into dark bruises later over the bare skin he could see. Trails of blood sliding down from a cut above his eye, and a split lip. Steve gently set the shield down and crouched down to his knees. “It’s alright, Wade, I’m here.” He put his hand out, gently taking the gun from smaller hands before setting it down, then Wade was throwing himself into Steve’s arms. Steve held onto him tightly when felt the first sob work its way through Wade.
“Sorry, but you won’t be getting near my sister,” Pietro was talking to Bucky, who was still growling, and yelling at him to get out of his way. Bruce was trying to calm down Jamie, who was crying more with all the commotion. Steve crawled up the end of the bed to Tony, vaguely noticing that Wanda almost fell away from the genus, the red disappearing form her hands. Pietro took notice and he was by her side, arms around her to make sure she didn’t fall. Bucky started to move closer, and Stephen Strange was standing up, a hand to his temple.
"This is the friend that encourages your bad music habit?" Tony asked, not moving from Steve's arms, so they were forced to practically waddle to the back door.
"That's all Mary's work," Tony said shaking his head. "I showed up a few times a month, talked to the kid and played with him."
"We don't celebrate Boxing Day in this house," Tony pointed up towards the ceiling. "Don't you forget it."
Tony was paying for the picture, arranging for it to be sent to their room when Peter and Steve came out. Peter had the biggest grin on his face, and Steve’s face looked a little pale, hair disheveled. Tony grinned at them, Peter running over to hug Tony.
"Very good, baby," Mary said with calm excitement. "Okay, pick up the planets for me." Peter nodded as he looked up at the ceiling, searching. Steve could see his eyes were getting heavy as well. The boy was only able to point out two planets before he drifted off to sleep, Mary kissed his forehead.
"That's what makes you human," Steve said. "I'm really not perfect, despite what everyone says or think." Tony snorted a little. "I'm serious, I'm stubborn to the ends of the earth, and I never back down from a fight. I'm mouthy and I'm fiercely protective of those I care about, almost down to a dangerous level."
After some feeding, burping, and changing, Steve and Meg had the three babies asleep, (Steve having been prepared with the spare crib that Jamie had used before), and Tony had Peter tucked away in his bed. The four adults were back in the living room, with Jarvis on strict instruction to let them know before anyone got within five feet of their location. Little ears did not need to hear what they might be talking about.
"I have big plans for dancing, just give me thirty, thirty-five minutes." Steve chuckled a little over the phone, clearly trying to stay in character.
When he walked in Steve had his hands on his hips, looking at Tony with a very stern, but questioning, look. “What is this?” He gestured to the outfits that he had paid out on the bed while Steve was taking a shower. Jamie was happily cooing over her own little outfit on the bed. She was in a normal outfit, but had a little red cape on, Velcro around her shoulders just in case, and a red hat with a feather, much like the one in the movie
Just inside, Tony barely had time to prepare himself for an armful of Mary Parker. She didn't say anything, just hugged him, which sadly pulled him away from Steve. When she pulled back a little, looking him in the face, he gave her a little smile. "You need to stop disappearing."
“Who is it Dagmar?” He heard a woman’s voice float down from above and a moment later she appeared beside him, wisps of light hair peeking out of her night cap.
The first of March came and went. It was a somber day full of long stretches of silence and unprompted tears over the smallest of things. Artur was tired of their usual fare and wanted pastry for breakfast. Natacha stubbed her toe carrying the bath water from the fireplace upstairs to the loft and Sara cried when she kicked the iron pot and cursed. Tony knew better than to point it out, but he’d seen Natacha’s eyes get misty as she’d cleaned up the spill while Tony comforted her younger sister.
Stefen had been nothing but attentive since his one disastrous attempt to hold Tony at arm’s length, he reminded himself staunchly, trying to cast off the black mood that had settled over him. And Stefen agreed fervently with Tony that it was a foolish experiment best never repeated. Charlotte was a trinket. What small, petty, sort of creature could find it within himself to be jealous that she held Stefen’s hand when he had held that and a scandalous lot more?
But, as it turned out, eight years old was old enough to know that one needed a relatively equal amount of shirts and trousers in ones luggage, but young enough to forget the importance of underthings, and it was best just to assume that the nuances between day clothes and Sunday clothes were completely lost.
Magda squinted in the direction that her little sister Ona had disappeared in. She’d sent Ona to her chores a half hour ago, but the girl was dawdling as usual. Such a lazy girl, Magda thought absently to herself. And sixteen now too! She ought to know how to behave like a woman grown. The chickens scattered around Magda’s feet, clucking appreciatively as she sprinkled a little extra of their feed. Magda and Ona’s mother held the belief that if you gave just a little more, the hens would repay it in kind. Both their parents were in town, selling the fresh eggs, and one of the goat kids newly weaned. She hoisted her basket higher and wiped the crumbs from the chicken feed on her skirt.
While Tony didn’t doubt Stefen’s sincerity it was impossible also not to note that admired or not, he’d still had Weiss tilling his soil beds.
“She’ll either grow up to be a princess or a singer now for sure,” Tony whispered breath warm in his ear and Stefen bit back a grin.
“Tomorrow I – ” he began but Tony caught him mid-sentence, one hand on his back the other sliding down his chest as he pushed, until Steve had no choice but to lay on his back once more.
"Studying." The boy snapped, taking a vicious bite off the end of his fork. Tony suppressed a sigh. Stefen couldn't just let it go, could he?
Tony came messily all over the sheets and even managed to get some of it on his own front, but he couldn’t care about it or anything else as he slumped over, trying to remember how to breathe. His arms strained, protesting being made to hold even more of his weight and Tony groaned, gathering himself for one last push, swinging his leg up and over and flopping onto his back beside Stefen on the bed.
Standing still might keep him safe true enough. But as Tony sat mentally turning pages of books long ago etched into memory, considering and considering, he had taken a deep breath and come to a certainty. He was not made for standing still.
Tony kissed him with urgency, walking backward into the room and gratified when Stefen followed, sinking his weight into the kiss with the same sense of urgency that Tony felt. As soon as they were past the threshold Tony tore his mouth away and reached past the captain to shove the door closed.
One time, a new book had arrived a few days after father had left on a campaign. Ian remembered that Mama had opened it with him and there had been a little note inside that had said: Here’s a friend so you won’t miss me. Practice hard. When I get back I’ll need someone to read me to sleep.
Stefen was gone for long hours each day, and when he was home he was locked within his study – the militant Captain that Tony had met at the start of summer had returned in full force. That morning he’d gone to some gathering with the Baroness and had left no word when he’d be back.
The finality in his voice was sobering, reminding Tony of all his reservations. Something was happening here. But what?
“How long? You're not happy you're serving the Reichland? When so many would love to hold the privileges that you do.”
“You should see it,” the General chuckled. “Little Hans squeaking, trying to find any way to outwit the cat, the cat playing with him until he leaps for the finale pounce.”
"But there's nothing wrong with singing! Can't you talk to father?" The child pouted up at Tony. "He listens to you."
“Tony!” Pain shot up Tony’s leg and he realized there were hands clenching his shoulder tightly, shaking him, a low voice barking urgently in his ears. Bruce. And the pain was on account of Clint kicking him hard in the shin.
“Why the police captain, he has been assassinated. Didn’t you hear the broadcast?”  Steve nearly fell over, his eyebrows climbing up into his hat as the man went on. “It happened just after sunset, right in the square. One minute he was standing and the next, dead, shot in the chest. What is the world coming to?”
"I’m sure they’ve just gone to bed early," he consoled, patting Péter on the back encouragingly, and by unspoken agreement they picked up the pace, hurrying down the road to reach home.
Steve frowned darkly but found he didn't have much to combat that with. Though he wasn't always comfortable with it, people trusted him. They believed that when he said something was right or good that it must be true.
“Very well then. Captain Rogers, you told me once how much you love Austria, and I admired you for that, but you’ve left me no choice but to conclude that you must love your country more than you love your own children. And for that I say you are a fool.”
She heard Frau Hogan ask the doctor what he was giving father. A sedative and morphine for the pain. She didn’t understand why Frau Hogan seemed so distrustful of the doctor, or why she tried to stop him with a lie that father was allergic to morphine. Natacha wanted to burst out of the wardrobe and scream at her to stop, to let the doctor help ease his pain – couldn’t she see what horrible pain her vati was in?
Well, he kept telling himself throughout the long train ride. It was good practice for them all because he’d only have to do it again in a few weeks time when he met the captain in Berlin. A far happier reason to be making the trek into Germany.
Tony followed the captain into the house study, a generic if well-appointed little room that had none of the subtle touches of personality that Stefen’s private study back at the villa had. His heart was beating in anticipation of finally having a moment alone and getting answers to the millions of questions screaming in his head, but when Stefen closed the door behind him he quickly moved away, putting the desk between Tony and himself.
The silence stretched between them as Natacha contemplated the plan, her brow furrowing slightly in the center. Her knitting needles seemed to clink together faster the deeper she thought and Péter fought the urge to smile.
A/N. Thoughts? Predictions? Death threats, lol?  We love you guys and will see you soon on Part II. If you have a moment we ask that you R & R.  Not gonna lie, we'd finish anyway (too emotionally invested) but it's awesome to hear your thoughts and responses to the characters and their decisions, and waters our spirits on those tougher writer days.
“That's not what I mean, Stefen, and you know it. You have a meeting.”  Yes. Drinks in the private parlor with the Führer and just a few others. She pushed again on his chest and he snapped at her.
The sled turned, and then tilted sliding at an angle in a spray of white before turning over completely and dumping Ian over the side. He’d tumbled a few more feet, rolling and sliding down down down, until he finally stopped. Right at the edge of the ridge.
Happy Holidays! We tried so very hard to get this out in time for Christmas but oh well. It will just have to be a belated new years present. A little warning, the derailed train that is Steve Rogers life is far from back on track, but in the eye of the storm calm can be deceiving. Bucky unfortunately seems to be the only one who fully grasps this and he's 100% done. He's got 99 problems and Steve Rogers is 98 of them. Go easy on him. His head hurts.
The wife wouldn’t hear of him returning any of the linens or the pot of soup. Out here where it was so remote, neighbors had to depend on each other in times of crisis. As soon as it was heated to her satisfaction and covered for travel Dagmar helped Tony and Ian load his sled up for travel and asked once more about giving them a ride. Tony begged off, claiming to have left his truck at the foot of their trail and thanked them kindly for their other offerings.
“Come now, I would you take my hand, Captain.” The prince demanded and Steve did, feeling a bit as if he were in a daze. This was unheard of. For all that Steve was something of a celebrity he was still just a common soldier from Leopoldstad. He might be paraded around royalty like a favorite toy but he was far from it and for the prince to shake his hand… he felt and embarrassing heat creep up his neck and the prince’s smile was knowing as he shook Steve’s hand with vigor.
“The coldest.” Tony agreed with a warm laugh, reaching up to squeeze Steve’s wrist. His expression sobered as he spoke Steve’s name softly and Steve’s gut twisted, afraid that he might be having second thoughts about what they’d done.
“Prudent.” It came to him suddenly and the word just popped out. Natacha looked confused but she waited for him to explain. Tony licked dry lips and jumped to explain.
Bucky had found Steve after the great war was over. When Bucky had been released from their unit, he’d been determined to find Steve in one of the stationed hospitals. They’d met up and banded together just like always. Only this time there where pieces of themselves missing. They’d been like a china piece, shaken and glued back together until nothing was where it was supposed to be anymore. Together, however, it had not seemed so terrible. Together they had managed to be a whole person.
For a time, things settled into a quiet routine and remained good. But James’ cough lingered, and Tony became worried. James still ticked the days off on the wall every day, so Tony knew it was nearing the end of the month.  He made good on his promise to show the children how to make a medicinal tea from fresh pine needles that wouldn’t be too harsh on his throat when swallowed.
Tony arched an eyebrow and didn’t reply, because it wasn’t any of his damn business what Janneke Van Dyne was or wasn’t and he knew for a fact that wasn’t what this woman had come over to say.
“Maria.” Her head snapped up and she blinked at him, halfway through a piece of soggy bread, startled.
“My father is home,” he reminded him and Harry nodded glancing back at the house, moonlight reflecting off the lake bathing his pale cheeks.
"Did he now?" Tony asked as Maria clamped onto his side. Tony picked her up wordlessly, looking toward her father who suspiciously couldn't seem to meet Tony's eyes just then. "Well I imagine that Uncle Bucky didn't want Herr Rabbit to be in any more pain than he already was."
Tony looked at each of them, reassuring Ian and James with his gaze before locking eyes with Péter and nodding his head toward the window. Natacha would be waiting for a signal.
“When the show came to Salzburg I took Peggy. It was before we were married. I guess I was trying to impress her.”
“You start us off.” Péter heard Natacha saying as the trio exited the room. He wanted to follow them, even though he knew Natacha would say she could take care of herself. Even though it made his stomach feel all tied up in knots Péter thought that he could shoot someone if they tried to hurt his younger sisters and brother. If it meant stopping someone from hurting any of his family, he could shoot. He could.
Dvorak. Not exactly someone Bucky wanted to place his trust in. He was certainly no rebel, and no friend of theirs. And with only three people knowing the route, Dvorak would be exposing himself in a way it would be near impossible to bounce back from. If there was one thing Dvorak did best, it was look out for his own skin.
“Here you go Tony. Lucky you came when you did. We’re near out.” She said. Tony nodded distractedly, more interested in downing Stefen’s best beer than holding conversation.
He needed to get the children somewhere truly safe and out of the reach of the Reich. Switzerland was close. Anticipate. But it was too close, and they’d be penniless refuges relying on the mercy of strangers. The children had family there, but Stefen seemed adamant that their relations were strained and even if they could be convinced to take the children in that it wouldn’t be in their best interest. They certainly wouldn’t agree to keep Tony on. He didn’t care so much about finding his own way; but the thought of leaving the children in the hands of cold relations who wouldn’t give them time or the affection they’d so desperately need after everything losing their parents... It was as abhorrent to him as abandoning them altogether.
