“Sherlock, I think my cock is going to burst at the seams if it gets any bigger,” John half-joked. “Have a little mercy on a bloke, hmm?”
Laughter splurted from John’s lips as he cleaned up his husband. “Yeah. Yeah, I think it is. That was a noble thing you did, Sherlock.”
I have always abhored the Dark Side. No discipline, no morals, just a lot of people trying to take over the universe and not knowing what to do with it once they did. That sort of behavior annoys me no end.”
“To which I can readily attest,” came the snarky retort. “All he had to do was ask me. It would have saved him tons of trouble.”
“I guess we should get more…exercise while we’re here, since it seems to do your appetite a world of good,” John noted.
The young agent who had accompanied Agent Doyle on the first visit walked up beside him and stated, “
“No problem,” Sherlock rumbled in his deep baritone. “I’ve had worse.” He lifted his hand to the back of his head. “Still have a bit of a headache, though. Thank God for the rug and the wood floor.”
Lestrade slapped John on the back and said, “You don’t have to, John, that’s the best part! You two are soulmates, haven’t you figured that out yet? You will always find each other again, throughout eternity.”
. Nice try, though.” Still kneeling over his fallen opponent, he turned to face Sherlock,. “So, now you cooperate, eh?”
John laughed in a self-deprecatory manner. “’Nobility’. Nothing noble about it, Sherlock. I’m a survivor, that’s all. I’m too stupid to roll over and die.”
“Taking a page from my husband’s manual,” John chuckled. His face was soft as he said, “Sometimes… I’m afraid to say what I’m really feeling, like if I can keep it at bay, it won’t hurt so much when…”
Sherlock’s hips shot forward at the same time an involuntary cry escaped his lips as a jolt of pure pleasure shot up his body. He tightened around John’s fingers and heard him whisper, “Jesus God, you’re tight!” before he said, “Sorry, love. That was your prostate. I’ll be a bit more gentle next time.”
Sherlock smiled enigmatically. His seatmate didn’t like it for some reason and struck him in the face with the pistol butt at short quarters. “I don’t like you,” he said, with an unpleasant growl. “I don’t like your
was the night John had discovered that Sherlock was the hands-down, no-holds-barred champion sleep snuggler of all time.
“DNA tests don’t lie,” Sherlock admitted, sounding totally defeated. “The baby was David’s. Mary had cheated on John
The riding crop came down again, this time harder. Sherlock’s back arched in agony but he refused to scream. That’s what she wanted, to hear him scream, to make him beg for mercy—twice. But, apart from that first strike to his genitals, Sherlock had refused to cooperate.
Both John’s hands went up in good-natured surrender. “I give up! You’re right, as always, Sherlock!”
This rocked Sherlock back on his heels. This small child who stared so wisely over the top of the tub had just nailed him to the wall. His normally lightning-fast brain sputtered and died on the spot.
“No!” Sherlock grabbed his wrist as his eyes met John’s. “I...just need a moment, John. To adjust to the difference in...approach.”
“Always knew how to make an exit,” Mycroft stated, admiringly. He then turned his attention back to Sherlock and, without any real urgency, called out, “Stop them. They are getting away. Oh, dearie me...”
“Have you been in contact with an Agent Doyle in Florida, Mrs. Hudson?” John asked blandly, followed by a sip of tea. Sherlock’s eyes snapped down to stare at his husband intently.
Sirens had aroused Sherlock from his after-dinner reverie. Without a word between them, Sherlock and John slipped on their respective coats and trotted down the way to where multiple panda cars sat with their lights strobing. Crowds were already beginning to gather, jostling each other for a better view.
become a couple. I don’t think the general public is ready for a front-page photo of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson ‘getting it on’ at a crime scene.”
“Jhawn,” he slurred, his eyelids still at half-mast. John raised the hand he clutched and pressed it to his lips before returning his lover’s smile.
Once again, John held up his hand, indicating he would handle the situation. His smile had gone from menacing to deadly. Even some of his supporters fell back when they saw it. Most just smiled and nodded. They had heard of this little hedgehog’s ability to deal with people like Whitey and they were glad to have a front row seat.
Tears burst from John’s blue eyes as he suddenly sobbed, releasing all the anger and fear and self-hatred he had been carrying around with him all night. Sherlock wrapped his arms around his husband’s waist, laid his head in his lap, and let John double over and cry into his back, his arms squeezing Sherlock’s ribs so tightly that the detective finally had to beg for breath.
would be the one to provide stability, to make him happy, to give him a new lease on life. Instead, you’re bringing back
! What the hell happened in here?” Before either man could respond, they heard, “Hello, dispatch, send me an ambulance immediately to the Savoy, Penthouse”
I became so angry with myself that I took a thoughtless, though completely intentional, swing at a cup poised precipitously on the edge of a table. I fully expected to move right through it, simply using it as the target of my anger.
answer, then I would say that I would want you to...fuck me.” He pinned John with the intensity of his eyes.
can’t access, Mycroft. Your people are good for some things but, sometimes, it’s good to have friends in low places.”
Rosie cut him off. “I overheard him telling Mrs. Hudson the other day that he’s been so bored at work that he’s been taking long lunches and walks in the park,” she stated, crossing her arms in vexation. “He doesn’t
Sherlock responded, shrugging ever so slightly. His gaze sharpened once he saw John’s perplexed expression. “Qu'est-ce qu'il y a, Jean? Y a-t-il quelque chose entre mes dents?”
Sergei would return, from time to time, sometimes turning on the light, sometimes not, all to keep them disoriented. He would offer the phone, which Sherlock would refuse, with predictable results. John seemed to get the bulk of the ‘encouragement’ when the lights were on, while Sherlock got them when the lights were off.
A single nod of a dark head. “Yes. For a short while. However, once I saw that you were able to...handle yourself, even in your inebriated state, I figured you didn’t require a guardian angel.”
It took a lot of energy to use the device, since it utilized very low levels of energy. Higher levels are more malleable. My mind shot back to the conversation with Uncle Rudy. On the other side, all I’d had to do was think and Uncle Rudy knew exactly what I was saying. Telepathy doesn’t flow so smoothly in this dimension. I would have to choose my words carefully.
“THEY TRIED TO DROWN YOU, SHERLOCK!” John protested. The Security guard just looked nonplussed by the whole affair.
“The Savoy. Took ‘im in th’ back way, all the way up ta th’ pent’ouse. We was paid by a tall lady. Dark ‘air, real pretty. Smelled good, too. Paid us in cash.”
Once the storm had passed, John sat up and ran his fingers through his husband’s hair. “You’re amazing, you know that?”
When he finally spoke, his words were carefully measured but his tone was menacing. “John, what is this all about?” When John opened his mouth and attempted to speak, Sherlock imperiously cut him off with a chop of his hand. “I saw what you were doing, John. You were looking at
“So, now, Mary, David, and the baby are on the run, you’re barely walking yourself, and John is in a coma,” Mycroft summed up. “What are you planning on doing, Sherlock? Another hare-brained scheme to catch Moriarty’s agents who caused the accident? Considering the circumstances, I would advise against it.”
Finally, Sherlock unfolded his long limbs from his low chair and, walking quietly over to the twin doors into the hallway, closed them both with a barely-audible >click<. John paused for a second or two, his eyes shifting to where he knew Sherlock must be standing without quite making it there. Then he resumed dishing out food onto two plates.
, I could be a rich man and get back everything I lost! And you will help me do it!” He patted Sherlock on the face twice before slapping him, hard. Sherlock’s left ear was ringing like churchbells as Sergei left.
who have led sheltered lives. Anyway,” he continued, matter-of-factly, “I was actually shopping for some underwear just like the ones
“Expand upon that, John,” he said, softly. John blinked in surprise. He had never heard Mycroft’s voice sound quite like
Silence. Then, “Not for long. Life would be meaningless for me without him.” His voice was emotionless, edged in pain.
except my hearing. Hearing is always the last sense to go and the first one to return. It’s a passive sense, in that it works whether you want it to or not, which was why I was secretly privy to this intriguing brotherly exchange.
“Arterial blood, too much. May have bisected the brachial artery,” he gritted out. “So much for our nice, quiet little honeymoon in Florida, eh?”
“Is this what it’s come to, John?” Sherlock asked, his voice dead quiet. He watched the interplay of emotions on John’s face—anger, fear, shame, the sudden realization of what he was about to do—and watched his eyes drop.
“That’s what I was afraid of,” Sherlock admitted. “I was afraid that you would be offended and leave, taking Rosie with you. I couldn’t bear to lose both of you. Better to remain silent and live with the status quo than to be rejected by the person I would lay down my life for.”
same thing. Sherlock’s body language suddenly changed. He straightened up and stood on one hip, his head canted provocatively.
“Daddy, that was rude!” a muffled voice came through the door. Sherlock sighed, turned, and descended the stairs without obvious emotion. Inside, however, he was
Silence. Sherlock was trying to contain himself, regain his composure before speaking. When he finally did, his voice was subdued. “Women.” It almost sounded like a question rather than a response.
Jerking his head toward the big front windows, Sherlock said, “Those windows can be frightening during a thunderstorm. My bedroom had blackout curtains and is more insulated from both light and sound. She might sleep better there.”
“Do you know,” John asked, between kisses, “how crazy it drove me…when you kissed Janine? When you proposed to her?”
Sherlock raised his head, looked up into his husband’s face, and said, with a weary but impish smile, “Just don’t say I’m perfect, okay?”
here! Just ask a question and the answer is provided!” He grinned, waving a hand at me. “Go on, do it!”
She smiled. “Maybe so, but you’d be surprised what the application of a little unconditional love and caring can do for emotional trauma. I mean, you told me that he said he knew you’d come for him. That’s a whole lot of trust right there. I think that if anyone can get through to him, it’s you.”
Inside the car, Sherlock silently studied the two men who had just kidnapped him. One was driving erratically while the other held a gun to his head. “Don’t try anything funny,” the man next to him said, threateningly.
“Well, Wiggins called ‘anonymously’ about where to pick up Whitey James—by the way, you didn’t have a hand in what happened to him, by any chance, did you?” Silence. “No? I didn’t think so and, no, I don’t want to hear the whole story. While he was at it, he ‘just happened to mention’ that you were coming here to confront the kidnapper and rescue Sherlock. You know, you
Sherlock loved this little girl as if she were his own. She was, after all, John’s daughter, and was, therefore, more precious than gold to him. She even looked like him, with that broad smile and pug nose and those huge blue eyes. There was some of Mary there as well, but he dismissed that. She was John’s child, not the child of an assassin who had plotted with Moriarty to take John’s life from him, burning Sherlock’s heart out in the process. No, she was “Princess Rosamund”, queen of all she surveyed and, right now, she was carefully surveying Sherlock’s expression.
them, so they scouted the house and saw a strange man coming and going. Sometimes he had blood on his shirt. They went to tell
There was a loud explosion and a splatter of red. I jerked back into the here-and-now, shaking like a leaf. “NO! John...I
was about sex and control, without emotional connection.” She stopped and bestowed an affectionate smile upon John. “However, I don’t think she figured
!” I didn’t panic, no longer having the physical mechanism to do so , but a sense of complete and utter urgency overtook me. I grabbed my uncle by his shoulders and pleaded with him. “Uncle Rudy, I
Looking at John over the top of his mug, Sherlock smiled in a self-deprecating manner. “My self-esteem would be nice.”
Once inside, it was considerably more temperate than the blazing heat outside. All the brightly-colored, dancing children made John smile, but Sherlock grumbled under his breath until John slipped a hand into his lap and began a subtle massage…
“Fucking bastard! Tried to shoot…Get him, Bry!” The driver yelled, trying to climb over the front seat to join in the fight. Sherlock fought like a tiger, even biting the man’s wrist to get him to relinquish the gun. Brian screamed in pain as his brother grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s luxurious hair and pulled…
“I recall Myron Hudson. He was my landlady’s husband. Nasty brute. I sent him to jail once, in London, and he returned the favor by sending some of his underlings after me. Mrs. Hudson saved my life that day. I swore I would protect her from him at all costs, so I followed him, and his sons, here, where we found him holed up in some sleazy hotel, but his sons were nowhere to be found. Later, body parts began to turn up in the Everglades. It was believed that they belonged to the Hudson boys, but, now, it seems, the results of the tests had probably been manipulated to give us a false impression.”
John watched him leave, then turned back to Sherlock with a grin. “He must think I’ve lost the plot, marrying you,” he chuckled. “Little does he know…”
“Not taunting, Sherlock. Just a bit of teasing,” John chuckled as he pulled away from the counter and, after walking around the table, bent over to bestow a kiss amidst the rumpled brown curls atop Sherlock’s head. A slender hand reached up and curled around John’s neck, keeping him there.
The phone thumped as Sherlock lay it down heavily on the bedside table. John rolled over and opened one eye. “What did Lestrade want?”
Several nights in a row, I whispered into Mrs. Hudson’s ear while she slept that, maybe, she should leave 221B to John when she died, since she had no near kin and considered John to be like a son to her. It wasn’t a big sell by me; she was actually very receptive. John was astonished when, one day, Mrs. Hudson presented him with a copy of her will, in which she left the building, including the business property, to him. She also left him a small fortune that she had squirreled away when she had been married to a drug czar.  Still, I was please to have helped them both resolve a knotty problem on both their parts.
Agent Doyle nodded. “Of course, Mr. Holmes,” he said, softly. “I understand. We’ll keep her out of this, as long as she’s not involved in any criminal action…”
John spun, almost faster than could be followed, and punched Sherlock square in the face, right below his eye, causing him to reel backward and trip over a chair. Then John was on him, grabbing his collar and slamming his head against the carpeted floor…
John faces his first case without Sherlock's help. Or, does he? The Spectral Detective is on hand, just in case...
Mycroft shrugged and released his hand. The officer fell to his knees, gasping for air. No one moved to help him.
John’s face lit up. “Ohhh! Well, I believe the motor centers are all intact, since all reflexes tested positive upon admission. Can you move your arms and legs for me?”
Rocking back on his heels, Sherlock stared down at his small informant in surprise. John had been telling him about how busy his practice has been lately that he couldn’t get away.
I stuck around, too, of course, not wanting to venture into the afterlife without my blogger, best friend, and love interest. I discovered, interestingly enough, that love transcended the death of the physical body. While I used to lust after John in the material, I now realized how much more I appreciated John’s mental, emotional, and spiritual qualities without the physical getting in the way. John was, in my opinion, an admirable being deserving of everything good that could come his way. And I was determined to make that happen for him.
Sherlock chuckled. “No, I’ve waited too long for the spoils of war, and I’m not about to sell them off for a pittance. I need to wear you out first.”
John’s hands shot out, landing flat on Sherlock’s chest and shoving him backwards onto the bed. “No ‘or’, you smug little twat,” he growled, as he launched himself onto the bed on top of Sherlock. “I owe you some serious payback for all the worry I’ve had to endure because of you!”
“Helped get convicted of murder? Yes, I remember. However, he’s long gone, so how does this all fit in together?” Sherlock responded.
“Moriarty,” Darth Mycroft replied, both of them leaving out the honorifics gained when they joined their relative sides of the Force. Their relationship had preceded their choices by years, hence the familiarity.
“Sounds like it,” Sherlock drawled. He looked around the cavernous room, full of the ship’s detritus. “We have to get out of here.”
John dropped the case on Sherlock’s table and sat down in his own chair. He sat primly, uncomfortably, with his hands in his lap, like an errant child.
Sherlock was stunned. Here, he thought that Rosie was too young to notice such things, only to suddenly realize that this small package of humanity was brighter than he could have possibly imagined. Part of that might have been attributable to Mary’s keen intellect, but it also made him realize how much of this was John’s influence. He always seemed to underestimate John, just as he obviously had underestimated Rosie.
“That you didn’t want to date me,” Sherlock said, his normally-pleasant baritone bearing the sharp edge of a samurai sword. “You didn’t have to lie.”
A mechanical sigh emanated from the helmet as Sherlock was led away. “Always trouble, that one,” he muttered, to no one in particular.
“Oh, holy fuck, babe,” John sighed, reverently. He grasped a handful of bum on either side, obviously resisting the urge to plunge deeper. “How’s that for you, love?” he growled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes out loud. “Oh, for God’s sake, the girl was bleeding profusely from the shoulder. What did you think it was, a poisoned dart? A supersonic arrow? The Spear of Longinus? Really, Agent Doyle, you are barking up the wrong tree here. Go see if the girl has any frustrated exes or traitorous friends. I have nothing for you.” He turned and walked back into the suite to rejoin John. ”By the way, if you pass an abandoned dinner on a cart, it’s probably ours. Do send it up, won’t you?”
changed. John still maintained his own room, while Sherlock kept his old quarters downstairs. Sherlock had offered the room to John and Rosie, but John wouldn’t have it. John’s bedroom upstairs was actually larger and afforded more room for both of them. Sherlock reluctantly agreed, concerned for Rosie’s safety, but John was satisfied with the arrangements, so Sherlock let it pass.
“Are you here for Sherlock?” Mycroft asked. “I know you have tried to turn him to the Light Side before, but he is
. Now, tell me what happened downstairs. I heard gunfire. And help me untie Sherlock. God only knows how long he’s been restrained.”
“Smart…arse…god, you’re so tight! Oh, baby…faster…yeah, like that…yeah…oh, yeah, love, like that, like that…
“Arse,” John jibed, fondly. He sat down in his favorite chair, the one which allowed him to observe both the beauty of the Great Outdoors
John, almost casually, pulled his Sig Sauer from the waistband of his pants and examined it, right in front of Whitey’s face. The laughter died in his throat when he saw the weapon, all clean and shiny and obviously well-cared-for. John ejected the magazine, checking that it was full, before slamming it back home into the handle.
“Yeah, well, turns out the victim was also undergoing a nasty divorce, according to his sister, who was contacted at home. Turns out, his wife had been cheating on him with, of all things, an army sharpshooter. There’s a possibility that that this might have been an accidental double-tap by both of them on the husband,” Lestrade finished. He and John exchanged bewildered glances before he pointed at John.
He waved to me as I felt myself gently drawn back into the tunnel of light and deposited into the parlor at 221B Baker Street with a headful of questions. It was dark. The curtains were drawn, cutting off the light from the street lamps outside. There was absolutely no sound inside. Even the street was unoccupied. It was eerie and far too quiet.
Agent Doyle held up the recorder. “You were just going to drop him off for an alligator buffet, that’s all. Just your style.”
John pulled back, his mouth opening and closing like a fish. Finally, he was able to say, “Why would
, Daddy! Papa loves you and you don’t take him out with you!” she declared. “You leave with some lady and it makes Papa sad!” Rosie sniffled a little, then continued, “Sometimes he cries when you’re gone. He pretends it’s something silly, like dust or something, but he doesn’t do it any other time except when you’re gone!” She lifted her chin, as if defying anyone to contradict her.
long time. He had just physically threatened the man he loved more than his own life because he couldn’t
” both men said in unison. As she settled back down, Sherlock continued. “I will not allow you to become your father. You haven’t yet, and I don’t believe you will, but I will protect Rosie with my life, do you understand?”
“That little tart stole me wallet!” he yelled, then regaled them with tales of what he was going to do to her when he caught her. His words amounted to nothing, however, when another, even larger man came up behind him and clocked him over the head with a metal pipe. The pipe emitted a melodious sound as it impacted the guy’s skull, sending him to the cobblestones below.
Sherlock came first, probably because of his three-way personal bacchanale. Cock up his arse, hand pulling him off, mouth sucking his nipples...too much, too fast, too
Mycroft’s eyes were riveted on the duo in the room. John was gently stroking Sherlock’s face and hair and speaking to him in a quiet but encouraging voice. “Yes,” Mycroft agreed, “my brother without sufficient command of the language would be a terrible thing indeed.” He couldn’t resist a snicker at the thought of a perpetually-silent Sherlock.
enjoying the view of his completely-naked husband standing within an arm’s length of him. He was sorely tempted to reach out and pluck the luscious fruit dangling in front of his face, but mightily restrained himself. Sometimes, it’s best
“John, who…ah, Agent Doyle. I would say it’s a pleasure to see you again but then I could be accused of perjury,” a pleasant, baritone voice came from behind John, who turned quickly to see Sherlock, fully covered by the silk robe that he, himself, had bought for Sherlock
As the paramedics piled into the room and set up their equipment, John found Sherlock’s nearly-numb hand and squeezed it. “Can you feel that?”
…” By now, all three fingers had been inserted to their limit, John’s asshole clenched around them. He was taking deeper breaths now, trying to bring himself back to coherence. “Now, I want you to turn your fingers so that your palm is up, bend them slightly and withdraw slowly. Feel for a lump or thickening—that’s my prostate. You know what it feels like when I touch yours…”
Turning back to face Mycroft, John screwed up his face and said, “Huh? Is this another one of your bloody puzzles, Mycroft?”
John eyed Sherlock’s abductor coldly. “No. No, it isn’t. Actually, it belongs to a friend of mine, a Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I’m sure you’re familiar with him, aren’t you, Whitey?”
“Bath time, Unca Sherla!” she had burbled, jumping up and down and smearing more mud than was necessary. She knew how fastidious he was, so he
Finally, one typically cloudy day, Lestrade showed up on their doorstep, requesting that they attend a new crime scene. Even before John could mention it, Lestrade put up a hand and said, “We already have arranged for an interpreter to be on site. A good one; I know how fast Sherlock can talk.”
see—one of the most enticing erections he’d seen in a long time was awaiting his further scrutiny. Without a second thought, John found himself on his knees, lips wrapped around that noble staff, sucking Sherlock’s intellect out of his brain and into his mouth as the detective moaned and pleaded and pulled John’s hair until he decorated the back of John’s throat like a Jackson Pollack painting.
“Fuck me, yes. Incredibly hard and incredibly fast. I want you to fuck me right through the mattress and into the floor.”
Just then, the thin bobbling sound of an ambulance siren became audible, growing louder by the second. “About fucking time,” Lestrade groused. “Sherlock, how are you holding out? You need a blanket?”
John nodded as he said, “Yeah, you might say that. Sherlock is in a right state downstairs on the parlor floor, saying he’s a failure and a disgrace because he misread the evidence, and THEN he saw the headlines...”
again without that nagging pressure behind my eyes, the dragging pain from the tumor pulling on the meninges as my brain swelled within the unyielding confines of my cranium! It’s as if I was experiencing the world in a whole new way, not just as I had pre-tumor. It was
“John!” Sherlock’s voice was stronger now but full of worry. “What happened? Are you hurt? Please tell me you’re not hurt!”
Sherlock opened his legs welcomingly and slid his arms around John’s waist, snagging one butt cheek with each hand. “About my so-called ‘beauty’. I am not beautiful, John. My face is far too odd to be considered beautiful by modern standards.”
Sherlock nodded and winced. “So I’ve been told,” he replied, wiping the blood from his face. “But it was the only way to draw them out. They
The deep, mellifluous voice gently insinuated itself into my brain like a summer breeze. It was warm, concerned, even...
The smug smirk on John’s face hadn’t faded yet because, at long last, he and Sherlock had been honest and upfront with each others about their “relationship” and how so much miscommunication had led to some totally-unnecessary dramatics over the years. Sherlock had been so soft, so tender, so...
Sherlock’s face transitioned from angry to petulant in under half a minute. A slight pout pursed his full lips into even
“You’ve got your own,” John hissed at him. Sherlock shrugged and observed, “Yours always seem to taste better.” Agent Doyle mouthed “
I looked down. Before me, on the couch, lay my inert body, now a mere untenanted shell, lying in silence forever. John still sat there, cradling it to his chest, sobbing unconsolably. His sorrow was palpable; I tried to pat his shoulder, to comfort him, but my hand passed
For one of the few times in his life, Sherlock was speechless. Eyes closed, mouth open, he reveled in the sensation of having the man he adored inside of him. He wiggled his hips a bit to explore the sensation…
As they approached the restaurant’s huge front window, they could see a small, light-haired child sitting in a booster seat waving at them. Angelo was standing behind her, waving as well. They broke into a run, dashing across a still-busy street, almost getting hit by cross traffic in the process. As they burst through the restaurant’s glass door, they found one Rosamund Mary Watson, aka Rosie, aka Fleur, sitting in a booster seat in the front bench seat of the eatery, a big grin on her face. In front of her sat a huge bowl of gelato that had just been delivered to her by the proprietor, Angelo. She grinned widely as she shoveled the frozen treat into her mouth.
The tall, lean form of Sherlock Holmes, wrapped in his usual belstaff longcoat, stepped out into the stark lighting around his brother and husband, hands in pockets. He looked down upon them both, head cocked to one side in appraisal. “Thank you for finding him for me, Mycroft,” he said, his voice ever-so-soft. “I...wasn’t thinking clearly.”
With a scream of pure, unadulterated rage, John jumped on Sergei’s back, punching him in the kidneys even as he held on with an arm around Sergei’s neck. His hands were bloody claws, but John fought like a cougar, pulling Sergei backwards off of Sherlock, who took a moment to register this sudden change in his fortunes.
His face cradled in John’s hands, Sherlock received kiss upon kiss, each one becoming more heated and more passionate until, finally, John broke off and, nodding toward the bedroom door, said, “You want to?”
She smiled uncertainly. “That’s very true, dear. I lived my life with a lot of evil people, and I made a lot of mistakes, but, thanks to you two, some of them have been…
bad, and considering all the lemon juice that’s been pouring out of your mouth since we got here…” John wheedled.
man is Sergei Ivanesco, head torturer of Moriarty’s Serbian branch. He and I became quite chummy a while back. I was only able to escape by palming the key during one of his torture sessions and telling him that his wife was cheating on him back home, which she
John sighed to himself and closed the paper before folding it neatly on the arm of his chair and levering himself out of it. After the day he’d had, all he’d wanted to do was sit down and spend a quiet evening with his favorite person in the whole world. Instead, he uncovered the not-so-elusive Snitmonster lurking in his parlor. He ambled over to the couch to peer down at Sherlock, who hastily buried his face into the pillow and hunched his shoulders even more deeply to shield himself from any outside intrusion.
me. I’m out of here.” He had grabbed his jacket from a nearby chair and stalked out of the trashed office and into the clear wintry air, allowing its chill to cool his flashing temper. “Bloody idiot,” he muttered as he strode past his own shuttered former office and toward 221B Baker St.
Uncharacteristically, Mycroft extended a hand and patted John on the shoulder solicitously, a faint look of dismay tainting his usually bland expression. “This is
While John's out trying to find Sherlock, he's left to face Irene's wrath, alone and defenseless. Surviving may not be the least of his troubles.
“No! Get to the ship! We all go, or none of us goes!” John reiterated, his eyes rolling of their own accord.
He was led before a tall figure, dressed all in black armor, wearing a polished black helmet and a full-coverage breathing mask, which augmented the sound of his labored breathing. The two stood, toe to toe, eyeing each other. Finally, Sherlock spoke.
John shook his head as he put his hands up in a forestalling motion. “Wait…wait a minute! What did I do?”
If I had had a physical face, it would have gone hot in embarrassment. I opened my mouth but nothing came out. My uncle, the cross-dresser, was telling
Drawing himself up to his full imperious height, Mycroft donned his best impassive expression. “No need to worry about
—how difficult this was for him. John’s eyes were closed, an arm thrown across his face, and he was deliberately taking deep breaths to relax his sphincter, just as he had taught Sherlock his first time.
, he thought, knowing that Sherlock would deliberately put commonly-used items up on a higher shelf just so John would have to ask him for help, thereby allowing Sherlock to guiltlessly touch or rub up against John. While Sherlock
“You will only talk to him to ask him questions, and if I don’t like the answers, I will take it out on one of you.
“John, please,” Sherlock said, calmly, as he presented the guard with a card. “If you will call this gentleman and identify us, I’m sure he can put this all into perspective and our expulsion from the park will be unnecessary.”
“Yeah, I can tell. Lestrade here. Listen, have you been getting involved in anything I should know about?”
“I know,” John said softly, his heart hurting so badly for this man that he loved so dearly. “I’m here, Sherlock. I’m going to help you through this. You don’t have to do it alone.” He scooted behind Sherlock without touching him and kissed the back of his head through his hair. “I love you, you beautiful, otherworldly creature.” He felt his fingers being squeezed in reply.
To his surprise, he didn’t receive a death-glare in response. Sherlock simply took a bigger bite and chewed lifelessly. He repeated this action again and, after some urging, extracted one hand from his cocoon to hold the slice and feed himself. He seemed to show a bit more life after the first slice, even seeking out a second for himself.
were. He was using it to frighten them, making fear the unknown work in his favor. Poor John; so much in the dark...
Lestrade patted him on the back again and replied, “Of course, John. Not a problem. I’m sure I can fly this by the Commissioner. He always enjoyed having Sherlock solve a case, as long as the department could take the credit!” He stopped, suddenly, then, in a lower voice, said, “I’m sorry, John. I know it’s only been a short time...”
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John on the forehead. “I won’t have to, John. You’re a better man than your know.”
Shaking his head, John retorted, “No. You are depressed and I am your doctor and I will treat you as I see fit.”
clothed. No, his state of dress was never a concern to him, but his obvious state of bondage was. What “criminal mastermind” would actually bother disrobing him before interrogating or killing him?
,” he waved his hand between the two of them, “if you can’t help me find a way to help my friend? The man I love? The most important person in my fucking life? Why am I even here when I could be home with him?
Their eyes met across the distance and John smiled behind his glass. Sherlock, on the other hand, lowered his and said, “I seem to recall being here once before. You had offered me a date, which never happened. Will this be a repeat, or…?”
“Why have we been seated so far from everyone else?” Sherlock continued. “And why are we the only table with flowers?”
Well, there had been. Just as he and Mary were about to embark upon a new life together, guess who shows up in a ridiculous disguise, acting as if nothing had happened. Sherlock Holmes, the most clueless detective in England. But, this time, he hadn’t thrown Mary aside. No, this time would be different; this time, it was Sherlock who took a back seat to his girlfriend.
“Yes, I know.” Sherlock’s deep baritone was too soft, stripped of its life. “I’m not who I was, and I don’t know how to get back there. It’s not that I don’t want to, it’s just,” he shrugged, “I can’t seem to find the way, John.”
The shadow that was Sergei moved toward Sherlock and a hand with a vise-like grip latched on to Sherlock’s lower jaw, lifting him onto his toes. “No talking!” he ordered, his breath worse than that of the decaying corpse in the corner.
John kept vigil at Sherlock’s bedside, sleeping fitfully in a convalescent chair in a corner to stay out of the way of the nurses. One ear and one eye were always open, waiting for a single word or movement from the bed. He often started when someone came into the room until Mycroft put an end to the constant stream of people. “Dr. Watson is perfectly capable of keeping tabs on my brother,” he stated, his tone uncompromising. “I have complete and utter confidence in his abilities.”
John reached out and laid a hand on her arm. “Mrs. Hudson, would you be so good as to make some of your cucumber sandwiches? And, by any chance, do you have any biscuits lying about?”
Sherlock caught John’s eye from where he stood with the interpreter and smiled, nodding in acknowledgment. John’s mouth twisted unpleasantly as he turned away and pretended to consult his notes.
“Bugger it,” he muttered as he kept walking toward what, he hoped, was the high street. It seemed better lit and had more traffic than the street he was currently on, which seemed rather industrial. The night had gotten significantly cooler than it had been when he’d left 221B. Now he was regretting not taking a heavier jacket with him.
John smirked. “Nope. Took ‘em out before I entered the suite. Clip was in my pocket. I knew how dangerous, how
“If you’re done trying to be the ‘big, strong, hero’ type that my brother obviously adores, perhaps you will take a moment to hear me out,” Mycroft stated, tapping the cement floor with his umbrella impatiently. “Don’t think that, because I leave the legwork to Sherlock, that I am incapable of defending myself against your puerile temper tantrums.”
“God, you can be such a fucking arsehole sometimes.” John was laughing loud now. “Sherlock, if it were up to me, I’d drag you out of this bed, make you get dressed, and call Lestrade to let him know you’re available again. Before that, however, I’d fuck the living shit out of you.”
tight, and if Sherlock had not known better, he would have thought it impossible for his cock to fit through it. He pushed in half-way and was rewarded with a contraction and another moan.
, it says, “Spoke with Agent Doyle. Glad you could help him solve his case. Mrs. Hudson says, and I quote, ‘Burn the bloody bastards.’”
Sherlock sat on the couch, his arms resting on his spread knees, fingers interlaced, thinking. Would John leave for good, or was this just a temper tantrum? He wasn’t sure, and not knowing was something Sherlock Holmes detested above
Sherlock slid over toward the bedside table, opened the drawer and fished around in it, finally withdrawing his hand with a triumphant, “Aha!” It made John laugh to see how pleased Sherlock was that he’d found it so quickly. “Now what?”
“Then Magnussen very nearly succeeded in sealing my death warrant,” Sherlock continued. “He wanted to control Mary but ended up also controlling me.” A pause. “Or, so he thought.
She rumpled her nose. “That’s not the same. Mrs. Hudson takes care of you like a mum. I mean young ladies.” She paused. “Like the ones Daddy dates.”
Headquarters had sent the best. A young soldier, tall, blond, and strapping. Sherlock’s head snapped around when uniformed young man ducked under the crime scene tape. His eyes widened and John fancied he could
“’Even a pawn can take a king’. Yeah, I know. That’s part of my value to you; everyone underestimates me. You said so yourself.”
“Of course. You are what he worries about the most. It’s his job as a daddy,” Sherlock reassured her.
There were no words to describe it. The first day that John saw Sherlock back in a suit was one of the best days of his life. True, he was still a little underweight, so the tailored suit was a tad loose, but, all in all, he looked killer. All day long, John couldn’t wipe the stupid grin off his face.
A slow smile stole over Sherlock’s lips as he felt John’s body stiffen in anger, but he reached back and slapped John’s arse to quiet him before saying, “Thank you! So glad you approved. By the way, is that the same girlfriend as a couple of nights before, the pretty brunette?
, save Mrs. Hudson, to see Sherlock in his less-than-optimal condition, something for which Sherlock was extremely grateful.
“This,” Sherlock admitted, “is very relaxing. Not that I could survive the tedium for long, unless you still want to go to Disney World or Universal Studios…”
He released the headboard with one hand and ran his fingers through John’s short, graying hair. “Now what?”
Anthea’s face became unusually stern. “Not after you’ve left his little brother an emotional wreck. You’ve got some explaining to do to your husband,
As John bustled about the kitchen, the bedroom door creaked open and a sheet-clad figure shambled out, moving painfully. It yawned mightily before its bright silver eyes lit upon its flatmate and its mouth twisted disapprovingly.
they followed in their father’s footsteps and became a menace to decent society. After that, they became
a good omen.” There was a rattling of chains. “Yeah, there are chains, too. Both wrists, over my head. You?”
Sherlock tried to open his eyes but couldn’t. His eyelids felt like they weighed 10 stone. Besides that, he could feel that something had been wrapped around his eyes rather tightly. There were also traces of a sweet smell that he couldn’t quite place yet due to a pounding headache that was blurring his reasoning processes. He was way too groggy to remember what had happened precisely and Sherlock was, if anything, precise. There were too many things he didn’t know and he
“Yeah, not so much now that you’ve met ‘what’s-his-name’,” John groused as he turned to finally look at Sherlock, whose face was, for once, on a level with his own. “What exactly
John caught the headline and froze. It read, in big letters, “Fishmonger killer caught by NSY.” In a sub-headline, it read, “Hatman fails to solve case!” He gasped involuntarily, causing Sherlock to look in his direction. John brushed the paper off the table, but not before Sherlock had caught the headlines with those all-seeing quicksilver eyes.
“Yeah, you limey prick! She threw me out and ripped up all my clothes! At least give me a towel to wear while I punch out your lights!” the muffled voice said.
Sherlock ducked behind John, who covered him with blaster fire up the hallway. “Not a moron. Genius. High-functioning sociopath, to be honest. So, I would have no problem with dumping you down this chute, head-first, if you piss me off, fly boy.” He pulled a large grating off the wall and took a sniff. “Not pleasant, but better than where we are now. Come on!” he yelled as he went into the unnamed chute, feet-first.
“John, look out! That’s glass!” I yelled, uselessly, as my best friend trod upon the remnants of the recent target of my anger. He yelped in pain and, surprise, hopped backward onto his uninjured foot as he pronated his bloody foot to see what had happened. Then, he looked down uncomprehendingly at the shattered glass where it lay on the linoleum, speckled with his blood. He looked around in confusion, then hobbled into the bathroom to treat his wounds. Fortunately, they weren’t deep or severe, just a few splinters of glass to be removed. He washed and bandaged his wounds and retreated to the bedroom to put on a pair of slippers for better protection against the rest of the pieces.
Agent Doyle smiled. “And I’m still Agent Doyle, but it’s been an honor working with you, Mr… Sherlock.”
, sir,” John quipped. He was pleased to see Sherlock laugh again. It made him feel that, perhaps, normality could piece itself back together again at some point.
“Yes, only to have someone else snatch him away from me just as I realized it,” Sherlock snorted in derision. “Mary moved fast. She
wanted to, but John suspected his sudden outburst had made Sherlock think twice about following him. Not because he was afraid; rather, because he knew John needed the alone time to decompress.
“Seems he’s working for a couple of brothers, late-20’s, early-30’s, who just recently put together a drug syndicate based on one that had existed here before and had been run by their father.”
221B Baker Street was quiet as the grave. Of course, one could always hear the street life outside the drafty windows, but the flat itself used to be bustling with life. There used to be well-palmed newspapers sitting next to freshly-used coffee mugs and crumb-laden dishes, photos and newspaper clippings stuck to the mirror over the fireplace, and the sound of classical violin music. Now there was drab silence. No life stirred within these walls anymore. The life had been extinguished with the light in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Whoa, whoa,” John interrupted. “Let’s back up here, Sherlock. Just because I’m bi doesn’t mean I’m constantly ‘on the prowl’ for a new ‘conquest’ of either sex. You and I are together
Sherlock grinned. “…me, in our bedroom, right now!” he finished, grabbing John by the wrist and dragging him out of his chair and in the direction of their bedroom. “I’ve been thinking about a lot of things I would like to say to you in there…now that I
John stared at the screen, chin in hand, for a moment before jolting upright and rushing over to the kitchen table where the case file lay strewn about. He pored over the papers before turning to the photos. One, in particular, caught his eye.
His face registered skeptical surprise. “If that’s the case, then why were you involved in a shooting down at the pool earlier today?”
Sherlock nodded and, after carefully extracting himself from the padded chair, limped into the back bedroom. A voice drifted out through the partially-closed door. “An ice pack would be nice, too!”
Another sip. Then, “Obviously not long enough to have worked out all of our issues.” His eyes dropped to his mug again.
Sherlock shrugged. “Very well.” He closed his hand and tossed the vials to John, one by one, over his shoulder. “There. Happy now?”
Sherlock made an exaggerated show of rolling his eyes, like “Give me a break!”, before applying the lube to his fingers and working it around. “Done. Next?” His sharp eyes fairly glittered with anticipation.
The taller man slid his arms around his smaller compatriot and pressed their lips together ardently. Not one to shrink from a challenge, John also wrapped
sucks it!” He laughed at his crude joke while the shabbily-dressed men standing around him looked like they would very much like to mess him up badly for insulting their sometimes-benefactor. John held up his hand, staying their retribution until he could get some answers.
Sherlock grumbled to himself and rededicated his attention to the menu. After a few minutes, the server approached with a pot of hot coffee and a cup of tea for Sherlock. “Ta,” John said, then, after the server gave him a quizzical look, amended it to, “Thank you.” The server smiled and nodded before leaving.
A little more sing-songy, as if being playful, but, at the same time, that concern still lingered in the background. It
After adjusting his glasses in thought, the doctor stated, “Unknown. It will depend upon whether the damage is reversible or not, and whether or not it extends to other areas. As I said before, we are dissolving the hematomas as quickly as possible to re-establish a viable blood supply, but if the brain has already been starved of oxygen, or if new bleeds occur, then…” He spread his hands helplessly.
The agent stared after the lanky detective and, after a “can you believe this guy?” head shake, he made his way out of the room and down the hall. A few minutes later, a food cart arrived. “Courtesy of Agent Doyle,” the officer who delivered it said.
Sergei finally pulled away and pulled Sherlock’s trouser fasteners loose before grabbing him by the hips and swinging him around again. Facing the wall, Sherlock could feel his trousers and pants being pulled down below his arse just before a massive rod of hot flesh began thrusting between his thighs from behind, the head pushing into his bollocks. The grunts intensified.
John’s glare shut him up. Sherlock retreated behind his book, but not before giving a warning glance to Rosie.
“Drove his oldest child away because of his violence and hatred of her so-called ‘lifestyle’. She is now a divorced alcoholic under treatment with the NHS. He, then, attempted to ‘beat the gay’ out of his youngest child, causing said child to accept admittance to the first medical program that would accept him.”
. Watson.” John couldn’t help but notice the way she said “Dr. Watson”—liquid nitrogen was warmer than her voice. “I’ll give you some free advice, which I don’t usually do.
“Just a couple of guys who wanted in on the game,” the driver said. “They were easy to dispose of in the swamp. Gators loved them.” He laughed. “They’re going to love you, too, Mr. Big Detective.”
“You’re back,” he said in a lifeless voice. “What did the head-shrinker have to say? Did she encourage you to commit me yet?”
The two rose, and John led Sherlock by the hand into the bedroom. Once there, bits and pieces of clothing and costume were hastily removed and either draped or thrown over various nearby pieces of furniture while kissing and groping proceeded unabated. John was completely defrocked first, which was
There was the sound of scurrying in the room as a body hit the side of the bed and something warm grabbed my hand. Another something landed on my forehead, brushing my hair back.
looked at other men the same way he looked at John, and it made John feel 6 feet tall. After they had chosen two chairs together for their towels, they both sat in the shallow end of the pool, where there were seating ledges in the shade.
Two heads swung around to behold a very sleepy Rosie watching them from heavily-lidded eyes. “Papa wants you to kiss him, Daddy. He told me so.”
“It’s s-starting to c-come b-back to l-life.” He squeezed back weakly, barely a twitch, and said, softly, “Knew you’d c-come.”
A door opened, somewhere in the back of the flat, and out strode one John Watson, looking very pleased with himself indeed. He sauntered over to the sink and filled the kettle, his plan to make enough tea for himself and his flatmate, who had still not emerged for hibernation. He hummed to himself as he worked, reaching up to grab a couple of mugs that his tall flatmate had graciously placed on a shelf almost out of John’s reach, just so he could come over and fetch them for him. John never quite understood why until, one day, he realized that this was Sherlock’s excuse to rub up against him “innocently”. That was the day they had sat down and had a long conversation, resulting in the activities of last night.
fades away over time.” He cocked his head at me in that familiar way and continued, “We watch over our families and friends in different ways. Rather than inserting ourselves into their lives directly, we work ‘behind the scenes’, as it were. We help things to move in certain directions, help those still in corporeal bodies to fulfill their spiritual contracts so that they can grow as souls...”
“Obviously, someone was trying to kill Sherlock, or, at least, scare him away, because of something he
“Well, I think I’ve got you opened up enough now, so...come here, you gorgeous beast,” John said as he set his hands on Sherlock’s hips and manipulated him into position over his cock. There was a bead of precum shining there already. “Just let me position myself here...Do you feel that?”
dance forms, but between the costumes and the relative ease of movement involved in belly dance, I thought I would give it a try.” His smile broadened as John tried to re-adjust himself without being obvious about it. “I thought it might be a nice...
For not the first time in his life, Sherlock felt like a complete idiot. He rarely took note of the behaviors of the female of the species unless it related to a case, and yet this little girl had spotted it clearly.
grateful that you had taken care of that business with Myron, after what he had done to my boys…” she straightened up in the chair, “Imagine my surprise when I suddenly started receiving money, wired to my bank account, the same way Myron had done it. I knew, then…I
John thought a moment, then said, “Whatever you like, Billy. Frankly, I don’t care what you do ‘cause I won’t be here. Then call Lieutenant Lestrade—anonymously, of course--to pick up what’s left. Mention the kidnapping and get the name of his pal. It’s all going to hit the fan anyway when I get a hold of that bitch.”
“Nevermind, Agent Doyle. If you never ran into him, all the better for you. Is there some way that you could leak word to ‘the boys’ that I have sussed out their identities and have proof of their illegal dealings?
“Do as you will,” Sherlock shrugged again, his ears straining for any sound indicative of John’s current status. There was none. “All you will do is inconvenience me, as I’ll have to find another partner as dim as this one. Intelligence needs an audience, you know, and John was
Doyle huffed laughter. “Son, you don’t know the half of it. And work on that poker-face some more. You may not believe this, but
The other small hand attempted to lift Sherlock out of his lap, without success, but the intention of it finally made its way through into Sherlock’s sex-sodden brain. He released his own cock to John’s attentive mercies and grasped the top of the headboard again, using it to help him raise and lower himself on his knees, pumping John’s erection into and out of himself, as fast and as deep as possible.
the time or place, John,” Sherlock growled, his arousal level already affecting his vocal quality. “We’ve only
“Say it.” Sherlock resettled himself on John’s cock and began rocking back and forth again, faster this time, and with more pressure. John’s color shot up as his mouth dropped open. Gently massaging hands on his bum became more insistent, grasping handfuls of plump flesh… “SAY IT.”
John, on the other hand, was, as per his usual habit, awake and already showered and half-dressed. He wandered over to pick up the smallish envelope that had been discretely slid under the door, addressed to both of them.
Still scowling, Sherlock leaned close to John’s ear and said, “Et devrions-nous avoir un traducteur dans notre chambre aussi, Jean? Ne serait-ce pas un peu ... étrange? Pour ne pas dire intrusif .”
John was busy typing up his notes, comfortably ensconced in his time-worn old chair when Sherlock bounded up the stairs. He whipped off his coat and hung it on the back of the parlor door as usual, then turned to face John, a broad smile lighting up his gorgeous face.
A smirk. “Again, he touches upon it, then walks away. Interesting.” Mycroft checked his impeccable manicure. “The denial is
“Too many people around. We have to lure ‘the boys’ out into the open. Wouldn’t do to have any innocent casualties like that young woman at the pool, would it?” Sherlock’s head swiveled around, surveying the surrounding dunes and marsh grass.
John started slightly before realizing who had spoken. Then, he looked closely to see a set of shadowed silver eyes staring at him from the pillow.
John stirred, his hand splaying flat against Sherlock’s chest. “Hmmhm? Sherlock?” he responded, groggily. He raised himself on one elbow and smiled up at his friend. “How you doing?”
“What?” Sherlock asked. I could feel him lean in to hear my words better. I summoned up the energy and repeated, “Don’...go...wi’out...me.”
was it. John launched himself at Mycroft, who made no move to stop him. Instead, he steadied himself against John’s attack, his eyes meeting John’s with a glint of steel.
“Not at all! I still have some cleaning up to do in the back. You three can sit out here and eat. You have the place all to yourselves!” he gushed, winking at the little girl, who giggled, spilling gelato on her robe in the process.
I knocked book from a high shelf with a crash. Lestrade didn’t even bother to approach it. “And you, too, Sherlock!” he yelled back as he descended the stairs in a less-than-graceful rush, so keen was he on his escape.
Ella leaned the end of her pen against her lower lip and regarded him thoughtfully. “You’re frustrated.”
An officer ran into Lestrade’s office breathlessly. “Inspector Lestrade, we’ve just had a suspicious hit-and-run called in! They’re asking for you!”
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied, with a bit of a chuckle in his voice. “I’m well aware of that already.”
Once his cock had stopped pulsing, he felt John roll them both sideways, onto Sherlock’s back. There, John took over, pounding into Sherlock’s arse like a man demented, cursing and groaning. “Gonna fuck you, baby, fuck your arse, come deep inside you, fill you up til you can’t take any more...”
into the equation. She threatened him that you would leave once he was of no more use to you, not even realizing that you have his back—you always have. You can help him recover by giving him back the control she denied him. Where she tried to break him down, you can help build him back up. She wounded him with hate, so you can heal him with love.”
Silvery eyes widened in surprise as the impact of John’s words sank in. “Je parle français? Maintenant? Comment?”
Sherlock laconically held up his phone for John to see. On it was displayed an image of Della, sitting almost on top of John, kissing him, with one hand underneath the table in a spot that required no imagination whatsoever. John wilted. Shit…
on the spot. He grabbed the top of the headboard in a death grip. “Oh, God, John...” He thrust into each stroke, head bent down, eyes watching, as John caressed his bollocks with his other hand. “Fuck,” he whispered, reverently. John smiled in satisfaction as he brought Sherlock to full extension.
Sherlock held up the phone again. “Her name is Della. She is rather well-known at the pubs. She chooses her mark, makes her move, takes advantage of his emotional  and/or sexual state, then rolls him for his wallet. Since you still are in possession of your money and credit cards, you did not succumb to her wiles.” He dropped his hand, and the phone, into his lap.
room had been thoroughly trashed by a mindless rage. Sheets were pulled off the bed, clothing half-pulled from drawers, everything scattered everywhere it had no reason to be. John’s anger and frustration had boiled over at some point and taken control of his rational mind.
But Sherlock couldn’t hear him anymore. What little conscious mind he had left was busily cataloging all the various sensations associated with being fucked by a cherished lover with a huge dick. His grasp on the headboard over John’s head almost cracked the wood as he leaned back, trying to impale himself even farther. He could feel John’s head lean in and a warm, clever tongue teasing his nipples to the hardness of pencil erasers. He had never realized before that there was such a direct connection between his nipples and his cock, which decided it wanted to get in on the fun, too. It was bigger than it had
Sherlock shrugged. “’May old acquaintance be forgot…’ Hmmph, if only.” He turned and walked back into the bedroom, shedding his robe as he went. As usual, the sight caused an involuntary twitch in John’s nether regions, seeing that svelte body sashaying to the bed with no hint of body consciousness whatsoever. He laid down on his side on the bed and gestured seductively. “Come here, husband, I have need of you.”
here. Time, you see, is a construct of the third dimension, where the physical manifestation of Earth resides. After all, if
Shaking his head in disbelief, John continued, “Honest to God, Greg. I could...I could feel him, inside me, controlling my body, and all I could do was watch. He was stronger than I was, angry...” He clutched at Lestrade’s coat desperately, his knees becoming spongy.
John sighed gustily. “Sorry, sorry...God, I keep having to say I’m sorry for hitting you, Sherlock. It isn’t what I want to do, it just...explodes from inside me, you know?” Sherlock nodded sagely. “And then I’m left to pick up the pieces of my fucking temper...”
“No.” I was adamant. “You go...I go.” I cracked open an eye just as his mouth opened to rebut me. I finally knew how to shut him up.
“John, don’t let her get away! John!” Sherlock called out, his voice cracking with stress, a tinge of hysteria just noticeable around the edges. “Stop her!”
Now, that’s a conceit. Perfection; it doesn’t exist. It’s something that’s imposed upon you. Humans aren’t perfect, can’t be perfect and be human. Sherlock is perfect, and, yet, he’s not. He’s perfect for me without ever asking me to be perfect for him. Therefore, I want to be perfect for him, which makes me resent him for me wanting to be perfect, which I can’t be and he doesn’t want me to be. Then I get angry at him and we argue. I say things that hurt him because I’m hurting because I can’t be perfect for him. Then he forgives me for hurting him, which makes me realize how perfect and wonderful he is and I want to be perfect for him again. And then I resent him, again! God, how does this crazy cycle end?
John and Sherlock had, indeed, been able to surmount the language problem in the bedroom with remarkable ease. The rest of the time, their communications consisted either of texting, if it was important, or charades, if it was not. John also spent time brushing up on his French, which was
different tone from the way in which he had been talking with them. There was a lot of “oh” and “ah” and “I see” and “you’re fucking shitting me” before the guard returned to the room and handed the card back to Sherlock, who pocketed it. “Well, uh, sirs, uh, turns out the, uh, FBI agent’s story bears out your own. So, uh, I spoke with the management and they, uh, hope you enjoy the rest of your day with us here at Disney World and here is a week’s pass to all our rides and attractions, and please don’t sue us.”
Angelo bustled out, refused to charge them for the meal, and even produced a warm, wet cloth to wipe off Rosie’s chocolate-covered face and robe.
There came a point where logical thought was no longer possible. What replaced it was raw need, desire, a drive for fulfillment. Their bodies heaved together, Sherlock sometimes lifting both of them off the bed for a second or two in his passionate pursuit of stimulation, of completion. John bore down on him, using leverage to provide the maximum contact and movement of their cocks together. Words were forgotten; all that remained were mindless, guttural sounds of pleasure beyond reckoning as they came together, each one spewing forth their seed onto the other as their hands clutched at and sank into their partner’s skin. John swore and Sherlock moaned as their bodies spasmed and shook together, gradually fading away as the gripping pleasure abated. until they lay motionless in post-coital bliss. John melted atop Sherlock, whose arms and legs fell to the mattress limply.
“What, you didn’t think I was going to stay a dumpy old lady til my next incarnation, did you, John?” the voice came back.
John nodded. “Yeah, I know a couple of good men who could probably deal with Sherlock. They’ve worked in battle zones, so they’re used to being shot at.”
Things were getting unpleasant. John and Sherlock were only unlocked, one at a time, to allow them to toilet themselves in a pail in the corner, which only increased the repugnant smell in the room. Combine
Lestrade looked stunned. “The officer you accused of stealing...they found evidence from the dead man’s pocket right where you said it would be! ID, credit cards, keys...the lot. He admitted he had a gambling problem and that his life was falling apart...”
“And this change,” John asked, scratching his head as he tried to wrap his brain around this explanation. “Is it…is it permanent? Or is there a chance he’ll return to normal, physically
affectionately. Then he turned and looked Sherlock up and down, smiling. “I’ll leave you like this as a reminder of what I can do to you whenever I want. Cooperate, and I will consider letting you and your friend leave without further damage.” He strolled confidently out of the room, leaving the light on.
“Evening, Sherlock. John,” he said, dipping his head slightly in recognition. “May I ask what brings you two out here? This isn’t really your style, is it? I mean, we know who the
After taking a bath together (with warm water this time) and getting their limbs quite mixed up in each others, the two retired to the bedroom where, after several hours of activity, the following conversation could be heard outside the hotel door, if anyone cared to listen:
“Shit! Call for an ambulance!” John yelled and he scrambled out of the pool and to the young woman’s side. A quick evaluation of the wound and John called it a possible gunshot wound, through-and-through. He applied pressure to the entry and exit wounds simultaneously but the blood kept coming.
“Yes, I know. That’s why I carry Narcan with me at all times. If I hadn’t, you would have overdosed and died, right in front of your precious John.”
. He missed the sounds that Sherlock made when they kissed; soft, quick moans in the back of his throat as their lips played over each other, the heartfelt sighs when they finally broke apart, and that deep, reverberating purr of a voice murmuring “I love you, John. Take me to bed. I’m yours.”
Sherlock quirked a smile before saying, “I think I need to figure out how I’m going to communicate my message to Mycroft...”
“No, this is getting tedious. None of these attempts have succeeded in injuring either one of us. Either our would-be assassin is a complete and utter moron, or we’re being warned away from something.” He gestured to the server. “Please take this vase
A notion struck him, suddenly. He leaned down and asked, “Did you say there was a new detective at the Yard?’
“Worry can have that affect upon a person, baby brother. That’s why I have so little time for it,” Mycroft replied as he rose to his feet and stepped back. “Perhaps you would like to take your husband home now? Please, use my car,” he said, with a sweep of his hand.
“He was drummed out of the army because he attacked and shot a superior officer ‘by accident’, although there were reports that he was a discipline problem throughout his stay in the military. Dishonorably discharged
I must have stiffened in outrage because Uncle Rudy stated, “In a good way, lad. We’re all rather proud of you here. You’ve made
“So I don’t hurt him again later,” John responded, raising his head. Tears made wandering tracks down his broad face. “My God, Mycroft, I’ve hurt him
John took a deep breath and sighed it back out. “She tried. I have to admit, I was tempted. She was very  pretty, had beautiful hair...”
And, yet, once Mary was disgraced and dead, he had gone against his own history of bad judgments and married Sherlock Holmes, the Consulting Detective (the Only One in the World, for God’s sake), the perfect friend, the loving husband, the long-suffering flatmate, the perfect, the beautiful, the brilliant…
Sherlock smiled softly. “Liar. You deserve everything good in life, and I’m here to make sure you get it.”
“No, we’re not, are we?” John taunted. “Never mention the black sheep of the family. It might make the rest of you more
the reason I’m in here in the first place! Can’t decide which side of the Force he wants to be on! Schizophrenic nutball.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied, strangely touched by the compliment. He stepped over to John and knelt before him. Looking into his slate blue eyes, Sherlock admitted, “I...did have another motive for learning this. Besides loving to dance, that is.”
“You told Mrs. Hudson about your ‘pickle’. What ‘pickle’ was that, exactly, John?” Sherlock asked as he moved to a position beside John, placing one hand on the table and the other on the back of John’s chair. His face hovered near John’s. John had stopped chewing. “Dill, gherkin, bread-and-butter…?”
. So he turned to face his irate husband with a steadying breath and, what he hoped would be, a placating smile.
Sherlock felt the vibration of John’s suppressed laughter through his back, also covered in scars but long since healed. “What?” he snapped.
I thanked him and turned to leave when a sudden thought occurred to me. Something John and I had discussed not so very long ago, while discussing life and death. I asked, over my shoulder, “Uncle Rudy, is there a Hell? A Devil who counters God?”
She stomped her foot again. Sherlock sat back in his chair and raised his book again, eyes still fixed on the tiny force of nature standing between their chairs, as if wary of what was to come.
Sherlock’s eyes dropped as he sipped his tea. “No, I’m not sure I’m ready for that yet. I still feel very… vulnerable. Like all my armor has been stripped away.”
He shimmied down farther until found John’s bollocks, firm and already drawing upward. A quick lick to one sent another chill up the man as Sherlock gently mouthed, then sucked in, one of John’s balls while bobbling the other one in a long-fingered hand. One long finger reached behind and pressed up into the flesh just between the sac and John’s entrance.
“I think I would have preferred to go out for breakfast, John. The service here is incredibly slow,” Sherlock observed, acidly, as he perused his menu.
“Trashed,” Sherlock intoned grimly. He looked up at John, liquid silver eyes evaluating all visual cues, even as he spoke. “I…had no further need of them.” His nose crinkled in puzzlement, an expression John usually found endearing. Now, however, he was too annoyed to notice.
“NO.” Emphatically. “They don’t trust authority. They trust the government and the secret services even less. They trust me because I have ‘street cred’ with them. I was
The two of them sat, their faces only a hands-breadth away, both of them breathing hard. Sherlock’s face was still rumpled in anger, while John merely stared him down, waiting for the storm to pass. Part of him wanted to break out into laughter from the ludicrousness of the situation. Sherlock knew he couldn’t best John in a tussle, for all of his extra 4 inches of height. John gazed calmly into his friend’s eyes and said, softly, “Are you done with your snit fit yet? Or shall we have a
Whitey frowned, trying to look innocent and failing spectacularly. “Naw, I don’t know nobody by that name
“Oh, John…God…you feel so…fantastic…ohhh…faster, love, please…” Sherlock’s voice was breathy and deep, the vibration of it through his chest and into John’s just enhanced John’s erection in every way imaginable. John changed his movement from rocking to thrusting, pressing his pubic bone down on Sherlock’s heaving cock. Sherlock moaned deeper, thrusting upward into John’s groin, desperate to increase contact and friction.
There was dead silence as Lestrade stepped forward and took me/John by the shoulders, shaking me/him gently. “John! Good Lord, man, what…?”
Ella sighed. “All right, tell me what’s going on with him. What sort of behaviors is he engaging in?”
the burgeoning erection under Sherlock’s belstaff coat. John could appreciate why, but it didn’t make it any easier to watch as his new lover react so…
John’s grin dropped away, his expression turning to dismay. “Jesus, Sherlock, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean…”
“Have you now, Sergei?” Sherlock quipped, his guard up immediately. “I would say it is a pleasure to see you, but I
! The riding crop connected and this time Sherlock did scream—it was wrenched from his soul by the sudden onslaught of blows against his rigid cock. It didn’t take long for it to flag but not before Irene had gotten off a few good whacks to it. Sherlock lay there gasping, sobbing in indescribable pain, involuntarily-shed tears soaking through the blindfold.
Sherlock had already solved two cases in record time, both from the sanctuary of his living room, but now he felt strong enough, confident enough to journey down to NSY, as long as John accompanied him. And that, of course, was never an issue.
. Directed energy can effect a change in the environment, and I had directed all my anger at that glass. I looked down at my hand in wonder and a slow grin came over my face.
John finally moved, his eyes looking away in guilt. He dropped his hand on top of Sherlock’s and patted it self-consciously. “No, Sherlock, this is nothing
him, immaterial as I was. I jerked back in surprise, having realized that the ‘self’ that I was currently experiencing was my physical body
He cast his mind back. He had broken up with Sarah in Australia, after they had had sex and he, unknowingly, had called her Sherlock when he came. She hadn’t much appreciated that. “The One with the Spots”, as Sherlock had called her (God, he couldn’t even remember her name now), got tired of him dropping her off at home whenever Sherlock had called him for a case, and “The One with the Nose” (Shirley? Sherry? Charlotte? Shit…) disliked Sherlock so much she refused to come around to 221B at all (much to Sherlock’s delight), so they always met for a date somewhere else, where she would spend all the time they weren’t fucking complaining about his flatmate and his rudeness. John had finally decided that the one he could do without was Nose-lady and had ended the relationship. And, finally, Jeanette, who had, in reality, just been a physical stand-in for Sherlock, and someone he had totally ignored whenever Sherlock was around. She had been the one who had pointed out his unfortunate predilection toward “making her (and, by extension, all the others) compete with Sherlock Holmes”. She had also pointed out what a great boyfriend he was—to Sherlock. Between that, and Irene’s observation about John and Sherlock being a couple, John’s entire worldview had been suddenly turned upside down.
something I had ever expected to hear from Sherlock in this lifetime. I mean, I admire him, I respect him, I like him as a person, I would follow him to the ends of the earth, if he asked me…
“Where’s Rosie? Is she with you?” she asked. “I brought her some milk and cookies but she isn’t in her bed.” She hefted the plate as she spoke.
when it comes to evil doings. Mother keeps trying to bring him to the Dark Side, but he just nods and says, “Yes, dear,” like he always does, and goes back to his gardening. Quite hopeless, I’m afraid.” He snorted through his mask. “Rather like you, in that respect.”
“Stop it!” Rosie yelled, stomping her bunny-slippered foot. “I call him Papa because he takes care of me and loves me just like you do, Daddy. He
Mrs. Hudson smiled. “Yes, dear, I very much believe he did. He asked about you, and I mentioned that you and your new husband were going on honeymoon in Florida…”
?” Sherlock finished, his voice steely. His eyes were steely, too, as they looked down at their beloved landlady.
She smiled. “Not really. Sometimes we have to find our answers anywhere we can. So, what role does Sherlock occupy during these times? Who initiates; who suggests trying new things?”
“With everything in the status quo! It’s fine if I take care of your daughter while you work and go out with your friends and with women, but God forbid I should ever want anything for myself!” Sherlock yelled, his face turning pink in anger. “If you didn’t want anything with me, then you shouldn’t have offered!”
He watched as Sherlock’s shoulders slumped in dismay. For Sherlock to be unable to speak and make himself understood…
, drag you into the car and speed away…God, Sherlock, my stomach dropped. I didn’t even have my gun…”
setting up our little charade. He was nearby with his fellow agents. All escape routes were covered. You
John snuggled into his new husband and Sherlock smiled. “So, what are we going to do today?” John asked softly.
, bringing the half-drunk doctor to his knees. With a curse, he turned around to in time to see Mycroft disengaging his curved umbrella handle from John’s foot. He stepped back and, with thinly-veiled sarcasm, said, “Oopsy!”
his insecurities and fears. Did you know,” she said, her face severe, “that Sherlock has an emergency stash in the flat again?”
to look like the old man you remember.” He snapped his fingers and his garb changed to something more like my own.
A few pints later, John found himself sitting in one of the private booths in the back of the pub. A group of rowdies had come in and grouped around him, all clamoring for their beers and jostling him in the process. His mind was becoming comfortably numb under the influence of a good porter when a lovely young lady slid into the booth opposite him. John took instant notice of her, and for good reason. Her hair was long and straight and a beautiful shade of burnished auburn. She wore round, gold-rimmed glasses, behind which were a pair of the greenest eyes he had seen in many a year. She graced him with a slightly gap-toothed smile.
As he hustled away, both John and Sherlock turned their attentions back to Rosie, whose face was becoming a chocolate-smeared mess.
“No, that was my father,” John grumped. “Gave him the courage to be the abusive bastard he was and numbed any regrets he might have had afterwards.”
A few minutes later, Sherlock returned downstairs. He paused at the doors, as if trying to decide which one to use; return to the parlor for a further, probably disastrous discussion, or go through the kitchen and into the sweet asylum of his bedroom.
“Well, I found out that you had something of an interest in ladies’ underthings, particularly lacy ones. In white. So I bought a pair to try to see what the fuss was all about.” Sherlock tilted his head and pursed his lips pensively, a smile tugging at one corner. “I must admit, they were quite soft and…comfortable. Unfortunately, that was the day Mycroft’s men came to get me at the flat and I couldn’t get away to take them off. So-o-o…”
“Right. Understood. In that case, I would encourage you to engage him emotionally first, physically next, then sexually once he’s more comfortable being touched. Since that was the basis of the attack against him—the stripping away of his control and the perversion of intimacy--let
Wiggins nodded. “I ‘ears ya, Doc. Lemme take care a’ this.” And, with that, Wiggins slid away through the empty, foul-smelling alleyway, a homeless General marshalling his equally footloose troops in a campaign to liberate a captive or injured ally. John just hoped they would be in time.
“Not the time or place, John,” he murmured, bristling his shoulders against the night’s sudden cold wind.
‘call the shots,’ as it were. Be as gentle, as loving, as appreciative as possible. Let him build himself back up with your support until he feels strong enough to address the underlying issues with you.” She paused, reflecting. “You know, it speaks very much to Irene’s core delusions that she felt the way to destroy him for rejecting her and her way of life was to sexually abuse and humiliate him. For her,
Sherlock turned his face into the pillow and laughed. When he turned back, he said, “You say the sweetest, and most
“A trash compactor,” Lestrade snarked. “Brilliant! Couldn’t you have just had us jettisoned out into space, while you were at it?”
Sherlock swore and broke contact, his face a study in annoyance. John’s heart constricted in fear. “Sherlock, what…?
Mori-wan Iarty sighed. He had just turned off the tractor beam holding the Millenium London captive and was returning to meet up with the rest of the passengers and crew, when, who should he run into, but his long-time frenemy, Darth Mycroft?
As he entered the toasty warmth of the kitchen, he heard a strange sort of music emanating from his and Sherlock’s closed bedroom door. It sounded sort of whiny and nasally and vaguely middle-eastern, from the snippets he could hear. It was accompanied by muted chiming sounds and light, rhythmic footsteps. His curiosity piqued, John walked stealthily to the door and listened intently. Yes, there was
He watched as the moonlight streamed across the bed from the open sliding doors, letting a warm breeze blow the gauzy curtains into the room like a belly dancer’s veil. He smiled at the thought before returning his eyes to the recumbent figure on the bed. The light played over the tall figure, emphasizing the slenderness of its frame, where it lay sprawled beneath the white linen sheets that were comfortably rumpled about its limbs. The figure was so quiet, it filled John with a sense of unease, to the point where he leaned in close to make sure the figure was actually
Both of Sherlock’s eyebrows skyrocketed. “A ‘pickle’, you say.” Rosie nodded. “Was there anything else?”
!” he stammered in bleary-headed confusion and panic. As the young lady squawked in indignation, John clambered over the table, slid off the end and onto the floor, and rocketed out the front door of the pub, leaving a very disconcerted Della in his wake.
. He blew oh-so-gently on the face and was rewarded with a flicker of an eyelid, evidence of life. He smiled at himself; he should know better by now. Sherlock, once asleep, would be dead to the world until late into the morning.
That made him think about Della, the woman he nearly cheated on Sherlock with. He wondered if she was still at the pub. Probably pretty pissed off at him for running off like that. Not that he cared, really. She was just a symptom of the disease living inside of him.  The anger and self-loathing that had been instilled in him by his father. The bitterness of never being good enough, of never being accepted for who he was. Always having to be someone else’s idea of perfect.
“You’re gorgeous,” he blurted out, being the unrefined, country doctor that he was, just before he slapped his hand over his mouth in horror.
John grinned up at me as a high, feminine voice caught our attention. A pretty, blonde woman had stuck her head out of the portal and called, “Yoo hoo! John, dear! Come on through, will you? Hurry up, we’re waiting! I’ve made biscuits!” Then she retreated.
got both, a dangerous combination,” Mycroft acknowledged. “If you had been more like me, you would have turned your back on your nemeses and walked away, secure in your own intellectual superiority. Instead, you let them beat you down, torment you, treat you like some...lesser being.”
Sherlock turned the phone so he could view the image and stated, flatly, “It looks like a great deal is going on, to my unpracticed eye.” The sarcasm dripped from every word.
I sat with him, watching him age with loving eyes. It was easy to be patient when time is of no matter. I found that I could travel around London without effort and could even, upon occasion, enter the glowing white door that constantly beckoned to me from the corner. I would talk with Uncle Rudy, my parents, and even Mycroft, once he had passed. All resentments and anger were put in the past. I finally understood why things had happened the way that they did between us, and we forgave each other for being less-than-perfect human beings. Mrs. Hudson was so pleased to see me again that she gave me a big hug, and Lestrade joined the party some time later. There was only one person missing...
.” John huffed as he turned and walked back through the kitchen and up the stairs to his own bedroom. Sherlock could hear movement overhead as John prepared Rosie’s bed, followed by the obvious sound of something being either kicked or punched.
. Full-out, heart-broken weeping. I could feel someone’s head resting on my arm, sense the dampness on my naked skin. A hand held mine on the same side.
Whitey smiled a most unpleasant smile just before he spat a big wad of phlegm straight into John’s face. “I ain’t tellin’ ya nothin’, ya twerp.” He eyed John up and down as John wiped the spit from his face. “Look at ya, yer dick’s prob’ly no bigger than me little finger! Bet yer boyfriend don’t get much fun outa you! It’d be like getting’ fucked by a pencil!” He roared his laughter at his own puerile humor as the homeless network started to converge on him.
Sherlock smiled down at his husband and said, “You know, I feel a bit more fondly about this place now. Let’s spend the rest of the day here, cap it off at the hotel room as you have promised, and then we can meet with Agent Doyle tomorrow. Agreed?”
the figment of a fitful night’s dream. “Sherlock,” he breathed, at once a name, a hope, and a prayer. He swallowed, hard, before asking, “May I…?”
John’s smile faded. “No repeat, Sherlock. I...I want this, now. I was always so afraid that you’d...you’d find out and be repulsed...”
Finally, the kettle sang and John removed it from the burner, pouring out two identical portions and dropping teabags into each. He added a little milk to his, a little sugar to Sherlock’s, and steeled himself to enter the bedroom.
“Yeah, you’re right, Sherlock. Guess I was feeling a bit like I was being pushed to the side by a newer model.”
It had been a fortnight since Sherlock had been discharged from hospital. There had been no need for physical therapy or medical follow-up save for that pesky language problem.
The young man emitted an ugly-sounding laugh. “Nah, I don’t think so, guv. Why don’t you give me your  valuables and maybe I’ll let ya live, ‘ow’s that?”
Lestrade desperately started pressing buttons, but to no avail. The claxon suddenly blazed. Toby howled.
was the one who looked annoyed. He cocked his head insolently to one side and focused his intense gaze on his lover. Quietly, but with purpose, he asked, “Why is this so important, John?”
He shook his head to shake the thought loose. No need for falling into the same trap to which Sherlock had succumbed. He had to be his saviour, not his cellmate.
The officer continued to stare. “Uh, yeah. Okay. Thanks.” He turned back to John and asked, “Are you staying here? We may need more information…”
“Fuck off, Mycroft,”John sassed, then turned around to leave. He didn’t go far, however, as one of his ankles caught on
I guess the look on my face must have been pretty comical, because Uncle Rudy practically fell to the ground laughing. “God said they’d say that the next time you asked! I didn’t believe them!” It took him a good minute to get himself together again. “Ask something
Sergei roared in laughter. “That...that was a good one, Sherlock! No, I mean that you are close, that he sends you on sensitive missions. I
As he mounted the stairs, he strained his ears for the sound of...anything, really. The flat was dreadfully quiet, except for the crackle of a fire in the hearth. Well, it was chilly out, so that was understandable. These old houses weren’t as well insulated as some of the newer structures on the outskirts of town. That was one reason Sherlock always wore a dressing gown; he always complained about his bum being cold. John smirked for a moment at the thought before it vanished, along with the smile. He climbed the switch-back stairs and found himself standing in the parlor door. He looked inside before entering.
The sound of two bodies falling onto the bed, followed by “This mattress is going to owe you, big time.”
Minutes later, Security showed up and the server directed them into the service area. A few minutes after that, Agent Doyle calmly walked up to their table, spun a chair around backwards, and sat down, resting his arms on the back of the chair.
that he assumed when he was putting facts together and extrapolating data. He steepled his fingertips in front of his chin and stared off into nothingness. John held up his hand to forestall Agent Doyle from interrupting Sherlock’s reverie.
one up, Mycroft. Right in the jaw, just like Sherlock told me to, just a little later than I had intended. I notice
John was agape. Sherlock simply pressed his lips together, nodded, and said, “This looks vaguely familiar.”
else, other than the fact that he was slowly, lovingly, penetrating the body of the man he adored, who meant more to him than anything else in this world. He wanted to be deep inside, to be
A dry chuckle, then, “While your concern and outrage are appreciated, Mycroft, I believe the matter is...handled.”
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, I just got off the phone with…wait a minute, did you actually call me by my given name?”
“Yes, I’m sure you can, but I like to help. Is that all right?” he asked, pausing with the cup still in his hand.
everything,” he would say imperiously whenever some fool at NSY would question his deductions. No, he could not afford the handicap of not knowing exactly where he was and what was going on.
“’Morning, Sunshine,” John quipped as Sherlock shuffled out of the bedroom, wrapped in a sheet and looking like something the cat had not only dragged in but had played with, eaten, and regurgitated. He received a venomous look in return.
have a credibility problem.” He lowered his eyes before continuing. “I would gladly trade a credibility problem for the one I have
To my surprise, he grabbed my face in his hands and kissed me square on the lips. Not that I complained, mind you. He pulled back, surprised, as the reality hit him. “You’re real...I can touch you...how?”
She smiled, one-eyed, up at him. Shampoo dripped down the other side. “You know, Papa, I don’t want to be called Rosie anymore.”
“The best kind,” Sherlock replied, his voice soft, as he placed a hand over one of John’s. “I never realized the depth of pain inside of you, John. The fact that you have grown up to be such an incredible, amazing person is a testament to your strength, courage, and nobility.”
“What the fuck do you want, John?” Sherlock growled, his breathing ragged. It was obvious he had been close.
Seemingly out of nowhere, Wiggins appeared at John’s elbow. “See? I tolja we’d catch this bugger fur ya!” he beamed. “Now we just gotta get th’ information outa him.” He trotted over to the unconscious hulk on the ground, where he and the big man with the pipe trussed him up like a Christmas goose before he could awaken. Then one of the homeless men threw a large cup of water on his head. Another one slapped him in the face a few times—not because he needed to, but because he was enjoying it. Seems that this guy was extremely unpopular among the homeless, according to Wiggins; he was a bully who would shake down anyone who was unfortunate enough to cross his path when he was in “one of those moods”.
“You know, these attempts on our lives are almost like a frat boy prank,” John noted, pointing his fork at Sherlock.
Sherlock scowled briefly, then extended his hand with purpose. No apparent tremor marred the movement. “Téléphone.”
There was another sound, like someone bumping into a trashcan. He looked around again, in time to see a small tabby cat run across the street full-tilt. He laughed at himself. After facing a robber, he was being spooked by a little pussy…
Sherlock sighed for so long, John was afraid that CPR would have to be the next step. “Fine, we’ll stay a while. It will be a good place to observe people, I suppose.” He brightened. “Perhaps some fed-up parent will murder their little darling…”
“And we mustn’t disappoint,” Sherlock replied as he closed the distance between them, slid his arms around his husband’s compact form, and kissed him soundly.
“No,” Sherlock replied. His eyes were actually just a tad misty when John looked into them. “No, I don’t mind. Not one bit.” He stretched up for a kiss and John complied gladly. Suddenly, his face hardened again. “But only when we are alone,” he added, sternly, pointing a finger at John. “It wouldn’t do for Scotland Yard to...”
“A flawed man, John, deeply flawed. I am a recovering drug addict who can’t ask for help. If you had not shown up when you did, I would have been a relapsed drug addict, possibly a dead one. I can’t bear emotional pain as others do. I am largely still estranged to most emotions except for the ones you have taught me...”
“And I don’t know what to do about it, either.” He kicked the coffee table in front of him. “I just feel so bloody helpless.”
Another dry chuckle. “Dear brother, always the crusader. The dragon-slayer rescuing fair maidens...”
A gentle smile adorned his lips as his eyes rose to meet John’s. “I know, John. You told me so, remember?”
I knocked a book off a shelf full of books John had been intending to read but hadn’t gotten to yet. Lestrade walked over and picked it up. His hand shook ever-so-slightly as he read aloud the title-- “Idiot’s Delight.”
Finally, there was a commotion outside the door, which included further shouting from their next-door neighbor that he was going to kill the limey bastard inside. After a scuffle, the sounds of someone being dragged away could be heard, along with a high-pitched female voice from the hallway saying, “That’s what you deserve, you limp-dicked bastard!” before stomping off down the hall.
John chuckled at his tone. “Now, that’s more like the Snarkmaster that I know and love. God, I’ve missed you.” He squeezed ever-so-gently. “Oops, sorry, love. Should have asked first. You let me know if I’m hurting you, alright?”
. Sergei turned to grin at John before facing Sherlock. Moving closer, he began to rub himself against the front of Sherlock’s body, making obscene moaning and grunting sounds. His pelvis thrust into Sherlock’s groin as Sherlock felt his jailer’s erection growing.
“Finally, I asked to go to military school. Dad was thrilled. He thought he had “made a man” out of me, at long last. The day I packed up and left was the happiest day of my life, up to that point.” A deep breath helped him to re-establish his preternatural calm. “It was only years later that I found out what a bastard my father had been in the army. Rapist, brawler, abuser, all-around bell end. He was dishonorably discharged for his actions, even though he always told us that he left the service with honors.” He blinked as they sought out Sherlock’s. “Can you imagine what that was like, Sherlock?
He removed Sherlock’s cooled mug of tea from his thigh and placed it on the bedside table. Then he dragged his lover over to him, hugging him tightly and planting a kiss on his be-fringed forehead. “Do you think I would trade you for
“Seems that one of their friends had disappeared inexplicably, a kind of a ‘regular’ who stayed in an abandoned stone house nearby. They went there to check up on him but were unable to gain access due to a new lock on the door. This
Sherlock smiled warmly. “Yes, like me. Is daddy...was very strict and tried to make sure your daddy only liked ladies.”
Not entirely convinced, Sherlock crawled onto the bed, straddling John’s hips. John slid his fingertips under the hip wrap and began to tease the harem pants down Sherlock’s slender hip while rolling his pelvis upward into Sherlock’s own. Sherlock ran his hands over John’s chest and sides, sometimes leaning down to bestow a lingering kiss upon John’s lips or neck. He might have even left a love bite or two, but John was in no condition to care. Eventually, John slid Sherlock’s harem pants out from between them and discovered that Sherlock wasn’t wearing anything underneath them. The skin-to-skin friction was
Holding up a hand, John said, “Don’t worry about it, Greg. I know Sherlock would want me to continue The Work, so I’m good.”
John’s face must have been red and his gaze intense, like my own under similar circumstances. “Do you know which car struck intentionally versus which one was the accident?” No one met my eyes except Lestrade, who stared as if he had, well, seen a ghost. “Are you all blind? Look at the skid marks! The first car was the accidental strike! The man was still alive when the second car veered sharply to hit him! That’s the murder! And when did the bullet hit?”
“I watch from upstairs when you talk to people. You sound different when you’re excited than when you’re bored. You say you’ll help them, but I can almost hear you say “idiot” as you show them out. And you
“It hit the edge of the pool between the two of us and skipped off, striking the victim on the rebound,” Sherlock added, calmly.
After a while, there was a tentative knock on the door. John called out “come in!” and Mrs. Hudson peeped through the opening, bearing a tray of cookies and milk.
“That’s what they do with it, actually,” Sherlock remarked, disdain dripping from his voice. “Eventually.”
He’d had this particular experience before, when he’d had a really bad nightmare about losing Sherlock and had sought him out, wanting to make sure he was really all right.
A smile quirked at one edge of Sherlock’s full lips. “Did you know that Moriarty called me ‘Sir Boast-a-lot’?”
There was a muted sound coming from the back bedroom. I turned my head and listened before moving in that direction. At the door, I stopped, reluctant to enter as I considered what I might find there. Would John already dying? Would he be there with a lover, trying to forget me any way possible? I set my jaw and moved through the door. My eyes sought the bed immediately.
“The mattress has been acting up again. I heard it sass you this morning. It might require more disciplining…”
Even Sally Donovan and Anderson were pleased to see him. Sally didn’t call him ‘freak’ once and was inordinately solicitous of him. Anderson bounded around him like a newly-adopted puppy, a big grin on his face.
, John Watson. Go ahead and walk away. I hope you regret it.” He ignored her and kept walking out to the abandoned street, turned right, and disappeared into the dimly-lit night.
Sherlock’s long, delicate fingers curled around John’s hand loosely. “Untrue, and unfair to yourself. You did nothing to deserve any of the things that have happened to you. In fact, you have transcended them all.”
have its ‘up’ side. I can collect and synthesize information in ways that other can’t. Taking the information you’ve given me before, and reconsidering it in light of the case from ten years ago, it became obvious that we had been deceived by some very clever hooligans.”
John leaned in, until his face was mere inches from his lover’s, and whispered, “You’re speaking French, love.”
As the two set out toward the restaurant, John recovered himself enough to mutter, darkly, “If that little girl is all right, she’s grounded until she’s eighteen.”
“What…what do you mean?” Sherlock was starting to feel shocky. His adrenaline was finally ebbing and a tremor was threatening to engulf his entire body.
anglais est inutilisable pour le moment...Attends, qu'est-ce qui s'est exactement passé pour causer tout ça ?”
“And shall we have a translator in our bedroom, too, John? Wouldn’t that be a bit…strange? Not to mention intrusive.”
“You are sexually and romantically interested in both men and women. You spent years while in the army bedding many women, am I correct?” He looked up and John nodded. “Also some men, like Sholto. However, you’ve only ever dated women in the time that we’ve lived together, although I’ve seen you flirt with other men in that time, too.”
how important this is. How could he have missed it? I even watched him as he programmed his phone alarm!” He took the stairs two at a time, calling Sherlock’s name the whole way. No response. When he burst into the flat, there was nothing to indicate that Sherlock had been there at all that morning.
Our favorite Sex Holiday couple must deal with the aftermath of their risky venture of the day before.
A movement in the kitchen caught his attention. Mrs. Hudson, true to her word, had brought up some sandwiches and treats and laid them on the table. She put up a finger to her lips and smiled. John smiled back and nodded in thanks. The landlady then withdrew from the flat, descending the stairs as quietly as she had mounted them.
, and I think you’re wasting your time trying to butter up an old fossil like me. Why don’t you go back to your new, hot, army boyfriend?”
I was coming back, so she oiled her way into his good graces and manipulated him into marrying her.”
Sergei walked to the center of the room and made a movement. A small click and a light went on, dim and flickering. Sherlock could see John chained to the opposite wall, dried blood trailing down his chin and staining his plaid shirt. They both blinked at the light, which
He never got to finish that thought. John ducked a knife thrust to the outside, caught the man’s forearm with his own and, using the palm of his other hand, delivered a blow that shattered the ruffian’s elbow, causing him to scream in pain. John then grabbed the man’s wrist and swung it behind him, pinning him in a wrist-shoulder lock that twisted his fractured elbow into an unnatural attitude. This resulted in even more screaming.
“Can really mess up those long walks in the park, can’t they, John?” Sherlock asked, without turning. Rosie glared over his shoulder. John looked...uncomfortable.
me.” He cast a glance at John and stated, “I think you should call Security now, John. God only knows what else she has in that purse of hers. This
The bedroom door slammed open and John charged out of it, gun in hand. He stared about wildly as he turned on the kitchen light, pointing his gun at me at one point unintentionally. Not that it mattered; the bullet would have passed right through, but it
“Not an idiot. We seem to have lost something here...” His head dipped down while his bum stuck up in the air dramatically as he practiced his oral art upon John’s receptive member. Soon, he had John’s hands in his hair, tightening spasmodically with every lick and suck.
He looked into my eyes and said, “As long as we’re together...” as we turned and walked through the glowing doorway, with Mycroft and Lestrade in tow. It wavered and shrank into non-existence, leaving only silence and memories behind.
John stopped and turned. A young man stood in a crouch behind him, holding an open switchblade. The shadowy figure gestured at him, making jerky, cutting movements with the blade. “Give it over! Don’t make me stick ya!”
“Okay, this is getting a bit spooky now,” Lestrade mumbled as he approached the desk. John tapped out the search term “trumpet”, with predictable results.
man, beet red except for a thin stripe of pale white skin around the shapely hips and buttocks. He was lying on his stomach, his dark thatch of curly hair indenting the pillow, his face turned away. John could watch
About this time, Whitey was starting to figure out that maybe this madman in front of him with the big shiny gun and the deadly smile was actually serious.
“Oh, fuck, love…mmmm…that’s great, just like…uhhh…just like that…oh, baby…” John’s hands sought out the mass of curls beneath the sheet and ran through them, tightening spasmodically, which elicited moans from his lover. Sherlock had very sensitive follicles.
get any choice in the matter...” he growled, drunkenly rebelling against Sherlock’s grip and his attempts to lead him to the car. “GET YOUR BLOODY HANDS OFF OF ME! It’s
she asked yet again, her chin firm and her lips compressed in that way John had when he’d had enough of Sherlock’s prevarications.
to tell you. It was God’s work that led you to my back door all those years ago, and I’ve tried to repay you as best I could since then.”
The look on Sherlock’s face would have been comical if it hadn’t also been so very much in love. “John, you are
Lestrade fell back against the couch and swore in astonishment. “Holy shit, it’s...” He leaned forward
.” A metallic tap, hard. “This isn’t over, Sherlock. The game is still on, but some pieces have gone rogue.”
He turned and headed toward the bedroom. On his way, he almost bumped into Mrs. Hudson, who had mounted the stairs with a tray bearing a steeping pot of tea and two china cups. “Oh, John, I thought I heard you come in, so I brought up a cuppa for you and Sherlock...”
, in body and soul, made John lose the last shred of composure he had been clinging to. With a yell, he came, deep inside his lover, thrusting uncontrollably over and over again, until he heard a cry wrested from deep within Sherlock’s core that indicated that he, too, had crossed the Rubicon, his own cock spewing forth ribbons of cum over his own belly. They clutched at each other and rode their respective waves until they were thrown upon the shore, weak and shaking from the intensity of it all.
He smiled in what, he hoped, was a charming manner. It would have probably been more successful if he could have felt his face. “Nope. All alone. Jus’ me and my porter.” He raised his half-empty glass in illustration.
to believe they had the upper hand. I have…” he reached into his shirt pocket, “a recording of their conversation when they believed I was destined for a lunch date in the Everglades. This should help you to put them away.” He handed the tiny recorder to the agent. “There are references on there to the boys’ mother. I would appreciate it if you could keep her in the dark as much as possible. She shouldn’t have to suffer from her sons’ misdeeds. She’s a good woman,” he said, his voice betraying the warmth he felt toward his landlady.
Clearing his throat, Sherlock said, “I believe there is enough room in my bed for all three of us, if it isn’t an inconvenience to you.”
John glanced from his comfortable chair by the fire to take in the brooding cloud of sadness hovering over the couch. Upon entering the room from work, he had divested himself of his jacket and bag, gratefully plopped himself down, and picked up the paper without even
John rose up and took off his jacket, hanging it beside Sherlock’s belstaff coat. Rosie watched him before turning her wide-eyed gaze toward Sherlock. Sherlock gave her a look over the top of his book, accompanied by a tiny shake of the head. She wrinkled her nose and shrugged. Sherlock rolled his eyes meaningfully. She stuck out her tongue at him. He stuck out
“No, but we think he went to turn off the tractor beam! Do you have access to the ship’s layout? We need to get to the London immediately!” John yelled into the unit.
.” He stopped just short of the bed and turned around, dropping John’s hand. Hands on hips, he said “So, you have a choice, John. You can be angry with me and miss an
yield. Not even when she gave him a script to read for the camera, telling him that, if he read it, she would stop. He didn’t care what the script said, even though the text was debasing and vile to his sensibilities. He just wouldn’t give her the satisfaction of giving in.
that my favorite dragon-slayer was going to try to do something incredibly stupid, so I was trying to steer you away from it. Without success, obviously.”
was more about power than sex, though. It was meant to break my spirit, make me more pliable to his will.” He closed his eyes in pain again. “He said I’d never look at another man with lust again.”
John’s nose wrinkled in response. “Yeah, just like you, you poncy prat.” John took his own sip from his unsweetened coffee, still steaming in its foam container. Sherlock leaned against the wall beside him. “Did you give them hell?”
As he walked, collar flipped up against the chill breeze that blew up out of nowhere, a sleek black Mercedes sidled up beside him, pacing him. He stopped. The car stopped. The door opened and out stepped Anthea, dressed in a black fur coat, ever-present phone in hand. She smiled her usual enigmatic smile and gestured for John to get in. John grunted assent, no longer surprised that Mycroft could find him
“Sherlock, I may not make it all the way in, at this pace, before…,” he growled, his self-control fraying with each centimeter.
.“ He helped Rosie to stand up, then stood himself and wrapped the towel around her slender form. “Time to get out and get ready for bed. Now, which pyjamas do you want, the pink or the green?”
one. His eyes closed of their own volition as he relaxed into the kiss, lips parted and sliding hotly against hers. Surprisingly, they were not as plush as Sherlock’s, nor were they both as yielding and demanding as his. His hand slid around the back of her neck, under the straight fall of hair, so unlike Sherlock’s curls, especially that nape curl he so loved to play with. His other hand cupped her face, feeling for, but missing, the sharp jut of cheekbone that he loved to run his fingertips over.
Sergei turned back to John and delivered a vicious backhand to the face. Sherlock could hear his head crack against the wall as the blow connected. He set his jaw to keep from screaming out John’s name.
John turned his head to look at Sherlock mock-sternly. “First, she’s not a shrink, so stop calling her that! Second, what, you think you’re going to suddenly become a top? YOU? The most bottomly bottom of bottoms?”
All three people headed toward the back bedroom. John made sure the curtains were all closed while Sherlock laid the little girl down in the center of his sprawling bed. When John turned around, Sherlock was already lying on the far side of the bed, shoes off but otherwise dressed. He pulled up the comforter, which was already covering Rosie like a cocoon.
very surprised to discover that your sons were still alive and sending you money every month from their criminal enterprise.”
The pairing was perfect. The army interpreter was able to keep up with Sherlock’s quick patter and translated his words exactly,
After he heard his landlady’s door shut and latch, John swung around and looked toward the path his flatmate had blazed to his room.
sentiment. It compromised his razor-sharp logical processes, introducing the human note into what should have been a series of procedural writings, rather than the blog entries I was so fond of. My style was a bit more florid, a touch more...
“I always give you a bath on the days your daddy works late,” he countered, smoothly, as he picked up the rubber duck and squirted her with it playfully. She squealed in protest.
The evening was cool but comfortable for only a jacket. John had paced the streets and parks around Baker Street for well over an hour before deciding to stop into a local pub. He wasn’t especially well-known there, so he was able to sit at the bar in relative anonymity. It’s
Lightning struck a nearby structure and the roaring thunder shook the house. A moment later, there was a scream from the upstairs that galvanized both men into action. Sherlock, with his long legs, got to the stairs faster, but John was close behind, adrenaline driving him on. Sherlock jumped the gate at the top and ran to the room, while John had to take a moment to unfasten it before proceeding, muttering, “Who the hell is that gate supposed to be stopping, anyway?” He pelted after Sherlock and entered the room as Sherlock knelt beside the crying, screaming child in the bed by the window, his arms wrapped tightly around her slender form as he rocked and soothed her.
A wave of the hand dismissed the words. “Of course not, John,” he responded cavalierly. “We both know it would
Sherlock rose slowly from his chair but, instead of standing, he knelt facing John, his feet crossed as he sat back on his heels. His face opened up like a tragic bloom as he peered up into his husband’s face and said, softly, “I love you, John, but I need you equally as much. You keep me right. You keep me stable. You give me the understanding and support I could never give myself or find in others. Without you, I fall apart, I become less.” His eyes were deep silver pools that drew John into them. “If you wanted to leave, I would let you go because it would be what’s best for you, but I would wither away and, eventually, disappear into a fog of drug-induced delusion. An empty shell, awaiting it’s final dissolution and death.” He blinked back tears. “I don’t say this to coerce you into staying, John. I say this because it is the truth. I’m not what you think I am, and you are so much more than you think you are.”
Sherlock cocked his head. “How is it fair that you show me how to love and then withhold it from me? How fair is it that you hold me—and yourself--to a rigid standard that can never be met?” He paused, then asked, thoughtfully. “Do you think me perfect, John?”
“So, are you ready to come out of the tub yet?” he asked, reaching for a towel. “The water must be getting cool.”
In the aftermath of 'The Woman's' attack, John tries to find a way to help Sherlock recover and return to being the man he once was...
“Moriarty. I warned you there were people after you, Sherlock. The demons beneath the paths we walk. Yours isn’t dead.” He paused. “Yet.”
John sniffed in anger, his mouth distorted. “Well, before I left the Whitey James take-down, I told Wiggins to anonymously call the police and tell them where to pick up the wanker and why. I told him where I was going, so he included that in the call. Thing is, when Lestrade heard that the call was an anonymous tip about someone kidnapping Sherlock, he got on the line. He knew it was Wiggins right off, so he was able to get more information out of him. He sent Donovan and a team to pick up Whitey, then he and
He turned to watch as Sherlock carefully and methodically tested, first, his lower extremities, and, then, his core muscles. He smiled tentatively. “Tout semble fonctionner correctement.”
Sherlock gusted a sigh through his nose. “Yes, but it also means ‘to put off’ something you don’t want to do.” His eyes closed in sudden realization. “Fleur, I don’t think your daddy wants to go on a date with me,” he finally admitted. “This is just the kind of thing he would do to avoid it.”
Summary:After Mary’s death, John and Rosie return to 221B, but nothing has changed between John and Sherlock. Can a child speak truth to her elders?
the patient when the dealer had tried to carve some condoms full of cocaine out of said patient, and a cabbie who had brought the dealer and the mule to the address to finally obtain the drugs and who hadn’t been paid yet. John had suspected that the most dangerous member of the party had been the cabbie. If you value your life, never, but
Sherlock took a deep sigh and turned his attention to cleaning up the bathroom. Rosie loved to splash him, so he was damp and chilled from the experience, but he used her towel to mop up the spilled water and put her bath toys into their suspended net next to the tub. Once finished, he slipped into his bedroom to put on his own ratty pyjamas (unlike Rosie’s, which were of the finest quality) and tying shut his dressing gown before entering the kitchen, where John was lightly rough-housing with Rosie, who giggled and shouted, “Daddy, stop!” as she struggled. She caught sight of Sherlock as he entered the room and yelled, “Papa!”
. It suddenly made John realize a few things he would had preferred to have forgotten; that he was average in appearance, short, middle-aged, losing his military figure, and, possibly, might not be able to hold the attention of the one thing he loved more than life itself—Sherlock.
“Shhhherr,” I hissed weakly, turning my face toward his voice. I still couldn’t open my eyes. It felt like two elephants were sitting on my lids. The thing on my forehead stroked my hair gently. I finally figured out it was Sherlock’s hand. It felt...really nice.
They sat together in silence, the only sound that of Sherlock stealing another treat and gobbling it down. John chuckled to himself but it was felt by Sherlock.
Eyeroll. “Whatever. I need answers!” He threw off the comforter and shot into the bedroom, emerging mere minutes later in his business attire.
John crawled over the six-foot worm on the floor and trotted upstairs to his own room. He had some research to do.
A kiss. On my hand. I then felt my hand being cradled against a wet cheek and kissed again. The grip on it tightened, as if desperate.
Agent Doyle chortled. “He’s a handful, isn’t he?” he inquired of John, who nodded wordlessly as he demolished his own plate.
what,” Sherlock shot back. “Mrs. Hudson is the finest woman I’ve ever known and I’ve looked after her, even protected her from her beast of a husband.” He crossed his arms pointedly.
He held out his arms and showed off the dark blue evening gown with the draped sleeves, plunging V neck, and scads of crystals adorning the bodice. “Lovely, isn’t it? I appropriated it after your mother could no longer wear it.” He leaned in and confided, “Personally, I think I look better in it than she
Sherlock’s eyes opened and he grinned mischievously. “The chair just sassed us again. Said we were only a six.”
obnoxious. All I wanted was a drink and one of them started hitting on me! Like I can be bought for the price of a pint! Can you imagine?”
“I do it all for you, John,” Sherlock whispered as they headed out the door. “No one else compares.”
Someone sat. I heard the screeching of a chair as it moved. “God, what am I going to tell him about Mary?”
Dead silence, then, “Bastard. I would have shot him myself, just for that. I wish you had told me this earlier, Sherlock. I would have made him back away. I will
He turned and trudged back toward Baker Street. No choice, then. It would be cruel beyond belief to avoid him now.
The sound of a toilet flushing. This time she didn’t even try to conceal her entrance into the room from him. She walked with the confidence of a lioness stalking her prey. He felt a gloved hand touch his chest high up, trailing light fingers down his body, stopping only to trace the marks she had left on him. “What a pity to mar such a lovely work of art, but you can’t make an omelet without whipping a few eggs,” she laughed, a cackle that made her sound deranged and dangerous. She lightly ran a finger over one of his nipples, squeezing and twisting at the same time until he groaned. “Oh, you are such a soft, sensitive boy, aren’t you?” she mocked him. “I could have given you such pleasure, but, instead, I’ll take
The softest look stole over Sherlock’s face as he whispered, “You called me...” His eyes, which had been sharp as steel, turned into pools of quicksilver.
Another senseless shooting in a darkened, rain-slick street not far from Baker Street. A middle-aged man lay on the ground, his dark blood draining away and mixing with the puddled water on the pavement.
As soon as John’s face registered the requisite astonishment, Sherlock continued, “Quelle piètre opinion as-tu de moi, Jean, si tu penses que je peux t'abandonner pour aller avec un autre homme, même un plus jeune?”
Sweat was dripping from Whitey’s face. “You can’t do that. Bobbies’ll hear you. They’ll come runnin’”
The driver laughed. “Dad wasn’t anything to write home about. Glad you got rid of him for us; he was getting sloppy in his old age, the lousy drunkard.”
he yelled as he threw his body out of the clutching bedsheets and grabbed the note like a drunken man. He peered at it closely, then swore under his breath.
The paramedics took over and found themselves with a handful of cranky Sherlock, who claimed his husband was a doctor and was, therefore,
After several minutes, John lifted his head and said, breathlessly, “The mattress said, ‘thank you’.”
The guards snapped to attention as Mycroft added, “Please do reconsider my offer, Sherlock. Together… we could rule the galaxy!”
“And I can’t bear...one reason I leave Rosie’s care to you so much is that you...you wouldn’t abuse her the way my sister and I...”
He smiled indulgently and lowered his eyes, hoping she wouldn’t read the truth there. “About your daddy. I...worry when he goes out at night. London can be a very dangerous place, you know.”
had been building up inside for quite a while and it was reaching critical mass. It would come down to either
as he felt her satin-clad hands begin to caress him, seduce him with long, firm strokes to the shaft and silky circular patterns and hot breath to the head and..
instructions for a DNA test to be performed, having procured and analyzed some of John’s blood a while ago. I would have known
The smile edged up just a little more. “Possibly. After all, I did foolishly think I might be worthy of you,”  Sherlock finished, his defensive mask starting to slip, as John heard the slightest crack in that otherwise controlled tone.
“Yes. Between your information and my foot soldiers, I have been able to ascertain what Moriarty is up to. The spider’s web is still active, and I can feel its strands vibrating with every move he makes on it.”
One of Sherlock’s eyebrows rose silently. “Couldn’t do it, or couldn’t get it up with her? After all, you have been ‘tainted’ by having sex with a man for all this time...”
What now? Do I just stand here like an idiot, watching my best friend mourn my all-too-recent death? Haunt 221B like a poltergeist in some of the horrendously bad horror movies that John doted on? How
“Yes,” Mycroft agreed, “You can cuddle up to that thought when you’re a disembodied piece of the Force and have to socialize with a bunch of holier-then-thou jedi knights who were killed by the Sith in the past. Doesn’t sound very appetizing to
“YOU DON’T FUCK FAMILY!” John yelled back, seemingly out of nowhere, his face so distorted that it was hard to recognized him as the same man who fussed over Rosie at night. “You don’t...fucking...
“Hmph,” Sherlock responded. “So you are angry that I’m bathing you again? It never bothered you before...”
My eyelids slid inexorably downward. It was impossible to stop them; the morphine had seen to that. My last glimpse of blue eyes and I felt ready to face the unknown. I whispered
“Good, good. Lie down, then.” When Sherlock started to sulk, John added, “Please. I want to see your beautiful face…”
to say,” he snarled. Mycroft raised his eyebrows. “You were raised in a country home with well-to-do parents and had access to the best of everything. What would you know about
Sherlock rested his mug on one thigh. “You started it all this morning with that…that…” His hand waved angrily at the dresser, “white panty
by the way Sherlock moved, how he approached and then retreated from him, all the while watching him with eyes that glinted silver just as his costume glinted gold. He wanted
the room was pretty damned spectacular, too. The suite was impeccably decorated in beachy greens and beiges, with bamboo furniture and light, airy artwork adorning the walls. The pale curtains billowed into the room with the scented breezes.
gain me a network of loyal people who are willing to work for the justice they are denied on a daily basis.”
A sudden waft of scented air indicated that someone had silently entered the room. A whiff of leather, the scent of expensive cosmetics, and a touch of…ah, yes, Chopard’s Casmir. Now he knew the score. He knew exactly who had kidnapped him.
“And to you, as well, on your recent promotion,” Sherlock observed. The officer stopped and stared at him.
Stroppy as usual. This was a good sign. When he moved on to imperious, arrogant, and demanding, John would know that he was well on his way to recovery.
The two were still arguing as they were dragged into separate black-and-whites and driven away. Agent Doyle tossed the recorder into the air before pocketing it. All around, it had turned out to be a pretty good day.
Turning her eyes back to her phone, Anthea stated, “Well, well, it looks like Mycroft would like to have a word with you, after all.” She glanced at John before saying, “I do
“Do you want to get a cab, Sherlock? I think it might rain, and you’re carrying Rosie,” John suggested as they exited the restaurant.
“Thank you, Angelo,” Sherlock nodded. With one hand, he indicated that John should sit with his back to the window while Sherlock took the side wall seat. Rosie occupied the space in the corner, between them.
Even the neighbors, hearing his pitiful cries, hammered on the wall and demanded that John relent and spare the suffering detective.
Lestrade was over the moon to see Sherlock back on his feet and impeccably dressed again. He had been the only one allowed to bring case files to the flat. Sherlock had refused admittance to anyone else. If it wasn’t Lestrade, then John would have to take the files at the front door. John allowed
John took in a deep breath to steady himself and said, “Billy, Sherlock’s gone missing. His phone is not in his possession, I’m sure of that. He missed a very important appointment and he’s not undercover. Could you mobilize the network and see if you can find out where he is or, at the very least, who has his phone? Then we can question him and find out where Sherlock is.” He proceeded to give Billy an address where he should start his investigation.
“I’ll lose my desire to do so, you said so yourself,” I challenged him. He reluctantly nodded. “Tell me, what will happen to John if I cross over?”
John opened his thighs wider and bent his knees up to provide greater access as Sherlock settled himself between them and leaned down. He gently spread lube around the violet-skinned ring of John’s anus, smiling when John emitted a quiet moan of pleasure in response. Once satisfied that there was sufficient lubrication, he pressed his long, slender middle finger against the ring until it opened to allow him entry. A sharp intake of breath accompanied his success. The ring was tight,
Ella Thompson, John’s therapist, nodded but said nothing. After a few minutes of silence, John just…exploded.
As I stood there, soaking in the rich sunlight and calming breezes, a young man approached me from, well, out of nowhere. I didn’t see him walk up, but I certainly recognized him when he arrived. At least, I recognized what he was
“There, now, boys, don’t you feel better about it all?” Mrs. Hudson chirped as she clapped her hands in delight, back to her usual self again.
“Yeah, yeah, I think I will,” John agreed, rubber-kneeing it into the parlor, where he poured himself a stiff drink and settled into his chair. A good, solid jolt of single-malt liquor came as something of a relief after the day he’d just had. As he took another sip, he noticed music wafting out of the back bedroom again, only louder this time. He turned in his chair and nearly snorted the single malt out of his nose.
She looked up at Sherlock, who stood, stiff-spined, with his cup and saucer poised in one large, violinist’s hand, and stated, boldly. “I am
“They’ll kill you, you know,” a familiar, if especially soft and slurry, baritone said from the bed.
about him. Not in any kind of personal or romantic way; he’s just a good man, and it upsets him when his baby brother is unhappy. Distracts him from his job, which is far more important than you can possibly imagine. Sherlock led a very troubled life, prior to meeting you. Mycroft hoped that
Finally, there was movement again. Silver eyes fluttered open and scanned the room for one person, the only person who truly mattered to him.
The end result was that John dated occasionally but never married. He said he could never find anyone like me. I called him an idiot. He smiled as though he had heard me.
The shadows were casting long in the front room of 221B. No one had bothered to close the drapes the night before, so the paling sun played with the silhouettes of buildings and other structures it passed on its way to fading out the old, worn carpet on the parlor floor. Inside the building, there was a surprising lack of hustle and bustle as the hands of the antique clock slowly made their rounds on the chipped clockface, as if reluctant to record time’s passage.
Not as easy as one would think. I was wrapped in a warm, comforting darkness, no pain, no anxiety, no
John took a deep breath and looked around. “Yeah, it’s a standard issue basement. With a corpse in the corner. Nice. So?”
“You have the most fucking incredible arse...my God, what did I do to deserve you?” he murmured again, still unmoving.
She closed her eyes and nodded in satisfaction. “I thought so. You’re unhappy because Daddy goes out with ladies instead of you.”
What happened next was a mystery to all involved. One second, John and Sherlock were seated in the back seat of the boat, with a goodly length between them and the next boat in line; the next, Sherlock found himself in the water, being held down by a pair of strong hands that were tightening around his throat. He couldn’t hear anything but the rush and pounding of blood in his ears as he struggled for release and breath.
That high-boned face went flat again. “Nothing. I am beyond salvation. I have no reason to continue.”
The ambulance screamed into the hotel parking lot, where paramedics tumbled out and ran to the pool out back. In minutes, they had an IV in place, had used a clotting spray, and were loading the girl onto a stretcher. John found a towel and wiped the blood off his hands as the police arrived. A middle-aged officer came straight up to them. “You the one who called the police?” he asked, all business.
“You all right?” Sherlock inquired, solicitously, as he ceased his downward trajectory, limbs locked in position.
them. They gave up the privilege of being my sons when they embarked on a life of crime. I love you both like the sons I no longer have. I’ve used the money they sent me to keep your rent low and to help you out occasionally, as I could.” She bent down and kissed John on the top of his head, then turned and, going up on her tip-toes, kissed Sherlock on the cheek. “You’re my Baker Street Boys, my surrogate sons. I’d do
“That is the only number I know,” Sherlock lied. That had been the emergency, ‘I’m in deep shit’ number he had never used before.
Initially upon awakening, he had wondered if he had been in an accident and was possibly in hospital, but it seemed rather obvious now that this was not the case. There were no hospital sounds around him and the bed upon which he lay was far too comfortable. These sheets must be
Sherlock nodded, his face immobile but his eyes never leaving the crumpled form of his husband. He stepped in and knelt down, taking John under the arm, and murmured, “Time to go home, John.”
I half-turned and snarked, “Well, if you and Lestrade wouldn’t mind giving me a hand here. John is nothing if not persistent!”
John’s firm voice said, tight with pain, “No, Greg. One ambulance will be fine. I’m going with Sherlock.”
hands had reaped zero consequences, thanks to some timely intervention), who would have used medical sedatives for abduction, or Moriarty, who probably would have just had an assassin put a bullet in his head for convenience’s sake. No, this was clumsy, an obvious hired hand, used by someone who normally didn’t bother with such banal means of getting someone to come into his, or her, web.
They ate in relative silence, John observing his mate’s eating habits. Surprisingly, Sherlock dug into the food with what, for him, counted as gusto. He actually asked if there was any more and John emptied his plate onto Sherlock’s, against the other’s protestations. “No. You eat while the mood is on you,” John said. “I’ll make myself another one. I put in plenty of provisions.” He sighed and smiled in relief as Sherlock practically did a swan dive into his plate.
Long, agile fingers froze in mid-text. After chewing on his lower lip for a moment, Sherlock responded, “I have no idea what you’re talking about, John. Is this some sort of fantasy that you…?”
didn’t think they would be mad enough to make a move in such an open place! I apologize, John, and hope that you will forgive me.”
“Ha!” Sherlock laughed in derision. “John would sell me out in a heartbeat. He stays because I pay him well and he loves to fight. Other than that, he is tedious. More your style than mine.” He turned his head away and sighed dramatically. “What I have to endure...you have no idea.”
“Yup. I am wrapping you up so you feel warm and cared for. Once that has occurred, I will feed you tea and sandwiches until you are properly fed and hydrated, at which time we will watch a silly movie until you have regained your normal sensibilities.”
enough to attack us in a crowded park for all to see, but when you suggested going into a dark ride, well…” He shrugged. “I figured they might try something and we could get some more information…”
Sherlock smiled. “You believed what I led you to believe. That was how I kept people away. Only thing is, after a while, I didn’t want to keep pushing you away, but, by then, it was too late. You had bought the story in its entirety. You would never believe I was a real human being under that facade, no matter what I did.” He sipped his drink before putting down. “So which one of us was the greater fool?”
A finger flick to the face. “Ah, ah, AH, Sherlock, you talk nice to me or your partner pays the price for your insolence.”
“Hmph.” He sipped. “I love this flavor.” He took a long draught before setting the cup down. “We need a safeword,” he said, apropos of nothing.
didn’t exist in a physical universe, everything would try to happen at the same time, and the resultant chaos would be catastrophic. Linear time keeps things happening in an orderly fashion.” He explained all of this as if it was the simplest thing on the planet.
Sherlock snorted indelicately. “Please. If you know anything about me it’s that I’m not interested in the so-called ‘fairer sex.’ My interests lie rather closer to home.” He shifted his weight on the bed, trying to awaken his now-dozing limbs. This action was met with appreciative sounds from his hostess. “Mmmm, very nice. I’m sure Doctor Watson is quite pleased with himself for landing a catch like you.” Her words were honeyed but with a hard undertone to them. Sherlock guessed that she still held a grudge for both her previous rejection and her ultimate defeat at his hands previously.
“You’re holding back, and it’s affecting your relationship with your husband,” She observed, without even looking up from her phone.
“Woolgathering again?” the mellifluous voice jarred him from his reverie. Sherlock loomed into view, finally. He took a swig of John’s coffee, made a face, and handed it back. “How can you drink that stuff? Vile.
Deeply concerned, Lestrade led John to a quiet area by one of the pandas and sent an officer for a cup of tea, black. He stared at John, noting that he appeared to be in shock. I felt terribly guilty. I hadn’t realized my intrusion would have caused this kind of distress to my dearest friend in all the world.
He heard a throaty chuckle as she approached. “Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Well, well, whatever are you doing in my bed?” she inquired, all innocence.
The water splashed softly against the sides of the old high-sided tub in the 221B bathroom. A sulky face peered up from the water’s surface, bright blue eyes flashing in barely-suppressed anger.
“Did anyone hear a gunshot, either before or after the accident?” John piped up as he stood, stripping off his gloves as he rejoined Lestrade.
Sherlock leaned toward John and used his hand, thumb and finger touching, to punctuate his words. “Que...s'est-il...passé, Jean?”
A touseled head rose up and two silvery eyes glared at John. “No,” Sherlock said, flatly and with emphasis. “I don’t trust you anymore.”
Fucking wrong. He skidded to a halt, almost bouncing off the tall man in the long black coat who looked not one bit like Sherlock. John studied him carefully, just to make sure it wasn’t Sherlock in disguise. The elderly man stared down at him in confusion. Unless Sherlock had lost several stone and suddenly become Indian, John doubted this was him. He apologized profusely and scarpered off, his face hot with embarrassment.
to make sure you don’t have to suffer anymore, not like you’ve suffered for so much of your life. I...I
She smiled and swanned out of the parlor. John and Sherlock looked at each other in sudden realization.
Her head cocked to the side again, eyes wide. Sherlock reiterated. “Your daddy has issues that have been inside him since he was your age. It seems that
John sat where he was, smiling down at the floor. I walked over to him and laid a hand on his shoulder, emboldened by my ethereal state. “Good work, John.”
John face softened even more, if that were physically possible, and he smiled up at Sherlock. “Okay, love. Now, just sit back on it and take a deep breath to relax. Then bear down—it’ll open you up.”
was the night-owl, not John, but the doctor at the ER had given Sherlock some pain medicine to help with the aches from a mild concussion he had been dealt by a gun butt to the face, one that had been wielded by a druglord with evil intentions. Not for the first time that night, John’s brain had returned to its cyclic course, reviewing all the ‘what ifs’ of the past day.
“Get up, both of you!” she commanded in her incongruously bird-like voice, and they did. John even helped Sherlock regain his feet.
over the years. And every damned time, he has forgiven me, taken me back as though nothing has happened.” He dropped his head again. “I can’t keep doing this to him. I have to find the strength, somehow, to leave him...to
“Saucy git,” John muttered, as he wiped his chin dry. His pants now barely held back a screaming, striking python waiting to be liberated. He looked around to make sure they were unobserved, then stealthily slid his free hand underneath Sherlock’s greatcoat and, wonder of wonders, found that the detective’s pants were waging an
A quick nod. “Oui. Peut-être puis-je contourner le problème en utilisant le language écrit plutôt que l'oral.”
John’s head barely turned in acknowledgement but his eyes did not seek out Sherlock’s face. “What, that I was going to be late?”
“Good,” Mycroft responded, making no attempt whatsoever to assist his brother-in-law to his feet. “Now, maybe we can talk like
of a cupid’s bow. He looked crestfallen. When he tried to crawl back under the covers, John maintained his grip on Sherlock’s wrists, hauling him back upright. It was like trying to get a cranky child out of bed for school.
...he spattered his cum all over John’s chest as he gasped and moaned and rediscovered his prostate with John’s cock over and over again. He felt as though his entire lower body was going to explode from the heat and pressure and sheer ecstasy of it all.
again, weren’t you? Women in...” Sherlock cut himself off, then drew himself up to his full height in his indignation. “Why?” he spat, his normally beautiful face screwed up in anger. “Are you
He looked up at me in amazement. I gazed lovingly down at him and said, “There’s so much for you to experience, John. Are you ready?”
because you seem to be the more level-headed one.” He jerked his head at Sherlock and said, “I get the feeling this one would chuck it into a fountain somewhere.”
Lestrade gathered up all the papers on the table and thrust them back into the folder. “Sounds like a good plan to me. I’ll keep you informed 0n the progress of this case, but I think we’ve got it sewn up.” He nodded and said, “Good evening to you, John. Great work!”
“So would I,” Sherlock murmured, more to himself than to his charge before raising a finger in warning. “No splashing, unless
Sherlock levered himself up on his elbows. “No one. Someone has taken exception to my presence in Florida…someone who feels threatened and has been trying to scare me off. Not working, of course, but I do have some idea of who it might be.”
I felt my hand lifted and a kiss was planted on the back of it. I guess he forgot that I was awake, or he expected me not to notice, but I didn’t care. It
“NO! NOT THAT!” Jake howled as something glass shattered against a piece of furniture. “THAT WAS MY SALESMANSHIP AWARD! YOU BITCH!” Then, “Put…put the knife away, babe. It’s you, it’s always been you…”
Since he was halfway impaled already on John’s considerable length and girth, Sherlock made the decision to deal with his grumpy sex partner appropriately. Taking a deep breath and releasing it, he bore down one more time and engulfed the entirety of John’s massive edifice. The sensation of it filling him utterly snapped his last, tenuous connection to rationality. He moaned loudly just as John swore creatively and banged the back of his head on the headboard by accident.
“And that you would always keep me informed,” John continued, pointing his shaking index finger in Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock looked at Rosie, whose eyes were turned skyward. “Daddy’s having a temper tantrum again.” She clucked her tongue in disapproval. “How childish.”
Doyle nodded. “Let that be a lesson to you, son. Sometimes the strangest folk can be the most brilliant…
“Mmm, temper, temper, Sherlock! Of course it wasn’t enough! If Moriarty hadn’t blown his brains out on that rooftop, I would have been ‘skinned and turned into shoes’, as he had promised! As it was, I barely got out before his thugs found me. My poor Kate—she didn’t fare quite as well, I’m afraid. So, you see, this isn’t just for
John lost it. Again. Then he crawled into bed next to his husband and apologized for his unjustified assault on Sherlock’s bum with kisses and cuddles until they both fell asleep.
I drank it all in, including the flowers that rimmed the gate a small distance away. I don’t know what I had expected; according to religions, the Gates of Heaven are supposed to be huge and bright gold and imposing, but this was almost like the gate into someone’s well-kept yard. It was an archway with filigree that looked like burnished, timeworn gold, surrounded by a low wall made of crystaline stonework. It was beautiful, but very underwhelming.
“Yeah,” John nodded. “I think I’d like to see that. Considering those two little twats tried to kill my gorgeous, newlywed husband!”
“About the same as yesterday. The blood clots in his brain have not moved or grown, and the streptokinase is dissolving them slowly. I
One corner of John’s mouth quirked into a smile. “Perhaps, but I don’t think, ‘Oh, God, John, yes!’ should be it.” He sipped his own tea. “Too misleading.”
the boys if I ever went to Scotland Yard with what I knew! My husband was a druglord, a blackmailer, a womanizer, and a
translate to how it feels when it’s...” and he made a hand gesture indicating shoving something upwards, accompanied by an ascending whistle.
I stepped aside and watched as John blinked a couple of times before looking up at the Inspector in confusion. “Greg? What happened?” He looked around and shivered, taking note of all the faces staring at him in near-horror. “I’m freezing!”
John ignored him. He bent his attention solely to the irregular pecking out of letters on his laptop.
be very affectionate and physically intimate in bed, he had yet to move past that reserve as far as the rest of the flat was concerned. After all, their new relationship was
John blew a deep breath out his nose. “First off, Sherlock, she’s not a head-shrinker, she’s a psychologist. And, no, she isn’t suggesting any such thing. She’s concerned about you, just as I am.” He spoke softly, trying not to provide any ammunition for Sherlock to lob back at him. “You know as well as I that you’ve changed. Ever since…”
me to be unable to go to crime scenes and use my intellect to solve them. Better a trip to Hell than that. At least, in Hell I could have some very interesting conversations with Satan. John had often said that I played Devil’s Advocate a bit
Except he hadn’t. Instead, he had became the best friend any man could want. Even won over Mary, for God’s sake. How was he supposed to get over his feelings for Sherlock when Sherlock was right there, all the time, being just the best person he could ever be? But, no, John’s own trust issues had come roaring back to the surface, demanding to know how he could ever trust Sherlock again, when the real issue was, how could he ever trust his own instincts again? After all, John had hated Sherlock for having faked his death and disappeared for two years—but it had been done to save him from Moriarty’s cartel. Sherlock, the man he no longer trusted fully, hadn’t shot Mary, but, rather, Mary, the woman he had chosen over Sherlock, who had shot his dearest friend in a selfish bid to keep her assassin past a secret. Having made those kinds of miscalculations, how could John ever trust his own decisions again?
Rosie’s face screwed up in distaste. “I didn’t like her. She giggled too much, and her voice is too high. It hurt my ears.”
The server carefully picked up the vase and carried it gingerly into a serving area, still wearing the same look of fright and disbelief as before.
The officer turned back to staring at Sherlock as he replied, “Okay, thanks. You know…” he pointed at Sherlock,”you look familiar…”
Without further ado, John grabbed the tube and, as Sherlock straddled his hips, he slathered Sherlock’s entrance with its contents. It was cool at first, but John’s diligent attention to his anus soon had Sherlock completely distracted. One finger, two fingers, three...It was a good things Sherlock was already on his knees because they would have given out by now if he had been standing.
“Oh, yeah, Shezza’s friend. I remembah you. You sprained me ahm that tyme at the drug‘ouse, but no ‘ard feelin’s. So, wot’s up? Why ya callin’ this phone?”
“It’s okay, Papa. I still love you,” she said, softly, before becoming angry again, “even if Daddy is acting like a skunk.”
of figured that out, what with you saying you want me to enjoy sex more and all,” Sherlock joked. “Even though I already
the physicality. In other words, my hand looked just like my hand, and I was dressed in one of my usual suits rather than in a dressing gown, as my body currently was. Obviously, this was my concept of myself and was being projected as such. I foolishly turned to look in the mirror and saw nothing.
“Yes. Our fox has finally showed her us her tail,” Mycroft said, by way of analogy. “She and her fellow Renard are in the wind now, along with his baby.”
to be saved,” came a soft, well-modulated baritone from the shadows. “Have you ever thought of that?”
“Indeed. Tell me, how is the family? I have so little time to visit, if you’ll excuse the expression.”
Still wearing a seductive smile, Sherlock took a step or two toward John. This set his entire outfit into motion, something John’s cock felt
With one last shiver, John collapsed. As his erection faded, Sherlock loosened his limbs and lay bonelessly beneath his lover. Panting, neither one addressed the other; they just lay together, basking in a hormonal bliss that would be gone all too soon.
In the hallway, Sherlock posed in his garb, arms over his head, forearms resting against the walls, hips canted, eyes smoldering. As John watched, he
“DNA was in its infancy back then. Mistakes could have been made, samples compromised, or results faked. Check out the coroner, too. Whoever had any contact with these samples. I’ll wager that someone, or something,
Sherlock huffed a chuckle. “You? No. Light as a feather. Just checking I haven’t lost anything important when you took me apart.” He nuzzled his cheek into John’s shoulder. “How’re you doing?”
we could have evacuated them properly, but some of them were a little too close to crucial brain structures to attempt.”
“Because you and I both love Sherlock, each in our own way, and I will not stand idly by as you hurt him yet again.”
him!” The sound of coherent plasma blades striking each other was sharp and staticky. “He’s in the brig as we speak!”
that voice, could listen to it all day and, frequently, did. Hell, he’d listen to that voice read the
arms around Sherlock and kissed back, equally ardently. When their lips finally, reluctantly parted, Sherlock murmured, “You’re amazing, incredible, fantastic...”
“There, there, now, ma petite, it is all in the past, but sometimes, things from the past are very difficult to overcome because they are so deep inside us.”
, at least. I was beginning to wonder.” Sherlock said, verbally poking at him with a sharp stick. “You know, the last time we met, I got more information out of
“Of course not,” Mycroft replied, soothingly. “He’s...so much more, isn’t he?” A pause. “To you, I mean.”
to be paraphrasing many of Sherlock’s statements, possibly at the request of one of Lestrade’s higher-ups who knew Sherlock’s second-hand reputation.
I must admit, I was on quite a roll that time. I pointed to the unkempt officer and yelled, “And how do you expect anyone to solve a crime when that one, over there, has already rifled the victim’s pockets because of his gambling addiction, for which his wife has recently left him?”
the woman who had married a drug lord and was made to endure abuse and disgrace throughout her life. This was not Mrs. Hudson, their kind landlady. This was a one-time exotic dancer, a wild-child, a moll, a woman with terrible secrets. “They were my sons
John released Sherlock’s upright cock and pulled his lover’s head down for a deep kiss. “All up to you, love. I can wait.”
“You know, I think I need the loo,” John remarked, out of nowhere. He looked around but there were no nearby outbuildings in sight. “I’ll just nip down to the dunes here and take a piss.” He pointed accusingly at his husband. “You don’t move from this spot, understand?”
Mrs. Hudson sat down on the edge of Sherlock’s deep-slung chair. “So, how did you boys like Florida? Did you have a nice time there?”
“Wait a second, Doc. Wot do we do wiv the bastard?” He jerked his head back toward where Whitey sat, still surrounded by the homeless mob.
John chuckled again. “When you walked over, I was using a search for women’s underwear to find what I wanted. It wasn’t porn, love. Although,” he added ruefully, “sometimes those catalogues can kind of
of you, you need to be looking for that darling little girl, not beating the pants off of each other,” she chided. As she lowered the weapon, she said, “Now, get out there and find her! I’ll keep looking around here!?” When they hesitated, she shouted, “GO!”
“We weren’t together then,” John clarified, nervous about the direction this conversation had taken.
A gentle nudge broke the spell. Sherlock’s beautiful face softened with a smile and his icy stare became liquid metal, warm and fluid. “So what were you thinking about while I was over there?” he teased, reaching up and brushing John’s hair away from his face. A breeze had picked up, wisping the strands into John’s face.
John reached up and stroked Sherlock’s face to calm him. “You won’t, love,” he whispered. “I’ll show you how. Now, is this something you want to do? Maybe I should have asked that first.”
Rosie fed herself some more creamy goodness before answering. “I wanted you and Daddy to have your date!” she replied, as if it was the simplest thing in the world.
you were going to do this. I even made a wager on it with a friend of mine.” He shook his head before raising it to peer into my eyes. “You can always go back, Sherlock, once you’ve crossed...”
He nervously licked his lips as he pondered his next move. John was a man of action and just hanging around the flat while others did the necessary leg work was abhorrent to his nature. Before he could give it a second thought, he was down the stairs and out the front door, ready to hail a cab, when his mobile rang. It was Billy.
A lovely shade of pink crept over Sherlock’s face and his eyes dropped self-consciously. They had only recently become lovers, and Sherlock had proven himself to be remarkably shy initially, no doubt due to painful rejections he’d received in the past. John kissed the corner of his overfull lower lip and nuzzled his cheek. “We’ll manage, love. We’ll manage.”
John scrambled to his feet in fury, diving at Mycroft with his fist cocked. Mycroft watched him until, at the last second, he pivoted to one side and tripped John with a well-shod foot, then watched as the smaller man stumbled past him and slammed into a column face-first.
John looked up at Sherlock with brows raised but met only an unreadable expression. “Well, what do you think, Sherlock? After all, it’s your bed...”
“Now, pull back and insert another finger. Again, take it slowly, let me adjust.” As Sherlock pressed the second finger in, John’s back arched and he cursed, “Ah, shit, that’s so good, babe, so good, keep going, keep going, fuck,
Sherlock’s smile broadened in a way that told Lestrade he was in for it. However, before Sherlock could open his mouth, Lestrade lifted the crime tape and ushered both of them under it.
it. At one point, he pulled both Lestrade and the interpreter aside and unleashed a torrent of abuse upon them that John never did document, since the interpreter quit on the spot. Lestrade’s face said it all—
he asked, voice impassive, as if he were examining a new specimen and not his own hand. When John looked blank, Sherlock grasped one hand with the other and stated, clearly, “Centre moteur? Bon ou mauvais?”
“Now, squeeze some of it out into the hand you’re going to use. Don’t be stinting with it. Where you’re going, we really don’t want friction burn.”
She practically fluttered her long eyelashes at him. “Do you worry about me too, Papa?” she said, endearingly.
Wiggins shifted from foot to foot nervously. “Well, Doc, we done found ‘im, all rite, ‘e’s in th’ pub on th’ cornah, sittin’ in a windah seat.” He stole a peek toward the building in question, then gave John a warning eye. “Ya bettah be careful, Doc, ‘e’s a mean one, ‘e is. An’ we don’t know if’n ‘e’s got enny friends wiv ‘im.”
She grinned suddenly, like the flash of a laser. “As long as you and Daddy are around to help, right? That’s what Daddy always says.” She leaned forward and kissed him on the tip of his nose.
“No, of course you didn’t,” he agreed with a sad smile before turning his attention back to his tea.
I can’t take them out on Sherlock! He’s a bloody wreck, and it wasn’t his fault! That psycho-bitch Irene tortured him half out of his mind and I can’t even take it out on
?” He put his hand up and shook his head to forestall any further protestations. “Never mind, I don’t even want to know. Next time you have this sort of issue come up, George, call the bobbies first,
“Not your fault, and not your problem” his brother replied, shaking his head slowly even as his eyes followed John’s retreat. “
John stood nearby, furiously taking notes. He had long since gotten used to Sherlock’s displays of deductive brilliance intellectually, but
A long-fingered hand reached up to brush the silver-blond hair away from John’s face tenderly. “I love you, John. I have never loved
He could feel his own cock hardening even more, until it felt like it must be made of tungsten steel. The need...God, the
I froze. John looked up toward the center of the room. “No, I can’t hear you,” he said, “but I could feel...something on my shoulder. A tingley, cool sensation. Just figured it was you.” He snuffled. “Wish you were here, in the flesh.”
, Sherlock. He won’t accept it from anyone but you. You are the only one, besides myself, who knows who she really was, and what she was doing.”
Just when he’d started entertaining thoughts that being in a relationship with Sherlock the Sociopath might not be quite as bad as he thought it could be, Sherlock had died. More specifically, Sherlock had thrown himself off a building. To save John, although he didn’t realize that until much later. And, honestly, that just made everything that came after it that much worse. The guilt, the anger, the depression...he’d almost jumped off a building once or twice himself.  He’d even taken out his gun from time to time and toyed with it. Yet, there was always a niggling bit of doubt, that unshakable faith that Sherlock would return somehow. The occasional glimpse of a tall, long-coated figure ducking around a corner. Cryptic texts from no one. A familiar face through a window that disappeared before he could react. These things kept him insulated, isolated from everyone. Except Mary. She had actively worked to get under his skin, to make him move forward, to tell him there was life after Sherlock.
“What can I do to make you feel like I love you and care about your well-being, love?” he reiterated. His voice was soft and one hand reached out to stroke the mass of dark curls that had escaped the top of the comforter.
Sherlock glared up at him. “You know I become largely unintelligible once sexual contact is initiated!” he accused. “I couldn’t have said, ‘no’ if I’d tried!”
“Shut up!” They all yelled back. Toby sulked before unloading another barrage into the main entryway, taking out a few Storm Troopers in its wake.
John turned around to face the homeless network. “Do any of you know of a nice, private place where I can blow this wanker’s face off without interruption?”
The bundle moved and squirmed, stretching out its legs a bit while mumbling something in an irritable tone. It tried to buck John off, without success. John could be quite tenacious, once provoked. More mumbling ensued.
John took a deep breath and let it out softly as he rested his head in his hand, elbow on the desk. “Of course, Mrs. H. Will do.”
John was not a great typist, so it was fortunate that the GPS tracker program had a user-friendly interface that allowed him to set the system in motion with a minimum of fuss. When the ping was finally triangulated to a location, John had expected to see that Sherlock was at St. Bart’s or NSY. Instead, the phone pinged off a tower located near a string of bars known for their seediness and penchant for creating corpses. John swore softly as he got up to check the coat rack behind the door. No, the belstaff was definitely gone, so Sherlock couldn’t possibly be in disguise as a drug addict or derelict, two of his favorite costumes for undercover work. The coat was far too posh and unmistakable to wear on
“BOTH of you piss off,” Lestrade cracked as he hefted his gun. “I’m making a run for my ship. You two can stay here and flirt, but Toby and I are taking back the London!
do you keep running off on your own without telling me what’s going on?” John howled in fury as he turned on his husband. He was pacing in circles in the middle of the parlor, his hands in constant motion, gesticulating wildly. He hadn’t even removed his jacket yet because the tirade had started as soon as the front door was closed. Slammed, actually. “You
Sherlock shot bolt upright on the bed, supported on his arms. His eyes were wide; his expression, shocked. “
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, for God’s sake, Mycroft, let the man go. Why must you be such a show-off? He won’t learn how to obey properly if you kill him!” He favored his older sibling with a disapproving look.
Doyle just shook his head as he got up from the table. “Frankly, Mr. Holmes, if it were anyone else asking that question, my answer would be far different…” he said as he nodded and walked out of the restaurant.
Revelations come fast and furious at the end of John and Sherlock's Sex Holiday. Will valued relationships survive?
? Are you telling me that you can’t recognize a carving knife wound in the arse as possibly being either a marital squabble or a drug-related injury? For God’s sake, man! You should have just called Scotland Yard and been
should have had something to eat before embarking on his hours-long drinking binge. If Sherlock were here, he’d have something pithy to say about it. Pissy, too. Pithy
!” The word blurted out before John could stop it. Sherlock drew himself up straighter than usual, a mildly hurt expression on his face. Normally, John would laugh at the slight pout of that over-full lower lip, but, right now, it just felt like manipulation. “’Consideration?’ You call nipping off,
“I love you, too, sweetie,” he replied with uncharacteristic emotion. She giggled as they separated.
Lestrade’s voice came over to the bed and the mattress dipped with his weight as he worried at the knots holding Sherlock’s wrists prisoner. John blindly touched Sherlock’s face, then pulled off his blindfold. Sherlock blinked at the brightness of the room, finally having to close his eyes against the glare and just listen to the tale as it was told.
Rosie nodded. “Uh huh,” she verified, with the cockiness of youth. “Daddy was running away from you, Papa, so I had to help out.”
contents. He palmed it and was rewarded with a sudden hiss as Sherlock unceremoniously brushed his hand away.
Over time, I communicated less and less with John, but John just seemed to know when I was around and would talk to me as though he was sitting in the room with him, which, indeed, I was. He discussed cases with me and, upon the occasion of a real stumper, I would provide a supernaturally-obtained hint or two, which he never questioned, although he always did his research to verify how it fit into his theory. It was a very comfortable life.
same thing she wrote to me when I was working on the case against her husband.” He walked away, still carrying, and reading, the note. John sighed and watched his husband’s gorgeous bum appreciatively.
“And my mother did nothing about it,” John admitted bitterly, his jaw tight, one hand balled up into a fist. “She blamed him for my sister being a lesbian because, after she came out, he had...” His eyes squeezed shut, as if he didn’t want to see the image in his mind. “He forced himself on her over a number of years, claiming he was ‘teaching her that sex with men was better than with women’. It was...
Sherlock surged forward in his chair, turned his body sharply toward John, and yelled, fiercely, “DO NOT FAULT THEM FOR YOUR OWN SHORTCOMINGS, JOHN!”
He shook his head to clear all thoughts of his husband, back home, all alone, and probably freaking out by now because John had turned his phone off. He just wanted to be alone. Except, maybe, having a little company wouldn’t be such a bad thing if it’s…
John nuzzled the side of Sherlock’s head and kissed him. Sherlock relaxed even more, practically melting against his partner.
The feeling of having his arse filled by his lover’s cock, with all the myriad of nerve endings there, combined with his stroking himself off and having his nipples sucked and nipped, was
“You can ask her yourself tomorrow, when we get back,” John said, as he stood. He walked over to his husband and removed the note from his still-clenched fist. “I’m sure she had a reason, Sherlock. Maybe she didn’t want
“All I could think of was how you could have done it better. How your lips were fuller and more passionate, your fingers more clever and agile...so, basically, I stopped because she wasn’t you. And I didn’t go back afterwards for exactly the same reason.”
Returning to the parlor, John gently unfurled the comforter over the recumbent blue bundle of anti-joy on the couch. It barely moved as the coverlet settled about him except that strong hands grasped one section of it and pulled it tightly over its face. With a smirk and a chuckle of determination, John plopped down on top of the form and tightly surrounded it with his arms and legs while resting his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder.
He picked up his coffee and waited. It took a bit longer than he had hoped for. So many questions! John just stood, one shoulder propped against the old red brick of the corner house, sipping from his cup while waiting for his flatmate to return.
The cup stopped midway to Mrs. Hudson’s lips. Her eyes sought out, first, John’s, and, then, Sherlock’s, before she lowered her cup and set it on the side table. Her hands clasped in her lap, Mrs. Hudson sighed and said, “I didn’t want you to know. I was
of underwear in there. Take your pick.” He turned his attention back to his phone, checking his morning emails.
A sweet but tentative smile drifted across Sherlock’s lips as he squeezed John’s hand, but his eyes were still shadowed. “Then what about your laptop…”
I would shag him in a flat second. I would fuck him through the mattress while panting his name into his skin. I would tell him he was beautiful, desirable, incredible, magnificent…
“Lestrade! Get over here!” he called back, gesturing urgently. Lestrade hustled over (I followed at a more leisurely pace) and leaned over John’s shoulder, staring at the crime scene photo in John’s hand. “What is it?”
“Yes, you are,” she replied, emphatically. “You spend more time with me than Daddy does. You take all kinds of jobs that you don’t like from people you don’t like so Daddy doesn’t have to work so hard. You take care of me and worry about me. Why can’t you be my Papa?”
Long pale limbs were woven around his body like a spider around a fly. A dark, curly-haired head was burrowed deeply between his shoulder blades. Slow, regular breathing indicated someone securely in the arms of Morpheus.
Sherlock sagged against the wall in relief before someone threw an orange blanket over his shoulders.
She nodded emphatically. “Yes, he said he gotten himself in a pickle and he doesn’t know what to do about it.”
A shake of the head, as if to clear it. “Sorry, sorry, drifted off there for a moment,” he apologized, yawning slightly. “Getting a bit late, y’know.”
“Oh, fuck, yes,” Sherlock agreed, his own breath quickening from the excitement of discovery and the administration of pleasure to his partner. He pulled back slowly, his fingertips searching, until they found it and rubbed into it. John hips shot into the air again, higher than before. “Fucking Christ!” he yelled.
< and I was standing in the parlor, beside the couch, looking around in wonder. The room was the same; it was
about it, as if thousands of voices were calling me to enter. Instead, I shrank back. Even though it was obviously
“Yeah, all right,” Lestrade nodded, defeated, one hand rubbing the back of his head as if he’d been struck by a 2x4. “Sounds like a plan, John. Can you…?”
“Uh huh,” the officer said, obviously not buying it. As he walked away, Sherlock hissed, “Why did you stop me?”
“He said that he could ‘beat the gay out of me’, but he also took advantage of me, just like he had with my sister.
Sherlock relaxed, releasing his pent-up anxiety with a sigh. “Satisfactory. I choose the subject matter.”
Sherlock looked mildly offended. “Not at all, John! Male dancers are not uncommon, they just dress and move a little differently. Mariyah has been teaching me...” without warning, Sherlock performed a perfect belly roll, both up and down, followed by a hip shimmy, “a great many things about male dance.”
Taking a step back toward him, Sherlock laid a gentle hand on John’s shoulder, non-threatening and supportive. “Go on,” he said, his voice soft as a kitten’s purr.
The look on Sherlock’s face, accompanied by his daunting, cross-armed posture as he straightened up, made the rest of John’s words die in his throat. His expression was thunderous, sharp eyes glittering with a warning as he looked down at his friend, lover, and flatmate.
“Oh, God,” John murmured. Ever since their first time together, Sherlock had become more and more insatiable in his sexual habits. Having let the genie out of the bottle, John was having a hard time controlling it. Forty years of celibacy, aside from the occasional wank to relieve tension, had left Sherlock touch-starved and increasingly wanton in his appetites. He was also fucking impossible to resist.
. Gone was the sardonic, superior smirk he usually wore when dealing with the outside world. In its place was an expression of complete, utterly-mindless pleasure; open mouth with swollen, dusky lips, with slitted, unseeing eyes. His expression was
live and you can be known as traitors to your corrupt and decadent government!” He seemed to find this concept
Sherlock seriously considered throwing the towel over his head and sneaking out under its cover but decided he couldn’t leave Rosie alone in the high-sided tub. Instead, he looked away and said, “I have no issue with any of the women your daddy dates...”
Uncle Rudy nodded sympathetically. “Yes, I’m afraid you are, nephew. I’m sorry you had to find out so late...”
John slapped the photo with his other hand. “Trumpet flowers, Greg! Look! All along the front porch!”
you’re done making silent commentary on my husband’s and my eating habits, Agent Doyle, how may we assist you?” Sherlock asked, grabbing a pickle from his husband’s plate and exaggeratedly popping it in his mouth. John growled.
John painfully sat up and Sherlock helped him place some fluffy pillows behind his back. John jerked his head to the bedside table. “Lube in the drawer. The rest is my job.”
. You were telling me things—things I had never known about you, about your past. And then, one day, you just…clammed
Mycroft rolled his head in exasperation. “Oh, very well,” he relented, without grace. He called out, “All bridge personnel! Eyes FRONT!”
“Whenever the two of you are finished silently communicating, I’ll tell you about my date,” John huffed as he walked over to his chair. Rosie had thrown her arms around John’s waist, so he ended up dragging his daughter behind him until he unlatched her and sat down. She curled up in his lap and sighed happily.
He tried to shift his limbs to assess his physical status but they, too, seemed to be tightly bound. Also, judging from the gentle movement of warm air on his skin, he was obviously quite naked. Not that Sherlock ever really cared about things like that—he viewed his body as transport, nothing more, and the fact that he was lean, long-limbed, and agile meant that he could move faster and with more precision than most people, something he could do naked
