For the Avengers annual secret santa, Clint gives Tony a cute elf hat. Tony doesn’t think it’s very funny but he wears it in a show of good humor anyway, grumbling all the while. Steve however can’t take his eyes off of Tony. He wants to wrap him in a blanket and give him hot coco with honey, he wants to tell him Christmas stories by the fire and have Tony smile at him sweetly. Natasha takes a photo with a grin on her face and Steve asks her to send it to him.
Steve stood up first and opened his arms to Bruce. "I'm fine, guys, it's fine,” said Bruce, holding up his hands. Thor stepped up and gently clapped a hand on Bruce's shoulder, squeezing the muscle.
“I guess I found a better reason to stay sober.” She shed the suit behind and revealed she was in a flight shirt and fluffy cookie monster pj bottoms. Steve cracked a smile. She came and stood beside him.
"Hey Nat, turn around. It looks like you've got a tramp stamp.”
"Doesn't mean I shouldn't treat you right," Tony said.
"And you're not? You see how there's a discrepancy in there?"
"Yes they are, I'll give them back. I'll just wear the toga"
“Guess so. We’ll have to battle it out.”
" So you admit you're worth admiring too?" Tony smirked but his face was turning pink.
Tony gaped up at him. "You like me too? Like, you really like me?"
“Tony…” Steve said softly.
"Get me to the bed," Tony ordered. Steve led them to the enormous bed and crawled on top, still holding Tony, before releasing him onto the bed so he could get a better look at him. Tony looked like the cat that got the cream as he splayed on the bed and Steve couldn't help but press his body against his and kiss him fiercely.  Tony writhed underneath him and he groaned at the friction. Tony wound his hands behind Steve's neck and he'd never felt more like a man than this moment with Tony in his arms. He felt like a light was going to start shining out of his chest to match how happy he was.  He steadied Tony's grinding hips with a calloused hand, and Tony whined at the need for friction. Steve chuckled and Tony pouted. Steve wanted to just eat him up, lick his way around his scars, familiarize himself with Tony's body. He leaned down, maintaining eye contact  so he was sure Tony was alright with it, and kissed his way around Tony's chest, licking the scars and gently scraping his teeth over his pert nipples. Tony groaned.
I'm pleasantly baffled any time my fics are bookmarked or subscribed to, and this fic is building subscriptions like I’m offering Gift with Purchase. (Shameless fanfic joke.) Thank you! This fandom is always interesting and engaged, so I don't know why I'm surprised.
Bucky sat up, grinning. “That what we’re saying, Stevie?”
“You’re the boss.”
“Not—not
Steve liked the casual mess of it. He liked the evidence of their lives together, left out in the open—liked to see the work they were doing, liked to watch them all figure things out. He was proud of that work, even if he sometimes worried he wasn’t giving them enough to work
“Stay calm,” the man who was very clearly
“You didn’t like him?” Peter said, voice unusually small. “Oh.”
Steve struggled not to frown. “How’d she find out about classified tech?”
Steve pulled a little harder on his cock, spreading his own wetness over it. He imagined those long, tough fingers working, quick and clever, and looked down to watch.
There were two more gunmen in the alleyway—an alley, a fucking alley, there were cars passing by 20 feet away—and they were all aiming their weapons steadily at Tony’s chest. He couldn’t run. He wanted to scream, but that couldn’t possibly end well for him. A navy-blue van idled nearby, side door slid open. Inside the open door of the van, another man waited with hands clasped. He was tan, dark-haired, short and sleek. Expensive tuxedo. Goatee. Tinted glasses. Red and gold cufflinks,
Tony:
a prostitute advised him. He tucked Tony back into his pants, carefully, and zipped him up. “No one here wants to hurt you.”
‘interesting’ and ‘handsome.’”
James Rhodes’s expression went even more thunderous.
Tony waved him off, and led the Captain over to his cleared desk.
“Oh, he’s a smart-aleck who isn’t impressed by you in that uniform?” Buck nodded. “That’ll be of no interest to you, o’course.”
“What kind of situation?” Steve said, lips and shoulders tight.
his father, if a bit awkwardly, before turning in Tony’s direction. Teenagers who hugged their parents should only exist on TV. Tony crossed the room with his Public Smile firmly in place.
(Steve chopped the thought short. It didn’t matter. Mr. Barnes had been dead for twelve years, and he’d loved Steve. In his way.)
“Say yes.”
So. This was Peter’s dad.
Tony grinned his relief as he got to his feet. “Please do. Let me know what you decide. My email is always open.”
what we are saying. I didn’t even like him.”
“What you doin’ here, Steve? You were already in at daybreak.”
Steve tossed the sweaty uniform into the wash basket and scrubbed a hand through his hair. He didn’t know why he was maudlin today. He just kept hearing Mr. Stark saying ‘
“Wade fucked off again, calling in ‘sick.’” Phillips’s air quotes were the stuff of legend. “I’m stuck here ‘til closing. What’s your excuse?”
“You’re straight. And you probably would, if you met him.”
“What the fuck?!”
I welcome corrections for spelling, grammar, and the like. Please refrain from concrit comments, as it derails my work (while I obsessively research canon and reevaluate plot because I am a perfectionist with ADHD). But feel free to ask questions and geek out about canon callbacks.
“Yeah!” Peter’s brown eyes lit up. “Riri Williams! She’s a freshman at Columbia. Mr. Stark says she reverse-engineered some totally classified tech, and she was supposed to get in trouble, but Mr. Stark heard about it and got her into Columbia instead! Isn’t that cool?”
Steve typed out a group text to his team (slowly enough to make Pete twitch), letting them know about the morning meeting. He got back several immediate responses, but didn’t bother waiting for Clint; he’d be waiting all night, and Natasha would make sure his sharpshooter showed up. Goldie watched him patiently as he finally shut off the phone. Steve offered her his wriggling fingers. She licked them twice, then turned toward the door of the gym. “Sure, girl. I’m done here.”
He was staring down the barrel of a semi-automatic weapon. His hands went up. His penis went abruptly limp as the all the blood in his body rushed right into his chest. Tony’s heart was pounding hard to enough to hurt. “What the fuck?” he repeated, frozen in his seat.
“Good. Don’t overdo it. You’re always overdoin’ it.”
“Thank you for coming in,” Tony managed.
But Steve had shown up before his surgical transition, and Old Phillips (the owner) never batted an eye. He’d never commented on Steve’s spotty facial hair, his wrapped chest and sloped shoulders—only advised him to increase his protein and try out the rowing machine. When Steve went back to the gym two weeks after top surgery, Phillips only huffed, “Don’t be tearin’ out stitches, you damn fool! Come back when you can lift your hands higher’n your head.”
“No, I just meant—” Steve sighed. Again. “Really, kiddo. It was fine. He seems like a good teacher. Now can I get changed before you keep interrogating me?”
“I told you already. You weren’t listening. Now get out of the car.”
The boy gaped, and then started to giggle. “Oh—oh no, Mr. Stark! Nothing like that. My dad is
“Peter’s told me so much about you. Great kid you’ve got here.”
“Dad!” Peter interrupted, bounding into the room just as Steve got his coat hung and his shoes toed off. “How was the meeting? Did you like Mr. Stark? Did he say anything about underroos, because he just thinks it’s funny—”
Steve hung his belt in the hall closet he used for his own. He got the shower going, and avoided looking in the mirror. It wasn’t a good day for mirrors.
Two knocks heralded the arrival of The Dad. His real name, of course, was Captain Steve Rogers of the NYPD. Big name. The man behind the moniker did not disappoint.
Really?”
to pull out his phone. Jesus, he was pretty. His jaw was sharp and square, his lips full. Warm brown eyes and black hair, slicked back. Those
Stubble scraping against his thighs. Toughened fingertips. Short, soft hair he could grip in one hand, and shoulders strong enough to lean against.
“I might’ve heard that somewhere,” Steve said, and spun the lock on the safe.
Rhodey:
His best friend’s eyes met Tony’s, suddenly, and Tony had to look away. There was something very dark pulling at the edges of Rhodey’s gaze. Tony didn’t want to be sad.
Bank robbery? Maybe. If they managed to connect a few to the same crew, that’d definitely be worth Special Ops’ time.
a very powerful company. Point is: I know how to take a meeting. You’ve got nothing to worry about.”
Tony’s brain—his
An hour later, Steve jogged his way toward the front entrance of his gym, bag strapped across his shoulders. He’d been a member at Goldie’s Boxing Gym for more than two decades, and the place had changed less than it probably should. It was old school and uncomplicated—heavy bags, speed bags, rowing and lifting machines, a few of those dummys that the MMA guys liked. Two raised boxing rings. The fluorescent lights sometimes whined, the showers stayed cold, and there were corners that never, ever got dusted.
"Let me guess, you also like gals, wait, what?"
Steve looked at the ground, waiting with bated breath for Tony's reaction.
"I look good in the suit. Out of it I'm just a wreck. Tony, could you please leave? I'm fine, it's just a few cuts."
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and she leaned against his shoulder. He responded by resting his head on top of hers.
“Steve heals so fast I doubt even a real tattoo would stick”
"I'll see what I got. JARVIS? Do you know if i have anything like that?"
On the anniversary of Tony’s kidnapping in Afghanistan  Steve found her asleep on her feet as she worked, trying to push the memories away with 17 different projects at once. Dummy was putting out a fire and Butterfingers was poking her when Steve walked in. She started awake.
“Yeah”. He dragged his arms up her torso, feeling the strong muscles in her back contract as she leaned into the touch. He kept a hand on her hip and buried one in her long dark hair. She hummed in encouragement. She gently dragged her teeth over his bottom lip and moved her hands down to squeeze his ass. He bucked and she chuckled.
“We match now, Tony,” Steve says as he slips the hat over his ears.
“Assemble!” they bellowed, and raised their hands up. Thor kept his hand aloft and high fived everyone.
"I want you so bad," Tony growled, and pressed an open mouthed kiss to Steve's adam's apple.
"I do. You're hottt. With three t's."
"You're here for me?" Tony joked. "I'm the one patching you up, Rogers."
"There's even the little frosting swirl!" said Clint
Steve was quiet for a moment. "Alright," he whispered. "As long as you promise not to look"
"Sorry, I guess my mechanic hands aren't as gentle as I promised."
Steve shuffled forward to take the clothing. "No thank you, I think that's where I'll draw the line." His voice was half an octave higher than normal.
Steve pressed his head against the door and shut his eyes." But I am. The serum - you don't know what it did to my body. I look like a war zone."
"I'm the only one you want to be a Greek god for? I'm flattered."
"And you'd be a lot nicer on my lips," Steve challenged. There was a moment of disbelief before Tony launched himself at him. They were clumsy at first before Steve tilted his head and they found their rhythm. Steve wrapped a strong arm around Tony's torso, fireworks exploding in his stomach at the feeling of skin on skin. He brought a hand to Tony's jaw as Tony dug his fingers in Steve's hair and ministered to his mouth. he sighed into the kiss, and Steve clutched him closer. Tony gently dragged Steve's bottom lip between his teeth and licked inside. His beard prickled Steve's chin and he shuddered as a chill went through him.  He hoisted Tony up by his thighs and Tony eagerly wrapped his powerful legs around Steve's waist. Tony broke their kiss to trail nips down Steve's neck, licking the most sensitive spots as Steve panted.
“I’m sure you can use your imagination, ” Tony waggles his eyebrows and leans forward.
“You’ll have to wait until a portal to another universe opens up for that one. I’m Tony Stark.”
“What, not even me?” said Clint. Natasha thought a second before conceding.
"And it looks kinda pink." supplied Steve, who was wrapping his hands on the opposite couch.
“If I’m Michael then are you Holly?” Tony asks. Steve wraps his arm around Tony and tilts his chin up.
“It would be a team bonding experience! We should pair up and choose each other's tattoos!”
Steve learned just how distracting modern life was when he was on Avengers tower, with all its screens and technology. But when Tony invited him in her lab so she could take measurements for the new suit prototype she was drumming up, he felt all his focus grab onto her like lead shards to a magnet. She talked and babbled technological jargon he probably would never understand, and berated her bots and flirted with JARVIS. In her oil-stained jeans and cut up t-shirt she was the most riveting thing he’d seen this century. When she wrapped a measuring tape around his chest he knew she could've found some other way to get his measurements, and she was standing a hair too close for sheer scientific purposes, so when she looked up he leaned down to kiss her. She grabbed his neck and drew him down faster, pressing her body up against him.
Steve rolled his eyes and pulled Tony up into a slowdance. “I can find some things on my own you know. I have The Google.”
Tony cleans Steve up and Steve is shook by how attractive Tony is.
"Thanks, boo."
“Natasha and Clint would be paired up, then Thor and Bruce, then me and Tony. Sound good to everyone?”
Steve sighed. "I have some glass in my arm. could you help me get it out? Please?" Steve could tell Tony was smiling.
Steve shuffled his feet. " Yeah. I do.  A lot."
"I don't even have a single bruise," boasted Thor. Everyone booed him.
"Do they hurt?"
"Then take me," Steve whispered.
Tony sucked in a breath. "You're joking, right? Steve, You've gotta be joking, you're gorgeous. You're literally a perfect human being, how could you not be?" Tony edged closer, fumbling in the dark.
"Nada."
"You, Steven Grant Rogers, are beautiful. You're the most beautiful man I've ever seen."
"I still don't know what you mean."
“You’re Tony Fucking Stark,” he muttered.
“What’re you doing out here?” she asked when she touched touched down.
"Yes, the kittens are all dying because they can't outdo your cuteness. Stop that, you monster, stop smiling!" Tony cupped Steve's face in his hands. He leaned in for a clumsy kiss before dragging his hands lower, down Steve's neck and to his shoulders, feeling down the soft muscles of his torso. He slipped his fingers under the tank top and looked at Steve imploringly. "Can I?"
"Looks like I'd better make up for the lack of love you've gotten. That starts right now."
"What? They're not that small, don't be so full of yourself."
Steve goggled. “ You’re- Tony Stark?”
"Semantics." Tony bowed his head and bumped it against Steve's chest, nuzzling him. "You feel really nice. Safe. Warm. Kinda squishy but not too squishy. Squishy in a good way. Not that there's anything wrong with squishy-"
Double shit.
Steve sighed and crossed his arms. “I know, honey. I just don’t like the way they talk to you. You’re worth 10 of each of them.”
"You have first aid kits in every room? How accident prone are you?"
"I feel like I should be doing that for you. No one thanks you for all the work and money you put into the team, or how you're housing and funding all of us and making us all feel welcome and accepted."
"I'm happy for them, but I'm like the Grinch who stole Christmas, seeing happiness makes my
"Tony chuckled. "You got that right. I think half of my body at this point is scar tissue."
“That’s right, I do.” She stopped and turned to him, screwdriver falling from her hand.
"Of course." Steve gasped when Tony bent down and licked a gentle stripe up the tallest of the flames, smoothing his hands up the marks on his hips as he went. Tony nibbled Steve's neck and Steve squeezed him harder.
"What?" Natasha turned around, looking for the bruise herself. "Wow, you weren't joking, it really looks like a cupcake."
" No... They just feel vulnerable."
“Nah, it’s fine. Lay it  on me, what’s up?”
“I’m waiting for Mr. Stark,” he said. Her eye twitched.
grinned and held up a finger. "I get party tattoos."
There was silence on the other side of the door. "You're joking, right? Because there's no way in hell anyone could ever think you're hideous."
Steve sat back. "I'm yours." Tony's breath hitched again and he propped himself up and crawled over.
"The way you have been treated is abhorrent. None such as you should suffer at the hands of cruelty and fear. As long as we shall be on this team, I swear to you that you will be loved and appreciated."
“Stop quoting memes at me,” Steve whined.
They pull apart and Tony tries to swat Steve’s hand away from the felt ears he’s fondling but Steve grins and pulls the hat down over Tony’s eyes.
Steve laughed. "Not the kittens!"
“I should have never told you my mom didn’t marry my dad, you love that insult too much.”’
"What are you talking about? I could go on and on about each part of your body but since I don't want to creep you out or come on too strong I'm not, but you're gorgeous, Steve.  I'm not just saying that. Trust me, I wish I were."
"I'm here bub, what's up?" Tony looked up from a StarkPad. He was still shirtless.
Tony’s eyes went wide and she dramatically sucked in a breath. “Damn. That’s a hard one to lay on me, I’m not the best person to turn to for mental health advice. I’ve mostly drowned my problems in alcohol and sex in the past.”
see if it’ll stick?”
Alternate ending :
Steve pushed his wet hair off his forehead. Great. Just when he and Stark were coming to an easy friendship did he give Tony ammo to mock him with. This wasn't gonna be easy to deal with. The stretch marks were everywhere but his feet, ankles, forearms and neck. But Tony did have a point when he said his body would heal around the glass, he didn't want a repeat of him and Clint's BB fight; he still had that BB in his upper thigh. Tony came back with the Steve's favorite type of blanket, the soft and fuzzy kind. Tony averted his eyes as he handed it to Steve, who promptly sat on the toilet's closed lid and laid it over himself.
“You know you’re… part of that reason.”
“You- that’s. That’s the first time you’ve said that.”
//////////
“Tony,”
"Why the hell would you like me, I'm a wreck, you're perfect."
Steve took a deep breath, steadying himself. He pulled his pants up and tried to tug the tank top down to cover as much as possible.  He can do this he can do this he can do this it's fine it's just Stark. He took another breath and opened the door.
"Oh man, you're right!" said Tony, looking up from where he was sprawled out on the couch. "There's a bruise on your back that looks like a cupcake!"
"Uh, Tony? You still in here?"
“Thanks Bruce! So the 100 years of stamps collection was from you? That was so thoughtful!”
"I honestly would be okay with that. Could come in handy for some missions.”
“The one and only.” Her grin was a knife.
Steve frowned. "What's straight?"
“And look over here, I’ve got a hat that camouflages itself into any hair type you want.”
"I bet the other guy could leave quite a bruise," said Bruce. Thor froze and Bruce tapped his water bottle and smirked at him. He leaned back on the counter and took a sip.
“Hey Doll, listen to this song I just found!” Steve bounced into the common room where Tony was working on her ipad. She'd just come back from a meeting and was wearing his favorite suit, black with gold trim and a red tie.
What should I write next? Any requests?
"That doesn't seem too bad," everyone said in unison.
Did you catch that Human Torch reference? ;)
"Are you okay?"
"Party tattoos," repeated Steve.
“That’s right, I’m Tony Fucking Stark, and I don’t give a shit what people think of me, I won’t let a bunch of sexists pigs and bribe mongers in congress make me give up the Iron Man suit, or hand over the controls of my company to someone I don't trust. I got 4 doctorates by the age of 21, I privatized world peace, I sure as hell can do this too.”
"Can I touch you?"
“Avengers!”
"Gross! You big sap. I'm gonna return the favor, alright?"
"That's...pretty thoughtful. You really do take care of us, don't you?"
“Aaaaand that wraps up our secret santa gift exchange! Merry Christmas and happy Yule,” says Clint, gathering his new Hello Kitty paraphernalia.
"I thought I was doing that earlier before you stopped to compliment me."
Steve pants on the floor. "I don't want you to see me."
“Wait, Cap, you trust ME to give you a tattoo?”
" I'm bisexual!"
he continued, rubbing her back gently. He licked a stripe up her neck and Tony gasped, clutching his shirt. He backed them up into the sofa and tipped them onto it so she was resting on the seat while he crouched in front of her. He slipped his fingers into the waistband of her pants and looked up, asking for permission, Tony responded by raising her hips so he could slip them down. He kissed at her thighs, whispering love into her skin.
"I'm buying you pizza, get a tat of that?"
"Likewise. You're a great guy, Bruce." Steve settled his hand on Bruce's other shoulder. Tony groaned from the effort of trying to get up and Steve walked over to him, slipped an arm underneath him, and easily hoisted him up before setting him down and wrapping his arm around Tony's waist. Tony was speechless and red as Steve helped him walk over to Bruce. Clint snickered. Natasha elbowed him in the stomach. Tony pointedly ignored that in favor of savoring how simultaneously firm and soft Steve’s body was. Thor welcomed them into the Bruce group hug and Natasha heaved herself up, wincing, and walked over, tugging a grumbling Clint along with her. Steve smiled fondly at each if the members of his team, happy they were close enough that they were comfortable doing this, enjoying it even. Bruce chuckled when Thor rubbed his beard across Bruce's cheek and Natasha squeezed Clint's side in an attempt to tickle him.
"I'm gonna make you see how beautiful you are," he promised, caressing Steve's cheek. "This jawline," he sucked along the edge of it. "These gorgeous storm cloud eyes," he pressed a kiss to the corner of each eye and Steve ducked his head and chuckled. "That megawatt smile that threatens the existence of kittens,"
“Are you trying to seduce me?” said Tony, shrugging off her jacket.
"I'm supposed to be the one taking your breath away, remember?"
“You’re nowhere near as annoying as Michael, but since it’s Christmas I’ll be your Holly.”
Those words, coupled with Tony's tender expression sent a wave of flames down his body. Shit. Shit shit shit. God, he wished he had more than the World's Softest Blanket on his lap to cover up other places the blood had rushed.
"I'm gonna show you just how hot you are. "
Stark continued. "I mean, you don't feel too bad either, if it's any consolation." he went back to picking the last of the pieces out of his arm, unaware of the fact that Steve stopped breathing. Tony folded the gauze up, threw it in the trash, and grabbed a wipe out of the kit and wiped Steve's arm down.
”Wait here”, Tony says, storming out of the door that leads from the kitchen to the back yard.
”Oh, baby”, Tony murmurs appreciatively, and Steve rewards him by yanking his legs more apart, then kissing his way lower. His hand keeps taking care of Tony’s cock as he sucks Tony’s balls into his mouth, playing with the sensitive skin.
But he needs to find a way to let it go, or otherwise it will consume him.
Tony had promised, Steve thinks, drawing in a pained breath. His body is aching everywhere now that he isn’t using the toy anymore, like a thousand small needles being pushed into his skin.
Tony lays a hand on his shoulder.
”You could blame me for most likely destroying our chances of having more children. Possibly destroying our sex life for forever”, Steve says straight out. He’s calm, but Tony knows it’s just a mask.
we early today! tony's POV and nsfw, although it's kind of ;;;;;;
Really, he welcomes the thought of more human warmth in the bed. He’s got Emmett, of course, but Emmett’s not as much a comfort to him as he is a necessity, like an extension of Steve’s self. As crude as the comparison is, Steve might as well rip his own arm off and put it into a crib for the nights.
”Thank you, sir”, he offers. He’s not sure if the gag-punishment is over, but he could be thanking for the use of his mouth, right? He just wants to say it, and it’s one of his remaining rights.
”Jesus, are you listening to yourself?” Tony retorts. ”Why would you say something like that?”
”All right”, the therapist says before Steve can even begin to get over the shock from Tony’s words. He can’t believe Tony’s actually gone there, after what he just told him this Friday about his feelings on the subject. Only sheer power of will keeps Steve from storming off the session.
Tony smiles mischievously, pressing his mouth to whisper into Steve’s ear.
”’A day late and a dollar short’”, he had continued to muse. ”’Better late than never.’ That’s a good one, too.”
But it’s just the tip of the iceberg. As they dive deeper into Steve’s thoughts and fears, to his past, it soon becomes apparent that the childbirth, the chaos his hormonal system has been, has merely been a trigger that has invited unresolved issues from the past to the surface.
Steve slipped his arm under Tony’s head and pulled him close carefully so that the alpha’s back was met with his chest.
They spend a moment just breathing the same air, their eyes falling closed. Tony draws circles on the backside of Steve’s hand, his other hand wrapped around his omega’s neck. Slowly, his thumb starts to move lower until it’s finally ghosting over Steve’s collarbone.
”Forgiven”, he informs Steve indifferently.
”… It’s just an uncomfortable thought to me sometimes, since for me there’s never been anyone else but you. Not like this. And there won’t be.”
”I want to come on your face”, he continued, his breath hot in Steve’s ear. And with that, Steve was turned around again and coaxed to his knees to the floor. Tony laid one of his hands into his hair, taking himself into his other.
”You’ll survive”, Steve dismissed his complaint, leaning to kiss Tony’s throat. He looked at Tony.
“You still reek”, he said, smiling, leaning to kiss Tony again.
”If only I could go back. I would do so many things differently”, Steve had said quietly, sounding mostly like he was speaking to himself.
Tony’s breath is warm on Steve’s skin as he nuzzles his cheek. ”Please let me touch you, baby.”
”Morning. Uh, yeah, very unlikely”, he confirms, smiling a tad awkwardly. ”Listen, I’m very sorry, but there’s been a misunderstanding. I don’t actually need you here today.”
He comes hard, his rim violently trying to lock in a knot that isn’t there. It’s painful, and Steve whimpers. Why isn’t his alpha here?
Steve is so tired. He wishes Tony would just let him be.
And ironically, while he disliked how big his own body was after the serum, he found the fact that Tony was a little on the smaller side for an alpha adorable. He knew better than to use that word when expressing his attraction to Tony, but he really did love it. It was sexy, somehow actually emphasizing Tony’s alpha nature, the way he was fierce and determined and confident despite rarely being physically the biggest person in the room.
“Fuck, that’s perfect”, Tony sighs, groaning as Steve’s hips sway towards him slightly.
”Not entirely. Just want to be safe”, Tony answers honestly. When he’s got the fluid poured onto his fingers, he turns his attention back to Steve. ”Everything’s okay, honey. It might not even be what you think.  You’ve been through a lot lately”, he says, moving his fingers to rub against Steve’s entrance softly. He’d make a joke about his own skills just having gotten rusty this quickly, but he doubts Steve would find it funny.
Tony’s breath hitched a little as Steve pressed the tip of his finger past the rim, and he could feel a slight mental resistance in Tony through their bond. It couldn’t be helped; most alphas found it hard to entirely convince themselves to relax while receiving, as being in control came to them naturally – even when it was what they themselves wanted.
Kieran coos again, a smile spreading on his face.
Steve’s gaze meets Tony’s, his eyes welling again. ”Because I love you more than anything, and I think I forgot just how much, forgot that you are the most important thing in my life. I promise I won’t ever let that happen again, Tony, if you just give me the chance.”
Steve squirmed against the sheets at Tony’s words, his back trying to arch off the bed, but Tony let more of his weight to his hands to keep him down. The alpha’s whole demeanor was starting to remind that of a wild animal as he pounded into Steve’s heat, his grip nearly bruising where he held Steve in place. Not that Steve was going anywhere; his noises were getting louder and louder, Tony’s knot already swelling inside of him.
Although finishing a little behind, Tony’s the one to recover first. He mouths Steve’s shoulder as the omega keeps quivering and letting out satisfied noises from being knotted. Steve knows just as well as Tony that he might be catching already.
Steve listens to Nat fall asleep, or at least he thinks he does. She’s such a quiet sleeper that Steve’s never been able to tell for certain, even with his sensitive hearing.
His gorgeous, fierce omega, Tony thinks as he begins to move his hips. Perhaps
Tony was still too overwhelmed by the sensation of Steve’s walls clinging onto his knot to answer, but he was fairly sure that some kind of a pleased noise did leave him in response to the praise. His face was squished against Steve’s shoulder, his body practically a dead weight on top of the other, but Steve didn’t seem to mind.
”Twenty minutes past eleven.”
(See the end of the chapter for
”A bath, then.”
Steve’s also under the impression that Peter’s family isn’t exactly swimming in money. He hasn’t forgotten what that’s like and guesses that it would probably be nice for someone like that, especially a teen of Peter’s age, to get spoiled a little.
He turns onto his stomach, burying his face into the pillows and lets the furious tears he’s been holding back finally spill.
”Help me understand. Has our baby just turned into dust for –”
Tony’s eyebrows rise at his seriousness. ”All right. What is it, then?”
Steve touches his stomach instinctively, but when he realises what he’s doing, he pulls his hand away.
Steve looked at him stupidly. ”You don’t remember?”
It’s windy outside as Tony steps out to the backyard. Steve’s not exactly near the house, but he catches the sound of the door going despite the wind and glances at Tony approaching him, but keeps going with the rake until Tony reaches him.
”I know”, he admits, sighing.
Tony rubs his face. ”Then we would’ve raised a half-god, I guess.”
”I love you”, he breathed out.
”I nearly choked on my morning coffee”, Nat takes over. ”It just said to check up on you and that you were in heat. I rushed here and even I could smell it when I came into the room.”
For now, Steve’s been taking care of Tony by himself as much as possible. He combs, he cleans, he changes and washes. Dignity is one of the few things he’s able to give Tony right now, so it’s important to Steve that his alpha doesn’t need to rely on strangers with the harsh realities of a comatose patient that follow as a result of being completely unable to take care of yourself.
After he’d gotten back from his trip, Steve had walked around the town for a bit. Everyone had seemed to be out on the streets, adults and children alike, the Halloween celebrations clearly substituting for much more this year.
Tony stares at him, incredulity dawning on his features. He doesn’t know what to say.
”I’m tying you up, princess”, Tony informs him, ignoring the outright slutty motions of Steve’s lower body. ”Lie down onto your stomach.”
”I wouldn’t have enjoyed it”, he says, trying to avoid a straight answer. But it’s there, in between the lines, and from the way he leans away from him a little Tony knows Steve knows what he’s thinking. It cannot be a surprise – Steve must’ve known before what Tony’s choice would’ve been.
”That’s it, just like that.”
”Where’d he go?” he repeats, his voice getting panicked.
Tony kisses Steve’s shoulder, his hand caressing Steve’s thighs.
Tony cups Steve’s jaw, squishing his cheeks a little as he kisses him.
They go over his situation as quickly as possible, considering Steve’s already at the point where he doesn’t dare to get up from the bed because of the way he’s leaking. The doctor is an omega himself, so he isn’t affected by the scent, but Steve still feels disturbed and self-conscious. He’s rather old-fashioned in matters like these; heats should be something private between him and his alpha. It’s one thing to talk about heats with a doctor clinically during a health check, and another to have one present while being well on the way into one. No matter how professional the doctor is, he is still a stranger. Steve didn’t much enjoy having Nat and Rhodey see him affected by the heat either, even though he knows they are just helping. If there’s any silver lining to this, it’s the fact that there aren’t any alphas around who could constantly smell him from god knows how far. There’s only one alpha his heats have ever belonged to.
There’s nothing that can be said, no words will ever fix this. Steve holds Tony carefully, feeling his pain, their pain, as Tony’s chest heaves against him. He feels guilty about the slight feeling of comfort from not having to bear this loss by himself anymore. He’s just been so alone.
”You’ve lost weight”, Bucky says as they sit down together.
”Okay, good”, the therapist cuts in. ”This is easier when we’re all on the same page. So, Tony, what do you think made you react like that to what Steve told you?”
As quietly as his state allows, he sneaks into the dark bedroom past its ajar door. Steps unsteady, he stops by Emmett’s crib on a whim, leaning in a little to see him sleeping peacefully.
”Okay?”
Still, even like this, being near Tony soothes Steve in a way. Just the two of them, in the calm of Tony’s dimmed hospital room, the only noises being the beeps from the machines, the regular sighing of the ventilator, the tick of the clock on the wall. Actually, it’s quite a lot of noise if you listen to it, but Steve doesn’t mind these sounds. The beeps tell of Tony’s heart beating, the sighs that air is getting into his lungs, the ticking of seconds passing with Tony still here with him.
Okay, Steve thinks, taking a deep breath. Time to rock the world of one Tony Stark.
He kissed his way to Tony’s ear and felt rough hands cup his ass.
”I’ll wash you”, he says gently, stroking Steve’s hair back, and Steve couldn’t possibly love him more.
”I missed you”, he mutters against Tony’s lips. ”Bastard.” He doesn’t mean it at all. Well, maybe just a little, just enough that his tone makes Tony let out an unsteady hum.
”Tony Stark, Steven Rogers? I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me to New York.”
”Shh, Kit, in a second.” He crouches down in front of Steve, searching his eyes with his own.
”I know. Me neither.”
”You know what I’m going to do?” Tony pinches his nipples roughly, making Steve jolt, and when he starts to fondle them Steve’s back arches off the bed at how good it feels. He moans, eyes fluttering open to see Tony smiling at him slyly.
– even if Tony can rarely be seen in it nowadays, Steve is surprised if the suit isn’t mentioned at least three times before dinner every day.
”Help me”, he says defeatedly. ”Please.”
He’s surprised. Yes, there is. Like ”fuck you, Tony”.
”I’m not dying”, he clears, aiming to get the most important bit out first.
It starts with an inability to sleep. The babies aren’t directly the reason, both of them eating and sleeping well with minimal crying. Still, Steve finds himself fluctuating between rolling in bed and getting up to check on them during the nights. Tony thinks it’s just over-worrying at first, and so does Steve.
”Oh my fucking god, Steve, okay, I get it already”, Tony stopped him, but he didn’t quite manage to mask how much Steve’s words had affected him.
Whew. That's quite a chunk of Andmoreagain finally out. Thanks to everyone who has been following this story. <3 It's been an exciting couple of months, and your love and comments have meant the world to me. Thank you.
”This is good news, right?” Nat puts in. ”Have you eaten?”
Steve stares at him stupidly.
”Maybe I should get one”, Steve says dryly, not looking at Tony. He’s pushing the food around his plate apathetically.
”Shh”, Thor shushes him again, rubbing his back comfortingly. ”Everything is temporary, my friend, including this feeling.”
The world was quickly out of any control for Tony again as Steve begun to devour his way back up to his cock, nipping at his thighs softly and stopping to mouth his balls on the way. His cock was buried back between Steve’s lips, and then there was a finger rubbing against his hole, the touch so light Tony was sure he’d lose his mind. A tortured noise escaped his throat – he needed more, much more, but Steve was just bobbing his head up and down on him, almost leisurely, the finger teasing and massaging around his entrance.
”Please”, Steve pleads, kissing Tony’s jaw frantically and wrapping his hand around Tony’s cock. Tony strokes his hair, moaning a little.
”I don’t know, Bucky”, he starts difficultly, setting his beer bottle down to the grass. ”I can’t imagine you’d want to hear about him.”
It’s relatively quiet in the kitchen as Steve steps in twenty minutes later. Sitting down with a cup of coffee, he wonders if Tony has told the twins to calm it down for his sake. Both of them are sitting and eating their french toasts peacefully, and Steve rolls his eyes at the look of their plates; Tony’s clearly decided to go with bribery this morning.
”I told you to stay away! Why –” his voice breaks, and he punches his fist to the wall loudly enough to make Steve flinch. ”Why can’t you ever do what I ask?” He knows he sounds miserable. Beaten.
”Steve. One thing doesn’t always mean the other”, the therapist tells him gently. Steve looks at her with a frown on his face.
Emmett just sighs, scrunching his face against his small hands sleepily.
”Listen carefully, son. When daddy was in Afghanistan…”
Sure, Steve knows that these sessions can get him as close to feeling drunk as he can get, but he doesn’t see how that matters.
Tony’s face is a mix of emotions, but the main one Steve picks up is relief. His eyes shine, and Steve kisses him again, tender like his heart is bleeding.
”Ahhh, fuck, that’s so good”, Tony curses. ”Ride me, honey, please.”
. I just wanted to wait until you were feeling a little better.”
Tony woke up to the sensation of a tongue licking the underside of his ear. At first, he stirred, craning his head sleepily to get away from the wet disturber, before he was hit by the heady scent of heat and slowly remembered what was going on.
”No, I’m not”, he said, offering his hand to Tony, who took it and lifted himself up. Steve studied his balance briefly, but it seemed that Tony wasn’t too medicated not to walk on his own. They made their way to the bathroom.
”Look, honey”, Tony slurs after a moment, his eyes flinching back up, but Steve’s already gone.
“You meant that, didn’t you?” Tony asks finally, turning his face so that he can see Steve. Steve is instantly reminded of Tony asking him out drunkenly that one Saturday.
Tony notices that it’s worse than they thought at first, too, but he seems to think it has to do with tiredness and tries to fix it by taking care of the babies for the majority of the time. He also hires help to be there when he can’t.
The doctor gives him a sympathetic look and Steve can see that he doubts him.
”We’re lucky Clint smelled you”, Rhodey tells him, pulling him out of his thoughts.
Steve nods, swallowing around the ball in his mouth, and Tony leans back, taking in the sight. ”I should take pictures of you.”
”I’m not gonna do that!”, Peter says, sounding almost petrified.
And Steve watches. Tony starts entering him and Steve’s mouth opens into a delirious moan, the feeling so perfect, so whole that his eyes threaten to fall closed from the pleasure. But he forces them to stay open, to see the vulnerability on his face as Tony finally, finally gives him what he needs. His moan breaks into another as Tony buries himself to the hilt, his jaw jerking as he nearly breaks into tears at how good it feels.
”Yes, sir.”
”Ask nicely, alpha.”
“Fuck no”, Tony rebutted. “I’ll puke all over your pretty dick.”
, never mind staying.”
”Okay”, Steve nods. He picks up the controller and tunes the TV volume down, which works as a sign that he is waiting for Tony to continue.
”Kyle doesn’t know shit”, Tony answers in a light voice, making Emmett forget his important task of judging Kieran as they both start giggling.
He turned the shower off, grudgingly telling himself that one and a half hours was enough wasting water. Still feeling a little wobbly, he moved to the sink carefully, leaning his hands against it and spent a moment there making sure he wasn’t going to vomit again. Then, he brushed his teeth cautiously, avoiding pushing the toothbrush too deep into his mouth, and took two aspirins.
”I don’t know”, Steve said, his voice turning suggestive. ”Do you dislike the idea?”
Tony’s free hand finds his, and Steve clasps it, locking it into place. He kisses the mark he’s left on Tony’s neck, sucks it softly as he picks up the pace, his thighs working keenly. Tony’s hand squeezes his hip, the sound of his elevated breath driving Steve on. Tony feels so warm against him and Steve needs him so much, feels like he wants to tear his heart out of his chest and give it to him. But he isn’t afraid, doesn’t think about losing all of this now, because Tony’s rough grip on his skin is grounding and he’s right where Steve needs him.
”How could you have been with me?” Steve says tiredly. He’s sensing that this conversation is heading off sensible rails.
Steve jolted, purring at the sensation, any coherent thought long since gone from his brain. Tony’s hand found his hair, and pulled it, not hard but firm enough for Steve’s chin to follow the pull back. He could feel Tony’s breath vibrate against his neck.
-handle me, super soldier?" Tony smiled mischievously as he held himself with his legs around Steve, "Do you know my fantasies too?" He said biting Steve lower lip.
«Tony,» he heard him say and his heart beat even faster, but Tony was certain he should not do this.
«I love you,» Steve said staring at him.
! from that speech I could point out so many incoherent things, but there is just one of them I cannot truly understand and keeps bothering me. Why did
Steve rested his forehead with his and answered with a sigh, "I know."
"Yeah, I learned the hard way," Steve said heading to the fridge.
"No, that's fine. I drive," Steve seemed to agree with everything Tony said even though he didn't understand what was happening.
Tony sat down with Steve's help. He felt his body tremble from head to toe as he continued to breathe hard. Steve stroked his neck and hand trying to comfort him.
Their lips sealed in a silent pact about love, and their embrace marked in their skins the essence of the other forever. They belonged to each other.
room," Natasha said with a mischievous smile as she pointed to Bruce that was also asleep on the sofa.
"I love you, as I had never loved anyone in my life," Tony told him and Steve could feel the strength of those words in his heart.
Tony broke away from her and headed toward the house. He went to the living room and like a madman he walked from side to side not knowing what to do. Pepper had not followed him. His heart was racing.
"You would have bothered if I had told you before. So it seems appropriate to say it now that I saw you both could be together in a room without punching each other faces," Rhodey said laughing.
Steve rubbed Tony's cock over the fabric just for a moment, and then with both hands opened his pants. Tony was breathing hard, but he didn't move as Steve had told him to. Steve pulled down Tony's pants and listened to him inhaled in anticipation. He pulled down his pants and approached to Tony, so he could feel his erection. Steve saw him close his eyes and sigh in rapture, so he took the opportunity to caress his abdomen under the shirt with both hands and slowly go down until he almost touched his cock. But Steve purposely didn't touch him and just put his hands on his waist. He saw Tony open his eyes surprised.
"It was only one stage, at the beginning of his career. He only was inspired to write poems about the paintings he liked. Let's say he was encouraged, not bad, though," the young man replied and walked away to keep seeing the exhibition.
" accompanied by a groan, came out from Tony's lips when Steve licked his neck.
They were in the bathroom. Both took a shower together, and Steve helped Tony the best he could in the bath. But now Tony insisted he could shave himself.
"Gladly, Captain."
Pepper kissed him on the cheek and with a smile left the room. Tony sat on the bed lost in thought for a long time. Being alone again, he finally became aware of Steve's body, and also realized he had stopped feeling the heaviness. He saw the time in his phone, and it was past midnight. His head was running over all the possibles explanations to their situation, and he had not the slightest of sleep. Enough with having been unconscious for 4 days. He needed to find out what was happening to them. So he decided it would be good to take a shower and go to the lab. It had been a long time since he was in his lab of the compound, but he would feel better if he began to research this matter as well.
"Are you sure?" Steve asked huskily in his ear.
"Better, thanks." Tony couldn't understand what was happening.
"Congratulations, birthday boy," Tony handed him one of the glasses and came over to kiss him. "Or is it birthday old man?"
Tony hugged him, and Steve wrapped him in his arms.
"Steve, my friend, are you alright?" Vishen asked, touching him on the shoulder.
Steve opened his buttocks and introduced only the head of his cock watching as Tony closed his eyes tightly while growling his name. Then Steve finally thrust at him forcefully not just once, but if not two and three times, until he heard Tony cry out in ecstasy. Steve was watching him breathe through his mouth trying to catch his breath at his thrusts, and once again that was the most exciting vision he had ever seen in his life. With one hand Tony held tightly to his shoulder for support and with the other one of his arm. Steve was holding him by the waist, but he lifted one of his hands to caress Tony neck and chin until he put two fingers into his mouth. Tony immediately started sucking on his fingers in rhythm with his thrusts.
Natasha took milk from the fridge, cereal and two bowls from the cabinet. "Do you want coffee? She asked Nebula who nodded. “Some of the gentlemen are kind enough to serve us two cups of coffee?" Natasha turned to them again.
“I said I should, not that I would, and I have to talk with my doctor first. Maybe he doesn't allow yet.” Tony said, and they both laughed.
Steve lets his eyes fall closed. With a quiet, hardly audible voice, he begins to half sing, half mumble the song.
Peter’s started to present as an alpha. He’s still just a kid nevertheless and it’s none of Steve’s business really, but he can’t block the faint scent from his enhanced senses. He wonders briefly if Tony knows as he gives Peter an encouraging, sound smile and begins to help Tony set the table. His hand brushes Tony’s lower back as he reaches to get some neater drinking glasses from the top self.
Steve chuckled at his words.
The memory spiked a sting of affection in Steve’s chest. Tony had made it so unbelievably good for him, and Steve felt lucky to be able to think back to his first time and describe it as perfect with no exaggeration.
Steve chuckled. ”Sugar-daddy”, he teased.
He lifts his face to look at Steve.
“H…” Steve tried, but the beginning of the word morphed into a breathy moan. He bit his lower lip, lashes fluttering. “Handsome”, he managed eventually.
”Were you always this crude?”
Two… three glasses of champagne. That stout Bruce had brought especially for him. At least four glasses of red wine. More than a little whiskey. Shots of something with strawberry and a nearly lethal ethanol concentration.
”Isn’t that
”That’s today? Of fucking course it is”, Tony curses, then raises his voice to talk to Emmett. ”I’ll be there. Get your things ready”, he promises.
Early morning, not more than two days later, the universe is set on a course that will lead to the end of the world as they know it.
”I’m not sure it’s a good idea for us to go into that now, honey.” He hopes the pet name will help Tony leave it at that, to no avail.
”I think you need a dicking, worrywart”, the alpha muttered.
”Christ, it smells”, Tony complained, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet as Steve began unwrapping the bandages.
”You know how to order some. Or just run to the store, it’ll take your super soldier ass five minutes”, Tony answered, continuing to click tabs open and closed rapidly on his screens.
When he’s done, he locks Tony’s wrists above his head and begins a trail of kisses down his neck, occasionally nipping the skin lightly, and grinds his slick ass down to meet Tony’s cock. Tony’s hips jerk upwards uselessly.
”Morning, sweetheart”, Tony murmurs against Steve’s skin, filling his lungs with Steve’s heady scent. ”You smell fucking divine.”
Tony hums, starting to talk to Emmett quietly. Steve goes to take a shower, and when he returns, Emmett’s fallen asleep. Tony’s petting his hair lightly, his eyes resting on Emmett’s peaceful figure.
It goes on like that for what feels like forever, but what in reality is around one and a half hours, before Steve starts to feel frustrated and spent. It isn’t helping, not really, and his arm is cramping. He leaves the toy humming inside of him and slumps to his stomach, whiny sounds leaving his throat.
Later, when Peter’s left, Steve’s washing dishes when Tony appears behind him and wraps his arms around him.
”Steve.”
Days go by. It almost works for a while; they really do not see each other at all. For all anyone knows, they might as well be unaware of each other’s presence at all.
know for sure if Tony’s alive or not.
Steve got a feeling that it was best to give Tony the space to continue, so he just hummed in response.
”We don’t have to do this now.” It pains him to say it, because he needs this like air, he hasn’t even realised how much. But he doesn’t want to if Steve doesn’t trust him, if he’s not ready after all.
”Yeah, have fun boys”, she had said languorously, wishing them good night as she’d left.
And Steve would’ve had to, would’ve been forced to find a way to go on living because he was a parent. But no matter how much he loved their children, he knew that he would’ve never been the same anymore without Tony.
”Sorry”, Bucky says, instantly pulling back. Steve eyes Tony viciously.
It happened, to some bonded alphas more than others, but between them it has been rare. There were a number of reasons why it could happen - the alpha being stressed, something wrong with the scents, tiredness. Or it could mean that there was something that unsatisfied the alpha either in the act or in the omega.
When Tony returns, Steve’s not hyperventilating any more.
It’s not easy to watch. Steve’s whole body is trembling, and he’s pulling breaths like he’s about to hyperventilate. There’s an instinct to rush to him, to go soothe him, but Tony is glued to his place, his mind fighting itself.
”I managed to regain consciousness, but I knew I didn’t have much time, so I called for Thor and I asked him to help me. To… knot me.”
”Yeah, yeah. Doesn’t hurt”, Steve replies a little hurriedly, his cheeks beginning to colour. Tony kisses one of the darkening spots and circles his fingertips against Steve’s prostate, and Steve practically purrs.
Steve pulled his mouth away and placed a kiss onto Tony’s stomach, knowing that the sound Tony had made wasn’t at him but Tony himself. After five years, Steve had a pretty good grasp of how to please Tony, but sometimes things just couldn’t be helped.
”That doesn’t sound promising”, he mutters apprehensively, his insides twisting into a nervous knot. Everything has been going so well.
Steve complies, letting Tony study his face. He feels warm as Tony gives him a smile, then leans to press a kiss onto his temple. Gently, he then wraps his hand around Steve’s throat, coaxing his focus to the mirror again. His other hand strokes Steve’s back, his gaze soaking up the red marks there sluggishly.
Steve turns to look at the twins to see Emmett giving his brother a scolding stare, making it clear that this is something that they have already discussed between themselves. And apparently, Kyle, who Steve knows is a kid from their class.
Tony watches Steve’s Adam’s apple move as he swallows before he speaks again.
The sound of something knocking against his nightstand stirred him back awake. Turning, he saw that a glass of water had been placed on top of it for him. He watched Steve go around the bed towards his own, empty side, ruffling his hair with a towel as he walked. Tony considered the water for a second, then propped himself up to take a sip.
Steve turns and looks at Tony, who has lain down. He thinks about how much Tony has withstood and handled by himself these past weeks, how alone he must have been. It saddens Steve to no end, but he can’t change any of that now. The only thing he can do is to try to be better. For Tony, and for their children.
The truth is that Tony doesn’t care enough either. He already got used to unsatisfying, out of necessity shower jerk-offs during Steve’s depression, and now he feels much more indifferent about it than then.
”What reason?”
”3:12 am.”
After a moment, Tony’s moans broke their kiss. There was still a tight feeling in Steve’s chest and he pressed his face to the dip of Tony’s neck with a greedy inhale.
”I’m sure it’ll be all right. Don’t worry so much.”
”Oh, so you’re just tired of the drama.”
mon petit chou = my little darling
So, Peter, too. They’d suspected that he’d gone with Tony since no one had seen him after the battle in New York. It breaks Steve’s heart, but not quite as much as what he’s going to have to tell Tony.
”You’re gonna be all big again”, he mumbled. ”All big and – ah – all mine.”
”I want you to look at yourself while I do this”, Tony instructs. Steve had been ready to hear that, but it doesn’t make it any more comfortable to do it when the whip lands on his ass for the first time. But Steve keeps his eyes on himself, watches how his mouth opens into a quiet gasp, how his brows knit closer together.
”Yes”, Steve tells him eagerly. He’ll say anything, do anything as long as Tony doesn’t stop. Besides, Tony deserves to hear it. ”Yes, sir.”
"Jesus Christ, did you take out the light too when you fell? Why's the light off?" Tony flips the switch and Steve shouts, both from the sudden assault of light and from fear. Tony must not see him naked. No one has seen him naked since before the serum, not even Bucky.
“Thank you. Raising Peter is a privilege.”
“Of course Mr. Stark didn’t mention underwear. What’re you talking about?”
Steve left Bucky behind in the living room as he climbed the stairs to the second story. Three bedrooms and a single ancient bath filled the upper level of their little end-row brownstone. He could hear the bathroom faucet dripping. Steve needed to fix that.
—was running calculations, probabilities, worst-case scenarios. He couldn’t sort the data into anything useful because it was moving too fast, and his heartbeat was too loud, and he’d just been standing with Rhodey in the lobby of the St. fucking Regis, and none of this made any
, Tony thought, shuddering, as the van drove away into the night.
“Well, then, that’ll certainly elevate the act to ‘
“I don’t even respect that! I’m a weapons designer who won’t design weapons. What the hell else am I good for? What am I going to do, Rhodey?” The other man stared back at Tony with horrible, pitying eyes. “Obie’s right. I’m going to drive the company into the ground, and it’s... there are so many people depending on SI. Employees. Stock holders. They don’t deserve to have their lives ruined because I’m not man enough to blow people up anymore. So. I’m not thinking about that tonight. Tonight, I am not thinking about anything except my dick. I’m a bad person, and I’m a sad person, and I know that. I’m not like you, okay? Is that okay?”
“Did I say ranch?”
Tonight, though, Phillips was scowling. “Late for you, boyo.”
The other man sat up (impossibly) straighter. “I know.”
Tony took a few halting steps toward the van.
,” Bucky replied from living room. “PT today. Did you forget?”
Awkward. As. Fuck.
The police chief grunted, “Going to need your whole team in the war room, first thing tomorrow. We’ve got a situation.”
“Right. Of course, it would be. I’ve been very happy with his work in our tutoring sessions, and more than that... The truth is, I wanted to talk to you in person because—” Tony leaned forward over his desk. “In addition to being a great kid, Peter is a genius.”
Please consider leaving a comment if you're following along, and feeling up to the interaction. I try to respond to every one.
Tony:
Who?—Where?—For god’s sake, why?—
“Everybody calls Tony Stark ‘interesting’ and ‘handsome.’”
“It’s imminent, but isolated. And that’s all I’m saying until tomorrow morning.”
Tony lost himself in his gaze, and then his eyes looked at Steve's lips for a moment as if some idea had crossed his mind. He looked down again and headed for the door. There he turned around. "I'll see you in a while," he said smiling.
A week later Tony was already conscious and awake for much longer; the wounds were healing quite well. Pepper visited him every day and when Happy and Peter came to visit him too, Tony couldn't be happier. As always as restless as he was, he wanted to leave the hospital and managed to arrange for them to go to an apartment in the city center where he would receive all the necessary care. Steve for his part was glad to see him improve and even more to know the rest of the team were helping in everything they could out there. All united trying to put some order. However, the issue of returning the stones was pending. They would have to rebuild a machine to make the journeys to return them. The whole team would meet, and after all this time, it was
"Yes," Natasha replied.
«Water,» Steve said for him and brought the glass of water from the nightstand.
«I am afraid it is not any of your neighbors Sir. It seems to be Captain Rogers, Sir»
"You show me the image, or I will found it by myself," Tony told her annoyed.
Tony told himself, and he was sure his heartbeat could be heard in the entire building.
"FRIDAY," Tony warned her.
"He's fine. But something happened between you two," Bruce began to explain and Tony remembered the dream.
“Oh dear,” Ultron said laughing.
― Julio Cortazar
Steve seemed to hear him and did not tell Tony to open. He just sat down on the floor next to the door as well. They stayed in silence for a few minutes.
Valkyrie raised her eyebrow.
_ _ _ _ _
At that moment Bruce appeared next to them, "I will prepare the jet, the chief told me the fire has taken about 5 blocks," he said with concern.
"Why not?" Steve turned and looked at him defiantly. He felt some raindrops began to fall to his face.
«Good morning,» the nurse said smiling.
_ _ _ _ _
"What is it, Love?" Tony asked and looked at the spot Steve was seeing. Four fingers marked on the skin could be noticed, and the reddened area was beginning to turn purple. Tony bit his lips, proud of his bruises due to their wild encounter. But when he looked up, Steve's worried eyes didn't seem to see the same as him. Steve got up and sat on the bed. "Hey, I'm fine. It was nothing." Tony hurried to say sitting next to him.
”What the fuck, Steve?” Tony asks. He’s not yelling or raging, more like seething expressionlessly. ”Seriously, what the fuck?”
It’s his choice, Steve realises. Tony isn’t here to tell his opinion.
”Tony – alpha – please”, Steve begs in between, and Tony’s body agrees with the urgency in his voice. He moves to open Steve’s trousers, pulling all of the layers off without much finesse, and then shrugs his own shirt off.
So, Steve decides to try and find his voice after all.
Besides, he has no idea what his situation due to the curse exactly is – perhaps it isn’t that bad. If it is, he can’t know if it’s permanent for some months at least. And even in the case that it turns out to be everything he fears, there’s probably still something that can be done. Medicine is amazing these days.
