“Dean? What happened?”
“Oh you think that’s funny don’t you?”
Castiel? What a weird name. Gathering his things to move to a seat without a name he found one adjacent to his prior seat. It was convenient none the less. A girl was slinking her way to him trying to be seductive as she did so, the girl was by no means ugly. She had curly light brown hair and a pretty face but he wasn’t interested today. “Hello, you must be the new kid everybody is raving about. Name’s Bella Talbot. Pleasure.” Her accent was British and weird, man what was it with this school? “Dean. Nice to meet you.” She leaned over his desk exposing her chest and twirled her hair, “So do you have any plans for after school? My parents aren’t home and I would
The next day.
“Thank you for helping me Dean, I’m not used to dreams, much less sleeping in all. You helped a lot. I’ll find some way to repay you, I promise.”
"This is the song she would sing to us." Dean frowned at the thought, he missed his mother terribly. "Mary Winchester was a wonderful woman and mother, I'm sorry you two lost her so young." Sam clapped him on the shoulder "It's okay, I barely knew her, but Dean used to tell me stories about her before bed. She sounded like a great mom." Dean was smiling ear to ear, "You remember that?" Nodding he shrugged "Yeah, of course Dean. You did it until I was 10." They drove the rest of the way discussing mothers and how it was odd that Cas had never had a mother, but the closest thing to one he had was Anna and she was no mother. Finally arriving in Colby they pulled up to the latest vics house, grateful that Sam had suggest they ride in the fed suits.
“I know, I’m sorry about what I said earlier about you not wanting to be human because of control or whatever, I was mad and I was just trying to hurt you. I know you couldn’t care less about it.”
Sam had never prayed to Castiel before, he was a religious person but not on a regular basis. “
“Oh right, sorry I was just so intrigued to finally get to meet the famous Sam Winchester, you’ve been to hell and back. I can’t even imagine. My name’s Jennifer by the way.”
“Dammit Dean. No it is not about the movie. I love you! There. I said it. Can I leave now?”
Allie’s mother is at Noah’s house and does
“You’re saying you don’t find me physically attractive… It’s okay. I understand.” It seemed reasonable that Dean would not be attracted to him in this vessel. And while he had grown attached to his body and form, he would do whatever he had to, to be with Dean. But it still hurt regardless.
“We’re not going ‘slow’?”
Chapter Three: For the first Time.
“Yeah that’s because it’s a gay dude flick. The cowboys are GAY, Cas. There’s barely any chicks in it at all!”
He looks down at the hunters worn t-shirt and frowns “I’m sorry, it was comfortable. I don’t have any other clothing, and I didn’t know you would mind. I’m sorry Dean.”
“Oh right. Oh well, it’ll be fun. Come on.” This time Dean doesn’t even wait for Cas to wrap his arms around him and instead just lifts the angel out of the chair.
“Morning. Where’s Cas?”
“I believe that because we’re soul mates that perhaps I will always hear your prayers, after all when I healed you part of my grace was in that, so I will always be able to hear your prayers.”
Dean woke up feeling more refreshed than yesterday, probably because he was holding his favorite person in his arms. He kissed the top of his angels head before saying “Good morning angel.” “Dean, I’m concerned about Sam, he seemed a little down last night. And when I read his mind all I could see was a curly dark haired lady and a dog. Did he have a dog?” He sighed as he sat up “No, there was a girl named Amelia and he met her because he ran over a dog. Amelia is a vet, they fell in love and blah blah blah. Poor Sam’s love life was ruined all because of me. All this happened when we were stuck in purgatory. He was going to go back to her but he decided against it. Well it wasn’t all my fault, she was married. Anyways it’s a long story but Sam’s always had a thing for dogs though. Maybe we should get him one, even though I hate dogs. It’ll make him happy though so later we should find one for him. Nothing crazy though, something small like a beagle.” Cas smiled at Dean, he was so caring and sweet. “I can get one now, if you like.” Dean shook his head, “No, I told you I don’t want you to waste your grace, besides it’ll be fun. We can make a day out of it.” He kissed the top of Cas’s head again before getting up to get dressed. As he walked outside towards the kitchen he noticed the smell of bacon. “Sammy?!” he shouted as he walked towards the smell. There was a note next to a plate of bacon and some biscuits that read Went for a run, no need to check GPS or anything. Be back in 2 hours tops. Enjoy the breakfast. Sam.  “Cas, Sam went running so we have awhile to get the dog. I’m going to get some grub first though.” Cas nodded his agreement as sat next to Dean. They ate in silence while playing with each other’s feet under the table. He hummed in contentment, this was the life. Now the only thing he had to worry about was Sam being happy too. After searching online a bit he found a pet store they could check out, and wrote down the address. Meanwhile he texted Sam to let him know that Cas and him were going on a run and would be back before dark. When they got to the pet store the angel immediately went towards the Guinea pigs. All the little rodents squeaked and chittered in delight as the angel held two of the fatter cuddlier ones. “Dean, look. They’re communicating that they enjoy my presence.” He chuckled, “That’s nice Cas. Can you actually understand them though?” The angel put the two he held down and picked up two more before turning to the hunter and saying “Yes, I can communicate with anything and everything. I also speak every language, including the dead ones.” Looking at the angel with complete aw and amazement he pulled on the other man’s hips before kissing him right there in the middle of the store. The guinea pigs squeaked beneath them reminding them of where they were, they both pulled away reluctantly before heading over to where the dogs were located. “Look a beagle, you did say a beagle. Correct?” Dean shook his head yes and moved towards the dogs. The puppy actually, it was small and had big ears. It was undoubtedly cute, but he wasn’t sure they could always take care of the small dog. Having an animal was a huge responsibility and they weren’t always home, of course they could take the dog with them. “This one is a good fit for Sam, he is loyal and loving.” The angel said as he undid the cage lock, careful to remove the puppy. “Say hi to Uncle Dean little puppy.” He smiled at the puppy as the dog wagged its tail in response, chewing on the angels fingers. “He will need some training of course, but I’m sure that will not be a problem for Sam.” Dean nodded and looked at the tag that read MALE/8 month’s old/100$. “100$ is way too much for a dog. There is no way it’s worth that much money. I’ve paid less for high class entertainment.” Oops maybe he shouldn’t talk about the adult entertainment he had watched in the past before he was with Cas. “It will be more than worth it, besides can’t you use one of the fake credit cards you have?” Dammit, the angel was right, he couldn’t put a price on his brother’s happiness. “Fine, but we need to get a carrier. I don’t want him peeing all over the backseat. Dog food too, and a collar. Hell we might as well buy the whole damn store. Who knew dogs cost so much?” “Can we get a Guinea pig as well Dean? Please please please??” He should have known that he would be roped into buying more than one pet here today. “Okay fine, but you’re only getting one.” Cas frowned, “They’re social animals, if they remain alone it is likely for them to become depressed and unhealthy. Please? I’ll take care of them and I’ll make sure to get two females so they won’t reproduce.” Squeezing his eyes shut he thought about all the animals they would have in the house, “And what do you suppose we do when we leave to work on a case? Hmm? We can take a dog with us but we can tote rodents around everywhere.” When he opened his eyes he saw that Cas had been spending way too much time around Sam because here in the middle of the pet store he was looking up at him with big blue eyes. “Dammit Cas. Fine. But how are we going to take care of them when we’re working a case?? Hmm??” He looked very determined when he replied with a hint of sarcasm “I’m an angel, I can provide for their needs wherever I may be at the moment, and it won’t ‘waste my grace’ as you say.” The angel had an answer for everything, he was determined to get his way. They walked around gathering what they needed, a collar, leash, dog food, rodent food, shavings, and two cages. One cage for the dog and one for the rodents. The lady at the counter looked amused as she rang up all their items, “New pet?” Dean nodded and swiped his card, 250$ was just blown on pets. Pets. Jesus what had he become? A suburban husband, next they’d be buying a house and having kids. Wait they couldn’t have kids. He frowned at that, he wanted to have kids with his angel. They would find a way, someday, but not any day soon. “Come on, lets leave before you convince me to buy any other animals.” He called Sam to ask if he was home yet, “Hello? Hey you home yet? You’re still running? Jesus, you going for a marathon? Yeah, yeah whatever, I’ll see you for dinner, I’m making some spaghetti, so don’t be late.” When he gave Cas a thumbs up he unlocked the door and set up the surprise they bought for the youngest hunter. When it was done, the beagle had a blue bow on its head and was sleeping in the bed they had purchased. Plaid, how fitting for a member of the Winchester family. “Come on babe, you can help me cook dinner.” Picking up one of the aprons he tied it around his waist ignoring the pink frills around the hem. Dean was wearing a pink apron and dammit if he didn’t look sexy. He smiled as he was handed a yellow apron with bees on it, “How’d you know I liked bees?” he asked. The older Winchester only grinned at him, “I was there when you collected honey and wanted to become a beekeeper remember? I bought it after I escaped purgatory, I saw the bees and I knew you would uh like it.” “I love you Dean.” Blushing he nodded before he said “I love you more Cas.” When they were done cooking they set the table hearing footsteps come from the front door. “Dean? Cas? You guys home?” “In here!” They had hid the dog in their room until later. “How was your daily dose of physical torture?” “Dean, some people actually enjoy exercising. It’s good for stress relief and it’s healthy for you.” Waving a hand to dismiss what his brother was saying he handed him a fixed plate of spaghetti. “Salad?” The only reply he gave him was a point of his finger towards the bowl filled with the green leaves. The dressing was set beside it with a single plate for Sam. “Aw you do care!” “Shut up. Bitch.” Smirking he held his boyfriends hand when he laughed at his brothers predictable “Jerk” response. “Careful Sammy, you keep up that kind of attitude and we won’t show you what we got at the store today.” Cas spoke with a grin, “Yes it was quite delightful indeed, you won’t want to miss it.” “Uh guys, I’m supportive and all but I don’t want to see any weird sex toys you guys bought, okay?” Dean rolled his eyes “No you dumbass. Never mind. You’ll see later.” Shrugging he finished eating his dinner, before saying “Whatever, loser.” When they finished eating the younger Winchester held out his hands expectedly and waited, “Well? What did you buy today that is so important you have to show me?” Cas stood up and held up a finger “Wait one minute, okay?” “Fine, whateverrrr.” The beagle was yipping in the angels arms and wagging his tail, excited that he was being held. This is a lovely home, I can’t wait to pee everywhere to let my fellow dogs know it is mine! He chuckled at what the puppy said, “No, no little buddy Sam will train that out of you in no time. You are only to pee outside when you are being walked okay??” It wagged its tail in response. “Oh my god, did you guys buy a dog? A puppy none the less? Dean you hate dogs, why on earth would you ever buy one?” “Well it’s not ours, we bought him for you. Accessories included. Dog bed, collar, leash, and the whole nine. Hell I even bought Cas some Guinea pigs. Anything to make the people I love happy. Can it.” Sam smiled at his brother before walking over to the puppy. “Hi little buddy, you’re adorable aren’t you? What should we call you? Hmmm. How about buster? No. Harry? We’re gonna call you Harry.” “Seriously man? Harry? Like from When Harry met Sally? Come on!” Dean yelled as he looked at the dog. “No he looks like a micjagger. Or a Stevie Knicks. Something badass not a name from a lame romcom.” The ungrateful little bastard bit him, I guess he liked being named after a romcom. Or he was teething. “Looks like little Harry likes his name, don’t you boy? Yes you do!” Ugh baby talking to dogs really? Oh well, his brother was finally happy. “I don’t know why you’re making fun of it Dean, it’s actually a lot like you and Cas’s story. Watch it.” The older Winchester didn’t have to he had already seen it years ago, “Can it. And go cuddle with your dog.” Harry. Who names their dog a human name? Sam, Sammy named dogs after humans. “Wait, hey Dean? Thanks man, I really do love him.” “No problem, now you can go running with Harry. That’ll help you pick up chicks alright. Nottt.” “Dean leave your brother alone, let’s go to sleep I’m feeling a little ‘tired’ if you know what I mean.” “Oh dude, gross. Get a room.” “Happily. Come on baby.” That night Dean and Cas made love slowly several times but the last time Dean stopped because he could hear the damn rodents chittering. “Cas make them shut up. I’m not comfortable with them watching us. It makes me feel dirty and used.” “Oh Dean, they’re animals they don’t care about us. They just like the movement and the sounds we make.” “Hmm, I like the sounds you make too baby. Especially when that sound is you screaming my name in that hoarse voice of yours.” Mmf, he could feel Cas’s hot mouth against his own sliding their lips together. He sucked the angel’s bottom lip into his own before sliding his tongue into the other man’s mouth oh fuck. Suddenly his tongue was being sucked on and he could feel hands wandering down towards his once again hard dick. He ran his hands down the angel’s chiseled chest and abs before grasping the huge cock he oh so loved. It turns out being with a man that he loved gave him more pleasure than any woman had ever given him. And right now he was being pleasured so well. Currently his dick was being fisted as his neck was being sucked on leaving mark after mark on him. Damn if it didn’t feel good too, he pulled on the soft black hair so he could kiss the chapped lips again. He slid their lips together and pushed his way into the other man’s mouth with his tongue. God, he would never get over how good he tasted. “God Cas. You really know how to get me going.” “Dean, why did you say my father’s name? Do I frequently yell out John when you make me feel good?” He sighed, “No Cas, it’s just a never mind. I won’t do it anymore.” “Okay-b” Sliding their mouths together once again to shut Cas up, he pulled on the angels legs trying to spread them apart. Making a trial down from the scruffy neck to the other mans chiseled chest he sucked mark after mark. Claiming his territory on the angel’s body. When he reached his hips he went even slower making sure to make the man below him write in pleasure and anxiety, eager for his dick to be touched by the hunter’s hot and wet mouth. “Dean, please-e” “Ah that’s what I was waiting on, come on baby talk dirty.” “Dean, you should show me some respect. I raised you from perdition and if you don’t stop teasing me I’m never going to raise anything of yours ever again.” “Come on baby don’t be that wayy. You can raise my dick just by speaking like that. I want to hear you scream my name in that deep sexy hoarse voice of yours.” He began to swirl his tongue around the tip of the leaking dick. “Deaan.” Bobbing his head he began to slowly take in the huge dick before humming against it when he heard his name being growled above him. Pulling his mouth off with a wet pop he moved his hand to begin stroking the dick below him as his mouth made its way towards the other man’s balls. Oh man this really threw Cas over the ledge because his yelling of “Dean” became a drawn out hoarse whisper. “Not yet baby, don’t cum just yet. I want to taste you.” Licking his way back up to the tip he took in all of the dick he could before swallowing on it to send the other man over the edge. His mouth was filled with hot cum and he loved the bitter and yet somehow sweet taste of his angel’s cum, he swallowed every last drop of it. “Fuck Dean. That was awesome.” “I’m glad you liked it, but we’re not done just yet. I’m still waiting for my turn to ride that sweet ass of yours, but we can wait. We have all the time in the world together.” Cas smiled at Dean and pulled the covers over the two of them before moving to lay on Deans chest, “Yes, we do.”
Deans POV:
Dean throws back his head and groans. Cas then takes the opportunity to kiss the hunter’s freckled throat, the hunter parts his lips and sighs. After several minutes of Cas licking and exploring his hunters neck Dean threads his hands through the dark hair. He pulls the angel’s mouth back to his. Their lips move in sync and tongues begin to clash. When both begin to breathe a little heavier they stop and Cas looks at Dean with lust blown eyes, all of the blue is gone. Filled in its place, longing.
Maybe it was a chick. Yeah, yeah, you’re just sleep deprived man. Go to sleep. The coffee can wait.
It never happened. Hours later he woke up in the back seat of the impala.
Dean smiled as he pulled the jeans all the way off. “No, I don’t mind, it’s incredibly sexy.”
“Yeah the owner’s a fan of the Simpsons I guess.”
Please kudo, and bookmark or follow me on tumblr on your way out! SuperBatLover16.
“Is in the other side of the bunker, I didn’t do that on accident babe.”
*Knock Knock* Sam and Dean stood shoulder to shoulder with Cas behind them, "Hello, Agent Segar and these are my partners Rudd and Slade." Cas flashed his new badge proudly, correctly the way Dean had taught him and they were granted access into the widows home. "Mrs. Charles thank you for allowing us to ask you some brief questions about your husbands death." She looked displeased, "It's Miss Wilcox, now. And don't mention it. I get to stare at you three beefcakes!" Something was off about this lady, Cas could sense it. After a few more questions they left and booked a motel room. "How did I miss this? All of the vics are related to Miss Wilcox some how. The first one was her boss, the other one was her high school boyfriend and the last one was her third husband. The first one died over 20 years ago, but the second one is still alive. His address is close, come on." Dean was leery "Come on man, she said she was a teacher. No way is she an alpha wolf. I'm calling bs." Cas wasn't betting on Dean being right, even though he hoped he was. Miss Wilcox looked very evil the minute he saw her, even without his powers he could still sense peoples souls. Her's was very very dark, turned so by hate and bitterness. All the men in her life had betrayed her, including her father who died before revealing who he and she truly were. "Dean I agree with Sam, this woman can not be trusted, we have to check out this address. His life could be in danger." When they finally arrived they heard a blood curdling scream pierce the air. It was a woman's scream. "See? I told you it wasn't her!" the hunter yelled as he ran with his gun in one hand and Cas's hand in the other. "Do not leave my side. Please." The angel wanted to tell him not to worry but he let it go and held his hand tightly and clung to his side. Sammy was given instructions to look for the woman while they looked for the alpha. A scream pierced the air again and upon closer inspection he could hear it was not a woman's scream at all, but a mans. He was very fearful, and it had raised his voice octaves. "Dean, it's not a woman, that's a man. I can hear it." Nodding they moved corner to corner looking for the alpha. Finally they found her hunched over her second husbands body sobbing, "You stupid fucker. I never wanted this. This is all your fault!" Confused but with mission in sight Dean moved forward and let go of his angels hand to aim his gun and motioned for Cas to do the same. Doing as instructed he moved to stand beside his hunter, the man on the floor was also a werewolf and had a silver bullets pressed into his head and one shot into his heart. Not waiting to hear an answer Dean raised his gun. "Dean wait, what if it wasn't her?" Miss Wilcox raised up and bared her teeth, "You should listen to him pretty boy, I don't take kindly to men anymore and you three have begun to get on my nerves. You're interrupting my feasting.But I don't mind a nice tasty treat of hunters now and again" she said laughing before moving towards them. Sam appeared from behind and shot at her to distract her whilst Dean shot and missed while Cas tried not to do the same. Shockingly he hit the target, and Miss Wilcox fell to the floor. Dean turned around slowly, "Cas did you do that?" Nodding he looked down, he hoped Dean wouldn't be mad that he stole his shot. "Damn babe! Way to hit the target!" Confused he looked up "You're not mad?" "Um no? Why on earth would I be mad? I faltered when she came towards you because I was so angry that I missed and you-you saved me- you saved us! See you're a natural hunter baby!!" He blushed he still wasn't used to that term of endearment, to him it meant an infant but he enjoyed it none the less. Sam gave him an approving nod "Good job man, proud of you." Dean was practically draping himself over his angel, "I don't know what I would have done if-" he was never too good at 'chick flick' moments but Cas understood and pulled him tightly against him "I know, it's okay. We're all safe." Dean pulled back "You're right. We should celebrate!"
“Sure, uh take any room you want in that hallway.”
“You-you what?” “I love you too Dean, I know I should have told you a long time ago, but I too was selfish and I thought you’d be upset and never talk to me again, and after
“I love you. Please man, I need you, just stay with me.
It’s the last thing he says as he bends over his angel’s broken body, and holds him for hours until he passes out on the warehouse floor clutching him like an old teddy bear. “Dean?” Sam must be ready to go, so he peels himself off of his angel’s body. He waits on the usual “It’s not your fault, he’ll come back” spill that Sam had undoubtedly has for him but it doesn’t come. Hearing his name again he looks around, “
Sam laughs, “You should have seen the real thing, and it was so annoying. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife. Dean just now grew a pair and admitted to loving the guy. They’re all cuddled up now though, everything is kind of perfect actually.”
“I love you too. Forever.”
“You’re one of the Winchester boys that Bobby was always bragging on.”
“He did, he said that the thing was a demon hybrid and that he saved me because you were his best friend. It’s strange, I know but he told me to say hello for him.”
Feeling the intensity he nods, and prepares himself for a fight. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Fuck that was amazing.”
it, especially adolescents. Other than the bond the brothers shared, they had little no physical contact with other humans in their early life. It lived and died with their mother Mary. But this John Winchester was different, he could sense it, angel or not.
POV will change a lot.
Dean pulls away shaking his head, “Dad. Don’t. You did the best you could, and in the end we killed the son of a bitch that killed Mom and Jessica.”
Perhaps this is how it was supposed to be. Everything set right in the world and yet he was miserable. He put on a happy front for Sam but on the inside he was imagining the life he and Cas could have had. The life Sam and Eileen were making right before his very eyes.
“It’ll pass. Do you want some tea to help you fall asleep? There’s a root I can use to help block out any unwanted dreams. It helped a lot after…” He looked uncomfortable with whatever he was about to say.
“So what? He didn’t know anything about sex, and he still doesn’t. Just go talk to him and tell him you don’t think it’s gross.
Silence ensues.
“Hi sweetie, waffles and bacon? Black coffee?” Dean nods and she moves her attention to Cas.
The TV was all set up for their marathon and Dean had made snacks for everyone. Popcorn, beer, soda, and some cheesesticks were on the coffee table. "Hey Dean, I told Rachel to bring her friend for Kevin do you think he'll mind?" "I don't know man, his last girlfriend was like a genius so this girl would have to be pretty smart." "Nah it's been awhile since he's even seen a female besides Charlie, and i'm sure he would have jumped her bones if she wasn't into chicks." "Good luck with that." "Honeybee? Where did you go?" "Dude, honeybee? What the hell has happened to you?" "Shut up. He likes bee's and I love him so I'm calling him honeybee, let it go." "Never, I'm so going to use that against you in the future." "In here darling. I was getting some blankets in case any of us got tired." "Oh, you're so smart" he said before pulling them both down onto the couch with Cas on his lap. Wrapping his arms around him he sighed in content, "Dean. I believe you may have an erection." The remote was lodged between his legs and he laughed, "Babe it was the remote, it takes a lot more than you sitting on my lap to get me hard." "Oh really?" he said before turning around to face his hunter and he began to move his hips gradually so that his ass was rubbing on the hunters crotch. Squinting he smiled defiantly and hooked his arms around the hunters neck before leaning in to kiss him. He was disappointed when he didn't and instead licked his neck. "Cas." he groaned and tried to move his hips to cause friction against his growing bulge but no luck. "Uh uh uh. We're taking things slow remember?" was all the angel said before removing himself from the hunters lap and sitting next to him with his hands folded innocently. Sam walked in just then and took in the scene before him. Sam tossed him a blanket to cover his bulge in his jeans and scooted Cas over so he could sit down. Cas then proceeded to sit again on his lap but sideways so that his ass didn't make contact with the hunters crotch. Pulling the angel close he whispered in his ear, "Screw going slow. After the marathon i'm going to make you pay for teasing me like that." When he pulled away Cas smiled sweetly at him before resting his head against the hunters shoulder, feeling like he had accomplished something he wrapped his arms around his angel. Kevin walked in and joined them on the couch and was fixing to start the show when Sam sighed, "Okay there about a mile up the road, I'm going to get them. Don't worry I know what to do." How on earth had he ever gotten two normal women to agree to be blindfolded when they came to his house he didn't know. "How are you keeping the location a secret?" "Dude I told them we were FBI agents and that we couldn't let people know where we were having a stake out but that they could come if they agreed to be blindfolded when I drove them here." Sam was smart sometimes, he had to admit it. Minutes later two girls accompanied by Sam walked through the door and he removed the blindfold so they wouldn't trip on the stairs. The girls were very pretty he had to admit, but nobody was prettier than the angel he held in his arms. Kevin had gone silent and still beside him, he was obviously nervous about this and had no clue what Sam was up to. "Dean, why does Sam have two women with him?" "Don't ask me, ask him." "Sam can I talk with you privately?" "Sure Kev, what's up?" "Who the hell is that?!" "Dude keep it down she'll hear you. That's Rachels friend she promised they would hang out tonight and wasn't going to come so I told her to bring her along. Calm down man, just be yourself. Her name's Amanda." "Fine but I'm sitting on the floor." They walked back into the living room to see that Dean and Cas were talking to the females about the donuts and Dean was discussing their apple pies. "I'm sorry but if you're going to make an apple pie you have to have the right amount of cinnamon and you guys barely put any in. Just add a few more teaspoons and it will be golden." "I didn't know you we're a professional Baker." "He's not but he know's pie." "I'm sure he does but- Hey Sam" she said smiling up at his brother. "Hey, Rachel this is Kevin, Kevin-Rachel, and this is her friend Amanda." "Nice to meet you" the prophet said before sitting down on the floor by Dean's feet. "So Kevin, Sam told me you're into Star Wars, are you going to watch the new one?" Baffled that he was being asked a question he faltered a bit before nodding. "Yeah I just hope Disney doesn't ruin it. I can only imagine droids singing to a musical." Amanda laughed at his joke and nudged him with her knee, "I thought the same thing but then I remembered how well they did with Pirates of the Caribbean, so who knows? We'll have to wait and see." "I've actually never seen that, I've heard it's good though." "You should come over sometime and we'll watch all of them." If Kevin was nervous before he was really nervous now, "um yeah sure. Let me see your phone." she handed him her phone and he smiled upon seeing her Lord of the Rings background. After entering his number he handed it back, right away she texted him. "There now you have my number too. Why are you sitting on the floor?" "I didn't think there would be enough room for all of us." "Come on sit up here next to me. I don't mind if it's crowded, besides Dean and his boyfriend are only taking up one space." Dean blushed and pulled his angel closer to him, he wasn't used to being called a couple but he liked the term. Sam and Rachel were busy talking about different degrees, apparently she was getting her doctorate and was working at the donut shop to pay her student loans. She had originally planed on being a corporate lawyer but she decided she wanted to do something closer to people, so she was going to be a college professor. Dean could already tell they were perfect for each other. They sat side by side and Sam left his hand open for her to take it if she wanted to. It was a move he never used, most girls just grabbed his hand and went for it, Sammy was different though. Kevin started the marathon and about four episodes in he heard light snoring, Rachel had fallen asleep on Sam's shoulder but he didn't seem to mind, he was too caught up in the episode. Kevin and Amanda on the other hand were texting back and forth using emojis. Cas was asleep in his arms with his head tucked under Dean's chin, it wasn't the most comfortable position but he didn't want to be anywhere else.
“I’m touched, my boys are all grown up and happy to beat all. I’m so proud, and as nice as this all is, I’m beat. Is there an extra room where I can crash?”
look happy. They drive around and talk about what she’s doing with Noah, and in the end she apologizes and gives Allie all of his letters. Noah is waiting on the porch with flowers but his smile quickly fades upon seeing Allie’s mood. Minutes later they’re yelling at each other.
Musical. Definite no that would be something to watch with Sam, not Dean.
“Can you just stay with me? Please? We can forget any of this happened and move on with our lives.”
“Hey Jude.”
“Alright.”
Damn, poor girl must have had it worse than he thought. A flash of sympathy graces his face, softening his expression.
She smiles at him and nods “Yeah definitely, I’d love to work with the great Sam Winchester. That’s like painting with Van Gogh.”
Dean laughs at him “You’re not strong enough yet. It’s okay, you’re human now remember?”
Dean stopped talking and leaned into the space between them. His hand came up to lightly touch his face before resting on his shoulder. The awkward tension had been replaced by a different kind of tension and he was unsure of what to do next.
“Don’t mention man. Consider it a late Christmas present. Birthday present, or whatever else I’ve missed.”
“Hey-Hey. It’s me, I’m here.” The angel’s eyes are bloodshot and red but they’re open. Dean has never been happier to see those gorgeous blue eyes in his life. He wraps his hands around his angel’s damaged body and carefully brings it to his own to embrace him. “Never do that again! Dammit Cas. How are you alive right now? Never mind it-it doesn’t matter. I’m just glad you’re okay.” Cas’s breathing is shallow and labored but his chest is still heaving up and down moving Dean along with him. Minutes go by and Dean is still clutching onto the angel as if his life depends on it.
Still shocked, Cas sits with his mouth agape.
After grabbing some extra pillows and another blanket, he led him back to his room.
However, the guy had been brought back more than Sammy and he put together, so it did make sense for him to be scar free. The usual five o’clock shadow the angel had was beginning to grow into the makings of a beard, something he’d never seen before.
This time would be different because the big bad was God himself. Chuck had only offered one solution and it wasn’t a pretty picture. Sam would have to kill him and vice versa. They refused initially but now what choice did they really have?
Dean’s hands begin to roam, finding the waistband of his boxers on the angel. After yanking them down he presses his body down onto Cas’s. Then he removes his mouth from Cas and moves it to his neck. Kissing down moves his body along the body beneath him.
“I didn’t say we were going to sleep.”
To another angel, the soul would look like a burned, charred, and broken light. Not to him. It still shone brighter than any other soul as though it was the sun.
Ugh Castiel we are on the road. Sam’s going to a motel until I get you. Did you get that? Sam Motel. Me. You. Road. Soon. Okay? Figuring that was all it took he shrugged and hoped it worked, realizing one of these days he’d have to give the ex-angel a cell phone. “There’s motel up the road, Dean.” “I know, I told you I’m going to get you some soup first.” He turned into the parking lot and parked, before saying “You coming in or do you want one of those scooter things?” “Please. You’re older than me.” He shrugged, it was true, not that he would let it stop him from being independent. Besides, 40 was old in hunter years as it was and he was getting close. “Dude I’m 36. Not that old.” When they had finally found all the soup that Sam would choke down, most of it was vegetable surprise? None. “Alright, you have your soup and Gatorade. Go lay down, and watch some porn. Just be done before I get back.” “Same goes for you lover boy.” Jesus, he was not giving up on this. Not replying he left him in the room with his gun and extra phone. Cas. You there man? I’m on my way to Ohio right now. Ohio. Me. You. If that could get through the angel radio he’d be set. For the rest of the ride he repeated what he thought were key words in his prayer to the angel. When he saw the sign for Holland.
It’s odd trying to get into bed with another person, especially when you’re
“Cas, stop. I’m trying to watch the movie, it’s almost over.”
“Deal.”
After Sam left the room, Cas chuckled and pulled on Dean’s hair, “You’re not having second thoughts are you?” He was scared that it would go back to being awkward and he hated conflict, all he wanted was Dean. In every way possible, physically, emotionally, and spiritually. “Hell no” was all Dean said before sitting up and pulling on his angels blue tie again to press their lips together. God this feels right, why hadn’t they been doing this all along? He felt a hot tongue press against his lips asking for entrance, “Mmf, wait. Cas I’ve never been with a man before, and I don’t want to hurt you.” The angel rolled his eyes, “I’m an angel, you can’t physically hurt me, and I have a clue of what to do so just stow your crap as you say.” He laughed, the angel had definitely picked up some of the Winchester’s sayings and habits. His train of thought went to Jell-O as he felt the angels chapped lips on his own. Cas tasted like honey and soap all in one and he loved it, as their tongues roamed each other’s mouths exploring. He pulled on Cas’s tie again and pulled the angel on top of him. He could feel himself getting hard and his jeans were starting to get uncomfortable. Moving his hands towards his belt he began to undo his buckle but before he could move any further he felt a pair of hands on his own. The hands swiped away his own and in an instant he was in his boxers as the angel hovered above him looking down with lust blown eyes. Dean moved his hands to untuck his shirt out of the dress pants the angel was always wearing, he removed his shirt, careful to leave the tie on Cas’s neck. Gracefully he began to move his hands down the angels beautiful body, God how had he never noticed how sexy this man was. And fit, he would have to ask later if the angel had been working out with Sam behind his back. He moaned when he felt Cas press his hand on deans aching dick, any longer and he’d cum right then and there. Before he could tell him to move his hand he felt his boxers being pulled off and oh god. He could feel the angel’s mouth pressing hot kisses up and down his thighs and sucking mark after mark on his flesh. “Ow.” Cas had bit his thigh and was stroking his dick with his hand. Precum was already leaking out of his dick. Suddenly there was a hot mouth on the tip of his dick licking his precum up like candy. “Fuck, Cas” he could feel a tongue lick up the underside of his dick down to his balls. “Don’t tease me-e. Shit.”  As soon as he spoke he heard a wet pop and his whole length was in the angel’s mouth. How in the hell is he not choking? Dean wasn’t exactly huge but he was eight inches and that was a lot to swallow. Damn his angel’s hair was soft as he ran his hands through the raven hair and pulled as the other man bobbed his head. His favorite hunter tasted amazing and Cas loved watching him coming undone as he swallowed the huge dick inch by inch again. Scraping his teeth lightly against the top of his favorite dick he lightly grazed the skin making the hunter below him shiver and shake. “I’m –I’m gonna cumm.” Not just yet he wasn’t, the angel had other plans for the hunter. He removed his mouth from the huge cock and smiled, as he undid his pants to reveal his own hard and throbbing dick. He moved the bowlegs aside and sat up to look in his favorite olive green eyes that were blown with lust. Dean was writhing and panting beneath him, he begun to suck on his fingers seductively. “We need lube” the hunter muffled above him almost cumming on the spot. In an instant Cas had found the proper lubricant and was coating his fingers with it. He placed one of the bow legs on his shoulder and began to lick around the rim before inserting a lube coated finger. Moving it back and forth, he moved back up to face Dean as he prepared that glorious ass of his to be pounded. Biting on his freckled thigh and sucking on the spot where he nipped the skin he added another finger and scissored them making his hunter lose his mind beneath him. Finally he found the man’s sweet spot and he loved having complete control over his favorite human like this. He gave a few pumps to his own throbbing cock before lining up to fuck this sweet ass, before he entered the tip he looked to Dean for conformation. “Cas if you don’t move I swear I-I” before Dean could say another word he was being pounded by the huge dick. He placed his other leg on his angels shoulder, he felt a mouth on his neck licking up his jaw line. Jesus Christ he knew what he was doing, mmff he pulled on the ink black hair to pull Cas’s face up to his. It was his turn to leave some marks, he kissed right below the jaw line and licked at the other man’s facial hair he had always found sexy. Kissing his way down the stubbly jaw he found was he was looking for and nibbled on the angel’s ear as he came all over them both. “Fuck me Cas that was amazing.” The angel pulled out and came on the chiseled stomach of the hunter beneath him. “I just did Dean.” “I- never mind it was a compliment but if you want to go another round feel free to saddle up, but this time you’re the cowboy and I’m the horse. I want to bend you over and choke you with your tie.” Cas simply laughed and got up, instantly Dean missed his warmth on top of him. “I’m going to hold you to that Dean.” He smiled because he knew his favorite angel would. He smiled at his angel, God his angel, he was completely and utterly happy. Cas pulled up Dean’s boxers and pulled on his own before crawling in bed next to his hunter. They fit together perfectly, this was where he belonged and neither of them wanted to leave, so they didn’t. All day long they stayed there watching TV and cuddling underneath a blanket. Sam only came in once to ask if they wanted some pizza, and he even brought it to them remembering what it was like to be completely blissed out like the couple was. He missed Jess so much and the last time he came close to anything like that was Amelia and she still didn’t compare. Sam left the room before the couple could see the sadness wash over his face.
Once again he was crying, not caring this time if it angered the hunter. What he didn’t expect was Dean to be crying as well, still not letting go of his door. He looked mad.
“Sam I’m not going to lead the charge in heaven, it’s too late to go back there, things have changed, and I’ve changed. I can’t leave this how it is, I have to confess something.” Sam put up a hand-
“I look forward to it.”
Castiel? The angel. Your boyfriend. Why would he have to save him from anything??” They sigh knowing a long explanation was ahead.
Again, nothing happened.
“He did, but I’m having difficulty remembering it.”
His first instinct was to hide and lie to Sam. Cas must have felt his unease and straightened his clothes before saying “Sam. Good to see you. I’m human and feel very drained. Do you think you could help me make some tea?”
Oh! ENJOY THE FEELS (Evil laughter ensues.)
“Cas-I-I” The ground was shaking under them and all the years of training they both had, kicked in.
“He wouldn’t have, you Winchester boys were his real family. Not that he ever said that, but I think he was so upset with himself for not being a part of my life when I was younger he punished himself and kept a distance. I only found out about his death when I went to visit him and his house had been burnt down and there was mail piled up. I just put two and two together.”
John stuck out his hand and he took it, giving a strong shake. “I’ve heard a lot about you John Winchester, your fate was planned for years on end. You’re a very important man, bringing life to your sons is an important job. I’m honored to meet you.”
“How’d you know Bobby?”
Within five minute Jennifer has cracked the system and is inside waiting for the tall man behind her.
“Really? All this time I never knew that, I guess I should pay more attention.” Edna comes around with their food and a steaming cup of maple syrup.
“Of course I did. It’s why I like the Beatles so much. Please?”
Dean pulled him close and put his arm around him. After shifting to drive he sighed happily and said “Let’s go home.”
“You heard me?”
Cas said he was at a Gas N Sip there but chances are there were probably at least ten in the town. If he had called from a cell he could track it but he couldn’t do that with a payphone, or could he? He did some digging and found out that it was on the other side. Now speeding way past the speed limit he didn’t care about cops, he had to make sure the now human angel was safe. A beige car was on the left of the Gas N Sip next to the payphone, and he decided it looked very Casish. Parking right next to it, he looked around for the trench coat and heap of dark hair that accompanied bright blue eyes. Dude. Get a grip, he pulled himself together before getting out of the car. “Cas!” Snoring was coming from the inside of the car, he peeked inside and saw the ex-angel bundled up with his trench as a pillow. Not having the heart to wake him he opened the Impala’s back door before turning to the other again. Quietly he opened the door and moving the angel as little as possible he picked him up and put him in the backseat of the impala. Going to the back he grabbed the blanket and pillow they kept back there for such a case. He laid the blanket over the other man and closed the door before going back to the driver’s seat with the pillow, having a destination in mind he drove off. Finally he found a place they could park for the night safely so he tucked the pillow under his head and curled up to catch some hours before the long drive tomorrow.
Pain shot through his body and especially the cut on his neck.
, Disney? Children’s movie. Big no. He didn’t need to give the hunter another reason to call him a baby.
Shortly after he was packing a bag and writing Sam and Eileen a note. He left it on the counter and ran up the stairs to Baby.
Hours had passed and his face was raw and red from all the tears he had scratched away. Why did he wait until the last moment to say anything? He knew Cas loved him… The angel had said as much before but he never thought it was in the same way. The same way he had felt for years.
“Have you ever listened to any Metallica?”
Once again, Cas is weeping. Never had he heard the hunter speak about him like that. Honestly, he thought that every time he heard the phrase “I need you” it was because of his celestial powers. Not because of him. Now he knew, Dean did love him, he was just confused about it as much as he was.
felt out of place, but I followed orders. Regardless of what they were,
." Heat began to rise to his cheeks. "Yeah babe you're right, I'll teach you the whole nine- melting down the silver, how to aim, etc. etc." They shared a moment before Sam walked in and cleared his throat, "So are we going on a road trip or what?" Kevin as usual vowed to stay behind to man the phones and the research, he was content staying in the bunker with all the books he could read.
Dean shifted his body and quietly said “Cas?”
“Are you on Busty Asian Beauties?” Scowling and yanking the laptop away to look he’s shocked to see that it’s a site for romantic movie showings at a drive in theatre.
“Come on man it is though! It’s just un-natural!”
“Cas-stop. It’s fine. Just looks weird on you is all. I’ve only ever seen you in formal getup except when you were in the mental ward but uh come on. Let’s get you some clothes.” The angel nods in agreement, if he was being honest, he didn’t really want new clothes. He
“That’s not what I said.”
. Dean doesn’t pick him up, but instead throws an arm around his shoulders and hoist him up. Slowly they walk to his room, but Dean stops at his own door instead. After helping Cas sit on the bed he goes to his dresser and pulls out a Metallica t-shirt and plaid pajama pants. “What is the Winchester’s fascination with plaid?” “I have no clue, if you want to sleep in the trench coat be my guest I just thought these would be more comfortable.” “It is. Thank you Dean.” Getting up from the bed slowly he takes the clothes from Dean. “Not so fast tiger, you’re still a little wobbly.” He sighs loudly, “fine.” Once again linking his arm around the angel’s shoulder he helps him down the hall.
A flicker of movement catches his eye in the review mirror and suddenly the impala is behind his station wagon and is pulling over beside him. Dean hops out of baby and runs to the other car he places a hand on the car to keep the angel from running off. “Cas! Hey. Please don’t go. Will you just come back home so we can talk about this?”
Cas looks guilty so Dean squeezes his hand and gives a small smile before answering his father. “It was a leviathan. Thing crawled out of Satan’s armpit. Purgatory.”
“Take my hand. Take my whole life too. For I can’t help falling in love with you. For I can’t help falling in love with you.”
Chapter Seven: Apple Pie life.
Finally, they arrive at the outlet mall that Dean has deemed acceptable for them to shop at. “What’s a GAP?”
“A demon
His face did not show the sorrow and misplaced rage he was feeling. The reflection of his face was almost blank and unbelieving. What now?
His phone rang and interrupted his unheard confession. It rang over and over. He switched it off and laid his head back against the hard brick wall.
“Hmph well what if I tease you? Hmm?” He pulls away from Cas and scoots over to the other side of the couch. Cas sits unwavering at the same spot and turns to watch the movie. Twenty minutes in Dean is pouting, and scoots back over to sit next to his angel.
It was a stroke of luck that he found the old abandoned car beside the Gas N Sip, good for him it was unlocked and appeared to be ownerless. He balled up his trench coat and used it as a pillow, soon enough he was drifting to sleep hearing Dean’s voice on his radio. Cas. Cas. Ohio. Me. You. Motel. Sam. Soon. It was like a scratched record, but he didn’t want to listen to anything else. To him nothing was more beautiful than the hunter’s voice. In his dream, Dean and he finished a case successfully and he was human because he felt a sharp pain in his foot. “I think I broke my ankle.” Dean frowned and brought his foot to his face to look at it. “Yeah it’s definitely swelling, come on I’ll give you a lift.” Suddenly he Dean was lifting him off his feet, bridal style and he blushed, and he was very close to the hunters face. Freckles were everywhere, he knew he had them, hell he had spent hours probably staring at them from afar, but never had he been so close to the tiny dots. Dean even had them on his eye lids, how nice.
“Shit, yeah, hold on.” He rolls over to his bed side table and gets the tissue before cleaning up Cas’s stomach.
“They don’t care about you! No one is coming to rescue you. All you are is a pathetic, fallen angel.”
The words flowed through baby and Sam unplugged his iPod and listened.
Seriously? Did he really think this was about a movie? He begins packing his stuff. “Go away Dean. I don’t want to talk to you. I’m just a burden to you and Sam. You won’t have to worry about me anymore.”
Since the first time he saw Dean’s soul in hell, he had fallen. Not from heaven,
Minutes later he had convinced Castiel that he needed him to pretend to be a doctor to access medical files from the hospital to help the case they were working on. “Sam, I don’t understand, can’t you to break and enter as per usual? Why is this necessary?” “Listen, the leviathans have been watching us closely for months now, so we can’t just go about using the same old tricks okay?” “They will surely recognize me though. Nah. They’re too conceited. Meanwhile mine and Dean’s face has been pretty much plastered all over America.” Castiel was staring at himself in the mirror, hopefully Dean would be back anytime now with the food to test Sam’s new theory. The trench coat that angel usually wore was on Dean’s bed with his black suit and shoes, and he was now wearing a doctor get up with cowboy boots. Just like Dr. Sexy. Hearing the impala’s engine he composed himself before he got his ass handed to him by his brother. “Sammy I” In the doorway his brother stood speechless at the sight of Cas. “Hello Dean.” Blinking hard he stared for a good five minutes at the solider of heaven before Sam cleared his throat. “Salad?” “Uh-yeah. Sam? Why is Cas dressed like Dr. Sexy?” “For the case, we need some medical records from the hospital and since the leviathans are on the prowl we have to be careful.” “Sure. But that still doesn’t explain why he’s dressed like Dr. Sexy.” Even though he was talking to his brother, Dean never focused his eyes off of the angel for more than five seconds. Cas, if human, would surely be red at all the attention, but remained stone still staring right back at Dean as if this was usual attire. “Dean? Are you okay? Your heart seems to be beating unusually fast. I can hear it all the way from over here.” Dean shook his head as if trying to clear his thoughts and put the food on the table before stuffing his face full of burger. “I’m fine-just hungry is all.”"Right. Well. On that note I'm going to get the fed suit on and we can check this hospital out, you coming Dean?" Once again his brother was distracted by the angel dressed as Dr. Sexy. "Dean." "Huh? Yeah sure." When he comes out of the bathroom Dean has his legs crossed and has put the bag from the fast food joint in his lap. "Bathroom's free." "Oh
“It hurts”
Dialing Dean’s number he awaits to hear his brother’s voice on the other end. Castiel’s voice booms through the phone instead, muffled “Dean a little busy at the mo-moment.” He can hear movement on the other end of the line and a small sigh from the angel. With a click the line goes dead.
“And you also said
Giggling nurses walk past them and are whispering not too quietly about the hot guys. “You think they’re together?”
“Daddy?” It stung when his eldest, Dean, called him that.
“I need help, he passed out and he’s unconscious.” The nurse looked sympathetic as she nodded and gave him a wheelchair for his brother, “I’ll check his vitals. Can you tell me what happened?” Shit. He hadn’t thought about a cover up story, “I’m his brother, I uh I found him like that, he’s been sick with the flu for over a week.” Nodding she smiled, “Okay honey, it looks like he’ll be okay but you’re going to need to wait here alright?” He shook his head, “No I need to be with him. Please.” There was no way he was going to wait in a waiting room while his brother was possibly dying in the next room. Seeing he was serious she whispered, “Okay, but if you hear footsteps hide in the bathroom okay?” “Thank you.” One small thing didn’t lighten his dark mood one bit, and he decided to try the angel life line again. Cas, man I don’t know what happened up there, it doesn’t matter. We’ll work it out okay, but I need you here with me man. Sammy’s in real bad shape and I don’t know if he’s going to be okay or not. Not that I need you to heal him or anything I just I need you, for some support. And Cas? Please, please don’t be dead. I can’t lose you too. I’d die without you and Sammy. He was desperate to hear the flutter of Cas’s wings but instead all he heard was his brother’s heart rate monitor. Footsteps approached and he got up to hide in the bathroom but it was the nurse from before. “Can I get you a water or something? You may be in shock.”
It was only fair that he endure the movie that Dean had picked since he had not only watched
Since then wherever you are, that is where I’ve belonged. Until now. Now I see that I’ve been selfish and I can’t throw myself and my needs on the Winchester’s any longer. As you’ve stated before ‘nobody cares that I’m broken’ so I’m going to care about myself for once. And that means distancing myself
In purgatory he had a beard, sure, but he had never seen the beginning stages of it. He decided it was cute, and that if Cas asked for his assistance in shaving he would say no. Cas moves slightly on his chest and mumbles something incoherent. When he does it again, Dean hears it.
“You never went anywhere? What are you talking about?”
Cas hummed his agreement to that statement and sipped his tea.
As soon as Dean’s name escaped his lips he heard a flutter of wings. “Sam. What is it? Where is Dean? Is he hurt?” So. Fucking. Gay. The two idiots couldn’t be more in love if they tried. “Dean’s fine.” Cas squinted his eyebrows together and tilted his head before giving him a bitch face. “Then I don’t understand, what is wrong?” “Nothing I just need your help with something, can you do that for me?” “Sure thing, um what do you need?” “Don’t worry. It won’t be too bad. I promise.”
“The thing, it was back, and it-it” He’s shaking, he can barely finish the thought, let alone the sentence. “What?” “Dean.” Sam nods in understanding, “You were screaming his name. Did it kill him?” Cas nods his head yes barely able to move other than the tremors his body is giving off. “Hey-hey. It’s okay. Dean’s alive. I’m alive. You’re alive. Whoever is up there, clearly likes us. I don’t think any of us are going anywhere anytime soon. But we’ll keep a close eye like we always do.” Still clearly shaken up Cas doesn’t respond, his eyes are hollow and empty showing how broken he is. His breathing becomes heavy and labored and soon he is having a panic attack. Sam quickly grabs him and rocks him back and forth “Hey-hey calm down. Shh. Everything is fine. Just breathe.” Breathing in and out is all he can focus on right now. “In. Out. In. Out. There you go. Sh. Hey. You’re okay, everybody’s fine, look we can go see Dean right now if you want.” “Yes-yes I think that will help. Thank you Sam.”
Moving timidly he put an arm over the other man’s waist and fell asleep.
They laugh and he glances at his phone. TEXT MESSAGE FROM: DEAN.
Dean awkwardly stands there but hugs him back, “Thanks man. Let’s go home.”
*PRESENT TIME*
“I’m sorry I didn’t catch your name.”
Once inside his room he thanks Dean, and sits down on the bed with the clothes he was given. Before Dean can leave the room he’s peeling off the trench coat and undoing his tie. It doesn’t occur to him that he should have waited on the hunter to leave, but realizes it quickly when Dean mumbles a ‘goodnight’ and walks briskly out of the room.
If that was ‘gross’ then
Later that night:
. I always have. I know you did all those things for me, and it hurts like hell to see the rejection in your eyes. Do you know how much it hurt to hold your lifeless body on that warehouse floor and think that I’d
Crowley interrupts him looking bored with the conversation, “Believe it or not, Squirrel and I have grown exceptionally close, whether he chooses to accept that fact or not, I won’t have his boyfriend killed by one of my demons. Yes, the ‘thing’ is a demon, well a demon hybrid. It’s an abomination, don’t worry too much about it now. I’ve had it destroyed.”
Soon they were in bed, him on his side and Cas laying on his back propped up by pillows.
Cas’s POV.
“Stop. Cas. Listen to me. I love you.”
Fifteen minutes later, Dean emerges from the bathroom, not even dressed in his fed suit. "Took you long enough, I almost send Cas in there to check on you." There is a flicker of a blush on the freckled cheeks of the older hunter but it quickly disappears. "I left it out here, I had to use the bathroom Jesus Sammy. Are we married or something? You keeping a secret ledger on where I am?" "No" "Then get off my back dammit." "Why are you arguing about this?" "We're not arguing Cas, just what brothers do. Sides can't you just mojo yourself there to get the records?" "Yes, but this is more fun to watch." "Y'all can all go to hell." Sam laughs "We've all been to hell Dean. Wasn't that nice, don't think I'll be building a vacation home there anytime soon." Castiel, once again is confused. "You guys go ahead and check out the hospital, I've got some research to do here." "You. Do research? That's even funnier than Cas in the doctor getup." "You know you're not the only nerd in the family, Sammy." "Alright, well you stay here and "research" and Dr. Sexy and I will talk to the hospital staff" "Audios."
“See? Told ya. Now try the bacon.” Picking up a piece of bacon he crunches it in between his teeth.
He sighed as he hoisted his bag farther up his shoulder and began walking home. Luckily he didn’t live but a couple of blocks away and it was nice outside, not to hot and not too cold. Plugging in his headphones into his iPod he turned on his music. Elvis streamed through his headphones and he hummed along smiling to himself. A dark shadow appeared before him blocking his way. Alistair. “Where’s little Castiel off to now? Going to your boyfriend’s house?” He didn’t answer he instead stood there waiting on the bully to move. “What’s the matter? Too much dick in your mouth to speak?” Rolling his eyes he tried to move past him but with no luck. He wasn’t surprised when he was pushed down and blows started to land on his face and stomach. “You got some nerve you little faggot.” “Please” he groaned making the bigger guy move off of him. He moved his leg knocking him down and he stood up and dusted himself off. “Oh now you’re going to get it.” He grabbed his stuff and ran away as fast as he could, he could hear Alistair catching up and he panicked. Suddenly he heard an engine behind him and a yell. “Leave him alone!” The engine cut off and he heard somebody get out and tackle Alistair to the ground. “I said leave him alone. Never bother him again or you’ll wish you were never born.” He kept running and didn’t turn around to see who saved him, but he recognized the voice. Running out of breath he stopped for a moment to collect himself. “Hey wait up!” Not wanting to be rude to the person who saved him he waited until he came face to face with Dean Winchester. Dammit. “Cas. Uh Castiel sorry. Why’d you let him beat up on you like that? You should’ve kicked his ass.” “I don’t like confrontation. Thanks for helping me though. Goodbye.” Trying to walk away swiftly he was stopped by a hand pulling on his shoulder. “Wait. Why don’t you let me give you a lift? That way you don’t have to worry about that asshole anymore.” “Thanks, but no thanks. I can walk.” Waving goodbye he was stopped again. “Come on, just let me help. Your cut up pretty bad on your face.” He wiped his hand across his face and saw blood on his sweater, hating the sight of blood he became light headed.
“I heard you, I tried not to listen because I was so angry but I couldn’t stop. I’m sorry Dean, it’s just.”
“Dean, you looking at the cars or the girls?”
Jesus you’re tall, usually I’m looking down at people but not you.”
Hours Later*
“You just think he’s handsome.”
“Nice to meet you Jennifer. So what brings you to the old archives?”
.” They dance and embrace each other for a while before it all comes crashing down just like it always does. By the end of it, Allie doesn’t remember anymore and Noah has a heart attack. Jesus, this movie went downhill fast. Dude bounces back quickly, for Christ’s sake he just had a heart attack and is
“What do you want Crowley?” Cas asked, still suspicious of the demon.
After explaining The Darkness and the thing almost killing Castiel, they explain they then have to explain about the Mark of Cain, and John has the exact same reaction everyone else had.
Waking up from another nightmare, he rubbed his face. Even though it had been over a year since he lost her, he still dreamed that none of it was real, and that any day now they’d be married with kids. The nightmare part was his
. Dude. Bye.” Blinking a few times Sam leaves quickly, scarred at the image. When he finally makes it to the bathroom all thoughts of releasing himself leaves with his brother. No matter how horny he was or whatever he was doing, his brother seeing him like that always put a damper on things.
Sam’s POV
“Shh. I’m gonna take care of you.”
bed tonight.”
Sam signed yes quickly without looking at her. Everything was going so well, but nothing ever seemed to last. He knew he should be happy even if his brother had disappeared on a suicide mission.
“A lot. But I think their safer here so I’m going to be longer than expected, because I’m not taking them out of the archive and bringing them back.”
"I love you Dean."
" Dean had thought about it multiple times, but he couldn't risk loosing his angel. "I'd have to teach you how to shoot if it's a werewolf then you can't just gank him with an angel blade. You need pure silver to the heart." The angel shrugged "So?
“Dean. Hey. We need to go, that thing’s gonna come back-and” “Sammy he’s gone. I can’t leave him what if he comes back and I’m-we’re not here? Let that thing come back. Without Cas I-I” he begins to stutter over his words, and Sam leaves it alone. His brother has known how he feels about the angel for a while but now his theories confirmed, and he can’t leave him here to die alongside the angel. So, doing what he does best he stands by his brother’s side, protecting him at all costs. “Take your time Dean. I’m going to guard the door.” The only response he can salvage is a slight nod of the head.
Humming in contentment he lays his head on the hunter’s chest, when he feels something vibrating. Dean shifts looking for his phone, finally retrieving it he checks it. “Message from Sammy. Says he met a girl named Jennifer Singer, he wants me to look her up.”
“Cas. You’re staring. Do I have something on my face?” “No. I was um nothing. Sorry, I think I can walk if you’re uncomfortable.” “What are you talking about, you can’t walk on that. Come on it’s not too much further.” The dream ended when Dean’s arms left his body and he immediately missed the warmth they provided. His mind was now filled with the night sky and all of the angels falling, he began to shiver with disappointment in himself. This was all of his fault, if he had trusted his gut none of his brothers and sisters would be falling. It was really cold now, and he didn’t understand why. “Cas. Cas. Wake up. You were having a nightmare.” “Dean? When did you get here?” “Bout an hour or so ago. You cold? There’s another blanket in the back, I’ll go get it” without another word he was up and going to fetch the blanket. He returned with a quilt that was huge, and laughed “This one’s Sam’s, that one can barely cover one of his legs.” Wanting to laugh he smiled, but he couldn’t laugh just yet. “Thank you Dean.” “No problem. Catch some z’s.” “Okay. Um Dean?” “Yeah Cas.” “Did you put me back here?” “Yeah, we had to get out of there. Didn’t want anybody to spot us.” Drifting back to sleep he sighed and “Okay.”
He could see the night sky lighting up with his brothers and sisters, and his heart wrenched. Trusting Metatron was foolish, he knew this now, but nothing could be done. To make matters worse, he was now a human thanks to Metatron stealing his grace for the spell and he had no idea of where to go. Dean. Feeling his senses heighten he looked for a town where he could place a call to the hunters. His body ached all over and he had a headache that would not go away, humans had it worse than he believed. Now he had a dry taste in his mouth for no apparent reason. This is truly strange he thought finally finding a road.
Dean nods, “So, what’s the verdict?” “I’m not feeling any broken bones, he has a lot of bruises here and there but that’s to be expected, honestly I just think that it took away his mojo, and since he wasn’t fully back even as an angel, his vessel just needs some time to regroup and pull itself together. Especially now that he’s human.” “You mind driving?” “No, why?” “I’m going to sit back here with him, I don’t want him to wake up and start throwing up or anything.” “Right… Okay.”
“Why didn’t you go before we left?”
Cas nods and jiggles with laughter “Your face is very amusing, yes.”
Expecting her to kill him he’s shell shocked when nothing happens, instead he hears a familiar scream.
“This sucks.”
He supposed it had to do with the trauma and years of training that had been ingrained into his very being.
sweaters. “Do you really need that many sweaters man?”
“Stop bouncing, you’ll do fine” he said to Sam as he pulled up to the school. Turning off the engine he grabbed his notebook from the back and double checked his pocket for his pencils. Sam however had a whole friggin suitcase on his back filled with all of his books and notebooks. “You let me know if you have any problems. Okay?” When Sam nodded he left him to go to his first class, he pulled out his paper to check his first course.
“Dammit Cas. You can’t keep doing that.” Moving the angel slightly to free his hand he opens the door to the bunker. Slowly he walks down the stairs so he doesn’t jostle the angel awake, “Hey, I was wondering if you were going to sleep out there. Is he okay?” “Think so, he woke up for a bit, but he fell asleep
Dean pauses the movie and smirks, “Yeah, but you know why? Because he looks like
“Well I certainly hope so.”
“I can’t.”
Twenty minutes later they’re eating pizza and watching Hercules. “I love this movie, Sammy used to watch it all the time.” Half way through it, Dean is snoring sleeping against Cas. When the movie is finally over, he gets up and tries his best to pick up his hunter. Any other time he could lift anything, especially now that he was an angel again, but his legs gave out. Sending him and Dean to the floor.
“I know man, but you have to be more careful, that thing went after me, and in turn you went after it, if it weren’t for Cas, you’d be dead on the floor in there. And you don’t have any grace for it to steal.” He was right, it was
“Sam, right?”
“So what it was just a dream, you’re still human.”
Deans POV
Part of him was still waiting on the gig to be up. For the empty to pull the plug on this new fantasy it had made up for him.
Dean’s words are of little comfort to him, the hunter thought that he was
A figure appears in his mirror, waving him down. “Cas wait!” but he ignores it. This was the only way. His only goal now was to find out if he was indeed an angel again.
“Actually I have little to no clue what the hell he’s talking about, first he saves Cas, then he”
“Is this still about the movie or?”
Chapter One: Making Breakfast.
“I don’t know, I’m going to try something, and if it doesn’t work then I’ll know that I’m still human.”
“Huh? Nothing. Just the news.”
“Yeah of course, sorry Sam, I know I must be acting like a crazed fan, it’s just exciting. There are so many rumors about you boys. Boys, sorry.
Not that his father was a role model for that, but he was much better than John Winchester. His father was around in every way possible when he was younger, except for physical. Celestial beings were not like humans they didn’t require physical contact. Human’s
Cas wasn’t hurt by the sudden rejection when John Winchester appeared, Dean’s father was not a bad man, but he was
I have for so long.
There are tears in Dean’s eyes and he grabs Cas’s arms around him and scoots closer to his angel, laying his head on the angel’s chest.
“Yes.”
Most people come back from hell broken, their soul shattered, but John’s soul seemed to be restored as if new. Crowley wasn’t lying, this was a gift indeed. He was once again pure, and the man he should have been when raising his sons.
Relief washed over him and he turned the phone to show Eileen.
He got in, trench coat and all.
“I told you not to get used to that”
Sam is puzzled, he’d never met this woman before, but she was obviously a fellow hunter. “No, no it’s fine. I was just leaving.” He smiles and gets up to leave.
“Cas? What are you doing?”
Instantly Dean drops Cas and walks over to the figure resembling his father,
“You. I want you stay with me forever. I don’t want a fucking wife. I want
angel. The real question isn’t about me being in control it’s about you being in control Dean. Control of your emotions at
“Cas? I’m sorry. I’ve been trying to think of what to say, I don’t know what to say other than I’m sorry for being an inconsiderate dick. We can watch whatever movie you want.”
“Where am I Crowley?” he says with a scowl.
Still snarling, Dean squints “Why are you here Crowley?”
“But how” with a snap of the demon’s fingers he is back in the bunker with Dean. Except it’s as though nothing had happened. Dean is sitting on the floor in the lit living room beside him confused as to what had happened.
“Dean?” Walking back to the living room he sees Cas with a pained look on his face. “I have to urinate. I tried to get up but it’s still painful.” “Right, okay will just don’t pee on me okay?” “No promises.” Dean knows he’s lying, but he still holds the angel away from his body as if he was a smelly baby. “You really are a baby in a trench coat. Speaking of, you need a new wardrobe, not that I don’t dig the account look but that can’t be
The mysterious, frightening thing that had been tormenting them for months was a
“Dammit.” Walking over to him he laughs “Man, it’s barely September you can’t wear sweaters yet, you’ll burn up.”
“He’s still asleep.” Dean crossed his legs in a fatal attempt to hide his growing erection.
He goes to her flank, preparing for any trouble they may run into. After giving the all clear, he shows her where to get the blood. Pointing to a vein in a dead woman’s neck. “This vein right here remains intact the longest with the best blood.” Drawing enough blood to kill an alpha they leave soon after.
” Cas shrugs, obviously still not bothered with all the emotional complications that come with being a human. He is however not upset that Sam rejected his offer, he much prefers eating alone with Dean. “Why don’t we watch a movie?” Rolling his eyes he looks at Dean, “Okay.” Setting down his food he raises his arms again as if to say
Crawling off of Dean he frowns, “I thought I was going to win.”
“Yes.”
Cas slept in his own bed that night, and without nightmares. It wasn’t as comfortable as Dean’s memory foam mattress. But he couldn’t ask that of the hunter, it was too much to ask. Dean was his friend, and nothing more.
“Oh your dad. Give it a bloody rest! I have feelings too you know? Especially since the Hardy Boys injected me with that human juice. Dean is my friend, I was doing what any decent friend would do. All I ask is that he call every now and then so I don’t have to constantly spy on you lot.”
Suddenly a blade was at his throat. Cutting. Digging. Slicing. Castiel embraced it. Death would surely be sweeter than this torture. He waited.
Deans POV.
After fifteen minutes of Dean holding the angel on the side of the road, Cas finally pulls away to look at his hunter. "Have I ever told you how gorgeous you are?" Cas laughs, he was not the gorgeous one. Dean was.
“No Dean, that’s not what I was going to say, I had a dream that the, the thing was back. And it gave me my grace back. I didn’t tell you earlier because I was so happy about us, but I’m an angel again, or at least I think I am.”
answering the phone while somebody is going down on you, the mood had been killed.
^This is 100% true. Sorry if I offend anybody. Well. Not
“I’m sorry, he never mentioned you…”
Fidgeting he looks at Sam sleeping beside him, “I uh have to go the bathroom.”
“This isn’t about
wearing Dean’s clothes, it brought a certain comfort and sense of home to him.
Not sure if this was a dream he pinches himself. Did Dean go out with the bartender? No, Dean was a lady killer. Not that it would bother him, he loved his brother regardless of who he liked to sleep with. Looking at the phone again he sees the name
Cas got out and moved to the front seat unsure of how to act.
“I don’t have a birthday. Not really.”
about Dean. Or at least, he did.
“No. I just. Um.”
Stroking his hunter’s face he laughs at the pout he gives off, “Fine. But you have to promise to sleep in
“No, it’s cute. I like it.” He smiles warmly at her and she blushes.
“Cas. I thought you said you didn’t listen to music?”
The words were not unfamiliar to him, and they no longer hurt.
“Uh yeah Cas, I’ll show you, and from now on you can practice with me. Eh?” backing Cas up to the bed he crawls over him, smiling down at his angel.
Sitting with his arms folded Dean rolled his eyes at his angel, “It’s not nice to be nosey. And it was
When he wakes up at three a.m. Dean isn’t in his bed. “Dean?” Finding his cell he calls him, no answer. Huh, he must have found a girl after all…
"Thank you for agreeing to go out with me." "No problem, but why didn't you just ask Dean? I know he doesn't mind." "Yes he does, it makes him uncomfortable and I don't want to do that anymore so I asked you instead. What is good to eat for breakfast?" "Uh I don't know, I ate some cereal but if you don't want that there's a do-nut place up the road. Have you ever had one?" Lost in thought about how he was going to miss the long conversations him and Dean often had about anything and everything he sighed. "Cas? Hello?" "Oh my apologies Sam, yes that sounds good. Let's go there." "Alright." After going in to get him one Sam returned with a pleasant smile on his face. "Why are you smiling?" "Huh? Oh nothing, that girl in there said I was cute. It's been awhile since I heard that. She was pretty but she's only 21. Way too young for me." "That's nice." "Yeah, here you go." "Thanks." He bit into the flaky round thing and knew he liked it instantly, it was very sugary and soft. "This is good." "Yeah, Dean loves them. Don't tell him we went here." "That won't be a problem." "Dude what is going on with you two? I can cut the tension with a knife it's so thick. You guys need to just fuck and get it over with." "Excuse me? What? I don't understand what your saying." "Man, listen I know you're new to the whole human thing and you don't know anything about love so I'm going to tell you. How often do you think of Dean? When you wake up? When you go to bed? All the time? When you see something he likes do you want to find him and give it to him? Do you want him to be happy and safe no matter the cost?" "Yes." "You love Dean." "I know I just I know he doesn't feel the same way, and I don't want to burden him. How did you know I felt all those things about Dean?" "Because that's how I feel about Jessica. And I can see that you and him feel that way too. There are two things you can't hide in this world of humanity Cas. One is sneezing and the other is love. I know for a fact that Dean feels the same way, he's just scared to admit it. Mostly because our Dad was homophobic and told us that if he ever caught us with another guy he would disown us and leave us somewhere. And it's not that he's in love with your vessel he's in love with you, Cas. The angel that rebelled for him and always was there for him. You've been his rock for 6 years. I knew the old Dean Winchester and he wasn't happy, he's only been happy when he's with you Cas." "Is all of that true?" "No, I'm lying, he hates you so much that he left me in a motel room after I had spent the night in the hospital and sped to come get you. Not only that but he literally carried your coat around car to car for months until he found you again, some how he knew you'd be back. Lastly, if not he wouldn't have put up with your crap. Like disappearing and making deals with Crowley, leviathans, purgatory. Need I go on?" "No. I understand." "Good let's go home." He was still very concerned with how Dean would take the news but he decided not to bother Sam with it. When they got to the bunker Sam patted him on the shoulder "Just be honest about how you feel." Nodding he went to his room, and retrieved Dean's clothes before trying to find him. Dean was sitting on the couch watching Game of Thrones with Kevin. "Hello Dean." "Cas." "Can we talk?" "I'm kind of busy right now." "I understand if you're mad at me, and I apologize for my behavior earlier, but I'll explain I just need to talk to you." "Ugh fine. Kevin pause it. You've already watched it anyways." They walked into the library and noticed Sam sitting at the table. "Sam's in here, I'd prefer it if we talked in private." "Fine whatever, let's go to my room." Dean led the way and sat down on his bed. He remained standing by the bed not wanting to intrude too much on his personal space. "Cas sit down. This is awkward enough without you standing there looming over the bed." "I'm sorry, I don't want you to feel uncomfortable." He sat on the bed and before he could began to apologize again Dean spoke up "I'm sorry for being a prick last night. I shouldn't have said all that, you can sleep in here whenever you need to." Now he had lost his train of thought and what he wanted to say, "I've lost what I was going to say. I'm sorry for um being rude to you this morning but after last night I felt it best to distance myself from you because I know how uncomfortable I make you." "Uncomfortable? Really? You've been dis-concerned with personal space for years and now that your human you're concerned with me being comfortable? Cas one of the things I like about you is that your unchanging. You're always there when I need you, always by my side. Faithfully and loyally waiting on me to ask for assistance, and for once I wish I could return it but I always end up screwing things up and being a dick in the end. I just never know what to say. All I know is you don't make me uncomfortable. I'm never happier than when I'm with you, when I'm not with you I want you here with me. I'm the one who should apologize not you. You treated me the way I deserved to be treated. You should stand up for yourself more often." "I wasn't standing up for myself I was distancing myself from you and if I wasn't human I would leave." "Why on earth would you ever distance yourself from me? How could you possibly think that is what I want.?" "Because I'm not an angel anymore! I'm human. Useless. All I am is a burden." Now he was beginning to cry and he hated it. Suddenly Dean put his arms around him and pulled him tight against him. "You are not a burden and I never want to hear you say that ever again. Okay? I want you here with me forever, if you want. I know someday you'll fall in love and marry somebody but until then you can stay here with me, well us." "I've already fallen in love with somebody." Dean removed his arms and frowned "Oh really? What's her name?" He still didn't know how he felt about him, he thought they were just friends. "Nobody. I was only teasing." They were very close still and he saw a hand make it's way to his face. "Good, because I'm in love with you Castiel." Dean. Winchester. just confessed that he loved him. He was going blank at what to say he had a million thoughts running through his head before but now they ceased to flow. Only one was going through his mind, I'm in love with you he said. He loves you, you idiot. Say it back! "Cas. Man I'm so sorry I thought that you were telling me something and I just uh I over read it I'm sorry." he said before moving away. "Dean. I love you too. I've loved you for a very long time, since I touched your soul I have been hopelessly in love with you. It doesn't help that you're absolutely the most handsome man I have ever seen. Don't think for one second that I don't love you back. I love you so much Dean Winchester. I do. I love you and your stubbornness and courage to do whatever has to be done. I love how selfless you are all the time thinking of everybody but yourself." Dean was speechless, "You love me back?" "No, I just like telling people that for no reason to see if they'll let me live with them and kiss them and stay with them forever. Of course I love you. How could I not?" "I don't know what to say, this is all new to me man." There it was. He was waiting on his hopes to fly away how could Dean Winchester love him? A stupid fallen angel who was now a human. "Forget it, I was foolish to think this could actually work. I mean I'm in a male vessel, and you have often expressed how much you love women and strippers so. Forgive me. I'll return to my room now." "Cas I do like women, but I love you. I don't care that your a man, you're Castiel, Cas. The angel I fell in love with years ago. I'm just too stupid to realize it." He didn't have much experience in sexual relations but he knew that humans liked to press their lips against each other, he learned that from the pizza man. So he decided to try it out on Dean, he closed the space between them with his eyes closed aiming for Dean's mouth. He missed. Instead he got his cheek, and the hunter laughed at him. "Let me Cas." He moved his hand to hold the angels face and kissed him slowly at first and then pushed his tongue into his mouth. Dean tasted like whisky and burgers and he loved it. Trying to mimic the hunters motions he moved his head and pressed his lips and opened his mouth before sticking his own tongue into the hot mouth. Never had he known what it was like to stick his tongue in somebody's mouth but he enjoyed it and so did Dean apparently because he groaned beneath him and removed his mouth and moved it to his neck. Dean's teeth were nipping at him and licking on his hot skin and he gasped at the contact, damn this felt good. Pulling up his face he sealed their lips together again before moving to the hunters scruffy jaw and making a trail of kisses and bites until he reached his ear. "You have no idea how long I have wanted this Dean Winchester." Suddenly Dean was moving them to where he was on top and he whispered in his ear before biting it. "I think I do." Hands began to find their way down his body and he groaned remembering the erection thing he said. "Dean I think you're giving me an erection. My pants are very uncomfortable right now and I'm not fully aware of what's happening. Dean moved off of him but remained close, "Shit, sorry. We should slow down, but um, if you want I can get rid of that for you." "Please Dean, it's very uncomfortable and it's beginning to hurt in these pants." "This is an exception to the rule okay? After this were going to go slow but I can't leave you like this it's cruel. Besides I caused it. Right?" "You know you did." "Good. Then I won't feel so bad about doing this." He removed his trench coat and began to unbutton the shirt underneath. Kissing up and down the angels chest he groaned "Dean. This is making it worse, please do something." "I'm getting to it babe." Babe. He called him babe. Cas liked the sound of that. His pants were being unbuttoned and he raised his hips off the bed so they could be removed. Dean's hand was now on his growing erection and he began to rub it while he remained kissing his chest, then he began to lick down his stomach and Cas couldn't take it. Where was this going? Was Dean going to eat his penis? He took his hand and pushed slightly on the hunters head, "alright alright I can take a hint" he said laughing. Stroking his dick through the boxers was enough to make him release semen but he decided to wait to see what Dean was going to do. Removing the angels boxers Dean licked the precum already beading out of his dick. The feeling was hot and made his stomach coil with lust and desire, suddenly his dick was being licked and sucked on slowly. The hunters tongue was licking around his dick and his hand was on his balls and the rest of his length. "Dean something is happening. I feel as though I'm going to explode." "Shh babe I got you. Just relax and let me help you." His stomach began to tighten and he moaned out loud. "Dean!" Semen was coming out of his penis and was all over Dean's face, but he didn't seem to mind. Instead he licked it up before pulling up the angels boxers. He kissed him and he could taste himself on the hunter, "Yes. Thank you."
“Dean.
Dean Winchester was undoubtedly handsome but he couldn’t allow himself to get close to anybody else. Walking into his class he groaned when he saw the green eyed man sitting in the back. Dammit. He chose the seat farthest away from him, but Dean just didn’t give up easily. Awaiting him to come over and talk to him he was surprised when nothing happened. Instead he stayed in his seat and talked to the guy next to him. The bell rang and he was glad that school was finally over and he could go home to his computer. Pulling out his phone to check for messages he saw one from Gabriel.
“What do you want from me? You already stole my grace what more could you want?” The shadow hovers above him with no face that was somehow even scarier up close.
Surprised that his brother actually kept the number he laughed, and picks up the phone. *New Message* FROM DAVE:
“Guess those two worked things out after all” he says to an empty, dusty room. He begins to pack up his laptop to leave when he hears the door being turned, who else would be here? Nobody else had a key except for hunters…
“I don’t need those sites, I actually haven’t been on it in months. All I need is
Notes: Okay. that was super cheesy^, and I'm sorry. Not actually. I am sorry that I'm living in a trash can with all of my destiel and cockles fics. Hope you enjoyed this fic! You're all so beautiful ^w^
Removing his hands from the dark hair, he shakes himself off, “You got attacked pretty badly, and you were dead for a while, well at least I thought you were. It looked bad man, I just I don’t know how you’re alive, but none of that matters, all that matters is that you’re okay. You are right?” “I think so but I’m feeling off, usually I can heal myself and at least recharge a bit but it’s not working. Dean. I think I may- I may be
Dean frowns and then sighs “Please?”
“Yeah, think it was a poltergeist.” “No, that was in Utah.” “Right, anyways does it matter?” “No-I just remembered something is all.” “Okay, well I’m going to get some grub. Salad, right?” “Yeah. Thanks.” Opening his laptop he opens up google.
was different, John was different. It all seemed to be too good to be true, but he ignored that gut feeling and bathed in the happiness.
PRESENT TIME*
Touching his hair he runs his hands along his face, trying to feel the same feeling he had in the dream. “Best not to dwell on what might have been Castiel.” A familiar voice looms above him.
“You’re such an idiot Dean.”
The angel nods but rolls his eyes, he’s a celestial being
Cas is humming along by the end of it and thanks Dean again for his Beatles t-shirt.
“He’s fine, although he just said he wasn’t feeling well but I think that’s more because of me than him actually being ill.”
“The bunker is
At this point, Cas is panting hard and writhing beneath Dean, trying to remove the hunters clothes as well. When he realizes what the angel’s doing he speeds it up and unbuttons his pants and kicks them off, leaving him in his boxers.
“Actually, it’s my brothers, he’s nuts about the classics. We have a garage full of them.”
“Shh. Hey. We can eat whatever you want, I’m going to take care of you now, it’s my turn.” He kisses the dark black hair on the angel’s head and rocks him back and forth.
An hour and a half in, Dean forgets all about his protest about the ‘gay cowboy’ movie, and is deep into the movie. So deep, that he doesn’t even bother pay attention when Cas starts to plant kisses on Dean’s face every time he sees a freckle.
“Are you wearing my underwear?”
“Dean. I’m not an angel anymore.” He said this looking down and tries to wiggle free of Dean’s arms.
Dean laughs at him again as they walk to the bedroom hand in hand, “Technically you did, were not going slow anymore, well I’m going to compromise.”
When they got into the 67’ Impala, Cas stood outside the car as if waiting for something. “What are you doing man? Get in. You can’t just teleport everywhere. You’ll waste your grace that way, and then what? I know you get brought back every time you die but there’s no guarantee on that, and I, uh me and Sam need you.” Cas laughed at Dean, he fucking laughed at him. In return the hunter gave him a bitch face with what the hell look combined. “Dean, I appreciate your concern but I was just waiting on you to unlock the door.” He blushed as realization washed over him, Oh. The drive over there was awkward, but half the time Dean spent with Cas was awkward. He didn’t know why but it always was like that. “Dean, I know what you meant earlier, and I’m not going to leave or die anytime soon, at least I sure hope not. When my grace fades I’ll be human again, but I plan on spending the remainder of my years as a human with you…and Sam of course.” Once again he blushed and he instantly regretted it, “Okay good. I didn’t plan on going anywhere anytime soon. Except maybe the grocery store of course.” They both laughed and he cherished this moment, Dean never laughed like this anymore but lately he found that when he did it was with him, his angel. Uh the angel. He couldn’t be his angel. They pulled up to the store and got out, as they were walking an older woman smiled at them. “You two are adorable, my son’s a homosexual and he just has the loveliest husband” she said walking towards the parking lot. Dean closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, he had heard this several times in many different ways but it was always with Sam. This time it was different. Sam was his brother which made it disgusting and wrong, but with Cas he didn’t feel so weirded out, just flattered and embarrassed. Cas looked at him with his head turned again and the damn eyebrow scrunch thing that was just too much. “Dean what is a homosexual? And why did that lady think we we’re husbands??” He ignored the question as he blushed again and walked into the store to get the groceries he needed. Onions, peppers, tomatoes, salad for later, and maybe some spaghetti for dinner tonight. Turkey, and beer. He was sure they had bread as he went over the list in his head. Cas grabbed a cart and pushed it towards Dean mimicking the other shoppers movements, he took it and walked towards the pasta aisle. “You said Sam wanted Vegetables, they were back there?” the angel said as he followed him into the pasta aisle. “Cas, you never buy perishables like that first, we’re having spaghetti tonight so I’m buying noodles and sauce first.” “Oh” was all the angel said in response, watching as the other man picked the noodles and sauce carefully, looking at each and every option.  Aha, dean thought as he finally found the specific sauce he was looking for and put it in the shopping cart. Next he would get the salad dressing, he skimmed until he came to right shelf. He quickly grabbed it and bee-lined to the vegetable and produce section. For good measure he also grabbed some milk and orange juice to go along with their very manly breakfast. When he turned around to talk to Cas, he saw that the angel had disappeared, typical. Just typical, he thought and scoffed. He shook his head angrily and walked towards the lettuce, suddenly Cas was in front of him holding a head of lettuce, tomatoes, peppers, and onions. This time it was Dean who moved his head in an odd way, “Uh Cas? How did you know that’s what I needed??” Cas just shrugged his shoulders and put the items in the cart, “As your guardian angel, I am always tuned into your thoughts as well as Sam, but my radio picks up yours more often out of concern…” “Dude, what the hell? You’ve been listening to my thoughts? That is private, man you can’t just go snooping around in my head. It’s creepy!” Cas frowned and walked towards him, “Does it bother you? I only do it so I can know at all times where you, and Sam, are.” He didn’t say anything in response he instead walked towards the front to pay. Freakin angels. “Dammit Cas, you can’t just invade on peoples thoughts like that, it’s not cool. Besides, Sam and I aren’t the ones who just up and disappear like you! We never know where you are! It worries me sick and yet you’re the one who’s tapped into our thoughts??!” Dean huffed as he put the items on the checkout counter and pulled out a fake credit card, he faked smiled at the cashier and slid his card. He grabbed the bags and put them in the back quickly leaving no room for the angel to speak about the outburst. Cas was still frowning as he looked at Dean and looked down as if he were a child that had just been scolded. “I won’t do it anymore, if it bothers you. I’m sorry Dean.” He didn’t bother looking at Cas knowing it would hurt him even more than the words he had already yelled and regretted. It was true, he worried every time the angel wasn’t in his line of sight because he was hunted by anything and everything. He never told anyone, but Sam always noticed how Dean would look around expecting to see the rogue angel behind him like he had after escaping Purgatory. He had never been so happy to see anyone alive in his life, not even Sam, and it scared the hell out of him. He was straight he shouldn’t be so happy to see another man, but every time he saw Cas in the bunker, in his home, it made him happy. He didn’t lie when he said he needed Cas, he did, but not for the reasons everybody thought. The angel completed the hunter, in many ways Castiel was Dean’s Jessica. What the fuck. Man you need to pull it together, it had been awhile since he had gotten laid and maybe that would set his mind right. When they reached the bunker Dean was stopped by a big rough hand, “Dean, I know I leave a lot, and I’m sorry. I didn’t know it upset you so much. I won’t read your mind anymore but if it’s okay, I’d still like to help make the omelets with you.” He smiled at Dean, and grabbed the groceries from him before saying, “Oh yes, I bought you pie as well, just so it would make up for the intrusion earlier. I’m truly sorry.” He handed the pecan pie to his friend and Dean smiled accepting the peace offering.
“I’m no expert at what’s rude to humans but wouldn’t it also be rude to lie to me just to prank your brother? Did you even consider
Chapter One: Bobby’s.
“Dean?” A low voice call’s out beneath him and he realizes he’s still holding the angel in his arms. “Hey. Just bringing you inside, you okay?” “Fine, I’m just confused as to why you’re still carrying me.” Sam stifles a laugh “Uh uh I was just talking to Sammy-but he uh said that your little knock outs are just symptoms of the transition of becoming a human. I was just going to take you to your room.” “I don’t mind Dean, I just I know that these things usually make you uncomfortable.” “Yeah but you’re sick, sick people get a pass, especially when they’re my best friend. So can it. Go back to sleep if you want, I’m going to put you in your room, call out if you need anything.” Cas tries to go back to sleep after Dean sets him down on the bed and tucks him in, but he can’t go back to sleep no matter how hard he tries. Sighing he tries to get up and musters up enough strength to sit the front half of his body up. His headache has lessened, the ibuprofen Dean gave him helped tremendously. Swallowing hard he realizes he must be dehydrated, his mouth is dry and his stomach is indicating signs of hunger.“Sam? Dean?” Only calling out once both of the Winchesters appear ready for crisis. “You okay?” “Dean-I’m fine. I just can’t move a lot and I find that I require nutrition and water. My mouth is very dry.” “That’s to be expected I guess, come on. Sammy and I will help you.” Sam however has different plans “This one’s all you Dean.”
*Hours later*
NOTE: I know I put in a reference to Twist and Shout, no harm intended, I love the story, and the song. I am a firm believer that Dean can dig Elvis. Anywhoo this next chapter will no longer be in Sammy’s POV. It will mostly be in Castiel’s. Enjoy the feels!
. After reading the words cowboys he stops and presses play. Surely Dean would love a movie about cowboys and romance, and nowhere did he see anything about guns or violence. Actually it was the perfect combination of the two movies.
Dean’s broken voice pulls him out of his thoughts,
Mimicking Dean, he placed his hands on his face and into his hair. Sexual energy buzzed around them.
“It was back? And you expect me to believe that
They kissed softly for a few moments, taking some time to explore the new experience. When Dean pulled away, he had no doubt or worry in his mind. They had plenty of time now.
“Um. Do you have burgers?”
When they return from the bakery, Cas had tried every single type of pastry they made. Soon his favorite flavor was deemed Chocolate, especially chocolate pie.
Dean always got complemented on his good looks, but when it came from guys he got flustered and upset. He waited for the drama to begin, trying to look closer as to what was going on he gets up and moves closer but out of Dean’s eyesight. “You uh from around here?” Dean smiles and shakes his head “Nah, just passing through. Can I get another round?” “Sure thing, this one’s on the house.” Taken aback Dean tilts his head “Who do I thank for the free drink?” “My names David, but a handsome guy like you can call me Dave.”
“You’re human?”
“No.”
“Hey just calling to check in. How’s Cas doing?”
“Well I guess those little KO’s are helping you recharge better than what we thought eh?” “Good thing too, I’m sure you grew weary of carrying me everywhere. Side’s, now we can go shopping and ‘update’ my wardrobe as you say.” Dean nods groggily and gets up, lending an arm to help the angel off the couch. “Uh yeah definitely. Good night. Oh, never ever tell anybody that I watched The Notebook, or I’ll kill you.” He says smiling at the angel, and it takes him a minute to catch on but when he does he returns the smile. “Who would I tell? I’m your only friend!” A freckled middle finger is extended towards him as he begins to leave the living room he stops. “Come on, don’t make me carry you to your room.” “Dean, that’s not necessary I am perfectly capable of walking
. They were perfect together, and now they found their way back to each other. Only, Allie was engaged to another man. How would they ever figure this out? Completely forgetting about the angel sitting next to him he feels him shift and put a hand over his face. The blue eyes are misty and full of awe. Noah and Allie have moved inside to their ’love house’ and are in the middle of fucking each other’s brains out when Sam walks in. Cas can’t be bothered by it, but Dean could care less about their sex scene, which is very out of character for him.
going to enjoy this movie.
And you killed it?”
Cas sat on the empty black space and thought about Dean. Beautiful Dean Winchester. He knew that the Winchesters would succeed in saving the world.
Dean makes a face “No sir.”
“We can watch another movie if you want to, I’m kind of hungry though, do you want to get some take out?”
Dean liked pie? Anna baked an apple one a couple of days ago and maybe it was still good. “Anna? Do we have any of that apple pie left?” “Yeah there’s a piece left.” Good he could take it with him to school tomorrow as a peace offering. He went to bed happy with his plan, everything would be better tomorrow.
feelings about all of this? Oh wait, no you didn’t because both you and your brother think that quote ‘angels are winged dicks’. Well you both are ‘dicks’ as well. Goodbye Sam.” Grabbing the angels shoulder he gives him his best puppy dog eyes, something that works on
