John's heart began to pound in his chest. Greg had called Sherlock? His flatmate would take one look at him and know and that was the last thing he wanted. It was bad enough that Greg knew what happened. But he didn't think he could handle Sherlock knowing.
John had been watching Sherlock throughout the ride back to the flat, looking for words to say. But nothing came to mind, nothing that wasn’t mindless small talk, something that Sherlock hated. Instead he sat their in silence, his injured arm held close to his chest subconsciously. He could feel the tension in the cab and wanted nothing more than to find a way to cut, tear it in half and relieve the pressure that was building. He wanted to go back and change the last few hours of their lives. Take back what he had done to Sherlock, defend him against Moran, perhaps stopping him from going out all together. That was impossible though.
Mycroft calls Anthea on his way back to London, asking for a car to pick him up at the airport. She doesn't ask questions instead just says one will be waiting for him on the tarmac before telling him what Hospital Sherlock has been taken to. He takes a moment to smile as he hangs up. Of course she would have known why he was coming back, she would have known he was leaving when he checked out. He'll have to get her a nice gift to show her his appreciation at some point.
The words come easily out of John's mouth and it takes a moment for them to sink into Sherlocks head. It seemed too good to be true. John was reaching out, telling him he was there for him. Sherlock could only nod at Johns words. They seemed so surreal.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed slightly not pleased in the slightest at the fact his little brother was being talking about like something that was easily disposable when people where not to fond of him.
“It’s not okay.” Sherlock muttered as he turned slightly and looked at john, his hands buried into the pockets of his sleep pants, clenched into fists as he tried to control his emotions, but John could tell he was so close to giving in, from the way his voice wavered to the way his eyes were rimmed red from the tears collecting in his eyes. It was hurting the doctor to see the taller man this way, holding back because he thought it wasn’t okay to cry because he had done it so much of it since this had begun.
"Yeah, I'll come get you mate. " Greg answered and John could hear the faint sound if a chair scrapping against the floor. "Stay on the line with me Alright?"
Tears prick the back of his eyes the soap stings the raw skin of his flesh. He moves mechanically as he scrubs the dried blood and fluid from his thighs before he sets out to scrubs between his legs. A sob escapes his lips and tears slid down his face as he sets out to feverishly clean what is left of the men from his body.
Sherlock knew he was being impatient as he wondered what was taking Mycroft so long to appear at his door. There would be plenty of things to go over, plenty of things to tidy up before he could come and talk to Sherlock, debrief him in a way that meant this entire ordeal was over. Well as over as much as it could be.
He can't tell if he is and Sherlock turns back around to attempt to get to his feet only to find himself starring at Jean clad knees.
He closed his eyes against the swimming vision above him. He didn't want to see it if it was a dream, he didn't want to be disappointed.
John shifted his weight as he looked from Sherlock’s back to Mycroft, the anger had subsided to confusion, why had Mary said such a thing? She didn’t know Sherlock, nor their dynamic. She didn’t know what he had been through or the fact he needed someone to be with him to remind him that the demons that haunted his dreams were gone. Dead.
Sherlock remains quiet but diverts his eyes from the kitchen to the wall behind the couch. He attempts to keep his body free of tension but it's difficult.
John stood in the doorway of the bathroom, his eyes fixed on Sherlock as he stood in front of the sink, his hands clutching the edges as if the porcelain was some sort of Life support.
“I missed you and I wanted to see you.” Mary stated once he had placed the bags on the counter and moved to put away the purchases.
"They'll take my words and twist them john, newspapers and tabloids are infamous for turning things into something their not. You know that. In fact you said it yourself. You saw what that article Kitty Reilly wrote about me did. That just wasn't a few things I said she twisted around, it was my entire life.” Sherlock countered, his eyes focused on John’s face as his hands twitched at his sides before coming up to rest on John’s sides.
“Why don't you just scurry out of here before your oh so valiant effort will be in vain.” Moran stated as he raised his weapon, his thumb clicking off the safety.
“This is big news to them, they will want to know and they will go through any means to get the story, Just like Kitty Riley.”
John’s brow furrowed as he rounded the first set of stairs, the final steps to the flat were illuminated and as he made his way up he realized that the door to the flat was open. It was strange, since Sherlock had insisted that John close the door on his way out to the store. It wasn’t an unreasonable request given the events of the last few weeks, months actually, but John had never once thought that Sherlock would have opened the door unless there was someone he knew there, or someone that had been sent by Greg or Mycroft.
"I can't go home." John finally spoke, his voice soft, softer than either of the other men had heard it. "I have a shift at the clinic."
Mycroft doubted that Sherlock had actually signed away his right to privacy and distributed his own medical records to people he didn’t know let alone trust. Especially since he was trying to keep under the radar until he was comfortable admitting he was alive on his own. And yet there he was staring at the paper that was obviously filled out and signed with a rather decent forgery of his Brother’s signature.
“There is still the matter of the press of course, which is something you will have to handle brother mine.” Mycroft said as he broke the silence and Sherlock nodded in agreement.
“No, I just told him to leave instead. It was easier than finding out later on I was just a bother to him.”
He was tucked away in the small sofa that lined the wall behind Greg's door, hidden from view of those who passed by the open door. It put Sherlock at ease with this arrangement, but he was still weary of those who ventured farther than the door could hide him. But until then he was perfectly fine looking through the files, making notes on the paper he had been given to slip into each file when he was done. It was calm and quiet within the confines if the DI's office even with the hustle and bustle that was occurring in the squad room just beyond the door, and for the most part, it was nice, a slice of the normal life he had had before, made somewhat better since no one knew he was there to make snide comments about him.
The blonde man frowned, had he? He didn’t remember leaving anything that said where he could have been found, not to mention it didn’t sound like something he would do, not with everything that as going on at the moment with the media frenzy and the idea was to keep Sherlock as safe as possible. Something wasn’t right there, but he just nodded and finished putting things were they belonged in silence.
Mycroft backed off slightly, his eyes sweeping over John looking for any signs of deception, but there where none. He still had half a mind to send John away before ordering his execution, however he knew that wouldn’t be fair to Sherlock especially if John truly knew where to find Moran.
"To think I was going to go easy on you...prepare you, make it enjoyable, for you...too bad you ruined that by trying to escape."
Mycroft is nearly at his wits end after he finishes the last of the film he decided to take. He sits back against the chair and runs his hands over his face in frustration before a strike of genius hits him and he sits up quickly and fished his phone from his pocket. He takes no time to quickly type out a text to someone who would know better than he would at this moment.
"I can see why Boss likes you so much." He said as he slipped the rope free. "And since you don't really have anything planned, I think I’ll take a turn now." Sherlock's eyes widened at Moran's words. Take a turn? God. No. Not again. The detective began to fight back as much as he could, finding the energy to try and lash out at the man who just chuckled as he twisted his arm as he turned him onto his back.
“I’m beginning to doubt it,” Sherlock grumbled, huffing a shallow sigh and shifting on the sofa. “I don’t even think I’m growing anymore. I think I have reached maximum baby capacity.”
John nodded and glanced across at the mirror. “So I’ll be behind you?” he asked, imagining himself propping up a laboring Sherlock and watching their babies being born.
It was just beginning to get dark outside when Sherlock squatted clumsily for another contraction. This time, he didn’t make any noise, just breathed harshly and shook hard enough for John to feel. It took a moment for John to figure out what was happening, but he gasped when he realised that Sherlock was pushing. “That’s it,” John said, dropping to his knees next to Sherlock and rubbing his shoulder. “That’s it, she’s coming. She’s on her way.”
“It is a very large feat,” Sherlock agreed, tipping his chin up so he could see John, albeit sideways. “Speaking of, you should get over here and rub my very large feet. I can just
“Love you,” John said, nudging Sherlock toward the bed. When Sherlock’s thighs hit the mattress John stopped them both, stretching up to kiss Sherlock deeply. Sherlock responded in kind, happily returning John’s affections. It was like slipping into a comfortable role - though the sex had never gotten rote, the mechanics were the same as usual and Sherlock found comfort in the eager kisses, the soft noises and familiar touches.
Sherlock felt frayed raw, but with both his babies in his arms at last, he was more content than he’d been in months. He crooned quietly to his daughters, taking a damp cloth from John to clean them off a little to last until John bathed them both. Alena, their firstborn, was dark-haired and had John’s nose. Sian, their second daughter, had John’s blond hair and John’s thin lips. Both girls were healthy and hale, Alena at six and a half pounds and Sian at a robust seven. Within an hour Sherlock had delivered both placentas and John had changed the sheets. As the midafternoon sun shone in through the tall window, Sherlock, Sian and Alena slept, and John kept watch over his family.
Marjorie dried up in mid-February, just as Sherlock started to produce milk. His breasts were puffy and tender for a few days, and one evening as they were sat on the sofa, Sherlock nearly dozing off as John stroked his swollen stomach, that he felt his shirt dampen. "John," Sherlock murmured, and sat up on John's lap, palms brushing his chest and coming away wet. "Oh."
Sherlock felt the pressure in his body changing and moving down and responded in the only way his body knew how. He bore down hard, finally working with his body instead of fighting the pain. His strength was flagging now, after more than twelve hours of labor, but this was the home stretch. “Bath,” he said roughly once the contraction was over. “Need the hot water.” John nodded and left him to put the plug in the tub and turn the water on.
“I don’t think I can wait any longer,” Sherlock said sadly when they pulled back. John’s gaze traveled from the serval’s head to his feet, lingering on the swell of his belly, the painful curve of his spine, and the bags under his eyes.
Sherlock looked up at John, the barest hint of a grin on his face. “Don’t get your hopes up too high.” John’s face fell. “It could be, though. I’ve had a few this morning, but this was stronger than the others. Let’s just wait it out.”
John’s hand, which had paused in its scratching, resumed briefly as he resigned himself to buying out the beef section in the grocery that night.
Sherlock merely grunted and moved toward the sofa, eager to sit down. The carriage ride over had not been easy on him, and his back felt a shambles. John kissed Violet’s cheeks in delayed greeting and, shrugging off his own coat and hat, followed through to the sitting room.
“There’s going to be no shortage of jokes about ‘moving quickly,’” John agreed. He finished buttoning his shirt and looked at Sherlock in the mirror. “But I think you look as handsome today as you did a year ago. More, even. A bit of a belly looks good on you.”
When the flames have died out, John strides to the window, flings it open, and turns to survey the room.
As the contractions worsened, growing closer together and stronger, Sherlock couldn’t help but make noise. At first, low groans were enough, but when he started to whine high in his throat, John could feel things becoming more urgent. Panic was batting at the edges of both of their composures, and Sherlock felt anxious and scared. “It -
And she was beautiful. He clutched her to himself, holding her close and secure, counting her fingers and toes and
“She’s pregnant,” he repeated, more slowly. Some things never changed. John threw a baked bean at him and it hit him in the shoulder, catching on the fibres of his sweater. Sherlock picked it off and ate it. “Of course she’s pregnant,” he added. “She’s twenty-nine years old and has been mated and married for three years, and she’s never planned a visit without you hounding her into it. Why would she voluntarily plan a trip, if not other than to tell us they’re starting a family?”
The man laid on his side, facing Tess’s bassinet, and John curled up behind him, one arm laying over his waist. His warmth ebbed into Sherlock’s tired muscles, relaxing them a little, and within a minute Sherlock was asleep, too deeply to dream. Tess’s quiet but regular breaths lulled John to follow. Downstairs, Cara slept in bed with her granny, dreaming of a dark-haired little sister she’d been waiting so long to meet.
“She wants to make sure she doesn’t have to share a day with our anniversary, clearly,” John said, reaching up to rub the bottom of Sherlock’s belly.
Sherlock twisted his upper body and reached out for John, pulling him close and kissing him wetly and open-mouthed. John moaned Sherlock’s name and adjusted their positions, pulling himself half on top of Sherlock and rutting against his hip. His hand slid down between their bodies and wrapped around Sherlock’s cock, pulling him off in short, quick strokes. Sherlock shuddered with pleasure, eyes falling closed, and ground down into John’s touches. “More,” he gasped, breathing too quickly for kissing now.
“And the baby will be here,” Soren replied, smiling at his daddy when he pulled back. Sherlock reached up to brush the blond curls from Soren’s forehead. Their oldest was growing into a handsome young man, with his papa’s eyes and nose and his daddy’s curly hair. “Will you be okay, daddy?” he asked.
“Nervous. Me, too,” John said, doing up his cuffs. He looked across at Sherlock, who was finished buttoning his shirt and was tucking it into his trousers. He felt a little flush rise to his cheeks when Sherlock buttoned the waistband. Tight.
John barely kept himself from letting out a whoop. “Fuck yes,” he said, reaching under Sherlock’s gravid belly and shoving his pants down to his thighs and kicking them off. His cock sprang up upon its release as if seeking Sherlock’s hole. John hardly had to guide it to the loose, ready entrance to Sherlock’s body and then they were joined, Sherlock shivering and moaning. John let him move as he needed to, let him use his cock. His motions were less up and down and more forward and back, the depth of penetration less important than the pleasure of being filled.
“Probably under the bed, or they got lost in the wash,” Soren said, settling back in next to Sherlock with a shrug. “Granny says the machine eats them.”
Sherlock nodded and swallowed. The nausea was still there, but not as bad as before. “I think so,” he said, and smiled wryly as John let out a whoop.
Sherlock remembers the feelings from the last time—the worry, the anticipation, the discomfort—but this time he can only focus on the possibility of what’s to come. He doesn’t mind if she kicks, or stretches, or punches, or keeps him up at night. He doesn’t care if she rolls around or makes it hard for him to stand or makes him unsteady when he walks. He could endure years of practice contractions and aching breasts and loose hips, just so long as she
The serval paced for awhile longer. His back and belly swayed side to side with the bulk of their kittens. He yowled every few minutes during contractions, standing with his spine hunched and his tail quivering. The bag of waters emerged bit by bit, jostled by twitches of his tail.
Somehow, his more-than-tipsy Alpha managed to fall asleep at the reins, despite the bumpy ride. Sherlock sighed and took them up, letting John snore inelegantly beside him. The horse knew the way almost as well as Sherlock did, and the roads were near deserted thanks to the hour and the weather. He winced when the carriage wheel hit a pothole, jarring the seat and sending a sharp pain up his back. John stayed sleeping soundly, his head lolling against the seat back as the carriage righted itself and swayed back to level.
John leant over and scooped Calvin and Faith up, earning happy purrs from both kittens. “Come on, beautiful kittens. Let’s see whether you’re beautiful like your daddy or if you got more of papa’s genes,” he crooned, smiling as Calvin climbed up onto his shoulders. “Silly kittens.” John scratched the red-collared cat and followed Sherlock into the living room, his heart full to bursting. Sherlock reached out for his hand and held it tight, their fingers linked together, a promise.
He set John’s re-filled glass down on the table but kept hold of his, standing right next to John. He made eye contact with his partner and then put his hand on his stomach, drawing John’s attention down. “Look how full we are,” he said, rubbing over the top of his stomach where he was the fullest. His t-shirt was tight now, stretching across his middle. He took a drink of his water, feeling the weight of it move into his stomach now that he was standing. He drank half the glass standing in front of John, who was watching Sherlock’s stomach with rapt attention. “I believe that means you need to drink,” Sherlock said, wiping his mouth.
"No, it's not. Nothing's okay. I'm-" He broke off with a grunt as he pushed himself to his feet and stalked over to the counter, gripping the worktop with both hands. "I'm pregnant, my body's trying to bond with an Alpha who isn't interested, and-"
“If she’s anything like her mum, she’ll wake you herself.” John smiled. “Sleep well. You earned that one. Your daughter and I will try to give you some rest.”
"Don't fret about the sheep, John. That's the first time I've checked them in three weeks. They're low maintenance, the least of your worries." Sherlock started back up the hill, snapping his fingers. John was about to protest being treated like a dog when the
“The signal is really poor,” John said, flicking through another channel that was half static. “Cell service is bad, too. It’s still snowing out, I think it must be interfering with the signal.”
“Almost, almost, almost,” Sherlock sighed, wincing as the contraction ended. “Almost only counts in horse-shoes and hand grenades. Not in childbirth.” John laughed and Sherlock even cracked a smile, prying his eyes open and looking up at John. Even in late labor, his eyes still shone with love. John kissed the center of his forehead tenderly.
“You,” John said, swiping at a tear, “Are the strongest man I have ever met, and you’re so close. Keep going, love. Our daughter’s so close.”
Sherlock's head is still turned away. That little thing, that tiny refusal, is somehow more enraging than the fire, or the sex, or the lying lifeless on the couch. John gives Sherlock one rough shake.
Sherlock felt huge. John had been feeding him small sips of water on and off for over an hour, and his stomach was very full. He hadn’t had much to eat for dinner, but drinking a few bottles of water on top of a regular meal was still enough to have him bloated - full, but not uncomfortable. He rolled onto his back with some effort and slid a hand down to rest on his stomach, which was warm under his soft t-shirt.
“What are you doing?” John asked thickly, his thighs spread wide and belly sticking out proudly on his middle.
Sighing and rubbing his sore shoulder, John looked around to survey the room. It was relatively well-lit, borderline crowded and just noisy enough that he couldn't overhear much conversation. Not quite what he'd been expecting from a run-down pub in a such a remote village in the badlands of Scotland, but it was a pleasant surprise.
John’s face, wrinkled with concern, smooths into softness and trust. How much this man trusts him! It makes Sherlock’s heartbeat thump painfully in his chest.
He’d gone to bed without a shirt. Now, Sherlock rolls halfway off and pulls John’s pants partway down, leaving John naked from neck to knees. John shuts his eyes and tries not to think of the ugly scar above Sherlock’s pelvis as Sherlock crouches over him on all fours and plants wet kisses down his body. As Sherlock latches onto John’s nipple and flicks his tongue over the hard peak, John tries to blot out the memory of Sherlock’s swollen breasts and bruise-dark areolas.
No, heats weren’t what they used to be, and sometimes Sherlock missed it. Sometimes he longed for the heady need, the desire to claim and be claimed. He didn’t want to be gentled open with cold lubricant from a bottle, he wanted to be fucked hard and fast and hear his own hot wetness in the slaps of John’s hips against his arse. He wanted John’s teeth on his neck, not his lips. He wanted the stretch of John’s knot inside him.
Sherlock wasn’t so sure, but he shoved hard anyway and the burning came back. He knew he was shouting this time, bearing down as hard as he could. The white-hot pain crested and just when he thought it couldn’t get any worse, he felt Joanna’s body slide fast and slick out of his own, and just like that --
They laid in bed after a large dinner, which had put Sherlock in something of a food coma. The carnivore really had gorged himself, so now his stomach was uncomfortably full in addition to the other aches and pains of his pregnancy. John laid behind him, arm looped over his side to rub at his full tummy in the hopes of bringing some relief.
Now, John sits in the rocking chair, where he should be holding his baby as she falls asleep, and goes through the memory box one piece at a time. He touches his fingertips to the stamped image of her tiny toes and remembers how soft her skin was. He doesn’t dare open the little bag holding the lock of hair, because it’s still in the shape of one perfectly formed curl and he doesn’t want to break it apart. He looks at the photographs they took of her face and marvels at how she looks as if she were just sleeping. She felt like it, too, still warm from Sherlock’s body, although that warmth ebbed away so fast. John remembers trying to hold her closer, to give her what little life and heat he could for what little time they had.
“Not sure it’s a good idea, Sherlock,” John said, leaning back. Sherlock noticed that the waistband of his pajama pants were bowing under his rounded belly. He felt - his own were doing the same. They had gotten so full and round that their clothes were struggling to cover them.
Things had seemed so bright and exciting the day John left for the RAF. Following in his father's footsteps, serving his country and using his medical license in what must've been the most intense way possible. But just five weeks ago he'd been invalided out with a brand-new hole in his shoulder, and now he was recovering - sort of. Trekking across Scotland wasn't what his therapist had suggested for rehabilitation, but John couldn't stand to rot in a hospital and talk to a shrink all day. He had to
“Poor man,” John murmured, sliding the boning down into place over Sherlock’s stomach and starting to do up the laces again. “Not much more of this to endure, with any luck. A Christmas baby, perhaps, or New Years at the latest.”
Tears gathered again in Sherlock’s eyes. He let them fall on his nightgown, blinking them away to see his daughter in his arms. She wailed, her eyes tight shut and fists waving in protest. She was wet and her head and shoulders were streaked with blood, but her skin was lightening to a healthy pink as her lungs worked to draw in air for the first time. A few wisps of dark hair were messy on her head.
John rolled his eyes and turned the kettle on. “I don’t suppose you’ve been keeping track of your very regular, localised back pain,” he said conversationally.
She’s huge and my bladder is not.” He stepped past John and out into the aisle, heading once more for the tiny toilet at the back of the train car. It was a tight squeeze when one wasn’t enormously pregnant, he thought, maneuvering into the little closet and closing the door behind himself. He hated the sigh of relief he let out, having made the same noise not forty minutes ago for the same reason, but felt marginally better once he was finished. They only had another thirty minutes to go before they reached Wareham, and Sherlock hoped that was the last trip he’d need to the loo until they got there.
baby - rolling under his palms. He rested his forehead on Sherlock's belly, pressing occasional kisses to the skin as Sherlock petted his head. "I'm gonna be a dad," he whispered into Sherlock's stomach. "Hello, little one, I'm your daddy. And I love you, and I love your papa. God, I'm gonna be a daddy."
Sherlock pushed with the contraction when it started, but the progress this time was slower. “This one’s bigger,” he said roughly, and that combined with his flagging strength concerned him. His brow furrowed and his eyes were closed as he bore down, hitching one leg up and grabbing behind his thigh for leverage.
“I bet you are,” John replied, and leaned close to his partner as if lending him strength. They lapsed into quiet again, waiting.
John looked down at him, his eyes bright. Sherlock saw no grey hair, no wrinkles - he saw John, as he’d always seen him, strong and beautiful and full of light. He made a noise of need and dragged John down by the neck, kissing him deeply and desperately. “Please,” he gasped, his heel digging into John’s thigh. “Please, John, I - I need...”
The gears clicked into place in Sherlock's head, and his heart stopped pounding and his breathing evened and he climbed shakily to his feet. The baby stopped wriggling and Sherlock rubbed his distended middle for a few moments, residual nerves still making his arms tremble and his knees weak.
She chuckled and laid a frail hand on John's arm. "Of course you wouldn't know, love. Now, something about a gift for your mate, you say? Well, I do a little bit of knitting on the side, but in the case you don't want lumpy jumpers or holey blankets, I'd suggest the little shop just outside of town…"
They had to alternate after that. Each bite of cake was followed by a small sip of milk, and a minute to recover in between. Sherlock’s body was threatening to reject each bite, his stomach making unhappy noises and cramping at irregular intervals, drawing cries from the overstuffed man. Sherlock arched his back even more, trying to give his belly more room to expand, but no amount of squirming and shifting made any more space in his packed stomach.
Near the end, when Sherlock’s energy is almost entirely drained, he lies in the lull between waves as John noses along the back of his neck and words crawl from his mouth against his will.
Sherlock's pulse was beating wildly beneath his chest, but as he held on, John could feel it start to steady. When it felt like Sherlock was steadier, John led him carefully to the couch.
Sherlock fell asleep first, quickly followed by Reuben. Soren, his curiosity sated, dropped off into a nap leaning against Sherlock. John, after a moment’s contemplation, pulled a blanket over the whole group of them and joined his beautiful family in sleep.
John returned a few minutes later with a pair of gloves and a disposable scalpel - he’d found an emergency medical kit in a kitchen cupboard. “Not well-stocked, but it’ll do. I’ll tie her off with some gauze and then use the scalpel for the cord,” he said, cutting a length of gauze from the roll and tying off her umbilical cord in two places. She started to pink up as soon as the cord was cut, and her cries gradually quieted until she was resting peacefully on Sherlock’s belly, halfway in the still-warm water.
It’s terrifying. All of it, from start to finish, utterly nightmarish. The knowledge that everything he was doing now was everything he did last time, and that this one, like the last, could end the same way. It was out of Sherlock’s control.
There was no answer, but he hadn’t expected one. He could only hope that the walk would spur something to happen soon. He sat for a little while longer and then hauled himself up to stand. He straightened up and pressed a hand to his lower back to ease a crick, and then felt a sickening swoop of nausea that had him almost doubled over. He was braced against the park bench when a cramp grabbed at his spine and held on tight, leaving him panting. He was still trying to catch his breath when John ran back over. “Sherlock?”
John cleared his plate at about the same time and looked up at Sherlock. His eyes drifted lower, to Sherlock’s middle, and Sherlock obligingly smoothed his hand over his rounded stomach. “Two full Christmas meals and some seconds in there,” he said. “I’m ready for more, though, if you are.” Had this been a regular meal, Sherlock would throw in the towel now and go take a nap, but they had a lot more food yet to eat.
It was only another minute until the next contraction came, as strong as the last. He tucked his chin to his chest and grunted, curling his spine and shoving hard. He felt her move, this time, felt her body shifting within him. He stopped when John told him to, before the contraction was quite over, and fought with trembling effort to keep from pushing again.
In a fit of pique, Sherlock pulled his shirt from his waistband and released the strings at the base of his stays, relieving some of the pressure. He almost immediately regretted it - what little lumbar support he had was now gone, and all the strain of his weight was concentrated on the weaker part of his back, already strained by this girth and the weight of the baby he carried. He let out a little whine as his back smarted.
John poured the milk into the cooler, rinsed the bucket, and dashed out to where the bull's pen was. Sherlock was just tipping the bottle to make sure the calf got the last of his milk when John arrived, and the man simply handed off the bottle and walked back to the house to feed the chickens - the last of the evening chores, as far as John knew. After that…
Sherlock let out a loud burp and let his palm slide over the top of his stomach, which was rounding out even more. “This is a large milkshake,” he said a bit thickly, watching his stomach rise and fall with each breath. “I won’t be able to eat much lasagna if I finish this.”
He hears a thump from upstairs, and his heart leaps into his throat. There’s only one room upstairs with anything in it. Sherlock hasn’t been up there since before the—before they came home, so what is he—
“I don’t think you can, either,” John agreed, shrugging off his coat and toeing off his shoes. “Do you want to do it now, or have dinner first?”
It took three more hard pushes to bring Joanna’s head to crown. Standing at Sherlock’s side, John could see her little scalp starting to emerge, and he had to swipe at tears with his shoulder. The peekaboo sliver slid back in when Sherlock’s push ended. “I saw her,” John said tearfully, pressing a quick kiss to Sherlock’s head. “I saw her head, oh my god, she’s so close.”
“It’s alright. So does your papa, even if he won’t admit it. Sleeps with his socks on.” Sherlock looked up at John with a wry grin and shook his head. Soren looked at John, appalled, and let out the most emphatic ‘ew’ Sherlock had ever heard.
John counted down a quick ‘one, two, three’ and lifted Sherlock by the hips, wincing when the man coughed out a noise of pain. Sherlock’s arm flung out to brace himself on the mattress and he tried to use what upper body strength he had to pad his own controlled fall, but it mostly failed and he collapsed half on his back on the bed next to John.
“I didn’t think either,” John replied, shaking his head and swiping Sherlock’s curls back from his forehead. “Good to know it still works after all these years.” Sherlock barked a laugh and kissed John softly, lips lingering on his mate’s.
are limited, but the options are still numerous,” John countered, helping Sherlock out of his trousers and pants before stripping off his own. “I could blow you, I could straddle you and you could blow
John moved behind Sherlock and rubbed his thighs and buttocks and lower back, waiting. “I can see you stretching,” he said, Sherlock’s body gone wide in preparation. It took two more hard pushes for him to see the shadow of her head emerging, just centimeters inside his canal but coming down slowly. “I can touch her,” came the words, shaky. “She’s right here.”
“We did a lot of walking around earlier,” John reasoned, and Sherlock nodded. John sat his own mug down on the kitchen island and walked around behind Sherlock, rucking up his shirt to rub his lower back. Sherlock made a pained noise but allowed John to work at his sore muscles, knowing that John wasn’t going to make it worse. He felt a little better after a few minutes, but there was only so much relief he could get, at this stage. He resumed drinking his tea while John tried to find something to watch on the television.
"I see." Sherlock sighed. "Well, we shan't find out until it's born. There's not an obstetrician within a hundred and fifty miles of here."
"No, I'm not letting you walk out there on your own. It's pouring buckets of rain, you could slip and fall. I'm waiting for you." Sherlock almost snarled an argument, but stopped at the look on John's face.
“You’ve got the figure of a mum. A beautiful mum,” John said, lifting his other hand to cup Sherlock’s middle as the man rocked in his lap. He shifted, trying not to break the rhythm as he pushed himself up to half-sit, and took Sherlock’s nipple into his mouth.
“You’re going to ruin our trip if you decide to come tomorrow, you know,” Sherlock told her, looking at his reflection in the mirror. “Even I don’t have the constitution to go on holiday the day after giving birth. You’ve waited this long, wait a few more days until we’re back home. Your father has nearly had a stroke worrying about what we’ll do if you come whilst we’re on holiday.” Sherlock, for his part, refused to consider it. They were going to go on holiday, celebrate Christmas, come home and
"Yes, that's so! What are you expecting, for me to break down and reveal some awful plot for your demise? That I'm supposed to sic your sheep on you, or unpack some deathly bacterium to toss in your milk supply and then dispose of your body afterwards?" Sherlock didn't look up from chopping his carrots. "Christ, Sherlock, what kind of life do you lead if that's a thought you'd even remotely entertain?"
To John's immense relief, the noise level in the bar didn't waver when he walked through the door, wind gusting and rain flying nearly horizontally in behind him. He closed the door hurriedly and immediately shucked off his coat, shivering slightly as the water that had permeated the cloth and soaked into his shirt began to cool.
Sherlock fumbled for the calf's nostrils and gripped them between his thumb and forefinger, feeling the amniotic sac rupture and soak his arm and trousers. "We've got to get it out fast, the sac just broke," he grunted, and motioned for John to keep going, keep cranking.
“Let me go get my bag,” John said quietly, dropping a kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder over his bond bite. “Cut the cord and clean her up. Just a mo.” He moved out from behind Sherlock as carefully as he could, trying not to shift Sherlock around. He returned a few moments later with his bag and some towels, setting the bag down at the foot of the bed and rooting around for clamps and a pair of scissors. He clamped her umbilical cord as it stopped pulsing and made a precise cut to sever it, and just like that she was her own human being.
Greg arrived a few minutes later and also told Sherlock not to bother standing up, he was just as capable of saying hello from a sitting position and he had hardly ever bothered to stand up to greet people before he was pregnant, anyhow. Sherlock tossed the crumpled wrapping paper from Molly’s gift at Greg’s head when he turned to walk away, aiming perfectly. Even John had to laugh as he chastised Sherlock for his bad behavior.
told her,” Sherlock said, throwing his arms up in defeat. “I told her no, and you told her no, so I’m hoping that I’m just having back pain. Very regular, localised back pain.”
John’s stomach was just as full as Sherlock’s was, which was a small comfort. John seemed to regret chugging the water as he was holding his stomach very carefully and watching Sherlock rub his. Sherlock took a shallow breath and moved until he had backed John into the countertop again, but this time with their full stomachs pressing together between them. He did his best to ignore the pain of pressing his middle into John’s, watching John’s eyes go wide.
“Nothing,” Sherlock says, and sees Joanna relax just slightly before Cameron comes in, arms full of bags and boxes for James to unpack. “Now, let’s see about giving the birthday boy some cake. Everyone deserves a little celebration for their birthday.”
John cut him off with what was possibly the most effective method he'd used yet - standing up, taking Sherlock's face in his hands, and kissing him fiercely.
"Finally!" Sherlock said triumphantly, and withdrew his arm, slick with fluids, gripping the chain tight in one hand and keeping tension on the legs. "There's an old comealong hanging on the other side of the barn. A hook on both ends, crank and handle in the middle. Lots of cable. Bring it over."
It says something about the two of them that "unbelievable," when said by John, in that voice, in this context, does more to bolster Sherlock's spirits than any intravenous drug could.
"Are you here for Mr. Holmes?" She asks once she has comes to a stop in in the middle of the room, dividing the space between John and Mycroft, which is best.
“Director Overton, I was curious as to what happened to your employees that broke confidentiality when it came to current and past patents.”
“You had a paper that stated he was an easy target when separate.” John spoke up before Mycroft could find the beginning of his next sentence.
Sherlock sat on his chair, his phone in his hand as he eyes stared at the door, as he counted the minutes away. He felt horrible for having to wake up his brother, pulling him from his bed to come and deal with him because he couldn’t put himself at ease. The detective would have hated himself for it if he wasn’t so tired and if Mycroft had rejected his plea.
The government official nodded, that explained it. Sherlock’s call was a request for company, a request to have someone watch over him as he slept, to ward off the monster that was still attacking him in his dreams.
John wasn’t pleased at the fact that people had actually gathered outside of the front door like they would a caged animal waiting for it to show its face. He didn’t like the fact that they were making his friend into some sort of attraction that they could swarm in and see because the papers disclosed that he might be alive. The doctor sighed as he closed the gap in the curtain and turned his head to glance at Sherlock, whose tall body was curled up on the couch, the blue dressing gown pulled tightly against his body, his hands grasping the fabric so tightly in his hands that his knuckles were white and the fabric seemed to be moments away from tearing into pieces.
Sherlock cursed his body as another moan escaped his lips from a nip to the right spot on his neck, which caused the blonde on top of him to chuckle against his skin, rather pleased that his ministrations were getting the responses that he most likely wanted. However it seemed as if the trail of marks left on the pale neck was not enough for his tormentor as his hands began to roam the brunette’s chest, moving upward as his mouth moved downward. His hands stopping just over Sherlock’s nipples. Pinching and twisting them until they turned hard under his fingers.
The silver haired man knew it wasn’t a great idea, it wasn’t even a good idea to have Sherlock out there in the field with him, but he couldn’t leave him there to his own devices with the risk of one of his officers finding out. At least with Sherlock with him, he could look after him, to an extent.
At least he can help Sherlock. After months trying to put their system back together its obvious the country is a lost cause anyway
Sherlock’s shoulders sagged as the tension in his body melted away and he shut his eyes as he allowed the cool London air to brush against his warm skin and fill his lungs as he took a deep breath.
Sherlock is angry with himself as he begins to throw the papers off his desk, not bothering to notice where they flutter to the floor. He is angry at himself for being so careless, for being noticed, for that damn picture ending up in the paper. And it isn’t the one in the funny hat, god he wished it was.
In the back of Greg's car, John leaned his head against the window, he had angled his body in such a way that his weight was on his hip instead of his backside to ease his discomfort.
"If I were you, I wouldn't consider doing any funny business, I'll be watching." John swallowed at the words, but said nothing, instead he stood there, looking down at his friend as the criminal slowly backed out the door.
“Get what you need, brother dear.” Mycroft said as he released his brother’s hand, the detective nodding as he headed down the right aisle to get shampoo and body wash, preferably something that smells different to the ones he has been using.
“Relax.” John muttered as he brought his free hand to rest on the small of Sherlock’s back, rubbing the expanse of skin, sherlock knew he was tense, he could feel it in his arms and thighs, and he took a deep breathe, telling himself this was fine, it was just transport, Virginity was a construct of society.
“So your John’s friend.” Mary said, she was trying to be friendly, but Sherlock didn’t want to be, he wanted to be left to his thoughts and the fact he had been left out of the loop. Everyone else had to know. Mycroft knew everything and Greg was smart, but he probably heard from someone at a the pub.
He had let himself in and gave Mrs. Hudson a reassuring look as she watched him ascend the seventeen stairs to the flat he once shared with Sherlock. The door was closed but not locked and he had no problem letting himself in when his calls for Sherlock went unanswered.
Sherlock bolted straight up, the scream dying in his throat as he gained his bearings, his chest was heaving and his body was coated in a sheet of cold sweat as he tried to calm himself. His eyes burning with unshed tears as he tried to tell himself that it didn’t happen that way.
A small part of John couldn’t believe that Mary had told Sherlock that he was just going to hold him back. He knew that tons of people didn’t like the dark haired man, but those people usually had some sort of interaction prior to jumping to assumptions, but with his fiancée there was nothing to go on. He had never spoken ill of Sherlock while he had been gone, not even after what Tim had told him. He had just removed that part of his life and continued to live, her words were based on unfound ground. There was always that possibility she was jealous, however, that usually occurred between the women he was romantically involved with and his best friend, and while she didn’t know what he had been through, there was no need for her to be that cruel to the detective.
A shot rang through the room and John cried out in pain as his left hand applied pressure to his upper right arm, warm blood slowly oozing out of the new wound he was just given.
"Your sadistic tendencies is your coping mechanism from childhood trauma when you witnessed your mother's assault by your own father-" Sherlock's words were cut short a large hand clammed itself over his mouth. The sniper leaned forward, his knees once again digging into Sherlock's body.
”That isn’t an answer Sherlock.” Mycroft knows he is pushing his brother now, he can see it on his face. And for a moment he expects a total shut down from his younger brother.
“One Moment Sir.” The line went quiet for a moment before the usual call waiting elevator type music came on the line. If it were any other circumstance he would have gone down to the hospital himself, he would have requested to see the person in charge himself, but he doubted he could have kept a level head that long, if he went personally he would tear that hospital apart piece by piece until he found the poor excuse for a human being who sold out his brother’s privacy.
Something in Sherlock’s chest twinged a bit at Mycroft’s words. Sentiment. Caring, compassion, brotherly love.
The detective placed the slide on to the table, slowly standing, making a face at the pulling he felt on his joints and muscles, concluding that he must have thrashed around in his sleep before waking up. He padded over to the laptop, lifting the lid, going to open the playlist he had when there was a knock on the door.
“We will see Director, have a good day.” He hung up the phone before leaning forward, his hands resting in his hands, taking a deep breath. There was so much to do now: Look for the disgusting human being who had done this, repair the damage it had done, ensure that Sherlock was safe and well, the last thing on the list topping everything else.
“There are certain things that have to be discussed and they concern you, this is the easiest way to handle the situation.” Mycroft answered. “All you have to do is stand to the side and listen, nothing more Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock knows he has to fight back, he has to at least get away, to prevent Moran from violating him in his own safe space.
“You are making a mistake.” She said as she began to descend the stairs. “I’m not the enemy here, Sherlock Holmes is.”
There wasn’t much to pack, he had acquired little during the last few years and what didn’t belong to him would be given back to Mary when he dropped it off that was if she didn’t show up here first. He had yet to confront her about what she had told Sherlock they day she had gone looking for him. He had no idea how to express his anger at her statement in words, even when he ran what he was trying to say through his head, they came up flat and didn’t seem to hold the emotion he was going for. Though he was hoping that the words and the weight of them he was looking for would present itself the moment he finally came face to face with her. Until then, however, he had other things to focus on.
Mycroft looked over John’s shoulder to the empty hospital room and waved his hand as an offer to go inside. As much as he didn’t want to leave their current position in the hallway, he didn’t want anyone overhearing this conversation.
Mycroft pauses a moment before nodding taking a step closer to Sherlock, his hand still on his brother’s arm.
John did as instructed as Greg moved his other arm around John's waist. Gently the silver haired man helped him to stand. There was the shuffling of fabric as Greg pulled his jeans up above his hips.
Sherlock gasped as John began to move, the sensation as far from pleasant and despite the amount of time John had spent preparing him, it was painful and uncomfortable, even with John’s reassurances from above and the feeling of John rubbing his hips and lower back as he moved in and out slowly.
The doctor sighed and closed his eyes before turning his head so he could stare at his mobile, longing to reach out and grab it and send a text or twenty to Sherlock to make sure he was alright, thought any movement would stir the woman who was curled up rather close to him, and the last thing he wanted was to argue with her over the fact he was awake and corresponding with the person that saved him first. So instead John elected to lay awake and stare off into the darkness, watching the shadows dance across the walls as he waited for the alarm to go off so he could get up and go to work.
John shivers again, his teeth sinking into his bottom lip as his cock grows harder at Sherlock’s soft, teasing touches. Soon the touches alone isn’t enough and John’s hips jerk forward, pressing his groin firmly against the other man’s. Sherlock’s half hard cock is obvious through the thin fabric of his boxers and the feeling of his erection pressed against John’s own is utterly delicious.
Sherlock is a bit sad about something and John comforts him the only way he knows how (this can be any method of comfort you see fit)
He had no idea how long he had been standing in the darkened living room when he heard the sound of someone coming down the stairs. By the sound of the stairs and the gait of the person he assumed it was John. John who had been staying with him instead of going back to his own place at night because he wanted to make sure Sherlock was alright.
Moran's attention had shifted from the body under his to the body attempting to pull him off.  He growled in annoyance as John gave his body another tug, which did nothing more than pull him back an inch or two. The sniper slapped his hands over the pair clinging on to his shirt, pulling at the fingers, prying them loose while John muttered. “Get off of him.”
Sherlock nodded and he could feel the tension he didn’t realize he was holding in his shoulders leave. Was he worried someone else was going to hurt him? That was always a possibility, but No one was really going to hurt him if Mycroft was around, he knew that much.
Sherlock can’t look at John as he enters the sitting room, instead he diverts his eyes, turns his head because right now it is easier to hide from this than it is to address it. But he know he has to, because nothing in his life is truly personal, not anymore, not really.
“Make them go away.” Sherlock finally said as he shifted so he could look at John better. “Make them leave me alone, I don’t want them here, I don’t want them around.”
Moran's hand straddled Sherlock's inner thigh as he licked his lips. He could feel the muscles under his hand twitch as he spreads the younger man's legs a little wider with his knees  so he can fit between them easier while simultaneously working his jeans down enough that his cock springs free. he smirks as he looks at Sherlock's face, he tries to look indifferent as Moran moves to grip his hips and pulls him closer to his body. Sebastian can feel Sherlock's body heat as he lines up his cock to the other man's entrance. If he was merciful he would have taken a moment to prepare him for the intrusion. However, he is not. He isn't even going to give Sherlock the courtesy of lube like his friend had. He didn't even afford him the courtesy of a warning to be somewhat prepared for the intrusion as he began to push the head of his cock into the body under him. However this was less about Sherlock's comfort and well being and more about Moran's play and pleasure. Sherlock thrashed around from the intrusion, his pale cheeks turning crimson. Without a chance for Sherlock's body to prepare for further intrusion, Moran plunged into the younger man's body. A gasping cry escaped Sherlock's mouth and Moran smirked devilishly at the sound. He kept his body still for a moment, savoring the velvet heat of Sherlock's unwilling arse, he rolled his hips slightly. Sherlock's pained, desperate cries and debauched look only made his cock throb even harder. He  pulled Sherlock's legs over his shoulders and held down Sherlock's hips. Moran gripped them so  hard that there would definitely be marks .He pulled out slowly, perhaps giving Sherlock a false notion that maybe he cpuld go easy on him,  that was until he rammed  himself back in with a punishing pace drawing another gasping cry from Sherlock’s lips. It wasn’t the usual slow and gentle pace people usually start out with. But this wasn’t usually and it wasn’t for mutual pleasure either. He continued to pound into Sherlock. In, out,in, out. The heat and friction felt heavenly to Moran and the sounds that Sherlock was making- oh god it was sinful. Moaning and panting and crying like a whore while his body was being defiled .His lips parted, cupid's bow red and shining with saliva. Nipples pink and hard. His legs shaking under Moran's grip. Moran angled his hips upwards slightly and thrust in once more. This time Sherlock let's out an almighty moan.
Mycroft tried to wrap his mind around the fact that not only had someone raped his little brother, but apparently they had done it numerous times.
"I know it will." He voices, his body is steady as it can be as John's fingers hook the waistband of his boxers, pulling the material down until it slides down his legs to rest with his trousers, leaving his pale flesh exposed to John and the camera's that Moriarty is watching them from. He can feel his face heating up at being this exposed, his heart is racing and the blood is rushing in his ears as he hears john fumbling in his pockets, the sound of something metallic being pulled out and torn away from something else.
"Fine." Sherlock breathes, trying to reassure himself more than John. "Just hurry up, we don't have all day." The probably had actually, but This was not something Sherlock wanted to drag out. He didn't want Moriarty to get bored and send someone else to do John's task. He breathes deeply as John pushes his finger in deeper, slowly working it in and out until it can slide in and out with ease.
“You’re safe Sherlock, it’s just me.” John stated, and Sherlock slowly entered, he looked tired and worn, his face was slightly more pale than usual, but for the most part he looked as well as could be expected.
Sherlock pretends he doesn't see the blood circling the drain and that it's not caused bu the area he is so determined to clean.
Maybe asking to come to the scene was not the best idea Sherlock had had, but it was too late to tell Greg to turn back as they pulled up to the yellow caution tape. Sally was the first one out of the car, the Sergeant obviously not pleased with the fact he had tagged along, though that was blatant from the fact she had bore a hole in the back of his head with the way she had been staring at him as Greg drove. However he did not acknowledge her or even throw a deduction or two in her direction, instead he tried to pretend he was smaller than he was, but it was rather hard considering he was six feet tall. She hadn’t said anything to him either, but she was certain to give Greg an earful as he drove.
The ceiling above him creeks with every step and he could track John's movements as walks around, undoubtedly gathering his clothes to get dressed.
“I-It was different.” Sherlock breathed as rested his head against John’s shoulder. “It was different and it was horrible, I want it to stop, I want him to stop haunting my dreams and leave me alone... why can’t he just leave me alone John?”
The squad room was still abuzz with activity the next morning, the room holding a low buzzing murmur as they discussed things amongst themselves, but Greg was just waiting for the hype to die down and for the select few that wouldn’t have an issue trying to stir it up again, those were the ones he would have to look out for. The last thing he wanted to hear was one of his officers shout how much Sherlock deserved whatever happened to him for whatever reason they supplied.
He tells himself he's sitting that way because it's comfortable and makes him feel secure. But he knows it's because he can see both entrances to the flat. He can see Moran coming if he dares to come here. He can run if he has a chance.
John takes his time as he takes a sip from his mug before placing it on an empty space on the end table located next to his chair. The doctor clasps his hands together as he clears his throat and leans forward. Its no an open posture but it grabs Sherlock's attention as he takes another drink.
And as he looked over the victim, it became more and more obvious he wasn’t focusing on the body but more on the people around him, the way they moved, their conversations, the fact they were talking about him, and not too kindly either. God he should have stayed at the office, he wasn’t ready for this, not yet, no matter how hard he tried to get back to normal, he couldn’t do a public scene just yet.
Mary didn’t quiet remember when she stopped being who she was and she began to woman who stole a name off of a tombstone to hide in plain sight as she tried to hide from her old life. She had worked for the secret service before, occasionally going out on undercover missions, obtaining critical information, taking out those who posed threats to the safety of others. And that worked for a while before her cover was blown and her superiors discovered that she wasn’t just working for them. She had fled in the middle of the night before they could take her in and charge her for treason and for a handful of months she moved around, always looking over her shoulder making sure she wasn’t being followed, changing her name every so often and never staying anywhere long enough for them to catch up to her, until she came across Jim Moriarty.
Mycroft had been the one he had worked with on this mission, the one he had planned this all out with. And he was the one Sherlock needed to hear the words “You’re safe” from. So he waited in front of the window every day while John was at work for the familiar glimpse of the discrete black car that his brother always arrived in.
The hospital lobby was busy as visitors, patients, and medical staff made their way to their various destinations around John as he stood by the door for a moment. The flow of people moved around him easily as he made his way to the reception desk.
"You don't have to do this you know." Sherlock mumbles as Mycroft finishes the chapter he was reading. The older Holmes gives his brother a perplexed look as he Marks the page he's on before closing the book.
There is a large stain in the middle of the room and the next photo shows the dark pool of blood that outlines the V shape left by Sherlock's legs
He took a deep breath as the doorbell downstairs rang, though he waited a moment to step back from John to right his suit one more time.
“Thanks, Greg.” John supplied after a few moments and he nodded slowly as he made his way to the door.
Mycroft zoomed in the footage as much as he could in order to get a close up of the man's face and it took some time before he got a decent shot of the man's face.
John sighed quietly as he watched Sherlock out of the corner of his eye as he read the morning paper in his chair. He could feel as well as see the anxiety in the other man’s body as he moved around in an attempt to lesson the building tension in his body. It had been nearly a week since Sherlock confided in him that Mycroft had stopped by to assure him that Moriarty’s web was completely dismantled and that there was nothing more to worry about when it came to the criminal Mastermind. John was more than relieved to hear those words, especially after everything Sherlock had been through: The two years away, the rejection upon his return, his recapture and torture at the hands of Sebastian Moran.
The paper crumpled as he tightened his grip, his anger bubbling under the surface, he didn’t want to think about the fact Sherlock may have already seen the paper, and with his luck he most likely already had, he didn’t want to  think about the discomfort and agony he must have been feeling. Sherlock had been through enough as it was, he hadn’t caught a break since he had been rescued from Serbia, and this was the last thing he needed.
The two of them break apart for air and Sherlock drinks in the sight of John’s normally pale skin flushed with arousal, the beginning of which is pressing against Sherlock’s thigh. He can’t help but smirk slightly at the hardness against his leg as he brings his hands up to his lover’s sides, slowly dragging his fingers down the pale expanse of skin.
The marks on Sherlocks face had darkened further since the government official had first seen them. Sherlock didn't move as much as he usually would and Mycroft contributed it to the internal stitches.
Sherlock shifts in his seat, getting himself more comfortable as he hears John beginning to move upstairs, getting ready for the day.
"You know what happened don't you Lestrade? That's why you didn't leave." Sherlock stated more than asked as he looked the older gentleman over. There was a hint of hurt and a disappointment to his voice as he spoke."Why don't you go do your job and let me take care of John?"
However this was different, this was about Sherlock and how well he was healing and not just physically. Sherlock needed support, he needed someone there and not to mention he needed to keep an eye on his brother, especially now. There were people after him, the media mostly, each of them trying to break the story first, each one trying to get the exclusive that would drive their profits through the roof. Mycroft sighed as he ran his hand over his face as he moved to the coffee stable before plucking one of the files off of the scoffed surface. It was relatively thick and impressive granting that it went back to the time Sherlock was still in Uni. It had been found in a box his people were going through from the warehouse, hidden away as if it wasn’t supposed to be found, not even by Moran. That aspect alone was unsettling, but the fact that there was someone else out there, someone that was a part of Moriarty’s web still roaming around London was concerning.  There was an individual, a dangerous one at that, who worked for these people that was still roaming free with all the tools they and the resources the needed to kill his brother. All the Identifying information had been removed, names blacked out, pictures removed, meaning there was nothing to go on other than the descriptions of the missions.
John stood and made his way over to him just as slowly as before, only this time, Sherlock didn’t turn him away as he got close, instead the taller man allowed John to wrap his arms around him. And Sherlock leaned into him, his body still tense and solid but John could feel trembling in Sherock’s body as the tears began to fall. The tension in his body remained as John held him, the sun slowly rising over the horizon
“Sherlock are you alright?” John asked him  again as he moved into the room and towards him, his pace feverish and his voice laced with worry, most likely thinking someone had gotten in while he had been away.” Did anyone hurt you?”
"I'm going to prepare you." John's voice slices through the silence and Sherlock can do nothing more than nod because he fears if he opens his lips that he'll be sick. "I'll be careful... I don't want to hurt you."
He was surprised at the fact Sherlock had flung the door open and was making his way up 221B’s stoop before the cab had come to a complete stop. John blinked a few times as he watched Sherlock’s figure limp through the street door and disappear inside leaving him to pay. He sighed as he pulled out his wallet with his good arm and pulled out the right notes and handed them to the cabbie as he slipped out of the backseat.
He bypassed the photos of blood and discarded clothing to examine the other photo graphs that had been taken of the apartment, looking for something, anything that would tell him who had been there.
The driver didn’t ask any questions about the address when he gave it to him, nor did he ask anything when he pulled up to the flat and John paid his fair and stepped out. He had no idea what to expect when he entered the flat, he just hoped that it wasn’t anything horrible. Voices made their way down the stairs as John entered, closing the street door behind him, thought he had no idea who else could be there with Sherlock. Quietly he made his way up the stairs, pausing as the other person spoke.
Sherlock sounded so young and vulnerable on the other side of the phone and it made John’s heart break.
He didn’t feel like sleeping, or rather he didn’t think he could sleep at this point. He had been up for nearly twenty four hours now, and Sherlock could feel it in his body, his joints ached, his muscles gave a little throb and his eye lids felt heavy, but he refused to give into the temptation of resting. It was a safe venture to say that he didn’t feel that comfortable or that safe being there alone, maybe if it was a few days earlier and every thought he was dead, then he wouldn’t be so bothered by the empty, cold feeling in the flat, however, it wasn’t that way.
“What?” John asked disbelief colored his voice, that wasn’t much of a surprise really, why would John believe something like that? Why would anyone believe him anyway?
“No.” Greg sighed as he turned his attention to Sherlock, who had moved the cold case files from his lap. “Absolutely not, Sherlock. No.”
The door closed with a snap, leaving Sherlock and Moran alone. The sniper chuckled lowly to himself as he turned his attention to the younger man under him. The expression on his face changed as he moved back into his original position, leaning over Sherlock. This time, instead of clamping his hand over the detective's mouth, he caressed his face. The back of his fingers passing gently over the soft, smooth, pale skin, which contrasted greatly with his darker and rougher skin on his hands.
A sharp prick follows and a burning sensation spreads across the areas around it as Sherlock numbs the skin so that he May fix John up with little to no pain.
“She wrote what Moriarty told her, she wanted her big break and he gave her the means to do it. He used her contempt for you as his means to do so. It was all apart of his plan to discredit you. Her fault is falling for it. But this is different Sherlock. This is coming from you, you are in control of the information they get to put out there. No one else.” John stated, his eyes locked on Sherlock’s own as he spoke. “And if it gets twisted and out of hand, that is something we will deal with when the time comes. Right now I just want you to focus on breathing and relaxing just a bit. Just like that good.”
“Sherlock, I need you to take a deep breathe alright?” John asked as he tossed the paper aside as he stood. Sherlock nodded as he closed the space between them. “It is going to be fine. I am going to be here the entire time. You don’t have to answer every question and any question that you feel is too personal doesn’t have to be answered.” He placed his hands on Sherlock’s biceps in a reassuring manner as Sherlock gulped down a decent amount of air.
As Soon as he heard John’s voice, Sherlock felt his muscles relax as the tension left his body and for a moment that was alright, until he realized that he didn’t want actually see the other man. His insides felt cold and his chest seemed to be filled with shards of glass as he tried to breathe. Slowly he stood, the legs of the chair scrapping against the lino as his body pushed it back and away from the table, before he made a quick retreat into his room, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock stood just inside the door with a bag that undoubtedly had clean clothes for John in hand. He didn't say anything at first, instead he took in Greg and John's appearances.
The sun has just begun to rise when a nurse comes from behind the black double doors near the nurses station in the waiting room. Mycroft is up in a heart beat when he notices that she is approaching them.
The doors slid open and he stepped out onto the floor. It was easy enough to find Sherlock’s room, but he found his uncertainty give way to anxiety as he peered into the room and noticed Mycroft sitting by Sherlock’s bed.
The man on the bed  turned his head slightly, enough to see them, and Sherlock began to struggle once more trying to escape, causing Moriarty to laugh.
The detective bowed his head, his eyes clamped shut, gasping out in pain with every thrust, god he wanted it to be over, he wanted it to stop, but he refused to voice the request. This was to stop them from killing John he told himself as his eyes began to sting with tears. This was to save John, and that was the only convincing he ever really needed.
Mycroft stands there for a moment stunned as tears roll down his brothers face before his shoulders begin to shake. The government official slowly makes his way to the side of Sherlock’s bed before easing himself down on the bed next to him. He wants to pull Sherlock into his arms, but instead he chooses to open his arms and let Sherlock make the choice.
“You don’t need their crap, you don’t have to deal with them or have to put up with them lurking around here, You need time to finish healing Sherlock and I don’t think London is the place to do it.”
He was trying to keep his composure, hold in the sounds, though he was gasping in pain and moaning with discomfort with every movement. That was until John shifted the movement of his hips and his cock brushed against his prostate, it was an unwelcome jolt to the rest of his body, he knew that it was usually a spot that created pleasure but that was the last thing he was feeling as John’s cock brushed it again.
This didn’t seem to be much easier in Mary’s mind as she reached out for the door knob, her gloved hand grasping the bronze knob her hand slowly turning it. As far as she knew Sherlock Holmes as alone upstairs because John was at work, or he should have been because last time she checked he had not called in for the day off. And for as far as she knew, no one else was there with him, it would be quick, really. He wouldn’t see it coming. There was a smile on her lips as she went to push the door open just to find that an arm had come from behind her to grab the knocker, yanking the door firmly against the door jamb. Mary jumped at the action and cursed herself for not being more vigilant before attempting to enter the building, no matter how suspicious it would have been for her to constantly look over her shoulder before doing so. The scent of John’s cologne filled her nose as she turned to see who was attempting to stop her. Though she knew exactly who it was before she turned to look John in the face, the watch he was wearing, along with the sweater that stuck out of the cuff of his dark jacket.
As he stepped inside he could hear Sherlock plucking the chords on this violin as he tuned it, though he had not been at it for long. He didn’t allow his mind to linger on the fact Sherlock had been waiting for him as he closed the street door behind him before heading up the stairs.
He made an effort to ensure the Windows in his room were shut and locked and so was his bedroom door.
Sherlock had been different from the moment he stepped off the plane. He had been quieter, more subdued, as if the week in solitary confinement had sucked the life right out of him, and in a way, he supposed it had. The last few months have been anything but kind to detective and quite frankly John has no idea how Sherlock has even managed to make it this far. Thought it is obvious the brunettes resolve is slipping, from the relapse after the wedding, to the morphine needed to dull the sharp pain from his bullet wound, to the near overdose on the plane. It was only a matter of time before it all caught up with him. And it came sooner rather than later.
Located at the back of the file where copies of the picture that had been printed with the story when it first broke, who had gotten them for her was still unknown, but they may have already been dispatched of when their usefulness had run out.
Sherlock attempted to curl in on himself to lessen the damage done by the blows, but he found it difficult. His body ached and he was certain that Moran was going to kick something in.
It didn’t take long before the brunette was pressing a hot trail of kisses down his neck, his fingers undoing the tie of his dressing gown, slowly pulling it down his shoulder, leaving a trail of kisses as he went.
Mycroft takes the opportunity while Sherlock is asleep to help scan surveillance footage. He wants to get through it quickly yet efficiently in order to find out who had done this to his brother and give the man what he deserved.
Sherlock nodded slowly his arms wrapping around himself as bubbles began to form on the bottom of the kettle.
“John’s not here.” Sherlock murmured into the phone. Mycroft could hear the sadness in Sherlock’s voice, the defeat. “John’s not here.”
"I am sending you some information. I found the name of the man who left Sherlock's that night, but that is about all I found." Mycroft began.
"I'd prefer to stay, actually." Greg replied as he turned slightly to face Sherlock. He could probably feel the fabric biting into his wrist. "I can give you guys both a ride home from here."
Sherlock’s voice was low as he spoke, and he didn’t pay attention to that fact as the pad of John’s thumb brushed over his cheek bone before John’s other hand came to lift his chin up. John looked determined with his jaw set, shoulders squared, while his eyes held nothing but compassion and love and what may have well been the willingness to move mountains to make sure he was safe.
“I don’t always listen to what he says.” The doctor replied as he shifted his weight. “I wanted to ask you something before I confront her.”
Did John know about the previous attacks on his brother? Or was he oblivious to what was happening to Sherlock?
A low sob escaped John's lips as he grabbed a handful of Greg's shirt.  Tears cascading down his face. Of course Greg would know just by seeing him.
"Y-yes I do Myc. Its my fault...I went out and I got caught." his voice cracks and tears start to well in his eyes. "I-I was r-raped because --"
“He wouldn’t let us go…unless…unless I raped him.” His admission was no higher than a whisper and he refused to meet Mycroft’s eyes, instead he chose to focus on the wall just above the government officials shoulder. “Moriarty made it clear that it was in exchange for my life and that even if I didn’t he would have one of his men rape him instead. I didn’t want to hurt him Mycroft, I never wanted to hurt him…I thought it would have been a kinder experience and it would have saved him from those other men.”
“You are the last person I expected to see Dr. Watson, especially after our last encounter...when you blamed my brother for his current state,” Mycroft’s voice was cold as he spoke, and it took John a moment to find his voice to reply. “I have half a mind to have you thrown out.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything and neither did John, but that didn’t matter, the silver haired man knew if Sherlock didn’t consider it, John would, John wanted what was best for Sherlock like the rest of them.
His eyes travel upwards taking in Morand looming form, his curled fists and the anger etched on his face.
Out of everything that he had been expecting to cross his desk that morning, the daily paper with Sherlock’s face plastered on the front of it was the last thing he expected to see.
Moran walked up towards the head of the bed, his finger slowly trailing down Sherlock's face as he leaned in, a smile playing out on his lips. “You were brilliant, so responsive, so delicate, we'll have to do this again sometime.” the touch lingered on his cheek for a moment, soft, gentle, deceiving, against his skin before it roughly grasped his face, pulling it away from his arm. Sherlock’s eyes opened in surprise at the rough movement of his head, to find Moran’s face only inches away from his own. Amusement and enjoyment were written on the lines of the blondes face as he offered him a cold smile.
It was only after each and every one of them replied that their end had been in fact cleaned up, did he make his way out of the car. He stared up at the window his brother usually perched himself in front of to play his violin and found the sheer curtain moving ever so slightly as it fell back into place. Mycroft allowed himself a small smile as he walked up the stoop and opened the front door.
He had never been once to take his partners from behind, but this time it was different, he didn’t want to see the look on Sherlock’s face when he entered him, he didn’t want to see the look on Sherlock’s face as he took his virginity. Gently John rested one hand on Sherlock’s hip using the other to guide himself towards Sherlock’s prepared hole.
“I just want to be safe Myc.” Sherlock replied as he broke away from the embrace and settled back into his hospital bed. Sherlock’s words made Mycroft’s chest ache. Ever since their parents had brought Sherlock home from the hospital, Mycroft wanted nothing more than keeping his baby brother safe and he had failed.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked as he closed the door behind him, slowly peeling his coat off his body to hang it up before unwinding his scarf. He had not expected any one to be there, let alone John. He wouldn’t have talked to her yet, at least Sherlock didn’t think so, he was standing there empty handed, no boxes or laptop, but he was foolish to think that John would come and move back in with him full time. “I thought you were going to stay away as per my brother’s instructions.”
"I can't do this John." Sherlock announced as he stopped in front of the John to look at him. "Call them, cancel, tell them I have changed my mind. " his voice was raspy and spiked with panic as he spoke. John lowered the paper and folded it as he looked at Sherlock, taking in the panic in his eyes and the way he stood just a bit too straight, the way his chest rose and fell a bit too rapidly for John’s liking. This wasn’t the reaction he had expected, though he should have. This was a stranger coming to ask questions about Sherlock’s life, the last person who had done it had ruined it.
The roads were nearly empty at this hour, the streets of London silent, his hands grasping on the steering wheel as he drove, his mind focusing on Sherlock and why he had called and more or less why John wasn’t there with him. The doctor had told him he would be more than happy to watch over Sherlock as he had Greg transitioned back to working their full schedules, but the older man should have known sooner or later something would have come up and the doctor would have done, but he could have at least called.
“I’m sorry.” John replied as he made a particularly hard thrust, causing Sherlock to cry out, tears forming in his pale eyes from the pain, he couldn’t figure out how to get his body to move with him as a sob bubbled in his chest, nothing seemed to want to work like it should. tears poured down his face as John’s movements were harder, rapid and erratic as he grew close to his climax.
“You and I both know that isn’t right but since you won’t say it, I will. It’s your employment file for James Moriarty and Sebastian Moran. You have a rather impressive track record It seems. You do this sort of thing for a living, not one to particularly give up when everyone else has, that’s why he was still your target.”
The clue he was looking for, came in the shape of a medical release form those typically given to new patients so the physician can request a copy of their medical file so they can be caught up to speed. With the fact that Mary was a nurse and a receptionist, it would not have come as a surprise if she had a blank one in her possession, however this one was far from blank and therefore should not have been mixed in with the rest of her papers. But it was, and the name that filled in the line for the patient’s name told him why.
"I-alright" John's voice was hoarse as he spoke, making Greg panic that much more. He had never heard his voice sound like that.
John stared down at the paper, at Mary’s hand writing across the page as he read and reread the vague details about Sherlock, ones that he had never disclosed to Mary. Hell they were details that even he didn’t know until recently and the fact she knew them was unnerving. The note he had in his hand coupled with how she spoke to Sherlock was unsettling to say the least and didn’t like it.
“He said no one was looking for me.” Sherlock said causing his brother to pause and look up from what he was doing at the counter. He couldn’t look at him though, he didn’t want to see the look on Mycroft’s face for this. “He said no one was looking for me, that he had made sure of it... I did not expect to be saved. I don’t think he did either.”
He made a disapproving sound at the back of his throat as he flipped through the file on the table, his eyes no longer meeting Mary’s and with John no longer there he could get down to the grittier aspect of this: disposal. Though that wouldn’t be difficult to say the least. She was a threat to national security and was more or less wanted in several countries for murder of very prominent individuals, and to top it off the fact she was part of an international crime web? Well it wouldn’t be that difficult to convince the higher ups that his course of action was necessary. When the finally looked up at the woman across from her, he gave her a tight lipped smile before turning to one of his men,
The wood creaked under his weight as he walked and his heart was beating unusually fast in his chest as he took a deep breath and stepped up on the landing.
He had hoped that Greg had brought his car, instead of walked, he had no idea which method his friend was using to find him however. He didn't hear a car start, hell he didn't even hear Greg leave the bar.
The warmth from John’s body is inviting and more than welcome as his body relaxes. And Sherlock can’t remember the last time someone held him because he was upset, perhaps because it was so long ago. He isn’t sure what to say and instead he chooses to stay quiet for a moment or two.
Less than a minute ticked by before the music gave way to the sound of ringing before someone picked up.
Images are flashing across the laptop screen at a speed of at least one per second as Mycrofts laptop search through the databases for a positive match for the still image on half the screen.
John knew that Sherlock had picked up on it. He had probably deduced the fact he had been lonelier now too. He hadn’t moved back to Baker Street since Mary had been arrested despite the fact it felt like home. No, instead he was staying at the flat that he had decided to rent when he moved out all those years ago. Why he was still there though, was beyond him.
In the end, his struggling was futile as Moran forced his hands into a loop of rope that was pulled so tight he could hardly feel his fingers, causing the already red, sensitive skin sting with pain.
Mycroft Sat in his hard hotel chair as he looked over the paperwork he needed to finish. He had been gone for months trying to fix some countries poor political system and he wanted nothing more than to go home. But there was still work to be done.
John is sitting in the waiting room as Mycroft walks in. He is hunched over, phone in his hands, as he looks down at the floor and the government official figures he is waiting for a nurse or doctor or whoever is designated the task to tell him information on Sherlock.
“It was your fiancée.” Mycroft spoke and Sherlock felt his spine go rigid before deflating slightly. He could always leave most of the confessing to Mycroft, it was what he did when he was younger, it was how his parents knew about his drug habit when he was a University Student.
With quick movements, Sherlock threw back the covers and slipped from his bed. He didn't bother throwing on his dressing gown as he went to retrieve clothes to take to John.
The phone call came early one Saturday morning as John laid in bed, playing the dutiful husband to the wife he no longer wanted. The sound of the mobile vibrating against the night stand woke him from his slumber. It took a few moments for his brain to register that the sound was in fact, not a part of his dream before he reached for his mobile as he slipped out of bed and walked into the sitting room to answer.
John knows it is Sherlock’s way of apologizing for the fact he got hurt. he had overlooked the fact the suspect they had been chasing had an accomplice and only became aware of them when they had stepped out of the shadows in the alleyway and took a swing at John, hitting him in the face. the weapon in his hand slicing John’s skin causing blood to pour from his wound.
Tension John had no idea he had melted away as he slipped inside his bedroom and locked the door behind him. He leaned a against the surface for a moment before moving father into the room.
The light from the bathroom painted the hallway a soft yellow as John peered into the kitchen to see if Sherlock was perhaps there and again, as he called his name, there was no response.
Sherlock sat at the table while John put away the dinner that Sherlock had made. He was quiet and had a look of concentration on his face as he looked down at his hands on his lap.
“That’s fine Sherlock, I understand. I understand that you want things to go back to normal, that you think you should be over this, but it takes time, more time than I know you want it to. “John said softly. “But you have to realize that just because you are testing the waters to see what you can handle that they aren’t going to leave you alone and sooner or later you are going to have to talk to them Sherlock, if not, they are going to take as much liberties as they can until you have to set the record straight.”
Sherlock groaned in pain at the movement and closed his eyes as his legs were dropped onto the ground with a dreadful thud.
However, everything that had been planned went up in smoke when the man had been found. Mary had pretended to be ignorant to the fact that she knew he was alive, she pretended not to notice that they others were being rounded up for their part in this and for the most part she was still safe and it would have stayed that way until her eyes caught the paper one morning with the headline she had been dreading to see, one stating Sherlock Holmes was indeed alive. It was something she could no longer ignore and despite the fact there was no longer a network, she still had a Job to finish, an obligation to uphold, especially when the end result of this obligation was something she had been striving for.
The hours dragged on. The time between Sherlock’s contractions became steadily shorter, while the spasms themselves lasted longer and longer. He had another shower once the hot water re-filled, and a bath later on. While waiting for more hot water, Sherlock was alternately pacing the hallway and squatting deeply through contractions. He’d started moaning lowly through each one some time ago - something about the long, low noises resonated with his body and gave him some relief.
He let John count during his contractions but paid him no mind, and pushed as long and as hard as he could. The baby’s body turned in the birth canal until her shoulders lined up with his pelvis, and suddenly it was easier to push. He felt her body move centimeter by centimeter as he shoved, felt her shoulders breach him and then one more push and he bent forward around his belly, reaching down instinctually to take her by the shoulders.
"I'm not creating problems!" Sherlock protested, shoving his bowl away and sloshing soup over the side. "I'm simply trying to work through possible issues before we enter a relationsh-"
Sherlock was staggering around the sitting room between contractions, alternating between letting John hold his hand and guide him and cursing his partner into the other room. A fierce contraction had his knees buckling and he grabbed the back of John’s chair for support, eyes tight shut and whining through the sharp pain of the muscle cramp and the dull ache from inside as Joanna’s head pushed against his cervix. “Hurts,” he whimpered, gripping John’s hand tight and hissing through the end of the contraction.
Sherlock turned to John, smiling broadly. Tears came to John’s eyes and he dropped the groceries he was carrying, bounding across the living room. Sherlock shooed the kittens from his lap gently and rose just in time to open his arms for a hug from John. The doctor was shaking with repressed sobs as he ran his fingers through hair he hadn’t felt in five months, felt warm, strong arms he hadn’t felt in five months, touched skin he hadn’t touched in five months. “I missed you so much,” he said brokenly, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
The serval strained, and John pulled. The little body emerged bit by bit, but John was afraid to pull too hard in case he hurt the kitten. Finally, with a gargantuan heave from the big cat, the third kitten came free, waving its front feet. John helped clear the membrane from its face so the little thing could breathe, and let out a relieved laugh when the little kitten gave a quiet mew.
John looks around the room, and everything sweeps through him—every unopened package of nappies and every still-folded pair of tiny pyjamas and the excruciatingly empty cradle and the hollow place in the crook of his elbow where his daughter’s head should be—and he crumples.
That night, with Cara in bed sound asleep, Sherlock purred and rocked slowly on John’s lap. John’s hands were on his hips to keep him steady, letting Sherlock set the pace. The younger man was half out of breath as he moved up and down, baby’s bulk making their coupling more taxing than usual.
The first piece was not all too difficult. It was slow going, but Sherlock managed, with John’s encouragement and a few long burps to release some pressure. He was only a few bites into the second piece when he hesitated just long enough for John to draw back. “Are you full, love?” he asked.
After a few more hard pushes, Sherlock began to feel a burning pain and the desire to open his legs even wider. The tub constrained his movements but even without the ability to open any wider, he felt the burning pain increase in intensity until he shouted and tried to writhe away.
“Yeah, sounds pretty much like a contraction. Afraid they’ll only get worse from here on out,” he said apologetically, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I can give you some over-the-counter pain medication, but nothing much stronger. You’ve already got a bit of a sensitive tummy going on, I can’t give you anything much stronger than that.”
“Kisses make it better?” Soren asked, and Sherlock smiled and nodded again. Soren leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s forehead and then planted a smooch on his lips. Sherlock gathered his son close again for a big long hug, and then heaved himself to his feet. He was about to go find John when he felt Soren’s hands on his bump, and he looked down to see the little boy pushing his shirt up over his belly. He stood still and let Soren press kisses all around his bump. “Be good, little brother,” the little boy murmured, and wrapped his little arms around as much of Sherlock’s waist as he could and nuzzled against the swollen belly.
Sherlock looks at their daughter. She stirs, testing out the little limbs that John and Sherlock made for her, and sighs.
"Happy Christmas indeed. I haven't got a tangible gift for you, but I can tell you what it will be."
“I’ll make everything else tingle,” John replied, scratching the side of Sherlock’s belly lightly and leading him by the hand toward the bedroom. Sherlock followed, his wide waddle evident even through the single point of contact. “What do you want, hmm?” he asked on the way, pausing just inside the door to flick on a bedside lamp.
Sherlock smiled and let his eyes fall shut, and he was asleep within moments. John and Joanna rocked quietly beside his bed. “Not so terrible, is it?” John murmured, kissing Joanna’s forehead and inhaling the fresh, newborn-baby smell that she had. “No, not too bad at all. I think you’ll do just fine with us, my love. You’ll do just fine.”
John stops talking. He should stop this altogether, but God, he’d missed this so much. Not sex—simple closeness. He hadn’t realized how desperately he needed to hold and be held, to touch and be touched. The sudden onslaught of intimacy is disorienting. In his muddled state, all John can do is hold on.
Sherlock shivered and John felt his body relax, some of the stiffness going out of his spine as his muscles loosened. He rolled his hips again - in, out - and shifted his lower leg to get a little better angle, and to have something to push off of and get a little more force. “Alright?” John asked, checking in to make sure Sherlock was okay.
Three weeks later, the two men had established a rhythm. John awoke with the sunrise each morning, milked Agnes and Marjorie, and met Sherlock in the milkhouse. Sherlock had wordlessly handed John his harnessed stool a week after John had arrived, after trying and failing to buckle the straps around his middle. John had done chores on his own that day, and hadn't seen Sherlock until noon.
John sank down next to Sherlock and watched as Sherlock’s belly shifted with the movement of their daughter inside him. “I suppose travelling with a newborn won’t be so awful,” he said, laying his hand on a particularly pointy bit of Sherlock’s belly. “And we have already paid for everything and made all our reservations. We can enjoy the trip. Get our little miss out and about and seeing the sights of Wareham, numerous as they are. Nothing like starting them young,” he said with a tired smile. “Alright, then. Let’s do it.”
John worked at him and soon he was hard enough that John could bob up and down on his cock. Sherlock rubbed his stomach with one hand lazily, enjoying the heightened pleasure after his extreme bloating. His belly was fuller than it had ever been, and so round and tight that he could just see the top of John’s head over its full curve. And the pressure was -
"I'm not going to risk your life over something this inane. Straddle him, and hold him as still as you can. This is going to hurt."
"No. I know I am pregnant, and I can only assume that it is with a human child, rather than a changeling or…a sheep, or something."
Sherlock awoke to dead silence and a fierce cramp in his lower back. It was 2:12 in the morning according to his mobile. He kept his breathing steady and let the cramp ride out before very carefully getting up out of bed and heading for the loo.
“All the more reason to go on holiday,” Sherlock replied cheerily, and took the folder back from John so he could tuck it safely away in his desk, lest John toss it into the crackling fire. “I’ll be just as exhausted in Wareham as I will be here, and you’ll be tired too. I really do think we’ll regret it if we don’t go,” he said, sitting carefully onto the couch and motioning for John to sit beside him.
Just a few seconds passed wherein Sherlock's lips were in contact with John's, pressed firm and warm against each other. Sherlock expected to argue when John released the pressure, but instead, he looked the pleased Alpha in the eye and growled, "Do it again."
“Shut up,” John said, cuffing Sherlock’s shoulder terribly gently. “You’ve just given me a daughter and called me amazing by association, and I was in the middle of trying to compliment you. Can’t you just let me compliment you for once?”
“And now, since you’ve been so good and cleaned your plate…I’m going to give you some dessert,” John said, standing up and putting the rest of the lasagna away.
"Let's go, then. Lead on, Macduff." John gestured openly towards the craggy hillside, and Sherlock rolled his eyes and stepped in front of John, starting once more up the hill.
“Really like it,” Sherlock finished, trailing a finger up from his navel along the top curve of his belly. “Joanna. No H, not Jo-hanna,” he clarified. “J-O-A-N-N-A. Joanna.”
“Whoo. What a relief. I was concerned we’d have to send him back if you didn’t like him,” John said, ruffling Soren’s hair. “Daddy and I like him too.” Soren just smiled and nodded, and leaned closer to Sherlock. John sat down next to the whole group, kissing his firstborn’s head and Sherlock’s in turn.
Reuben and Sherlock were cleared to go home early the next morning. Sore and tired, Sherlock headed straight for bed when they got back home, and John obliged him by letting Reuben sleep next to him. The plan was for Soren to come back just after lunch, giving Sherlock and John time to settle back in and get some rest.
John hasn’t said much about it on the blog. He’d made one short post about how he’d be taking a “leave of absence” for “personal reasons,” and turned off comment notifications. Sooner or later, he’s going to have to say more, isn’t he? He wrote about it when he thought Sherlock was dead. Isn’t this the same?
“You did really well. No sign of tearing, which is impressive considering how big he is.” Sherlock looked up inquisitively. “Nine pounds, eight ounces. And you got him out in about twenty minutes of pushing, about fifteen hours of labor total. Depending on when you started counting.” John grinned.
“A little more, then I’ll feed you the cake,” John said, his voice brooking no argument. Sherlock took another swallow, grimaced against a wave of pain, and rubbed the top of his aching belly as he set down the glass.
Sherlock shrugged. “I could do it this way, if you really wanted me to,” he said, but was clear from his tone that he didn’t like the idea.
Sherlock picked it up. He took a sip, then another, drinking very slowly. It didn’t make a difference - his body still tried to reject it, stomach cramping to protest the addition of anything else. He made a noise of discomfort and drank a little more, looking down at his stuffed belly with trepidation.
"I'm having a baby, John," Sherlock moaned, and John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple, taking the man's hands in his own and squeezing.
"No, I'm fine," Sherlock replied instantly, and turned his attention back to Marjorie. He could feel as her own body contracted, and Sherlock slipped his arm inside and cried out as her muscles tightened around him. "Christ, girl, that's not helping me any," he gasped, and then called to John, "crank! Crank, for god's sake!"
He pushed. The heavy body within his body moved downward. He felt the head, the exquisite painful stretch of his flesh yawning wide for the blunt curve to slide out. The burning feeling grew more intense, until it felt like he was being flayed open. The pain plateaued and then faded, and there was a dull cheer ringing through the roaring in his ears. “The head’s out, his head’s out, oh Sherlock,” came John’s voice, thick with tears. Sherlock knew only that he had more work to do, and bore down again.
"Another sandwich. Have one for yourself, I packed plenty." Sherlock took the second sandwich John handed him and ate it slowly this time, instead of scarfing it down. John took a sandwich for himself and ate, thankful that Sherlock had packed plenty. A sandwich and crisps just wasn't enough for lunch, not for all this walking.
It was 1998 when Sherlock and John found out they were going to become parents. November turned to December turned to January and suddenly it was 1999 - and the baby would be due in September if all went to plan.
The urgency in Sherlock’s voice chilled John to the bone, and he ran to the hospital entrance and grabbed a wheelchair. He brought it back to Sherlock and put him in it, wondering where in the hell the nurses were just as two of them ran out of the hospital and toward them. Sherlock whined and spread his knees wide, trying to ease the pain in his hips, and squirmed in the chair.
The reality of what they're doing hits him like a wave of nausea. He tugs at Sherlock's hair, trying to pull him up and off so they can talk. But Sherlock just sighs in—relief? John remembers him asking John to pull his hair. And, God, if all it takes to get him out of this slump is a little hair-pulling, then John's fucking overjoyed to provide.
"I'm fine, John. The baby's apparently healthy, if the amount of moving around it does is any indicator."
"Today's issue." The man swiped the countertop with a damp rag and then nodded towards John's mostly empty pint. "Need another?"
Their third plates were less full than the first two. They managed to finish off the turkey and brussels sprouts and had to split the last Yorkshire pudding. They just had cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mashed potatoes and gravy left, but neither made a move to serve another plate after they’d cleared their third. John was breathing shallowly and rubbing his stomach, and Sherlock was just holding his like it might burst.
"Mmf, I'm done. Thank you. Are you ready to go?" Sherlock asked, tossing the remainder of his sandwich aside and standing up with a grunt. He brushed the crumbs from his shirt, hand jerking away when it brushed against his stomach. John took one last bite of his own sandwich and then stood himself, re-zipping Sherlock's satchel and slinging it over his own shoulder, ignoring Sherlock's protests.
There was what appeared to be a full-body snort and Sherlock’s belly jumped a little with laughter. John grinned. “An amenable proposal,” Sherlock said, and John could hear the smile.
Sherlock rises onto all fours, crawls up John's body, and pins him to the mattress at his shoulders. "Why won't you do this?"
John’s smell, and a brand-new but achingly familiar scent, rose to his nostrils as a tiny, slippery weight was laid in his waiting arms. He looked down through oceans of tears to see the wailing creature on his chest, purple and a little bloody and dark-haired. He didn’t know what he said, only that he was speaking, and crying, and that the baby in his arms was perfect.
Finally, the calf coughed, and its head lifted weakly from the straw, and Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief and sank back to sit in the straw. "Untie Marjorie," he said quietly, barely audible over the roar of the rain outside.
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and leaned against the wall as he relieved himself. “Tess,” he mumbled, “it’s time to come out.” Tomorrow would be 41 weeks, and he would be induced in two days if she didn’t get here before then. He was surprised his doctor had let him go this long - of course, he’d been fairly stubborn in wanting a natural birth, but still - the baby was huge, and so was he.
John grimaced and ran a hand through his hair. "Like she's in labour? I don't know. Pacing, mooing, her vulva's all swollen and loose…"
“Oh?” John asked, turning from the sink and looking bemused. The expression dropped from his face after a moment and was replaced by a far more concerned look, and he turned off the faucet and left the dish in the sink. The look on Sherlock’s face was a careful mask, one that made John’s blood run cold.
“Gestation length for servals is seventy-four days.” Sherlock’s voice echoed in John’s head as John crossed off day seventy-nine on the calendar. Of course, they could have miscalculated, but every inch of Sherlock’s body screamed that it was ready for birth.
Soon, both kittens were dry and nursing from Sherlock. John, fascinated, watched the little family. His brow furrowed when Sherlock stood up again, disrupting the kitten’s nursing. “Bit rude,” he said, and Sherlock shot him a glare.
The next contraction was strong, and Sherlock was glad he no longer had his arm deep inside as he watched the cow pushing and straining. He would be doing this soon, he thought with a wan grimace. Behind him, John worked the comealong furiously, and with a rush of fluid the calf's head and neck slid forth, leaving its legs dangling and tongue lolling.
“Yeah, same here. Let’s see if we can not do that second thing and focus on the first one.” John walked up to Sherlock and stilled his nervous pacing by putting both hands on his hips from behind, holding him close. “It’s alright. This is exactly what we’ve been waiting for. It’s going to be just fine, Sherlock.”
John couldn’t let go of his mate, couldn’t tear his eyes away from his lover even as their children wrapped around their legs and yowled for attention. “You’re going to stay like this now?” he asked, almost afraid to hear the answer.
John seemed to catch on just after his cock did. The hardness was pressing up against the crotch of his sleep trousers when his eyes went wide and he locked gazes with Sherlock. “It’s time?” he asked, the dots connecting. Sherlock nodded and kept moving, pushing down against the hard line of John’s cock. “You’re one of
Sherlock waited until John got home two days later. He greeted his mate at the door with a sad smile, and John knew it was time. “Hello, love,” he said, dropping his bag and wrapping Sherlock in a long hug. His mate’s belly, heavy and round with their offspring, was pressed firmly between them.
The cottage was small and homey, with a bed barely big enough for the two of them plus Joanna’s bump. It was only a few hours away by car, and had an adjacent nature park where they would be able to walk. Sherlock rested for a bit once they arrived, but early afternoon had them both pulling on their outdoor shoes to enjoy the park.
“Victoria and I lost one at thirty-six weeks,” Greg says quietly. “Hardest damn thing in the world.”
“C’mon, Sherlock, let it out,” John encouraged, slowly rubbing Sherlock’s taut abdomen. “You know it’ll feel better if you do.”
"Cor, it's moving?" John asked, and looked at Sherlock's rounded belly incredulously. "I didn't realise you were that far along, really, I mean I see you every day-"
Warm tears wetted John’s hair, and he felt the rumbling of Sherlock’s chest before he heard his voice, that voice he’d missed almost more than the man himself. “I missed you too,” Sherlock replied, and John’s sobs grew stronger. “Alice turned today, just for a few minutes. She seemed confused to be a human, and turned back as soon as she could figure out how. She looked just like you, John. Just like you.”
This man was an enigma if he'd ever met one. A quick learner, eager to please, uncomplaining and untiringly helpful. Something of a rough past, apparently, blatantly readable at times and unflappably impossible to read at others.
He returned to the kitchen, feeling John's eyes on him every step of the way, and returned to stirring the soup. Sherlock turned to face John and leaned back against the countertop. "I believe we need to talk about bonding."
“I am not glowing,” Sherlock replied with a glare. He let John help him out of his coat, trying not to squirm too much in the uncomfortable confines of his clothes. “I shouldn’t even be out, in my condition, but John didn’t want you and father traveling to ours and risking the weather.”
Sherlock drew back after a long moment, holding his stomach in both hands, and then walked back over to his side of the table and sat down. He picked up the spoon in the mashed potatoes and served himself a large dollop. “Bite for bite,” he reminded. John sat back down.
Sherlock was quiet, relaxing only a little into John’s touch. “I’m not sure I’m okay with my body pretending to want...a baby,” he finished, his voice hushed.
It was round all over now, not just the top where he’d filled himself with liquids. His lower stomach was rounded and full with whipped cream, and his shirt was stretching tight around his middle. “More,” he breathed, plucking at the tight cotton fabric. John smiled, patted Sherlock’s belly, and pressed down on the nozzle again.
John made a sympathetic noise when they reached the light of the house and he could see the damp fabric clinging to Sherlock’s thighs. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s lower back. Sherlock’s cheeks flushed red-hot again and he said nothing, moving slowly and achily across the threshold and into their house.
"Gonna take you, gonna fuck you, gonna bond and make a ba-" John cut himself off, stopping just before he realised his error, and shook his head. "Gonna make you mine." He positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance, breached the man's hole, and sank in deep.
Sherlock softened slightly and took a deep breath, letting it out and relaxing his shoulders some. He nodded and looked up at John, his expression clearing - some of the frustration and pain ebbing from his face and being replaced with a slightly chastised smile. “You’re right. Of course you’re right,” he said, palm rubbing flat on the spot where John had placed it. “Just need to stay focused on the end goal. Meeting our daughter.”
Marjorie was indeed in labour, and Sherlock slipped a halter over her head and led her into a box stall, tying her tight to the wall. "Obstetrical chains, in the milk house. Wash them off, bring them back with that bucket of water I wanted. I'll sleeve her to palpate."
"Don't wanna hurt you," John replied, scissoring Sherlock open until he thought he was ready enough and then pulling his fingers out and slinging Sherlock's leg around his waist. Sherlock groaned needily when he felt John's cock brush between his arsecheeks, hard and hot and slick.
Half an hour later, Sherlock was scrambling to roll over so that he could get on hands and knees. John pressed the call button on the bed over and over until Maggie and Abby arrived, scrubbing their hands and arms quickly and pulling on gloves before helping him get in position. “I’m taking this to mean you’re feeling ready to push,” Maggie said, and Sherlock nodded, gritting his teeth.
“James, though, not Hamish, surely,” John said, though Sherlock could tell he was taken by surprise at the idea. “Don’t need to saddle someone brand-new with Hamish for a name.”
John’s eyebrows crawled off his forehead and he looked at Sherlock. “Having some cravings, are we?” he asked.
Sherlock felt a little chilled as he drank the last of the milkshake. The cool treat had reached his stomach and brought the temperature of the organ down a small increment, and between that and the sugar content, Sherlock was shivering a little, his belly bared to the air. He rubbed it slowly, feeling it rumble and gurgle under his hands. He was about to speak up when the oven beeped, and John rose from his seat to pull the pan out.
They laid there, John on top of Sherlock, Sherlock’s emission cooling between them and John’s knot tugging
"Come on, calf, perk up," Sherlock murmured, moving its head around with both hands, encouraging it to breathe. "Keep cranking, John, just a few more and it'll be out."
The woman looked up at him, almost affronted, until she realised that John had read her name tag. "Now, young man, the name tag may say 'Emma' but it's Mrs Hudson to you."
The muscles in his legs and groin smarted with pain, and his eyes were squeezed tight shut. It felt for all the world like the corded muscles in his inner thighs had frayed apart. It took everything he had to roll onto his side and drag his upper leg into place on top of the lower one. “Ow,” he said pitifully, looking up at John through damp curls.
John looked at Sherlock narrowly as he sank down with a groan. “You know it’s time,” he said a little accusingly.
He was leant back to accommodate his bulk. His stomach stretched out in front of him, white and round and packed, absolutely gorged. It reached a point near his navel and then curved back into his body, so full that it had no give at all beneath his tight, itchy skin. He tipped the glass up further, drank the last of the milk, and let it fall to the floor with a clunk, doubling over to clutch at his distended belly.
Sherlock grunted and pressed in further. "I don't want to damage the walls of the birth canal. I can check dilation and labour from here. And…she is indeed labouring, I can feel the feet. Another few pushes and she'll have them out. It's anterior, thankfully."
There’s a bump. He strokes a hand over the newly tight skin and smiles at John. “Our kittens,” he says, and a thrill runs up John’s spine.
“And out you’ll have her. When you feel the next contraction, give us a good hard push,” Maggie instructed. “John, hands on his lower back. When you see him push, press down firmly. It will help, even if you think you’re hurting him.” John nodded dumbly and waited.
John held him through the lull between contractions and then through the next contraction, stroking Sherlock’s wet hair and trying to bring him any amount of comfort at all. Sherlock was panting and whining through a hard contraction when he felt something pop inside him, and then felt a hot rush of liquid, warmer than the shower water, run down his thighs. “My waters,” he said, unable to keep the panic from his voice as the contraction waned. “I think - I think they -“
“Trust me, I can keep up with it,” John grinned, kissing the scar tissue over Sherlock’s bond mark. “I’m here to wait on you hand and foot, back rubs and sex included.” He shifted and pulled out, rolling off the side of the bed to grab a discarded towel and wipe them both off perfunctorily.
Fact: Though Sherlock didn't care for the child's well-being after its birth, he loathed the idea of going through pregnancy and labour to bring a dead baby into the world.
Sherlock had tried to ignore it, when it was just small flutters in his belly, but he couldn't deny it now. The baby had quickened, was growing, was stretching him out from the inside and sometimes it turned slow circles in his belly.
“She’s going to have your name,” Sherlock tells Violet, and within him, their second daughter kicks joyfully.
John waggled the two-liter bottle next to him. “Not quite done,” he said, teasing. “You haven’t even had to take your shirt off yet, tubby. You’ve got more space in there yet.” Sherlock made a face and took the straw, taking a few long sips to spite John. It didn’t take long to finish off the rest of the bottle, the straw sucking air loudly inside the empty plastic container for a second before John took the bottle away. Sherlock glanced down and made a guttural noise.
Sherlock looked down. John was right - of course he was, John was always right - his earlier meal had started to settle lower in his gut, making him look a little less top-heavy. “Full,” he said honestly, rubbing the very top curve where he was fullest.
Sherlock got a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach. “That’s not good,” he said carefully, turning around to face John.
John was quiet for a minute and then let out a whoop of joy, pushing back his chair and scooping Sherlock up in a hug. “I’m going to be a granddad,” he said, kissing Sherlock on the cheek. He visibly calmed himself and took a deep breath, letting it out on a whoosh. “I should probably save my enthusiasm for when I actually get the news,” he said a bit sheepishly. “But still...you’re right, of course you’re right. I mean...it’s the same thing we did, when...”
"Mrs Hudson," Sherlock murmured. "I'm not surprised, she's in cahoots with Mrs Turner, who owns the place. Regardless, a nice little shop."
Sherlock nodded in reply and let John help him towel off. He looked up and saw his reflection in the mirror. His full, stretched belly was very low now, and he could feel the baby stretched out inside him, as opposed to being curled up as she had been just the day before. He felt a pressure between his hips, too, which he knew had to be her head pressing down. He rubbed at the ache in his pelvis and let out a long breath, meeting John’s gaze in the mirror. “She’s almost here,” he said, his voice tired.
John picked up the worn T framed stool, and after a few attempts managed to balance on it and clumsily positioned himself to Marjorie's right. "So there, girl. Go easy on me, okay? It's my first time." John chuckled and fumbled for one long teat, trying not to manhandle it.
John swiped at tears and took his place at Sherlock’s side, staring down at their newborn daughter. “Look at her,” he breathed.
His stomach was extremely full, rounded out from the two-liter of soda and the bottles of water he’d drank on top of his regular meal. The carbonation sat like a tight fist at the top of his stomach, rising and creating a hard peak under his skin. He kneaded at it through the shirt, moaning quietly. It was rock solid under his hand thanks to the un-released pressure of the gas. Lazily, Sherlock lifted his hips to pull his shirt up to bare his stomach, grunting for effect as he moved. “John,” he murmured, running his hand up from his lower stomach up to where that knot of pressure sat, hard and hot.
“Good. If that’s what your body tells you to do, by all means, keep doing it. Squatting is a traditional birthing position in a lot of cultures - it helps the body open up.” She poured gel on her ultrasound wand and pressed it into the low curve of Sherlock’s belly. A tinny swooshing sound emanated from the speakers, and she listened for thirty seconds or so, counting the rapidity of the baby’s heartbeat. “That sounds perfect to me. No signs of stress. Textbook heartbeat. Do you feel like things are progressing?”
Finally, he reached the mirror in the bedroom. John turned on the light and pressed something into Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock shook his head and tried to make John take it back. “You said if I walked on my own —“
Six weeks later, Sherlock takes a test. He isn’t sure if it’s relief or terror that knocks his knees out from under him, but John is there to help him back up and hold him and tell him Sherlock he loves him, he loves
He had a few more bites of cake left, and a quarter glass of milk. He was breathing so shallowly that he was almost lightheaded, and his stomach looked like it had become a being of its own, so round and full that it didn’t seem like it could be part of him.
They both finished their second plates, but neither made a move to load up their plates again. Sherlock was touching his stomach gingerly, his sides aching with how full he’d gotten. John was in a similar state. Sherlock noticed that John’s glass of water was still nearly full, while his own was less than half empty. “If we’re keeping even on this, you need to drink more of your water,” he said, pointing at the glass.
Sherlock only hesitated for a moment. “What plans are those?” he asked, trailing a finger down the top of his stomach.
John moved behind Sherlock and pushed two fingers inside, meeting no resistance. “You’re open,” he murmured, kissing Sherlock’s shoulder. He pushed another finger in, which stretched Sherlock a little. Sherlock pushed his hips back onto John’s fingers, and John felt more than heard his groan of pleasure.
"Alright, I need the water now, I'm going to scrub up and help. We'll pull the calf to expedite labour." At that, John blanched, but helpfully lifted the bucket so Sherlock didn't have to bend to dip his arms in. "Give me one chain." John handed Sherlock the still wet stainless steel chains, and Sherlock pushed the chain through the larger loop on the end, making a slip loop. He held it open and hooked it over his thumb, and pressed his hand inside Marjorie's swollen vulva. "Ssh, that's a girl. We'll get this baby out of you." Sherlock made a face and pushed in further, trying to hook the chain over a slippery hoof.
John swore and blinked hard, trying to stop the tears of awe as he caught a glimpse of his daughter’s face, squashed and purple and covered in the slick of Sherlock’s body. “Hey,” he said tearfully, smearing a kiss onto Sherlock’s cheek, “Hey, oh my god, she’s right there. I can see her, love. You’re almost done, darling, she’s so close.”
John runs back to the flat to fetch Sherlock something to wear home. The clothes he’d worn there were ruined beyond repair.
Sherlock shuts his eyes. His Adam’s apple bobs as he visibly swallows, and his face is tight and controlled. For a moment, John thinks that this is going to be it. His stomach lurches at the impending upheaval.
Sherlock hadn't been expecting John, or anything or anyone remotely like John; he'd expected some pathetic teenager who he could pay half the going wages to sleep in the barn and care for the livestock. But no, he'd gotten John. Strong, able-bodied, eager John. Friendly, amiable,
“No, it’s not unreasonable,” Sherlock admitted. “But realistically, if she hasn’t come yet and she’s just now started to drop, she probably won’t come for at least a few more days. And there is a medical emergency centre here, which I know
Heart pounding, John reached in and picked up the kitten. It mewled and moved its front legs, searching for something to hold onto, so John held it close to his chest as quickly as possible. Sherlock was still watching warily, but was licking the second kitten clean. John stroked the downy-soft fur on the first kitten, fresh tears rising to his eyes as the newborn mewled. “It’s okay, little one,” he murmured. “Papa’s got you.”
John was right, of course. Sherlock started to feel the pressure of the gas building after a few more swallows, tight at the top of his stomach. Had he been sitting up, he would have responded to it naturally by letting it out, but lying down kept it trapped there. The pressure of the gas was different than that of a liquid, more urgent, harder somehow. He drank more, a little urgently, wanting to feel the pressure build.
but they were getting there. Still, Sherlock didn’t mind. It was more than he’d thought he’d ever have, and he was going to cherish every moment.
He padded quietly to the en suite, leaving the light turned off and feeling his way to the toilet. He sank down onto the porcelain seat with a quiet groan, leaning forward as much as he could given the bulk of his middle. With one hand he rubbed at the folded skin where his belly rested on his thigh. He could feel how the weight of her inside him had shifted - he felt fuller now, somehow. Slower. More ready.
“Our options are limited at the moment,” Sherlock said wryly, tugging his shirt off and motioning for John to do the same. He did, though he took the time to gaze appreciatively at Sherlock’s breasts in his bra before Sherlock unhooked it too and tossed it aside. He then took the time to gaze appreciatively at Sherlock’s breasts out of his bra. Both options were equally good.
"Hey!" John barked, but Sherlock was already gone, marching in amongst the sheep and sending them running in every direction. Victor was nipping at heels and keeping the sheep in the right area, and after a few minutes of looking around he nodded, apparently satisfied, and turned to walk back to John.
"Fuck, Sherlock, I…" John took his hands from his eyes, wiping away tears of joy. "I'm gonna be a dad. Thank you, god, thank you so much." He was grinning ear to ear and Sherlock couldn't help but return the smile.
He was regretting his decision three days later. Tess, who had dropped into the bowl of his pelvis overnight, felt heavier than she’d ever felt before, and it was all Sherlock could do to rise from a seated position. John made noises of sympathy every time Sherlock groaned his way into a standing position, itching to get up and help his husband with whatever task he’d decided to embark on.
was stiff knees and injuries that ached when fronts came through. (Sherlock’s bullet wound on his shoulder ached.) (So did John’s.) (Neither admitted it.)
Sherlock shook his head, alarmed. “I can’t move,” he said, gripping the sides of the chair. “I’m too full - John, no, I -“
John squeezed his fingers back and let out a gasping, relieved breath. “The head is out. The cord is where it should be. The baby will rotate, let it move for a moment - just like that. Push again, when you’re ready. Just the shoulders now, and the worst will be over.”
Sherlock pulled himself up once more and laid a tentative hand on his belly, steadying himself. "Nearly six months gone is too far gone for this nonsense," he muttered, and opened the door to go back into the house.
“A bit might, but perhaps not the quantity of belly I’m currently hauling around,” Sherlock grumbled, but even he had to smile as he accepted John’s compliment.
“What’s his name, love?” John murmured, helping settle the baby back in Sherlock’s arms. “I know you’ve been sitting on it for weeks now.”
John saw the fire in Sherlock’s eyes and nodded eagerly. He got Sherlock to grip onto the headboard with both hands and entered him from behind. It didn’t take long for John to get the right rhythm and angle, and then all it took was another contraction of Sherlock’s body to have John coming with a grunt and a shudder. When he finished, he pulled out of Sherlock’s body and wiped them both clean, and then sat cross-legged on the bed. “So. New rules?” he asked.
“Gonna have to get you into a position where you can stand to be for awhile,” John said gently, helping roll Sherlock onto his side and putting a pillow between his thighs to ease some of the strain on his hips. “Can you manage hands and knees, do you think?”
The baby was four days past due. Her carrier and bassinet were in the corner of their bedroom awaiting their occupant’s arrival, and upstairs her nursery was stocked with baby clothes and nappies and hats and socks and everything else a baby could possibly need to be happy - all just waiting on the baby herself. But she was clearly happy where she was, still inside her mother, content to make him larger and larger until his own clothes no longer fit and he couldn’t tie his own shoes.
"Sherlock."Greg repeated. "John's been hurt and I need you to bring some of his clothes to the hospital. I'll send you the address."
John made his way up the stairs, making the usual noise as he went, but he knew that Sherlock could tell from what step he had been on he had been listening. He wasn’t going to be angry about this thought, there had to be a good reason Sherlock thought he was a bother, and wanted to hear it.
Slowly John turned away from the window as he heard a brave soul knock on the door downstairs, but it wasn’t as if he was going to answer it so they could knock until they had bloody knuckles for all he cared. His attention was focused on Sherlock who seemed to grow tenser at the noise. The doctor moved forward, closing the flat door, making sure to double lock it. He did the same for the door in the kitchen even though he knew there was no way for them to get in, he wanted to put Sherlock at ease.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft began as he set the cups down on the counter before turning to look at his little brother. “There are somethings that you can’t delete and that is one of them. It is going to take some time.”
An hour or so later, just as the clock on the wall ticked past 11:05, Sherlock looked over at John and said his mate’s name. John glanced up. “Yes?”
“Help me up,” Sherlock grumbled. He’d managed to sit up, but couldn’t rise on his own from the mattress. On the other side of the bed, John grunted and rolled over. “Now. Please,” he added as an afterthought, gritting his teeth - he needed to pee, and his back ached, and if he fidgeted to relieve the ache it made the pressure on his bladder worse. He tapped his foot impatiently while John walked around the bed and hauled him up, and moved as fast as he could to the toilet.
John straddled Sherlock’s upper body. He could feel the heat of Sherlock’s full belly against his back and the thought of that made his already-hard cock even harder. He slid his cock into the tight valley between Sherlock’s breasts and groaned when Sherlock pushed the twin mounds even closer together. “God,” he breathed, looking down at Sherlock all flushed and pink beneath him.
“Think about how good it’ll feel when you’re even fuller,” John said, and cut a big piece of cake, holding it to Sherlock’s lips.
"Because I barely had enough cash to pay for my meal at the bar, and saw an ad for a farm worker, and figured I could do the job."
"I know, love. I'm sorry," John replied, and pulled Sherlock to sit beside him on the couch, rubbing his back and shoulders. "Not long, now. Any day."
More cramps were rolling through his belly when John came up and stood behind him, his warm, gentle hands smoothing over the rounded surface. “Look at yourself,” John murmured into his ear, looking at Sherlock’s reflection in the mirror. “You ate so much for me. Got so big you could hardly stand. Don’t you feel amazing?” he murmured.
“Not for a little while yet, at least,” the doctor pronounced, putting her chart aside and folding her hands in her lap. “You’re measuring big, and so is she, but I don’t think we need an induction just yet. We’ll see what things look like at 38 weeks, and maybe then we might schedule you in. Do you want an induction, Sherlock?” she asked.
"Did you see the look on the poor bugger's face when you snapped the band on?" John crowed, nearly doubling over remembering the wide-eyed look of shock that had passed across Gladstone's face when the band snapped tight around his testicles.
Thankfully, the pitch dark disguised the wet patch on his trousers, but it didn’t mask the sound of wet fabric sticking to Sherlock’s upper legs. He tried to stand but found he couldn’t of his own will power. His spine was stiff and sore, the irregular support of the corset having pulled it out of alignment on the rough ride home. “I can’t get up,” he said, half-choking on his words. “Ah - John, help.” He put a hand on his lower back, which was throbbing with pain.
“I love you,” John murmured, kissing Sherlock’s cheek, then his lips. He fondled Sherlock’s ear between thumb and forefinger, looking into his mate’s eyes. “I love you.”
The food was good. Everything on the menu had sounded appetizing, and Sherlock couldn’t choose one dish - thankfully, his very obvious condition played in his favor and the waiter had the chef prepare one plate with three different portions for Sherlock to sample. “We’re coming back tomorrow,” Sherlock said to John around a mouthful of mushroom ravioli. “I want as much of this as I can physically fit inside myself for as long as we’re here, because...” He stopped and looked around just to be sure. “This
"And you haven't used them yet, which tells me two things - you don't really want to, and you don't want to hurt your baby, regardless of whether you want it or not. I've always wanted kids," John continued. "I would want to keep it, if we bonded."
After twenty-one minutes of silent agony, Sherlock said ‘oh’ again, and John tapped a button on his phone with a shaking finger.
Their daughter, their second daughter, bursts howling into the world and right into her father's hands. Her papa swoons straight back into them only seconds later.
“The best outcome for who?” Sherlock asked, staring downward at a vast expanse of pale skin jutting outward from his shirt. “For them, I know, I know. It’s just.” He sighed again. “The human body may have evolved to manage twins, but my body did not.”
John swallowed hard and arched into Sherlock’s hand. “Better put on some comfortable clothes, then. We’ve got...a lot of eating to do.”
The twentieth day of April dawned bleak and drizzly, and Sherlock spent the morning in bed with a hot pad on his back as John did chores. He couldn't bring himself to move; his spine smarted and ached with a fury he had never experienced. Nine months gestation was too long, let alone nine months and five days.
“You said you liked them,” Sherlock said, his cheeks flushed as he put his palms on either side of his breasts and pushed them together. John’s mouth fell open for a second before his brain caught up with his body and closed it again. “Go on. I want you to.”
Soren heaved a big sigh. “Okay.” He sat up a little, looking Reuben over again. “Can I give him a kiss?”
Sherlock gasped and his head fell back and he let himself be overcome by the pleasure of John inside him, filling him, touching him exactly the way he needed to be touched. His cock spilled against his low, full belly, painting the stretched surface with warm, sticky spend. His body rippled and tightened around John’s cock, and as his orgasm tailed off, he felt John’s cock fill just a little more and then release. He felt the warmth of it inside him and he shivered a little with aftershocks of pleasure as John gave one last halfhearted thrust and then stilled behind him.
“Ow,” John sympathized, brushing the dark hair out of Sherlock’s eyes. “Got a bit lost, there at the end. Didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Sherlock shook his head and kept walking, Victor easily keeping pace at his side. What had he gotten himself into, placing that ad?
He heard little feet at the bedroom door and he turned, feeling not unlike a barge fighting the current to move. “Yes?” he asked Cara, who was looking curiously at her mother. She walked forward and held her arms up, and Sherlock shook his head sadly. “I can’t hold you right now,” he said, patting his bump. “She’s in the way.”
Sherlock nodded and a wet sniffle escaped his nose. His arm rose to swipe at the offending mucus and John chuckled, earning a wan smile from Sherlock in return.
The hospital sends home a “memory box.” Pictures, handprints and footprints, a lock of hair, a blanket. Sherlock glances at it once, then spends the rest of the taxi ride home looking resolutely out the window at nothing at all.
There was a very unmistakeable damp patch at the front of Sherlock’s trousers, and an equally recognizable swelling pushing at the waistband. John cleared his throat a little demurely, and he could almost see Sherlock’s cheeks flush red even though his head wasn’t visible. Sherlock made a noise in his throat, almost a whine, and flung an arm in the air as if waving a white flag. “I liked you rubbing my feet before I was pregnant,” he said, his voice muffled. “Now I like you rubbing my feet
“Got you, love, almost there, I’ll come when you do,” John assured, rubbing his cheek against Sherlock’s shoulder again and nodding rapidly. “Come.”
“Try not to,” John said. “But I have more soda to top you up, if you want.” Sherlock heaved a sigh, his belly rising and falling with the breath, and he struggled to sit up around his bloated middle. He felt the shift in pressure right away and felt his body immediately react by trying to burp, but he made a grunting noise and kept his mouth closed firmly, trying to override it. A small burp bubbled up but he managed to keep most of the carbonation in as he stood up to go to the bedroom.
John helped pick him up and set him down in a deep squat on the bed. Some of the pressure ebbed, but he couldn’t move out of this position on his own, either. He held onto the headboard for support and tried to concentrate on what he needed to do to bring their daughter forth.
"Bite me. Bond me," Sherlock begged, crying out each time John slammed inside his body, pushed his pelvis as firmly against Sherlock's body as he could. His fingers raked insistent paths up John's back and gripped his rear, squeezing it between his fingers in an attempt to pull John closer, deeper. "Do it, bite me, bond-"
Sherlock nodded his agreement and sighed, leaning into John. “I’m tired,” he mumbled. “And it hurts. My lower back is a shambles.”
Fact: His body was attempting to bond with an Alpha, a man he'd known for several months and who he had developed a close friendship with.
John leant down and kissed Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock could feel the heat of John’s happy tears radiating from his cheeks, and he squeezed John’s hand tight. “That’s our daughter in there,” he said, glancing up at the screen and then down at Sherlock’s rounded middle.
"Useful bugger, then," John remarked, and lost sight of the dog once more as he went into taller and taller weeds. A simple 'mm' was all the response he got.
“Nothing!” Sherlock said quickly. “Nothing, it’s just that I don’t much like the idea of being stranded with no cell signal in an unfamiliar place
John laughed and simply watched Sherlock for the next few minutes as he kneaded dough. "Happy Christmas, by the way."
When she left, there were two sonogram scans on the fridge - one from six weeks, another from a few days prior. The house felt a little less empty than it had for the past week, with the knowledge of another little someone to love on their way.
"Yeah," John exhaled, and brushed the dirt from his trousers with one hand as he picked up the stool with the other. "Still, could've gone worse."
"The ATV's in the barn, John, have fun getting it stuck in mud up to your ankles. We're walking out today."
. It’s not like the last time, the splitting-in-two, coming-off-the-bed agony that no drug could so much as make a dent in. The pain is gradual—at first, like strong muscle cramps in his stomach and back—but they grow, in length and in severity.
When Sherlock’s heat came around, he was acutely aware of it and determined to ignore it. He was more emotionally vulnerable during heats than any other time, and with everything that had happened in the past month he was not willing to lose himself in the least. Not even if this was the strongest heat he’d had in years, damn-you-very-much pregnancy pheromones.
“Beautiful,” John murmured, both hands rubbing the little paunch now. “Look at that. Look at you, with your little tummy. Shows I fed you well tonight, doesn’t it?”
“Queening,” Sherlock said, a smile growing on his lips. “You can barely tell, but I knew when I woke up this morning. It’d have to have been…mmm, two weeks ago or so. In bed, I think. How romantic.” He sips his tea.
Mollified, Sherlock allowed John to take him back downstairs, where his parents waited by the Christmas tree. If the straining button popped free when Sherlock sat down, nobody said anything.
"Fine by me," John responded, and pushed his chair back, strode around the table and pressed his lips to Sherlock's again. Sherlock made a pleased sort of noise and gripped John's jumper in his hands, tugging at the material.
and this was what John did best. Stay moving, Watson, and everything will be fine. Stop, and everything stops.
Sherlock handed her over, slightly reluctant. Cara snuggled against his side and watched as John set the baby on the scale next to the changing table. “Good god,” he said after a moment, then picked Tess back up and gave her back to her mother. “How does ten pounds, eight ounces sound?” Mrs. Hudson made a noise of shock.
"Don't be a nuisance. Of course you've got the job, I'm simply trying to determine your physical and mental state and analyse how long it'll take to train you. I haven't got much time before I'm unable to work the stock." The man tugged at his shirt, and John came to a sudden realisation.
John found the pails without much trouble. He walked through the door and stopped short when he saw Sherlock standing, back to him, with a…was that a rod strapped to his arse? John snorted and Sherlock turned around, the rod swinging slightly.
Sherlock shook his head. "The house and its facilities are yours to use whenever you need. When winter comes, we shall see if it becomes too cold to sleep in the box stall, and find alternate housing arrangements from there."
"She's so small," Sherlock whispered, clutching his baby girl close and rocking the whimpering infant back and forth on his chest. "She's so small, so small."
“She will be,” Sherlock said, nodding and trying to put on a brave face for their oldest daughter. “See, she’s coming. Mummy just has to work a bit harder to get her here.” Slowly, achingly, he let go of the headboard and sank deeper into the squat, trying to sit upright for Cara to see. “Still in here,” he said, touching his belly tenderly. “She’ll be out soon.”
"I know, I know," John murmurs. "Do it for me. Just a little more. You've gotta push past it. For us."
The sharp shifting must have jarred him more than he thought, as the corset was digging in again. He could almost feel his abdomen straining against the bottom hem of it, the boning clutching at an expanse of flesh that wanted freedom. He tried to pull it back into place, but the attempt only resulted in even more discomfort and more strain on his back.
Sherlock yowled and strained again, then collapsed back against the box. John’s heart went cold. “Are you okay? Is it going to come?” he asked, unsure of what to do. Sherlock twisted, pushed fruitlessly, and let out another yowl before looking to John and nodding toward the yet unborn kitten. John got to his knees immediately and leaned into the box, gripping impossibly fragile rear legs between his thumbs and forefingers. “Push, Sherlock, and I’ll help you.”
"Right. Well, I can see that particular chore having gone much worse. She's done," Sherlock said, and yanked the pail out from beneath the cow and rose to his feet on the other side. John jerked backwards, lost his balance, and ended up sprawled out on the dusty barn floor, dangerously close to Agnes's back feet. Suddenly a hand appeared in his line of vision, and he grasped it and was tugged quickly up and out of range of the cow's black hooves.
He waits until Mycroft is down the stairs and out the door before he gets up and goes to Sherlock, taking Mycroft’s place at his side and settling one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
In the cab, he rests his head against the cool glass of the window and lets the silence envelop him.
It was like walking on eggshells after that. Sherlock finished eating his lunch with a pensive expression on his face, and John washed the dishes with a nervous haste he’d never applied to the task before. Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop checking his phone for the time, watching every minute pass with intense concentration.
The rigid facade of aristocratic professionalism that Mycroft wears at all times is still in place, but there's a softness showing through that leads John to believe that for once, Mycroft Holmes is entirely sincere.
John said, shaking his head in disbelief. “I need to find - scissors. Or something. I’ll be right back.” He pressed another long kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, unable to stop staring at their daughter, and then tore himself away to go find some medical supplies somewhere.
James grows quickly, as quickly as Joanna had. The time flies. Before Sherlock can grasp it, he’s laying out a cake and ice cream for the little boy’s first birthday. It’ll just be a small party, Sherlock and John and Cameron and Joanna and James, but that’s fine, they’re having another small to-do with some children from the daycare.
“Almost done, beautiful. You’re almost finished, and then I’m going to show you how big you are.” John pushed the glass of milk toward him, and Sherlock drank, letting out a quiet cry when his stomach cramped and rolled beneath his hand.
It isn't that he finds Sherlock unattractive. On the contrary, he's still the most beautiful creature John has ever known. But the story of their loss is written in flesh along every inch of Sherlock's body, and the intimate contact only brings those details into stark relief. He pushes Sherlock up a little. Sherlock growls, but John holds fast.
“Just wanted to be certain,” John replied, stripping off his own shirt with ease and stepping out of his trousers before climbing into bed. “I do like these,” he added, and buried his face in between Sherlock’s swollen pectorals and blew a loud raspberry.
Sherlock gathered the loose edges of his strength and put everything he had into the next push, straining so hard that his vision went slightly black and he shook with the effort. He felt her shift inside him, turning so her shoulders could pass, felt that agonizing burn again and shouted with a raw, hoarse throat, and kept pushing, pushing until she moved again and moved down and moved out and was born.
“You know we’re suppose to be together. I knew it the first time I saw you, and you know it, too. I know you do.” Johnlock
A look that flashed across Mycroft’s face that Reminded John of the parting look Moriarty gave him before he sent him into the room to rape his best friend.
“Perhaps before you offer to relieve me of my place here, you should go work things out with your fiancée, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft voiced “There is no need to make this any more difficult than it already is, and I can assure you there are other people that can come and look after Sherlock while you handle your relationship.”
Mycroft settled himself to get a bit more comfortable as he opened another program and searched for Moran. He hoped, prayed even, that he could find the man this way, through the usual searching, so he could send a car to 'pick him up'.
Sherlock’s heart was beating so hard he was certain that the other two could hear it and if Moran as looking hard enough he could see the faint movement of his clothes as his heart pounded against his ribs. His eyes shifted quickly from Moran and where he held the door open and the hustle and bustle just outside of the door.
“Sherlock, I’ll be there in a few minutes alright?” The question was more rhetorical than anything, he was going whether Sherlock found it alright or not. “You don’t have to do this alone and I am not going to let you. I am not going to let the man I love do this alone.
Sherlock nodded as he closed his eyes for a moment before opening them again as he allowed John to wrap his arms around him.
“I mean it sunshine, I want you to call me if you need anything, I want you to be okay and feel safe.”
Mycroft was going to livid, and Lestrade was going to be fuming, and John… John has a look that could kill on his face, or had the last time he had seen him, which was before he had bolted home. People had been staring and whispering and it made him feel worse than he had when the photo had been taken, he didn’t even remember anyone ever being that close to take it, but he had been in and out of consciousness.
John became worried and made his way down the hall and stood in the doorway, his eyes falling on Sherlock’s obviously tense and panicked form as he clutched the sink. It was the first time he had seen Sherlock this way, the first time he noticed the raised, pink skin that crossed Sherlock’s back. His Scars. He was rooted on the spot as what he was seeing hit him.
He wished he hadn’t agreed to go out with John to Tesco’s because he needed to get out more because after being home for two months he had yet to venture farther than Speedy’s. But he assumed that it would have been safe, that he was with John, that no one even knew his existence, that when they saw him he was a figment of their imagination if they saw him at all. Oh but how wrong was he as he walked down the street with John, head bowed slightly as if not to be completely noticed, but he could feel their eyes on him, following him and his every move, but he didn’t know what was going on. And he honestly wish he didn’t find out.
body wants-" Sherlock coughed on his soup and looked up, surprised, but John simply shrugged. "We're friends, maybe more than, by now. I don't see any reason to argue."
John’s words were distant and muffled in his ears, but John’s hand on his cheek guided him to look up. John looked so worried - so tired, and so worried for them both. Sherlock didn’t have the ability to worry right now - his task was much more arduous than that. He kissed John’s wrist and put his hand low on his belly, pressing it into the taut skin with his own hand on top. “Almost here,” he breathed, and watched as John’s eyes lit up with hope.
“Contraction,” Sherlock said, flinging out an arm to grab at John. Cara made an uncertain noise and plastered herself to John’s thigh, brow furrowed.
“Wonderful. Sounds just right. I’m going to go get some things set up in your bedroom, I’ll holler if I need anything. Keep timing for me if you can, John, and Sherlock - do whatever feels right.” She patted Sherlock’s shoulder again and retreated down the hallway to their bedroom.
“No, I think he’s good. We can keep him,” Soren decided, reaching out to touch Reuben’s outstretched hand.
Sherlock was more than okay. The first time they’d had sex in weeks, his ungainly form putting him out of the mood most of the time. Now, though, with John inside him, his discomfort ebbed away, leaving only pleasure in its wake. He nodded in response to John’s inquiry and slid his hand down further, trying to reach his cock to stroke it. His bulk was in the way, and he only succeeded in brushing the very root of it and increasing his frustration.
Sherlock turns over, from his back to his side, so his back is to Mycroft. Feeling intrusive, John turns to his laptop screen. He has editing he could be doing. Emails to be replying to. Hell, files to rename and move around. Anything to take himself out of the room.
The pressure continued to build in his guts as the heavy cream and nitrous oxide gas combined and pushed through his body, expanding in volume. Sherlock made another deep noise and rubbed at his stomach as his skin stretched, his shirt getting tighter now. John’s hand caressed his side and the bottom of his belly, which was starting to get so curved that his cock was disappearing from his sight.
"You're producing milk?" John asked inquisitively as Sherlock pulled his shirt off, baring his belly and chest.
There was more cleaning, and then John carefully dressed Sherlock’s lower half in thick pads and soft underwear and clean pajamas. Just as he finished, a nurse returned with their second son, clean and dressed in a nappy and green romper. “Both socks on,” Sherlock observed, and John’s smile was radiant.
“Are you…okay?” John asked, and his face broke into a grin when Sherlock laughed. “I think you’re going to have a really good time with this, if that was any indication.”
John chuckled. "I see. You and your research…" he was silent for a few moments. "You'll be a great dad, Sherlock."
Sherlock protested, but John sat him down, and now that their heights were evened out Sherlock could lean heavily on John's shoulder to recover. John held him close, wrapping his arms around the man's shaking body - one around his shoulders, the other around his thickening waist. Sherlock's breathing was heavy and uneven, but it gradually shallowed until his breathing matched John's inhale for inhale. "Better now?" John asked quietly, rocking Sherlock gently back and forth.
Sherlock’s hand drifted idly over his belly as John rubbed his feet. The baby was still and sleeping inside him, normal for this time of night. “Are you coming anytime soon, love?” Sherlock asked her, tapping on his stomach. He craned his neck to look at the calendar, although he knew exactly what day it was and exactly when he was due. Last week, the half-gallon of milk they’d bought expired after his due date and he’d nearly done a happy dance inside the shop. “Your birthday is meant to be in two days, you know. You don’t seem too interested in celebrating it.”
“She’s big,” Sherlock said, dragging a towel from the small stack and wrapping her up in it. “Bigger than I thought she would be.” The baby made a small noise when he shifted her to swaddle her, but quieted again as she was wrapped up in the warm towel.
Sherlock shivered at the thought and goosebumps rose across his whole body, even over his middle, which rippled a little with the little contractions in his skin. He let out a little moan and a guttural grunt, holding his stomach with one hand while he picked the can back up.
Sherlock shivered forward into the touch. “You know I want more,” he said, moving smoothly up and down John’s cock. “You know I love carrying your babies.”
John flopped his head to the side, peering at Sherlock vertically. "I do love you," he said simply. "I just think you're insufferable, as well."
Sherlock stands and braces against the wall, he lies on his side and holds the arms of the bed, he even sits on the ridiculous inflatable ball and rocks. The contractions are unforgiving. John is at his back at every instant, holding him and letting Sherlock cling to him in return.
“She’s got you as a father. How could she be anything other than amazing?” Sherlock looked up when he felt something hot and damp fall on his shoulder, and saw John trying to conceal a fresh wave of tears. “Oh, John, don’t tell me you’re crying over that.”
“Just so,” Maggie said, patting Sherlock’s thigh. “Shoulders next, and she’ll be born. You’ll have your baby. Give us another good push, Sherlock, I know you have it in you.”
Sherlock-in-the-mirror bit his lip and let out a little whimper, snatching John’s attention back. Something had changed. Sherlock pried an eye open and met John’s gaze, drawing in a hitching breath. “I need to push,” he said, shivering like even the words were turning him on.
Sherlock and John both laughed. “He’s really pretty big, as far as babies go. I’m not sure I would have fit him, if he’d been much bigger. But he’ll grow faster than you’ll ever believe,” Sherlock said, shifting a little to give Soren a better look at his brother.
A series of dots connected in Sherlock’s mind and he drew a shuddering breath. “I was in labor in the carriage,” he said, breathless. “My waters leaked then. The back spasms were contractions, they must have been.” John nodded in agreement, reaching the same conclusion.
"Twenty two weeks, five days," Sherlock said curtly, and bent to open the refrigerator. "Is yesterday's soup fine for lunch?"
The water had been tap-cold, but the soda had been refrigerated, so it was even colder as it slid down Sherlock’s throat. He felt the fizz of the carbonation on his tongue and as it met his stomach’s contents, bubbling a little. “Ooh,” he said, stroking the top of his stomach. “That’s delightful.”
"Yes, we do that now. There are two steel pails in the shed 'round the corner, go fetch them." Sherlock dismissed John with another wave of his hand, and turned back to the cows.
John groaned and shook his head. “Sherlock, no,” he said. “Look at you. You’re fucking full to bursting, you think you can fit half of this cake in there? There’s no way. Look at us.” He clapped a hand to his stuffed middle.
