Sam and Jack found Dean on the floor like that, sobbing into his hands. He couldn’t speak. When they asked where Cas was, he shook his head.
Sam nodded, his expression tight. “Everybody. Chuck took everybody. Not just the resurrected and the ones from other worlds. Everybody. It’s just us now.”
Cas scrunched his face in that familiar expression, and Dean’s chest ached in a whole new way. “Dean—”
Neither of them were sure of anything now. Cas seemed to be waiting. Finally, Dean broke eye contact, lowering his gaze to Cas’s chest as he lifted a hand to that same level, hovering uncertainly before pressing fingers to the blue tie, the white button-down. His hand curled into a fist, but the punches were light taps now, like fist bumping Cas’s sternum.
Dean swerved, his heart threatening mutiny as he skidded Baby to a jerky halt on the shoulder of the road. He rounded on Cas in the passenger seat. “Cas! Don’t—
Cas and Jack had sloughed their physical forms, their voices not from any mouth yet echoing off the hilltops.
gone someplace else. But Cas wouldn’t want to hear Dean say that, not after everything he’d said, everything he believed of him.
Cas stepped closer, his gaze never leaving Dean’s. “I know—I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You’re destructive and you’re angry and you’re broken, you’re Daddy’s blunt instrument, and you think that hate and anger, that’s-that’s what drives you, that’s who you are. It’s not.” Dean’s throat ached. Why was he saying this? “And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love.”
“What? You think I should be somewhere else?” He was a damned soul after all. He’d tortured souls. Hell, he’d been a demon. He
?” Dean punched him again and again and again, harder, movements more disorganized, more desperate. “
The lines in Cas’s forehead hadn’t changed. Why would they have? It hadn’t been that long. Still. Somewhere in the back of Dean’s mind, behind all the fuming and swearing, the familiarity was a welcome comfort.
“Please.” The prayer was barely audible, whispered into his palms. “Please. Cas. Please hear me. I’m so-I’m so sorry. Come back. Come-come b-back, Cas. Just come back.”
An afterlife which Dean was apparently choosing to spend driving the Impala. Cas squinted. “I’ll be back.” There was no point to the words. Jack would see all. But human habits.
Cas didn’t follow. When Dean glanced back, he was just sitting there, seemingly shocked motionless. Probably confused. Wasn’t he always?
Soon, Dean realized he needed that hand to shift gears, but he would make do. He rolled them back onto the road, air stirring the cabin as they picked up speed.
Dean stood, striding away as if physical distance from the words lingering in the air would make them hurt any less. He bowed his head, squeezing the bottle until he thought it might shatter. Then he sank onto the steps at the kitchen doorway because his legs couldn’t hold him any longer. Sam joined him.
Dean searched Cas’s face tentatively. Cas’s eyes were downcast, mouth a considering line. Dean wasn’t sure if he really had a body here in Heaven, but it sure felt like he did, the familiar unpleasant feeling of panic setting every nerve ending alight.
Dean gritted his teeth, sighing because everything was overflowing, and he had no way to get it out. “Why does it feel different this time? Why does it feel so final?”
Dean punched Cas in the ribs. The angle inside the car was awkward, so it was the best he could manage. “You
Sam cleared his throat. “We keep going. That’s what we do. It’s what-it’s what Cas would do. It’s what Eileen would do. Charlie, Bobby, Donna. We keep fighting until we can’t.”
Death—Billie banged on the door, her fist rattling the wood on its hinges. Once. Twice. Dean stepped closer to Cas, closer to the door, closer to their doom, dismay clawing at his insides as he finally understood that they had lost. This was it.
Jack appeared beside him in the modest blue jeans, t-shirt, and jacket he’d worn when he’d ascended. The same outfit he’d had on when Cas had met him only a few short years ago. Jack’s eyes rounded with alarm. “Bobby is welcoming him.” He almost sounded afraid that Cas might be mad at him despite his omniscience.
Dean mouthed curses to the sky before stalking back to lean into the open driver’s side, one hand propped on the roof. “You gonna get out so we can talk or what?”
Dean sniffled, swiping the flood of tears from his face. “I don’t know if I got it in me anymore, man. I don’t know if we can win. I don’t know if I even care anymore.”
Dean shook his head. He’d failed his best friend, his brother, Jack. This was all his fault. “I’m sorry.”
“Is Sam coming too?” Cas asked, opening his eyes. He couldn’t imagine Dean in Heaven without Sam, but he didn’t want Sam dying any time soon either.
“Yeah, a vamp, Cas. Fangs, undead, sucks blood.” Using two fingers, he mimed fangs puncturing his neck. “Wasn’t the vamp that killed me, though. Pushed me back on a piece of rebar, of all things. What can I say? I got clumsy.” Dean shrugged.
“I do—love you, Cas. I don’t-I don’t know how exactly. I can’t really put a name on it. It’s just—you.” Dean shook his head helplessly. “And I don’t know—maybe I can’t give you everything you need or be everything you want, but I-I want to try.”
A lush valley sprawled before Cas and Jack from where they surveyed atop a hill overlooking the stretch of green trees and grass, the gush of waterfall spilling into the wandering river. Souls resided there. Free to move about, to find each other or not as they pleased, their existences fulfilled not by Jack but by themselves. Heaven gave them what they needed. They built their own paths now.
Cas’s eyes softened in that way—God, he looked like— No. Don’t think about that. “You used to say we always have a choice,” Cas said, his voice taking on an even deeper, more gravelly quality than normal. His scolding yet fond tone. The one he used whenever Dean said something self-deprecating.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut. Doing so didn’t block any sensory input—he still ‘saw’ in the sense that he knew all of Heaven at all times—but human habits die hard. Cas hoped they never died.
And after all that-that—stuff you said?” He paused, panting, considering whether to continue pommeling Cas with his fists but instead shoved open his door and stormed out. The gritty asphalt scraped under his boots, grounding him.
Tears welled in Cas’s eyes as he continued, “But I think I know—I think I know now. Happiness isn’t in the having. It’s in just being. It’s in just saying it.”
“He made a deal with the Empty. When he saved Jack, that was how he did it. The deal was when he experienced a moment of true happiness, that would summon the Empty and it would take him.”
Dean lifted his gaze, uncertain hope flickering in his chest because Cas was always there, always fighting. Even when he was knocked down, dragged out, he always came back. Who else but Cas could figure a way out of this? Then Dean swallowed hard, his throat clicking, because something in Cas’s expression seized his heart in a cold grip.
There he was. Dean Winchester, nursing a couple of beers with Bobby in front of Harvelle’s Roadhouse. He looked just the same and yet so very different in ways Cas couldn’t identify. But still beautiful.
“Could have told you he wouldn’t help.” She sighed, wrapping her arms around herself. Guy Two turned to comfort her, but she suddenly froze up, her eyes turning white.
As soon as he’d opened the remote classroom, he could hear his students join. There were still five minutes to go and he smiled at their eagerness. They were good kids. He waved, his microphone still off, and watched them wave back and otherwise interact with each other, probably through private chats going by some of their faces, until it was officially time for his lecture to start.
“Thanks again, Mildred,” Castiel said in his calm, melodic voice reserved for talking to his followers. “As you can see, it’s much appreciated.”
“I brought you some stew as well,” he offered, indicating a steaming bowl also sitting on the nightstand. “I’d love to stay and feed you, but I will have to go to the dining hall. I can play favorites only up to a certain point.” Castiel looked apologetic.
Dean nodded, cocking his head. “Actually, now that we’re already talking about him. He’s going to your concert in Austin with his girlfriend and usually I wouldn’t ask, but, uhm, he’s a big fan...”
Dean frowned. He knew Cas cared for him at least as much as Dean had grown to care for him, but this felt a little… extreme. “Are you ok, Cas? Did something happen?” In reply, Cas turned away from him, so he cupped his cheek. “Are you in pain?”
Castiel procured them both lunch again and as they worked well into the evening as per usual. While the floor grew more and more deserted, they had a little chat and both decided to go home to their respective places that night. Dean promised to cook himself a good dinner and they left at 7:30 pm - a decent time.
Castiel cocked his head, slowing down. “You’re joking, right? Because if not, that can definitely be arranged.” He squeezed Dean’s hand. “Or we meet by the car next time?”
Castiel snorted. “That’s what they told you, huh?” He rolled his eyes. “I wonder why they allowed you on this tour if they didn’t want us to meet.”
“A brother, yes.” Dean’s face lit up, as it always did, when he was talking about Sam. “I basically raised him. He’s a lawyer focusing on environmental cases.” And he was damn proud. The one thing Dean had done right in his life.
“You have nothing on me. Nothing,” she spat, ignoring the officer but being smart enough not to try and resist arrest.
“Almost?” Dean prodded. But Castiel just answered with a cryptic smile. “Ok, one more question to demystify. Since you mentioned your underwear. Is it really all orange?”
Dean sobered at that, thinking of his own mother dying early. But his mom had been a great mom, so who was he to judge?
“Uh…” Dean bit his lip, but this time it seemed to be to keep in the first thing he wanted to blurt out, and not to play coy. “I dunno, Cas. What are my options?”
“Dinner?” Dean looked at his wristwatch and flinched. “Sorry, Angel. Go home. Don’t let me keep you.” This was another new thing Dean did. Calling him Angel. Coming from anyone else, Castiel might be offended, but Dean didn’t make it sound sleazy. He sounded grateful. And Castiel just ate it up. Dean probably didn’t even realize that using the phrase made it impossible for Castiel to leave him now.
Dean chortled and Cas threw popcorn at his brother. “It’s never the time for that.” Jimmy looked like he was about to protest and Cas held up a finger in warning. “Never.”
“Nonsense,” Castiel replied, hand moving into Dean’s hair instead, petting him softly. “I promised to take care of you and I will.” He’d make the tea as soon as Dean was back in bed, adjusting the herbs. The detox was working, now he just needed something to soothe him.
“That’s because I’ve been doing it for over a decade,” Castiel explained. “And you haven’t even seen me do the complicated poses yet. This is beginner’s yoga to start the day.”
Dean pulled back, looking at him, and Castiel prepared a few arguments as to why he was not letting him go home alone after a breakdown like this, without actually telling him that flat out. But to his surprise, Dean just nodded. “Yeah, ok, Cas.”
Looking at his bandaged hands, he decided against it and instead just changed his clothes, took another bottle of water with him and went back to the kitchen. Dean realized he was missing Castiel. He hadn’t been expecting to get so close to him and he knew he should further that connection. It was just that the longer he thought about it, the more unsure he became of whether it was because of his investigation or because of the cult leader’s undeniable charisma.
The next day, Jimmy came over to watch a movie, but the atmosphere was charged and neither of them really wanted to decide on what to watch. In the end, they just turned on the TV and chose a classic channel, which happened to play Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Dean and Cas were sitting on Dean’s couch, close, but not really touching, and Jimmy was in the armchair.
Castiel shakes his head and hands the pet back reluctantly. “I shouldn’t have come in here. I’m not ready yet and now it’s gonna be harder.” He sighs.
“More time to spend with you.” Castiel shrugged. “It’s not like I have anyone to come home to.” He tilted his head. “Well, I guess that would be you then, so if you work longer, we’re both missing out on this.”
“Will the money still be in your account?” Dean added. “Wait… how was that money even made? I don’t think I want this if we live off of actually illicit gains.”
Dean coughed and reached for his mug, somehow wishing his coffee was spiked as well. “It’s just... I admit I wasn’t too big of a fan before. But your live show is impressive. I’ll give you that.” And he was way more sexy in person. Especially now that Dean knew a little bit about him and he wasn’t the complicated asshole his editor warned him about.
Their hips were grinding together and Dean wrapped his legs around Castiel’s waist to draw him closer. Castiel divested them of their shirts and ducked his head until he could play with Dean’s nipples, remembering how he’d liked that a lot. When they got too sensitive, Dean moaned and tugged on his hair to get him to move. Castiel stayed only a moment longer before kissing his way lower, ultimately settling himself between Dean’s legs.
Castiel rolled his hips sensuously, promising more, but after a few more minutes, he pulled away. “You make me forget myself,” he whispered huskily, then looked up at the sky. “If we’re quick, we can make it back to my room and still get to dinner on time.”
The first thing Castiel had to do was sweep it for any kinds of spyware they’d installed and get rid of it. Or maybe he should leave it on and find a way to feed it his own select info. They’d think they had a handle on him but in reality, they’d only see what Castiel wanted them to see.
By the time he was done and dropped the paddle, Castiel himself was panting harshly, as well. He finished unbuttoning his shirt and took it off. Glad he was wearing slacks and boxers, he brushed a hand lightly across his own cock, just to tease himself. Dean first; he’d promised, and Dean deserved it. “You did so good, baby,” Cas praised. “So very, very good for me, Dean.”
Not about to make it too easy, Castiel went to his closet and ripped one of the doors out of its hinges. It wasn’t too sturdy, so it was easy enough. He put the door in front of himself as a makeshift shield.
“Nothing’s gonna happen to me. I’m being careful. This isn’t my first week on this planet, you know,” Dean tried to reassure him.
It helped Dean realize that he was done with his job now. He’d joined the FBI to do some good in a system less corrupt than the police force, which had never helped him a day in his life. But he was still only catching criminals. He wasn’t
“No, Cas, no.” Dean quickly tried to soften the blow. “The Farm. I’m here to see if you’re running any illegal activities with your cult.”
Dean’s knees felt weak when they turned off the water and toweled off, but he had a grin on his face and the pain would be worth it. Besides, Castiel probably still had it a little worse. Not only did he spend some time on his knees before Dean pushed him up against the wall, but he also took quite a pounding. Twice. With minimal amounts of lube. Dean’s proud grin wouldn’t even go away when Castiel smacked him with a wet towel.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel closed the distance between them and cupped Dean’s cheek, turning his head so he could look into his eyes. “I hope you know there’s nothing you can’t tell me.”
“The fairest of them all,” Castiel laughed, feeling elated and comforted in knowing that whatever they had, it was going to continue. He cupped Dean’s face in his hands and captured his lips in a hungry kiss before Dean could protest any more.
“That’s your excuse for leaving the room,” Castiel acknowledged. “What’s your excuse for lying to me?”
Castiel half-heartedly tried to fight him off, but Dean was having too much fun to really be mad at him. It caused Dean to fall forward and slide even closer and Castiel had to grab his hips to stop him from squirming. “Lunch first. And then, if you’re good, I might show you where I’ve hid some product and let you try and tame it.”
“Dean, you’re really hurt,” Castiel admonished, placing his fingers against Dean’s temple and healing him. But because they were joined on such a profound level to begin with or maybe because Castiel was in the throes of passion or for whatever reason that didn’t really matter, it turned into so much more than just healing Dean.
When Dean’s rim felt swollen and tingly but incredibly wet, Castiel pushed his cheeks apart even further and started to push his tongue in, slowly at first, spearing him with short jabs, until Dean had relaxed enough so he could curl all of it inside and lick.
“So you’re not going to resent me for fucking up your life a few weeks from now?” Dean asked in a meek voice, sounding a lot more unsure than he should be.
“Hell, no.” Castiel rolled over him, peering down at Dean. “I meant it when I said you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I don’t want to imagine my future without you. I…” He faltered, realizing what he should be saying, how true it was, but… “I…”
It was movie night and Cas just really wanted to relax and not be reminded of his brother or the looming threat of being thrown into jail again. He’d kept his head down and had not actually done anything illegal, even if his fellow good samaritan Illyria had asked him for help on a fundraiser for some cute dog’s veterinary bill. However, he’d gone and gotten it retweeted by a few bots from a bot farm he’d hacked into and that had boosted it enough to get it funded by actual people wanting to help.
“You ok?” He asked, then held up one of the fruits he’d caught. “Guess that’s one way to do it, eh?”
Castiel frowned. He was torn between feeling sorry for her and being pissed because she was going to take him and Dean and Jimmy down just the other night. But he’d looked up to her for years. It was easier to ignore the last few days than all those years. “What?” He prompted.
He got up and walked to his small kitchenette. Castiel didn’t have anything to cook food, because he couldn’t even allow himself the temptation to just stay in some days and not face his followers, but he definitely had his private extensive herbal collection. As well as some shrooms and hallucinogenic berries, but Dean wouldn’t need more drugs right now.
Dean took his hand, relieved, and they made their way into the bedroom. Castiel pulled on a shirt again to not give Dean a wrong impression and then they climbed back under the sheets, snuggling up and Dean fell asleep within minutes.
Dean blinked. “Seriously?” He laughed. Man, he wished he would’ve met them back when they were close. They must have been an interesting package.
It didn’t help that he was also really fucking sore from Friday night. Pleasantly so, in a way, but… every movement was a reminder of his fuck up. How could he have allowed himself such a grave mistake? Castiel had been a perfect assistant. Always pleasant, reliable, charming but able to cut off customers Dean didn’t want to speak to. And on top of it, he was just super nice to look at, when Dean allowed himself a peak outside his office. Or when he came in to bring Dean his requested files - and even more so, when Cas came in to take care of him. Refill his water. Remind him of his lunch. He truly was an angel.
Dean lets himself soak in the comfort, closing his eyes when she cups his cheek after pulling back. She ends up patting that, too and then she steps out of his space again and Dean feels strangely cold and bereft. “So you’ll take me to the Empty?”
Cas’ look grew more heated, calculating. “Yes, we shared.” He nipped at Dean’s lips and Dean figured he was off the hook for now. Now he knew and… could fantasize accordingly. But Cas kept talking. “Is that something you’re interested in?”
“You’re a good person, Castiel,” Dean told him, squeezing his hand. He would have to find a way to talk more later, now that he had an opening.
“Find a hammock to sleep in?” Castiel replied. “If that… am I allowed to walk around freely, still?”
“I can.” Dean crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Just not… well. And I’m not fast and… possibly get words wrong.” He avoided Castiel’s gaze. “And in these cases, you can’t get words wrong.”
But Castiel had just stared at him and actually been offended Dean didn’t think he could be faithful. And why would he need to go for a McDonald’s burger if he had the gourmet deluxe version waiting for him at home. Then Castiel had asked if Dean wanted the same deal. And he’d looked so fearful that Dean’s love for him just grew. And he finally cracked and told Castiel that he loved him. And of course he didn‘t want to sleep with other people.
Cas’s lips wobbled and he bit the inside of his cheek. Probably to keep from crying. Shit. But then he slowly nodded and Dean smiled. He only knew Cas for a few minutes, but the thought of him out there alone on Christmas would’ve really worn him down. Especially since he wasn’t lying. He didn’t want to be alone either.
“Listen, Cas. I hear you, but… I gotta call this in.” He gave him another small kiss. “Ok? I’m not saying no, and you’re definitely not sleeping alone tonight, but…” Dean sighed, kissing his temple. “I gotta call this in. And you gotta come down to the station. And Jess probably needs to come as well, and…” He stopped, wrapping his arms tightly around Castiel and taking a deep breath. “Fuck, I’m glad you’re safe. You have no idea.”
“No,” Cas chuckled, throwing his sweater and shirt behind him. “Just let me get my shoes off first.” He threw him a shy grin, sitting up so he could reach down. But after the first shoe was off, he glanced up again. “Unless this is too fast for you?”
He was fiddling with said ring when Dean peeked over his shoulder. They were sharing a shabby apartment for the duration of the mission and had moved in the day before. “Shit. You know how to use all of these?”
“What? You’re going to go down for an actual criminal? Don’t be dumb, Cas.” She threw a candy wrapper at him and he caught it before it could hit Dean, glaring at her.
“Mhm?” Cas replied, looking confused. “Oh.” He bit his lip. “Yeah. Was talking to the sandwich there, sorry.”
“Kept holding onto the headboard,” Castiel replied, slithering up Dean’s body and lying down on top of him, his arms stretched out over Dean’s until he could reach his hands. “You can let go now.”
“Morning.” Dean smiled. He knelt in front of the bed and reached out to push some of Castiel’s hair out of his face. The gesture seemed very intimate but not out of place. Castiel frowned. “God, you’re adorable.”
Castiel hoped he wouldn’t suspect it wasn’t the flu after all. “See? You should trust me to know what’s good for you.” He smiled at Dean. “Like yoga.”
Charlie cocked her head. “So there’s bigger fish to catch?” Castiel nodded, but didn’t elaborate. Charlie watched him and he thought she was about to drop it when suddenly her face lit up. “Oh fuck. It’s Odin, isn’t it?”
Castiel sat back on his heels and relaxed, loosening his throat and breathing through his nose, trying his best to let Dean be. He mostly succeeded, though Dean immediately pulled back any time Castiel started to gag or falter a bit. Castiel wasn’t surprised Dean was still caring about him in the throes of passion, but he wouldn’t mind if he went a little harder.
“Of course it is,” Dean replied, sliding it under the counter before looking back up. “Thank you,” he added, after a long pause.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “I guess I can always read more later.” The longer he needed, the longer Dean couldn’t go get himself killed. If it didn’t happen tomorrow, in Port Fairhaven. Fuck. Castiel was going to have to help him there, too, wasn’t he?
“Um,” Dean scratched his eyebrow. He’d dug himself into this hole. “A special person you share your life with? A partner? But, um…” He put down the fabric and embraced himself, miming a kiss.
Dean bit his lip and watched transfixed as Castiel got out an ointment that he applied with light touches. It immediately took the worst of the sting away and cooled his heated skin. “Thank you,” Dean mumbled. “You’re too good to me.” He didn’t even know why he said that, but Meg had just made him feel so… worthless.
“It’s uncanny,” she marvelled. “It’s like a cleaner, upgraded version of Cas.” Jo nudged him. “One you can bring home to meet the parents.”
Sadly, Alfie didn’t get any of his hints and when Dean had gotten more direct, he’d just frowned at him and changed the topic. Alfie switched to happily chatting about the weather for fifteen minutes and then started going on about the different breeds of apple they were producing here.
Castiel bit his lip. “Ok, look. I might’ve told Donna that I was hoping to not be alone tonight. And I assume she called in when we got in the car? I definitely didn’t order this.” He flushed and then turned to blow out some of the candles.
Though nobody should know that Chaos was Loki. Castiel deliberately didn’t touch any of his old codes. But he wasn’t stupid either. He still had a unique style. Couldn’t be helped. And maybe he should’ve strayed further with his new alias. But… Odin had chosen him. It meant something. Before he knew she was probably even younger than him. For that she was freakishly talented though.
“You’re not. We are.” Dean glared at him. “Go back below deck, I can’t… I just can’t right now,” he snapped.
With a smirk, Dean laid Castiel flat out on the table, stepping away to take off his leather pants and orange briefs. He looked him up and down, once he was fully naked. “That’s the kind of buffet I was expecting tonight.”
“That’s what they don’t expect,” Cas explained. “It’s not what they were looking for, of course. But everybody has a dirty little secret they can find out once they analyze your computer.”
Castiel was speechless. Why would Dean give him the first bite? That was a high honor. And to think they were enemies just days ago. He watched him in fascination while trying his meat. He couldn’t help but let out a moan at the taste. This was… so much better than he expected. He wondered if it was the animal or the fire. But… wow.
“Yes, sorry. Just an expression.” Dean bit his lip And Castiel immediately reached out to tug it back with a raised eyebrow. Dean smiled sheepishly. “Right, sorry.” He resisted the urge to just do it again, nervous now. “I mean, they’ll probably be armed, but I assured Henriksen that I found no weapons.” He also hadn’t really looked too closely. A lot of rooms had been off limits to him, and then he’d fallen into that strange haze from not eating or drinking enough. Or maybe he’d already had the flu. That would explain why it vanished so fast.
“There’s my good boy,” Castiel crooned. “Let me see you fall apart.” His movements had gotten even more slippery due to their combined pre-cum and he used it to undulate his hips, thrusting his cock into his fist and having it rub against Dean’s own trapped erection. Meanwhile Castiel’s thumb was still playing with the head of Dean’s cock, applying more and more pressure, and even though it was smooth, his skin was still callused and rough and Dean just couldn’t hold it in anymore.
The alien blinked rapidly and Dean patted his shoulder. “Yeah,” Dean continued. “I know, I probably talk too fast for you to process, huh? Sorry.”
“Hey,” Castiel nuzzled his cheek. “You back with me?” Dean hummed the affirmative. “Ready for more?” Castiel asked.
.” His voice dropped an octave. “No fucking way am I letting you out of my sight with that book. Now sit your ass down and make yourself useful before I decide to call Rowena back and let her have you, after all.”
Castiel squeezed his butt, pulling him in a little and encouraged him to let go and thrust. With a shuddering sigh, Dean let go of his own restraint and placed both hands on the sides of Castiel’s head, keeping him still so he could thrust in his own rhythm instead.
Castiel didn’t partake however, but instead went back to the first tree, picked another sweet-smelling fruit, and ate it.
Castiel took a sip of his now-cold coffee, wondering if he could bother Dean for another refill without overstaying his welcome. He glanced up at the man behind the counter chatting happily to another customer, hips subtly swaying to the music as he packed up a few cupcakes, and realized he was being silly. This was Dean. He’d happily top him up for free all day and still thank him for coming around. Dean was just too good for this world.
“That for me?” Jimmy took a hold of the coffee, waiting for Dean to nod. “How’d you know I didn’t want something else this time?”
However… was that Dean’s car that he saw parked right in front of his building? He didn’t have to wonder long, because just as the shooter broke down his bedroom door, he could hear “Freeze, police!” coming from inside his apartment. The shooter turned around towards the voice, gun raised, and then there were shots fired and the guy trying to kill him keeled over, shot in the shoulder and in the chest.
“What?” Dean frowned. “She can… do that?” He put down his gatherings and walked closer. So that’s what he had tried to tell him the other night?
Dean pouted, but decided he better get some good questions in before Castiel shut down again. “Your lyrics mean a great deal to a lot of people. What inspires you to write.”
“Fuck, yes,” Castiel encouraged him. “So beautiful, Dean. Falling apart for me.” He was still thrusting, prolonging Dean’s orgasm until the aftershocks wrecked him so much that he had to claw into Castiel’s skin after all. Castiel just chuckled, still watching him. But he let go to focus on his own pleasure at last and jerked himself off quickly, Castiel’s come splashing onto Dean’s stomach and causing another happy shiver to run through Dean.
“Ok. So, fuck that. Whatever. I’m ok with that,” Dean stated. “I’m definitely not better off without you. What the fuck, Cas?”
Castiel looked at the knives, hooks, and other medical instruments in his kit. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. He wished he could say no. “Yes.”
“How will…” Jimmy started, but Castiel had already slammed the door shut. When he got back, Dean was standing next to the table, head down and arms crossed in front of himself, looking contrite. His very good boy.
“Oh,” Dean scanned the message. Someone named Illyria was asking what he was up to. Seemed harmless enough. “Cool.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel pushed a few strands of hair out of Dean’s face. “You ok alone for a few minutes? I really think my tea will help you.”
Half an hour later, he was sitting in the middle of the room, stroking one of them—probably Bertha?—and he realized why Charlie was so fond of them. It had a very soothing effect and he didn’t leave until it was time for dinner.
Castiel didn’t kid himself about making an honest man out of Dean in the process, but who knew where the chips would land. He just had to keep his hands to himself and resist Dean’s siren call, and it could be the beginning of a fruitful partnership.
“Come on, Cas. You know these people worship you. You’re not stupid. You know this is a cult.” Dean tried to reason with him. Interesting. Castiel had assumed he’d walk back on the word.
“Do you not want to make me happy?” Castiel questioned, looking up at Dean demurely. Dean had to understand that this was his choice. He would be doing something for Castiel. It wasn’t Castiel demanding he come - even if he was certainly guilt-tripping him into it.
Two days later, Castiel was winding down in his trailer, when there was a knock on his door. He half hoped that Dean couldn’t stand being apart and came by, even though they had said they should take a night off and catch up on sleep. But when he opened it, it was Jimmy. He wasn’t as disappointed as he expected to be.
Castiel seemed to sense it and he bit into Dean’s shoulder, soothing the sting with his tongue immediately. But he also finally sped up, still filling Dean to the brim and rubbing at his pleasure spot every time. The soft thrusts into the pillow were enough friction to tip the tide and have Dean’s mind go completely blank as his orgasm overwhelmed him.
The sixth bead took a little more effort. Castiel threw the lube at Jimmy and made him squeeze more at Dean’s pucker. But he wasn’t allowed to rub it in; that was a privilege reserved for Castiel. Jimmy looked equal parts enraptured and miserable.
“I actually mind the laptop as well.” Castiel remarked, taking a sip from his coffee and letting out an indecent moan. “Fuck, I love coffee.”
“Oh,” Dean frowned. “So you’ll have to go take care of all of them?” He’d be loath to lose his special treatment, but he couldn’t keep Cas from his duties.
Dean bit back a joke about only half the light getting in, because it all felt more intimate like this. And Castiel looked beautiful with only a few select rays hitting him. “Like this?” He asked instead.
“That bitch.” Dean spat. “You interrogated Meg, didn’t you? And she’s already started pinning everything on Cas.”
“No touching myself, or you’ll know,” Jimmy finished for him, giving him the middle finger and leaving the room.
Dean reached between them, hand slipping underneath Castiel’s boxers and grabbing his cock, giving it a few pumps. Castiel threw his head back and made the prettiest fucking noises and Dean realized he could quickly get addicted to this. Until Castiel was being a little shit, twisting one of Dean’s nipples hard enough to make him yelp and pull off a little.
“You’re healed enough to not need my assistance anymore, Dean.” Castiel gave Dean his best, sad look. “Thank you for letting me take care of you.”
“Well, you know here at the Farm we firmly believe that everybody has to do their part for the community, so yes, Dean, if need be, you’d peel potatoes.” Castiel tilted his head, trying to speak softly. “But definitely not before your hands are healed.” He trailed his fingers up Dean’s arm in a featherlight touch, delighted to see him shiver.
“It’s Commander Novak,” Castiel replied haughtily. “And that’s none of your damn business…” He made sure to look down at the guy. “Ensign.”
Dean would have to look into this once he was out again himself. They hadn’t found any accounts of former members online or anywhere else, other than those who’d been forcefully extracted by their families.
“Castiel.” Dean tried to mimic it as best as he could, happy when the alien smiled at him and nodded. “Alright, Castiel.” Dean nodded. “Nice to meet you. Let’s get this day started.”
The alien really did have good instincts or other skills Castiel didn’t possess, because it soon became clear that they had been heading towards mountains and at the edge of those, found shelter in the form of a large boulder that had come down, but not quite made it all the way to the ground. It had landed on protruding rocks and if they crawled under, it would provide a ceiling above them. It wasn’t quite a cave, but it would have to do. At least they were out of plain sight.
He could feel himself immediately flush scarlet and when he opened his eyes, he found Castiel staring at him, licking his own lips, and clutching his cutlery so hard his knuckles turned while. It gave Dean a powerful rush to realize he could affect the other man this much. Instead of biting into it, he took the carrot out of his mouth, placing it back on the table before he turned to take a drink and hide his grin against the tea cup.
A snort came from his left and he realized Anael was sitting close by. After he nodded his head in greeting, her scowl softened a bit. “Sorry for these assholes,” she said. “They were mostly joking, but if anyone tries anything later on, you come tell me.”
Just as his instincts were about to kick in and make him get dressed and flee, his door was kicked open and a man with a gun was breaking into his place, taking aim. Exactly as he’d seen it in his dream.
“Thought about it,” Jimmy confirmed, looking between them like he was unsure himself. It was an unusual sight on the self-assertive agent. “I have a few days off. Was gonna spend them around here, maybe look for a place to rent.”
“Really, Dean?” Castiel rolled his eyes. “So I take it you don’t want to watch me perform my sun salutations then?”
Jimmy snorted and Cas sent his brother a withering glare. “It’s a hacker thing,” Jimmy explained. “They think it’s edgy. Or cool. Or whatever.”
“I’ll help you,” Castiel offered, stroking over Dean’s back to get him to straighten it out. He had to touch his tummy to get him into a better position and couldn’t help but trail his fingertips over Dean’s side again, tickling him once more.
Dean came back with fish, fruit and a random assortment of berries Castiel should hopefully be able to check for safety. Pregnant wom… people needed vitamins, right? The whole thing felt so surreal. But here he was, shacking up with an alien on an alien planet, so what even was his life anymore?
“I don’t think personal preferences have any place in a professional workplace,” Castiel replied, nonplussed.
“Is it?” Castiel challenged. “How do I know you’re not playing me to close your case. Pin something on me.”
“Yes? What did you expect? For me to die in a more glorious battle?” Dean asks, and to be honest, that would have been a much nicer way to go. But then he couldn’t have said goodbye to Sam. Dean’s pretty sure he’s not coming back from this one.
After putting the car in park, Castiel just sat and looked out front for a while. Dean sighed and stretched out his arm against the car seat, creating a space for Cas to move in if he wanted to. It worked and he turned, moving in for a long kiss.
Dean grabbed a bottle of water and drained it, then laid on his bed for the rest of his break, reluctantly nibbling on a protein bar, now that he was reminded of them, and then he snatched another bottle before going back in for his dinner shift.
He was a good sailor and even better at following the rules, so Castiel had climbed the ranks quickly enough that he was still more of an unknown face within the Navy—and especially outside of the Navy. Perfect for the job. He just didn’t expect to have to care for chickens or help out in the kitchen. Of course he lied and said he had experience, because really, how hard could it be?
“We’re gonna go to bed,” Castiel suggested, moving over to his kitchenette and getting out his herbs again to brew them another tea. Dean had followed, looking at his herbal collection curiously. Good thing he’d hidden the shrooms in the back.
Dean lost himself planning his return to Earth, and he almost didn‘t realize that his eyelids kept drooping for longer and longer periods of time until it was too late. It was a deep rumble in the distance that fully woke him up again. It sounded like the start of an earthquake and when he touched his hand to the ground, he could feel it shaking. Fuck.
“Right,” Kelly barrelled on. “He bumped into me and it… it triggered, uhm, my… old world persona, which I’ve tried so hard to shed with your help.”
“Yeah well, what can I say? You’re not the only one who can make deals.” Billie smiles at him coldly.
With nothing really to do anymore, Castiel made his way back below deck. He was still on kitchen duty, he assumed. He ran into Ana on his way and she stopped for a moment and clapped him on the back. “Thanks, Cas.” She lingered, about to say more, but apparently deciding against it.
Castiel could see why other men would try to mingle with them, but they held nothing on the beauty of the captain of this vessel and… Castiel stopped his train of thought with a flush, realizing his gaze had shifted from the mermaids to the man in question.
“Alright, time for a break,” he announced, biting back a laugh when the both of them looked at him with the very same expression on their faces. Startled, confused, but quickly melting into small smiles when their brains caught up. He really hoped they’d stay connected after this was over, because he could get used to this.
“That you know of.” Sam smirked. It had become a running gag once they’d been old enough to wonder what exactly their dad had been up to when he’d left them alone for weeks at a time back when they were kids.
He hadn’t seen too many of the aliens up close, but the spots were new to him. Maybe this one was of a higher caste, like Castiel was, and that’s why he was so beautiful. In any case, Castiel didn’t feel comfortable thinking of him as destroyer anymore. He should come up with something else. Maybe he could call him Spots.
“You’re right.” Mildred nodded. “I’ll see you in a few hours.” She gave them a small wave and then left again.
“Oh hey. I have found the only reporter in America with a moral code. What is wrong with you, dude? Did they not cut this out of you at college?” He leaned closer conspiratorially. “Have you found the secret to withstand brainwashing?”
“Man overboard!” Castiel yelled, but before he could take further action, a lifebuoy was already thrown over, along with a ladder. This was one efficient crew. Castiel started to believe that this was not as irregular an occurrence as it should have been.
He shrugged and checked on his protein bars and stash of water. Everything seemed to be in order. He had to make sure to find a way to accept the next food and water drop before anyone else found it though. The security at night wasn’t strong, or rather, it had felt nonexistent on his first night, when he snuck off to the fence to meet his partner, but still.
Dean frowned. That sounded… ominous. “Why? Did you whack her over the head before locking her in her room?” Dean joked, because he was feeling strangely uncomfortable.
They got along extremely well and by the time the new year rolled around, Cas finally unpacked his sparse belongings. And was slowly accepting a few of Dean’s clothes for the time being as well.
Dean bit hip lip again, immediately stopping when Castiel touched his finger to them and shook his head. No.
“I’m sorry.” Dean pulled him into a quick hug, fingers losely playing with his hair. “You know my past wasn’t all that happy either. But I was, uhm… sexually at least, nothing traumatizing happened.”
Charlie gave Dean a sharp look at that and Castiel frowned, considering his options. But this could be an opportunity to get more access to Dean. He didn’t know what he needed Latin for, though. Did he have coded treasure maps? “Yes,” Castiel confirmed. “My father was really strict.”
“Should I follow?” Dean asked. “Make him stay?” Cas knew him better. And not only that… Dean had no idea what the whole etiquette was for threesomes. Maybe they should have talked about the aftermath a little before they started.
A glance at Jimmy revealed him looking anywhere but at Dean and this wouldn’t do. “Jimmy! Don’t think I’m neglecting you. This show is for the both of us. I don’t think you can see well from where you’re standing. Why don’t you go kneel on the bed beside Dean. But face him, so you can fully appreciate what our boy is capable of.”
Dean knelt next to him immediately. “Stay still,” he instructed, then felt along his leg. “Can you remove the armor?” Castiel nodded, pressing the button to have the legs retract. But only the left leg obeyed his command; the suit stayed firmly encased over his right leg, the one that was hurting.
“Oh,” Castiel bit his tongue to keep from smiling too hard. He took another drink to hide his smirk.
“It’s enough for me to know my charges are being taken care of,” Castiel told him. “And now that you work in the kitchen, I know you’ll make sure they’re well fed and healthy.” He finished wrapping his hands and placed a small kiss on Dean’s wrist, to the skin just where the bandage stopped. “So in a way, you
Dean held his breath, waiting for Castiel to wake up, but he seemed dead to the world. With a smile, Dean slid down on the bed, peppering Castiel’s back with featherlight kisses. When he reached his destination, Dean spread Castiel’s legs carefully, pleased when he rolled fully onto his stomach. He carefully slid a pillow underneath Castiel’s hips, amazed that he had still not woken up. Or if he had, he was very good at pretending to still be asleep.
Before he could make a cut, however, there was a commotion behind him and suddenly Bela was screaming. When he turned around, Dean had Bela in a tight grip, pressing a gun to the side of her head.
Balthazar followed and watched him from the doorframe, arms crossed in front of his chest. “I worry about you, Cassie. You should take better care of yourself.”
“It’s fine,” Dean replied, finishing his mug and swinging his legs out of bed so he could sit and eat his stew. “I understand. Thanks for taking care of me. Still. Again.”
“Please, Cas. Please.” Dean tugged on his own hair and thumped his other hand on the mattress, yelling out when Castiel suddenly removed his fingers.
“Planning on it,” Castiel muttered before he followed her out of the pantry. He then left for his room to stash the tea before making his rounds and holding another yoga session.
Castiel wasn’t sure just what made him do it, but he hid behind some crates. Below deck, he wouldn’t be able to find out what was really about to happen here. Maybe ‘mermaids’ was code for another ship approaching, giving him clues as to who Dean’s allies were. He didn’t spot any approaching ships, but he couldn’t see as far as the look-out on top of the mast.
Dean kissed the top of his head and they just stayed in Jimmy’s hotel room for a little while longer before they finally left for Dean’s place.
“No. But by now, he knows when I’m really angry,” Castiel explained. He saw Dean flinch and brought their joined hands to his lips and kissed his knuckles, letting Dean know that they were ok. He’d get punished, sure, but that didn’t change a thing about their relationship.
Castiel finished securing the ropes around their boat so it could be pulled back up when Sam followed his brother. “The Kraken. Can’t believe you’d go after him without me. Jerk.”
“I…” Castiel frowned. Did he? He didn’t remember sleep to be this peaceful. To just suddenly wake up and time had passed. Back when his grace had faded, it was always restless and he remembered feeling cold and shivering before having nightmares.
Feeling much more confident now and head held high in challenge, Castiel smirked. “I might be willing to take it off slowly if you answer some of my questions.”
On Friday, Castiel just ordered Dean another sandwich at lunch and wordlessly left it on his desk along with the yoghurt Dean had brought for himself. Dean looked up at him with big eyes and said ‘thank you’ and Castiel forgot why he was mad at him and gave him a warm smile.
“What is it?” Castiel joined him, kneeling down in front of him and placing a hand against Dean’s temple. “I can’t find anything wrong?”
“Dean, don’t.” Castiel licked his lips, his hand squeezing Dean’s, which he was still holding to his chest, not pushing him away. “We can’t.”
Dean’s concern made him smile and Castiel settled in on his unmade cot, using the time now that they both were online at the same time to text with Dean. Setting up could wait a little.
A few pages in, Castiel didn’t wonder anymore. He quickly became more immersed in the language and could soon read faster. But the information provided, as fantastical as it seemed, also seemed to be important, so he asked for parchment and a quill and was so engrossed in his reading and taking notes that he almost jumped when the door to Dean’s cabin opened and Anael entered.
“There’s my good boy,” Castiel praised, kissing his way up again and granting Dean a lazy kiss, stroking his tongue against Dean’s with the same languidity he was fucking him with. “You feel so goddamn good. Don’t want this to end,” Castiel confessed.
With a start, Castiel recalled why that was against regulations. Their armor included a failsafe that would instantly kill them and self-implode in the event they were captured. Castiel had always found that barbaric and had tried to lobby against it but, like everything else he had lobbied against, his protests had been shut down. The torture their enemies would inflict upon them would be horrific if they were captured. Death was the more humane option. Or so they were told.
“I only see upsides so far.” He nudged Castiel’s still clothed leg with his naked one, thinking about how they definitely needed to rectify this as soon as they were done eating.
Castiel nodded and got up, following him into a private corner out of earshot of the rest of the host.
She might not know the full extend of Castiel’s involvment, but she wasn’t stupid. She’d been around a lot longer than Dean. She must know that he wasn’t all innocent. But she’d been so willing to accept everything was Meg’s fault, he didn’t worry about what she’d tell the FBI. She wouldn’t implicate him.
Castiel glanced at her entourage and lowered his voice even more. “Would that place be big enough for two more?”
Castiel couldn’t help but grin along with him. He had to admit that the alien was very handsome, even if his eyes were dull and his skin had a weird, spotted pattern on it. It was intriguing. Castiel wondered if it was markings of some kind, but it looked too irregular. Maybe their skin was just spotted like that.
“Yeah, wait,” Castiel went to stand behind Dean, making sure he couldn’t fall, and then reached around him to where he kept a spare. He also got him some of his organic toothpaste, knowing Dean would hate it, but it was that or nothing.
this morning.” He had lowered his voice at the endearment and Dean immediately flushed, almost spilling the tea.
When it was time for dinner, he went into the kitchen to retrieve Dean, glad to see he seemed to be getting along with the rest of the workers here just fine. After nodding and occasionally bowing to his other followers present—touching a select few of them, because it would make them feel blessed—he stopped in front of Dean and held out his arm. “Shall we?”
Making sure his arm was off-camera, he flipped them off and focused back on his lecture. He heard Jimmy’s snort and knew he’d be in for one hell of a session. But so would Dean and Jimmy, as soon as he was able to get to them.
“I just heard his shop isn’t doing so well. Lots of very bad reviews can really tank a place. And then he also had his credit card maxed out after his measly reserves got drained? Poor guy.” Odin exaggerated a pout.
Rowena also mentioned that Dean was even more open to the bond, because his body was a potential vessel, and thus ready to receive grace. It shouldn’t cause him any side effects. She didn’t share what would happen if he wasn’t, she just assured him that it was beneficial.
“Castiel, oh!” She placed her hand on her chest, obviously spooked herself. “What are you doing here?”
“Helping Dean expose you for who you are,” Castiel replied calmly, wondering if Dean could hear them from the outside.
“For fuck’s sake, Cas. I can see you in your uniform,” Dean yelled back, now hidden well enough that Castiel couldn’t see him anymore. But the distraction was all Cole needed to regain the upper hand and knock his elbow into Castiel’s nose. The pain distracted him enough that he couldn’t prevent Cole from grabbing the gun again and aiming towards Dean’s voice.
His thoughts came to a screeching halt as soon as he came face to face with Dean, who ran up to him and pulled him into the biggest hug, before letting go abruptly. “Oh, shit. Are you ok? Did I squeeze you too hard?” Dean cupped Castiel’s cheeks in his hands and looked him over. Before Castiel could get a word in, Dean apparently decided he was well enough, because he gave him a kiss that turned into a second and a third, much deeper one which they only broke when someone next to them dog-whistled.
Charlie grimaced. “Too soon to tell.” She looked the kid over again, lingering on his private parts. “For what it’s worth, I did mean pristine condition. Can’t tell you how he looks inside, but no blood, no semen, nothing.”
Dean chuckled, looking back up. “Sounds like a deal. And I guess I’ll know what to get you for Christmas then.”
“Fitzgerald and yes.” He had been providing Castiel with his sleeping aids before he found an alternative source that provided much stronger pills. It had been a few months, but he was sure Garth hadn’t moved.
Castiel scoffed. “Sugar and chemicals won’t help you, Dean. We banned soft drinks on the Farm for a reason.”
Meanwhile Dean had turned beet red. Go him, fucking up his job on the second day, by propositioning the artist. Castiel was suddenly sitting next to him, grabbing the joint and reaching in Dean’s pocket, looking for a lighter. He also touched Dean’s cock through the pants and Dean groaned, jumping back a bit in surprise.
Castiel cringed. Of course Dean already knew about that. So much for keeping it hidden so he wouldn’t be dumb enough to use it. “Yes, but there’s a catch. You need the blood of a ‘creature of the sea’ to do it.” Castiel looked at his notes again. “I’m not sure if I translated that part correctly. I don’t think it can be a fish.”
There was that word again. Why would they need this contraption if they had a healer? Unless they really didn’t. “How long does it stay on?” he asked.
“You owe me big for this one, Winchester.” Rowena was audible over the crashing of the waves. “As do you, Anael.”
Dean surprised him by cupping Castiel’s cheek with his bandaged hand. “Thank you for taking care of me, Castiel. Maybe one day you’ll let me return the favor.” He leaned in and kissed Castiel’s forehead, stroking his fingers across his cheek lovingly, before he let go and gave him a smile, turning around and walking out of Castiel’s room before Castiel even had a chance to say anything back.
Castiel snorted. “You wish.” He wasn’t opposed, but Dean didn’t need to know that. That would be reserved for a special occasion. And since Dean was obviously feeling better, Castiel went back to his desk to do the formal part of his job of taking care of Dean.
“She’s definitely cutting me out. Heaven will not help us with this.” Castiel looked heartbroken about it.
Soon Dean’s shivers subsided a little, but Castiel could still hear his teeth chattering together. The singing worked and Dean was lulled back asleep. Not willing to let go anymore, Castiel snuggled in and followed him into dreamland for a while.
“Hey.” Castiel knew he was trying to cheer him up, and it was working. “Animals are friends. And meat production is causing a lot of carbon dioxide emissions…”
Dean avoided a direct answer, because he wasn’t sure he could lie about this. “I don’t appreciate being used like that. And for what? To make your groupies jealous?”
“We will have all the days,” Dean promised, turning his head to kiss the crown of Castiel’s head. “Soon.”
Dean had been a little off, at first, but he’d never neglected his role as protector of both Castiel and the baby. It was endearing, especially considering how Castiel was still probably a lot better equipped at handling a threat than he was.
Dean frowned. What the fuck? “I don’t know if I should be offended because you keep insulting me or sad because you apparently met a lot of assholes in your life.” Dean handed the joint over and stood up. “And I don’t have to declare myself to you, but for the record, I’m bi but receiving isn‘t my thing. I do, however, really enjoy sucking cock. Too bad you’ll miss out on my skills.”
“Cas is my friend. I’m not just suddenly going to hook up with him,” Dean protested. Besides, he was pretty sure that he would definitely not be able to keep it at a one night stand. Once they’d open that box… He licked his lips and shifted his position.
He grabbed his controller with both hands and tried to fire at an enemy in front of him, but nothing came out. Fine. Instead, he angled his ship to collide with the fighter he’d thought to target before. The ship was still below him and not moving out of the way, so he ripped his controller to the right and whooped when his ship actually listened.
Dean chuckled but complied. After the second mug he was done though and Castiel poured the rest into the thermos so Dean could finish it later.
When Dean’s mug was empty, he waved it in the direction of the waitress to get a refill. Castiel looked good in his Zeppelin shirt, hair even more of a mess than usual. He remembered weaving his fingers through it and tugging and… His good mood soured when Castiel suddenly kicked him under the table. “What?” He grumped.
Dean had them take down the sails so they were just drifting in the water. It was probably good, because now the snake couldn’t damage them and prevent them from sailing away even after it was defeated. If the rest of the ship held, that is. Castiel looked at Ana, who had also finished her rune and was looking right back at him. She shrugged. “It’s the best we can do. Though if your father taught you some good prayers, now is the time.”
Dean hadn’t found any information on those in his prior research and Castiel never said anything during Dean’s time at the Farm, but when Dean chatted to a few of the fruit farmers, at least one of them had also received a similar flyer. Two of them had instead seen flyers for the Farm’s eco friendly produce stand and gotten to talking to the girls running the stand that day. They visited the Farm afterwards and quickly decided to stay.
By the time he was done, Jessica and Garth had left and Castiel was waiting for him in the open door. Fuck. “They’re not gonna talk to me tonight, are they?” He asked rhetorically.
His students were absolutely delighted and immediately shared their ideas on what aspect they were putting their individual focus on, asking a few specifics like page count and was there a minimum number of citations needed. Since he really just wanted to see what they could come up with on their own, he gave them free range, for once. Also, he felt really bad for the botched lesson. Cas usually prided himself on his professionalism and this was unacceptable.
“Oh,” Dean swallowed, momentarily dumbfounded. He had not actually considered it. Too seriously. And now he was lying to himself. But… Jimmy chose that moment to turn around and look at them, raising one eyebrow when he realized they were both staring.
Castiel flushed and sputtered. “I wasn’t… What? No!” He didn’t need to be thrown out of the bar for his proclivities. And besides, Dean was a filthy pirate. Then again, it was better she thought him enamored than on a mission.
“Charlie doesn’t need to ask you. She‘s the navigator. And that‘s not how you run this ship, is it?” Ana raised her eyebrow and Dean visibly shrunk back, hanging his head.
“Fuck,” Dean cursed and joined him quickly before the idiot could contaminate any evidence. But Dean couldn’t see anything. “What...?” He started to ask but before he could finish, Novak had grabbed his wrist, making skin contact behind Dean’s black leather gloves and touching his other hand to… a suddenly appearing glowing purple orb on the ground?
Dean half turned, then quickly whipped back around. “By which I did not mean you should be the one to leave! If you want me to throw him out, I will.”
He should think about his next step. Maybe it was time to leave the country. Go to Costa Rica. He could do more good there. And there’d still be enough dumb tourists to scam to finance everything, now that he was losing a lot of his physical assets.
The tap water here tasted disgusting, or else he’d drink that. He assumed it was very old pipes. The Farm wasn’t in that great condition, probably cheap when Castiel—or Meg—bought it.
“Good morning,” Dean greeted when they were fully separated and he was sitting up. “How are you feeling?”
Castiel raised his eyebrow in amusement. “I’m sorry I’ve neglected to take proper care of you,” he purred, lacing it with a little bit of irony. “Let me make it up to you.” Castiel took both of their mugs and carried them over to the bed, placing them on the nightstand.
“Since you pretended you knew anything about hard labor, nursing your one ale with those delicate hands of yours.” Dean explained.
When he pulled back, Castiel smiled again and his next hum was different, more pleased. And like a cat, he nuzzled into Dean, seeking more contact. Not one to deny such a request, Dean wrapped his arms back around him and just held him until the suns started to set.
Castiel set the water to boil and put his boxes back into the drawer once he’d filled his tea filter. After he’d set it up to steep, he turned towards Dean. “Should we just get this over with so we can get to the more fun parts of this evening, or do you want to wait for the tea and cuddle a little first?”
He took off his helmet again and looked at his companion, who seemed to be asking if it was safe to drink. He decided to take his chance and repeated what he thought was the destroyers’ word for ‘safe’ and then nodded. The alien did a double take and chattered excitedly, but too fast for Castiel to follow.
“It means you don’t have to steal Dean’s notebook for your extra curricular activities anymore.” Jimmy raised an eyebrow and reached back into his pocket, also producing a SIM-card. “It means you can get a damn smartphone so we can text each other or call even when you’re not at home.” Jimmy licked his lips. “Like I’ve been trying to do almost all day.”
Dean buried his face in his hands. “Of fucking course.” He took a deep breath, then met Castiel’s gaze again. “Wait. So you’re coming back, right? How long will you be gone?”
Refocusing on Dean again, instead, Castiel sped up his thrusts. When he felt himself getting close, which was regrettably too soon because it really felt fucking amazing, he angled the vibrator to push straight against Dean’s prostate and then kept it there while Cas’ cock continued to piston. Which meant that on every stroke in, Dean was stuffed full.
“No.” Meg wasn’t dumb. If she suspected foul play, she might search her place and find all the evidence he’d hid and destroy it before the FBI arrived. Castiel still left enough of a paper trail to implicate her. But if she just vanished, the FBI would still need a scapegoat and that might be him. He also just realized that he hadn’t deleted those tapes from last night. Damn, he’d let himself get complacent. Distracted. And now here he was. “I need to take care of this,” he announced.
“Just get me to my room.” Dean sometimes wished their bond would transcend to telepathy. But then he remembered how much time he spent thinking about Castiel in a maid uniform and him sprouting tentacles, or the other way around, depending on what he felt like and yeah… bad idea.
The doorbell rang again and Castiel quickly pulled on the shirt Dean had been wearing and padded to the door to accept the delivery, accepting the food in his boxers. The guy had probably seen worse. “Thanks,” Castiel told him, tipping him some change which he’d kept on a shelf near his door for exactly those reasons. It also housed his mail and keys.
It felt so good, the way Cas slowly split him open. Even more intense like that, because Dean was controlling it, was doing it to himself. He was impaling himself on Castiel’s big cock and fuck. He threw his head back and groaned, biting his lip so hard he tasted copper.
Castiel’s face fell a little but he quickly slipped back into an easy smile. “Of course, Dean. Whatever you need.” He brushed his fingertips over Dean’s cheek. “You don’t owe me anything. I am here for
And as much as this arrangement worked, Dean was secretly looking forward to the next time they could hole up while Castiel wrote the next album.
“I don’t know,” Jimmy admitted. “Not by us, but… Cas. We’re at the point of better being safe than sorry.”
“Yes, just like that,” Castiel told him. “You’re doing so well, Dean. You make me really happy.” He pressed a little on his lower back to get him into a deeper stretch. “And you had a point earlier. Soak in that sun. Feel it fuel up your body with renewed energy. Just like you’d soaked it up from the Earth through your feet, you’re now absorbing it through your skin and with your breaths.” Castiel made sure to breathe deep and evenly, so Dean could follow.
Dean got up to serve his brother some breakfast and they spent a quiet morning together, reading the papers and browsing the internet for future hunts, even though they all just got back from a mission. But it was one of the reasons why Castiel liked the Winchester brothers. They never gave up and they would never stop fighting to protect people.
Castiel raised his eyebrow. “Is there something I can help you with, Dean?” They’d parted for the night. Dean was supposed to be in his own room, far enough away from Castiel for him to breathe.
He wondered if he should maybe get his affairs in order and pack instead, but he had faith. Or rather, he had a little more faith in Cas and Jimmy finding a way to arrest Jimmy’s partner than he had in said partner really letting Cas off the hook so long as he retired to a tropical island with a bunch of money in his account, courtesy of her.
Castiel flushed, hanging the jacket and vest back in the closet. “I’ll wear my vests if you wear more suspenders.”
Dean almost chokes on the sob that escapes him and then he‘s embracing Cas so hard that it hurts. “You asshole. You stupid asshole,” he mutters.
His next series done, Dean was breathing raggedly, not lifting his head from the pillow. “Still ok, baby?” Castiel asked.
Castiel couldn’t help but steal a sip. He was disappointed to find that it definitely did not taste how it used to. It was the one thing he missed. Enjoying sustenance. He smiled wistfully and shoved the mug back towards Dean’s hands.
Castiel could see the stress drain out of Dean’s body. “Oh, ok. That sounds better.” Dean moved further onto the bed, straddling Castiel. “Can we keep in touch though? By text messages? And maybe video chats?”
Dean frowns. “Of course I do. I know pet stores have a bad reputation, but we really do try our best here.”
Castiel ate the disgustingly sweet fruit and wondered why Dean suddenly seemed to be suspicious of him. He kept giving him squinty looks, like when they first met. Did he still not trust him? His suit had quickly determined that the fruit he was currently ingesting was safe for Ceruleans. But when he‘d pointed it at Dean, it had concluded that there was a 20% chance the fruit would kill him, but an 84% chance that it would weaken him enough for Castiel to easily kill him with his bare hands. That had been enough for him to keep Dean from biting it by slapping it out of Dean‘s hands.
“What the fuck?” Meg sprang up from her seat and almost everyone stopped eating, staring at them. A few people just continued eating, lost in their own little world. Dean should be concerned for those folks, probably. But for now he focused back on Meg, tense and ready to jump in to defend Mildred. A glance at Castiel revealed that he was equally coiled to spring.
As soon as Jimmy was within reach, Castiel pulled him into a deep, hungry kiss. He buried his hand in his hair to keep him close after he broke the kiss. “Didn’t mean it like that,” Castiel apologized. “I love you too much. We both do. You know that, right?”
“Can I just stay on this mat for the next position?” Dean asked with a smirk, lightening the mood that had gotten a little tense.
The sword fell out of his hands when suddenly something red broke the surface. Castiel’s first thought was that the snake had returned to eat him, too, but then he could clearly make out Ana’s hair. And with her seemed to be an unconscious Dean.
“Well, I’m your boss, anyway.” Dean amended, but he accepted the bottle when Castiel handed it to him.
Dean flushed and looked down, pleased. He did work hard. Maybe he should cut it back a little, but he took an immense amount of pride in it, too.
Castiel stayed in the car. Which was a good sign. He didn’t say anything though, just continued to look at him. Finally he nodded. “You gonna drive me home, or what?”
“No. Because when I kill him, he can’t kill anyone else, ever again.” Dean slammed his fist down, gaze fiery. “So keep reading.”
“Is that what you think I’m doing?” Dean was a few inches taller than he was, yet he’d made himself small enough to look up at Castiel. He placed his free hand on Castiel’s hip and Castiel flinched at the touch.
“I don’t know what you’re even talking about. I didn’t have sex with my brother. That’s... that’s disgusting.” Castiel was really proud of how steady his voice sounded. “And yes, he turned me in, but he thought he was doing the right thing. That’s why he’s such an excellent FBI agent. Unlike you.” He smiled at her sweetly, satisfied to see her own smile slip off her face.
“Listen Dean,“ Castiel started. “If it was just me, fuck it. But you already had restrictions for your article. I‘m… it‘s not just me. It‘s the band. All the people that are supported by my music and my tour. I don‘t see a problem, to be honest. For every listener I might lose, new ones will find me. But…“ He shrugged again. “So far there‘s never been anyone serious, so I just blissfully blocked this out. But I‘ll… I‘ll talk to Bobby.“
“Look what the cat dragged in,” she greeted him. “You sure it’s safe to leave Dean alone? You two seem to be attached at the hip lately.”
Dean froze, pen ready to write on the first cup. “Ok, are you shitting me? Is this a test? Did corporate send you?” Castiel’s face fell. Yeah. It’s why he usually said his name was Jimmy. Dean must have realized his mistake, because he quickly scribbled the name onto the cup and showed it to him. “Like this?”
There weren’t. Charlie made him promise not to try grabbing a normal gun and firing if he panicked, because he might hit one of their own crew instead. In the blink of an eye, the fog he had seen on the horizon was suddenly upon them, and Castiel could see a rotten-looking ship appear right in the middle of it.
Dean shouldn’t get anything either, but he was still keyed up and he should refuel for when his adrenaline was crashing, so he shrugged and got a few chocolate bars, looking wistfully at the beer in the other machine.
“Awesome.” Dean nuzzled a little deeper into Castiel’s neck and then stilled. For now it was ok to just be close and snuggle.
They could see it approaching, taking its time and slithering over the water before dunking down again and coming back up, a little closer each time. It was toying with them. Or maybe it was waiting for that virgin sacrifice. Castiel had no idea. At least it wasn’t big enough to swallow their ship whole, but it was definitely much bigger than any moraine Castiel had ever seen. And it didn’t look like one, either.
“Shush!” Castiel glared at him, making a zipping motion in front of his lips to be just that little bit more patronizing and then pointing at the two men in front of them who were still talking.
Castiel snorted. “I see you’re feeling better.” He patted Dean’s thigh. “Stay and I’ll get started on your tea.”
With only a skeletal crew left on deck—all having their ears plugged, as far as Castiel could tell—Dean, Ana and Charlie stepped towards the railing. Castiel still didn’t see another ship. This was weird. But suddenly he heard various splashing sounds accompanied by melodic singing, and he couldn’t help it, he was drawn towards the railing himself.
Castiel smiled into his cup as he drained it. This was exactly what he’d been hoping for. He had it on very good authority that five of Dean’s crewmen had recently gotten arrested, same as he knew that Dean would be reported to the Navy very soon. Hell, he had already been reported as most likely coming in today. But almost every time the Navy tried to arrest him, Dean had slipped out in the ensuing scuffle. And the handful of times they had managed to capture him, his crew had always come to break him back out before his sentence could be carried out.
She faltered a bit but then rolled her eyes. “Fine, don’t tell me then. But I hope you get the job and that brings you out of my hair and off Dean’s wallet.”
and was sporting an impressive morning wood. He was almost tempted to reach down and subtly take care of it, but that would definitely be crossing a line and Castiel would notice and… Dean was not that kind of creep.
Getting desperate, Dean banged his free hand into the wall hard and fuck. The pain brought a brief moment of clarity but then Castiel was frowning down at him and placing his hand on his forehead like he’d done the last time and then Dean was bathed in warmth and love and connection. And it all felt so incredibly good that he could feel tears run down his eyes.
It caused Charlie to laugh and soon enough, the others in his vicinity joined in. Dean himself refilled Castiel’s mug. “So, Latin, huh?” he asked. “Are you good enough to read scripture?”
Dean groaned, embarrassed. But Castiel just laughed. “You’re definitely getting a Christmas bonus, Donna.” He hesitated. “Well. Depending on what food you ordered,”
Checking the other plate suspiciously, Dean took a step back. “Are those oysters?” He wrinkled his nose.
Jimmy had quickly ducked down, hoping she hadn’t seen him. What the hell had she been doing there? He had immediately checked his phone for any missed messages, but there were none. But just in case, he’d gotten back in his car and driven off without delivering the laptop. He didn’t want to make anything worse for Cas and he had to log into his account and go through his work emails first.
“But I don’t want it to be.” Castiel shook his head, arms still wrapped around himself. He was able to squeeze out a few tears. “I never wanted to be a… a cult leader. I want to help people get better. I don’t want them to blindly follow me.”
“No, this is a special assignment. I might go to the Florida Keys next or the Carribian or I dunno, just do research off the coast and stay here. There’s a reason I moved to San Francisco in the first place.” Castiel mused. “I teach at SFSU.”
Dean looked down guiltily. “Let’s keep the option for tomorrow.” ‘Not that kind of shake’, he thought.
Jimmy looked a second away from throwing it down and murdering Cas, but he complied anyway. Castiel smiled and stilled, taking out his fingers and carefully inserting the vibrator alongside his cock. He hissed when he realized how cold it was. Next time he’d definitely find a way to warm it up, even if he was just using it on Dean. But it helped to stave off his own impending orgasm, and Dean didn’t seem to complain, either.
With a start, Castiel realized that he didn’t know which of them would get rescued first. They were still enemies, and if the aliens came before his people, he was dead. If his people came, he might still be dead, but so would the alien. He hadn’t set off a distress beacon yet because he’d hoped, once his suit was fully recharged, he could contact Anna directly. He didn’t trust the council; it would be too convenient for them if Castiel died on this mission.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Cas. Don’t want to carry you out of here when the shooter finds us.” Dean snarked back. “Maybe next time.”
“That was the second time you saved my life,” Castiel said, even though he knew Dean didn’t understand him. He’d be damned if he let his people come and just kill Dean. Outcast he may be, but Castiel still was Somebody. It had to buy him enough leverage to bargain for Dean’s life. “Thank you,” he added in Dean’s language.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Alright, your pulse is still a little weak, but I guess you should be ok. Just stay right here and I’ll get you some food.”
Cas snorted. “I meant we can look for your apartment together. If I move anywhere, it might be in with Dean.” Cas looked towards the counter wistfully.
Castiel sighed and kissed Dean’s chest before melting more into him. Yeah. He had a feeling that a big part of his new job would be to keep Dean alive, which seemed to have been solely Ana’s job so far. They would probably get along just fine. And assuming they all survived the upcoming battles, he looked forward to fighting alongside Dean Winchester’s infamous crew.
By the time Castiel returned with two mugs, Dean was sitting up in bed waiting for him. “Good morning, Sunshine.”
He sighed internally and tried to breathe through his nose to not taste the gag as much. It was filthy and humiliating and, for fuck’s sake, they should be running. Dean slowly led them through the jungle instead, trying to ambush a crew he assumed to be waiting for him. Castiel had his arms wrenched behind his back and was being led by Cole, who kept his distance from the rest of the crew and let it grow further and further.
Balthazar tapped his nose. “And I never will.” He winked, then focused back on Dean. “I must say, I didn’t think you were as handsome as Cassie has always described you, but you’re even more stunning in person.”
“Jesus fuck,” Castiel couldn’t hold it in anymore. “Dean I am so sorry you obviously dated an abusive asshole.”
Shit. How the hell did Meg know? “I have allergies,” Dean quickly lied. “I’m afraid of having a reaction and inconveniencing you.”
“Dean, I’m leaving when you’re leaving.” Castiel crossed his arms in front of his chest and raised one eyebrow.
Dean audibly blew out his breath and got into position again. Castiel was careful in guiding him, trying not to distract him too much from what he was doing. He could see Dean breathe more evenly now until he eventually had to give up again.
“Fuck, fuck, Cas,” Dean babbled, leaning even more weight onto Castiel. “Angel, I can’t… can I… need to…”
“Oh, fuck,” Dean cursed, probably knowing where this was headed. Even Jimmy finally tore his eyes away and gaped at Castiel.
Ana made a noise to stop her and Charlie shut up. “Dean. We have a duty to keep the seas safe. You know that. We have time. It’ll be fine.”
“What the…” The person jumped in front of the chickens and snatched one up to hold against their chest. “Don’t you dare harm Bella. What is wrong with you?”
After yoga, Castiel had better timing. When he went to the kitchens, he found out that Dean had left for the orchard again, so he could sneak into the pantry and replace the tea with the new one that had just arrived, making sure to add only half of the powdered shrooms he usually added.
“Wait.” Dean held up a finger. “We’re gonna talk about this, but first of all, what do you mean you’re going to be all alone? Isn’t that incredibly dangerous?”
Dean smiled, bouncing on his feet a little. He started to say something, but then turned around to prepare the coffee. “Pick out a pastry,” he yelled over the sound of the espresso machine.
“I mean, there’s other fun activities I can think of. And my friend has a private beach, so we can do those indoors or outdoors.” Castiel winked, then he ducked his head to nibble on Dean’s throat.
“Castiel, no.” Dean slid closer carefully, as if he was afraid to spook him and then placed a hand on Castiel’s arm. “What we have… it’s real.”
“Did I?” Billie still isn’t fazed and Dean feels himself floundering. He has nothing to bargain with, no weapons… He cocks his head, eyeing her scythe and calculating. Billie grips it tighter and growls. “That’s not happening.”
“Charlie, are you…” He couldn’t finish because Dean took that moment to wake up. Castiel had probably been too rigid and he’d stopped petting his hair too. Though in hindsight that was a lot better than to be caught with his hands in Dean’s hair.
“I don’t know why she would think that.” Castiel scratched at his eyebrow and then opened another drawer, getting out the burner phone he’d bought under Meg’s name. “Here, Dean. I’ve seen Meg use this. Maybe you should call and start that raid early?”
Castiel glared at him. “It’s what I’m doing right now. I’m exhausted, so I’m taking a nap.” He curled in on himself and closed his eyes, hoping Balthazar would take the hint.
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed. “With you.” Dean’s eyes widened and Castiel realized his mistake. “Uhm, at the same time as you. To, uhm, my home. And you go to yours.” Dammit. Why did he get him flustered like that? Castiel tried to summon back some of his anger from this morning.
“But I wanted to hear you say it.” Rowena was still smirking, but her body language had changed to a more relaxed pose. “Alright,” she announced. “Yes, I can break it. But you need to know the full story before you decide.”
Dean shuddered, eyes falling closed. His whole body had relaxed into Castiel’s, allowing Castiel to manipulate him as he saw fit. Dean leaned into the touches, but he didn’t try to get more or control it. It turned Castiel on beyond belief. And he really had to stop before he wouldn’t be able to anymore.
“I can tell.” Castiel was still touching the outside of his hands, where it didn’t hurt so much. “Come on, let me heal you.”
“But it’s ok for you? How do you know what I can and can’t eat?” Dean probably sounded more petulant than suspicious, but he didn’t care.
“Just helping you stretch,” Castiel replied innocently. He took a deep breath, knowing Dean could feel his chest expand against his back. But he didn’t want to be too cruel and at his next exhale, he wrapped his arms around Dean’s chest securely and brought him back up with him.
“Fine.” Jimmy conceded. “What does float your boat though, Dean? I have a few educated guesses, but I guess it’s time we talk about it.”
Castiel could parry the sword with his poker, but it was hard. This ghost seemed to have a lot more strength than the others did, and he was more solid, too. When Castiel swung his poker, he flickered but didn’t fully vanish like the others had. Well, fuck. He swung his poker again, but the ghost parried with the sword and the force of it was so strong that the poker flew out of his hands.
“Yes. I have plans for more than the community center. Maybe an orphanage?” Castiel smiled. “In addition to some kind of yoga retreat for cash inflow. Necessary evil.”
After a little bit of wrestling and playfully shoving each other, Castiel had managed to get them both under the covers, and himself wrapped snugly around Dean. “I’m gonna snuggle you so close that you’ll be hot in no time,” Castiel promised.
Castiel nursed his ale and tried to avoid the eyes of the suspicious bartender. He knew it was unusual for a pirate to drink as hesitantly as he did, but in his defense, he’d expected Dean to be here by now, and he couldn’t afford to get drunk and botch his assignment.
“Didn’t say I wanted it, but I assumed every household would at least have those.” Castiel sniffed his chai. “Heathen,” he teased Dean with a wink and then took a sip. It was acceptable, definitely tasting better because of how much care Dean went through to get it for him. “Thank you, Dean. It tastes great.” He leaned over and kissed Dean’s cheek.
“Please stay,” Castiel invited him. “You’re welcome to join me in sun salutations?” He got up and opened the blinds, picked up a yoga mat, and rolled it out next to the window. Meanwhile, Dean sat up in bed and watched him in fascination. When Dean neither moved to get up, nor replied, Castiel raised his eyebrow expectantly. “Dean?”
This time, on their walk home together, they ended up holding hands. And they kissed again before going to their separate bedrooms. Dean barely slept that night and when he got up at an ungodly hour to start coffee and accept there would be no more sleep, Cas came back in from a run. Dean wordlessly raised his eyebrow and pointed at the clock on their wall and Cas just shrugged. He usually slept in even later than Dean. Then they both started grinning, met for a kiss in the kitchen and Dean cooked breakfast while Cas went to take a shower.
Cas had meant to slowly lead them on, one part of the allegory at a time, but a quick glance up confirmed that Dean and Jimmy were still going at it, and he knew he wouldn‘t be able to concentrate well enough. Dammit. They should know better than to mess with his lessons.
Castiel was at home on his couch trying to watch a documentary on beetles to distract himself, but it didn’t really work. His phone was in his hand and he checked it every minute or so to make sure he hadn’t missed a message. He had activated the sound and vibration alarms as soon as he’d come in the door, but just the same, he couldn’t stop himself from checking.
Dean growled in annoyance. “Take it the fuck off.” He stalked closer but Castiel sidestepped him. He took off the jacket though.
When it was all over, Castiel stared at him with wide eyes. Then he stood up from where he was crouched by the water and enveloped Dean in a crushing hug, saying something in his native tongue. Dean smiled and hugged him back. Apparently some things were universal.
His thoughts involuntarily moved back to the many unread tomes in Dean’s library and some of the other creatures whose pictures he’d seen in the ones he’d already scrolled through. With a sigh, Castiel realized that today was a big win, yes, but there were definitely more battles ahead.
There was a pause on the other end of the line. Sam hadn’t officially decided yet, but of course he’d join Dean here. It was what made Dean get his two bedroom apartment. Sam had been very encouraging about it. “Sam?” Dean prodded.
Dean waited until he could hear Castiel rustle around and when he was sure that he wasn’t being watched anymore, he opened his eyes and drank more water. Of course Castiel turned around to wink at him, before he went back to whatever papers were on his desk. Dean watched him for a while until he’d finished his water and then he closed his eyes, feeling cozy and safe with Castiel tinkering about. Just knowing he wasn’t alone, that he was watched over, made him fall asleep faster than usual.
“Well, same old was getting us nowhere, was it?” Jimmy replied honestly. “And I did mean it, Cas. I missed you.”
They rolled and traded places a few more times until they were both naked and writhing in the sheets.
“I don’t generally care for ‘the press’.” He made air quotes. “They write what they want anyway.” Castiel pointed at Dean. “But now that you’re here, you can stay.”
And maybe it was selfish, but during his short time here - and it was short for him, thank you very much - Dean has started to accept it. He deserves to be here. Bobby and all the other hunters deserve to be here. Castiel deserves to be here. With him. In his Heaven. Forever.
“I better finish it before Charlie gets jealous,” Castiel decided. Charlie probably wouldn’t mind, but he’d take his alone time with Dean where he could. When Dean nodded the affirmative, Castiel took another long gulp, swallowing before focusing back on Dean. “And how was your day?”
Something warm exploded in Castiel’s chest at the question and he beamed. “Citrus is fine.” It would be nice to smell like Dean. But it meant a lot to him that Dean had cared to ask, especially since he’d initially mocked him about his selection.
Lost in thought, Castiel hadn’t noticed Dean approaching. When the other man placed a hand on his shoulder, Castiel reacted without thought. He grabbed the hand to shake it off of him. But in touching the detective he instantly opened the connection Balthazar had been hoping for.
Castiel grew bolder again, seeing how much of Dean he could swallow. His hand was playing with Dean’s balls, gently rolling them, his other placed on Dean’s stomach, ready to push him down if need be. But there was no need. Dean held himself back and let Castiel take the lead while continuing to compliment him.
“It’s a secret,” Dean replied, still feeling a little loopy. He had to pay a fee to get into the weight loss community where he got it from.
Dean startled, unsure if he should insist he was the one with the questions here. But it wasn’t a formal interview. “Kansas. But we moved a lot.”
The other fruit would‘ve been safe for both of them, but it had a 42% chance of affecting Castiel’s digestive system negatively and he didn‘t want to risk anything on this planet. Besides, if it was the only one Dean could eat, he should have all of it. They didn‘t know how many more trees they would find.
“Guess we’ll just have to do our job and find something that sticks,” Jimmy ground out in reply, choosing to ignore her goading.
Castiel huffed and jostled Dean, who was still sitting in his lap. He knew he was joking, so he wasn’t really mad. “It’s what all of us secretaries dream of. A rich future husband with a platinum credit card so we can spend all his money and never have to work again.”
Dean watched him for a few more minutes unashamedly, already feeling a little better. Maybe he just needed fresh air. But when Castiel bowed to the class and then turned to go, not having spotted Dean yet, another spike of pain made him groan out in pain before he could move to intercept him.
“Oh.” Castiel quickly looked back up at Dean’s face, which Dean knew must be flaming red by now. “My apologies,” Castiel said. “You’re new here and I probably just made it sound like a sex cult. This is definitely not what’s going on here. You don’t owe me anything, Dean.”
“Ruby.“ The girl shook his hand. “So what‘s it gonna be, handsome? Fight for a chance to lick Castiel‘s boot, or gonna hang out with the rest of us actual music lovers?“
A few groupies outright hissed at him as he entered backstage. Before he could start an argument however, Ruby pulled him fully into the room and handed him a drink.
Dean smiled happily when he straightened himself back up. “I like that you’re flirting back now, Agent. What made you drop the shtick?”
“I’ll think of a punishment for you instead,” Castiel informed him. “While we’re having dinner.” He tugged the comforter away from Dean unceremoniously. “Since you’re obviously feeling much better.”
“C’mon, Dean.” Castiel reached down a hand to strip Dean’s hard cock. “Come for me.” He stroked him slow and sensually in time with his thrusts, but made sure to rub his palm against his sensitive head before every downstroke.
“Meanwhile I’ll keep doing the grunt work and actually investigate.” Dean interjected. He knew he was petty, but Sam swooping in and taking over his case was not happening. He’d get it wrapped in a bow when Dean was done investigating.
The more they stared at each other, the closer the invisible pull Dean felt towards the angel. He didn't realize that he was taking the one step forward, now both their breaths mingled; noses almost touching and lips were just mere inches away.
if he had to think about it, weirdly enough, he only behaves this way towards Cas and not on other Alphas around him, including that one time he had a
"Sometimes I just wanna stick a sticky note on your forehead that says, 'I'm happily taken by Dean Winchester'." Dean blowed a short raspberry, propping his chin onto his palm and stared at his lover.
and finally lets Dean go. Dean took the chance and quickly made his way out of the room, literally running down the hallway, bee lining towards the bathroom only cladded in nothing but his boxers.
“You should show me some respect.” Castiel lowered his voice, “I'm an angel, I could kill you anytime I want.”
The last time he remembered was, the light brown trench coat and dark suited angel, but this time he was apparently met with a different version of the angel. Dressed in a set of all black three–piece suit, the angel looked so
Dean answered with a short ‘okay’ before he reached in front of the men's and knocked exactly three times. He didn't even manage to catch his breath when the door was opened and the next seconds he was backed up against the closed door, warm hands settled in the dip of his lower back, with Cas' nose pressed into the juncture of his neck—right on his scent gland.
He's hungry, sharp canine teeth grew out as well as his dark horns; two dark brown pointed bumps protruded on top of his head. His horns were rarely shown, only when he's starving and when he's horny.
Not even taking any last glance at the town he used to be living for years, Dean drove in silence all the way to Pontiac.
Dean has never been so grateful that day to finally have his own space to willow in his self pity situation.
Silence falls between them again, only the voices of the actors on the TV filled in the space. Benny looked down at his omega, before his nose caught up with a barely there smell of sweet honey and ripe apples in the air. Years living with Dean, he knew how familiar the scent was even if it was still very faint.
It was one of those days where Cas just randomly said the sacred words and Dean loves how it never failed to seize up his heart in such a way no one ever did.
“I don't..I don't know.” Cas grunted, voice thick with arousal before he lifted up his head to face his flushing boyfriend.
Dean muses out, chuckling softly and the next seconds Castiel' shoes were being slipped off his feet, followed by the socks then he smiled towards himself—suddenly felt giddy at how Dean was always pampering him.
his wedding albums and framed photos wrapped up nicely, then all his utensils and such; in separated boxes.
The guy scrambled, catching his breath as he stood up from the ground. He saw the red marks around his arms and glared towards Castiel so hard for other reason when he saw Castiel's appearances were still as sharp as ever. Dark hair still neatly swept, black dress shirt was clean and uncrumpled—with equally black jeans hugging a perfect set of muscled thighs and legs that screamed sinful in every way possible.
“Where do we go?” Jessica asked, hands raised protectively as if just waiting to put up another shield. Could she even do that on her own? Castiel suddenly wished he’d delved deeper into the world of magic instead of staying as far away from it as possible.
Dean told her he’d stick to his water for now but definitely made a mental note and would ask Castiel about it later. He wasn’t sure why, but something felt off about the idea that everyone else was drinking something different from the leader.
“Shit,” Guy Two cursed, looking around frantically and shielding her from any possible onlookers from the street. “Not now.”
“What? I didn’t seduce you.” Castiel stopped with his shirt partially unbuttoned. “I would never do that. What?”
He reached out and carefully touched Castiel’s cheek. His beard was soft and Dean wouldn’t mind feeling it rubbed up against him in a passionate kiss. Or… other places. Dean shifted uncomfortably, realizing he’d woken up truly
“I’m not that hungry,” Dean replied quickly, but then he tilted his head. Castiel didn’t push him. After a few minutes, Dean continued. “I could go for a salad. I know a place that also has wraps and sandwiches. We could order those for dinner?”
Castiel pulled his fingers out and fumbled around, looking for a condom. Dean reached behind himself to get one and rolled it on, unable to resist teasing Cas some more with additional pumps. “Let go,” Castiel grunted. “Wanna fuck you. Come on.”
Ruby laughed. “Well, yeah. They thought you were vying for Castiel‘s attention and let‘s be reasonable, you stand a fair chance.“ She winked at him. “But now you‘re a ticket to get into just this very backstage area for the next concert and trust me, they‘d so much rather fuck you than some of the other crew on this tour.“
Dean smiled. “You know I’ve been doing this for years, right? And this here has been my least dangerous assignment. I can protect myself.”
When he turned around, Dean was still in his spot in the kitchenette, smirking at him. Castiel chuckled and joined him again. “My limbs are frozen,” Dean pouted, opening his arms.
Castiel let out an indecent moan and held on tighter, biting Dean’s bottom lip and reaching for his shoulders to pull him closer. “Fuck yes. Fuck me.”
“God damn, how stupid can you be?” Meg ripped the corn husk out of Dean’s bleeding hands. “Seriously, this is the third station we’re trying you out in. Do you even want to be here?”
“That’s awesome, Sammy. I am proud of you.” Dean closed his eyes and squeezed the bridge of his nose. Now what was he going to do in his too big apartment all alone? He could hear Sam take a breath and probably prepare for a longer speech, but Dean couldn’t take much more right now. “Listen, I gotta go. Talk to you later, ok? Merry Christmas.”
Castiel touched his own cheek as soon as Dean had left, still marvelling at the way the casual touch had zinged straight through his body. If Dean wasn’t such a casual toucher, he’d almost think he had a chance. But Dean was just way out of his league.
While the jungle below them kept growing and flourishing, the trees closest to their cave did not multiply at the same miraculous rate, and had started to run out of fruit. Today, Castiel had had bad luck at trying to spear a boar and it was too late to go fishing instead. Dean would have appreciated the meat, but he’d mostly wanted the boar for its skin. The pelts would be great to drape in front of their cave as protection. None of his fabrics would be strong enough to withstand the elements but the pelts would harden enough, and if he had a few of them, he could sew them together before blasting them with an energy beam from his suit to speed up the process.
Dean still felt weirdly dirty. Not in a bad way. Just… naughty. Which was weird, considering he wasn’t shy around sex. But he’s never had a threesome. Let alone one with actual twins.
Dean and Castiel found a pathway that led further up toward the mountains and they followed it for about half an hour until they reached a dip in the hills that had trees which, unlike the ones in the forest, seemed to contain fruit. Excitedly, Dean ran over and picked one up, sniffing it. The tantalizing scent was enough to convince him to risk a bite, but as he opened his mouth Castiel whacked it out of his hand.
“Are you gonna protect me, Jimmy? Be a good big brother and save me from the world and myself and what was that you kept promising me? Always, always have my back?” Castiel was back to bitter. There were no words for how deeply Jimmy had betrayed him.
“You did so good for me, Dean.” Castiel nuzzled him, their hands interlaced with Dean’s arms stretched out in front of him. “You held out, just like I asked. You were such a good boy for me.” He kissed his cheek. “I love you so much.”
Castiel nods. “I recently moved and I finally have enough space, but I was going to build my own cage first. And uhm, set up a real pen. I have a whole room just for the guinea pigs,” he explains cheerfully, but then he schools his expression. “Uhm, is that weird? That I’ll give them their own room?”
“Ok?” Jimmy asked, but when Castiel didn’t react, he didn’t prod further. “So… we should try and find out who really set up that account, but I have a feeling we both know who that was.”
Dean reached out to touch Castiel’s chest. “Thank you for trusting me.” It might be a problem for some of his followers. While they all had a hippie vibe around here, free love wasn’t quite the same as following a gay leader. Most of the people at the Farm had conservative backgrounds, for all Dean could tell. That’s why they were so drawn to it. It was different from their normal lifestyle, most of them never having had to do menial labour in their lives.
He took off his helmet before the data dump was complete and took a moment to be glad that he’d shut off his transmitter as soon as he’d crashed. He didn’t want to be responsible for the annihilation of an alien race they’d only just encountered, especially when their motives weren’t understood. They were enemies now, but things could still be resolved.
That would not do. He reached over to his nightstand and popped one of his pills, falling into a dreamless sleep not soon after.
He got out on the ground floor to take the bus home while Dean stayed to take two more levels down to get to the parking garage. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Dean.” Castiel said, just as the doors were closing on him, finally answering the question from earlier. Dean smiled in response and gave a quick wave before the elevator dinged and continued its descent.
“He’s a gift,” Castiel amended. He quietly opened the door to gesture at Dean, still sleeping peacefully. “I mean, look at how pretty he is. They sent me this beautiful, broken boy, all mine for the taking.” He sighed wistfully. “I should send them a gift basket as a thank you.”
Dean was willing to look further, but apparently it was enough for Castiel to vow it would never happen again. Five days later, Dean was in deep withdrawal and it showed no sign of stopping. Castiel sought help from Heaven but came back looking defeated and angry.
“Then please, Dean. I can not rest until I know you’re fully healed.” Castiel held out his hand, eyes only for Dean even if he was aware that all of the kitchen staff was watching their interaction.
“That bitch!” Mildred exclaimed before she slapped her hand over her mouth. “Sorry, Castiel, I mean no disrespect…”
This was starting to get dangerous, so Dean decided to change the topic again. “Do you regret never going to college?”
Dean’s frown deepened. Why was Castiel so nervous? Had Dean been right and there was something wrong with the tea? “I also noticed that you get your own blend for dinner,” Dean mentioned.
Castiel smiled, pleased, but kept his gun trained on Sam while they made their way to the boats. The officers had moved far enough away that they could climb into the boats safely, Castiel, Sam and Dean last.
“Yeah.” Castiel pretended to be stricken. Actually, his idea had worked perfectly. With a few hitches, but he could overlook those. He’d definitely come out of this a lot richer than he went in. And not just monetarily. He had Dean now. And Dean was worth losing some land over. “We’ll start fresh somewhere else,” Castiel promised her, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder.
“I don’t know, maybe she’s a prodigy. Maybe she took it over. But Odin is definitely female,” Castiel elaborated. “That’s why I never used male pronouns. It was the only hint I felt comfortable giving you.”
Especially not when he only had a year left of his service. Soon he could go back home with his savings and his retirement pay and take care of Sammy himself again. They‘d be set for a few years while Dean looked for a better job and Sammy could continue with school.
Castiel bit his lip, considering. “You said you got to watch Scooby Doo when you lost weight. What happened if you didn’t?”
Castiel’s eyebrow climbed higher, but there was definitely a smirk on his lips. “U-huh.” He pointed towards the nightstand. “Drink your tea then.”
“Thanks. I aim to please.” Castiel winked again and liked his lips. Then he sighed wistfully. “Sadly Cheryl fell flat in that regard.”
Jimmy nodded grimly and held up the computer, focusing on Dean instead. “You’ll get this back as soon as we’re done, I promise.”
His last three weeks passed quickly. While he was recovering, the team already on site continued collecting samples for him and Castiel would be able to fully complete his research back in his lab at the university. He briefly considered prolonging his expedition, but Dean would rip his head off. As would his board, who was quite furious with Balthazar at the reckless endangerment of such a valuable researcher as Castiel. Apparently he hadn’t fully cleared all of the specifics before Castiel left. But thankfully that was Balthazar’s problem and not Castiel’s.
“Shhhh,” Castiel soothed, stroking his hair. “I got you.” He stayed still, waiting for Dean to get used to it. But that almost made it even more unbearable.
“See?” Castiel said. “That’s what I mean. That’s why you’re a great boss.” He tapped his fingers on the table, considering. “What if we tell them we were afraid to come clean because we’re gay and there might be harrassment.”
“Neither,“ Dean decided, fishing out his crew badge from under his shirt. He didn‘t know everybody yet and doubted security would let him pass otherwise.
“I can think of a few positions…” Dean suggested, but Castiel had a point. Dean would rather exercise himself. Repel the last of the funk lingering in his brain.
Castiel hummed. “So you didn’t have anything to do with this?” Castiel opened the folder and got out the pictures taken at the crime scene. Photos of where the women had been caged together in a small space, close-ups of their bruising and shackles, for effect. He watched Dean’s reaction closely.
Castiel hummed, turning back to making his tea. He wondered how much longer it would take before Dean cracked and told him the truth about why he was here.
“Shut it, Jimmy,” Cas stepped in, pulling Dean closer into his side. “If we do this, Dean will be in charge.”
Dean took his hand again, interlacing their fingers and squeezing. Castiel smiled at him and pulled up his hand to press a kiss to the back of it, apparently not caring anymore who saw them together. Dean’s heart started hammering in his chest. It felt good to be the one to offer comfort for once.
They made the trek back to their cave and then only had enough time to quickly collect some fruit before darkness fell and they turned in for the night. They didn’t have enough wood yet to last an additional day, so when Dean moved even closer to him when he tried to sleep, Castiel let him. And when it became clear that he was shivering, just like on their first night, Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s temple and helped him fall asleep once more.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Oh please. This is not a crime movie. You make it sound like there’s a hired assassin on my tail.”
“I’ve survived worse.” Dean shrugged and, as far-fetched as it sounded, by now Castiel was inclined to believe him.
“You don’t know what I pictured,” Castiel smiled at him. “Maybe I have a weird kink you don’t know about.”
When the temperature changes, he realizes they‘re not on the bridge anymore. They‘re back in the bunker, in Dean‘s room. Two nightstands surrounding his bed. And he smiles. “Did you…?“ He asks when they finally break apart.
“Oh fuck,“ Ruby cursed. “Put that thing away, if you don‘t want those lot to eat you alive.“ She turned a little, shielding his badge with her body.
After Micheal, Dean didn’t have relationships anymore. It had broken him. He just couldn’t go through it again and he was convinced that anyone else would leave him anyway. If
“In,” Castiel reminded him, realizing Dean had gone stiff. “And out.” He reached down to touch Dean’s arms.
Dean gulped. And there it was. This was bigger than any of them wanted it to be. But also, a perfect opening to turn this conversation around. “I should maybe inform you that I‘m not shareable. But if you want to have one of your orgies, I‘d be amenable to superwise and share you with who I deem worthy.“
Cas chuckled, probably at whatever crestfallen expression must be gracing his face. “For what it’s worth, I hate how you found out, but I’m glad you know. From this point forward, I want to be fully honest with you, Dean.”
Cas stated nonchalantly, deep voice sounded so loud in Dean's ears as they stood in the heart of the field just few feet from each other.
“You sure you okay?” Dean asked again for the tenth time since their lunch which made him smiled though only a small quirk of lips.
After all that shit in college—Castiel felt he is very much needed the attention from Dean in the safe haven of their home.
The lingering thoughts of liking the smell of fresh after-rain that burns on the black tar of the road never did cross his mind.
They were at some nearby mall, when Sam said that he wanted to buy few additional shirts and pants since—
The small boy still staring deeply into his eyes, not even responding to Dean's question before the kid suddenly jumped forward and before Dean react to it, the dark haired boy mashed his face into the crook of Dean's neck.
“This is my roommate's phone number. He wanted to get to know your bestfriend Dean, so he asked me to give you this. We're in the same literature class so, yeah. Here. I thought it would be much easier for you to hand it directly.” He pushed the paper forward and Castiel reluctantly took it and tried to keep control of the sudden possessiveness at the thought of somebody wanted to get to know Dean.
"Fuck.” Demon chuckled darkly. “I never thought I'd meet one of you dicks." His smirk was back again, wings spreaded in a sudden dominating stance.
Suddenly the door was shut by itself, followed by sound of lock went to its place. Seems like this trench coat guy wasn't human at all then. Interesting.
A waitress was sauntering towards their table, she was staring at both of them before her eyes immediately landed on Castiel whilst he was apparently chuckling at something Dean said. Dean was totally aware of what's happening when the girl reached their table, literally looking like she's going to shove her breasts up towards Cas and/or climbing up into Cas' lap
Castiel tightened his grip, leaving bruises on the unblemished skin as he dragged the demon's body even closer to his; both their fronts slotted together. He smirked when he could feel the spike of the demon's arousal against the front of his slacks.
but with the way Cas was looking into his eyes every single seconds of the day—proved that voice wrong. He'll treasure his alpha dearly and never let him go for someone else. Especially, other
“No need to fight, brother. I come in peace.” The unmistakably very familiar woman's voice went into his ears.
He was sent down to earth on a mission to kill a nephilim; an abomination, so dangerous it could bring wars on heaven and earth, so, being the faithful warrior himself, Castiel killed the baby without batting an eye. His mission was fulfilled, but he wanted to stay. So he stays.
Dean sniffled, as he lifted up his head from Benny's neck where he inhaled the calming scent of his mate. He stared up into the pair of lighter blue eyes with his glassy ones.
Rufus felt like an uncle to him and he's been grateful to meet someone who actually nice to him despite being a male omega and all that shit.
Dean fell into depression just a year ago, but Benny—the perfect alpha he was—always been there for him. He was patient with Dean's crazy random moodswings, and he was still solidly just there whenever the nights Dean wanted to be held and loved again. Then when Dean went missing for a week, Benny kept calm and searched for him to bring him home again even when Dean's scent was mostly sour and pungent in distress. It was Benny who managed to bring him back to the end of the tunnel, where the light shone the brightest. Benny was there, with him and waiting for him to regain his strength. To be Dean again.
The demon's voice was silky rich deep with sated lust as he rolled over from the motionless body. Castiel gritted his teeth, trying to ignore the sudden burning feeling inside his chest seeing the demon had laid with some random human.
Castiel thought and when he lifted his eyes, he was met with a pair of another set of greens though not as mesmerizing as Dean’s as he accidentally made an eye contact with the alpha guy.
Hearing that, the demon frowned upon the angel. His eyes went back to his normal mesmerizing green irises before he stood up from the bed. “What's that suppose to mean?”
As promised, he spent the lunchtime break with Dean, but—to his disappointment, Dean brought some of his friends too; their usual spot in the cafe was now crowded with some female betas and a male alpha. They were currently chatting and laughing with Dean, whilst the alpha guy for some reasons, kept glancing over at Castiel ever so often.
“Are you allergic to straight answers you son of a bitch?!” The demon exclaimed loudly; his scent turned sour around them.
Dean was silent and Castiel turned fully to stare at him directly on the eyes saying, “You can't leave nor be away from me. Not anymore.”
Dean rolled his shoulders, cracking his neck and exhaled. “What? Working out my wings? Pfft. I don't fucking care.”
Dean didn't push any other questions to him but instead, he asked, “So now, we're kind of connected?”
Castiel arrived in a cheap motel room somewhere in the middle of the northway out the country, his wings fluttered in the dim light of the room that strongly reeked of…semen and lust.
But somehow Castiel could feel it in his gut that the demon wasn't the same as the rest. It has been weeks since
Dean groaned against the man's ear, their naked bodies were glistening with sweats as they rocked against one another. The man beneath him moaned as he hit that sweet spot over and over in each of his brutal thrusts.
He made a turned as he was nearing a cafe before a disheveled mop of messy dark hair caught his peripheral view. He turned his head so fast that his neck might break as he landed his eyes on a hunching figure inside the cafe, sitting in one of the booths with a book in his hand.
The voice was still calling out to him and seconds after, Dean's eyes were rushed opened and he was hyperventilating. The kid was gone and his arms wrapped to the closest person he had; Benny.
Some staffs were raising their heads, curious eyes landed on him as he walked past the registration counter of this floor. A young woman in a blue nurse outfit was unbashfully raking her eyes down Dean's finely cladded body and just because he could, he winked and smirked when their eyes met.
The man came too, spurts of cum landed on the sheet below him and Dean landed heavily against the man's back, his dick still buried inside.
Sam just chuckled softly, shaking his head watching the couple's bicker in front of him. It was just another day, having the front row seat to Dean and Cas' rom com show for him. Sam never find them annoying, well aside from him always being the third wheeler—it just makes him happy to see his brother finally settled down and always in a good mood lately. It feels good—and he really needs to thank Cas for that.
He didn't risk to take another whiff of the scent when he was met with a man; a set of light brown trench coat fits perfectly on his body, accompanied with a dark set of suit, and of course, a pair of black dress shoes. The man's back was facing him, but Dean's eyes landed on the patient in the room. A man wearing a hospital robes, sitting on a wheelchair next to the trench coat guy; both of them facing the window.
But then, the bell chimes and Dean couldn't help but turned and saw a red head omega, so pretty with a small child holding her hand as they went in. She made an eye contact with Dean for a brief second and smiled. Dean smiled back, just when the boy wiggling his hand to be freed from her hand and ran towards the booth
That night Dean dreamed of a small boy, dark haired with the prettiest blue eyes he's ever seen was looking up at him. Curious, Dean kneeled so that he'd leveled with the kid.
Blood now trickling down his forehead, lips sting with cuts and the rest of his body just oozed with dark blooming red of his own blood. They had actually stripped him off his suit, leaving him only in his dress pants and shoes—dark bruises and deep cuts decorating his fair skin.
A single tear slid down his cheek as he finally realized he was crying. The small hands of the boy now cradling his face, cute little thumb caught the tears just in time.
The pregnancy test fell onto the floor with a loud ‘clack’ as Dean's began to clutch his head with his now free hand. He pulled on his hair, his mind was screaming at him, grasping and trying to process everything that just happened.
Father once taught them how to defend and became one of the greatest warriors of Heaven, always put their missions first on top of everything else. Castiel had killed, smite, and led armies as they fought in the War of Heaven along with the other angels in his garrison.
"I insist on getting this color, Dean." Cas prompts, grabbing the soft green bed sheet with some golden thread woven at the edges, making Dean rolled his eyes.
result, he decided he wanted to show it to his husband as a surprise. Benny didn't even suspect anything when Dean began having his morning sickness, insisted for the omega to rest at home and eat the mushroom soup that he made for Dean. With a long kiss on the forehead, and a hush whisper of ‘I love you’ Benny had gone to work at the restaurant.
Dean's voice was like a silk honey dripped into his ears. Too exhausted to even speak, Castiel responded with a muffled groan before blindly reaching out for Dean's pillow and then mushed his face into it. He inhaled at the heavenly smell of
Dean croaked out a small smile, hands wanted to reach out and ran his fingers onto each of the magnificent feathers but he found out he seriously couldn't actually moved
Dean tried not to let himself been swept away with such beauty as the angel finally stood in front of him, their distance were just a step away. For some reason, the angel was just watching him; eyes never blink as if he could stared into his mind—and read all these
He purposely walked slowly, still battling over inside his head whilst his eyes literally glued themselves onto the alpha's broad back.
“Fuck, talk about worst timing ever.” Cas huffed a small humorless laugh at that, before he ran his fingers through his already messy hair. Dean gulped, never gotten over the fact that how
enough to ask for a five minutes break and when their lecturer agreed, he's never been more than happy to quickly fetch his phone and began to read Cas' messages.
Little did he knew, Castiel stood by the Oak tree not far from the corpse; fully invisible before the angel unveiled himself. With his prismatic white wings tucked behind him, he went to clean up as he usually did, disposing the rotten corpse by soaring it in fire just in seconds before the body turned to ashes.
look before Castiel nodded and smiled again in response, this time a little bit wide earning a grin from Dean as they separated in different direction.
“Yeah, since this scent blocker didn't really doing it for me,” He bite down a bit harder than before into the skin earning a soft moan from Dean, “I need you out of this
Dean furrowed his eyebrow in confusion. It's really not like Cas to text him first whenever they're having their respective classes. Perks on sitting at the far back seats are glorious though, Dean thought as he smiled whilst typing in his replies.
He stopped in front of a room numbered '208', the scent was even stronger—his horns and fangs were almost came out in instant. He held back a bit, using all of his willpower left and reached out to push down the metal knob, the door opened smoothly without a sound.
alpha, living under Dean’s shadow.” He huffed a chuckle, rubbing against the blisters around his hand; a solid prove from the undoubtedly
Sam as usual answered the call in an instant, cheery voice turned concern and worry as he listened to what Dean managed to get out of his mouth. He seriously couldn't drive his car at this moment and with Sam being only lived in few blocks away, he could at least drive Dean to the hospital. The only thought of his husband lying lifelessly on the hospital bed worsened his hiccuping, as he cried silently whilst tears ran down his face. He felt a sudden agony, strong enough that he knew something was happening to him and Benny's mates' bond that tied them together. The strong pull that he always felt towards the alpha was dim, weakening and Dean desperately tried to reach out towards the invisible string, hands clutched against his chest as he weeps.
at the mere thought having Cas' hard dick rammed into him as if there's no tomorrow. Last night really was a
Yeah, right. He's so fucking stupid to think that the perfect alpha he was starting to take interest in wasn't already mated. Ha. Should've thought about it earlier. But, he doesn't smell mated? Whatever.
After another few sharp breaths and hips grinding—those beautiful blue irises gradually came into view whilst Cas finally opened his eyes.
“What do you want?” Castiel growled, his inner Alpha resurface when it finds out he was being dominated by some stranger Alpha.
Dean stopped, leaning down to give a soft kiss on Cas' forehead and after a soft pat onto Cas' stubbled cheek, Dean climb out of the bed.
He once did asked Cas the other day; maybe he was actually destined to be born as an omega but for some reasons, he didn't. Perhaps he's having these gender dysphoria thingy or whatever people these days called it, but he couldn’t care less to be completely honest. Cas on the other hand, just smiled his quirky smile and told Dean it’s not a big deal since he loves Dean no matter what anyway. Then, the conversation ended up effortlessly just like that.
but shock to see the human shaped figure suddenly lunged forward towards the demons, then sounds of screaming echoed throughout the dark forest with blinding white lights surrounding them. When it finally stopped, Dean's body was rolled over by a pair of gentle but firm hands so he was lying on his back whilst the black figure crouched next to him.
ever since they'd accidentally discovered the panty kink during one of those crazy chaotic parties’ truth or dares, and
pregnancy test in his hand tightly, his feet literally bouncing restlessly on the floor. He swore he alnost fainted from the excitement when he saw the positive result from his first test. He still couldn't believe it as he went out and bought four more pregnancy tests and tried them all. When he came to the fifth
“It's true,” Castiel said towards the nurse. “God does work in mysterious ways. Humans only need to have faith and always prayed to Him.”
“Dude!” Dean gasped, “Warn a guy first would ya?” He almost shrieked out of shock though on instinct, his arms instantly circled around Cas' neck to keep himself from falling even when he knew Cas was holding him firm.
Swiping off the snooze on his alarm, which had already went off for Chuck knows how long—Dean yawned before rubbing his eyes with the heels of his palms. Puffs of warm breath fanned on the back of his neck making him shuddered as he slowly entered his consciousness.
He stroked his thumb gently just beneath his navel through the thin shirt he wore, and felt a single streak of tear slid down from the edge of his right eye. He quickly rolled over onto his side, curled up whilst his arms wrapped around his stomach as he began to weep silently.
Castiel had no response to that statement as he continued playing with some bees that buzzed and flew in between his fingers. They went silent again, and this time Dean laid down with his head pillowed by his arms, whilst eyes staring up at the evening sky.
“You're Castiel, right?” The beta asked and Castiel just nodded silently in response hoping that there will be no useless awkward conversation he needed to make.
The man groaned, shifting his body slightly, and Dean pulled out before he rolled over to the side of the bed.
His eyes immediately landed on the tangled bodies on the bed, two guys were kissing lewdly, tongues wet and licking into each other's mouth and Castiel wanted to gag at the filthy sounds.
He curses under his breath, then he began to pack his bag. His lecturer now was staring at him as if he'd killed a cat in front of the class when he says, “My brother needs me, he's having a food poisoning—I need to get him to the hospital asap. Please.”
His eyes watered before he was even aware and he quickly made his way out of the cafe. The cup of iced americano felt heavy in his hand and he threw it away, not even bothered to finish the drink.
Not to be a weirdo, he went towards the counter first instead of straight away taking a seat near the alpha and he ordered a black americano on the go as the smiley beta cashier greeted him. Dean waited near the counter, with his heart hammering inside his chest whilst he repeatedly chants,
When they were about to walked away, the sheriff abruptly caught Cas' arm, stopping him on his tracks, leaving Dean walking far ahead of him totally not aware of the exchange.
“Come on, Benny.” Dean muttered to himself anxiously, as he fought the strong urge to just call his alpha and tell the news straightaway through the phone. But that would ruin the surprise.
As on instinct, Dean reluctantly moved away from his husband's neck before he scented the air. He couldn't get the specific scent yet but...the longer he focused, the more his nostrils caught the faint smell of his heat pheromones. Benny was right. Maybe he'll due sooner, in a week or so..perhaps days?
but Dean's still very much alive and were having the time of his life so far. He had already fed on some suicidal guy's joy just two days ago but it wasn't enough, he was starving again—his nose eagerly sniffing the air for new meals.
He wanted to fight so badly but he couldn't find the need nor the urge to do it. So he just let them punched, kicked and perhaps someone already stabbed him on his stomach and his chest countlessly. But still, he couldn't care less.
He was glad he's wearing his scent blocker or any people around his radius might smell how he's already leaking a bit of slick whilst practically oozing sex pheromones right fucking now.
His inner omega wailed in slight despair, somehow desperate to see the alpha that riling them up so much. Dean sighed, probably for the umpteenth time, hands in his pockets with his head held low.
As to prove his point, Cas inhaled directly on Dean's skin before he gently bite on it. Upon the sudden gesture, Dean almost dropped the spatula he's holding but managed to prevent so before he quickly turned off the stove.
It always made his chest full with pride when he was the only one Cas will seek for during his ruts. Even before they declared the status of their relationship. Sometimes an evil voice will whisper at the back of his mind, saying that he'll never be as good as an
Cupid shook her head, before her wings came to view from her back. Her shining, white wings with a little mix of pink and red feathers unfurled proudly.
Castiel sighed, ignoring the gloriously naked demon as he walked towards the bed towards the human. The man was still alive, albeit his eyes were staring up lifelessly at the ceiling and never blinks. Castiel came near him, holding out two fingers towards the man's forehead before he let his grace flowed into the man's soul; mending the broken parts.
“I've read about it on the internet the other day.” Cas said gently, fingers worked diligently. “I think it'll feel much better if you lay down.” He stopped for a second, before shocking Dean by lifting him in a bridal style.
“Yeah, thanks man. Sorry, didn't see you there.” Dean tried muses out as he dusted down his jeans with his palms.
Does it weird to say that he's been feeling this weird magnetic attraction for this no name guy? Dean tried a sniff of the air and his black eyes were back when he finally sensed that the addictive sweet peach scent was....fading.
He went back home, totally forgetting the main reason why he wandered down the streets towards his favourite bakery without any breads and pies accompanied him back to the apartment.
"Y–yes. We will look into this immediately and hopefully with your help we could put this on end." Cas was taken aback for a sec, but continued his act on being professional as the sheriff smiled seductively towards him.
Castiel lifted one eyebrow at him but not saying anything in retaliation. It's as if he's daring Dean to do it. To leave.
Castiel abruptly grabbed the demon's hips in a tight grip, reeling him in; earning a sharp gasp from the demon.
Dean was speechless, as he felt his heart seized almost painfully in his chest. Then he remembered—all these years Benny and him had tried to have kids on their own, with him being an omega which was clearly possible. But, after so many heats he shared with Benny, he never got pregnant. He's been off his birth control pills for three years now and they have been going to doctor's appointments but still, to no avail.
“Here I thought you're different than others.” Castiel sighed deeply, shaking his head with a weak laugh. “I should've known.”
from Dean that resonated just beneath his sternum. So when he felt like he couldn't take the silence anymore, Castiel snapped the bees away, and laid down next to Dean, propping up his elbow and rested his head on his palm, eyes staring down at the dots of freckles across Dean's nose and cheeks.
Demons fed on humans' fear and greed, but the most satisfying ones were the joy and pure happiness that surely could make one's belly full and deep satiated.
his nose caught an immensely different scent from what he'd used to, somehow it was soothing but at the same time so deliciously appetizing and not like how humans' scents were. And it's calling out to him.
When the man's soul was at least healed; hollow broken patches were mended albeit not perfectly as before—Castiel wiped his memories regarding the demon before he teleported the man to his apartment after making sure he was already fully clothed, all with the help of Castiel's grace.
"Dean, are you jealous?" Cas couldn't help but slowly broke into a wide smile that never cease to flutter Dean's heart.
The deep timbre of the voice he so long to hear caught him off guard and he turned his head towards the source.
Castiel shook his head, then walked out from the empty class. Few sets of eyes fell on him again as he walked passing the hallway. He sighed, praying that the day would just be over soon.
) but on daily basis whenever they were either having sex, fucked or even countless nights of those vanilla
At first, he thought it was just a more of empathy than curiosity he had for the man but—there's something about this man's soul that's been calling out to him whenever he came by.
He heightened up his senses, searching for the source of the delicious scent that still lingered strongly in the air. His eyes went rigid black, horns protruding even prominent now and his huge wings spreaded in the empty space behind him.
"That makes two of us." The angel smirked whilst he stepped forward to erase the gap between them both. His wings furled into a natural stance. Not dominating nor submissive.
Like hell he'll lose against some angel asshole. Always hated their kinds. God's greatest warrior, Heaven's most proud
“Your husband's been admitted to the General Hospital due to a car accident and he's in the ER right now. You're the first emergency contact number in—”
Soon they were kissing, clothes were thrown haphazardly onto the floor and the TV soon fades into their background as they made love on the couch for the night. When Benny's knot had calmed down, he slipped out and carried Dean towards their bedroom for another round of love making; sweet words of love whispered into each other's ears before they were soon retired to sleep; bodies flushed together, hearts beat in sync.
The demon chuckled at the statement. “So? It's not like I cared anyway. Humans are abominations, they shouldn't live freely on earth.”
So he lifted his hand and traced his knuckles down Dean's soft cheeks gently. Dean's breath became slightly hitched, then eyes slowly fluttered open, showing those forest green that Castiel came to love so much he could get lost in it.
alpha, Dean inhaled deeply, just for reassurance and braved himself to stride into the cafe with his head held high.
in the air as he let his backpack off his shoulder, letting it slide onto the floor before he wrapped his arms around his boyfriend's neck, fingers grabbing at Cas' dark hair while he bare his neck to make more room for his alpha to bite on.
Dean shifted his head into the base of Benny's neck so he could scent his husband's alluring and soothing smell of fresh homebake pies and apple with a hint of leather.
Castiel thought proudly, as he pushed closer towards the arched back of the alpha and in return, he put his crotch just between the crack of the guy's ass. Though their apparent position
mostly, just because he wanted to piss off some stupid fucking arrogant angel that seemed to never leave his mind ever since
Glancing down when he clearly sure no one was watching, he stared at the way his phone screen lits up at a new message from Cas.
This time, everyone on the table abruptly stopped talking and now they were all paying attention to the them both.
He was the Knight of Hell but nah, he couldn't care less to be honest, he's just glad that he got to keep his wings though; large and unscathed shiny black feathers.
He wrapped his hands tightly around his lover's broad shoulders, and in that very moment, Dean never did want anything else.
She was speechless at first and totally had jumped a little in shock, before she finally gets the message. After scribbling down the orders, she bowed her head, eyes lowered in shame before she scurried away. Dean smirked triumphantly while Cas frowned at him.
Dean seemed to realize how dense Castiel was when he gently nudged him on the shoulder before whispering, “You okay, Cas?”
"Okay, fine. I'll take the blue one, you take those." Dean went to fetch the dark blue ones, which reminded him of Cas' blue eyes, a small smile curved on his lips whilst staring at it.
Sighing softly into the pillow, Dean snuggled back towards the comfortable warmth of Cas behind him. He's totally fully awake now not a trace of drowsiness left but he'd kill for moments like this; having Cas' arms wrapped possessively around him. Which one thing he'd learnt about  his angel
With that last spoken, Castiel was gone with a loud flutter of his wings—leaving the demon grasping at the thin air in the quiet room.
At first he thought it was just some random scent that kind of just sticks into the nostrils, like the fresh smell of cut grass in the afternoon or the smell of gasoline at the gas station.
The pitter patter of rain droplets hitting the windows remind him of the day he had to watch his own mate, buried six feet under and he clenched upon his own shirt, the flood of memories suddenly washed over him; drowning his conscious in it.
That's fast. Considering the walking distance from arts and literature building towards mechanical engineering building was like,
Hands in pockets, Dean stood on the rooftop of some abandoned tall building—black eyes were focused down the city landscape, the place he'd been calling as home for almost a year. Why, you asked? Well, after deceiving Hell he's apparently been casted out from the pit and unto the earth.
“Well, thanks for the time. See you in lit class.” With that being said, the beta, still smiling walked away towards the entrance door where a group of his other friends squealed and talked in much enthusiasm.
Castiel liked it. How the silence was comfortable around them and with Dean's presence by his side, their thighs were so close they're touching; Castiel suddenly felt like he wanted more.
as he made out the silhouette of dark suited man with his trenchcoat draped onto the back of his chair. When he was most definite that it was his
Cas smiled in that little quirk of lips before he voluntarily dropped his forehead onto Dean's shoulder with a sigh followed.
Standing up, not caring that he's barefoot and all; he unfurled his dark wings from the hidden space and made a few experimental heavy flaps, liking the way his wings muscles and tendons moved so effortlessly.
A sudden sense of curiousity burned at the back of his head as he watched the retreating figure of the man. He didn't know why, but something told him he needed to know this man.
for that matter. The last time he had a meal was three weeks ago but he's never been hungry or to be honest; had none of his appetite ever since then.
The stern voice of Madam Abaddon startled him just as he wanted to type in a reply. Instead—Dean quickly hid away his phone under the table, before looking up to see everyone's eyes were landed on him. He smiled nervously, grabbing his pen where it was abandoned long ago, and started to pretend writing something on his vaguely empty notebook.
Then, the lunch break was spent rather successfully without any unnecessary intervene, and now he found it even harder to separate from Dean since all he wanted to do now was to bask in that comfortable scent and warmth of his lover.
room and change my clothes. Talk to you later, Cas.” He had started walking, but added over his shoulder, “Glad you’re back. Dean really missed you.”
“Alright, fine,” Dean grumbled, stroking his hands over his shirt, which Castiel would never get back. The softness in combination with it being
When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was radiantly beaming. “Thank you for giving me this gift, Dean.” And Dean’s heart was fluttering wildly. He almost got lost in Castiel’s blue eyes, but then Castiel averted his gaze again to wrap up Dean’s other hand.
And of course she had a gun. She was FBI. Shit. He shifted so he was in front of Dean as far as her line of sight went.
“It would be my pleasure,” Dean replied, almost purring the last word. He was going to say ‘honor’, but the absolutely shell shocked look on Kelly’s face was worth it. “Thank you, Castiel.” Dean accepted his hand and they walked off the field together without another glance backwards.
Dean must have been really out of it, because he slept straight through it. Castiel should probably be proud of himself. His thighs were burning from his earlier exertions and he stretched them out, adding a few basic yoga poses while he was at it. When he looked at the bed again, Dean was awake and watching him.
“You’d already given so much.” Castiel squeezed her arm again, then cupped her cheek. “I hope we’ll get the opportunity to do better. Just make sure to tell them everything, when they question you. How you’ve always distrusted Meg. Just tell the truth, even if you think something might implicate me. Like how Meg insisted on the community tea with an ingredient I am allergic to so I have been drinking something else this whole time.” He wrapped his arms around himself, making himself smaller.
“Of course,” Castiel reassured him, letting go and wrapping an arm around him instead, tucking him safely against his side as he led him back inside and to his room. Dean felt small like this, but not in a bad way. Like before, Castiel made him feel safe and protected.
They moved back into the cave and Castiel checked the berries, grateful that Dean had been thoughtful enough to bring them, but assuring him that it wasn’t necessary. Apparently his body was already producing everything the baby could need.
“Yeah.” Dean made sure his brother was out of sight before taking Castiel’s hand and clasping their fingers. “So please follow me to my room and help me get patched up.”
Once he’d gotten rid of Dean’s pants, Castiel slowly kissed his way up Dean’s legs. Then he stood back up, swinging Dean’s legs over until he was lying fully on the bed, and climbed on to join him.
The place was trashed. Loose leaves from handwritten spell books scattered around, orbs smashed, bowls broken as well as all sorts of ingredients strewn all over the place. Castiel leaned down, trying to get a reading or maybe discover another time piece, but nothing immediately revealed itself.
Dean took that as a challenge and slid down in one swift thrust until Castiel bottomed out. But he’d underestimated how full he’d feel, not just from the cock in his ass, but Castiel was looking at him with such a mix of concern and astonishment and… and other things Dean didn’t want to name yet and he had to close his eyes and just pull Castiel close to him, concentrating on getting his breathing under control.
“What do you mean? You saw it, too. You’re a witness to this. You better come give a statement and help with the sketch artist.” Dean knew that only minutes ago he wanted nothing more than to have Novak gone, but this… whatever the fuck just happened... it was definitely out of Dean’s comfort zone.
Castiel had expected this question. “None like you,” he reassured him. They had reached the lodges and Castiel pulled Dean behind the building, so he could back him up against the wall and touch his cheek, like he’d been craving to. “The others got spiritual guidance,” Castiel explained. “You’re the only one who gets private yoga lessons, the only one who ever got to stay in my room, and
“Love you, too.” Dean replied, straddling him and deepening their kiss. “And I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.”
Dean moaned, hiding his face back in the pillow, while Castiel slowly pushed forward and forward until he bottomed out. They both groaned in unison and Dean could feel Castiel everywhere. He was surrounded by him, blanketed, spread open, he could feel him inside and outside. Even their feet touched. It was too much. He keened.
Focusing on his congregation instead, Castiel’s eyes landed on Meg, who was morosely picking at her food. Maybe he should be a bit nicer to her again lest she actually left and vanished before he could frame her. Then again, she might have left him if it was still just the two of them, but she would never leave this operation. There was too much money to be made.
“I, uhm, might have waited until you were gone and went back to the pet store to ask Charlie what to get for your hamster.” Castiel confesses, passing a hand through his hair nervously.
“I don’t think we’ll have the time right now,” Castiel explained. He could do his usual sun salutations on his own quick enough, but he wanted to include Dean again. Additionally, right now he just wanted to brush his teeth and take a shower.
Castiel threw Dean a quick look, obviously as annoyed about this as Dean was. “You’ve been with us for what now, five months, Kelly?” Castiel asked, waiting for her to nod. “My guidance is, that if you still don’t know how to be kind to new members, I have obviously failed you.” He added a small pause, waiting for her eyes to light up with hope. “Maybe you should seek a new mentor elsewhere,” Castiel concluded, smiling kindly and Kelly’s face fell.
Nodding grimly, Castiel patted his kit after stuffing it into his pocket and waited for Dean to lead the way. No, he was definitely not ready.
And in the blink of an eye, it was dark again, too early for even the sun to have risen yet. Yet here they were, Castiel crouched in front of him, still holding on to his wrist. Dean jerked back. “The fuck did you do to me?”
“Safe,” Castiel said, in Dean’s language. “Go.” He waved his hands and glanced up at the suns. They needed to find better shelter. Dean grumbled something in reply that Castiel was sure he wasn’t meant to hear.
“You know why I couldn’t.” Cas’ voice had dropped a whole octave and suddenly that tension was back between them. Jimmy quickly sobered up and held up his hands. Thankfully a new incoming message distracted Cas enough to focus back on his screen, but the mood was still tense. Dean decided he should better let them be before he made it even worse.
Dean carefully turned around and came face to face with a still sleeping Castiel. He always looked relaxed, but in sleep he was the absolute picture of serenity. And just incredibly beautiful, with his dark messy hair and the ever-growing beard.
“Stop being so smug, Detective. I’m still able to walk, so you could‘ve done better.” Castiel hip-checked him.
“I’m sure.” Dean finished eating as well and after putting down his plate, he used his newly freed hands to push Cas down on the bed and rolled over him. “We owe him to take this trial seriously and not just announce our decision tomorrow though.” Dean wormed his hands underneath Castiel’s shirt and started tugging it upwards. “Even if my decision is already made.”
It got to a point where Dean had to close his eyes because it was all so intense. He moved his head back and forth on the pillow, feeling twitchy and on edge. “Please,” he begged again. “Cas.”
Castiel had stored the ketamine based mix he’d injected into Dean’s water in the office, but now he should use the opportunity to make it more than obvious that everything had been Meg’s doing.
“You’re supposed to eat that, not play with it,” Castiel whispered and when Dean turned towards him, he found Castiel staring at him sternly, one eyebrow raised once again. But Dean could also see his lips twitching to hide a smile, so he knew Castiel wasn’t really mad at him.
He carefully entered her room and found her passed out on the bed, still in her clothes, snoring loudly. Meg’s room had almost the same layout as Castiel’s, so he checked her cupboards first, finding a place to stash the hallucinogens which she hopefully wouldn’t notice. It didn’t look like she used it often, so he should be in luck.
Jimmy smiled. Progress. “Sure.” He started his car and pulled out back to the street. Once they got closer to the trailer park, Jimmy broke the silence again. “You really don’t take anything for yourself, do you?”
“You better be hard again by the time I’m open,” Dean mock-threatened and spread his legs a little more in anticipation.
Castiel gulped but did as she was requesting. “Welcome to my home,” he finally said, waving an arm around to indicate the trailer. “To what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?”
“No, it doesn’t.” Castiel glanced at Dean. He could understand why losing him might hurt, but this whole operation seemed too convoluted for just a bitter ex. Maybe that one forged document was not the only item they had to set Dean up as their fall guy. Castiel didn’t want to alarm him, but he’d heard of Alastair and from what he knew, this could turn into a very complicated, lengthy investigation.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel sighed in wonder and Dean flushed from the praise, feeling like he could stay just like this—in bed with Castiel, touching him, licking him clean, feeling his body warm and flush against his own—forever.
Now that they’d killed the Kraken, he was more optimistic about their future. What else could there be?
“So, I tried the community tea today,” Dean started and Castiel paled, briefly looking stricken before he caught himself again.
“You can always leave,” Castiel offered. “The doors are open for you.” It would make his life a lot easier if he could implicate her without her being around to notice.
Cas waved him off before grabbing the cookie, his whole face lighting up when he realized it was still warm. Dean couldn’t help but mirror the smile. “Thanks,” Cas replied and then took a large bite and moaned around his mouthful of warm cookie. It made Dean want to do a lot of things, one of them was eating a cookie himself. But he didn’t work as hard as Cas and it would only land on his hips. He’d already had some cherry pie with lunch. And much as he loved his job, it was way too full of temptations.
Dean laughed again, feeling lighter than he had in a long time. “I’m gonna call them and have them retract your bonus. You’re suddenly bad for my work ethic.”
