Tony blushed and so did Steve.
"Tony, me and Bucky are sorry for what happened- at uh- we are sorry for everything that happened between us. We wanted to apologize because we've kinda realized something, that changes a lot." Tony furrowed his brows.
"What's to thank Doll?" Bucky smiled. Tony looked up.
"I know it's been raining, Tony. I was hoping that you were in your workshop. I'm coming up, then we can talk." Tony honestly didn't want to talk, he made him hurt more thinking about it.
"You're not kicking me out of the avengers are you?" Steve's chokes.
"Oh my god- this is officially embarrassing!" Tony hid his face in Steve's shoulder.
"Bucky! That was way too rushed!" Steve lightly pushed Bucky's shoulder.
That was a low blow. Again, Tony was an asshole, even in his own thoughts.
And slides his fingers over the green.
Pathetic. He was pathetic.
Another voice was heard. And it came to Tony attention his eyes were open. He took a gasp of air and lifted himself up and grabbed to the nearest support. Again he was pathetic, he relied on people too much.
"Tony- you are right. You are so much more than fucking precious." Nat kissed his forehead. "We're all just some fucking idiots." Bucky chuckled, the vibration gong through Tony's body.
The day was surprisingly not sunny, it had been raining. The rain pouring and hitting the glass hard, to the Avengers compound.
"Don't say that. You're not, and I know you're sorry Tony. Me and Bucky both. And you call us by Steve and Bucky okay?" Tony nodded, though he didn't know what to say.
"Bucky! What the hell?! Tony he's just playing around, don't take his flirting seriously, though..." Tony looks at Steve, "He wasn't lying when he said that he like you, I've liked you the day I figured out the real you, which isn't that long but- Bucky here-" Steve smiles, "He's liked you since he saw you, he was like, 'oh- he's a doll.' And I laughed, but other than that, we wanted to tell you- it's okay to refuse us, but we wanted to talk to you about it. Because ultimately we really do like you Tony." Tony started to tear up.
Throw out the old and in with the new- as they would say.
"Doll, I take it to no heart ya' tried to kill me, I killed your parents, it only made since at the time. If I were in you're boots, and someone killed Stevie here and made it look like an accident and one day, boom it wasn't and the killer was me, I'd kill me to, or-er- maybe someone else- I wouldn't be able to kill 'im- but hopefully you get my point Doll." Bucky chuckled. He was truly really handsome, he was also a flirt for calling Tony a 'doll'.
"Dammit, Steve! Stop talking!" Bucky yelled.
Until it just went black.
"Hey, Tony? Me, Pepper, and Vision made some brownies, would you like some?" Wanda smiled at Tony, leaning across the table counter.
Natasha smirked, "You guys are cute." Tony laughed.
Tony smiled, turning to hug Bucky too.
"Shh- it's okay, you're okay, doll." It was Bucky. Bucky was holding him. Tony sobbed, he was confused, why would he hold him? Was it pity?
Tony could hear, a echo-y sound of banging and yelling. His vision was still blurry but he could make out the low gleam of red, meaning someone was trying to get in.
Tony was a sorry man, he may not have said out loud- but he was sorry for being there and hurting others, and hurting. For being alive.
Tony's head was lifted up and his head was on a cushion of softness. Tony sobbed.
Tony cried harder, squeezing his legs even harder, he couldn't hear anything other than his wreaked breathing and the ringing in his ears.
Tony started to kick and push his arm out to grab onto something. Tony kicked the table away from him, and the couch was pushed away, and his vision was turning white.
Tony lifted his head and tried to open his eyes, but his head was just brought back down to Bucky's shoulder.
Tony sobbed into his legs. God he hated who he was.
"We wanted to talk to ya', to get sum' thing straight- kinda." Bucky grinned. Steve punched Bucky's thigh. "Ow, ya' jerk face! That hurt!" Tony smiled.
Tony's head was pull back, "Enough Buck, we should let this happen another day. Tony? Would you like to join our very small walk to the kitchen?" Tony nodded, dazed.
"Uh Uh, Doll. You're staying here. Also, Don't be sorry for an attack. Like Stevie here said, 'we're happy to jus' have you okay'." Bucky smiled.
He was trying to breathe, but his chest felt heavy.
"Well, wake up. There is a meeting with the rouge avengers. You need to get dressed and head over to the meeting room. And Tony?"
It wasn't. They didn't know what he'd been through- what he'd done, hurting others, getting hurt even more, remembering everything that basically hurt him more was than one.
Tony hides himself back into his knees and feels himself break into himself.
"You didn't do anything. And also no need to apologize. We actually- we wanted to have a chance to talk to you, we've just- uh-" Steve blushed lightly. Captain America was blushing in front of Tony Stark, what other surprising shit was to happen today.
"Thank you, Steve. I'm sorry, I should've been here- here for Tony. I knew these happen every time it rains." Peppers voice was soft and hurt.
The tears falling, making him sob.
Tony looked back at Steve and Bucky. He decided to look down at his thighs instead.
Tony hadn't noticed his eyes were closed until he couldn't see but feel two pairs of hands on him.
"Tony, you're too precious." Tony could hear Natasha say it with a lot of belief in her words. Though, Tony didn't believe it, he didn't believe he was worth being worth that much.
Tony sat in the common room by himself. Thinking over some things. His mind couldn't go without thinking about something's unless he was of course- dead. He wasn't. Clearly.
His attempts to distract his mind and body from hurting, they were just poor attempts. Tony hates the rain, he hated the fact that it looked sad, that it would bring his mood from a confined feeling of hurt to the overwhelming feeling of hurting.
Another rush hit Tony's gut, a rush of warm hurt that made his eyes burn, and his hand shake. He hid his head into his knees, letting the tears drop.
"Boss, please give me the order to open the door..." Tony ignored FRIDAY. If the universe chose to make today his last day, it was a long, okay lived life.
"Di-di-did-didn't me-mean f-for thi-this." Pepper rocked his body back and forth.
"You didn't do anything Tony, you just had a really severe attack, nothing is wrong with that, we all have them. You just happen to have one of the worst ones. We're all just happy to see that you're okay." Tony's eyes let tears drop from his eyes.
Tony groaned, but it sound more of a exhale of breath.
A whore.
"Tony? Are you sure you were asleep?" Tony made the third noise of agreement, hopefully fooling Pepper.
Everybody groaned at Clint. Earning a 'What?' From him and a Tony off of Bucky's lap. Not to mention a glare from Bucky.
"Is this we're the meeting is?" He looked over to Tony and smirked. "When did this turned into a freaky place to just do that?" He laughed.
"Stu-stupid." He sobbed harder, he felt Pepper tense.
"I know things have been hard, but- maybe this meeting will make it better." Tony could hear the plead in her voice, maybe she wished for Tony to behave. Tony would.
Another rush of depression rushed throughout Tony's body, he was shaking now, he wanted to just die and not hurt anymore. He wanted the world- universe to cut him some slack. He's done so many fucked up things- they probably think he doesn't deserve it.
Other then the people previously said, nobody had cared enough to say or even look at Tony with a once of kindness or awareness. He was like a closed off bubble that would eventually pop, so they just ignore him and pay attention to the newer, freshly blown bubbles.
Steve, Tony's friend. Or- well was, Steve was kind and a powerful mascot to the world. The worlds greatest avenger. Bucky, Steve's best friend, he was a good man too, he was just used and tortured in the worst way- he deserved better and Steve has that better.
Tony knew it was his fault when the avengers eventually spilt. To be honest, when Tony thought about anything- everything bad was always Tony's fault.
Suddenly, Clint walked in.
Pepper knew that it wouldn't work, he was a fuck up. Rhodey became disabled because of Tony's hurt feelings. Peter- well nothing happened yet- it's never too late though. The rouge Avengers- it wasn't a surprise if they hated his guts- he'd join their poll to bring himself down. Maybe he'd just get Bucky to finish the blood line.
Tony could hear FRIDAY try to talk to him, but he could barely talk, as well as breathe.
There was a few moments that he would lift his head to reach for the small glass of Whiskey. His blood shot eyes, puffy from the added rubbing of his eyes.
"But? Bruce, he's-he's- What?!" She yelled.
"I am manly, and I'm not cute- you guys-" Bucky chuckled at the adorable blush Tony gave off, and opened the door to the Kitchen, letting Steve and Tony in first, before entering himself.
Tony stared at the window, watching as droplets would hit the window and hit others, that would fall into other until they eventually fell off the window and away from Tony's sight.
"S-s-Sorry." Tony whispered. A hand rubbed his back, and the other cradled his head.
"If there anything we can do, well do it. I've post phoned the meeting to next week." It was Steve. He had a sincerity to his voice, it was soft and kind.
Tony jolts up, at the sound of his phone ringing. Tony lifts his head up from his body barricade. He looks over to the table and looks at the caller ID. It's Pepper.
He hates himself, he hates Tony Stark. He hates everything about himself. And truth be told, when Steve and the other Rouge Avengers left, they had a right. Tony understood why he left, he was annoying, stubborn, and an asshole.
Tony stood up on shaky legs, Steve stood and placed Tony between him and Bucky.
It wasn't a new thing to think about suicide for Tony, he practically drank himself there. He was just too scared to let go, he loved to many people to disappoint them, plus he didn't want to be in the hands of doctors, telling him it was okay.
Days like these- were again- normal. The only thing different is that, Pepper wasn't there to rub his back and whisper sweet nothings into his ear. She left Tony a little while back, they had the talk- and they both thought it good for a separation. They were right, Tony loved her as a friend, and she loved Tony the same.
Everybody should just hate him so that it would be easier to just stop the hurt.
"Okay, pep. I'll see about it, what time?" There was a silent sound breaking between them.
"Every-every-time it rains?" Another voice rang. It sounded really hurt. "That's been this whole week, God- now I feel like shit, God Tony- I'm sorry." It was Natasha. Tony sniffled.
Also alerting the two soldiers that had worry all over their faces.
"Um, thank you Bar-Bucky. That was well-" Bucky Laughed, it was something else.
Tony's vision burned, he looked up at the ceiling, glowing red.
"Got That right. You okay, Doll?" Tony looked into Bucky's eyes, and saw that it showed some happy gleam in them. It was calming.
"Wait, what? You bet on me?" Natasha smirked , while everyone else tensed. "Without putting me in the bet, you have some nerve Nat." Tony grinned and sat beside Natasha. Leaving the two bulking soldiers kinda confused.
"Not-I'm-not." Tony's breathing was steady, but his eyes still cried, and not to mention into Bucky's shoulder. Also, while Tony sat in Bucky's lap like a crybaby toddler.
"No-Pepper- please, it fine. I'm fine, I was really sleeping." Tony's voice was horse, making him wince at how wet he sounded.
Sure, Tony had things that made the hurting less unbearable. Like, Peter. Tony loved him like a son, he reminded him of when he still had a bit of innocence and love for most things, but slowly his Father broke that down- following behind had been the people he helped so gratefully. Other than Peter, there was of course Rhodey and Pepper. They were his best friends, sure they had ups and downs but that's what made their bond stronger than ever.
Tony's mind went from thinking about Steve and the rouge avengers to his father.
Truth be told, it wouldn't surprise Tony if the universe proclaimed it hated him, hell- he hated himself.
"Fri? Did you open the door?" FRIDAY chuckled.
"You guys are so cute." Both men audibly squawked.
Bucky sighs. "We wanted to say that we like you doll, though it might not be the most appropriate time, we wanted to tell you- to help you be happy a little- if that's what it's doing that is." Bucky smiled. "Or if that's what you want, because certainly, we want you, in more ways than one." He smirked.
"I-I don't know, if we can get him stable then, yes." Tony knew Pepper was going to say-
Tony picks the phone ups with shakes hands.
"Jus' hurry up now." Tony chuckled at Bucky's grumble.
If Tony has regretted anything, it was the fact that he was just so put on the fact that Bucky and Steve were almost lost again. Because of Tony. A friendship ruined because of Tony.
Tony feels two fingers under his chin lift his head up and suddenly he was starring into steely blue eyes.
Tony reaches out to nothing, hoping something would help him breathe. But Tony only collapsed onto the ground, on his hands and knees. His breathing becoming none, he clutched his shirt over his ark reactor. His face fell onto the floor, being only held up by one arm, and his body being exhausted.
"I'm-I'm-I'm So-sor-Sorry." He sobbed. She hushed him and hugged Tony's small frame.
So when Tony had a panic attack a few days ago, his only means to calm down were the equations in his head and/or the machines that Tony sprints days in a row to work on.
Sure, Tony has had prescription Anti-Depressants before, but it caused a reverse effect on him, and led him to nearly taking the whole bottle at once.
Yep, that is what they are... Family. A big messy Family.
"Um, I can see why but everybody in this room is cute, especially Brucey-poo!" Bruce blushed and tried to hide behind his glasses, but was just putting him out there instead.
Tony noticed that everyone was gathering themselves and heading out the door. It kinda confused him. Only kinda.
Maybe they could've at least do the job for him, other than being a pussy.
"Hold on a minute you three!" As Tony, Steve, and Bucky entered the kitchen they stopped at the stern voice Natasha boomed.  It became an uncomfortable silence until she grinned, "It's happening isn't it? Eeeek! Yay! I've been waiting for this since those two dorks came to me about some advice." She suddenly turned to Clint and Wanda, "Give me my fifty dollars fuckers." She laughed as the two begrudgingly pulled out fifty each and handed Natasha the money.
"More than messed it up, it was a failed mission, good luck next time solider." Steve smirked. He fucking smirked.
"I know right?! They said they weren't and turned it on me!" Natasha chuckled.
It were times like these that Tony's mind wanted to replay every bad thing that happened with his life, with him. His body and mind constant reminder of how much a fuck up he was. Usually the Whiskey or Scotch would back the thoughts out, but Tony had gained an immunity to the alcohol.
Steve chuckles, the rumble of it vibrating through the solid of his chest—his
"No, Tony," he gently intones. "Like this." He guides Tony back into position.
The alpha’s gaze is piercing, growing more hungry by the second. Then he is covering Tony’s hand with his own, uses it to pull him in even closer, and speaks with a feeling of finality that settles over them both:
needs to be the brains in this operation. You're already brawny enough, therefore I am the brain."
It’s such a massive change in his countenance that it gives him more charm, offers a different brightness to his face that makes the alpha more alluring than before, more mature in a way that makes Tony—for the first time in his life—feel his actual age.
If he weren't so excited by this newfound knowledge, he would have been intimidated by it. But nope, here he is, back in the same hormonal-filled-head-space he was in earlier. He thinks of the shirt clinging to Steve's chest—which is now hidden from view by Steve’s thick coat. And perhaps he had one too many whiskeys, making him bolder than he is, since he finds himself standing in the alpha's space before he even realizes it.
Without a doubt, of course.
Likes him.
He likes this.
Tony has to smirk at that; if only he knew. “Old enough to buy and offer,”
If you see any grammatical errors or misspellings, please let me know down in the comments. Much appreciated.
hasn’t kissed him yet is beyond
He thinks, which is ridiculous because obviously Steve wants him. If he didn't, they wouldn't be here.
“The opportunity was there?” Tony continues. “I literally laid there all ripe and ready. Like some forbidden fruit. So why not?” his words sound accusatory, something he doesn't intend, but it comes out that way regardless. The Alpha’s face flushes further, his mouth opening and closing, looking on the verge of response but Tony cuts through it. “Is it me?” he muses aloud, “if it is...I can pretend to have a heat? If that’s what you’re into?”
“That, Professor Broody, we both can agree on.” He accedes, his smirk becoming a full-fledged smile.
she had told Tony, her happiness evident. Tony said nothing. He didn't want to be cruel, not when he hasn't seen her that happy in a long time; his resentment not as strong when it comes to his mother.
Tony learned that in boarding school. It was mandatory in Sex-Ed, especially among young, hormonal Omegas curious about the biological transitions taking place within their bodies.
After a long studious moment, Tony gathers enough courage to ask, "hey, uhm, not to be eager or anything, but...aren't we supposed to?"
It's still not comfortable, let alone calming, but he stays himself. If he continues to fidget Steve will know and probably break off their agreement. He can't have that, not when he is so close. Tony just needs to search for a pliable way around this...
Then Steve is pushing a finger into him, past his slick and right into the tight wetness of him, immediately curling his finger and rubbing a spot that makes Tony see stars. He rubs once, twice, and then Tony is cumming, hard.
The warmth within his ribs increases when he dreamily looks over at Steve.
It shouldn't turn him on—it's wrong, wrong,
“You were day-drinking alone on a Wednesday,” he jests, rather accusingly; a single brow rising.
"However that expression goes," Tony continues in a groan, dragging his mouth across Steve's collarbone and closer to the Alpha gland. "I want to...Steve, I want to try to..."
it? Confusion weighs on him, along with it is a light stream of unnamed warmth twining within it. He needs to know.
"I have never—and I swear on Jarvis' cooking, I’ve never experienced
"Steve,” he groans. “I-I can’t! I’m going to—“ die? Implode? Suffocate? Obliterate into a thousand pieces?
His dilemma must've lasted a long span of moments because by the time he turns around, he spots Steve pushing through the motel's doors and heading back toward him, all tall and alpha-like, somehow gliding with a grace that contradicts the mass of him. Tony's gaze drops to the distinct glint of a key held between his fingers, catching light between sways.
How would Steve’s mouth feel around his cock?
"Fuuuuck," Tony keens, back bowing, his skin flushed and molten hot like a star on the verge of collapsing in on itself.
No, back to the point. To his question. His very
He is close.
He just needs a second to adapt, to mold into the room and what is represents. His mind is simultaneous and quick though, fluctuating between a blankness and ruminating over what might transpire. He has witnessed enough in movies, heard enough from pupils. Heck, even
Did he always want him this much?
He feels like he is being pulled toward it. The euphoria within sight, his body readying for that sweet release. So, so
It’s driving him crazy.
“Look at me,” Steve commands, and Tony, lost in a daze—wasn’t even aware his eyes had fallen shut—peers up at Steve.
but he’s had a similar day involving his father. He isn’t sure if he wants to divulge too deeply of his own personal reasons for being here—on a good day he wouldn’t be caught dead in a place like this—but the severity of his predicament has him on a mission, and he has found himself a target. What’s left to do is buttering up said target, inform him of the present issue plaguing his mind, then of course: the proposition. He just doesn’t know where or how to begin.
He is nervous for Steve's answer, but pleased when he spots a tinge of pink climbing the slope of Steve's cheekbones. He wasn’t aware the Alpha can blush, up until now the man appearing sure of himself and not capable of being embarrassed. He did say Tony was irresistible.
Jenny's Alpha came. He came a lot. He took it one step further and even
matching the ache between his legs, his prick already standing at half-attention.
Tony pants. He wants Steve to devour him, to eat him whole, to be nothing but an empty carcass by the time this night is over.
In the books it is sweet and romantic, fictional, while reality teaches that Alpha's are meant to be serviced without question. They are top dog, best among best. Although the book Tony read with domineering Omega Bradley and his detective Alpha was a rare gem, it is hardly the norm. Don’t get him wrong, he’s sure it happens. Rare as it is. But Tony grew up beneath Howard’s thumb and has been told since as long as he can remember what his duty to his Father’s company was. It is what Tony has been taught in the classroom, and what he's come to expect as his so-called-duty being the Omega to an Alpha. But Steve... again, he makes Tony uncertain. The Alpha didn't demand he present on his knees, but instead gave him pleasure. He didn't even try to mount him or anything—didn't even
he says, which later becomes
Yeah. Discreet.
The finger tracing patterns into his skin halts mid-movement and Steve's eyes widen with shock. A moment passes before he finally sputters out, questioningly, “Tony?" which carries into: "No! Why would you even—Tony? No, I—" Then Steve is schooling his expression into something more stern, calmly saying
, he's not sure if he says that aloud, but from the telling tilt of Steve's lips, Tony is certain he did.
That is the whole point of this, right? To have this over and done with? So why didn't the Alpha just
If Tony was or wasn’t one of those red-beet faces, the world will never know, like how Tony may or may not have discovered Howard’s stash of Beta porn when he was fourteen.
The arms around him lift him from the bed, briefly. He feels like he’s flying, the cool air nice against his flushed skin. But then he’s being settled back down, the sheets beneath him drier than before.
He still feels like he is swimming through his thoughts when it finally registers
Time passes.
Tony’s scent spikes sharp and sweet, spilling heavier into the air and mingling with Steve's, creating a headier scent of sex and arousal.
a faraway thought echoes,
one, his exhaustion beginning to set in.
He gives Steve a small smile and takes the offered drink, sips it, realizes how thirsty he really is; and chugs it back, bits of water slipping past his lips and down his chin.
The cab-driver is a middle-aged man who talks with a thick, foreign accent. His frame average and obviously beta, nothing about him really standing out except for the Mets' baseball cap he wears, sparking conversation between him and Steve. They commiserate over the previous season, hoping for a more improved one in the next. Beyond that, the cab-driver doesn’t ask too many questions, staying within the perimeters of politeness; every now and then though, Tony catches the driver curiously flitting his eyes to him. Naturally.
And who was Tony to deny his impulsive side?
The alpha only shushes him. “It’s okay,” he whispers, before leaning close and laying a kiss against the side of his parted mouth. “You have nothing to be ashamed of, Tony,” then he's pulling down his last piece of clothing, completely baring him. "Nothing wrong with feeling your desires.”
Tony avoids his stare. "I just get really worked up when it involves..." he trails off, not willing to voice how unfair society is. How unfair it is growing up with an alpha father whom wanted an alpha son to continue his fucking legacy. And also that he's being sold and bought off like a fucking broodmare to
Tony snaps his gaze far away from the bed and fumbles—very calmly and collected, he may add, "of course I am, why wouldn’t I be?”
There is a bark of laughter that draws Tony's attention. He turns to his right, sees a bar with a patio lit with fluorescent's shifting into various soft colors, emitting the vibe of a late summer lingering in the first slow blink of autumn. There is a group of people gathered around a table, smiles evident and sharing merriment, no strain or worry visible. He wonders how it feels to be that carefree, to enjoy wine and food among friends and laughter. His envy is quick to rise, the want to experience that bleeding an all too familiar sadness within him; sudden, but not overwhelming. Not yet. Before it can reach to that extent, Tony makes a resolution that he will not
Steve glances to the front, mindful of their present company, before leaning closer and whispering, “says the rich boy who went out of his way to stumble into a bar all the way across town.” A matching smirk rising on the man's own face.
like that. He shoots against his stomach in thick ribbons of cum, still rocking against Steve’s face, riding the waves; Steve continuing to rub at the sweet spot inside him, drawing more slick and pleasure from Tony, completely soaking the bed beneath him.
So here is my attempt at an ABO Stony fic! I hope you guys enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! And please, if you see any incorrect spellings or errors, constructive criticism is greatly appreciated!
“Dinner! Sure, Capsicle! Just let me change into my sweats- or wait, you look fancy? What’s the occasion for the nice threads?”
The shocked silence was deafening. Tony broke it first. “Don’t worry. I’m not sure how you got my number, but I’m glad I got to help you out. Let me know if there’s anything else you need, truly.”
Between that, and catching the sound of a pencil scratching against paper, Tony realized his Master was doing art. He flushed a bit, but was too deep in enjoying the pleasurepain of the situation to really be too embarrassed by it. Besides, it wasn’t the first time one of their scenes had become art. Tony let himself drift on the feelings. He could tell he was making wordless sounds of pleasure as he thrust against the special chair, but nothing really mattered. His Master was happy and he was lost in the feelings. Everything was perfect.
Still, he was almost glad it had taken so long to find the time. Thorough research was absolutely necessary for this one. It wasn’t the first time he had a scene requiring research, but this one, well, he had sprung for some classes on the days off that he hadn’t shared with Tony.
His pet was in for a real treat. Steve took a deep breath. Everything was ready. The dungeon had been cleaned, and the special chair disinfected several times. A light lunch was ready, and Tony was due home from a quick review of R&D any moment. Steve had told him that they were going to scene, but had left it a surprise, the only warning being that it was one that they couldn’t do without some time off.
But now the offer had been made. He couldn’t just forget that the encounter had happened, because he had promised more meals to Tony, and he wasn’t going to go back on that promise. Now to think of something to cook that wasn’t romantic. Nope. Not going there.
With perfect timing, Steve straightened from placing the collar as Tony walked in the door.  “Hi dear, how was work?”
“Yes,
The important question had come out, but now he had to wait for Tony to respond. As the seconds stretched on, feeling like minutes, Steve’s heart started to fall towards his feet and he felt his face begin to stiffen. Tony hadn’t moved since the question had escaped Steve’s mouth, and dread was filling Steve. Finally, Steve had enough of the silence.
It had been a while since they had time to really scene. Their work schedules hadn’t lined up with a day off in weeks, somehow, and they were both feeling the lack. Now, they had the next few days off together, and Steve was ready. This was something they had both wanted to try, but hadn’t gotten around to doing yet. Steve had wanted to do something like this for a very long time, but Tony was the first partner he had who was willing. And Steve was glad- this was going to be intense, and Tony was definitely the person he wanted to start this out on.
“Thanks, Shellhead.” Huh. That was the first time he tried to nickname Tony, and he liked how it sounded, but how would Tony react?
“DAMN it,” Tony could hear cursing and fast breathing that sounded ragged on the other end. Shit. He’d see how many people used that tone, but maybe he should remove it from the phones in the next update.
As soon as he sat down, he pulled on the gloves. Steve might love the feel of his pet’s skin, but he was going to do this safely, and there were definite pleasures involved in that, too. As soon as the coolness of the rubbing alcohol touched his pet’s skin, the shiver that Steve saw run down his spine was exquisite. Then, he took a surgical marker and carefully plotted out on his pet’s back where he wanted to place the needles. At the first touch of the marker, his pet giggled and shifted.
When it was all done, the meal looked delicious, and he had managed to save some of the chicken fat. That would be useful for a later cooking experiment. Now time to see if it tasted as good as it looked. With a deep breath, he again headed to Tony’s workshop.
“Huh. That’s funny. Knew a dinosaur once who liked to give as good as he got.” Her smirk was knife-sharp and her green eyes glinted in the golden light of the hanging lamps. “Don’t tell me Wakanda has made you soft, Steve.”
“There are a series of tests we’ll need to do to check how well the arm has synced to your nervous system. Reaction time, grip, strength and so on. Things we can’t do while you’re asleep.”
, but she was, if prematurely, touched by the notion.
“Maybe too many jobs,” she said pointedly. “Have you ever heard of delegation? I hear it can be very effective.”
better. To start over from when they had first walked into the kitchen.
Ah. Well.
Fingers pressing into her pulsing orbital bone, she let herself settle for a few short seconds before sitting up straight.
Toni’s gaze slid to Steve and narrowed before turning back to Bucky.
There were murmurs of agreement and nods but Toni wasn’t one of them because she was too busy trying to ease the sharp pain that felt like shrapnel trying to work its way out of the muscle of her heart and there was a tingling sensation in her left wrist. She almost jumped right out of her seat when T’Challa placed a hand atop the one on her thigh under the table - and
Steve looked at his hands, then turned and looked at Bucky. “Was it, though?”
“Regardless of abilities. Regardless of all the tech in the world. Regardless of
Toni had never quite gotten over her...
But it was Rhodey who met Steve’s eyes unflinchingly, whose mouth was twisted in a slight sneer, something angry and protective and
And there it was, rising up inside of him. A fear, a directionless desperation. Fear for Bucky; fear for his friends, fear for Toni -
Releasing a shuddering breath, she rubbed a hand down her face. Before she could convince herself not to, she pulled out the phone from her back pocket, swiped her thumb across the holographic screen, then held it out in front of her to wait.
No one looked surprised and Toni wondered how much of that was Laura’s doing.
“I don’t know what happened between you and Sergeant Barnes or between you and Captain Rogers,” she said, and Toni felt her stomach swoop unpleasantly. “I
smarter than me.” Shuri looked taken aback and Toni got to her feet. “You’re fucking awesome, Princess Shuri. You were never going to be like me. You’re always going to be better.”
Rhodey discreetly reached for her hand and held it firmly in his.
For a moment she thought Hope would argue with her, would ask her that after everything she’d done to bring the former Rogue Avengers home,
And then-
would’ve been her next words but that might be pushing things.
Just once, just one breath of joy that lit up her face and brightened her dark eyes and transformed her into someone Bucky hadn’t met before.
, being able to write things in mid-air and have them displayed so clearly in her handwriting. But she’d gotten used to it; it felt a bit like magic and she pondered on how Toni must’ve felt the first time she’d made something like this. The first time she’d waved her hands like a magician and had things move or light up.
“Hi Laura.”
Rhodey grunted around a mouthful of rice.
“Something like that.”
She whimpered one word, just one.
They both knew what was on the tip of his tongue, what he wanted to ask but wouldn’t because he had
“I’ll have legal draw up the paperwork for a presidential pardon. Toni and Rhodey are meeting with Ellis in a few weeks to discuss this whole...” Toni felt Pepper’s gaze on her. “
Control over her abilities came easy, something Toni was immensely proud of her for, but Toni still received the occasional panicked calls from toilet cubicles or her school’s locker room after having gotten into an argument or after getting yelled at by a teacher, so it would be up to Toni to calm her down until one or all of her limbs returned to normal.
She scooted out of the way while Rhodey plastered his best military smile on and turned just as one of the doors of the shiny black Jeep she hadn’t realized was parked there opened.
“Yes you do.”
He screwed his eyes shut, fists shaking where they rested on his knees and she just wanted to reach out and make it stop.
“We’re getting you to a doctor. You’re gonna be fine, we just need to-”
She still read every message that Happy forwarded her, and took note of major incidents like
They’d eaten that up and pretty much looked past the girl’s supposed rule-breaking so that was a win.
“Fuck.”
understand your reasoning for their return; they were indisputably
“FRIDAY, what was that!” she shouted, popping her faceplate up and glaring at the gaping hole in the side of Spider-Man’s building.
“Hey babe. Heard you had a little - well, a
He stilled, his mouth shaping the beginnings of a word before he seemed to think twice of it and cleared his throat awkwardly instead.
Toni was poking at a slice of apparently vegan french toast - one of Kamala’s many strange culinary endeavors - when Stephen came into the kitchen and sat down opposite her, Cloak fluttering gently behind him.
. It’s so much bigger than what happened between all of us. We’re trying to make
and one who had no obligation to let him stay. He swore, eyes squeezing shut. “Shit. That was not- Shit.”
Perhaps one day he would.
“Or maybe,” Laura spoke gently, “that cog was perfect. And so were all the other pieces. They were just moving a little out of sync because they were too used to working for their own little individual machines and agendas as opposed to something that was meant to be bigger and better.”
“I know,” he murmured miserably, wiping a hand down his face and expelling a harsh breath and never feeling more
“Right. Yes.”
“I...don’t know what to tell you that hasn’t already been said,” Toni began, subconsciously rubbing her left wrist.
T’Challa’s quinjet landed on the roof of the Compound right on the dot and Toni’s hands were
That was arrogant. That was really,
“He was one son of a bitch at Leipzig but gotta admit, dude’s got skills,” Sam remarked as Spider-Man gently deposited Toni onto a swing-like structure made of his webbing, before jetting down for the younger girl, who squealed in delight as he swung her up. But Steve didn’t miss the cautiousness in Sam’s tone and he could feel the weight of his gaze in his back. “C’mon, Steve. Let’s break some bags.”
. It’s all
Toni turned around again, slow but smooth like she was floating in water.
He frowned, picking them up between his fingers. Toni knew they didn’t look like much; to most they would’ve looked like a pair of bracelets, each one with a flat round disk for a pendant. Toni gnawed her bottom lip as he examined them, looking confused for a few more beats until the uncertainty lifted and his eyes widened.
“And what exactly are we meant to do with this pillow fort?” he asked, laughter coloring his voice.
. But Toni knew it would be a lie. Natasha’s loyalty to Steve and Clint aside, it was the
“You’ve been ignoring my calls.” He rounded on her and
“Okay,” Doctor Cho began after surveying her audience. “This is what we’re going to do.”
He gasped through his teeth, eyes suspiciously damp and nodded. Then Hope slid an arm around his back and led him out, mouthing a sincere
during those training sessions? When I see you hounding Nat because you wanna try something new? You’ve
“Do you think,” he said thickly, his mouth as dry as sandpaper, “you could get me a copy of those Accords?”
,” she snapped, slapping his hand away then grabbing it back again and examining it with laser-like focus. “I’m just,” she choked and sniffed, “I shouldn’t have taken away the suit. I was supposed to protect you and I was just running on fumes that day and made a shitty call and I should
“I was wondering,” she began, keeping her tone even. “The project that I’ve been working on with Vision these past few months. You’ve been passing notes and suggestions with him too, right?”
“Pot and kettle,” she retorted, but stood as well, hesitating for a few beats before making her way to the door in spite of the strangest feeling like she was forgetting something-
“What for?”
good in this world, this, she couldn’t fix for her. Helping bring Clint back was one thing but mending a frayed relationship went beyond what her genius IQ and hardworking hands could touch.
to accept.
“I’ll look through his records,” was all she offered. “If it works I want your tech. You can patent it, of course, but I want it for free. A joint venture. There are a lot of people deserving of this.”
as well and
It was a good speech, maybe a deeper insight into Toni’s true feelings when she wasn’t inundated by her own internal battles of betrayal, when she didn’t hate them all as much as she loved them.
His heart might have skipped a beat - or several - when she clasped his hand in hers while the other smoothed back his hair. That felt really nice. It felt familiar, like she’d done it before. Something about a Black Panther and a car and a memory behind a veneer of pain and confusion.
Steve snapped and she jumped, shutting her mouth with a click. "
my fault. All of it. But I’m going to fix it. I’m going to find a way and I’m going to fix it. I’ll fix
“If you want me to come with you, I will. It’s your choice.”
“I don’t know,” she told him truthfully. “At any given time it’s
Nat never really suspected Toni would have a soft spot for the younger generation. Harley Keener, what little Toni had deigned to reveal about him, was supposedly a hilarious smart alec that Toni kept in touch with and even went to see on his birthdays. Nat thought that was as far as her inclination towards children would ever extend.
I hope you all understand <3
“Physical pain is brief,” he finally said. “It does not linger for me. The Mind Stone guaranteed that.
Also, lol, are presidential pardons as easy as all that? In this fic, apparently they are.
There was a moment of silence filled with a kind of
Standing straight and stripping himself of all armor, Steve looked at his friends one by one.
she was smart. He wished she and Toni could meet. Toni would-
But she hadn’t. Because Laura was one of those deeply kind and generous people that few would ever come across in their lifetimes, and her happiness was the quiet but heart-swelling sort that seeped into every corner of every room.
Stephen gave her a withering look. “Lucky me.”
Bucky wondered at the level of detail Cho and Stark had put into this whole presentation and let his thoughts linger on the possibility that this was somehow intentional, given his
she might do.
for a fight and god, they couldn’t do this right here, not
I know I haven't replied to any of your comments but I will, I promise I will. I've just been extremely busy and finding the time to write hasn't been easy lately because real life has been very demanding.
“Dude, c’mon. Flight leaves in three hours. Stephen’s getting us breakfast.”
Bucky hesitated for something to say, then settled for dipping his head in a nod.
“I’m not going to say it wasn’t your fault,” she finally settled on, images of War Machine falling playing like a movie behind her eyes.
She gazed back at him with faraway brown eyes before her mouth curved into a tremulous smile.
Maybe she did. Maybe she knew
He looked up at Steve’s concerned face, then slowly unclenched his fingers, breathing in deep and discreet and feeling his heartbeat slow down back within normal parameters.
“I’m gonna bring him back for you.”
Once Kamala got back on her feet, stronger, healthier and
She and Natasha shared a withering look.
A note. He’d left her a damn
tickling her shoulder, cautious,
“I have.”
Natasha blinked, then frowned, then held her breath, blindsided by the non-sequitur.
knows tech as best as Toni Stark. Nobody.”
on Toni’s face, a funny smile working its way onto the corners of her lips.
Cooper inhaled a shuddering breath. “He said- he said h-he was gonna be right back. Said it w-wouldn’t take long. We were s’posed t-t-to go- to go-”
“You find him, Happy,” she ordered, already running out of the kitchen, and she could hear T’Challa and his sister following behind her. “You find him, god
“Steve.” He looked up into Sam’s concerned face and shifted over a little to give him room. “You okay? Okoye didn’t beat your super soldier ass too hard, did she?” he chuckled, but Steve could tell he wasn’t feeling it.
“She ballooned in the car on the way here,” Harley chirped, sounding way too happy for having saved a melting girl and driven her all the way from Jersey. “I almost crashed, like,
As always, any spelling/grammatical errors are my own.
Instead all she saw was black. Just black. And starlight. The edge of a galaxy and the start of one new one. Billions upon billions of stars, and twice as many opportunities of
Toni gave her a withering glare as Vision remained perfectly -
She chuckled mirthlessly. “Yeah. Because I know...I know that when I do...when I look at their faces...I know that I’ll see just how much I fucked up. And I’ll see just how much they hate me for it.”
The surprised sound T’Challa made was partway between a snort and an honest-to-god
“It’s made with Vibranium,” he observed. “Partially, at least.”
“But,” he conceded, “when I saw what was happening on the news I thought that Steve Rogers and his team were laughably ignorant in their blatant rejection of the Accords. And
.” Her hand gestured at the room and Toni followed the line of it.
They came to an abrupt stop at the treeline of the woods behind the Compound. “
because I’d
Toni cheered and clapped her hands at T’Challa’s genuine happiness. She was joined soon after by Pepper, Hill, Natasha and Vision. Rhodey gave an ear-splitting whistle and Hope gave a polite, if reserved clap, then set her hands back down on the table.
“Sorry,” he whispered quickly, “sorry, I—”
“Right. Pardons. That’s good news,” she declared, her head feeling foggy. She blinked it away. “There’s, uh. A lot to prepare for, then. We need to have those contracts sent to the others. And the most recent draft of the Accords. They’ll want to have a look.”
It had taken her a while to notice that the trembling only ceased whenever he was using his powers, and she wondered at that. Perhaps the flow of
. Only Uncle Ben ever used to call him that. He liked the way it sounded coming from her.
“We could’ve fought the Accords together too,” Steve couldn’t help but say and Sam nodded in honest agreement.
The bitter realization took the energy out of her legs and she vaguely registered the jarring of her broken arm in its cast and her bruised sternum as she landed on the ground, grass and hardened earth digging into her skin.
They stood around the TV as news of the pardons continued to stream as steady background noise.
He inhaled a shaky breath, feeling his eyes begin to water.
Bucky opened his eyes to the dim light of the biobed, the sequence still bouncing off the walls of his skull before dissipating entirely. It had been his twelfth session in the machine and his first since Shuri had returned from New York, her eyes wide and body thrumming with barely concealed excitement.
“You think it’s viable?”
She did. God she did. She was no better than St- than
Laura smiled wanly. “Blueberry pancakes it is.” She threaded her fingers with Toni’s under the table and squeezed. “After breakfast, okay? Not a moment before.”
Nat nodded. “That’s him. First time I’m seeing his face.”
The silence stretched as fragile and frayed as the trust between them and Clint couldn’t blame her. Not when he’d screwed up.
,” he repeated, quieter this time, the helplessness, the
Clint felt his face twist into something sharp and incredulous. “Why? They don’t
“I should probably let you know,” she said, and Bucky was momentarily caught off-guard by the abrupt change, “it wasn’t
Evidently not a drill.
Toni hummed then after a beat, drew her legs up onto the seat and turning away from the seemingly harmless piece of technology entirely to face Nat fully, a funny smile on her lips.
T’Challa arched a brow at her. “Was that too much of Yoda?”
person of all of them who deserved it. Rhodey had the most reason to be angry, to be resentful of the way things had turned out because Rhodey had always been so good,
He nodded, letting her entertain the notion that he was going into this with his big boy pants, even though he’d made his mind up months ago.
“You’ll get Ant-Man too,” she said, and there was a note of stubbornness in her voice. “Once you get him back.” And that wasn’t a request.
together.
“You had
“It’ll help me sleep?”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed. “Shoulda been us.” He let out a heavy sigh. “Do you think,” he began, mulling over the question he didn’t know whether he wanted answered or not. “Do you think she’ll call?”
“Oh, and, hey.”
“I thought so.” There was a brief second where he seemed to debate his next words. “But you can’t do it all from here, can you?”
She nearly smiled. The innocence of kids; when they knew something was supposed to be important but they didn’t quite get why.
Vision made to say something, and the particular stiffness with which he held himself would’ve expressed itself as sheer rage on anyone else, but Toni gave a slow, dark chuckle, wiping her hand across her mouth. It came away red.
The pained —
a machine. It still needs a power source which...oh, look at that. Roxxon hasn’t even built yet.” He clasped his hands on the table in front of him. “So what you’ve got, essentially, is...a piece of junk. Unless your boss can make his own, and I gotta tell you, there are very few minds in the world that are bright enough to build something like this. And last we checked, they were all accounted for.”
visitor this afternoon.”
Cooper scowled with no small amount of anger and
. I mean I don’t...it just seems like she would’ve had a reason other than Sokovia and Ultron. I don’t...I don’t
, and a sharp pain lanced through her chest, making her breath catch. Her hand made an aborted grab at the arc reactor but she managed to alter its course and tucked her hair behind her ear instead. Judging by the near imperceptible narrowing of his eyes he noticed anyway.
A moment and then,
“Yes,” she responded almost instantaneously, because now that they’d laid the risks out for the world to see how could they
That was convenient. Kill two birds with one stone. Remove the objects of Toni Stark’s distress at the same time and make it seem like courtesy. Steve could’ve shown him but he knew his friend well enough to know Steve wouldn’t leave his side just yet.
Six hours later Toni discovered more about Peter than she’d ever imagined and it only reaffirmed the notion that she had done good. KAREN had tastefully skipped past some of the more personal moments, and only shown her his multiple - and there were a
Natasha didn’t speak immediately and Toni would’ve gotten impatient had she not known that the silence wasn’t a way to stall, but a way to get her thoughts together. Even if she had the most impressive poker face the world had ever seen while she did.
“Wasn’t that long ago that I opened the door to a homeless-looking woman and decided to keep her.”
He didn’t want to let himself hope but his fingers trembled at his side,
You take a step forward. And then another. And then another. Because that's all you can do.
that he’d know what the world would think of them. Clint was logical and practical. He was a
“Yes,” was Vision’s weighted response as he draped a blanket over her shoulders and settled down next to her.
“We will
Toni exhaled sharply, her insides twisting anxiously. “That was the plan. I hope. I
“Hello, Vis.”
“I have not,” T’Challa said slowly, arching a brow.
The road that she knew so well.
Wakanda was unlike anything Steve had ever imagined. He’d tried to picture what T’Challa described; an illustrious amalgamation of sleek lines and technologically advanced architecture interspersed throughout lush green and yawning cliffsides. The reality far surpassed what his ignorant mind could conjure. Tearing his gaze away from the view had been no easy task during the flight over.
as well.
expression that kids seemed to be phenomenally good at and subconsciously copied her motions and traced shapes in the soil.
It was like a blow to the gut, the way it used to feel when he was five foot nothing and his reach practically non-existent and every fight ended up with him in a heap by some ripe-smelling dumpster. Strangely enough it felt like
Once again, Laura saved her from going too deep into that debate.
He smiled.
Then she’d hung up and Toni smiled a little to herself when a text came in less than a minute later.
Sam uttered under his breath.
. DODC’s, didn’t go down easy and who knows what kind of tech the would-be thief had on hand when Peter got to him. The fact that Happy had told her the guy was accounted for lent itself greatly to Peter’s skills but at what cost? What if he was
Toni always felt like shit whenever it happened, and crept back upstairs or outside or just anywhere
She’d gazed for thirty seconds, give or take.
made a heavy orb of lead sink into the pit of Toni’s stomach and the hair on the back of her neck stand on end.
“Toni?” she whispered.
T’Challa flew back moments after the news with a goodbye kiss to her forehead and a sweeping hug.
Toni gazed down at what was once a torn, bleeding mess and let out a hushed breath that was almost close to a laugh.
And for whatever reason Bucky knew so deeply that he did not want to prove her right.
Kamala beamed and wheeled over to them. “Does it work? How fast does it go?”
He breathed in slowly through his nose, another unnecessary human gesture. “There is...something I must speak with you about. A proposition of sorts.”
But it didn’t stop the sharp burst of
They all stood. “
KAREN had a sophistication that she’d developed all on her own. Back when she was just known as RIA, she and JARVIS got into more snark wars than she could count while FRIDAY played referee. RIA usually came out the winner but Toni suspected that JARVIS, who could spin words like a poet, just had a soft spot for her and FRIDAY was biased because she and RIA enjoyed ganging up on JARVIS.
But still, he felt their eyes on him, felt the weight of their stares from all sides of the room as they waited.
. The realization, the
“After all this time...why do you call her that?” she spoke -
There was no face to tell but Bucky had the distinct feeling that the robot wasn’t entirely impressed with him.
She jumped at Stephen’s demanding tone, her gaze snapping away from the red to look at Stephen.
“You are.”
In spite of herself, she felt the corners of her lips curve upwards. “You’re one of the only people who isn’t.”
Then she dipped her head - a gesture of respect, concession or finality, Toni wasn’t sure - and moved towards the sliding doors and back into the operating theatre.
this, needed
losing some of the stress on his forehead as he said “Hey, You,” with the kind of affection someone might greet an old friend with.
“Hope can take both of you down to one of the conference rooms. You’ve got people waiting for you.” Barton jerked but Toni resolutely avoided his gaze. She hadn’t had much of a chance to catch up with Laura and the kids in the two days since they’d arrived at the Compound but she’d seen the way Laura had grown increasingly resigned over the past few months the longer she didn’t hear from Clint. “Nat will already have explained this to you but your pardons put you on a probationary period for six months except in the most extenuating circumstances.” She paused and let that settle in. “Don’t waste it. Six months isn’t a long time.”
“—for Ross to find out in the end—”
…” She closed her eyes.
“It is interesting,” he said in a low voice, “that you believe the reason I have changed is because of Toni. Because you think she has somehow manipulated my thinking when in reality,
“And yet we were all copied into the email you forwarded to the Council titled ‘Appeal to Drop all Charges Against James Buchanan Barnes.’ How does a woman who counts on so little do something so large when she is keenly aware of how such actions will be interpreted?”
“Shuri will be here in a few weeks to oversee your first B.A.R.F. sessions. Will you be up for it?”
for her to endure. He saw her fingers clawed in front of her as if they wanted to grip the very last vestiges of her own strength just by
The smell of coffee - the instant stuff - made his nose tingle and he brought the mug to his lips, taking an experimental sip. It had been- He couldn’t recall how long it had been since he’d had coffee. During the war they’d had cheap, watered down stuff, just enough to offer the men something familiar, something from home. He took it black, letting the bitter taste roll around his mouth for a while before swallowing.
into the glowing discs as it fell, leaving the majority of the street and all the aid workers unharmed.
today,” she repeated expectantly.
in the space between them.
“It has to happen. One way or another, Toni. I’m a part of this now. You’re,” she bit off a curse, “you’re our
“Hello, Wanda,” he replied without inflection and heard her soft footsteps as she walked further into the room.
“Are you okay?”
“FRIDAY,” she murmured quietly, “snapshot this. As many as you can.”
“S’been a while,” he rasped and Bucky could hear the countless questions, maybe the countless accusations, in those few words.
here. I should be with-” He cut himself off before he could raise his voice in anything that may be deemed disrespectful to royalty. He sighed, feeling tired right down to his very bones. “Sorry.”
“Just a little. Wish me luck.”
She averted her gaze forward, still looking uncomfortable. “A lot of us weren’t sure what to make of them at first but they’re good kids. Really smart. Sometimes the boys even drop by for hand-to-hand training with the other recruits.” Her expression went wry, then. “And sometimes they break stuff and just make a mess.”
have been present in her or Natasha, but they hadn’t had a mission in ages and this felt like a final exam after skiving school all year.
Vision and Toni slowly raised their heads from where they sat, shoulder to shoulder at the kitchen table, identical blank looks on their faces.
She turned back, slower this time. T’Challa had a hand extended towards her, the worry on his face still present and now multiplied significantly.
“He is young, this boy,” he declared in place of a greeting.
Steve didn’t know what he’d expected, but it wasn’t the downward curvature of the corners of her mouth or the lines of tension around her eyes or the slump of her slender shoulders until all she looked was small. Almost as small as Toni.
Steve watched as one of the nurses helped Bucky lie down, then pull an oxygen mask over his nose as mouth.
Pursing her lips, she met Rhodey’s amused gaze and smirked.
“Are you well, Toni?”
How could he ever come back from that?
Her grin said it all and Rhodey was happy for her.
“An army.”
“Okay.”
Once Laura had deemed it safe to remove the cast and the plaster around her chest, Toni had proceeded to fix the pick-up truck within the span of thirty minutes. Then she broke it apart and re-did it from the bones up. She used a few components of the spare arc reactor she’d brought with her to give it an almost unlimited power supply. Couldn’t have a truck that may or may not take off into the air this part of town, hence the
But the woman didn’t wake and Laura watched helplessly as the corner of one eye glistened and her bottom lip trembled.
“He is,” Steve said, and immediately knew that it was the wrong call if the way she grit her teeth were anything to go by. He knew that look well. “We are.”
was all she could see.
There was an intimacy to his hours at twilight, just feeling the world around him with new eyes every day. In one of the recordings he had climbed on top of the former Avengers tower and just stared up at the full moon and
Longer than it would if she were the head of every single relevant international and political organisation. But alas, no one with any sense would grant her that level of power so.
Stephen sent Toni a
them. Nothing wrong with new blood and these folks’ve proven themselves more than worthy. The Panel thinks so too.”
Toni smiled back at her. “We’d’ve been lucky to have had you. And something tells me you would’ve been able to sell the idea of the Accords
It was worth it.
-and Sam had had to deal with it all because there was nothing that Bucky could say and neither could Steve.
“I do!” she shouted. “I do know. More than you ever could. More than
Toni laughed in spite of herself and nodded, watching Vision float back and forth inside the room from monitor to monitor, already having developed someone of a fondness for Kamala if his attentiveness to her comfort was anything to go by. He'd fluffed her pillows twice already.
She picked up the second power core using a pair of copper tweezers, inserting it into the round slot in his upper arm, clicking it into place. The arm lit up again almost immediately in streaks of blue and white.
back here is the first step towards defeating the enemy, whoever they may be.”
She turned away, her profile caught in sharp relief by the glow of the hanging lights. “You hurt her,” she concluded and the phantom hand around his heart tightened its grip.
. And while T’Challa had done the same, it was different because he was a
Anyways as always, thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed the chapter. It was a tough one to get through but I really hope it delivers. :)
“Three days ago.”
“We’ll do our best, Mr. President,” he said and Toni took a moment to admire the strength in his voice, strength that she could no longer scrounge up from her weak and battered body.
He asks for a bourbon with no ice and as soon as it’s given to him, he shoots it back just as quick. He notices a man that sits five seats down, staring into his glass with a lost look on his face, his brawn figure hunched over his glass.
Tony drags another breath into his lungs, staring at Steve in disbelief.
Steve pulls their foreheads together, their faces now only scant inches away that all Tony can do is helplessly watch as Steve begins to take him apart, piece by shattering piece, each thrust slow and deep and impaling. He hears the headboard thud against the wall in slow, sharp intervals that pierce through him.
He gasps, feels a twinge of pain, and wraps his arms tight around Steve’s broad shoulders, needing an anchor. Then another thrust, more aching and deeper than the last, the rigid length of Steve's cock stretching him to impossible standards.
Tony moans into it, his eyes shuttering close when he finds that heady rush again, swept away by a haze of alpha scent rising to his nose. The aroma increasing in its allure as he feels the swipe of Steve’s tongue against his bottom lip. He opens his mouth and greedily grants him entry, vaguely aware he is clinging to him.
He beelines his way to the love-seat and plops down, fiddling with the pen some more as he crosses his legs. It's convenient for his hands, stimulating the nerves threatening to bound off and let loose. Not for the rest of his body, he soon notices, unaware his toe was tapping against the carpet the second he sat down. He uncrosses his legs and leans to the side, his arm gracing the arm of the sofa, trying to smoothly fit into the cushion before crossing his legs again.
doesn't bother further with it, except that he cannot avoid the thought that if Steve's fiance were sitting in his place right now, she
He comes back to himself, boneless and tender, nothing but a puddle of sore, satisfied limbs melting into the sheets. He feels the wiping sensation of a cloth cleaning the mess between his thighs and almost hisses from it. The Haze isn’t as strong this time, some visceral part of him wanting to be present, a dopey smile pulling at his lips. He feels light like a balloon brimming with helium, floating high; a fissure of warmth curling into his chest, complete and utter contentment a pleasant thrum through his veins.
"Y-yes, I know," he quickly concedes, his mind miles away from what he was previously going to say, and clears his throat. "But the question remains: will you or won't you? Because I really need to know, preferably right now," he signals for another drink.
He braces himself, makes the effort to stay calm while trying not to panic. His imagination, of course, chooses that exact moment to run wild again; but Steve stops in front of him, and after a moment of Tony feeling deeply confused, waiting for something to happen, he sees the offered cup of water in Steve's hand.
The question throws Tony off, because it shouldn't matter, right? But Steve seems the type to ruminate all angles, no matter how round or sharp of a point they make.
His body must think otherwise, his thighs shaking and trembling, trying to close and pull away from the drowning sensation but Steve keeps him spread open and in place, vulnerable and helpless to his onslaught.
Tony pauses, looks over at Steve. “You’re quite clever,” he commends; maybe the alpha was more observant than he was giving him credit for.
"Beautiful," he hears him mutter, which makes him flush hot, and then Steve is lowering himself again, settling between his thighs, throwing Tony's legs over his shoulders. He lays an open-mouthed kiss along the soft skin of his inner thigh, proceeding to suck a love-bite into it.
"Did you drag me out here to give me an answer, Steve?" he asks, a little
to him. It hits him deep in his soul, but Tony wants to take care of Steve too. So he moves quickly, rolling Steve onto his back, a more primal part of him pleased from how easily Steve allows him to do so, the Alpha staring up at him from beneath heavy-lidded eyes.
For the longest time I’ve been wanting to contribute to the Stony fandom. I’ve read many Stony fics that have been amazingly well-written and served as a great source of inspiration. I have always written up drabbles that slowly transitioned into long chapters or fics I’ve always wanted to post, but ended up abandoning.
It’s not everyday he gets engaged and tries to break it off by sleeping with someone who isn’t his husband-to-be.
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR BEING SO PATIENT WITH ME!
Steve's expression is...it is...Tony feels like he is being devoured by the sheer intensity of it.
, he tries to say, but it's too breathless, and propels his hips forward, his cunt glove-tight around the alpha's cock; the swollen head of his own prick leaking with pre-cum.
There is a burning flame in Steve's gaze but the Alpha does nothing, seeming more relaxed than anything.
Steve's hand returns to the small of his back, Tony noticing how well it fits this time, like puzzle pieces slotting together; the warmth of it verging on searing, tempting Tony's focus.
inside him as Steve pushes to the hilt inside of him. He tenses so quick like a rubber band being held taut and stares wide-eyed at the ceiling, feeling the rush of slick that quickly follows; the onslaught of pain waylaying the sensation of Steve pulsing hotly inside of him.
This is supposed to be conducted secretly and safely, in the subterranean beyond the moving world and far away from eyes that would recognize Tony. And yet, it doesn't stop him from being disgusted with the tiny stains littering parts of the seat’s leather. Tony attempts to not examine it too closely though, choosing instead to keep his limbs close, sitting prim and proper like how his mother taught him.
. A moan forces out of him, much like the air scrambling to fill his lungs, and Steve, signifying that for encouragement, begins to fasten his thrusts; setting a pace that breaks the dam inside of him, a mantra of Steve's name spilling past his lips.
"Why?" Tony blurts out.
The lump rises in his throat before he can stop it.
And then—he
When he isn't being broody or trying to drown out his sorrows, of course. But even then Tony felt himself being pulled toward him.
He glides into the shabby old bar, notices the alcohol-stained tables and booths that cling to the sides of the walls; the weathered barkeep shining his glasses into pristine, translucent cups that look cleaner than the whole place combined. The floors are a dark oak and the chairs ricket and creak as they scrape against the floor each time someone moves to get up or sit down. There is a jukebox in the corner playing some old country song Tony doesn’t know.
This is all porn. Literally an overload of smut. I feel like I dragged it on too long...but you know what? This is a PWP but with a little dash of plot. So 70% porn and %30 plot.
Steve is different. He is Alpha—but he is
Steve stares into him, imploring as ever. Tony recalls wanting to see into the Alpha’s soul but now Tony feels like the roles have been reversed; his layers being stripped away, feeling incredibly vulnerable beneath Steve’s gaze. How does he do that?
The urge to close the curtains makes his hands tingle, so he does, following the impulse without thought.
His vision whitens out.
"Fuck," Steve groans, voice thick with desire.
when I eat that shit. Think of it as a final 'fuck you' to big ol' da?"
They take a cab and it’s a lot of convincing on Steve’s part to actually get Tony to agree. He acquiesced after Steve persuades him that
“Can I...?” the question falls silent but Steve smiles warmly at him in encouragement.
That's the kind of Alpha Tony is familiar with, and he is certain if Steve were pulling an act, Tony would have noticed from the get-go. But Tony had approached
"But first," Steve whispers, his only warning before he sweeps a hand down his chest and past his hips, heading straight between his thighs. "you need preparing.” A thick digit probes around his folds before pushing into him, the way eased by the slick dripping out of him. It shocks Tony, same as before, has him clenching tight from the sudden intrusion. Steve groans, mumbles something
He isn’t certain how much. It all feels hazy, but then Tony is blinking up at Steve, his daze from before slowly relinquishing its hold on him as he resurfaces. Soon as he feels settled back into his own skin, his mind his own again, Tony opens his mouth and says:
The kiss turns desperate within seconds, as if they had never pressed close like this before, Steve thrusting his tongue in and out, mimicking the earlier use of his finger's. Tony moans, his inner muscles clenching from the memory. It goes on forever until the need for air becomes too much and they finally pull apart; Tony fluttering his eyes open, breathless, and sees Steve staring back at him with such lascivious want.
Tony nuzzles Steve's jaw, inhaling his Alpha scent. “What’s on the menu?”
He can still feel the lingering effects of his orgasm, his limbs too lax to even entertain the thought of doing more. And yet, it doesn't stop his body from reacting, from hungering.
“There we go,” she said without looking at him. From what he’d experienced so far, she was very conservative with those moments. “FRIDAY, can we can give those folks in the doghouse a closeup feed?”
“Must you speak like that, FRIDAY?”
Vision clasped his hands together. “I wouldn’t expect you to, Toni.”
that felt...forgotten. Lost. Half a story. Even less. And even less than that. And she knew,
She frowned, puzzled. “What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky licked his lips and looked down at her feet — she wasn’t wearing any shoes, just a pair of mismatched socks and one of them looked like they belonged to a man.
Peter woke in moments and waves, coming so close to awareness, a bare second away from breaching the surface to consciousness, before being pulled under once more, his body and mind both getting pulled along in the undertow.
“She let me in. I was half expecting her to kick me out on my ass. I’d have deserved it. She misses you by the way. I have a line I use to call her and the kids sometimes. Totally secure. You can borrow it. Gave one of my magical phones to Barton but last I heard he’s being a little bitch. Nothing new there but you’d think his
“The Trouble With Tribbles.”
“Ten, nine...”
“However, I can tell you,” she continued, “that whatever...
She threw her weapon up in the air then caught it again. After a breath of a moment she handed it back to Shuri, who took it with a wary expression.
Almost an hour later, she sat back and gazed at the arm -
“Is it for everyone or just Rogers?” Hope demanded, her hands gripping the edge of the table.
“I was angry.”
“Listen,” she said, putting his hand down. He sort of despaired at the loss. “You don’t need to make any decisions now. Just. Get some sleep and we can talk in the morning.”
“Make sure I don’t do something like blow your pal’s arm off again?” she sneered. And after everything she’d already done, after everything she was already trying to do when she owed Bucky
Stark stared back at him, something old and weary in the circles under her eyes and the trembling of her fingers that she seemed desperate to hide. But he saw them.
Vision turned away but Toni suspected he was biting back a smile, and when did he become so human?
,” one man began angrily, “may I remind you that-”
In response Peter shot a tiny web out of his wrist that Harley caught with his free hand. He examined the sticky substance between his fingers.
“Well her legs aren’t leaking onto the floor anymore,” Peter said worriedly from his corner of the room where he was wringing his hands. “That’s good, right?”
Dummy made a noise as if to inform Vision that a few more days was both unspecific and too long.
. That she would’ve asked questions rather than just shut everything down the way Ste - the way
get asked why I never changed the name to Iron Woman or Iron Maiden or something like that,” Toni said, taking off her goggles and setting her tools down. “But Iron Man is the name the public gave me first. Not my fault they made sexist assumptions in the first place. Me not changing it was kind of a middle finger to the people who thought I should.”
It had been less than a day and she already missed it.
HYDRA had seen that in him and turned it on their enemies.
“We all know the Accords are necessary. But more than that I hope we all
he pointed to the Mind Stone — “gave you.
And giving it to Peter had been one of the easiest things she’d ever done.
“I want you to know, Ms. Romanov, that if any one of the Rogue Avengers steps out of line, if they threaten the balance and stability that Toni has fought so hard for, I will do what I must to protect her.” He stopped and gazed down at her with blazing blue eyes, and had she been anyone else she might have taken a step back in alarm. “My question to
for you, Toni.” She finally turned to look at him, feeling open and raw and so
“It’s like-” He paused to chew. “You’re thinking loudly. About a million things and you keep skipping from one topic to the next without finishing the one before that. Or it’s like when you have a conversation with someone and you stop halfway and finish it in your head then ask the other person ‘so what do you think?’”
“Councilwomen Ackerman and Ueno are the only ones who have gotten back to me so far but they’re saying that since it’s only an internal cleanup operation they don’t see an issue. Ellis dropped a line and told us to deal with it so we’re a go there.” Natasha’s voice was professional and composed and thank fucking god for all these people because her ability to think objectively had ended up on the wrong end of Thor’s hammer. In a more genuine voice she added, “They’re gonna wanna talk about Spider-Man, though, Toni. But I’m assuming you’ve already got that sorted.”
“The burn marks on the core does indicate that the frequency was raised too quickly. Quarters should be perfect.”
I've kind of been waiting to post this chapter since I first wrote it, almost entirely because of the first and last scenes. Also. Plotty things happen. Kind of. More notes at the end so I don't give anything away, lol.
Toni grimaced self-deprecatingly for the mere fact that she was in no way suitable to help someone through anything remotely emotional and because whenever she tried, she usually ended up making it worse.
“Next batch ready, Toni!”
Steve wanted to kick himself, wanted to close his eyes and swear out loud because
“Stevie,” Bucky said in a voice so small and quiet but so stubborn and firm that he knew he wouldn’t be able to change his mind. He’d no right to do so. “It’s my decision.”
Instead there was a giant, bright green sphere wedged in the side of the building, containing the explosion that seemed to be occuring at an extremely slow pace.
“Who else knows?”
like a wayward ship pulled back into harbor.
He understood her reasoning and the rationale but was still immensely grateful that for the arm, at least, he would have control.
“I did not mean to hurt you, Vis,” she said quietly, her voice barely a trembling breath.
Toni suspected that it was said with more than a little regret. Still. Laura was his
is...what will you do?”
“—just thought you should know. I didn’t want...I just wanted you to know that I know.”
“You look like crap, Stark,” Hope commented bluntly, but her eyes were narrowed in scrutiny. “When’s the last time you slept?”
Neither the Council nor the Panel were stupid but no one was willing to bring up how
That garnered the appearance of a crack in her already thin exterior and he saw something vulnerable in the worried furrow of her brows and the slump of her shoulders
She felt like crying.
She hadn’t even asked. It hadn’t even crossed her mind to ask because, well, her dad was a liar and a thief and she was almost entirely convinced that the Wakandans would shoot her on sight because of sins of the father and stuff. Although now that the secret of Wakanda was out - she’d been in the back next to Everett Ross and they’d traded suitably snide comments back and forth before T’Challa’s historical reveal, for which she and E. Ross had then tried to outdo one another in the volume of their cheers - and T’Challa had informed her somewhat about T’Chaka’s own mistakes, maybe they’d retract the shoot on sight order. Maybe.
, before making her way over to Toni and peering down at her work.
She would see the way his arms were crossed, his hands cupping his elbows. It was both Captain America and sincerely
It was about Sam, who tried even until the very end. It was about Wanda whom she wanted to help as much as she was terrified of her. It was about Clint who made her laugh but so easily spat her own hurt back in her face on the Raft.
of it. It’s for people who are a threat to others but, most importantly, people who are a threat to
Just as she made it to the door, Ackerman called out once more. “Ms. Stark.”
For that, Toni was grateful.
,” was the first thing that came out.
“Who’s the other kid?”
“I can see it,” Shuri replied immediately in a snake-like hiss. “Whenever we are in this room. Whenever you stop working for just a moment, I can see it on your face. I
In the end it had been Lila who voiced what no one else wanted to.
“People I know whom I believe the world can count on to protect it when the time comes.”
Cooper and Lila were helping her hang the laundry out back and Nathaniel could be heard playing with his blocks in the living room. With her children all accounted for, she finally took in Toni’s appearance from top to bottom with a careful, critical eye. A practical blue shirt she had managed to get her broken arm through, a pair of regular dark blue jeans and some muddy boots with frayed laces. Her hair was pulled into a short ponytail and looked like it had two days’ worth of grease in it.
“He’s certainly
Shuri do anything. And I think Captain Rogers has spent enough time indoors. A little sun will put some color back in him.”
“It doesn’t
Things are slowly coming together but grief and mourning go hand in hand with betrayal. In which Toni is Toni, Vision does his best and T'Challa may be the catalyst to a greater kind of glory.
He was looking at her with wide, almost angry eyes, one hand hovering in the air in front of him, like he had tried to reach for something only to freeze halfway.
they all moved in!” she declared a little wildly.
, her mind traitorously supplied. “
His throat worked as he reached out and took the phone from him. “Thank you. Thank you
kind.
“Should I really be looking at this? It seems a little private,” she said, lowering her voice and giving the sleeping woman another cautious look.
“Yeah,” she said, tracing the circumference of the arc reactor through her tank top. “For the most part”
Toni opened her mouth to answer, something nagging at the back of her mind, something dancing on the tip of her tongue, just out of reach.
“Yeah,” Toni agreed. “FRIDAY add it to the list. Put it in the top five.”
It was incredible to Laura. Her first time speaking to an AI and somehow FRIDAY had exceeded all her expectations of what artificial intelligence should sound and
Toni squinted at him. “What?” she asked stupidly as the debris seemed to fucking
better than I did.”
. This unraveling of trust, a form of vitriolic punishment towards Steve for what he had kept from her.
Ellis inclined his head, his expression benign but closed. The conversation was over.
and she wanted
Bucky rubbed his palms on his thighs, something he’d started doing ever since they began taking him in and out of cryo more often. He flicked his gaze from the TV to Steve.
. Because this kid, this
Now there would be more. So many more.
we don’t know if he’s hurt
It became a routine the three of them started to subscribe to out of necessity for the goal they were working towards and because keeping busy helped keep the nightmares at bay. At least for a while.
Charlie Spencer.
Toni stirred her straw around her juice. “I give you a free pass for that because you’re royalty,” she teased, but her smile faded quickly.
What excitement she’d felt at finally being able to speak to T’Challa face to face after almost two weeks was cut bitterly short when she skidded into a small conference room and took in his expression on the screen.
Toni studied him for a second, this guy who, like Peter, was brought into a fight without knowing the stakes, without knowing the whole truth. She imagined there were a few more worried lines on his face than there had been before he’d left.
They all looked at her, heard the undercurrent of heat in her voice.
Peter had constructed some sort of sticky net containing a dozen frightened civilians at a time and practically shoved them out of the gaping hole in the side of the building. She swooped by, grabbed the tail end of his web and ferried the traumatized group to the ground, letting the medics take care of the rest.
Toni lost track of time after that, she and Vision working to stabilize Kamala’s fluctuating vitals and find some sense of rhyme or reason to why her molecules kept deconstructing then reconstructing themselves. FRIDAY alerted the other Avengers and Toni nearly wept when Shuri ran into the room a half hour later, shrugging into a lab coat.
“No names in the field, Spider-Man,” Rhodey admonished as he brought down a bunch of civilians.
because Peter didn’t have the suit and this was
She left it at that, her fingers mindlessly moving across the touchscreen keyboard even as her ears were pricked for any sound of movement from behind her.
She averted her gaze and Steve placed a hand on his shoulder and guided him out after Vision.
“That look.” He gestured with his syrupy fork and scrutinized her through narrowed eyes.
“Toni,” he tried, shaking his head, because this was
“C’mon in, Wilson,” she said, stirring her now cold tea for lack of a better thing to do. “Laura’s waffles are legendary. Wouldn’t wanna insult her.”
“Don’t you have enough on your plate, Toni?” It sounded weary and knowing and the weight of her gaze was almost tangible. “I highly doubt I’m the first one to tell you this when I say you look exhausted.”
“I do not think that my father envisioned something quite so expansive. Nor do I think he realized the impact the Accords would have on the world.” He pinned the three of them with a long look that was somewhere between pity and regret. “We made mistakes the first time and perhaps extenuating circumstances exacerbated the issue beyond what we could have imagined.”
Shuri sighed heavily with despair and sagged in her chair, her head hanging over the back of the headrest.
Vision eyed the new suit, its black and gold sleek, sinuous lines, the hum of activated Vibranium coursing under the surface. It was the only suit that bore somewhat of a beautifully feminine silhouette and Vision wondered at the meaning behind it, what message it was intended to send.
Happy had driven him back.
A muscle twitched in his jaw but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t have to.
are allowed in the lab, got it? You get to sit in the observation room and
Steve thrived on routine.
Nat’s following silence was impassive but not dismissive. In fact it was anything but. Steve felt the shift in the air currents, the sudden hum of things they wanted to say but were doing their best not to.
He huffed. “
“During and even after Ultron I thought about humans indiscriminately. No one was more deserving of life or death than another. I believed that I felt equal regret if I was unable to save a child as were I unable to save a grown man.” He paused, dipping his head to the side. “I do not know whether it is a byproduct of knowledge or a result of the camaraderie that grew between those I worked with but I have found that there are people whose lives I would place above others.” Vision’s eyes glowed arc reactor blue. “Because I had in my mind rated Colonel Rhodes’ life above that of the average person’s, the fact that I had been the one to almost kill him made me feel as if I had failed him. He did not need to verbalize the sentiment for I had already come to the conclusion myself. So yes. It is...infinitely worse when tragedy befalls one of our own.”
Bucky gripped Steve’s shoulder with his one hand and for a brief, irrational moment, Steve had an ugly thought that Toni’s speech wasn’t for Bucky’s benefit at all but for
“You’re saying that a lot,” he noted dryly. “Don’t think I’ve ever heard you apologize so many times in one sitting.”
Her heart jumped into her throat.
do it.”
. She had no words; her mind was drawing a complete blank and she had
“Done, Boss. I have also been informed that representatives from Lebanon, Chile and Fiji have been added to the attendance list.”
She stretched over the side of the bed and dug around inside her bag for her tablet. Opening up the only document that mattered, she started to read.
was the right word - and panoptic stare.
Then Toni looked her in the eye,
“Hey,” she murmured once Shanthi had signed off. “You should get some rest. Early start tomorrow.” Not to mention that it would be the first time any of them saw the others since...everything.
That night Toni didn’t dream of snow. There was no sound of breaking glass, no wind blowing in her ears, no roar of fury. She didn’t dream of a desert either, or of a cave. She didn’t dream of Rhodey falling or of her hand just out of reach. She didn’t dream of a wormhole and an army. The names of all the dead Sokovians weren’t a constant mantra being whispered into her ear in a voice that sounded like Ultron’s, their faces screaming and asking her why, why,
“We’ll figure it out. It’s just another thing. Families go through it all the time. We’ll...we’ll figure it out.”
There was a mild, barely perceptible tremor as the quinjet landed on the roof and all of a sudden Toni felt her lungs cease to breathe, incapable of performing the one function they were designed to.
“You’re not asleep either,” she pointed out, her own voice coming out croaky.
“You’re here,” she cried frantically into his neck. “You’re here, I can’t believe you’re here, how are you
Everybody looked at Bucky who had doubled over, bracing himself with one hand on the head of the couch. Steve had been going to reach out to him had it not been for the grief-stricken look of
And then it was her turn. Because the people wanted her for something different. Always had and always would.
“No, it is not,” he agreed, watching the fighting pair below.
She was ‘Toni’ to Steve and ‘Stark’ to the others. There was an intimacy in the way Steve talked about her, a heaviness to his voice like the weight of a small bird held in the cup of his hands. Bucky had his suspicions about their relationship, but then he’d also seen Steve plant one on Sharon Carter so.
