Your own hands run the length of your body, covered in lube, and you cup your hands around your dick and pretend it’s his mouth sucking, sucking, sucking. He’d have his own dick in one of his hands, working himself as he lapped and sucked at yours. The other hand would be working its way to your ass. He wouldn’t let you touch him at all, and it would be torturous, your own fingers clenched behind your back. His baby blues would be constantly focussed on you, trying to hold your gaze, but eventually it would be too much.
“I’ll make you a deal,” Cas breathes in his ear. “I’ll drive you back to the bunker, and will listen to all your all wise instruction, as long as you allow us to copulate in the front seat of your car.”
Dean creates a pin board and hangs it on the dining room wall, covered in pictures and notes on facts and evidence. Lisa threatens to stop Ben from staying over if Dean doesn’t clean the damn mess up,
“Right,” she says, slowly enunciating, as if she doesn’t quite believe him. “Just type up a list of jobs you’ve had previously, any credentials you have, and why you think you’d be suitable for the job, and print it out and give it to me once you’re done.”
Dean laughs humourlessly. Suddenly the words are fighting their way through his lips, and he just can’t stop them. “D’you even know what you’re apologising for? What everything is? You left me, Cas. I told you I needed you, and you left me. Twice.”
“Where are you parked?” Cas says softly, wrapping his hand around Dean’s bicep. His voice is pitched low, the sound a comforting thrum against the razor-edge of Dean’s nerves, and his fingers are a grounding pressure through Dean’s coat. “I caught the streetcar here.”
Dean's headlights catch the body as he and Sam speed down the highway towards the bunker, a flash of dirty tan material and a wide-eyed face illuminated by the bright beams. Time freezes for a moment, reality bubble-wrapped and sticky and slow, before everything snaps back to place and Sam's yelling, "Deanfuckthat's-"
There are about ten people in the room, Lucifer and Cas included, looking like they’re in the middle of a weird Mexican standoff. Dean wants to laugh because it looks like a scene from a b-grade Hollywood movie.
This year, however, he’s busy in the bunker kitchen on Christmas Eve, glazing the ham and boiling the pudding with Cas, Sam, and Kevin crowded around the kitchen table as they discuss other religious ceremonies. Dean feels a surge of warmth as he looks at them, his family, familiar and warm in their shared space. Garth and Charlie are coming for food tomorrow, too. Sheriff Mills was also invited, but she politely declined, stating that this was one of the busiest times of year for her. Cas volunteered to come early in order to ‘help’, but all he’s done so far is drink too much eggnog and get frustrated over the ‘meaning’ of Christmas.
“I’m with you, as long as it’s the early stuff. Can’t beat Seasons 1-5.” Damn, hot and good taste. The dude’s too good to be true, Dean thinks. There’s gotta be a catch. He tries to stop himself from thinking about sitting on the couch with Cas with a beer in hand as Dr. Sexy plays on the screen behind them, but it doesn’t matter, anyway, as they’re hardly paying attention… he wonders how that quiet intensity Cas has would translate to sex.
He’s tried to address his implication in Cas’s actions when Cas and he have been partnered, but Cas simply beckons Benny over and requests that they swap positions. And again, when Benny is hunting for food, but Cas just ignores him then, too, peering off in to the distance, maintaining watch. It’s driving Dean fucking crazy.
Cas grins, tinged pink from the cold, mouth stained black from the wine. He looks gorgeous. “Sorry. You just have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that.”
“Uh,” Dean starts. The words just won’t come, though; they congeal in his throat, making it hard for him to breath, and he tries to swallow and clear his throat. “Daphne,” he manages. “Daphne Novak.”
Cas is going through all this now. Dean can see it in the set of Cas’s jaw and the angle of his spine and his downcast gaze and it
“I heard Hollywood’s hiring again, Bela,” he returns sarcastically. “Better shift your pretty little ass down there before they employ someone less wicked.” She laughs again, high and tinkling, and Dean wants nothing more than for her to shut up.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I’ll make this up to you,” Cas whispers, stepping forward, and Dean is confused, because it looks like Cas is gonna kiss him. Instead he feels the bite of a needle in to the flesh of his neck, watches as two blue eyes waver in front of him, but as he tries to yell out something muffles his mouth and he tumbles in to the sky.
Cas refuses to let Dean touch himself; insists on wrapping his own hand around Dean’s cock and stroking him in time with his thrusts. A blush begins to dust Cas’s skin as he moves closer towards orgasm, skin turning crimson across his face and chest. Dean comes first, his second orgasm more intense than his first; his vision whites out as Cas’s name tumbles from his lips, come streaking their chests. He kisses Cas afterwards, and that’s what sends Cas tumbling after him.
“I want to fuck you,” Dean growls in to the shell of Cas’s ear. “We’ll have to use a substitute for lube, though, ‘cause I’m not risking leaving this room for the good stuff.” He pushes the angel back against the countertop, stepping backwards to grab the olive oil in the same motion.
Mr. Right-hook backs away steadily, but Dean can tell it’s a distraction tactic: the guy runs forward and trying to land a punch. Cas blocks him in one swift, fluid movement, grabbing his arm and twisting until Dean hears the sickening crack of bone splintering. The guy howls, pulling away quickly, and Cas uses the barrel of the gun to hit the back of the crim’s head. He crumples like a ragdoll.
“You’ll have some bruises tomorrow, though.” Cas purses his lips and reaches for the medical tape. “Can you tell me your name and where you live?”
“Well, you see,” she continues, a bit sheepishly, “my youngest daughter’s done a lot of work with the LGBT community here - particularly with the legalization of same-sex marriage - and is bisexual herself, so she’d really love to hear about you two. You wouldn’t mind if I got a photo, would you?”
He’d had to convince him not to the wear the Santa hat, though. Half the time Dean’s not sure if Cas is actually socially clueless or just a little shit to spite him.
“Just drive, Sammy,” Dean mutters, using a bloodied hand to sweep the hair back from Castiel’s forehead. The car stinks of fresh blood, sweet and metallic like rust after rain, and Dean knows that it will take days to properly clean the upholstery. He doesn’t even care.
“We’re here,” Dean announces twenty minutes after they’ve left the bunker, swerving into a gravel car park. Cas sets him with that hard stare and doesn’t comment. They climb out of the Impala and begin the five minute hike in silence, Cas still clutching the box a bit like a mother would hold a crying child, Dean feeling like the tin man as the cans clink together in the bag over his shoulder.
And to top his anxiety off, he hasn’t heard from Cas in weeks - which means he can’t stop thinking about that damned angel in the ridiculous trench coat.
“I said: drop the weapon,” Cas grits out, barrel still trained on the assailant. The fedora perched on his head obscures most of his face, and he’s not wearing the usual trench coat; if it weren’t for the sound of his voice, Dean would have no idea who he was.
Dean felt like the opposite of a hero, though. The high of returning to see family could only last so long. No-one understood, back home – they didn’t know the horrors he’d seen, what he’d done himself, what baggage he carried as a result. He couldn’t talk about it, and instead went through the motions of everyday life without really
Cas tries to protest, “But, the tablet-“ as Dean leaves the room. He ignore Cas’s cries in favour of walking down the hallway in to Sam’s room. Of course his bother is curled up on the bed, dental floss and the bottle of whiskey caught under his arm. Dean checks Sam’s temperature and spreads a blanket over his sleeping form.
He swallows, tries to ignore those thoughts. This is right now, and he needs to keep the five remaining soldiers he has with him alive - apologies and self-flagellation can come later. “You’re doing great, guys. Keep going. We should be able to rest soon.” His voice is rough, cracked around the edges, but he manages to force the words out. Cas huffs behind him, sounding defeated, and Dean
Dean finishes his drink quickly and orders another, making sure he grabs a table where he has a clear view of all the exits.
A shit-eating grin twitches across Cas’s mouth as he turns the engine off. A moment of silence stretches between them, tension high, before he’s suddenly climbing across the gap between the seats and straddling Dean’s lap. “I apologise. Much like you don’t enjoy flying, I don’t like driving.”
A group of officers have made a perimeter around the corpse. Barriers prevent the press - and curious citizens - from getting too close. They’re yelling inflammatory questions and statements, as per usual, but Dean ignores them as he and Benny flash their badges and push through the throng.
“You,” Dean says on exhale, feeling his mouth slide into a grin. Cas sighs dramatically and strokes Dean’s cock again, slower and gentler this time, and Dean’s not so keen on joking anymore. “Yeah, like that, Cas; fuck.”
“To allow God the opportunity to witness your union?” Cas reaches out to touch a black vest, checking the quality of the wool. “Tax benefits?” He tugs it off the rack. “So I can be present at your bedside when you die?”
"Okay," Cas says. He stows it in the duffle Dean presented him with earlier, which is filled with what Dean calls ‘toiletries’ and a bunch of Dean’s old clothes, as well as some dried food and a bladder of water.
He starts with Cas’s hair, the soft strands sliding easily through his fingers. Cas feels the fingertips trail down, down, balancing over the delicate structure of his cheekbones, tracing the dip of his brow, the bridge of his nose, dancing along his eyelids, skittering along the edge of his well defined jawline. Each place Dean touches tingles with the absence of his fingertips.
“D’you you think a colour theme might work?” Dean says once they reach Walmart’s ‘decoration’ aisle. “Maybe silver and blue?”
“We’re not sure,” Dean says slowly, and thank god Benny’s kept his mouth shut so far, because Dean doesn’t trust what might come out of his partner’s mouth, especially considering the way Benny’s been eying Cas like he’s the next real-life Johnny Morrison. “That’s what we’re here to find out.”
“Fucking g-men,” Lucifer spits. Alastair flanks him, as per usual, and a bunch of other gues Dean Doesn’t recognise. “The Angels of Los Angeles against a group of ‘Demons’. Couldn’t get more poetic, could it, brother?”
Dean glances around. No one else seems to be paying attention to their exchange, which Dean’s pretty grateful for, so he looks back down at Cas. He swallows hard. “Uh, yeah, there was…”
Sam makes some sort of snipe, but Dean honestly doesn’t hear anything above the angry buzzing noise inside his skull. Cas inclines his head slightly, confused, clearly unable to understand whatever feeling Dean is currently projecting. Dean realises this could go either way; he could befuddle Cas further by acting possessive, by getting angry at Cas for something he doesn’t understand, or he could pretend that everything’s okay. That the thought of another person’s hands all over Cas’s body doesn’t make him want to throw up.
Dean comes immediately when he sees Cas’s hand wrap around his own cock, stroking himself in time with his bobbing head. It’s too much; he tries to let Cas know, but Cas just keeps sucking like it’s his life’s mission to suck Dean’s brain out his dick. His orgasm slams in to him. Cas grins at him, mouth well fucked and swollen and bright red, hair mussed and sticking up at all angles.
“What’s with the whole cop act?” Dean blurts instead as Cas turns away. There’s silence; Cas freezes for a moment, as if he’s bracing himself for something, but he doesn’t answer. Just presses some tape to the scratch on Dean’s head and levels his gaze back at Dean. Dean sighs irritably.
The guy was a badass for sure, but social obliviousness and loyalty to the point of recklessness were always more Cas’s style than overconfidence (the closest he ever got to the latter was possibly hubris, in the Greek tragedy sense of the word, at least). Dean doesn’t say anything, though. Sometimes it’s best to shut up.
like and change that. Work from there. I dunno. I’m trying. Small steps. Work from the bottom up, and don’t rely on other people’s love to complete you. Otherwise you just remain the same bag of problems and you’ll never heal.”
“Why should I trust you?” Dean retorts. “You could be whistling fucking Dixie for all I know. ‘Femme Fatale’, all right. I don’t put innocent men away just ‘cause.”
“You have any Vaseline?” Dean manages to mumble once the aftershocks have passed. Cas looks at him with wide eyes.
“You’re a little shit,” Dean says. This earns him another filthy look. “Keep one foot on the clutch and the other on the accelerator. We’re not getting out of this friggin’ car until you can drive her home.”
“Er,” Dean hesitates, caught off guard. Having Cas pressed so close to his body hindering his ability to think clearly.
Silence stretches between Dean and Cas, uncomfortable and grating. Sam was right - the tension hangs so thickly it's almost a miasma clouding above their heads, sticking against every word that is and isn't said. Cas stands by the door, looking dejected; shoulders slumped in that ridiculous coat with his huge baby blues trained on Dean. Dean refuses to look at him; instead he walks to the back of the dungeon and begins to inspect the handcuffs bolted to the wall.
“Woah, you can stop there.” Dean holds up his palms in surrender. “So you like, ate the fucking angel tablet?”
The next day, Dean drives himself and Cas to the nearest abandoned patch of open land he could convince Sam to find on Google Maps. He has a bunch of cans in the trunk he collects for stuff like this, and Cas has the box for the gun resting on his lap.
“Good, ‘cause I’m starved.” Dean rolls off the bed and stretches, arms reaching in to the air above his head. Before he can anticipate it, though, Cas it tugging on his t-shirt and pulling him back on to the comforter, and he suddenly has a mouthful and armful of angel. Cas is nothing if not enthusiastic. He may lack experience, but he’s had millennia to watch the earth and knows exactly how to bite Dean’s lip the way he likes. Dean’s underneath Cas in no time as Cas’s hands work their way up Dean’s stomach, stroking at the trail of hair that covers his small belly.
“Yes,” Cas says, almost knocking the table over as he stands. “Tuxes, right. They are a must have at weddings. And we mustn’t forget the flowers.”
as per usual, i blame Chris (rockchester) for publishing all his excellent fic this week written in second person and thus inspiring this, and Jo (sherryandgin) for writing a perfect deancas poem that made me rly angry and feel the urge to 'get her back'. kinda based on the promo of 9x18. i'm not sorry.
Dean immediately sees the source of the noise; Cas has managed to knock half the dry goods from the pantry on to the kitchen floor, and there’s god knows what trailed halfway across the linoleum.
“Thank you,” he eventually murmurs wetly against Dean’s neck. Dean presses a gentle kiss to his forehead; Cas closes his eyes. He’ll allow himself one night to believe that the man pressed against his side returns his sentiment. One night of deluded peace. One night to rest easy. Tomorrow, when the morning light filters through the windows and sweeps away the cobwebs created by sleep, Cas will act like nothing has changed. He’ll go back to his cabin and shoot up the last of his heroin. Then he'll leave with the day's patrol, perhaps more a liability than a help, but at least the narcotics will stop him from feeling like an open wound. He’ll serve Dean up until the end, regardless, Dean's own personal Guardian Angel. Dean will lead; he will follow, offering everything to Dean, because love is nothing if not compromise.
There is no strong scent of bleach or ammonia in any of the rooms on the first floor, either. No sharp instruments covered in flaking red. Everything’s clear. He moves upstairs to find Benny searching through the bathroom.
There are no stars out tonight: that’s the first thing Dean observes as he stands on the veranda, fisting his hands into his pockets, and breathing in the brisk air. At least the cold reminds him that he’s alive.
“You’ve barely left the bunker in weeks, man,” Dean tries again. “Hunting for angels doesn’t count.”
“Now you’re just making excuses, since you’re clearly way too uncomfortable to, god forbid, date him, or whatever.” Charlie takes a sip of her beer. “Speaking of which, can you get me Bela’s number? On the down-low, of course. I’m not dumb.” She winks slyly back across at Dean. He just sighs, figuring the battle’s already lost, and orders another whiskey.
Benny snorts out a laugh. “Work this job for as long as I have, brother, and you’ll start to understand that the simplest explanation is often best.”
another 9x03 coda. i read a bit of meta on this ep - after i'd written this - that i might agree with more, but idk. this was my interpretation/way of explaining Jensen's strange acting choices in this scene. i'm getting lazy with chapter titles too. i'm sorry. all my ficlets get posted to my
Cas chooses that exact moment, however, to twist his head around until he can press his wet lips against the corner of Dean’s mouth. Dean starts, yelping, his arm faltering, the bullet flying off in the direction of the trees. He pulls away from Cas to see that the other fallen angel has got the biggest shit-eating grin ever plastered across his gorgeous face.
Dean doesn’t love Cas. Cas knows this. Although sometimes, in his weaker moments, he prays to a God he knows doesn't exist that something might be there, his hope like a candle that won’t quite flicker and die. Dean did love him – perhaps – once, a long time ago. Now Cas is drug-fucked and constantly strung out on opiates, screwing his way through half the camp with no abandon, and Dean is the ‘fearless leader’, detached and mechanical, focussed only on the end goal and how it can be achieved. If he were to compare him to anyone, Cas thinks that he would say Dean is like Che Guevara: ruthless, perpetually fighting for the underdog with little regard for the collateral, but still trying to keep his heart in the right place. A guerrilla war machine who approaches killing a civilian – a friend - with the same sort of cold, calm collectedness he reserves for talking to children and giving orders to troops. It makes Cas' very human stomach roll with nausea.
Dean laughs. He feels a rush of affection for the stupid angel, the tension leaking from his body with every chortle. “For fuckssake, Cas. That doesn’t explain the warzone here, though. Jesus Christ. Is the only collateral so far those eggs and the floor?”
“Yes,” Cas says casually, sombrely, like he’s discussing bad weather, not first hand knowledge of one of the most historically significant beings in Western culture. “Such a kind and generous soul. He’d hate to see so much bitterness between angels and humans today.” Cas pauses and takes a gulp from his glass before levelling Dean with his unwavering bright blue gaze. “Can I help you with anything?”
He arrives a good half-hour after Dean, tugging that stupid coat further around his shoulders and glancing wearily in Lucifer’s direction as approaches Dean’s table.
Dean seriously begins to consider how he can make a surreptitious escape when he feels someone press against his shoulder.
Dean shrugs and waits until he’s finished his mouthful. “I used to travel around the US with my brother, Sammy, a fair bit. Only been to Scotland otherwise.” He exaggerates a shudder. “I hate flying. You?”
Cas looks reluctant, but he settles on the edge of Dean’s bed anyway. He sighs and rubs his forehead. “I’m a fed. I’ve been here, undercover, for the last year.”
The edges of Cas’s mouth turn up in a stiff smile. “Well, hot diggidy dog,” he says on exhale, sarcasm edging the words. “We have a meatball here.”
“This is how the blind sometimes read faces,” Cas whispers against Dean’s fingers. “I read about it in a book.”
“I dunno who else’s it would be. You look stupid in that hat, by the way.” And she does. It clashes terribly with her red hair. But Charlie just laughs and tugs at Dean’s devil horns.
“Um, I don’t actually have his number,” Cas says, pulling his phone from his pocket and handing it to Dean. “If you wouldn’t mind?” He’s slightly sheepish. Dean finds it endearing.
“Yeah, I guess,” Sam says distractedly. He’s busy sending a text to Charlie stating his current predicament. “Whatever you want, Dean.”
His ears ring. He feels his gun sliding from its holster, hears the telltale click of the barrel being loaded despite the wash of blood against his eardrums. The hard, cold muzzle is pressed against the underside of his throat, burning his skin, and his hands are forced on to the grip. He can feel the cool leather of the assailant’s gloves on top of his hands. This is it. He served two years of service only to be taken down by a hard-boiled boxer in a dark Los Angeles alley.
Cas grins at this, looking back across at Dean, who responds with a small smile of his own. They’ve stopped walking.
Bela laughs, and Dean doesn’t miss the way that it catches Charlie’s attention. Her eyes dart up and down Bella’s body as her conversation with Sam ends abruptly. Huh.
Cas leaves the phone on the bed and takes a shower, spending longer than he should under the scalding water, turning it off only when his skin is a bright, angry red and the pads of his fingers are wrinkled and numb. He returns to the bedroom and finds an old shirt of Dean’s and some underwear before lying back against the headboard of his bed. Everything smells like Dean, now, and it’s a painful sort of comfort. Taking the phone, he presses Dean’s number in to the keypad and taps out a short message. He deletes it once the message is sent and sets the cell on the beside table before turning off the light and falling in to a restless slumber.
When Lisa gets home later that night, when it’s obviously too late for her to make it out to Venice where her mother lives, she sees the glasses sitting on the coffee table as she walks through to the kitchen.
He uses his grip on Cas’ hips and encourages him to fuck into his mouth, slowly at first, then lets him build up his own pace as Dean pulls his lips over his teeth. Cas thrusts enthusiastically, erratically, almost whimpering as the head of his cock hits the back of Dean’s throat. Dean swallows around it. Cas starts saying Dean’s name, a single broken syllable; Dean groans around Cas’s cock in his mouth, dick trying to twitch with interest. At 42, though, he’d be lucky.
“No, it’s not. Don’t you understand, Dean? I had to work with Lucifer. You could have been killed – Daphne was. And if I hadn’t had you on my case, I’d be in jail right now.” He closes his eyes and breathes. “We apprehended Lucifer and his gang. I didn’t mean for you to get involved, but I needed to drug you so Lucifer would trust me and we could reach his hideout. The clues he left were just some sick puzzle, including Betty Cowan's death. I’m sorry I had to use you like that. I was hoping you’d escape before things got heated, but as it turned out, you saved my life. Michael was even talking about promoting you.”
Cas seems to mostly give up on the battle once his shirt is unbuttoned. He fists Dean’s cock, own pants around his thighs. It’s too tight and rough, at first; Dean is oversensitive. He hisses. Cas looks apologetic and releases his grip, leaning down to whisper, “Tell me what you want,” into Dean’s ear.
Before Dean’s brain can catch up with the program, Cas has pulled Dean’s cock from his underwear and is working his shaft lazily with agile fingers. He mouths at Dean’s neck, bites indigo flowers against Dean’s collarbone below the line of his shirt.  “Gee, but you’re swell,” Cas mumbles as he licks a nipple. Dean can’t help it; his own hands move to Cas’s hips, his fingertips biting against bone, and he moans, low and guttural. Cas appears to take this as his queue to drop to his knees and wrap that perfect mouth around Dean’s cock. He sucks it down deep without warning, making the most glorious sounds around the length; little needy keening noises that make goose bumps erupt across Dean’s skin.
He just sits, face blank. Dean understands; the war doesn’t desensitize you to grief, or even death, but it teaches you how to compartmentalize, to ignore the feelings until a more appropriate situation in which to deal with them arises. If your best friend gets shot down in front of you, there’s no time to stop and cry over his dead body. You gotta keep going, ‘cause if you don’t – if you hesitate for even a moment – you’ll end up a corpse, too.
Dean just glares. Cas glances back down at the pistol. “We have guns in heaven. They’re just much more… fancy than this. This is a nice one, however. Thank you. It will be useful.” He purses his lips, clicking the safety back in to place. “Although I did always did prefer swords.”
So that’s how they end up at the closest shopping mall during the christmas rush, fighting their way through screaming children and stressed parents. Dean looks excited at the prospect of selecting Christmas decorations. Sam tries to feel enthusiastic, but fails; he did the whole Christmas thing with Amelia the year prior, and mostly he remembers brightly colored lights coupled with far too much stress, a sort of technicolor blur smeared by her father’s begrudging acceptance.
Dean has one up on him, though, and sticks the keys in the lock, unlocking the door and pulling it open in one swift movement. Cas tumbles out in the grass, having had his body weight pushed up against interior panels of the car. Dean hauls his surly ass up and pushes him around the car, bundling him in to the driver’s seat. Cas glares at him as Dean pushes the keys in to his hands.
Ten minutes later, he returns to Cas, two mugs of steaming hot chocolate held in his hands. Cas is staring idly at the ceiling, but tries to prop himself up when Dean enters the room, wincing slightly. The skin around the edges of the wound has turned pinkish in colour, new skin starting to knit already. Dean hands one of the mugs to Cas.
Dean pulls him closer, resting his chin on Cas’ hair. It’s a comforting weight. Cas closes his eyes, moisture leaking from behind the lids.
“Shut up,” Dean interrupts, pressing his lips against the bolt of Cas’s jaw, mouthing at the sandpaper-rough stubble and skin.
Mostly, you can control it. Push all thoughts of him to the periphery of your consciousness. Mention him only casually in a throwaway comments, like “he was an okay guy”, even when “okay” doesn’t even begin to describe what he is. But you can’t even admit that much to yourself, most of the time.
“Look, Sammy, thanks. I get all that, and I appreciate your input. I’m just currently more concerned with the legal side of things, since I’m not a district attorney.”
“D’you know what we’ve got?” he asks his partner as they wait outside Captain Singer’s door. Benny shrugs.
“We’re not far,” Cas says in his trademark tenor grumble. Dean tries not to wince. Sometimes he thinks that Cas could read the freaking phone book and it’d still go straight to his dick. “We’re about half a mile out.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, his voice catching. He shifts his weight, shuffles his feet, looks to the floor and back up from under his brow. “It’s been a while.”
“Holy shit; Uriel was one of Lucifer’s bunch, wasn’t he?” Dean smiles as Cas nods. “We might end up fighting another war together, Captain.”
Dean looks away, glancing up at the collection of weapons he has above his bed. There lies the makeshift axe from Purgatory he can’t part with, despite the fact that its blade is still encrusted with dried blood, because it reminds him of all the important things the place taught him. “I’m not exactly the best person to ask that, Cas.” He sighs. “Look, start with the small things and build up. Pick the smallest thing about yourself you
Cas sighs irritably, still refusing to look at Dean. “We didn’t find any today,” he says steadily, casually, like he’s making a statement the weather, “and I don’t want to learn to drive the Impala; I’d be no good at it.” A beat; Cas folds his hands in to his lap. “It’s nothing like flying.”
“Sam or Kevin might hear, Dean, we can’t do this here,” he whispers, and Dean just rises to press his mouth against Cas’s again, moving his hands lower to pull at those tighty-whities. Cas’s hands drop to Dean’s soft tummy and his fingertips rasp against the hair there, his thumbs pressing against the pressure of Dean’s hardening cock through Dean’s jeans. Dean groans, low and needy.
But Cas’s smile morphs in to a cheeky grin. “No, I resigned. I have options, now; I can either continue to work at the hospital, or apply for the open position at LAPD.”
“Maybe something like that, yeah,” Dean says, flushing, feeling ten types of embarrassed but also fifty different sorts or really fucking elated.
"Twelve fucking years," Cas murmurs into Dean's collarbone. His deep voice is rougher than usual - husky. Dean tries to stop the hysterical bubble of laughter that threatens its way up his throat. He almost can't believe it, that they’re actually here, in his bed, touching and groaning and going at it like teenagers. Can’t believe that they’re finally on the same page.
Tonight, a new voice warbles though the speakers, the timbre thick and rich as it curls to where they’re seated in the middle of the room. She’s young and pretty, has a voice like sugar syrup, and Dean can’t help but unconsciously tap his fingers to the rhythm against his leg as Sam leans across the table towards him, still wearing his business suit, brow furrowed in frustration.
The Impala’s engine is a comforting thrum against Dean’s body as Sam speeds towards home, the road beneath them a too-long glittery expanse of black stretching into the night. He can taste salt on his lips as sweat trickles from his temples. His hands are sticky with Cas’s blood.
"The first part was obvious," Cas huffs, because he’s an irritable little shit. Dean rolls his eyes. “So do we have a plan?"
“So we’re to stand in here, for however long, without talking?” Cas says, and Dean swears he can detect an edge of sarcasm.
, the rest of the world forgotten. Cas deftly works on the buttons at the front of Dean’s shirt like it’s his life’s mission to get Dean out of his clothes while Dean works on the buckle of Cas’s belt. Dean slides off the sink so he can get his own pants off, everything ending up in a pile on the floor, both men standing in only their underwear.
Cas frowns. “Is that unacceptable? You mentioned needing to go on a grocery run, so I took the liberty of going myself. I tried to purchase what I thought you’d want or require.”
Cas shifts until he can look up at Dean, and he rolls his eyes, huffing. Dean pushes himself up on one elbow and presses his lips against the corner of Cas’ mouth. Cas returns the gesture by tilting his head and kissing Dean back; Dean moans into Cas’ mouth. Cas keeps making these little keening noises as they kiss; tiny, unconscious whines from the back of his throat. It drives Dean crazy. They kiss slowly with no intent until they’re both lying on their sides, Cas’ hands pressing at Dean’s tummy under his shirt and Dean’s hands on Cas' ass.
They wake up every day knowing that the odds are stacked against them, that this morning could be their last.
title taken from the Bon Iver song of the same name (idk why i chose it particularly; i like the song and it could be applicable).
Cas’s last over-shirt got torn to shreds on their previous hunt, and they haven’t crossed another army surplus store since the one in Seattle that had been liquidated. It’s about fifty kinds of hot, five kinds of possession, and is creating all sorts of fantasies that will entertain him for weeks and Dean just can’t fucking concentrate. Who’d blame him?
They eventually reach the bed. Cas opens Dean up slowly with Vaseline, taking his time to nose at the nest of hair at the base of Dean’s cock, kiss his way up Dean’s ribs, press bruises with his teeth against the scar tissue that spreads across Dean’s shoulder. It’s been a while since Dean’s slept with a man – at least since his late teens – and the burn of his ass is uncomfortable at first, but Cas is patient and careful as he works the muscle until Dean is a sweaty, shivering mess beneath him.
"A job," he says. "Here." He pulls a wrinkled newspaper sheet from inside his tan coat and brandishes it at the woman, pointing at an article. "It says, 'History of Theology Lecturer required. Must have significant experience and knowledge regarding religion.’ It proceeds to mention this educational institution.”
Nosing at Cas’s bellybutton, he mouths at the firm muscle of his abdominals and the trail of hair that curls down from his tummy. He watches Cas carefully as he takes Cas into his mouth in one smooth motion and hollows his cheeks. Cas’ hips buck up into his mouth. Dean curls his fingers across Cas’ hip bones, pressing his ass back into the mattress, getting used to the length and girth of him. He tastes musty and bitter; Dean loves it, all of it. Loves Cas utterly and without reservation.
May 1945 - and he remembers that day. They’d been swapped in to relieve the 77ths. He and Cas were starting to get close. The Captain had mostly kept to himself until then, working quietly over wounds at night, letting the other soldiers muck around at camp but never joining in himself, and only writing the occasional letter. Just before the photo was taken, he and Dean’d been chewing candy and spam together, propped up on rocks and facing each other. Dean had said, “I entered the marine corps to pay for my brother’s college degree.” He’d paused, dug another mouthful out of the can. “Seemed like a good idea at the time.”
“Oops,” Dean mumbles against Cas’s mouth before he’s pulling away to lick a long line down Cas’s abs. He drags his tongue across the smooth, undulating planes, thumbing below Cas’s pantline with his own sticky fingers as his hands sweep behind Cas to grip his lower back. Drawing his hands back around, he flicks the buckle of Cas’s belt undone and pulls Cas’s dress pants down. They snag at Cas’s feet, and Cas does an awkward, ungraceful hop to untangle his legs. Dean laughs. He grasps Cas’s waist with his hands and curls around Cas’s body, pressing his mouth against the now exposed skin of his lower back, licking a long line down below Cas’s underwear. Cas shivers, grunting in protest.
“Can you get some dental floss, a needle and maybe a bottle of whiskey?” Dean says, pulling away the folds of Cas’s clothing to expose crimson-smeared skin. “Need to get Bella Swan here fixed up before the Word of God-Squad get here.”
He steps in to the room, gaze landing on a very disgruntled Cas, covered in flour and arms deep in a metal bowl. “The
Two minutes later, though, Dean hears an audible crack. Screams erupt from somewhere behind him, and he turns around to see water leaking in a slow wave across the shop floor. Son of a bitch - what the fuck has the little shit done now?
He’d be sloppy and enthusiastic, at first, before he’d refine his technique to an art. You know. He’d map your body with his hands and learn what makes you whimper and moan and repeat it until you were about to break. He’d pull you apart and stich you back together again over and over again, just as he’s done repeatedly in entirely different circumstances.
“I’d like to talk to you further, Dean. Perhaps later this evening.” He offers a weak smile before wandering off to probably find Crowley, tailed by the blond kid. Dean watches him pick up a Santa hat on the way, this one adorned with a fluffy wire halo that bobs precariously above the tip of the hat. It looks ridiculous. It looks adorable, particularly coupled with the hideous Christmas sweater he’s wearing, which is tight enough across his hips that it emphasises the gorgeous bulge of his ass. Dean wants to leave as soon as he can.
Cas’ answering smile feels brittle and saccharine and it fucking hurts, but he swallows his own feelings because he needs Dean in ways he never has before and it scares the shit out of him.
“Pease don’t use that name in vain.” Cas’ intense gaze is back on Dean’s face again as he shifts into a half rise. Dean laughs, moving until his head is resting on Cas’ thigh. He’s too drunk and too happy to see Cas to care about the intimate position, and Cas doesn’t push him off; on the contrary, his hand moves until it’s resting in Dean’s hair protectively, the length of his body. (awesome bit of fluff, but their actions are confused. are they sitting down side by side? or lying on each other? idk what’s happening)
“Uh, you know what you’re doing, right?” Dean says, surrendering the olive oil. Cas just rolls his eyes.
He definitely shouldn’t be on this case. It’s only just begun, and already he’s far too emotionally involved.
Dean and Cas never do get the chance to continue their conversation. The next day, early in the morning, they find the portal.
He’s stumbling up to get another glass of eggnog now, though, argument with Sam and Kevin clearly forgotten as he moves swiftly - albeit unsteadily - towards Dean.
“It was an accident,” Dean says, but he grins a little. Cas smiles back, and it’s soft, creases spilling from the corners of his eyes. It’s easy, then, for them to lean forward, two puzzle pieces sliding together, and just
“We’ll go shootin’ tomorrow anyway, if you want,” he suggests, trying to provoke some sort of verbal reaction out of Cas. Cas turns to look at him then, the edge of his mouth quirking up on a smile - and god he looks ridiculous in that hat. Like one of Santa’s lost elves. The big white pom-pom is even dangling in his eyes, and Dean’s half tempted to tug it out of the way.
Then Cas is moving away, lining up their cocks and wrapping his fist around both of them, using his spit for lubrication. “I want to see you,” he says by way of explanation. Dean wraps his own hand around Cas’ in affirmation and they find a steady rhythm together. Soon Dean is open-limbed and panting, his train of thought spilling from his mouth, a litany of
Dean and Benny push through to see Bobby sitting at his desk, surrounded by papers and looking mighty flustered. Benny stands to attention like the good ex-soldier he is whilst Dean sprawls across one of the wooden chairs that are scattered around the room, resting his elbows on his knees and leaning forward
“Bela Talbot, saleswoman,” she says, all pink lips stretched over perfect white teeth as she proffers her hand.
Starting with the skin behind Cas’ ear, Dean licks and presses kisses to the dip of skin between Cas’ neck and shoulder; the soft hollow of his clavicle; the smooth undulation of his pectoral. He’s flushed red and lovely like this, rosy hues against honeyed skin. The bedside lamp casts a halo behind his head, hair smudging like charcoal into the light, the electric blue of his eyes glinting.
to get him killed half the time. Benny’s an honest cop, though, and it’s fucking rare to find one of those these days, so Dean ain’t gonna look the gift horse in the mouth, so to speak. He and Benny mind their own business and try to avoid the backhanded dealings he knows go on between these four walls and so far, they’ve had it pretty easy.
Dean had let his feelings for Cas ease in to deep affection as he tried to work his way through his knot of emotions at the end of the war. He’d felt nothing but anger for a very long time, until he began working Homicide and thought maybe he could make up for the devastation he’d caused by saving as many lives as he could. That’s why he was standing in this room right now, clutching a photograph tainted by memories, fighting for one of the only good things he’s had in a long time.
“Nah, it’s fine,” Dean says, trying not to let disappointment color his tone. “I’m with you on getting outta here as fast as possible.” He takes a large gulp of his beer, as if to punctuate his point. Cas just hesitates, stalling, like he doesn’t really want to go.
I know this clearly isn't what will happen in the episode, but we can hope, right? I sort of have a part two planned for this, but we'll see.
Cas exhales irritably, finally turning the force of that blue gaze on Dean. Dean relaxes his grip and proceeds to tug the ridiculous trench coat off Cas’s shoulders.
If Benny thought that Dean and Cas’s initial exchange was unusual, he doesn’t say anything. Instead he fishes in his pocket and pulls out his LAPD badge, flashing it at Cas. “LAPD Homicide, Doctor Novak. I’m Detective Lafitte, and my partner is Detective Winchester. We’re here to investigate an incident that occurred early this morning. If you take a seat, we can explain the deal is.”
Anxiety and panic flood through Dean's system. He takes the liberty of wrapping Cas's fingers in his own and pressing his lips against the (fallen?) angel's temple when Sam isn't looking.
Memories of Okinawa come flooding back, all-too familiar imagery and sensory overload; the stench of blood like rust clinging to every breath, choking on dust, screams that echo long after death, the sounds of bullets tearing through muscle and breaking bone. He’s back on that battlefield, dodging enemy attacks, being approached from the north by hostile troops. Swinging around to face the enemy and aiming his rifle.
“Cas?” Dean says when they’re standing about a yard away, completely bypassing objective professionalism and landing somewhere in the ‘wistfully reminiscent’ court. Fucking hell. There’s even an edge of hope to his voice, if the reason they’re here wasn’t embarrassing enough already.
“It’s definitely not the Werewolf, no. We’ve had bubkis since that letter and the potential leads with Jeannie French that turned to zip, so don’t even start, Winchester.”
"Let me return the favour," Cas says, cutting off the biggest chunk of cake Dean thinks could fit on the goddamn fork. Suddenly it’s heading for his face, Cas’s head tilted as he squints in concentration at Dean’s mouth, like feeding him is fucking rocket science or something. Dean feels like a baby bird. He only just manages to get his mouth open wide enough before he is consumed by too much sugar, too, and he knows he’s pulling the most embarrassing faces ever as he tries not to gag.
“Of course,” Garth says, but after a beat he grins back. “Got radioed over because of a disturbance called in by a neighbor. Said she was out walkin’ her dog when she saw the body lying in the grass on the empty lot. The Coroner’s on his way. We haven’t touched the body yet - leavin’ that up to you, Detective.”
He walks over to the Impala and leans against its hood, twisting the lid off the bottle and taking a deep swill. The golden liquid floods across his tongue and down into his mouth, warm and sharp and familiar. It’s delicious. He strokes his baby underneath him affectionately, wondering if he should take her out. Instead the energy thrumming through his veins wins out; tonight will be one of those nights that his legs control the destination. He takes another mouthful and begins to walk across the gravel and into the open fields.
He tries to school his face in to something neutral as he walks away from the scene. Cas definitely isn’t guilty - Dean knows this like he knows all the words to
He can feel the easy slide of his cock inside the heat of Dean’s ass, Dean’s fingers biting into bone as Cas’ hips stutter forward. The small room smells of sweat and sex, metal and musk, sultry air oppressive and almost too much. Dean is growling Cas’ name with each
Prior to Purgatory, depression constantly trickled over his psyche like an old, familiar friend who frequently destroyed him. Its cruel breath fluttered across his mind, injecting poison into his conflicted thoughts, coaxing him out of his mediocre plateau of numb contentment.
Dean almost chokes on his burger and tries to school his expression in to something neutral. He panics. “Er, yeah. We reconnected ‘cause of the case. It’s been good. We’re getting pretty close.”
"Hey, look at me." Cas reluctantly turns his intense blue gaze to Dean. They study each other; Dean can’t stop staring at the perfect, stupidly delicate cupid’s bow of Cas’ mouth. After a beat, Dean drags his eyes back to Cas’ and whispers: "This is us, okay, Cas? We're good."
“Don’t be,” Dean says. “But if you feel that bad about it, you can buy me a drink to apologise. Or, y’know, dinner.” He understands the implication, but right now, he’s too happy to care.
"I suppose, technically, we met because of God in a barn in Pontiac, Illinois," Cas continues. He loads his fork up with another tiny piece before adding cheerfully: “Dean stabbed me."
Now he’s hoping he’ll pull himself free and reach the dappled sunlight that is the fleeting promise of joy, hoping he’ll be able to take a gulping lungful of air without the threat of depression lingering over his head, hoping to sever all ties to past demons and start anew. If he makes it out of Purgatory alive with Benny and Cas, Dean has made a promise to himself that he’ll keep fighting, keep trying to work until he actually accepts (or maybe even likes) himself.
His fingers snag the handle of the police-issued firearm he carries everywhere – a Smith & Wesson Model 14 .38 revolver – in the holster that remains permanently clipped to his belt, his hand shaking against the grip. He flicks the safety off.
There’s silence, after that. Dean knows he’s alone, now. He tries to move, but his wrists are bound. With a bit of effort he manages to shift in to a sitting position, legs out in front of him, arms aching with the strain of being tied. Slowly, his vision starts to clear.
Dean shrugs. “Just be friendly, I guess. Try to get her on side. Even if it means…" He makes a sort of gesture with his free arm, but it’s pretty ambiguous, so he just ends up lacing his fingers with Cas’s on the table. "… Er, yeah."
forward, gasping around the syllable. It’s painful and aggressive and not at all like sex between them ought to be. Not after everything they’ve shared. There’s no care, no love; just animal need,
. Dean’d be lying if he said that wasn’t the hottest thing he’d ever heard leave the angel’s lips. He’s all for equal opportunity, especially when it involves Cas and fucking in the same context.
“Bad day?” Charlie Bradbury asks as soon as Dean enters the squad room, and Dean chuckles darkly. Charlie works Homicide’s switchboard. She knows everything.
Dean chuckles, canting his hips to the side. “Concentrate. We’re gonna do this right, and you’re gonna make this shot.” He makes sure Cas is looking down the barrel, bracing his arm to take most of the impact, and he squeezes the trigger.
Pretending to be asleep, he levels his breathing and lowers his eyelids, staring out from under his lashes.
“And you are getting pie everywhere; look, it’s even in your hair. I liked this place because it was orderly,” Cas huffs against Dean’s neck. “Are you going to clean this up afterwards?” Dean’s response is to hoist Cas up on to the bench and to finish licking the sticky mess from Cas’s stomach.
With the same intensity Cas uses to approach tasks he thinks are important (like ganking demons, researching cases, plotting against Heaven and Hell), he pushes his mouth down over the head of Dean’s cock. He makes a face at what Dean assumes is the taste of precum, lips turning down at the corners and eyelids fluttering. Dean can’t stop watching him, mouth open in an endless O, hand reaching to touch Cas’ hair. Cas hollows his cheeks and the pressure is all wrong, and there’s almost teeth, and Cas nearly chokes when he moves too far down the shaft and has to pull off, frowning and frustrated and swallowing for air. It’s also so, so right because it’s
Dean just turns Cas’s response in to a joke, and Sam plays along with it. Thankfully. But then Cas mentions how he reckons they’ll make great teachers, and that’s got to take the fucking cake, because Dean’s not gonna lie, his mind spends a lot of time rolling in the gutter, and he automatically thinks about teaching Cas about sex. Which is something he’s thought about a lot, actually. He feels his expression shift to something resembling discomfort, but he’s not gonna go there. It’s too late now. Dean has stood up to Lucifer and damned himself to an eternity in Hell and carved out a place for himself in Purgatory, a land with no laws, but he can’t tell a fucking ex Angel of the Lord that he’s in love with him. He’s a coward, pure and simple, because although he can finally admit to himself that he has feelings, he can’t deal with the thought of getting even more emotionally invested in something only to lose it. Again. Too bad it’s already too late.
Dean shrugs. “An angel, apparently.” He pauses and regards the body again. “He’s not... a killer though.”
So that’s how he ends up kissing Cas’s stubbly, flushed cheek for the first time in the middle of a cake shop in lower Manhattan. Little does he know that there are many better kisses to come.
It’s a Friday morning sometime in late September when the case crosses Dean’s desk. The dry desert winds have started curling in from Santa Ana as the days shrink away from summer, and it’s been a pretty slow couple of months in Homicide, truth be told; the hunt for the ‘Werewolf’ killer reached a stalemate in June as the media’s attention trickled away from Elizabeth Short and her legacy as the Black Dahlia, and there have been no leads on the Jeannie French’s murderer - or, as they’ve come to be known, the Lipstick Killer. Gang-related crimes are on the up and up, of course, particularly after Bugsy Siegel’s death, but all that’s mostly Vice’s kettle of fish. So when Benny approaches Dean’s desk and tells him that they’re required in the captain’s office, Dean’s pretty damn edgy. Even a domestic homicide beats patrol.
"I know you like plenty of things - humanity, God, honey and bees, saving unhappy dogs, White Castle cheeseburgers - but I don't know what you want. Liking and wanting are two different things, Cas. Liking something means you appreciate it; wanting something is making it your own."
A huff of air comes from behind Castiel, interrupting Dean’s thoughts. “C’mon, gramps. Stop flirting. The faster you make the rounds the faster we can get out of here.” From the doorway emerges what Dean bets is The Catch: a slight blond teenage girl with a lot of attitude, going by the ripped jeans and the petulant expression. Cas has a kid. Cas probably has lots of kids, and is married, and lives in a house in the suburbs with a white picket fence and a dog called Fido and a Christmas tree heaped with presents. All Dean’s dirty thoughts go ‘poof.’
Castiel looks up at him with those big baby blues, and Dean can't help but brush his lips delicately against the edge of Cas' jaw. "'So'kay, Cas. I just hope you like chocolate." He eyes the massive bottle of lube. "And sex."
Dean gives Cas one of his old, faded flannels and it’s way more distracting than he could ever have imagined
Title taken from My Chemical Romance's album of the same name. I don't even care; I was totally a punk rock/goth/emo kid in my (early) teens. Long live nostalgia.
They’d shared small, comforting smiles before Victor had barreled over with the camera – “Lieutenant Winchester, Captain Novak – look what I got!” – and they’d had their picture snapped. Victor was Dean’s best friend, at that point, and almost as good as Dean with a gun, but Dean had struggled to get close to soldiers when he was the one deciding each day who he’d send out for what. It was like playing fucking Russian roulette or, hell,
Cas glances at the bookshelf before pulling out a tomb. “This poem is about youth,” he says, handing the book over. “With particular emphasis on virginity. It’s rather beautiful.”
like a bird with damaged wings. A racehorse with a lame leg. Most days he can barely look at his own reflection himself (it’s no longer Jimmy’s face, with the scars and age lines and empty, hollow eyes). Sex and substance abuse are the only things that make life bearable. He knows Dean begrudges him that, too – the ease in which he shirks his duties, choosing escapism over functionality. The only time Cas isn’t high or drunk is when he’s fucking Dean. Cas sees these nights as a way to be physically close to Dean, a way to pretend that one-day, everything might be all right. Dean sees these nights almost like a business arrangement, a duty. Something to use to forget, not pretend. A reprieve from feeling.
The living room is small and isn’t used much, aside from when he has guests over, which isn’t often. Dean pours both he and Cas a tumbler of whiskey and sits down on the green velvet couch under the window. Cas accepts the drink and lowers himself to the opposite end. He stares down in to the amber liquid like it possibly holds the meaning of life before taking a deep swill, and Dean mimics the action. It burns as it trickles down his throat, smoky and strong.
Dean removes one of his hands from Cas’ hip, moving it to the dark strands of hair that curl with sweat down Cas's neck, and
"What are you doing here?" Dean murmurs. Dean hasn't seen Cas since the crypt, since Naomi and I need you.
“I didn’t know how I was going to be… received,” Cas murmurs, catching his breath, all puffy pink lips and messy black hair. He leans further in to Dean. “Sam said you wrote a note, and…”
They go out on Christmas Eve, because Claire’s apparently with her grandparents. “I’ve been her legal guardian since her parents – my brother - died five years ago,” Cas says solemnly on the phone. “It was a car accident. Suddenly I was the parent of an eleven year old. I can’t say it did wonders for my dating life, but I adore her, so it doesn’t matter, really.”
“You could say that,” he throws over his shoulder as he approaches his desk and picks up the receiver.
“Twenty-two and twenty seven. Their names are Charlotte and Elizabeth. My, how the years pass - it seems like only yesterday they were still in diapers!” Dean grimaces involuntarily, but she doesn’t notice.  “How was the chocolate? Can I get you more cake?”
So Dean doesn’t contact Cas again. Instead he takes a trolley car down to Sunset Strip that night, looking spiffy in his best suit and hat. He can hear Frank Sinatra’s voice leaking out of the club once he arrives, and it drifts on the mild fall night air, syrupy and smooth, encouraging him to go inside.
"His name is Sebastian," Cas says proudly as Dean reaches the car. "And I don't care what you say; I'm keeping him. He can live in the bathtub." The light catches his eyes and his grin falls, serious expression replacing it. "I'll fight you for it, if I have to."
“That was a waste of fuckin’ time,” Benny says half an hour later, easing himself in to the passenger seat of Dean’s 1937 Chevy Master Deluxe (outfitted with a police radio, because he’s not going to let his baby rust in his drive while he drives a squad car around LA, thank you very much). The witness – an elderly woman who’d talked more about local town gossip than what she’d seen that morning – had told them very little. She’d reminded Dean of one of those little old ladies from a Raymond Chandler novel that stuck their noses where they shouldn’t be.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mutters under his breath. Cas proceeds to sit down, pressing close to Dean, coattails fanning out behind him.
“No,” Castiel says, smile dropping, looking affronted. “I’m an Angel of the Lord, as it says on the paper.”
Dean just shakes his head and laughs. "At this stage, taking the stupid thing back would be more harm than it's worth. Gotta get it home quickly, though." He opens the door to the impala and puts the bags inside, climbing in after. "What do they eat, though?"
Searching Cas’s house makes Dean super uncomfortable, but he does it anyway, because that’s his job, and if he had a problem in the first place, he should have relinquished the case to someone more suitable.
“More like I should be asking you the same question,” Dean mumbles, standing opposite Cas and eying him warily. “And does it matter? Didn’t take me a liquor store.”
For a heart-stopping moment, he doesn’t realise where he is. Adrenaline floods his system in agonising pulses and he bolts upright, years of conditioned fight-or-flight response and PTSD kicking in, the world smeared by sleep and cast to charcoals and greys by the moonlight that seeps in through the window beside the bed. Nauseating panic rolls across his stomach, senses hyper-alert. Reality slowly slides back to place as he grasps for proper consciousness, familiar surroundings becoming clear, his heart rate slowing to a dull throb.
It sounds as if his breaths are being torn out of him, grinding against his trachea. Like juggernauts grinding to a stop.
Dean finds a call box a couple of blocks away and dials through to Central. He manages to get confirmation on the marriage – which, yeah, Dean doesn’t want to think about too hard right now - and writes down a couple of addresses on his police-issued notepad. Cas apparently works at the Los Angeles County Hospital as a trauma surgeon, which isn’t surprising. His residential address is listed about three streets over in one of those pre-war suburbs filled with houses built before World War One. No children. Dean sighs in relief at that, because kids just complicate matters. He understands that all too well.
Cas moves to rest one hand on the small of Dean’s back and presses back in to the embrace. “It’s okay, Dean. I understand.” He doesn’t, really. He’s realised these past few days how little he actually understands, but for now, he can be strong for Dean.
“We have a history,” Cas replies. His voice is strong, steady, matching his hard stare, and fuck, that sentence could mean anything. Both Cas and Benny appear to be playing some sort of mental chess game with each other, a kind of power struggle. Benny seems to see Cas as a criminal, and Cas is reacting to Benny like he’s some sort of threat. It’s confusing and Dean really wants to deal with none of it. He needs it to end. Now.
“Ben’s asleep and Lisa’s at work,” Dean says after about a minute, trying to fill the almost-silence. “So I have the house to myself tonight.”
As far as Dean is concerned, what Cas lacks in experience he makes up for in enthusiasm. He doesn't say this. Instead he moves a hand to Cas' jaw and rubs a thumb across the high crest of his cheekbone.
“To my flower; the scent of Daphne lingers strongly across my skin,” Dean reads out, and if that’s not fucking creepy, he doesn’t know what is. “The rest is in verse. It’s… hang on.”
It’s not the first time Dean has found himself in the middle of an empty field, the world liquor-glazed and distant like a movie reel. It’s not the first time Dean has craved Cas’ presence this deeply, either. Getting drunk and stumbling through fields has been a recent habit of Dean’s when he and Sam aren’t on a case. It allows him to settle and order his thoughts, to fight his feelings for Cas away, and swallow them down with the whiskey. To stare at the stars and understand the enormity of space; how inconsequential he – and their little planet – are. In the morning, life’s always a little more manageable.
Shit. Dean immediately realizes that he’s gonna have to ham it up a bit if this is going to work. He sends a silent prayer of apology to Cas before tugging him closer.
“Seriously, though, Cas,” Dean starts again, fingering the piece of plastic in his pocket. “The quality and price of a ring shouldn’t matter. You just totally ignored my feeling back there.”
Dean’s not sure if he just made the best or worst decision of his life between the isle of cotton shirts and woollen apparel in a Wal-Mart in Ohio. The answer is clear, though, when he looks at Cas’s shining face.
Claire looks satisfied, and Cas deflates a little, looking slightly less agitated. “I’m so sorry, Dean,” he says.
Dean can’t help himself; he chuckles quietly. He removes his hand from where it’s hovering in the air between the bed and the table and eases himself back under the sheets. “You’re dreaming, Cas.”
Dean just grins and pops a spoonful of pie in to his mouth. “Best damn pie I’ve ever cooked,” he says around a mouthful of apple and pastry. “And definitely the best goddamn apology pie I’ve eaten. Wouldn’t you agree, Cas?”
Dean’s not ready to head back to the corpse and those dead green eyes that remind him so eerily of his own, so he decides to check if Cas is home. Or rather, Novak. This is a case now, and Dean can’t be getting too personal, no matter how much history they’ve shared. Novak is a potential suspect now, or perhaps – best-case scenario - even a witness. Impersonal is his best option.
Dean continues to ignore Cas, refusing to look at him. Cas understands this; Dean is no longer a hunter, and Cas is no longer an angel. He is a civilian. He is weak - powerless and disgusting.
Soon it becomes too much, and Dean presses his mouth against Cas’s, palms sliding down Cas’s body and over the smooth planes of his chest, his stomach, tongue licking at the seam of Cas’s lips.
I’m fifteen years old with the world stretching before me like an uninterrupted argument, life barely tainted by the metallic tang of disappointment (in life, in others, in oneself) that seeps through one’s psyche like blood dripping through veins. His hand pushes roughly down my pants, blindly groping at my pubic hair as I gasp against the palm covering my mouth. I’m up against a wall, t-shirt ripped and half pulled off my skinny frame, pelvis jerking against his body. A raw sob escapes my throat, half pleasure, half pain, and the fingers covering my mouth fist themselves into my hair. “You’re mine, Dean,” he snarls in my ear, and I let him drag my climax out of me in slow, agonising pulses. His hand is covered in me as be pushes me to the floor and thrusts his cock into my mouth. I swallow back the bitter taste of his precum and -
“Yes,” Cas replies. Dean grunts in assent and slides back under the sheets, resting hands behind his head.
Cas smiles, and it’s one of his real smiles, all bright white teeth and pink lips. “Nothing. You’re going to go back to work, I’m going to finish up here."
Dean hastily heading towards the cashier to pay for the groceries. He drops a fifty on the counter, mutters, "include the lobster", grabs the bag, and hot foots it right out of there.
Dean and Benny catch their six hours every night while Cas keeps vigil - a silent sentinel guarding his charge. Dean finds he needs more sleep in Purgatory without the constant stimulants he consumes back in the Real World. His mind is clearer than it has been in years, no longer fighting post-narcotic hazes or liquor-glazed realities. Everything is clean, pure; the air – despite the stench – is unpolluted. There is no technology to be preoccupied with, no deadlines to meet, no lives to save except for Cas and Benny and his own.
Cas just jerks his head in a half-nod before turning to face Balthazar, who’s shuffling papers. Dean leans close to Benny.
His first conscious breath tastes like overripe fruit, the air cloying and sour as it sticks in his throat.
He’s back on Okinawa, breathing in displaced earth and Ocean air, crunching over rock and bone and debris. Smoke and dust are curling in to a haze around him and his few remaining squadmates as they move to find shelter for the evening.
That last point causes Dean pause. “But, Cas, it’s not like we pay taxes. Or that you actually exist as a person on any databases, anyway.”
“I love you,” he chokes out. Crying is still a new sensation to Cas – he never cried, as an angel. Almost did, on occasion, but he never quite got there. Now there’s a crushing weight in his chest and water won’t stop seeping from his eyes and the sensation is strangling him. He's drowning, he thinks. Surely this what drowning feels like.
Morning sex is Dean’s favourite sort of sex. Fingertips press in to the ridges of his spine, insistent and needy, as he shifts in to a more comfortable position above Cas. It’s almost nine, and Dean can hear movement out in the corridor as Kevin gets ready to shower and Sam gets the front door open. He figures they have about twenty minutes before Sam gets back with the paper and Kevin emerges from the bathroom, so he and Cas better make the most of it.
Castiel is a manifestation of celestial intent; every action he takes is founded in goodness, in love. Dean is a selfish thirty-something alcoholic with commitment issues, a GED, and a give ‘em hell attitude. He’s about the farthest one can stray from angelic, and that’s saying something, because his brother was a demon-blood junkie addict whose body was destined to be Lucifer’s meatsuit.
Later that evening, well after Cas and Claire have left, Charlie approaches Dean as he’s trying to find another bottle of beer. Or, even better, whiskey. He can walk home; Baby’d be right in the office garage. “Success?” she says, hands on her hips.
Realization dawns as the pieces finally align. The missing link, something Dean didn’t think about, of course, because he thought Daphne was
He walks away, then, coattails flapping in the cool fall breeze like a pair of awkward wings. Dean watches him until Cas is swallowed by darkness.
“Yeah. Cas was a… good friend during the war. We fought in Okinawa together. Plus, hey, if it’s one thing I’m not, it’s a quitter.”
Dean shakes his head. “Thanks, Doctor Shurley.” He turns to Benny. “It’s not really your usual domestic, though, is it? Husbands prefer blunt force trauma or a gun to slitting their wives throats. Messy.”
The unusual tension dissipates before they’re left with something much more intense. It’s almost too much. Dean feels smothered by it, frustrated, itching with the urge to
, a shower of bullets spraying out in arcs over the boot-churned earth, the sickening slide of a mortar loading echoing somewhere ahead.
Bobby frowns. “Stanza, verse, whole poem, entire book; I don’t really care. It’s dangerous. And now we need to figure out what do about it.”
Silence. Three minutes pass. Dean can still feel the angel’s eyes watching him, and, judging by sound, Cas probably hasn’t moved an inch. Hell, the dude watched over earth for millennia; he could probably comfortably stand there all night.
focus on right now, or more lives will be lost), they’ve had no engagements whilst heading back towards a base. It was only a matter of time.
Dean knew he shouldn't have let Cas watch The Little Mermaid the week before. "Get off it, Cas. What the fuck are we gonna do with a lobster? C'mon. Help me find the rest of the stuff on the list and we can go home. I'll buy you a hermit crab or something."
Cas sounds so earnest that it almost breaks Dean's heart. This grumpy, sassy, intelligent, beautiful, obtuse ex-angel of the fucking Lord is too much, sometimes. Often.
He returns an hour later with a piece of paper clutched in one hand, his hair even more unkempt than it was prior to his previous departure, skin pink-tinged and wind blown.
“I’m not tryin’ to be complimentary. Compliments are hollow.” Dean rubs his face with his hand and rolls on to his side so he can see Cas’s face.
"This is important, Dean. I do not have the knowledge the average human has when it comes to behaviours of habit. I have no idea what a bintje is, and why it is different to a pink eye - isn't that a colloquial term for an illness where one rubs faeces into their eye? - or why there are orange and cream coloured carrots - aren't all carrots orange? - and-"
“Never mind,” Dean mutters. He feels Cas hum under his palms, which have worked their way to Cas’s back.
He tries not to think about that when he’s sitting opposite Cas, though. Tries not to think about how easy it would be to reach across the table, wrap his hand around the back of Cas’s neck, and pull the other man’s mouth against his. Even to reach under the table and stroke Cas’s thigh. Anything to release that sexual tension that he feels has been building since the day they first met at their base somewhere in the Pacific.
The room smells strongly of Dean, leather and spice and earth and sweat, and Castiel is finding it difficult to concentrate.
They stay like that for a while longer, not talking, Cas’s hand pressed against Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s hand moving to Cas’s knee. The silence isn’t uncomfortable – in fact, quite the opposite. It’s just breathing and heartbeats and radio static as the world turns around them.
Dean doesn't clearly recollect his actions from there. He remembers breathing deeply, trying to collect himself and his thoughts. He checks that he and Sam are mostly okay, no serious injuries, just whiplash from breaking so hard and a dull ache from where the seatbelt a cut in to their chests.
Dean pulls off and grins mischievously up at Cas, who immediately says “No.” because he’s as grumpy as fucking Oscar the Grouch in the mornings and can only speak in monosyllables. He runs the backs of his knuckles up the nape of Dean’s neck, gentling urging Dean’s mouth back towards his cock, and Dean happily complies. Dean sucks roughly, teasingly, enjoying watching as Cas’s self-restraint slowly breaks and he begins to almost fuck in to Dean’s mouth, his hips and hands twitching in concert.
“Ah, that’s my favourite too!” She hands back Dean’s card. “Um, you wouldn’t mind doing one thing for me though, would you?”
Cas has been a grumpy little shit since he came to the bunker. He’s borderline unpleasant in the mornings until he’s had a coffee or three (black like Dean takes his, no sugar), he hogs all the blankets, invades Dean’s personal space with his octopus limbs on the nights he does attempt sleep, and is downright demanding in when it comes to attention. He refuses to do the dishes or the laundry, doesn’t want to help care for Sam, won’t eat anything that isn’t a sandwich or a burger, and follows Dean around like a little lost puppy when they don’t have a case. So far Dean’s tried to send him to the supermarket for groceries, but all Cas returned with was a six-pack of beer, more coffee beans and the wrong sort of potatoes. He’s every bit the worst kind of child.
The carpet that runs through the house is a soft cream colour, and the walls are painted off-white, except for the kitchen, which has a linoleum floor and sunny yellow walls. No blood.
Dean grins and calls to Sam to 'get the car here asap - keys are still in the ignition'. Sam complies, running back towards the car. Dean makes it to the edge of the road and braces himself against Cas's weight.
There’s movement at the edge of his vision. A figure steps in to his line of sight. It reaches out and touches him, gently - too gently for him to be in prison - sweeping across his brow. Maybe this is Heaven; maybe Heaven smells like stale air and death and this is an angel coming to collect his soul.
“It was the first type of gun I ever owned. Got one when I was twelve.” Dean’s uncomfortable now – it’s been almost a minute, and Cas still hasn’t said anything. He swallows. “Dad said that it could be hidden easily.”
Cas tries to tell himself that he’s not love with Dean. Has been trying for years. He understands how the line between friend and lover can blur, how it’s a tight distinction. How platonic love can often be mistaken for romantic. Cas is not deluded, though; he knows that despite the fact they are rarely physical with each other, this is a one-off occurrence because both needed comfort. That the night before, as it trickles back in dribs and drabs, smeared by intoxication and unconsciousness, was an intimacy that wasn’t entirely platonic, but nor was it sexual. It crossed lines. It had felt like two young children fumbling for understanding, for definitive answers.
“No, but it wasn’t your fault, either. We forgive you, Dean. I had to file the report, and it was okay. Everyone understood.”
“Hey, at least I’m an angel. And Dorothy thinks I’m one too.” She taps her own halo pulls a slip of paper with a number scrawled on it from her pocket, her face splitting into a huge grin. Dean smiles back.
,” he says, realisation dawning. He shrugs out of the coat, letting the tan material flutter to the floor.
“I didn’t even need to mention how big my love of Game of Thrones is, or how many WoW achievement points I have. All in the Winchester charm.”
“I’ll ask around and see if anyone knows what it’s from,” Dean says, still staring at the words. They’re beginning to swim across the page, now, as his vision blurs.
And Dean wants to hug her, to press her against his chest and breathe her in, because even though she stinks like other men and stale booze and cigarette smoke, even though their marriage is over and they live in different houses, she’s alive. She’s alive and she’s still his best friend, despite all the shit he’s been though, and he needs to remind her more often, because Ben, Sammy and her are the only family he’s still got.
Dean presses his face against Cas’s neck, smiling a little despite the ball of guilt in his chest. “The guys forgave me?”
I’m thirty-six and tired, so fucking tired, my memories a relentless movie reel in my mind as I struggle through the days, waiting to die with each drag on a cigarette that chisels off a further eleven minutes of wasted life. But he’s quiet and intense and a splash of warmth in the cold wastes of my future, full cock-sucking lips and innocent baby blues. My best friend. He reminds me of fifteen year old me losing my virginity in a parking lot, and he gazes up at me with wonder as our bodies slide together in the dead light of morning. I try to remember what being so oblivious was like, life still filled with chance and possibility, but I come up with naught and instead press kisses against his inner thigh. “You’re mine, Castiel,” I mouth against his skin, and I want to carve the words into his bones and etch them into each of his heartbeats because I’m thirty-six and finally think I’ve found my salvation in the arms of a fallen angel who looks at me like I’m the sun.
Cas slides his gaze over Dean, sardonic and haughty, before turning back to stare out the window. The landscape outside the car continues to smudge to a world drawn in charcoals and pastels, swirls of colour muted by the dying sunlight.
8x22 Coda. Inb4 Finale destroys all headcanons. Sam locks Dean and Cas in the Bunker's dungeon so they have the opportunity to discuss 'feelings', etc.
“Now turn,” Dean says, “and change to second.” Cas obeys; the car moves smoothly. He does a few loops of the paddock, leaning forward in his seat, the intense focus he reserves for planning battle strategies and studying Dean concentrated instead on steering the car. Eventually he relaxes in to the motions, however, and pre-empts the change in the motor well. He only stalls three times and eventually stops gripping the wheel with whitened knuckles. Although after fifteen minutes, despite beginning to drive well, he slows the car to a halt.
He also thinks he recognizes another figure at the table, but… it can’t be. Long brown hair, a real honey.
As the little numbers on the alarm clock roll over to 12:10, Dean makes a decision. He rolls soundlessly off the bed and uses the screen of his cellphone as a light to guide him through the darkened room. Shrugging on a jacket, collecting his keys, and toeing on his shoes, he grabs the bottle of Jack from his bag, and slips quietly through the door. It clicks satisfyingly behind him.
"We're all a tiny bit broken, Cas,” Dean says, watching the way the strands of hair trickle through his fingers. It reminds Dean of a conversation they had a while back
“They didn’t have any pie,” Cas says, by way of explanation. He tilts his head towards the shopping back on the counter. Inside appears to be a carton of half broken eggs, toilet paper, Dean’s favourite sort of beer, a packet of beef jerky and… is that a copy of
“Yes,” Cas says, a delayed answer to Dean’s question. It feels more like permission. He wets his lips, keeping his gaze trained on Dean’s mouth, dragging his hand forward until he can thumb at Dean’s parted lips. Dean has no control over himself; he groans, sucking the tip in to his mouth, and Cas shudders. The salt-skin taste blossoms across Dean’s tongue. He feels those baby blues scrape up his body like a physical force until they meet his own; Cas’s pupils are totally blown, his breathing shallow.
Cas doesn’t respond, just walks quickly through the groups of patrons until he reaches an unmarked door. Dean shrugs on his peacoat and follows Cas out in what he assumes is an alleyway.
"You... should really obey speed limits," he hisses through clenched teeth. Dean laughs in relief, tension easing out of his body with each chuckle.
Dean, however, wants none of the fallen angel’s grumpy bullshit. He jerks the wheel sharply to the right, the car spinning off the road and in to the open paddock beside it, slipping to a halt on the tawny, sun-bleached Kansas grass.
"Get us home, Sammy, quickly," Dean says, shifting until he's pressed up against Cas's side. Cas is clearly unconscious now, reminding Dean of a broken bird as his coattails fan out over the seat.
But now, in your fantasy, he’s sinking to his knees after giving your dick a couple of lazy strokes. He looks up at you, blue eyes wide, wet fringe curling around his forehead and dripping down his cheekbones, lips sucked puffy and pink. He grips your thighs with too-strong hands and sinks down on your dick.
He pours over the evidence, trying to find something that might link the two deaths. He’s got nothin’, and that just makes him even more frustrated. What the fuck does a fifteen-year-old aspiring starlet from Tennessee have in common with a twenty-seven year old married woman who lives with her husband in the inner-city suburbs of LA? It’s doing his head in.
“No, Dean. I’ve been involved in trying to prevent a war from breaking out on the streets of LA,  and if we’d stayed in contact, you would have wound up as collateral.”
The tension immediately leaks out of Dean, the taught lines of his shoulders melting to a slouch. He looks five years younger as he peers across at Cas, green eyes glinting in the soft light. “Promise me you won’t leave me again,” he says weakly. “I can’t keep losing people, Cas. I can’t.”
Dean watches him carefully, eyes never leaving his face. It gives Castiel the courage to continue. He exhales.
“You had a choice; you could have picked me. But you didn’t. Instead you flew off in to the great beyond because you didn’t fucking trust me, after I’ve trusted you with everything, multiple times, even made excuses for you, and all you’ve done is break that trust. Yet here I am, still trusting you, and I don’t know why.” Dean pauses; takes a breath. He’s trying not to yell. He’s above that. “I even goddamn well prayed to you, Cas. Every night. What the fuck am I doing wrong? Did I not give you enough of a reason to stay? Am I not worth enough to you?”
; his best friend, his endless salvation, his warrior of heaven in borrowed human skin. It’s taken them twelve goddamn years, but for this? Totally fucking worth it.
Then Dean is pushing out of the car, not bothering to check the damage done, and pounds towards road.
loses meaning beyond a human construct designed to organise. There's no use for it in Purgatory as night bleeds to day and back to evening in relentless cycles.
He’d been stupid. So, so stupid. They’d stumbled across a village Dean thought was abandoned, hadn’t scoped the place out well enough, blundered through when they should have skirted its edges, no regard for the people who once lived there. But Dean was exhausted and desperate to reach camp and thought he was doing his mates a favor.
“I lived in India for six months,” Cas says, spearing one of Dean’s dumplings with his fork. Dean swats Cas’s arm away. “The curry is delicious, but it doesn’t quite compare. Have you travelled much?”
Plus, hey, the coroner won’t be done yet, and Benny’ll be getting edgy and unpleasant like he usually does when waiting, so Dean moves off down the street.
Dean rounds the aisle to see Cas making his way out the door with his hands caught tightly around the lobster. What the everloving fuck.
Dean doesn’t remember much of the drive to Cas’s, but soon they’re pulling up outside the house Dean remembers searching only a few weeks ago. Cas eases him out and pulls him up the front steps, guiding him straight up the staircase and in to the bathroom, pushing him to  the edge of the sink. A light flickers above Dean’s head. His thoughts are starting to run together, sticky and thick like treacle, and he tries to makes sense of everything through the fog as a dull throb begins in his left temple. He starts with small things, like how Cas’s long fingers are suddenly sorting through the cabinet beside Dean’s head; the feel of the damp porcelain beneath his ass; how the light way the light plays across the wallpaper and tints everything to a sickly green.
Cas knew what Dean had done, though – had watched with his own eyes – and Dean wasn’t sure he could face that now he was trying to ease back in to his old life. He’d prefer to remain a coward, considered a hero by friends and family. Cas just melted out of Dean’s life as easily as he’d slipped in and worked his way between the cracks of everything Dean thought he knew, and Dean resented him for it, just a little bit. That grew in to almost hatred for a little while, until Dean realized that it was misguided anger better aimed at the war. At himself. Because that was what he was really furious at, what he really hated. There’s always been a fine line between hatred and love, both intense passions dictated by sentiment, and if Dean really didn’t care for Cas any more, he’d feel nothing. Anger meant he felt too much.
“-Who takes a gun to his wife’s head when she steps outta line. Yeah, I know the drill,” Dean mutters. “We can hope it’s a lead, though. Could be another letter from the Werewolf Killer, like we got a few months back.”
Dean shifts, adjusting his leg so it’s pressed against Cas’s, and he glances across at the angel. “I’m trying here, Cas. I’m trying to be honest. Can we do this together? No more hero of the fucking hour bullshit?”
I’m twenty and broken. He tastes like cigarette smoke and coffee, sweet and sour and slightly bitter. Smells like sweat and danger. I lose all trains of thought as his teeth bite violet and indigo flowers across my collarbone, hands dancing down my spine. He holds me like I’m delicate, like I could break at any moment, but he touches me with a body aching with desire. It’s rough and gritty and makes me feel alive, even as he lowers me to the filthy mattress and I hear the crackle of a condom packet. “I’ll brand you like you’re mine, boy,” he whispers against my ear, palming a fifty into my hand. I whimper like a fucking twelve year old and –
He chooses the latter and paints on a smile, because he’s not some immature character from goddamn Days of our Lives. This isn’t a soap opera. This is his life, no happy ending guaranteed, and his smile feels tight and saccharine, pushing melodramatic, but it works. Cas’s face relaxes in to something a little less concerned; Dean just feels sick.
They lie entwined for a few minutes, breathing into each other, a snarl of body and sheet and skin caught against the cracked silhouette of dying time -
“I um… I…” he pauses as if testing how the words feel against his teeth. “I want to be with you, at all times. I want you. I need you, too.”
Benny disappears from view for a moment, reappearing in a flash of black coat. A river runs steadily somewhere to their left. It is silent, aside from the steady rhythm of their combined breathing and the sound of flowing water. The stillness of the air is almost oppressive.
“So why are you really here? What’s the dope?” Dean asks, lacing his fingers together. Bela’s features slide to something more serious.
Dean can feel burn of Cas’s cock as it drags against his ass, trying to hit that sweet spot. Cas traps Dean in the cage of his limbs as he leans over Dean’s body caught on the kitchen countertop, expression intense as he stares downwards. He bites at his lip and regards Dean with the same sort of concentration he reserves for complex strategizing and practical physics. Dean would laugh if Cas wasn’t balls deep inside him and he could think coherent thoughts. Instead he kisses whatever parts of Cas’s skin he can reach, tasting the tart sweetness of fruit and sugar mixed with the natural musk of Cas’s skin. It’s heady and wonderful. Cas palms Dean’s cock again, nails raking at his pubic hair, and Dean tries not to arch off the marble. Cas adjusts his angle, then, and manages to hit the jackpot; Dean has to stifle his moan against Cas’s forearm.
Cas turns and just squints up at Sam, face set in his usual, ‘I am a millennia old; what the fuck do you think?’ expression. Dean’s damn glad that someone else is on the receiving end of it for once.
There’s no indication of a break in, but Dean can’t poke around too much without gaining the attention of the neighbors, so he makes a couple of notes on his pad and begins to walk quickly back in the direction he came.
Cas looks even more confused. “Not that I’m aware of. She always said she was married to Jesus Christ. Something about the purity of the soul.”
But then Sam disappears before he can reprimand Dean, the strange flicker of his features as he changes in to something more mechanical - Sam-but-not-Sam - demands immediate attention, and all Dean’s inconsequential thoughts about sex disappear, because reality check, there are more important things than where Cas does or doesn’t stick his dick. All Dean wants, though, is a reprieve; a moment to take a breath, to collect his thoughts, to try and figure out what he needs to do. But of course he’s not granted even that, because this is his life, and there’s always a problem to be solved, people to be saved.
“Let’s go ice this motherfucker,” he says with all the composure he doesn’t feel as he steps forward in to the verdant undergrowth.
Dean is crying now, too, tears finding their way into Cas’ hair, his tiny, controlled breaths shaking with repressed emotion. Cas reaches out to lace their fingers together.
It’s an agreeable day, all things considered; aside from the pollution collecting on the horizon and the fact that his friend’s wife is dead (they are still friends, right?), the sky is close to a rich cornflower blue that reminds Dean of Kansas summers spent sprawled over sun bleached grass, heat-lulled and sleepy as he gazed the sky. This suburb is one of the nicer areas in town – not too ritzy, but still gentrified enough after the war that it doesn’t see much crime. A lot of houses with white picket fences and neat lawns and colorless exteriors line the street, not unlike Dean’s own neighborhood. The ‘Hollywoodland’ sign is visible as it hangs jauntily from the Hollywood hills. It’s pretty, even if shooting a gun felt far more normal to him than mowing the lawn ever did.
Next Cas is squeezing olive oil on to the fingers of his right hand. Dean shifts, his legs falling further open, length of his cock a full line against the scattering of dark hairs that run up to his navel. “This pie will never get baked,” Cas mutters before he’s pressing a finger in to Dean’s ass and sucking Dean’s hard cock in to the wet heat of his mouth. Dean moans. Cas nuzzles the junction of soft skin between Dean’s inner thigh and pubic bone with his nose, keeping a steady rhythm with his lips and finger.
It comes in a whisper; a puff of air against Dean's cheek. The loaded syllable feels like a bullet shooting from the barrel of his mouth.
Sam rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling, and he steeples his hands below his chin in his classic thinking pose. “I’d say, at this stage, the facts don’t look good. He has no solid alibi, the body was found close to the house, and there was no sign of a break in, as you said, suggesting she let her attacker in willingly. Or they had a key.”
Benny sighs loudly, nods, and heads out the back door. Dean follows shortly after, the photo burning a hole in his suit pocket.
“Um, Cas,” Dean eventually mumbles against Cas’s mouth, “I feel like we’re a bit of a cliché standing here with all this snow falling. It’s like a scene from a Christmas Special.”
She smiles innocently. “So you evidently have good taste, you’re hot, and I saw you check out my uncle’s ass earlier, so why aren’t you fucking him yet?”
. Not gonna lie; this is one huge geekfest and a tribute to both Dean and Charlie’s obsession with geek culture (Dean’s not quite so evident in the show, of course). Totally not influenced by my own interests. Nope. Oh, and I wanted to include Claire in some way. I feel like, if the situation was different, her and Dean would probably get on, so. I tried!
"I dunno. They're more Sam's thing. I think you put them in the freezer to put them to sleep before boiling them in a pot of fresh water."
It’s in a plain envelope with nothing but a stamp, the inked lettering of the post office it was processed at, and ‘LA Central Division: Homicide – Dean Winchester’ typewritten at the top. It lands directly on Dean’s desk, of course, because he’s the only one in the briefing room at the time, and he takes it directly to Bobby.
Dean tries not to make it a conscious thought, however, because actively knowing something could kill you only makes you more vulnerable, more likely to be killed. It becomes almost like a game that you’re an outside observer to, the present moment a gamble you’re not quite living.
Dean’s managed to stop most of the bleeding by tearing his undershirt in to long ribbons, which he proceeds to pack the wound with to stem the bleeding. The rest he wraps gingerly around Castiel’s abdomen. Sam watches in the review mirror, brow tight with concern.
It takes him about ten minutes to walk to Cas’s house. It’s an average sized home set a way back from the street, painted powder blue with an immaculate front lawn and a white picket fence and neatly pruned rosebushes that line the front path. One car remains in the driveway, which suggests that someone’s home, but Dean can see no movement inside. He knocks lightly on the door before moving around to the side of the house to observe. He waits about two minutes. No one answers.
“Because cooking is difficult,” Cas says. “I have to rub the butter in to the flour, but it doesn’t want to
Aiming his own gun, he fires at the group. His shot hits Alastair in the shoulder, disarming him, Alastair’s shot going wide. Lucifer sees Dean then, of course, and that’s when chaos breaks out.
“Yeah.” Dean takes another bite of cake. Chews contemplatively. Swallows. “So how old are your daughters?”
“’Sif that makes a difference. You’re gonna get sticky anyway.” Dean says. He runs his hands through the mess, hands slipping to trace the curve of Cas’s bony hips through the pale mush. “What even is it?”
“I’m so sorry, Cas. Call me. Please. As a friend, not as… yeah.” Dean attempts a smile, though he only really makes it to a pained grimace. Cas tries to return it, but it just succeeds in making him look even more miserable, and he clearly realizes it because his lips drop almost immediately. “Thank you, Dean. Truly.”
“You’re working the Daphne Novak case, right? I’m here to warn you. Get out. Now. This is way bigger than you or me, Dean. Leave it as a domestic; arrest Castiel Novak tomorrow on a murder charge. Don’t go poking where your nose oughtn’t be.”
“I tried to put the little bird in jail, far from harm’s way. Thought he was one of mine, to be honest. Clever little bird.” Lucifer is staring at Cas, now. He begins to sing, voice high and melodious, mouth twisted in up in to a smile. “A little Cock Sparrow sat on a tree, looking as happy, as happy as could be, ‘til a boy came by with his bow and arrow: says he, “I will shoot that little Cock Sparrow.””
If Dean thought exploring the other rooms was weird, it’s nothing compared to seeing Cas’s bedroom. There are nearly ordered suits in the wardrobe. The double bed is neatly made up with a purple floral-patterned bedspread – tight hospital corners – and a lace curtain dangles in the window, but there are few personal effects, save for a bunch of flowers on the dresser, a bookshelf stacked with medical books and fiction, and a record player by the bed. Dean spends as little time in there as he can, feeling even more like he’s violating someone’s personal space, life a thief.
“Well if it isn’t my favourite employee,” Crowley says, nodding in Dean’s direction. He turns to Charlie. “… And his sidekick.”
He’s bundled in to the passenger seat of his own car when they reach it. Cas doesn’t say anything, just takes the driver’s seat, and the engine thrums to life as soon as he twists the keys in the ignition. Dean would usually protest, but he’s feeling too groggy, too detached from reality, and, hey, if Cas can save Dean’s life twice, surely Dean can trust him with his baby.
Dean sighs. Shakes his head. “I just…” He rubs his hand across his face before looking back up at Cas. “This isn’t about me, anyway. You’re the one who lost your wife today. Can I get you a drink?”
The Japanese had ambushed them with a group of civilians in tow. They’d shot through open doors and windows at Dean and his men, hidden by the walls, and whilst they’d tried to shoot the enemy soldiers and only the soldiers, many of the civilians had either been hit or took their own lives. The death toll was high on Dean’s side too. The battle resulted in an exhausted victory.
Cas huffs out an awkward, frustrated laugh and looks uncharacteristically self-conscious as he hovers over Dean.
Cas is silent. Dean turns to see him frowning at the tank, brows knitted together in a tight line, his jaw set. Shrugging, Dean selects the fish he wants and asks if he can have half a pound of the stuff. The salesperson is handing it over when Cas says, "I want that lobster."
“Pretty much.” Dean drops to the floor and makes a show of pretending to get comfortable. Cas rolls his eyes and huffs. “Or you could, you know, angel-mojo us out of here, or something.”
It’s awkward angles and bones, at first. Too many hard elbows and knees; too many wayward limbs and thoughts tangled and framed by the harsh fluorescent light that floods the kitchen. It a scuffle for purchase on the other’s body, more like fighting than making love. Their teeth and noses bump. Hands grip too hard or not hard enough. Hips stutter in counterpoint before breaking to alternate rhythms. The line of their bodies, in theory, should be a congruous melody or progression – a perfect fifth. Instead they’re more like a dissonant chord, notes shattering against each other yet still working somehow.
The Japanese have this concept where they fix broken pottery with gold or silver and call it ‘Kintsukroi’, the art of repairing something to make it more beautiful.
It’s not until later when they’re lying under twisted sheets, the metallic tang of sweat and bitter salt scent of semen coalescing around their blended forms - all blurred skin and tangled limbs – that Dean finds the courage to say, “Why did you save me?” He mutters the question, glancing away from Cas’s too-blue eyes, and Cas frowns.
Dean suddenly gets it. “It’s assurance for you, isn’t it? You’re still worried that I’ll ditch you to settle down with some nice chick and have 2.5 kids and a picket fence in the ‘burbs like I’m Preston fucking Tucker? “
Japan, he thinks indistinctly, suddenly. The Japanese must have got him. This must be Changi - he’s in
They move off to separate rooms and separate beds, the chasm between them more obvious than it has been in a long time, but Dean can’t help but mourn the concept of her and what their relationship represents just a little bit tonight.
Dean asks around the station, and even calls Sam, before he starts to doubt that this is a poem at all. Maybe he’s imagining having read this before. Maybe it’s not a clue. Maybe it’s just some sick joke the killer’s playing. A game, like Bobby suggested.
“Yes, Dean; I inserted the angel tablet inside my lower abdomen between the lining of my intestine and –“
Dean moves off towards the living room, Cas following closely behind. He doesn’t bother to turn the light on, because the milky moonlight seeping in through the window is enough to cast Cas’s face in to sharp relief.
Dean can’t help himself – he laughs. He laughs so hard he almost slips off the sink. It’s been years since he’s been this hysterical – at least before the war – and he relaxes in to it, stopping only when his stomach aches and tears are streaming down his cheeks. Cas look bewildered, still clutching the tape and a pair of scissors, but he’s grinning.
“You were bleeding out over my comforter a few minutes ago!” Dean exclaims. Cas hums contemplatively. Dean just sighs and removes himself from the bed. He watches Cas unpack the wound to inspect the damage, blood only a slow trickle now, Cas flinching only slightly at the pain.
Cas turns the full force of his cerulean gaze back on Dean, heavy with implication. Dean looks irritated. Cas reaches out as if to touch Dean’s shoulder, arm suspended in the air halfway like an unanswered question, and Dean flinches away. Cas’s hand drops back to his lap, a conflicted look playing across his strong features. “I’m sorry about the pie. I’m still sorry for… everything.”
"So your children live in New York too?" Dean asks casually. People always love talking about their kids, though, so he’s not too worried.
He’d time it so you came together; he’d groan around your dick and suck it to the back of his throat with his own release, swallowing all he could. You’d double over and worry that your knees would give out. Eventually, your soft dick would slip from between his lips, and he’d rest his forehead against your stomach for a few moments, gathering himself, before you’d help him up and pull his head against your chest. You’d hold him there, stroking, whispering sweet nothings incoherently in to his skin, until the water ran cold.
“You’ve ruined me,” Cas murmurs warmly into his hair, pressing a kiss into his hairline. It almost sounds like some kind of prayer. “I wouldn’t change a single thing.” He pauses; a heartbeat. “I love you, Dean.”
they care is more than Cas has been afforded since before he fell. Maybe it’s more than he deserves. Cas has lost everything to free will, to the man beside him, but he is just one of the many casualties of this war, of Dean. An ex-angel whose existence will be scrubbed out of biblical texts as he is slowly forgotten, his name no longer leaving the lips of humans or angels. He is finite.
He undoes the ties around Dean’s wrist before swiftly replacing them with a set of his own, obviously concerned that Dean might try something. Settling back on his heels, he whispers in Dean’s ear, “These should snap when enough pressure is applied.” He presses his mouth against Dean’s, then, lightly, more a drag of lip than a proper kiss. “When you hear gunshots, run. The only exit is the one over there, but no one should notice. Please trust me.”
“I called her last night to see how she was. I didn’t stop off this morning because I assumed she’d be at work. She’s a teacher.”
“You’re never allowed to wear that shirt on a hunt again. Ever. Understand?” he growls in Cas’s ear. He can feel the press of Cas’s erection against his inner thigh, his own tenting his jeans obscenely. “Only on free days.”
Alcohol inhibiting Dean’s control over his thoughts, he thinks that Cas – in this moment - might be the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
Cas looks uneasy, like the puzzle pieces are starting to fit but he doesn’t like the picture it’s creating. Dean swallows and tries again.
If he doesn’t remove the pants, though, he won’t be able to stitch the wound properly. Decision made.
The punch comes out of nowhere, springing from the shadows, glancing off his temple and forcing him to the ground. His first thought is that he’s being mugged by some old prizefighter who knows his right hook, before another three punches are thrown, a knee is resting heavy his back, and the guy is whispering with sour breath in Dean’s ear. “We warned you. Relax; we’ll make it look like suicide.”
“Um,” Cas begins as soon as he reaches the couch. He doesn’t sit down. “You may be wondering why I didn’t give you a gift, as is customary in Western Christmas traditions.”
“About a block away, to the left,” he says. His own voice sounds breathy and thin, echoing too loudly against the sandstone wall and concrete paving. Cas guides him gently forward with a hand against Dean’s lower back, supporting him, reminding Dean of the times Lisa had to come and pick him up after he’d had too much to drink. It always happened on ‘bad days’, when Dean had managed little sleep the night before and was plagued all day by guilt and misery over everything that happened during his time overseas.
"I’m not gonna get rid of you, am I?" Dean mumbles irritably when the red numbers on the clock beside his bed indicate that fifteen minutes have passed. "C’mon, then. I’m not having you ‘watch over’ me all night, or whatever."
“Fantasized about that mouth since I first saw you,” Dean says, voice thick with arousal. “Not gonna lie.”
You haven’t seen him in three weeks, and it hurts. It’s become less of an emotional thing and more of a physical manifestation; your throat closes a little bit, sometimes, in response to the dull throb under your ribs that makes it hard to breathe; your skin itches with the need to be close to him; sometimes, everything just feels not enough, a sensation you can’t really explain with words.
Cas looks petrified. “I almost bought you a sweater like mine. I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have been so presumptuous, I -“
"No," Cas says, shifting his weight. "Every time I close my eyes, I’m transported to a new place. It’s disconcerting."
“I can’t do nothin’, though, Cas,” Dean replies, twisting his fingers through the phone’s wire, playing with the loops. “I was just gonna go and stake the place out, you know? Buy a beer, listen to-”
“Jesus was my favourite prophet,” Cas whispers conspiratorially as he pulls the top off another bottle. “It’s nice to be celebrating his birthday.”
Sam says nothing. Charlie reaches out a hand and rests it on his shoulder. The girl continues to sing about dreaming a little dream of me, and Dean wants to hit something.
Dean looks over at Cas, studying the smooth planes of his face, the coffee-coloured beard that creeps over the line of his jaw, the fullness of his mouth. In that moment, he is reminded of startlingly of Jesus. “I’m sorry, Cas. I wasn’t there for you when you needed me most.” Dean laughs bitterly. “I can add that to the long list of things I shouldn’t forgive myself for.”
Cas can hear Dean grinding his teeth in his sleep, and he realises, in that instant, that this might possibly be the most physically intimate habit he know about him. Dean’s sleep patterns, his utter vulnerability. Cas knows those demons that plague his mind to the point that he wears his teeth while dreaming.
There are no obvious weapons close by, and he assumes the boxes are filled with drugs. He’s right; opiates line the walls in tightly packed bags. This is a Vice cop’s wet dream.
“I acquired a taste for coffee whilst on the run. Black, like you usually take yours.” Cas takes a tentative sip. His lips twist in to a tiny smile as he looks across at Dean. “This is good.” He pauses. “I’m not sure what to do now, though. I have so much to tell you, Dean. And…”
The first thing that Dean notices is that Cas looks nervous. He’s fiddling with an object that’s caught in the sleeve of his hideous christmas sweater (it’s brown with white reindeers and pink flowers and Dean almost didn’t let him sit at the dinner table when he first saw it) and walking steadily forward.
Castiel looks pensive for a moment. “Yes. They were interesting times for Christianity. Martin Luther was a fascinating man; I watched his actions closely. I was present for the evolution of human kind, the birth of Christ and the 100-years war. I have met Gabriel, Raphael, Michael, and Lucifer, spoken indirectly to God, and have the names of all the prophets – current, future and past – seared into my consciousness. Chuck Shurley was the last; Kevin Tran is the present - however his whereabouts are currently unknown.”
“We’ll take it slow,” Dean says into Cas’ hair. He smells of Dean’s shampoo and something sweeter, like warmed milk. Tastes like coffee and
“Dean Winchester, you’re one of the smartest men I know, but sometimes, you can be exceedingly stupid.” Charlie huffs in mock irritation. “The man clearly desires the good ‘ol Winchester rifle. The way he looks at you, you’d think he and Daphne never slept together, and I know you and Lisa aren’t really together.”
Dean takes initiative this time and kisses the words right out of Cas’s mouth. “Sam got it right,” he whisper’s against sun-bronzed skin. “So thank you. Best christmas ever.”
He approaches Dean when Dean’s sitting off to the side on a couch in their living room, watching Garth and Sam argue over the best method to kill a harpy and Charlie and Kevin mutter over their third game of Magic. Dean’s feeling full and warm and content. But then Cas comes and - as he usually does - messes with Dean’s bubble of ‘zen’, flipping Dean’s perceptions upside down without realising it and (at least in this case) solving a never ending problem.
"Damn right he is." Dean shifts the car in to gear and backs out of the carpark. "Castiel, liberator of the lobsters."
“Fuck,” Dean says, watching the way Cas’s eyes smoulder at him from under long lashes. “You’re gonna kill me.”
Dean feels responsible for Cas’s actions back before the leviathan ‘killed’ him. He finally accepts that he was partially to blame for Cas’s downfall, in short, and he wants to make amends. First is getting the angel out of this goddamn hellhole. And while they remain here together, alone, with ample opportunity to discuss feelings, Dean believes he owes it to Cas to try and talk to him. Perhaps then – and only then – can he alert Cas to the other epiphany he’s had while here. Something that has been building for a long time, but that Dean has been too impervious to realise. It took all the events leading up to Dean’s rediscovery of Cas as Emmanuel for him to recognise his feelings, and his time alone in Purgatory to accept them.
Dean grunts, too preoccupied with fish to give a damn about Cas's questions. "They're not pets - you buy them live to eat."
He doesn't have to look far for Cas, though. The goddamn fallen angel is standing beside the Impala, grin stretching across his face, looking like the cat that not only got the cream but the whole fucking cake, too. Dean can't find it in himself to get angry when Cas looks like that. He wants something, wants to make it his, to nurture and care for it, and that's enough for Dean. Anything to get him out of the dark sulk that hasn't shifted since he fell. If letting him take care of a ridiculous lobster changes that, well.
Some people cry. Some people scream. Some people try to hit him, others accuse him of playing a cruel joke, and most attempt a variation or combination of all four.
“Don’t open it, you idjit,” Bobby says as soon as Dean explains what the envelope is. Dean huffs in response, irritated.
“You’d think a dickheaded suit would have better taste in alcohol, wouldn’t you. It’s all Garth’s goddamn fucking awful punch. Did I tell you that you look gorgeous tonight, though? Because you do.”
Cas doesn’t respond for a moment. He looks sad. “You know I can’t promise you that, Dean. I can try, but I have my own life, my own responsibilities. It’s always been this way. It likely always will. I’m an Angel of the Lord; I cannot shirk my duties for a human, not even the righteous man. Even if Heaven is in anarchy.” His mouth quirks in a tiny, grim smile. “What I can promise you, though, is that I will always return, no matter what. You have my word, Dean.”
“I… no.” Dean touches Cas’ face with the hand that isn’t caressing his back, dragging his fingertips through the tears, down his cheeks until they brush Cas’ lips. He tastes salt and dust.
As soon as Cas mentions having sex with someone who isn’t Dean, it hurts. Dean pretends it doesn’t, of course, but it’s agony – like a salted knife blade pressed against his chest. He chokes on his food, jealousy – acrid and hot – pooling in his stomach, and he lurches forward, emotion bleeding in to his tone. “You had sex with April?”
Cas’s skin is hot and velvety under Dean’s hands, stubble rough but not unpleasant as it grazes his palm. Breaths are shared as Dean leans further into Cas, desperate to edge closer as his thumb hooks under the bolt of Cas’s jaw. Cas’s mouth stretches into a grin under his pinkies. He smells like cinnamon and coffee and earth, sweet and slightly spicy. Dean can almost taste it on the air as he inhales open-mouthed.
Cas doesn’t get the innuendo; instead his features draw together in an exasperated pout. “Fine,” he mutters. Dean smirks before pushing his lips against Cas’s cock. Cas whimpers, a small, high sound that makes goosebumps erupt across Dean’s exposed skin. He eases the underwear off Cas’s ass and throws it to the ground, leaving Cas wearing only a very dirty shirt. Cas’s fingers pick at the hem of Dean’s own t-shirt, trying to pull it off, so Dean helps him and it, too, ends up on the floor.
Two hours and a fruitless attempt at searching through the local library’s poetry section later, Dean and Charlie call it a night and head over to one of the new clubs that has opened in town. It’s more modern than the Silver Spoon, and it plays god-awful bebop, but Dean stays because it’s making Charlie happy.
He figures that this is gang related somehow, what with he’s been threatened, but something just doesn’t add up. Maybe it’s some snuff film organised by Mickey Cohen? That’s basically all Dean’s got, right now.
“It works both ways, though,” Cas continues. “We have to trust each other, to communicate. Uh, as you might say, ‘keep the lines open.’” He reaches out properly this time, grasping Dean’s face; a mirror of his action that day in the crypt. Except this time, they’re on equal footing. Dean isn’t broken and bleeding as a result of Cas, and there is no mind control, no angel tablet; instead they’re both sitting on a cold, hard floor in the middle of an ex-torture chamber, sharing body heat and words. “I need you, too,” Cas repeats. Dean fists his hand in to the folds of Cas’s coat, clutching Cas’s wrist, staring up at him. They remain like this for a few moments, leaning closer, breathing each other’s air, until –
Cas nods, watching Dean’s hands on his wrists. Dean pulls away and stares straight ahead. “Now switch the stick to first-“ he shows Cas how to move the gear stick in to first position – “take off the handbrake, and ease down on the pedal.”
Eventually, after six futile attempts at engaging Cas, Dean decides he’s had enough. As Cas raises his hands to gesture to Benny, Dean’s fingers form loose manacles around Cas’s wrists, preventing the angel from pulling away. Cas just stops, brow furrowed, eyes glittering in the dull sunlight as it shafts through the trees and plays over his face.
Waking in a hospital bed appears to becoming a theme in Dean’s life. It’s he’s second time in as many years.
Your eyes suddenly snap open and they’re not met with black hair and bronze-kissed skin; instead you’re standing alone in the bunker shower, Sam banging on the door yelling, “Dean! Dean, are you okay in there? You haven’t slipped over drunkenly in the shower, have you?” and you’re yelling back roughly, “Nah, just enjoying the heat,” before you turn off the water and step out in to the bathroom. You feel kind of nauseous, now, the pain of missing him greater than ever, but you try to swallow it down with another gulp of beer as look at your reflection in the mirror.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is sleep roughen and husky. Whiskey and smoke. He pulls away from Cas and stretches, thin t-shirt riding up over the V of his hips to reveal a line of skin and hair, and Castiel’s breathing hitches.
Dean eventually walks over to the door to turn the light off before returning to the bed. Cas scuttles over, trying to make himself as small and unobtrusive as possible.
There’s an unusual tension between the two of them. Cas takes the washcloth and begins dabbing gently at the cut on Dean’s head, his left hand curling around the bolt of Dean’s jaw to keep Dean’s head steady. It’s strangely intimate. Dean watches Cas concentrate on his injuries; the way his tongue darts out occasionally to wet his lips, the easy rise and fall of his chest, the lines between his brows as he focuses. He smells like wet earth and cinnamon and something sweet, like warmed milk.
“That’s all, Doctor Novak,” Benny almost growls. “You’re remaining here ‘til we get enough evidence to either make a formal arrest, or release you.”
First, Dean dials his mother in law’s house and tells Lisa that he’s going to be home a little later tonight, so she shouldn’t drop Ben around too early. Then he calls Sam’s office number up at Wilshire and asks if he wants to meet for a drink. Sam agrees.
“Anyway, s’nice to see you, even if it is unexpected.” Dean sighs contentedly as Cas’ fingers start carding absent-mindedly through his sandy-brown tufts.
“Perfect,” Claire says. “You’ve managed to do what you came here to do, Cas – placate your boss and get the number of the hot guy you’ve been pining after for weeks - so can we go now, please?”
"I want... you, Dean." His gaze shifts upwards to meet Dean's, skin tingling hot and too tight. Something warm and wonderful shoots between them. Dean's fingers tense against his own, and the muscles around his lips tighten. "I want things beyond you, but the only thing that you can give me, right now, is yourself."
The club is Dean’s preferred haunt as it still plays good-old classic jazz, not the shit bebop rubbish that’s popular these days. Big Band really isn’t Dean’s thing – he’s definitely in to musical minimalism. Give him Ella Fitzgerald over Charlie Parker any day.
Except it’s not a rifle, it’s a revolver, and the shadows are walls, not hills. Concrete, solid and safe, rests under his feet. He breathes in inner-city air. A flicker of movement in front of him indicates that his target, dressed in a long coat and a fedora, is hiding in the darkness as it bleeds across the pavement. No uncomfortable canvas uniform, either; just the shirt he put on when he woke up this morning and the weight of his usual wool pea coat.
Then presents are distributed. Kevin and Charlie both receive an assortment of video games; Dean, Sam and Garth end up with a lot of beer (and Dan with a Star Wars shirt, thanks to Charlie); and Cas receives a bunch of new clothes. Dean’s a little bit confused when Cas gives a gift to everyone but him, though. Not that he was expecting anything, but… yeah. It seems odd.
Cas just grins like the cat that got the cream as Dean tugs him over to the cash register to pay for the stupid thing.
“Not right now, it’s not,” Dean says, gazing back at Cas, pupils blown wide. “Sex is better than pie. Consider this your apology.” He leans down to press kisses to Cas’s inner thigh. “I’ll uh, clean you up afterwards, no worries.”
“How are you feeling? Really,” Dean tries again, an echo of a future conversation they’ll have on a motel bed in Oklahoma weeks from now. “And don’t try and bring it back to me, or reply with a snarky retort.”
"Cas!" he yells in to the darkness. The moon is a heavy orb low in the sky, protected by wispy clouds. Milky light refracts awkwardly off the landscape. The world is fuzzy and too bright as he stumbles up in a half-jog up to the bitumen, Sam breathing heavily behind him.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” He tries to wink but is pretty sure his face just twitches unattractively. Sam buys it, though, and mutters something unintelligible before turning back towards the track.
He doesn’t really know what he’s saying, except Cas looks wrecked, hand and hips losing rhythm as Dean talks. He’s pulled his bottom lip into his mouth and rolls it between his teeth, eyes unfixed and unblinking, cheeks flushed deep pink, the color creeping down his neck and across his chest. Dean wants, and wants, and wants. He takes.
“Yeah, well, you and every other murderer, Novak. Only the evidence can determine that,” Benny says. “And perhaps the jury. You can expect to hear from us later today. Dean?”
“Sorry,” he says, sitting on the chair next to Benny’s. “I had trouble getting Ben to school this morning.” There was actually an argument with Lisa, because Dean had spent the night pacing the corridors of their house after his dream, unable to sleep, and Lisa was angry that he’d kept her and Ben awake.
“Hey guys!” Charlie says enthusiastically, pushing herself into Crowley and Cas’s conversation. She shoves Dean in the back, hard, in order to push him into the circle, and Dean forgets about trying to talk to Claire. A conversation with a teenager about Magic: The Gathering is going to beat whatever painful tortures this interaction’s gonna be.
Dean is everywhere, then. Broad hands are cupping Castiel's jaw and there's a warm, wet pressure against his lips and his brain whites out for just a moment. Then he's back in Dean's bedroom, arms filled with another body as it moves against his, fingertips touching him like he's fragile, precious - worth something. It hurts. It overwhelms. It makes him truly understand want as Dean kisses I love you, too against the seam of his mouth.
“Shouldn’t we talk about this first, though?” Dean reluctantly eases his hands out of Cas’s pants and presses them again his chest instead, pushing him away just a little. Cas huffs.
Dean hasn’t looked at Cas directly since he told him he had to leave three hours ago, but now he pulls Cas in to a tight hug. Cas remains rigid. Dean snuffles at Cas’s neck a little and says wetly, “It’s not you, Cas, it’s me. I…”
So Dean gets his fantasy in the end, curled up on the couch with Cas, mugs of hot chocolate and Dr. Sexy forgotten as they make out like teenagers. And, hey, maybe Christmas isn’t so bad after all.
“What’ve we got, Bobby?” Dean begins, looking eagerly across at the Captain. “Give us the straight dope. Tell me it’s something big.”
Dean deliberately ignores the implication. “Downstairs is clear, anyway. I’ll recheck the bedrooms before moving to the back yard.”
“We can still cook the pie,” Dean offers, using his t-shirt to clean the mess off his stomach. Cas looks simultaneously alarmed and affronted.
Cas lazily fires off four shots, easily hitting each of the cans dead center like he spends his free time shooting bullets. He turns back around and sets that penetrating blue gaze back on Dean. “You’re immensely attractive when you’re handling a firearm, Dean. Also when you’re instructing me. I couldn’t help myself.”
9x03 coda. A lot of ppl were upset by the ep, so I tried to make it better by writing a couple of deancas codas.
“Dean?” Cas rumbles, turning to face him, frowning, his voice smoke and whisky and broken glass. “What are you doing here? Are you… drunk?”
“My father always wanted my brothers and I to be soldiers,” Cas’d replied thoughtfully after a beat. He’d taken another mouthful, didn’t react to the awful flavor, and finished it before he’d continued. “I tried to buck the trend by getting a medical degree, but clearly I inevitably wound up here anyway. Drafted, in the end.”
The 'end call' button is hit before Dean can reply. He's not sure if he'll ever get used to saying those words quite so easily.
Dean and Cas are glaring daggers at each other resolutely across the table when Sam finally reaches his breaking point.
“Don’t worry about it,” Cas says, trying to sound like Dean’s presence isn’t affecting him, that his all too-human heart isn’t fluttering futilely like a bird with broken wings against his breastbone.
An idea hits him as he looks around the room and his eyes settle on today’s newspaper. He calls the Los Angeles Times and puts an ad in the Classifieds mentioning the title of the poem.
"So er, did you use protection?" It sounds vaguely uncomfortable, the words gruff as they try to stick in his mouth, but it’s okay. And Cas - Cas, fucking bless him, no matter how much Dean is hurting right now - mentions angel blades, because of course he’s never had a sex ed class in his life and probably thinks condoms are a sort of greasy oblong balloon. He’s never had to worry about petty human things like illness before.
“You’re not more concerned about the tablet?” Cas cocks his head, fingers picking at the makeshift bandages around his middle.
. It needs to look like‘breadcrumbs’, according to the recipe, but at the moment it just looks like lumps of yellow in white.”
It’s this tacky little bee that wraps around your finger to form a ring in a $2 bin at Wal-Mart, cast in banana yellow and jet black, and it’s quite possibly one of the most god-awful toys Dean has ever seen.
Cas laughs, and it’s a short, surprised sound. “You are utterly ridiculous,” he says, but he steps forward. “And only if you make a pass at me first.”
“You’re as bad as Sam.” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger and squeezes his eyes shut against the pressure. “And Crowley can’t do shit with the tablet. We have Kevin.” Dean doesn’t mention Metatron, at this stage, figuring that it would be too much for Cas. Instead he walks to the doorway and points out in to the hall.  “I’m just going to check on Sam. Call out if you need anything; I’ll hear you.”
The assistant asks when Dean’s goddamn well got his fork wedged between his lips and his mouth stuffed with cake. They’re sitting in the wedding cake tasting shop - which is named something ironic like Heaven’s Cakes - waiting for Sam to text them with the name of the dude who’s been shoving hex bags in tiered monstrosities. The place is filled with too much pastel and ribbon for Dean’s taste, and now they’ve got this stranger with a lurid nametag that reads “Cynthia" asking about the state of their non-existent relationship.
Because Castiel didn’t just fight with Dean in Okinawa - he saved Dean’s life. And that’s not something Dean’s likely to forget in a hurry.
"Come with me, both of you," he says finally, rising from his chair, "I want to show you something." He gestures down the hall. Dean and Cas both startle, Sam's voice pulling them from their reveries, and tentatively stand.
“It’s so fantastic that you’re so happy together,” she’s saying over Dean’s head as he eases himself up. “When’s the big day?”
Cas huffs and approaches the racks of sweater vests. He’s apparently developed a thing for them, and regardless of Dean’s protests and idle threats of refusing to sleep with Cas if he keeps wearing them, every time they visit a clothing store, the fallen angel insists on buying a new one. It’s driving Dean nuts.
Dean enters then, brandishing the file on the case in front of him like a shield, and both Benny and Cas’s heads turn to stare at him expectantly.
"Please tell me," Dean murmurs when Castiel pauses again. "I want to give you something. Anything. You've given me so much, Cas. What I want is to thank you."
“You have no idea how long I’ve…” Cas says against Dean’s lips, pausing before running his teeth lightly down Dean’s neck. Dean whimpers. “I’m crazy about you. You got under my skin, and…” He doesn’t finish. Instead he moves back and begins licking at the seam of Dean’s mouth, both hands moving to cup Dean’s face. Dean rests his own hands on Cas’s lower back, pushing against the fabric of Cas’s shirt until his own fingers are pressing in the dip above Cas’s ass.
Castiel stands in the university office, dirty trench coat hanging limply off his too-thin frame, tax account getup tattered and warn as he leans into the personal space of the woman behind the desk.
“What is it, Sammy? You found something in those notes?" Dean says, hurriedly stepping forward to keep up. Castiel follows patiently behind.
Regardless of his feelings, Dean just wants Castiel back. To know that he’s okay; that he’s safe. He can’t stand this waiting game. “Goddamn it, Cas,” he slurs out loud as he stumbles over the crest of a hill.
“Dean Winchester. You know where I live, jerk. My LAPD badge number is 8093, I drive a 1937 Chevy Master. My favorite gun is my Ithaca 1911 service revolver I never turned in. That enough for you, baby?”
“The Blackbird. Yes, it’s not bad; she gets a lot of tips. Working there today, in face. I can’t keep her on here all the time here, you see; I can run it by myself, mostly. She just helps with the baking really.”
Dean grunts. “What’s with the tinkerbell act? The sudden mood swings?” He’s trying not to be distracted by Cas’s denim-wrapped thighs pressed against his own. “Becoming a fairy now you’re no longer an angel?”
She levels him with an even gaze, her wide blue eyes, cherubim face, and tawny hair giving her an angelic air, like butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth. She’s challenging him, and he knows it. “You’re just pretty cool. You know, for an old guy. And hot. Bit of a DILF, I guess. Cas didn’t mention that part.”
Cas rolls his eyes and presses the accelerator down easier this time. The Impala glides forward, slowly, riding across a sea of golden blades. The contrast of the light greens and bronze is gorgeous against the deep blue sky, fluffy clouds skimming across as the sun begins to sink below the horizon.
“Naw, it’s not. Still could be seen as a potential motive, though. Wanted to bop her off so he didn’t have to pay her out.”
It’s Dean’s turn to laugh. “I’m not, Cas. She obviously thinks we’re a real couple here to sample the delights of Heaven’s Cakes before our ‘Big’ - with a capital ‘B’ - day. We’re only still here ‘cause it’s her daughter who’s been planting the hex bags, and we need to know how to get in contact with her since she’s not working here today. I figured the best way to do that way to try and win the day’s more adorable couple award.”
Cas smiles a little then, something genuine and warm and private, not pained like earlier in the evening. The quirk of his mouth is as if he understands a lot of things that Dean doesn’t. “Good night, Dean. And thank you.”
After sending a wink in Charlie’s direction, she wanders off, hips swaying, perfect golden hair bouncing against those elegant shoulders, and Dean swears he hears Charlie sigh wistfully.
It ends as soon as Cas pulls away, which is way sooner than Dean wants. His skin prickles with disappointment.
I’m thirty-three and unattached, belonging nowhere and to no one. My body curls around his like a question mark, the long, languid line of us an incongruous query. Winter sunlight, washed out and weak, struggles through the grimy windowpane, Manhattan a dull blur as the city grinds through another day. He draws patterns across my chest with his fingertips. I huff small breaths into his hair as they curl like ink-stains across his forehead.  “You’re your own person, Dean,” he chuckles into the empty air, dust motes trailing in the wake of his exhale. “I doubt you’ll ever be anyone’s in any capacity because-“ but I silence his lips with mine as the dull sound of suction echoes around us and-
Cas insists on taking him to an expensive Indian restaurant. Dean insists that he’d be perfectly happy with a burger at the closest diner, but Cas insists that he’s going to do this properly. So there’s wine and silver service and shared curries and excellent conversation. And, hey, it might not be pie, but Dean is in love with the gulab jamun.
Dean almost chokes on his cake in his attempt to hurriedly swallow the mouthful, but it sticks to his throat and the roof of his mouth he can barely breathe around the chocolate mess, let alone get words out. He tries to reach under the table to pinch Cas’s leg, or touch his hand, or anything to try and get him to stop, but of course he’s too late.
“Naw,” he says, his Southern drawl thick like it always was in the morning before he’d had his second cigarette and third coffee of the day. Dean’s worked with him long enough now to know his habits. “Likely the usual situation, though. You know - good old GI Joe with all that anger but no out, bit of a souse-”
It’s always the last time, Cas thinks. Whether it’s because Dean feels guilty for using Cas, or because the next day they’re leaving the camp and one likely won’t come back alive – well. How Dean poses the statement depends on his mood. Tonight, it’s gruff, not sweet and considerate – a statement of fact as opposed to a persuasive plea. Guilt, then. They might live to see one more day.
“I’ve had suspicions for a while that you... I mean, once I moved past the ‘denial’ phase, I understood… yeah.”
Dean pushes his plate away, makes a display of stretching his arms and pulling away from Cas, and stands up. “Well, thanks much for this. The cake was delicious. I think we’ve got all we need though, now, Cas. We’ve gotta make that um, tux fitting appointment by three and uh, the florist stuff by four.”
“Thought I heard you say distinctly – and I quote – ‘No’,” Dean says, raising an eyebrow. Cas looks hunted. He briefly looks back over his shoulder at Lucifer again, almost as if it’s a subconscious action. Lucifer, who’s – whoa, okay, creepy as all get-out – just staring at them, grinning sardonically.
Sorry sounds so goddamn easy. Sorry feels so fucking inadequate. But Cas knows that Dean can’t love him. He tries to accept it, even though it fucking hurts worse than being killed by an archangel or falling from heaven or losing contact with all one’s family and being so frighteningly
“Charlie, sorry to sink your ship or whatever, but queer relationships aren’t exactly considered cool, alright? If anyone found out…”
Dean startles, looking up, hands slipping on the trousers. Cas’s intense blue stare rakes across Dean’s face. Dean freezes; having the angel back with him, feeling Cas’s muscles shift beneath his palms, watching the colour of a Kansas summer sky play across Cas’s irises, is borderline too much. It’s like drinking after days without water.
“Whatever you say, boss,” Cas returns sardonically, voice betraying none of his sentiment. He rolls over until his face is pressed into Dean’s pectoral, the scent of him – whiskey and leather and gunpowder – overwhelming Cas in a way that the sex never could. Dean gently drapes an arm around Cas’ shoulder. Cas hums. They lie in silence for a few moments, Cas tucked against Dean’s side, his breaths small humid puffs across Dean’s nipple. When Dean clears his throat, however, Cas knows something big is coming. He’s known Dean way too intimately for far too long; can read his thoughts in the lines fanning from his eyes, his mood from the set of his jaw. Is fluent in the grain of his skin, and could draw where each freckle lies dusted over the bridge of Dean’s nose, if asked.  Some days, each breath Dean takes that isn’t for him feels like a sharpened blade pressed against his jugular. His love for the man is all-consuming.
His only saving grace - between yelling at the corkboard, conversations with Sam, and shifts downtown - is that Cas comes over occasionally, when they both have time off work, under the pretense of enquiring about Dean’s general progress. Mostly they just chew the fat, though, but Dean’s okay with that; they don’t talk about the war or failed marriages or either of their pasts, just Cas’ patients and Dean’s friends and the happenings at Central. It’s nice. Sometimes he even manages to convince Cas to join him down at the Silver Spoon, and those are his favourite sort of evenings. There’s something about the way the light from the candles there plays across the planes of Cas’ face, the way that it catches in his eyes, the way that Cas’ voice sounds even more like smoke and whiskey over gravel and broken class after a couple of beers, that has Dean entertaining thoughts of Cas in the shower.
"Stay safe," Dean says, voice thick with an emotion Cas cannot describe. He nods, smiles, and leaves the Impala, heaving the duffle up on to his shoulder.
“I didn’t kill her, though,” Cas says quietly in to the dark room, and it almost sounds like an aborted prayer. “I’m sorry. I’m not even sure why I came here, really; I know it’s entirely inappropriate. I suppose I just… currently have few people I can rely on.”
“I assume this isn’t a social visit,” Cas says, sitting down on the chair behind his desk. Dean looks away sheepishly.
Castiel moves his hands until they're clasped loosely around Dean's. Dean doesn't pull away. Castiel peers with narrowed eyes through his lashes, squinting at Dean's face, head tilted like a curious puppy as he catalogues the muscles working under the epidermis to produce Dean's current expression. Something in the set of Dean's brow gives him confidence, and before he can stop himself, the word has trickled from between his teeth.
Cas may be oblivious, but he’s one of the smartest guys Dean knows and he cottons on quickly. “Yes. A month. I cannot wait.” He dead pans it, though, his voice holding no emotion, and he makes no effort to be more affectionate towards Dean. They need this woman on side, for fussake, so they can ask about her daughter. Desperate measures. Dean takes Castiel’s fork from where it’s sitting beside his plate, cuts a bit of cake off with the edge, and moves it towards Cas’s mouth. For an awkward moment, Dean worries that Cas won’t comply, but his jaw opens mechanically and Dean pushes the cake inside. He brushes the stray crumbs off from around Cas’s lips with his thumb.
“No,” Dean says, stepping aside, moving back in to the open space in the center of the room. It’s cold in here; he can see his breath collect on the air in front of him with every exhale.
“The caramel,” he and Cas both answer in unison. They glance at each other in surprise, faces splitting in to matching smiles.
Cas to volunteer information? He doesn’t want to get back down stairs to find a bloodied Cas curled up in a chair.
Cas is Dean’s best friend, for fuck’s sake. Dean takes a few more angry steps forward, swallowing down some more alcohol. He would never intentionally threaten or fuck up the best friendship he’s ever had by admitting that he has a stupid crush – like a fucking twelve year old - on the beautiful, broken, rebel angel. How could a friggin’ Angel of the freaking Lord – who has watched the entire world from its infancy, every stupid mistake humanity has ever made; who sees sex as tedious, repetitious – ever reciprocate feelings for gutter-soul Dean who has built his entire existence around his absent and fucked up father (daddy’s little blunt instrument) and who has tortured souls in hell (and enjoyed it, he reminds himself bitterly) and who started the goddamn apocalypse - beyond the entirely platonic love he’s been conditioned to feel by God?
“It’s a domestic,” Bobby says firmly, voice gruff, “plain and simple, so treat it as one. Got it? Or do you need it in writin’, too?”
Castiel grabs a bag of the 'fettuccine', too, for good measure, along with a can of alphabet soup, the rest of the items on the list, and a few other things he thinks look interesting. He also selects the largest bottle of the lube Dean likes on his way out, thinking Dean will be pleased. This is the one thing he knows.
Dean tells Cas these things as they’re lying on his bed. The angel is curled up against Dean’s side, head on resting his chest. Cas is recalling his conversation with Naomi, voice smoke and gravel as it rises and falls with the melody of his words, lips pressed to the sensitive part of Dean’s neck. Dean’s fingers card through the wisps of dark chestnut hair that cover Cas’s head as he talks, trying to soothe him.
“You’re an awful teacher,” Cas moans, trying to press his ass up into Dean’s groin. “Or maybe too good – I’m not sure yet.”
Cas sighs, deep and guttural, sleep-warm and loose limbed as Dean presses open-mouthed kisses down the V of Cas’s hips. Dean’s considering working him open until those heavy-lidded eyes are wide open and blown black, but instead he sucks Cas lazily in to his mouth and runs his palms up Cas’s thighs. This elicits a groan. Cas’s fingers flex against Dean’s neck.
Dean nods, a muscle flexing in his jaw. “Yeah. I’ll find the nearest police box and call Records and ID so the coroner can check the body.”
When Cas doesn't move, however, Dean just rolls his eyes and walks towards the vegetable displays. Cas will come and find him again in a few once he's gotten over himself.
