The bathroom was empty. The stalls were empty, he wasn't either in men's or women's... He wasn't in the diner either.
And listening to his angel talk so much, sometimes switching to that rumbly Russian language that gives his already low voice some weirdly enticing quality is very... nice.
He didn't know what was the problem. Whether Cas was afraid of the dark, or being left alone in it, or the guy near him. Maybe all of the above.
Cas just raised a brow. That statement wasn't even stating the obvious, it was closer to "water is wet" level.
While there is some black, most of Cas' wings are bright and radiant blue. They start off with soft gray-ish hues at the base, where they seem to just appear from Cas' human skin. The feathers there are small and smooth, so close together, fitting seamlessly, looking closer to fur. They are smooth and silky under his touch and almost hot with skin and flesh so close under them, coiled power reeling to be set free.
"I can see that... I'm sorry, again, they always get like that after a few too many drinks. I am Lance, nice to meet you...?"
They’d met in college on the Cinematography course Dean randomly picked up between chasing his Masters in Advertisement. They found an easy friendship and fairly satisfying, no-strings-attached sex in each other and had never really separated since then. It’s also a huge plus right now that Benny is a talented operator bored to death with his current job on the local TV network.
Castiel chuckles, seeing Dean's face crunches up in confused and embarrassed frown. He stares at his phone, bewildered, as though trying to decide whether it's actually Cas talking, and he misses the angel himself finally reaching him.
At least, no matter how sleazy he looks, he is an excellent professional, handling the books and the hiring.
Just a little bit more every time, the makeshift beads, the size of which are ever increasing, are pushed into him.
He nearly screams when Dean, trying to hug him closer, skirts over the edge of his wing, too sensitive and vibrating in its confines.
As the mother had tried to calm the kid down, she only cried harder. In the incoherent sobbing Dean caught something about the "cold" and the "dark", which was understandable.
"Anything. Anything for you, sweetheart," - was the passionate answer, slipping from blooded lips with a slight lisp because of the fangs, so weirdly adorable.
And he knew exactly what he was doing. He may have been blushing, but there was no hesitation in his tone, only teasing insolence. Turning to lust as Dean retaliated, getting his hands right in the mess of the black hair and tugging.
After arriving at the resort, with bags still in the car for now, Dean finds himself nodding to the rhythm of the
No, Dean Winchester has finally entrusted him his heart, fully and openly. And the angel is soaring on a high he could not have hoped to reach, not even with his fully returned-in-glory wings... Though they are nice too, of course. The almost but never truly forgotten weight of them on his back, the true stretch of his power. And now he knows Dean likes them too, likes them
"I... Yes... Sorry..." - Cas mumbled, ashamed yet still barely holding his strength in check, emotions threatening to overthrow his last barriers.
Dean swears--silently--because attracting the attention of the monster when he doesn't even know where Cas is, is probably not that good an idea. Surveying said monster on the other hand...
Dean keened softly, surrendering, just letting Cas take all that he wanted, all that he could, and that earned him a trail of soft kisses along his spine.
Dean looks sleepy, eyes closed and tension gone from his body, but the words he speaks sound serious and content.
"Cloud Nine Resort will deliver you and your partner to a better place right on this Earth! Inclusive, remote, with attentive staff and various activities available for your enjoyment, we are located at the stunning Lake of the Clouds, Michigan. Come and rest in our little slice of Heaven."
Dean blames his still high-on-happy-sex-hormones brain for letting that many words slip, but Cas straight up blushes at the praise and Dean can't find it in himself to regret it. Not until Cas' face falls a little, a closed off expression taking the place of shyness, and Dean frowns and leans in closer on instinct, not liking the change at all.
It sounds like an accusation somehow, but Dean's automatic protests die on his lips, when he finally has a presence of mind to actually look at Cas. He's almost blinded by all the naked skin suddenly right there for his perusal, but he's also not given much time for it. Cas presses forward, until Dean is plastered along the wall, cold tile under his back and Cas, hot, wet and glorious at his front. He gasps when he feels Cas' already hard cock drag along his thigh, and the angel takes that as the opportunity to claim his mouth in a dizzying kiss.
Enraptured, such beauty and grace above him, that man he loved so much getting lost in his own passion and pleasure.
"We don't have to do it that way if you're uncomfortable, Dean. I told you, it does not matter to me if we are... public. Knowing that you are mine is more than enough."
"Stay," - he shoves the squirming human back into a tree, pinning him with a stern--as much as he could manage right now--gaze, - "Lube."
The pool is packed though, seemingly every current guest of the resort hiding from the rain or just enjoying the heated water.
They are back at the cabin and as Dean goes through the rooms, collecting their belongings, he finds himself... nostalgic.
was the limit and he keened as a sudden orgasm tore through him, stars in his eyes and toe-curlingly good, without his dick being touched once and a strangled cry of Cas' names on his swollen lips.
"It said they picked only the most exceptional... Rare individuals, whose souls were pure. Righteous, one might say."
"Anyway, we can't really grab him yet... Only watch. Honestly, with your help. Well. It'd be great, but I'd rather not. I am not putting you, the civilian, in danger."
It’s just an off-hand comment, as he stands bored, waiting for the clerk to show up, but of course Cas being Cas and knowing every language on earth decides it is a perfect time to show off.
"Good. There's no time for discussions, so just go in and do what you can to make Mr. Winchester feed. It is essential that he receives an infusion of live blood as soon as possible or there could be permanent damage."
But the cabin seems to be completely normal, just wood and plastic and metal, no charms, wards or curses. Not even hidden doors or cameras or peeping holes, which is a very comforting realization.
The please is there, unsaid but still heard, blue eyes trained on him, softening. Then, finally, Cas is shrugging off that blasted trenchcoat and the shoes, tie and belt. He pauses uncertainly with the rest, fingers still on the buttons of his shirt. But Dean is already grabbing his hand to drag him under the blankets.
Secondly, Cas, eyes blazing and blade drawn, comes in, eyes immediately drawn to Dean. A tiny relieved smile crosses his features before settling back to a wrathful scowl. Both look equally hot to Dean.
Dean doesn't realize he’s crying until there is the ephemeral feeling of feathers all around him. A smooth glide of tickling energy along his skin, hugging him closer in silent comfort.
"Oh... So that was all...courtship," - the realisation lit up Cas' face, and the blush spread down his cheeks all the way to his neck.
It sang as he finally sank into Dean's welcoming body, moaning and leaving another mark on Dean's shoulder. He liked how those made Dean's breath hitch. Liked the way Dean jerked, his eyes rolling back in pleasure.
Breaking open the last walls he built to give way to the holy, lewd, desperate need feeling all of him.
After a while he burrowed into Dean further, squirming until his back was leaning on the seats and he could use Dean's shoulder as a pillow. His hands stubbornly returned under Dean's t-shirt.
He liked to just come here recently. It was still run down and quiet, as always, but now he can acutely feel something different.
" - his mind supplies, and the shorter feathers cover the length of the wings until the middle is a gorgeous gradient of color, looking almost purple before reaching pristine, white tips.
With a little more clicks that was necessary he did manage to light up the flashlight, others doing the same in the seats by now, and with it, the darkness dissipated a bit. Cas breathed out shakily, but his back under Dean's arm got that much more relaxed.
He lies in bed, refusing to move or fully wake up... A random twitch of his leg breaks the moment and he feels it.
"I seem to remember you didn't need even that. I could just look and there you were, on your knees before me."
He was totally nesting, preparing his house for the arrival of the mate that seemed rather intent on rejecting him. Which sucked.
Dean bit his shoulder, his fangs injecting a fresh dose of venom, just as, if not more potent than the first.
"I hope you're having a good time, everybody?! Yeah! Well, there is a very special song request for one Dean Winchester from Castiel. Sure hope I'll find somebody who loves me like those dudes love each other!"
If Dean was a betting man, he'd bet that Cas was trying to find the perfect wording and kept getting distracted by his own thoughts. Much like Dean was distracted by his own.
And dead-center of it all, the familiar cat is sitting on the already familiar stone that now bears only one message.
His new objective for the night is to discover how he can turn his angel into a moaning mess with just those wings.
Except, he smiles rather sappily when Cas sits up, dropping a kiss on the freckled shoulder that shows the first signs of a tan. And while saying something about "no sap allowed over here" his head tilts to the angel, almost nuzzling him in return.
Dean would laugh at the very “prom-night” atmosphere but he's too amped up, too anxious for later and Cas is nowhere in sight. Dean needs him here, needs him to listen, because after all the shit they've been together, he deserves some sappiness from Dean too.
"I mean, you don't want to have your own body half the time, so..." - he kept talking, trying to console his raging boyfriend, though more worried about the state of the hospital than his own, should Cas fail to hold his wraith at bay. He was so very wrong about the source of that anger though.
So he restrains himself, collecting their things and following in a much calmer fashion. The cold doesn't bother him as the forest opens up with a symphony of noises and scents under the water pouring from the heavens.
Cas' fingers found their way into his hair, petting him, soothing, not really pushing, but there was enough of a nudge for Dean to surge forward and place the first tentative lick over the length, the bittersweet taste bursting over Dean's tongue and making him moan.
They are clinging to Dean so tightly, stroking ever so slightly up and down his arms. He drops a light kiss to invisible feathery limb, feeling it shake and shaking with it, the tingles turning to fire and yearning.
That was the only word that Dean managed before clamping his hand over his mouth and bolting to the bathroom. Cas had noticed the sweat on his temples earlier and his slightly pale pallor but figured it was for whatever reason the police needed him to "play along"... but maybe not.
He is so, so lucky that this amazing, strong, beautiful being chose him. Loves him. Keeps choosing him despite everything they've been through.
Only a rumbling growl, with no words but filled with undeniable dominance, snapped Dean to attention.
"Meow!" - cried the soaked through and through pathetic form on his windowsill. While looking at him with those big, pleading eyes...
They have over a dozen different scenes set up now, proper equipment for filming and editing, even quarters for employees if they need temporary lodgings or just a couple of days rest after the more intense shoots.
Right as the tentacle in his ass pushes even deeper and starts to swell, light and manageable one second and thick the other. Vibrating all the way.
He shrugs and Cas shakes his head, exasperated, amused, indulgent. He takes Dean’s hand again the second he finishes locking the door on their way out, and that's how they go.
Wickedly, truly wickedly, all of them move in synch, and if Dean hadn’t come only a short while ago, he is sure he'd be coming now.
--burst into the room. Cas had half a mind to worry about Meg... but honestly, considering her character, he should probably be more worried about the man that escaped her.
He also had to ignore the little hitch in the man's breath. The little shift of his hips. The waggle of the fluffy tail, half caught under the man's back.
He most definitely does not need it and Dean knows that, but Castiel can't turn down the excited look on his human's face, and obediently turns, exposing his back. There are warm palms on it right away, spreading the cool gel evenly, from his shoulders and down in practically a massage. Castiel hums contentedly, closing his eyes and simply enjoying the sun on his face and Dean's touches. There are chuckles and even some snorts around them.
The cat obediently sat under the spray of the shower as he rinsed the dirt off, revealing the smooth chocolate brown furry coat. It was pretty scraggly and very young, barely bigger than Dean's palm length wise.
Only enough restraint to hold out, to wait until there was a rich and so familiar taste of cum on his tongue before surrendering to the orgasm of his own.
Blue eyes are dark and dangerous when he looks in them again, trapping him in place with a promise, and it is Dean who shivers this time. But they still have some work to do, so walking it is.
"There you go... Good boy," - Cas hums into the corner of his lips and then one of the tentacles retreats, releasing him.
It was not, and he feared he'd faint instead from how damn intense it felt, everything inside him moving, stretching just to accommodate the size.
About his eyes, and lips, and strong arms. He steps into a warm jets of the shower, his eyes closing to return to that moment, when Cas held him, and carried him. How those arms would feel holding him with a different intent, carrying him to another high.
When they separate, Dean is still blushing and now a lot more breathless, a dazed look on his face and Castiel really wants to take him back to the cabin and never leave. Just to keep kissing him and keep that adorable blush on the freckled cheeks forever. Make it deeper, chase it down his chest with his tongue. But they have a job to do and people to save, as always, so they go to the water instead and settle on the wooden lounge chairs Dean has claimed for them.
"They are not my friends though..." Jack tilts his head thoughtfully in the sudden awkward silence. "They are my family. And Castiel is my father."
Dean got a shove in the ribs when he opened his mouth to argue over the definition of ‘crazy’. There was nothing crazy in courting! Well... Unless you were human who had zero idea about werewolf traditions, apparently.
Jo grinned when he walked over, knowing him too well to be needing scent cues to figure out what was on his mind. He simply scoffed, hiding his phone away with a pang of disappointment. Cas would understand, but it was still a shame to be interrupted.
That realisation and the overwhelming aroma of lust coming off in waves from his alpha made him weak at the knees. It was a miracle they didn't crash into anything on the way.
It's only when Dean's back hits the nearest tree, Castiel finally remembers that they left all the needed supplies with their things in the boat which is now agonizingly far away.
"You see, Jack, I freed him from a lifetime of servitude for the vicious and demanding witch that was his mistress, so he is very grateful to me for that."
Because from the looks of things, Dean was in for something. Probably rough, if the hard grip on his wrist was any indication.
With whispered praises and purring growls in his ears, Dean’s still considering whether to safeword out.
The only person Dean didn't know well before all this, but Cas approves of him, so Dean is willing to give a guy a chance.
Dean also remembered how not long after that shot Cas was marking him up with his cum, coming all over his face and chest. How sweet he tasted.
Cas wasn't wasting any time, removing Dean's boots, socks and jeans off before quickly doing the same with his own.
Dean closed his eyes, imagining it. Sinking down before Cas, taking him in his hands, taking him in his mouth.
"Also, I hope you're watching where we're going because I totally missed the whole ‘directions’ convo."
Dean swears through another moan before yanking Castiel back up by the hair and sealing his mouth with a devouring kiss. It’s hurried and hungry, and when Dean grounds his hips down again, Castiel’s cock slides between his asscheeks, making them both groan.
He did feel the razor-sharp claws running over his ass and balls and even thighs in a vicious attack.
"What? Come on, Charlie, you didn't forget that we were going to that party together already, right?"
It is as if a supernova goes off in the angel's chest, his orgasm sudden, punched out of him. And even with his grace locked in place, he feels it, feels them both becoming one as Dean shakes and clasps at his shoulder, whispering something in his ear.
Good thing Dean had a good grip on Cas, otherwise he'd have fallen at the sudden jerking stop. The lights in the bus went out too.
"She's a chimera," - Dean's brows shot up, hearing that, just as the alleged deadly monster of legends curled up on his chest, still purring and kneading at his skin.
Then he looks up, straight at Dean as if he can feel him across the distance, over all the people. Dean has goosebumps erupting all over from that gaze, intense yet so loving. And while speakers play the first chords of the song, Cas speaks. His words are simple, nothing special to an outside perspective but Dean's heart thuds almost painfully in his chest.
Where he used to find comfort in the routine of his days, just passing by, one by one, now he found... that he was missing something.
Dean doesn't really care, but asks anyway, since they should really do another sweep rather than enjoy the views. And, as a local she might have some pointers to less obvious places they should check. Vasilisa looks pensive for a minute, before giving them both a slightly unsettling appraising look and nodding.
Cas also didn't notice as Dean moved, somehow managing not just get up, but move the Lady to his shoulders and grab onto Cas with both hands, saving him from a rather unpleasant meeting with the floor.
"You're lucky they made here in time, little one," - Cas whispered to the "cat", quickly washing away the blood to better see the damage. - "What did he even do? He seems..."
Maybe he needs to pay less attention to that because Cas growls, so quietly only Dean can hear and pushes their clasped hands higher on Dean's thigh, right into his steadily growing erection.
Closer inspection shows that his clothes are gone too, but his phone lies untouched next to Castiel's, silently blinking with new message indicator.
"Never did you say?... Well. I guess you are not aware, that it's not a cat at all. Let's see what we're dealing with, first," -Cas sighed, snapping a fresh pair of gloves on and leaning over his new patient.
So that's how he remains till morning light comes, wrapped around his beloved, body, heart and soul. Watching in rapt adoration as he breathes in and out, as his lashes flutter from his dreams, peaceful for once, as his lips and fingers sometimes twitch at something unseen inside them. Castiel is at peace too, a tiny stolen moment just for him to cherish and remember for all eternity, or until Death manages to claim him permanently.
Except Cas didn't stop, continuing the motion, stepping right into Alistair's space, twisting the broken hand, from which the gun had already fallen to the ground, useless.
Dean tugged gently at the fistful of feathers, and the pure ecstasy ran through Cas, making him moan. Again. Even though he was spent and done, and just... done.
"Gods... How could I ever..." - cold, trembling palm touched Cas' face, as the green eyes flickered with renewed energy. - "You are ace. I respect that, you know. But I can't help how I feel about you, and if I feed on you, my venom... I would never forgive myself if I force you into something you don't want."
A single "that" was said with such awe and enthusiasm, that Cas laughed, snuggling to his boyfriend to kiss him.
Cas surges forward, hand steady and confident, cradling Dean's face, keeping him in place, keeping him facing Cas, and then he kisses Dean, tender and achingly sweet. Dean doesn't care for any sunsets or monsters just then, because Cas is right here, holding him and professing his love as loudly as if he shouted it. Dean drowns in it, craves it more and more, his head swimming. His lips tingle where Cas bites him playfully, a tiny moan escaping Dean's throat, and getting lost between them. When Cas finally releases him, just barely, still so close his warm breath fans over Dean's wet lips, he realizes they are embracing again. Pressed close from hip to shoulders, arms tangled in each others clothes.
He picked up immediately as he saw Benny's number on the screen, and Dean's heart sunk as his partner almost shouted at him.
“Don’t you dare worry, Dean! This is a safe space. And it is okay. Whenever you decide to come out, or even if you don’t decide to do it all the way, or at all… It’s okay. You are okay just the way you are.”
Castiel watches him, keeping up with steady thrusts of his fingers, adoring the pleasure stricken face of his beloved.
Like right now, as a tall, disheveled man burst into the doors of the clinic, panting, growling, fangs and claws out--werewolf, Cas noted silently--and he was... carrying somebody.
And with a gleeful laugh Dean is gone from his arms, taking off towards the forest with impressive speed considering he's still barefoot. Castiel is itching to catch him, his wings practically vibrating with readiness, but this would not be the best place to showcase his abilities, not knowing who's watching. They've been plenty reckless already.
One wraps itself around Dean’s balls, while another slides lower, the vibrations even stronger there, rubbing into his rim and perineum.
A gust of wind rakes over them both and Dean moans again, quiet and pained, writhing on Castiel’s hands and tongue, right at the verge of the overstimulation. His freckled skin painted with goosebumps and white streaks of his own cum.
"Just this once, let me help you," - Cas returned to the bed, straddling Dean's hips in one graceful motion, his wings stretching, imposing and dark. He meant for his next words to sound commanding, but it came out heartbroken instead. - "Even if you don't want me."
It is almost heaven after that. With Cas back, safe and in mint condition, even more so--Jack had managed to restore his wings to their former glory, it seems--and Dean should be happy. Yet there is just no getting away in their line of work.
He takes his time, slowly and methodically driving Dean right to the edge of desperation with his taste, with little hungry bites and nips and hands roaming all over Dean's body, exploring, teasing.
And Cas seems to just take it in stride, laying down his fair share of touching too. His hands feel solid and warm, averting Dean's attention every time, commanding it. One time he finds himself drifting off while Cas just rubs his thigh up and down, over and over again, the rhythm constant and lulling him into a dreamy state of comfort.
And with a widest shit-eating grin he carries Dean back to the trail, dutifully and stubbornly following through this ridiculous affair, no matter how much Dean yells and begs. In the end Dean just hangs on, though silent and grumpy and absolutely not enjoying it, oh no. There is no enjoyment for Dean, no matter how heady and pretty much dreamy it feels to be carried like that. As if he weighs nothing, secure and comfortable in angel’s arms. Dean stifles a groan when he notices a barely there shadows of the wings, stretched out behind Cas' back in the evening gloom. Not quite visible, but still there, helping to balance along their descent.
Which was weird, with how any other time she was the sweetest, most well behaved kitten ever. A true Lady.
And even if he did know better than to say this, with their luck, with their lives, with the tendency of their lives going to shit at a moments notice...
The best part? Cas kept on fucking him through it in that same unchanging rhythm, steady and deep, and by the end it was so good it was nearly painful.
It was hard to tell with the panties in the way, but if the flush spreading all over Cas' neck and the tips of his ears was to be believed, he was close.
He usually didn't even register the appearance of his patients unless it was relevant to their treatment, but here... Here he could only think of how pretty the man was.
He is barely aware of his own arousal, too focused on Dean, on the sounds he makes and the pliant heat of his ass. It clenches hungrily around them, when he finally pulls his fingers out, suddenly in a newfound hurry to get on with it.
The second before the creeper's sword is buried in Dean's chest however, his angel is already there. Flying over the cursed bed to kick the weapon out of skeletal hands and then they are once again trading blows in an ever increasing tempo.
"Just looking at you... Fuck," - Dean lost his thought at the first exploratory thrust. But he forced himself to continue because as much as he liked saying it, Cas went positively wild with praise. In all the best ways.
"Good boy," - whispers the voice in his head and then he actually sees it first rather than feel it.
They settle, Dean draped over his angel, with terrifying ease finding the perfect position. As if they always do this - lay so intertwined he can hear a steady beat of Cas' heart in his chest. The rising and falling of the ribcage with measured breaths, unneeded but so soothing. Because Cas is there, whole and alive, warm and solid, not the pale lifeless corpse that has haunted Dean's dreams every night before.
Dean runs up to his side, wet and panting, snagging the closest towel from the ones that Cas brought. The rain picks up quickly, almost unnaturally so, but Castiel is mesmerized by Dean. With raindrops on his eyelashes, wet hair sticking up when he rubs it with a towel in a quick, efficient move, jostled only when Dean catches him staring.
“And just the same, one of them was so eager to prove his big top macho energy where the other simply had it."
a supernatural himself, all that his angelic genes gave him, were a healing magic and some cool little tricks like seeing auras and such. By all other counts he was as human as he could get. Including his scent.
"Another five would be nice, because why in the hell the fucking house would have. Chicken, Legs?!!"
Still, no matter how much he wanted to, he simply couldn't focus properly. Couldn't make his lips work.
Dean's eyes roll back, he tenses, just for a moment, before accepting the intrusion. The last barriers between them falling, trust and pleasure taking their place. Castiel moans his delight against Dean’s throat, stars exploding under his own closed eyelids with the sensation of the movement, closer, deeper...
It's all passion and a race to completion from there, except instead of pleasure, there's more frustration in Dean's voice now. He tries to reach for his cock but the suspended position has him clinging back to Castiel's shoulders.
He was breathing with a visible effort, every inhale shaky and exhales coming out with an alarming rasp.
But the sleep is gone for now and after several attempts to get up--totally unsuccessful--Dean settles on trying to figure out exactly from where the enchantment originates. Maybe if he can break that, he can regain enough strength to kick that skeleton creeper where it hurts. Wherever that might be. He'll probably need a few tries to figure it out but Dean is all about scientific inquiry on that one.
There is a new urgency in his steps, the desire to be by the side of the person that taught him how to love growing stronger.
"Hey, hey, easy there, man... I didn't mean it as a bad thing, I totally know the feeling. Good on you for making it this far. Sorry."
On their way out they decide to check the cave for further surprises, good or bad. But not before Dean changes into his own, proper clothes and grabs some boots as well, prudently provided by his angel. And while Cas is busy with some papers in another room--Dean still isn’t speaking Russian--the hunter carefully checks the place of the bony dude's demise. What he first thought were scorch marks, after a close inspection, ends up being an actual hole, filled with something like ashes.
It was hard to keep track of things when a fucked-out fog settled over him, but when he did sober up a little, it was to find something big and hot rubbing between his asscheeks.
playing in the lobby. He can’t understand a word, but the music flows with familiar rock riffs and voices of the singers are full of longing and desperation that only lovers know.
He then proceeded to manhandle a stunned Dean further up, his biceps tensing, his form and definition always the perfect tease for Dean. And before he knew it, Dean was pinned to the bed with that wicked angel straddling his hips.
"Izbushka, though..." - Dean grumbles finally under his breath and Cas' eye rolls so hard it almost heard.
"Drink!" - thrusting his wrist to Dean's mouth, Cas yelled. And then whispered, softer, as if ready to cry. - "It's you. It's alright if it's you."
Cas just shoots a quick smile at Dean and shifts in his seat, so that he is practically sideways and facing Jack in the back.
<<"Jesus Christ... Listen, the only reason she hasn't figured out who you two are and hasn’t killed your boyfriend - is me. I convinced her that your aura is so strange because you're some warlock who wandered where he doesn't belong by accident. She may be almost blind in her old age, but you'd do well to not underestimate her.">>
That settles that, and with a new nugget of extremely useful knowledge and some fuel for more fantasies, Dean settles back into the seat, wishing he could just nap the rest of the way.
Cas had to stuff his own tie in Dean's mouth to stifle his moans as he slowly, deliberately, jerked him to a shuddering orgasm.
Then there’s Charlie, his best friend, for the PR and social relations part. And, of course, to keep an eye on all the future female employees.
It was just a little bit less perfect when that kiss was rudely interrupted by the mix of "Get a room!" and "Oh fucking finally!".
But it's inevitable, Cas managed to explain at least that much. Despite Dean being able to summon him that one time, Cas was still too weak to appear consistently. He needed sustenance.
Grabbing Dean in a bear hug and dragging him away. Not caring for the protesting growls. Cas waved as they walked away.
"Fascinating! So the fairy tales about ancient slavic warriors going after three animals for Koshey's Death are true! More or less. They were clearly not as successful as stories claim since Koshey still lived, but nonetheless!"
"Alright... But you're staying right there. And holding him. Or I'll call the police," - Cas relented, still not walking closer and folding his arms across his chest.
,” he whispered, more to himself than to Dean. Who could pretty much see as the puzzle pieces were falling into place in Cas' head. His heart was ready to beat out of his chest, awaiting the decision Cas would have to make, now that everything was out in the open...
So, a year after the meeting, and six months from the start of their company, the old, dank two storey ruin of a house is now a slick and modern building, seven storeys high, comfortable and full of light and people.
He had to know. He had to see, to check... He wanted to believe Dean so bad, to believe those words... He did what he’d promised himself he wouldn't. What he was so afraid to do, why he was afraid to even try to get close to anybody.
Cas watched them pass and change on Dean's face, as he cursed the alcohol and his too-long tongue for ever speaking.
After some shuffle to get off the chaise without anybody or anything falling and a relocation of a bottle to the nearby table, they step into the warm water together. It reeks of chlorine, so the first thing Castiel does is bury his nose in Dean's neck, trying to stave it off. With a couple of lazy laps they stop at the center of the pool, far enough away from everybody else so as not to be listened upon.
And then everything falls away, unimportant and distant, as the most glorious sight appears before him in the form of Cas' wings, real and very much not invisible anymore.
"Господи... Слушай, единственная причина почему она до сих пор не вычислила кто вы такие и не убила твоего паренька - это я. Я убедил её, что твоя аура такая странная, потому что ты просто ведьмак, который забрался, куда не просили. Бабка почти ослепла на старости лет, но это не значит, что её стоит недооценивать."
When he settled into it, even though he was one of the first passengers to arrive, there was already somebody sitting next to his spot, by the window. And while it was a normal occurrence, something about that man made Cas nervous.
“Than I don’t see any reason why she would not approve. And she will say so herself when we save her. Don’t doubt it, Dean.”
The angel sat down on the edge of the bed his wings tightened around Dean, as if trying to protect him from harm this way.
"Ha. Well, I like you already, Cas. Welcome to the family! I'll be taking this idiot off your hands for now," - Sam chimed in.
There is a moment of silence while the humans take a breath and a sip from their drinks. A sudden shadow falls over Arin's face, usually so ready to light up a room with a smile.
It’s like being dunked in cold water to sober up, except all the fuzzy and nice feelings stay right where they are.
He licked his lips, dragging the photo he was looking at into the message box and attaching a short note with it before hitting send.
To make his hips buck as Dean sucked that cock back into his mouth, purring still. Cas liked it, when he purred. A lot.
This time Cas' tale is interrupted by Dean cackling so hard, the angel has to steady the wheel of the Impala so that they don’t crash or swerve into another lane.
Going totally rigid more like it, his breath coming faster, and fingers clutching Dean's wrist in a death grip.
With a chanting of "make a wish!" he blows the candles out, his eyes finding in the crowd the only person who would know his desires even if he doesn't speak them aloud.
But across all the celebration, he still glances at Dean. And Dean can't do anything but smile at the kid, saluting with his beer bottle. Because whatever he calls himself, whoever he loves or doesn’t, as long as he is good and treats them right - he is totally fine exactly as he is.
When he lets go of the wings completely though, sitting up on his knees, Cas thrashes back, confused and sluggish.
Dean feels jittery and restless, the unsolved case looming with vague threats. But more so it’s Cas' presence, close, with them finally alone and soon sharing one bed that tugs his attention in a totally different direction. Dean debates a coffee, or something stronger, maybe just straddling Cas right there on the couch where he sits, still fiddling with the laptop and kissing him senseless.
Good thing, this time around, the doctor was right by his side. Ready to provide the necessary treatment. Even if he was giggling all the way through.
The bittersweet taste, so uniquely Cas, almost like salted caramel, is right there, coating his tongue, right as the tentacle pushes further.
Just for that, Castiel dives underwater again, lower this time, his hands on Dean's hips to steady himself as he sinks onto his cock, swallowing straight to the root. He only needs to remember to keep his throat relaxed, and he can focus his hearing just enough to catch Dean's choked off moan turning to a whine. There are fingers grasping at his hair as he continues, bobbing up and down, but Dean isn't pushing him away. Rather, he’s pulling closer, holding tight and thrusting into his mouth as much as Castiel allowes.
Dean feels his tears running down his cheeks with relief when Cas' lips open up with a soft surprised sound. His mouth is curling into a little smile. Then Cas is moving too, kissing too, the sweet taste of his lips tinged with the salt of Dean's tears he cannot, would not hide any longer.
Which was still very much present, but mixed with curiosity and a sudden thirst to kneel before that specimen, and lick, suck and find out if that monster of a dick tasted as good as it looked.
The man has clearly seen things much worse before as he didn't even looked very bothered as he walked away.
Arin has been laughing at them so much, she starts hiccuping. Trying to steer the conversation in some other direction, Lance pipes in, also giving time for Cas and Dean to cool off for a bit, bless the wise person that they are.
He stood up, quickly getting through the other passengers to the doors. Which he had to force open. At least Benny gave him an acknowledging nod on the way. He'd keep an eye on the creep. And Cas.
He didn't protest when Dean sucked a hungry hickey into his neck, just arched his head back, giving him more space. He moaned, quiet and long, when Dean took that space and proceeded to leave bites and kisses along the arch of that exquisite throat.
Knew and loved how Dean would always just go slack and completely pliant, only able to moan his pleasure with eyes rolled into his head.
Not only at the end too, but like a chain effect, the entire tentacle touching Dean’s cock erupts into steady vibrations, the texture changing in waves from smooth to ridged and back again. And as if that isn't enough to totally blow his mind, there are one, no,
He notices some weird inscription and given their previous luck with cursed objects, shows it to Cas immediately.
Sam leans in towards Cas, who smirks, pleased. Jack is on the edge of his seat already, has been from the very start of the story and just nods along Sam's question.
Eventually, he can let out a breath. He can lean into the embrace and maybe open his eyes for the first time since they took to the air and look around.
Dean can feel the blush creeping up on his cheeks and neck in a hot wave. But under the no less gentle smile of his angel, under his eyes, telling him a silent "I love you" he couldn’t care less. That is until Sam the Interrupter Extraordinaire coughs loudly and pointedly.
Just as he was leaving, the lights came back on. Someone cheered, somebody laughed in relief, but Dean couldn't really see Cas from over here.
Cas made sure to get up and take a step back to his backpack before actually asking that. He was far from being as naive as he looked. People lied all the time. Pretty people probably did it even more.
The stockings were smooth under his palm, and coarser texture of lace on the thigh, keeping it in place.
He's woken up by angry yelling and cold hands digging into his shoulders, shaking him. The motion resonates with aches all over, his body wrung out and feeling almost disconnected from him apart from the pain. Dean tries to at least groan for the creeper to stop, but his energy ends before he is even halfway to a sound, much less a word.
He doesn't even turn as he yells it, already diving into the lake and Miguel whistles, breaking the silence only for everybody else to erupt in another bout of laughter.
Finally he allows Dean to fall into the depth of bottomless bliss, erupting, losing himself only to find himself again in the gentle hands around him, shaking and chanting that name as though it were a spell.
<<"In any case, you know there’s an offer and are free to refuse. You can do with it as you will, but maybe at least hear me out?">>
Cas looked into Dean's aura, into the reflection of his soul, searching for the truth... He was almost blinded by the shifting brilliance of color.
Except when they do get there, Sam still has nothing. They send pictures of the tree and the cat, Sam flipping through them thoughtfully, jotting something down, while Jack picks into the camera, beaming with a smile.
The main lobby is drowned in darkness, interrupted only by the twinkling lights reflecting off the disco ball. It’s been redecorated for the occasion, little tables with cosy lamps for couples and little groups, the bar working overtime to keep up with the crowd the evening attracted. Seems like every guest and even some newly arrived people wish to partake, if not in the show, than at least in the festivities and see the entertainment for themselves.
"Are you Dean's partner? The angel?" - the doctor's tone was all business. Clearly, the situation was serious, if he looked so grim. Cas swore silently for the hundredth time since the call, nodding quickly.
So all he does is relax as much as he can, focusing his hazy stare on what’s happening, reflected in the mirrored ceiling.
And before Castiel can cut in with an argument, Timofey is already talking again, getting more and more impatient as he goes on.
Dean tries to shift, to move, but one of his hands is still in a tight fist over his own cock, hard and leaking with precome, making him uncoordinated. He's so close, but he can't quite get there and Dean whines and swears at Cas through clenched teeth.
He was very thankful for the medical coat he wore that was baggy enough to hide any... inappropriate reactions he might have had.
To be fair to his professors, it was very fitting for his speciality; the anatomy of supernatural species.
"Hm... Alright. That doesn't... exactly means no. Unless he said no. Did he say no? How did you approach him?"
By the time he’d stopped shrieking like a girl in a classic horror flick, the figure was fully out of the wall and had turned a pretty natural ‘human color’. Pale skin shone like a beacon in the dark room, a lonely ray of moonlight reflecting from unnaturally blue eyes.
As it is, all he can do is thrash pointlessly in the grip of moving tentacles and try not to lose his mind with the double assault on his nerves.
Cas laughs easily, happy, so beautiful and carefree it makes Dean's heart clench in a desperate hope to be able to keep him like that. To somehow turn their cursed lives around, twist from the suffocating clutches of fate, so that Cas could always just spend his days laughing. And maybe also kissing Dean just like that, still sweet, but with more intent now, deep and thorough, like he's committing his taste to memory with every sweep of his tongue.
And before Cas could protest, Dean was already scooping his legs below the knees and throwing them over his lap. Cas squeaked out a shocked sound, equally ridiculous and adorable, but Dean only hugged him closer, cradling the man to his chest and covering his shivering palms with his own hand.
Dean fell asleep to Cas' mumbling about how "that could not have happened..." in his ear and Benny regaling the calming kid with his "sniper on top of the White House" tale.
"Vasilisa." - Cas corrects calmly. "It is a rather old Slavic name. I believe the resort must be run or owned by somebody of that descent, considering that and the Russian music playing all the time."
Settling the last box of his stuff into his bedroom after the move, he practically jumps out of his skin at the sound of the voice behind him.
Cas looked up again, where the "cat", hearing her owner talk, purred loudly, climbing onto his chest and rubbing it's small head all over his face.
The colors and the lingerie, so delicate, so thin... All the more seductive on Cas' form, lithe and toned, that got Dean salivating on the worst day.
He'd gotten nothing instead, Cas slipped out too soon, but he shushed Dean's thrashing and demanding pleas with a soft kiss on the shoulder and a claiming bite on the neck.
Cas was immediately there, checking him over, cool hands--those still felt way too good--slipping to his neck, kneading it, trying to ease the tension. Damn, despite looking pretty fragile the guy had some pretty strong fingers.
"Yeah, a big black cat. It followed us later on too, when we went to that overlook Vasilissa mentioned."
It is hours later that Dean awakens, stirring and stretching as much as he can without disrupting their embrace too much, and Castiel smiles at that once again.
"I'm gonna take a shower," - he announces instead, escaping to the bathroom before he hears a response.
Or, at least, the cabin was normal before Cas, with Dean’s help, carefully draws the sigils and wards in invisible paint. They may not be needed, but it’s better to be safe than sorry.
True to that, several turns of the halls later, he noticed the tall figure of Sam who was talking with the man in the white coat.
And he does, and it’s like the end of the world in his mind, like a supernova going off in slow-motion.
There were almost 20 minutes of this, and Cas was seriously considering just getting off at the nearest stop. Surely, his family would understand him being late because of this...
Why would he, when Cas is not just making all his dreams come true, but surpassing them by a clear mile.
Castiel turns at the sudden voice behind him to find Vasilisa standing at the bend of the trail, looking harmless in her blue summer dress, a light smile on her lips. Yet, Castiel hadn’t heard her coming at all. A sudden noise in the forest distracts him, but when he looks all he can see are trees, the branches slightly swaying in the wind. When he looks back again, the woman stands right before him, her steps having gone unheard.
"Oh, I wish I could. Leave him alone, that is. But once I saw how you look at him... Well, agent. I just can't pass up on all that fun now. To see how you'd look when I'm done with him... I promise, he won't be that pretty then."
Jesus, good thing that scumbag near them couldn't see that, with Cas sitting with his back to him. This was far too precious to allow him to see.
The "cat" meowed quietly, as if apologising. Cas though... Cas was struck for a second, looking into the face of the stranger.
The next thing Castiel knows, he is flying, falling straight into the pool where Dean pushed him, and as he connects with the water, the noise and the depth drown out his laughter only for a moment.
As he was listing down symptoms, Dean's face scrunched up in confusion. Frankly, it was almost adorable.
He was barely aware when Cas bottomed out, hips flush against his ass. He still tried to get more even if it might kill him. Dean was just so full, he couldn't breathe without the wondrous, gorgeous cock inside him moving, reaching some new place he never knew he had and it was simply glorious.
The beauty around them is indeed even more impressive from up high. And the silent, now steady glide of the mortar allows Dean an unobstructed view to the valley and the lake; to the mountains hugging it, to the rolling waves of evergreen trees, swaying gently in the breeze.
"So beautiful..." - just a stray thought voiced, yet Dean blushed even harder, freckles stark against the flush creeping down to his neck and chest. - "I want..."
"Hey, hey. I'm right here, sweetheart. I just want you to turn over, come on, can you do it? For me?"
Jack is all innocent curiosity and concern, making it very hard to be angry at the kid because yes, he did say exactly that and very recently, too. So he just groans his exasperation, and frustration, and slight discomfort from too tight pants into Cas' shoulder.
He tries to breathe, to focus on Cas, on his face in his mind, smiling, laughing, moaning in delight. It is the last image before he succumbs to the darkness of unconsciousness that this time feels less like sleep, and more like a coma.
Typing, Dean couldn't hold back an amused smile. That was so Cas, always with the proper punctuation, even in the simplest texts. Such a nerd.
What wasn't nice, was the rage kitten flew in every time he tried to invite any of those women over...
Nervous. Confused. Cas was lucky the man didn't try to attack him right away. Cas was lucky, period.
So he nods and allows Cas to finally get him to bed, cuddling there as close as he can, hiding his face and all the worries on angel’s chest.
He buries the end of his mumble in a long swig from the bottle. It is the last one, but he keeps fiddling with the label, needing something to focus on besides the imploring eyes of his brother.
"There we go," - his lips were right by Cas' ear now. Almost touching. He could see the goosebumps running down Cas' neck below the collar.
He feels vengeful and mischievous, raking his fingers down Cas' shoulders, lower, to the shoulder-blades, running straight into the phantom slick feathers. They are cool to the touch and tingly, yet somehow still warming him up. He cards through the feathers, follows the muscles underneath, grinning over a bitten lip, barely holding in a giggle when Cas' stumbles slightly, groaning.
The first video features Cas and Dean himself. When they post it, it blows up overnight, the sudden influx of viewers nearly overloading the servers Ash had set up.
Dean is momentarily shocked at how weak his voice sounds, barely a whisper when he meant to shout, his throat dry and tongue barely moving.
The second he stepped out, it was hissing and scrambling after him, refusing to be left alone with anybody else.
"It says here you're proficient in... Three types of martial arts?" - the lawyer shuffled through his papers demonstratively.
There was still a whole hour till the end of his shift, yet the bar was nearly deserted--that calm before the night rush that felt eternal some days.
And Dean only laughed, knees hugging Cas' sides, already looking far healthier than he did just a minute ago.
realising, way too late as he always does, that fear and shame are not worth holding on to. Cas was worth it, but now he is gone. And all Dean is left with is the bleeding, aching hole in his chest and a sinking feeling of the pointlessness of it all.
With a sigh, Dean stuck it to the board and got on with actually doing his job. For which he was paid for. Cooking, that is, not sending naughty texts to his alpha. Sadly.
In the rear view mirror, Dean can see as Jack's eyes go big with wonder and he shifts closer to the edge of his seat. Palms on his knees, rapt with attention, as if he were a kid getting ready for a bedtime story. And Cas seems to be inclined to provide.
Very soon he comes upon another obviously planted occurrence, this time a beehive, exposed and practically dripping with honey, making Castiel's belly clench with hunger even more. He realizes he's salivating just from the sight of it only when he has to swallow. But the need feels foreign and he pushes it down again, smiling faintly at the bees going around their business lazily. Even if they also look hardly realistic, too calm with somebody of his size so close to their home and he notices a queen crossing his path very pointedly.
That he adds later, with slow and steady circles, not pushing in, only teasing, allowing Dean to adjust, to push back with a quiet demand to "hurry the fuck up".
A fervent tone, a bright glow of the both pairs of blue eyes, and then the world is exploding around Dean. Or maybe in him? Both?
It was the last thing he saw before his willful boyfriend grabbed him with both thighs in those stockings in a chokehold, toppling him onto the bed.
He kept going, falling deeper and deeper into the glittering kaleidoscope of Dean's soul, all around, twining with his own. He could
Dean could feel the jerk of Cas' hips, the desperate clench of his ass when he heard that. The nails scraped over his chest, over his nipples, and Cas moaned again. His ass now flush with Dean's hips.
<<"Go right - lose him, save yourself; go left - save him, lose yourself; go straight - both be dead.">>
"Yes, please... please... fuck me, fuck me as hard as you want. Just use me... want you... come on, Cas..." - he was rambling but he didn't care, because then there were fingers inside him again, and then
Now Castiel smiles fully. He tilts his head to the side so it’s easier to catch a glance of Dean’s green eyes, that are currently bouncing between the road and the angel.
He's so absorbed by his fantasy, distractedly running soaped up palms across his chest, imagining it to be Cas' hands, that he doesn’t notice the
He sets one of Dean's legs on the ground too but the other is still across his shoulder, keeping him open.
So they battle and Dean watches. Blades sing, metal clanging with every impact. Both opponents are skillful and their power nearly evenly matched. Eventually, the stalemate gets them to a rather tense stand down. Normal people would be taking a breather or wiping off sweat, but these two just stare and readjust their grip on the weapons.
That got Dean quiet, thinking it over, seemingly, as his fingers keep treading water in lazy patterns behind Castiel's back.
The Familiar leans back into the stone folding his hands across his chest. So nonchalant, but Castiel can feel the desperation behind it and that is something he can work with. Something to exploit if needed.
"Right, Dean-o! I actually have some ideas for the costumes, because of course, we're going in matching ones, right?"
Not that Dean was thinking about her. Or anybody. Except Cas, who was kissing him again, hungry, pressing into him so sweet... Before breaking the kiss. And stepping away.
That seems to get everyone's attention. All eyes are trained on Dean. The question remains unanswered for half a minute, until Jack, frowning in confusion proclaims,
“I’m sure you’re gonna make plenty of fun of this one, but I found you through a seeing silver platter.”
Dean whipped his head at him, and as the recognition set in, the momentary annoyance fled the green eyes.
And just like that, the playful careless air was gone. Replaced with steely confidence, that was even hotter. Also, Cas suddenly felt much more confident that he'd get to the end of this trip without getting shot or stabbed. Positives all around.
At this angle, Dean had a perfect view of the barely illuminated face, looking like something out of this world. Such a soft expression, shapely lips slightly parted, eyelashes fluttering... He was beautiful and it was a challenge to not look at him, but at the aisle of the bus.
The human flicks a weak shower stream at Castiel, practically giggling, happy with an open smile adoring his face, so the angel lets it slide for now. He
Quivering, when Cas parted his asscheeks as though to get a better view. Leaving Dean completely open to his tongue and lips.
"Come on, it'll be warmer that way," - he patted his lap invitingly. Cas blushed again, shaking his head slightly. The problem was, his knees were shaking too, and his hands, even though he had put the book away half an hour before, clasping them together.
It was the best. He’d decided that just as he got his lips over the head, his jaw already stretched open
“I can feel them all the time, but they don’t get in the way, unless I want it. They mostly exist in a sort of parallel dimension, unseen and not interacting with this one. Again, unless I want it.”
Too beautiful for Dean to hold back any longer, moaning Cas' name with his own release that shook him to the bone.
Dean had to grab onto the headboard to stop himself from touching, from feeling all the smooth skin and stockings, and the lace, and dragging Cas down faster.
He could hear people fussing over him, and he felt hot coffee on his shoes, but it's all just background noise.
"Dean, didn't you say one should never have sex in public unless all present gave their consent on watching?"
Dean abandons all pretense of keeping himself afloat himself soon after, wrapping his legs around Cas' waist, hooking his ankles and just rubbing off against him shamelessly. This time the moan is heard clearly, carrying over the surface of the lake with a wind. The lewd sound is edged with lust and frustration as the water provides just enough resistance that Dean's efforts go almost fully in vain.
close to what he wanted. It was like a charm. After those two guys each nameless stranger he fucked against the wall of that weird house was bigger than the last. It was like a fricking parade of big dicks out of Dean’s best wet dreams.
He was too busy stretching, standing on his toes, tail up to stretch too, back slightly bowed to get that satisfying click in his lower back... He didn't see the cat creeping in through the door of the bedroom.
He dubbed it his Big Lucky Charm and thanked the faceless figure every time he left that tiny bit more satisfied at the end of the night.
Which is how Dean was now making those exact amends. By going with the compromise and holding off the mating before they could date and get to know each other better. Because "wolves just know that a mate is perfect" was not a convincing enough argument.
So when he stirred and finally gathered himself enough to move away from cum-stained wall and realized that actually he couldn't... Well. He freaked out.
Dean is so tired of pretending. Of keeping it all in out of fear, out of some old misconceptions that never were truly his. He is tired and he is hurting; a bleeding, aching wound exists where his heart is supposed to be, but was burned away with the blinding light in Cas' eyes. It was carved out with that blade that pierced Cas’ chest. He lost it as he has lost Cas, finally,
Cas was clearly having trouble but he stubbornly stayed settled there. Determined to finish it just like that, Dean recognized that crinkle in his eyebrows.
But when Cas opened the badge, he didn't see anything suspicious. It looked legit, the photo looking exactly like Dean, just clean-shaven and probably a couple of years younger.
Cas smiles, a sheepish pleased quirk of his lips, that Dean can't help but kiss, deep and hungry. His own arousal is back at full force, thrumming in his blood with the echoes of Cas all around him.
"I think it's somehow connected to the tree, but it's best we do some research before going against... whatever it is. Agreed?"
"Ha?..." - she looked in between them. Then she lit up with understanding and... smiled. She dared to smile, while Cas was... - "LARPing and the game night."
He decides he can get used to it. To Dean, so pliant and soft in his arms, the lazy morning kisses, the mussed-from-sleep hair. To the awed and stunned look on Dean’s face when Castiel flips them with ease, wings spread behind his back in an unmistakable dominant posture. He cocks a brow, looking down at the human, and he can feel as Dean’s breath quickens, dazed and already getting aroused.
Checking with a quick glance that no patrons, or, God forbid, Ellen, were looking his way, he fished out his phone from the back pocket, starting up some game app. It wasn't perfect, but blowing up tiny zombies was killing the time.
Castiel fingers him slowly, working Dean open until he is loose and inner muscles yielding to the intrusion, taking three fingers easily. Until there are groans and half formed pleas on Dean’s lips. He was meeting the thrusts eagerly from the second finger, by the look of him at this point he’s almost ready to snap, chest heaving and thighs trembling, and finally Castiel decides to take mercy.
He was sure the whole deal was thanks to the even more weird statue that was...built into...glued to...etched into…?? He never could figure it out precisely, but regardless, there was a statue over the front door of that abandoned house. A human-ish looking figure, kneeling, with hands cupped over their crotch where a much larger than average protrusion lay.
A few quiet uninterrupted days, where they can just lay in bed together, tangled with each other, trading kisses and touches. Where they can maybe watch stupid day TV, gorging on snacks; well... Dean gorging and Cas watching him, which is totally alright in Dean's book. Maybe they’d go for a walk, or, God forbid, a date even, burgers, or that fancy Italian pasta he once saw an advertisement for. Surely Cas would enjoy the atmosphere at least, if not the taste.
He chuckles and Dean gasps, a quick intake of air and a pause, and then it's rushing back out with a no less surprised moan when Castiel pushes further. It might be cheating, but knowing your lover's body down to the last molecule as you were the one to rebuild it sure has some perks, like nailing the prostate of said lover on the first go.
The only upside? There was really nowhere to go. The station was the only shred of civilization for miles around, and in the blizzard, anybody stupid enough to try and make it on foot would likely freeze to death before reaching another.
. He licked, kissed and worked his fingers over the base, gradually managing to relax enough to allow more and more into his mouth. Every time he sunk onto the dick further, Cas murmured quiet praises in that sinful voice, turning Dean on almost as much as a size of his endowment.
"God, I hope you're okay there, Cas... Please, be okay... They couldn't have just killed you, I know it. You're okay and I'll be okay here too. Just need to hold on until I find some way to kick that bony ass, and then I'll come and get you. Or, you know, feel free to come and get me, stretch those pretty wings for me, baby. Damn they are pretty... And they smell so good. And those noises you make, I can't get them out of my head. Can't wait to touch you again, to get you to make them again, do you want it too?.."
Dean practically ran into Benny in the isle of the diner. As people stared his thoughts were focused on only one thing. To make sure Cas is alright.
So he can step forward, crossing the scant space in between. He can cradle his angel's face in his palms. He can smile at him with all the tenderness that fills him. He can bow down and kiss Cas, feeling those lips open up to him eagerly, trading caresses, returning them in full.
He yelps instead, his awkward flailing on the bed suddenly interrupted with a sharp pinprick of pain. He raises his hand, where right in the meat of his palm, sits a needle of all things.
It was that man by his side. Probably in his 50s, unkempt, scruffy and smiling at Cas a smile that looked like a shark's grin. Not to mention that endearment was absolutely inappropriate.
The second they are outside in relative solitude once again, Dean is enveloped in a tight hug. The silent comfort makes him bury his face in Cas' shoulder, for once free of the accursed coat, covered only in a light parka over a t-shirt.
Sweeter, still lancing through Cas' whole body with fire and passion, but there was also something... soft.
On his next breath he was hit with the sharp scent of arousal from his mate, sending goosebumps all over his arms and back.
He watched as Dean swallowed, as if it hurt him too, as if he didn't understand what was wrong, and the bile rose up stronger in Cas' mouth.
But even though it wasn't it is all he has at the moment. When Castiel turns from the new path back to the stone, it’s already disappeared along with the familiar, leaving Castiel with only one way - forward.
In the meantime, the current has brought them almost all the way back to the shore and it only takes a minute to stir the human to it. They walk backwards across the narrow beach, not breaking the kisses or the frantic groping.
"Ohh, come on! What, I spent all this time drinking for nothing?!" - Dean whines when the pleasant buzz of alcohol disappears from his head and limbs with but a flicker of Cas' fingers.
The tingles are gone, but the faint aroma of absinthe remains, and when Dean lazily cracks open his eyes, everything is dark except the faint glow of the wings. It's not the whole wings either, but unseen--before, in the light--grooves going all throughout them. Like a web of blue, pulsing and thrumming with life and what is probably Cas' life force or whatever. It's mesmerizing and somehow even more intimate a sight than the wings themselves, as if it's a secret only he's allowed to witness.
He seems to settle on trying to bullshit his way out, finally meeting Cas' eyes, daring, his breath a little more shallow, barely noticeable to anyone else, but Castiel notices.
They also don't encounter anyone until they are back to the administrative building. Anyone human, that is. They do see a big outrageously fluffy, black cat lounging on a branch of an old oak and staring them down from the height of it. And, while Dean tries to win a staring match with the thing, Cas seems way too absorbed in examining the tree itself, or rather the weird deep grooves, going horizontally all around the alarmingly wide trunk of it.
But why would the creep hit the reverse on it now? The answer is probably in the incoherent demands he keeps spewing. In Russian. Or whatever that is that Dean doesn't speak.
"Hey, Cas," - he rasped out, not bothering to even pretend to resist as he was dragged through the parking lot.
Meg had just laughed at him, waving his concerns off with "you looked like you were having fun, didn't want to interrupt". He had not had any fun.
"So... Correct me if I'm wrong. You, basically, been stalking him, bringing him dead animals, and making explicit sexual advances all this time... Without. Actually.
Firstly, he discovers the door, one that is so close in color to the walls Dean hasn’t actually noticed it before. He does now as it is thrown off its hinges and out of the doorframe entirely. Flying and landing with a neat little thud right in the face of the bony creeper.
Adjusting his position slightly and stretching as much as he could without jostling Cas, Dean listened to his body. He wasn't cold - big plus there, he was hungry though, slightly numb in places, but overall pretty good. He even managed to feel fairly rested, despite the uncomfortable seat and the headache-inducing pillow in the form of Cas' backpack.
He screamed when Cas, between showering him with praise at how good and tight he feels, how good it is to fuck him like that, how he can do it for hours, just pumping him full with his come and then healing him up again to go again, and again, slapped Dean's ass hard. The sharp sting quickly dissolving into scolding pleasure yet again, leaving the human wound tighter, begging for more.
"Our next contestant is very new to the stage, you might say as innocent as an angel, even... So be gentle, folks. Give it up for Castiel who’s gonna sing “Him” by Sam Smith!"
But Dean wouldn't let some ball of fur (who had grown like three times her size already) to stop him from having a good time, oh no.
And in between repelled alien invasions and secret bunkers that Benny loved so much, he somehow pieced together the not so happy story of the girl. And that she was bored and sad. And didn't have anything to do. Her mother was tired and broke...
It was the next day, and he was back, clothed this time, though. And clearly wanting to get back to his more... natural state.
He barely cares for that though, when there is a desperate horny angel below him, wings glistening with both oil and grace now. Cas’ erection laying heavily on his belly, hard and flushed, a drop of precome sliding down toned stomach. He's trembling, writhing ever so slightly, unable to keep still, slick feathers fluttering over the sheets, closer to Dean.
"Well, that tree does look rather suspicious, I agree, even though I don't recognize if they’re actually magical symbols or something else without further research. But... Dean, you said, there was a cat sitting on that tree?"
Dean sees from his side as Cas smiles softly, as he only ever does with Jack. It is a very special smile, different from the way he smiles at Dean, or even at Sam. It is gentle, and proud, and protective. There is that infinite love, subtle, but still always shining through that Dean can compare only to the way Mary looked at him when he was a kid.
And as he fell right back asleep as soon as they stopped moving, Dean was forced to stay awake. And keep watch.
Jack, ever so oblivious, and sometimes so much like a child of his actual age, is simply eager to hear the rest of the dashing rescue. Cas chuckles, turning back to him and Sam, who is feigning disinterest, but just as engrossed in the tale, Dean can tell.
The cat slinked into the warmth of his house like a shadow... Only to sit at his feet. And meow. Again.
As the humans were the only ones most of the supernaturals didn't feel defensive with when at their weakest, ill or injured.
He wakes up alone, feeling even worse than before. The dizziness persists even though he’s still lying down, practically drowning in the plush bed. There are no windows, so telling how much time has passed is impossible. Dean also discovers that he doesn’t have either his watch, nor his own clothes. Instead, he is dressed in what looked likes a... Sleeping gown?
First he just had to wash the creature, just to stop it from tracking mud and water all over the carpets. And to stop it from shivering so pathetically.
He sighs and moves on, meeting Cas in the living room, where he just unearthed Dean's lonely sock from under the couch. It’s green and Dean knows exactly how it ended up there.
Cas could remember each and every corner he was dragged, tugged or lured into for the short kiss or long make-out session, or even something more... risky.
She is swift, if slightly uncoordinated, and almost manages to trap Dean in a hug, but another person stops her just in time with a firm grip on the tanned shoulder.
And while their friends nod approvingly, Sam bores his calculating and slightly surprised look at Dean, who just shrugs. He might not be perfect, but he definitely won't give the kid the same struggles he was suffering with and spout some homophobic bullshit. He’s heard it enough in his life. In his own head too.
Castiel is still the first one in the water, diving in with clean precision, thankful for the relatively-clear-from vegetation lake floor. He swims a little further out, away from the pier, surfacing a few good meters away looking around for Dean.
The growly, deep voice commands and he obeys, of course he does. It is like a second nature to him by this point.
It sounds reasonable, mature. Talk. Discuss. Nothing at all like what Dean usually does, so it must be some good advice. He nods, resolving to step out of his own way and deal with the roiling mess of emotions in his chest in a way he hasn’t before. With the person causing them. With Cas. But first he needs to find a place, an occasion. “Alone for a bit” rings in his head as he retreats to his room, going straight for the laptop and starting the research. “To settle it all.”
Cas' wings were heavily based on the colors of the Blue Jays - the birds this fic owes quite a lot, with all their beauty being a huge inspiration.
And there were those eyes, staring him down. He noticed he and Castiel were probably around the same height. Perfect for kisses.
He didn't actually believe in it though. It was just a silly ritual he kept up because fucking the guys under the shelter of dirty, but still-whole roof was better than doing them in the sticky alley where cops liked to catch late party-goers.
"Well not like I could just walk in with him?! He'd make me in a second! I figured you have the other exit, I took the one he got in through... Fuck. There must be another one, come on."
Benny just rolled his eyes at his impatience, way too used to it by now. So used that Dean actually got a nickname in the office by that point.
And each time Cas was there, shushing him, whispering something too quiet to hear, but gentle, distracting background to hang onto. As his fingers slid over Dean's neck and shoulders, scratching over his scalp one time.
Dean wants to not show his fear, not like this, not to this stupid thing. But Cas always knows better, drawing him into a tight embrace with one hand, leaving the other for steering the cursed contraption.
Even in the bunker they can't be left alone long enough, work and other responsibilities are always looming on the horizon. All Dean wants is to just get at least a few days alone with his angel.
They couldn't leave, he couldn't leave, not when there was Dean Winchester, shouting in his face to do his job.
Cas would have laughed if he wasn't mildly worried he just broke his future... husband...mate...partner? Whatever they'd be called.
By all counts, it should hurt like hell, but with Cas it’s never a problem unless he wants it that way.
Maybe he is. He couldn’t care less and he steps forward on shaky legs. To simply kiss his angel, whom he loves so dearly, has loved so dearly for so long.
They had had a late night, getting lost in the conversation again, walking through the dark, empty streets... Until they came to Dean's house. Dean invited him up for a cup of tea. Truly.
The blizzard stopped and now it was a crisp, clear morning. It would be perfect. If Dean hadn't had a job to do.
That effectively closes that conversation, though the angel turns half an ear to the chatter of the group on the off chance that they mention something crucial to the case. But his mind is more focused on keeping Dean in his sight, still unsettled by the Vasilisa and the possibility of the monster being in the lake itself. Even though none of the bodies were found anywhere even close to it, their cause of death is ambiguous enough for it to be almost anything. Almost anything, that is, with something at least human-shaped in play, since the bones of the victims bore clear signs of cooking and further consumption of the flesh.
After getting past the initial surprise, Dean made sure to stick his legs out so that if the target were to try to leave in the confusion, he'd certainly trip on them and alert Dean.
Yet he’s still the one that Cas smiles at and on whose cheek he drops a quick kiss while passing by. He’s still the one he always comes back to, and Dean is way too selfish to just let it go and make him find somebody better. Because for him, Cas is that "better"--no, he's just "the best" and probably that sappy "only" too. So screw the universe, he's keeping Cas this time and he’s not letting go.
The feeling only strengthened when he put a book out as the other seats were filling out with people... Only to be interrupted in his reading barely a minute as he started.
She shredded clothes, peed in shoes, hissed and scratched, basically, doing anything and everything that a cat could, to make sure Dean knew how unhappy she was.
It was the food. The clear pleasure, the... satisfaction, that flowed through Dean's veins when he saw that his mate was happy with what he provided.
But she wasn't listening to Dean. She stepped forward, and then settled her paws on Castiel’s shoulders, and... pressed her tiny, furry forehead to his. And purred.
Castiel cradles the sleeping human in his arms, frankly unable to quite believe in this strange and miraculous reality he has found himself in.
Cas tugs him along the path that is quickly getting lost in the encroaching darkness, but the angel's eyes see through it easily. He leads them both without much trouble and with Dean stumbling over roots only a couple of times.
!" - Dean spits the word as an insult, his attention finally diverted from their argument, which isn't really an argument, because even though they bicker Dean doesn't move away. Because they only managed to find one free chair (pool, beach or any other kind) when Castiel emerged from the water and Dean managed to stop laughing.
He had no idea if Cas actually aced any tests, but he sure looked like someone who would. He was reading a school-related book on the bus. During the Christmas holiday.
And really, "whatever you want" was quite literal with Cas it seemed because a moment later there were two more fingers pushing in alongside the others, the stretch almost uncomfortable.
Because there’s something new, something else teasing his asshole, never mind the length already buried there.
Soon another couple who just got to the resort joins them, both men and apparently close friends of Arin. István towers over them all--probably as tall as Sam--all muscles and tattoos on tanned skin that shows his northern heritage, along with bushy sandy beard. He looks menacing but he follows his companion like a puppy, fetching more chairs for them to sit close by and gently rubbing sunscreen onto his husband’s back, after introducing himself.
His brain refused to compute, the shock and the anger and the alcohol all mixing together in the tension headache.
Sam is watching in fascinated surprise at how much his older brother has changed for those short two weeks at the retreat and how much more open he is now.
So, first off, the compound of the resort is fucking huge. Secondly, Dean hates it and loves it all at the same time. The nature around them is beautiful and vast with forest stretching outside little clean trails for miles and miles. Untouched, wild and gorgeous, and also probably filled to the brim with all kinds of bloodthirsty nightmares. On the other side is the lake though, the jagged shoreline of which is framed by narrow private beaches, cutting right into that same forest. The waters are deep and blue, reflecting the trees and the sky, again, probably a home for some monsters, but still so enticingly stunning.
He might have miscalculated when he figured that Cas would just move on when he dropped out of their conversation earlier.
"Want to see you touch yourself, my darling. Want to see just how much you're enjoying yourself, bouncing here up and down on my cock. Want to see you come, all over me, just as you keep fucking yourself onto it."
This time it seems even the angel has lost his patience because Cas doesn’t leave. Rather, he walks closer, sitting with legs folded beneath him, right before Dean, looking up at him with a rather odd expression. It is not questioning, nor accusing. No, Castiel smiles at him, tender and lovingly and that breaks Dean’s defences better than any battering ram.
Benny agreed that this was rather alarming, given what they knew about this guy’s psyche, so they were extra vigilant.
He hadn’t, but those guests are of the pleasant kind and he’s drifting off to sleep with a smile, thinking of reunions. With his Baby, Sam and Jack. Exactly in that order.
Charlie, beaming with a shit eating grin, wheels in a serving cart atop which stands a positively gigantic, shameless, proudly erect... dick. Well, a cake in the form of a dick, the top of it adorned with two birthday candles with the number 3 on each, blazing away with miniature flames happily.
He did steal a moment to take Cas' number. Which was given with a shy smile. And a goodbye hug, so tight it stole his breath.
Dean's mirror his own in all but one, sent from Dean's phone but clearly not by him. Just before the alarmed barrage of information and calls to check that they are alright from Sam, there is a text in Russian. Which would be pretty weird if he hadn’t been anticipating something like that.
Driver shrugged to the indignant shouts from the passengers and simply went outside. Cas was back to shaking in Dean's lap. Now with the cold too, as the engines were down for the night and the heating was off.
Dean only manages a startled look at Cas before Arin squeals and practically dives at him, squeezing his midsection with what looks like a painful force for anybody who isn't an angel. Cas only quirks his lips in a half smile, patting her on the back in return, and she looks content after finally releasing him and cuddling closer to the other person.
He was so handsome too, it felt almost unreal, but his skin under Dean's trembling palms felt real enough. So he licked his lips in reverent anticipation and wrapped his fingers around the base of that cock, barely catching a whine when he couldn’t manage to even connect them it was so thick.
That gets him giggles and some wiggles too, and finally a look, only a glance from beneath fluttering eyelashes. But that is enough it bring a smile to Castiel lips, and enough to deliver a teasing bite to the left ass cheek of the man before him.
He breathes out heavily and shakes his head, trying to keep himself under control, to be professional, since they still haven't caught the thing killing people. They’re nowhere even close to identifying it. But as he patters around barefoot, using the facilities and slowly shucking off clothes, his thoughts stubbornly cling to the other reason he even found this case.
"Don't worry Sam, I don't mind if Dean thinks about sex with Castiel all the time. It makes them both happy."
Even if he had never done this before, or felt like this before, feverish, and impatient, and ready to shake out of his own skin... With Dean, he could just enjoy this.
He bottoms out and everything stills for a moment. It’s just them, breathing in each other, nuzzling close, trading gentle words and unhurried kisses. Until Dean moves experimentally, just a subtle sway of his hips and then he is swearing again.
Dean loved hearing Cas talk. About anything - the medicine, his studies, all those weird convoluted terms Dean had zero idea about... But the way Cas' eyes lit up, the passion in his voice, it was mesmerising.
Castiel catches his eyes, staring imploringly at the flailing human, who seemingly catches his drift a little too late. Maybe Cas should cut him off that beer, for the sake of the case at least.
"Do you remember how they looked? I didn't pay much attention at first, but... They seemed to exhibit a rather clear resemblance in their appearance to the traditional divide in female and male stereotypes."
Teeth bit onto his nipple, a touch too harsh. But that pain was balanced by the slick hand spreading the lube over his cock.
"Yes, Dean, we've discussed this already. Seven times. And seven times I’ve told you that no, we don't have to, unless you're sure."
Dean whines disappointingly when Cas surfaces, but another kiss does wonders to shut down any possible protests.
He stops though, words somehow much more meaningful than he thought about them, but still ringing with undeniable truth.
Dean really wants to shed his clothes again and go for a swim, preferably naked and with a particular angel in tow, just to see how blue of his eyes would look against the waters of that lake. He's also pretty sure that Cas would allow this if he asked, which is why he doesn't. They do have work to do, people to save, monsters to fight. Skinny-dipping can wait a day or two. Probably. Maybe.
It had a perfect voice too, in addition to everything else - low and gruff, rolling over Dean, making him shiver with something very different from fear.
And then Cas tore himself away with a growl and jerked his chin at the direction of the car with a short command that left no arguments, - "Drive."
He’s said this three times already, he thinks, and he still nurses that first beer bottle he snagged before going outside on the deck to “get some air”.
But Cas did it, and each labored breath he took was followed by the hungry clench of his ass, making Dean groan.
"Хороший выбор. Если коротко - Бабка и её муженёк заскучали в нашей России, потому что никто в них там не верит, даже дети бояться перестали. Полный бардак. Вот они и приехали сюда, на отпуск, да ваших людишек поесть. Всё болтали что-то про "романтика мертва" и прочий нонсенс, пока не нашли местных геев. Уж не знаю почему, но вы для них достаточно стереотипны, чтобы играться в эти их спаси принцессу, только вместо спасения Кощей обоих убивает, а Бабка лопает."
"Hey, I'm with the police, please, play along," - it probably looked like a kiss as the man whispered quickly into his ear.
Dean's phone is in his hands, though, so he has to guess. There are still a few stragglers, others like him running from the rain and every one of them seem to flock to the building with the pool. It seems reasonable to at least check there before going back to the cabin and lo and behold, Dean is right there, washing mud off his feet in one of the open standing showers on the side.
Sam patted him on the arm comfortingly, far too familiar with the specific brand of stubbornness of his older brother.
Dean goes practically tomato red at the admission, as though he didn't mean to say that out loud, and he probably didn't, already trying to turn away, to escape. But Cas catches him by the wrist, tugging him closer once again. Kissing once more, because he likes to say it and now he can say it even without words, just like this, with only a touch, only a kiss.
It looks like a good place to get a read on the locals and learn the latest gossip, so they find the doors and go on in.
But here he goes... Or rather here they go. All three of them, because Cas is crazy and brilliant and perfect.
He was way too happy around Cas, basking in the attention and the closeness, allowed just a little bit more every time they met.
"I'm only into girls, big guy. Just so you know," - Charlie whispered into Cas' ear before going to the bar.
His eyes shine, unchanging and steady, the bluish glow of grace unchecked, so strong, Dean's sure the subtle flickering of the lights is not just a trick of his mind.
Those were some tense three hours, as the bus crawled through the barely cleared roads. There was space for one car in one direction in the best case and the driver had to slow down to not clip somebody coming towards them every time.
Dean only huffs, not truly annoyed as his hips move subtly closer to his lover’s mouth. Castiel adores that flustered look all the more as he manages to make it hungrier, anticipating, the cap of the bottle of lube popping loudly. He squeezes a generous amount on his fingers right as Dean nods his assent, muscles beneath Castiel hands tensing. He drops yet another kiss, sucking a mark right below the waist, distracting a gasping Dean just enough for the first touch of the lubed fingers to come easier, with less pressure.
Dean finishes on a whisper, hand over his face, hiding and frustrated and afraid. Sam, though, stands up beside him, settling both hands on his shoulders, making Dean face him.
<<"Well... Thank you for the offer, but I wasn't planning on hurting your cub, or you for that matter. I was simply looking for a way around so as to not disturb him.">>
Cas focused his hazy with lust gaze at Dean and nodded. Not stopping the uncoordinated thrusts, looking more and more desperate by the second.
He withdraws just a little, catching Dean's eyes again, warm palm cradling his face, the intimacy of it making Dean's stomach flutter.
Impatient as Dean was, swearing and begging, and promising that he's good, and Cas can just do it, that he wants it, wants
<<"If only. That asshole is immortal, just as his name suggests, unless you find where he's hidden his Death.">>
Those sweet spots near the bend that keep leaking the fragrant oil. Cas practically vibrates under his hands, clutching at his back, clawing into it in a frenzy. Dean only shuffles slightly, sliding a knee between Cas' thighs, grinding down to meet his instinctual thrusts, as his fingers keep rubbing down the oil along the feathers. He can see the lights flickering for real now, and every glass object around them is trembling and ringing in its place, right along to the rhythm of Cas' lewd mewls.
With that smile he meets Dean's eyes when he finally opens them, bleary and blinking slowly. He balks, just a twinge, meeting his gaze and groans.
"Your costume, dummy," - still there, still there, still touching him, and talking, the familiar teasing tone.
Or the bitter tears he hated, just like he hated Dean, and Charlie, and that soft smile that was supposed to be only for him.
When he walks on, the hunger lets up just a little, still there, but muted, as if it served its purpose and Castiel readies himself for a possible fight or something even worse.
Dean sees Cas deflate just a little beside him, shoulders drooping even though his face stays passive and curses his defensiveness silently.
“It depends…” Cas is silent for a moment, thinking it over, glancing at Dean in curiosity, but he doesn’t question the sudden interrogation. “They are usually safe, unless my opponent is very strong or attacks my grace directly. As to the touch… If it’s not done with harmful intent, and from somebody I trust… It can work. I can also bring them closer to this reality at will, if needed.”
"Clearly, not all of them," - Cas drawled, slightly impressed that the man knew that much. There must be more to him that just a pretty face…
That last word is barely audible, he’s been afraid to say it, think it even, terrified that the answer could be “no”. More so, that it could be “yes” and he would never know, she would never know, never get the chance to say it to him.
He was just so excited to have such a generous offer and an office all of his own straight from the academy, he didn't look further. He just said yes.
Dean feels it in every word, every note Cas sings though. Cas’ eyes are closed again but Dean knows if the angel would open them now they would see them alight with grace.
He smiles at the memory. The sun is high in the sky and the day is simply lovely, the heat couples with a refreshing breeze from the lake, so Castiel decides to walk there in the swimming shorts. His T-shirt and a couple of carefully folded towels are in his arms, unneeded for a moment, as he enjoys the play of the sun rays across his skin.
Because yes. This time it was him pressed into Cas' ass with his crotch. And it was just as awful...ly tempting as he thought it would. Especially with Cas so pliant in his embrace, leaning into his chest, half seated, half lying in the seat.
He sobbed with the intensity of it and thrust deep, losing his last coherent thoughts in the whirlwind of pleasure and ardor.
"Can you... Make them visible? You know, without my eyes burning out. That'd probably put a damper on the mood."
Castiel wants to make him forget to breathe entirely so he shifts closer, capturing wet lips with his own. They exchange slow, deliberate kisses as they bob on the surface with occasional sweeps of their legs to keep afloat.
They stand on a narrow cliff, free of greens, guarded by a low flimsy railing that does nothing to hide the startling beauty behind it. The sundown is in its prime, and all the sky, so vast and close from up here is painted with a blinding kaleidoscope of orange, yellow, purple and blues. The lake below just adds to the brilliancy. Its shiny surface reflecting the spectacle from above, but there it mixes with deep greens of the forest, the contrast stark and alluring. Hues and colors shift and change minutely, Dean's eye barely able to catch up and he breathes out awed and unthinking.
And then he was diving in the scalding heat, melting, into, the first time so close and revelling in it.
"Yeah, what? I'm here!" - he flicked his eyes up, thanking the gods again for the image of Jo standing behind the counter.
He didn't even notice, but he was exhausted, magic drain shackling his limbs, fogging his eyesight, screwing with his balance...
Dean choked on a scream, the air knocked out of his lungs with the first powerful thrust that almost had him sliding along the floor... Except there were two firm hands holding him perfectly in place.
Not that it didn't mean going through hell. And complaining all the way. To Lady, though, not to Cas.
Arin smiles again, looking only slightly abashed, but does step away, giggling drunkenly and fixing a tight bun of brown curls back up from where it slid down from the weight of the water.
“Oh gods, where the hell are you touching my cat! No wonder she runs away from you!" Dean was joking, actually. But as he made an affronted face, just... hinting on a protective posture, standing between Sam and the cat. The cat practically burst with purring, quickly climbing up Dean's body, clinging to his clothes with its tiny claws before it could lay across his shoulders. And look at Sam and laughing Eileen as if she were a queen, and they - the ground under her feet...paws...whatever!
Sam really should have known better. He should have but he was worried for his brother and his friend, so he just had to check in on them when the whole place started shaking again.
Cas shook the strange thoughts away, focusing on the wounds that he had to get clean before the actual healing.
"Yeah, babe, I'm right here. Bet you can feel me nice and deep. Taking my cock so good. Like you were made for it."
He gestures for the Familiar to continue noting the smile of relief it causes. Clearly, somebody here is pretty desperate to get their way and it isn't Castiel, as it seemed. Or not
The lower feathers, long and wide, are much darker. Dean can barely discern the hues, glistening and shimmering, swirls of black with more purple, and the deepest dark blue, like starless nights, except there are stars right there, with more white at the ends.
, Dean’s very soul reaching towards Cas with terrifying strength. Its ardent yearning echoing through their bond so loud that the angel could barely hear anything else.
So, as Cas steps from the stage right as he walks to him, Dean kisses him, long and tender. There is more cheering, deafening and exhilarating and Dean laughs into Cas' lips, elated and giddy with it.
So he trapped Cas near one of the closets, hugging him from behind and closing the door. So he could press his angel right into the door, and so he could press himself into the angel. Cas was already dressed for the road, only a soft t-shirt and some new jeans, and it was driving Dean crazy. He looked so domestic, so at home. In Dean's space.
"It was charmed too, of course, just like the rest of the trials. The only person who could break it was Koshey himself."
And the sweet, sweet kiss, he was finally free to press into those pink, lush lips in front of all those people.
People screamed, but Cas hardly cared, his power surging from the shock and anger, his eyes lighting up with otherworldly blue.
Cas tried to leave, to escape, but was quickly captured by Naomi who wanted to introduce her best employee to all the sponsors.
A chipper voice rings out way too close and way too loud for Dean's liking. He's already so close to kissing Cas senseless, to drinking those enticing words from his lips, Ukrainian or whatever they could be. And Cas actually has the gall to smirk, clearly translating Dean’s emotions as easily as he did the song. He turns to a young woman waiting patiently behind a counter, beaming with an amused smile.
Dean used his hands to show her a middle finger, much to Jo’s amusement, before grabbing a paper with a fresh order.
It’s a rather sudden change of topic, but Dean complies wondering why... or should he just get off completely, or...
"Alluring... Tempting... Stunning..." - he kisses along the spine, nuzzling, smiling at Dean's shivers. - "Precious... Ravishing... Divine..."
“I don’t know… things. Stuff. Sitting, walking, can you even feel them or are they just… in your head, sorta?”
The light of Cas' magic flickered for the last time and went out, but Dean could easily see through the dark the blush on Cas' cheeks.
Another thing Cas had never seen before, as Dean was ever so careful around him with his vampiric nature.
"I'm here, Cas. Come on, darling, move those perfect hips for me. Want to feel you come, just take what you need."
Cas’ voice breaks his reverie and he turns slightly, barely distinguishing the figure of the angel in the darkness of the house as he stands in the doorway.
And then he’s painted by the white drops, all over his face and chest, mingling with his own cum on his stomach.
As Cas bent over him, he stilled, balls deep, his angle shifting, making Dean whine pathetically yet again.
It takes another long while to clean up a cabin. Castiel feels somewhat embarrassed by the destruction, but Dean only laughs, reassuring him that it was "totally worth it". He seems more relaxed overall, even as he stumbles over pieces of furniture. As if last night confirmed something, or felt just as meaningful as it did to Castiel, or both. He’s happy for the change nonetheless, hoping it will bring them closer. Not only in body but as an actual couple.
Cas still kisses Dean, chasing raindrops and Dean's taste on his tongue, wings hugging him close until Dean is shaking in his arms, hanging onto his shoulders like he's falling.
It's only a minute more before the boat thuds softly, connecting with the sand in the shallow waters and Castiel is already getting out to haul it further onto shore, not really caring that Dean is still seated, gripping it for purchase against the sudden tug.
Dean was hesitant, but the wooden... barrel? Looked sturdy, albeit totally unsuitable for any transportation Cas had claimed. Unless they were meant to just roll with it from the cliff, in which case, he'd rather brave it on foot, thank you very much.
"You remind me of them a lot..." - she swallows, finishing her cocktail in one big gulp and hurriedly getting up. "I'll go get another."
Cas looked freaked out but in one piece when Dean came back inside, but hadn’t let go of him for a second after. At least he’d stopped shaking after Dean promised that everything was alright.
"Of course," all serious again grits out Cas, but neither are fooled, the smiles hidden behind the words. A little embarrassed, a little happy and nobody comments on the angel's hand that keeps holding Dean’s over the gearshift, not constricting the movement. Just a constant presence. A reminder. That he is here. With Dean.
Dean draws in a shuddering breath before giving a signal and just as the music starts, he sings. He wishes he was better at it. Singing and pretty much everything. So he really tries to put it in the words, simple lines and simple melody, all he can offer.
He must've thought that hard enough for Cas to pick up and as they step to their table, he stumbles, groaning under his breath.
Dean chuckled. Good sign, that he wasn't puking after that or after talking anymore. Probably because there wasn't much left to puke with... Still.
And he does, fingers clutched onto Cas shirt. Wet face buried in his neck. Cas’ heartbeat in Dean’s ears and his angel's wings around him.
To just let him go, like that, without a fight or a final argument suddenly didn't look like such a good idea.
Dean actually made a point of getting up. Threw Lady out of the bedroom, before slamming the door shut.
"What about? He didn't answer any of the courtship steps! You know we should talk about moving in only after he does!"
When they separate, Dean is breathless and giddy, still holding onto Cas, one hand on his jaw, another in his hair, and once again he is amazed that he is allowed this. But Cas only smiles, soft and content, resting his forehead against Dean's, palms sneaking under his shirt.
He really, really likes that he doesn't need to voice his response and can just say it all with a kiss that Cas eagerly responds to.
Higher and higher and he’s not in his body anymore, but somewhere else, conscious but melting and turning to something new.
His voice, deep and calm is so odds with cries of the song, with the meaning of his words, yet when Dean turned around he sees it all in Cas' eyes. The quiet fire burning, beckoning Dean closer to come and turn to ashes in its heat.
Instead of watching them walking around, laughing and looking so perfect together, Cas decided to drink some more.
"What's your name, pretty boy?" - this one Cas totally ignored no matter how many times it was asked.
Cas now seems focused on piloting the contraption, eyes never wavering from the horizon, but his wings...
Strong enough to keep him fully suspended in their grip, wrapped in them, spread and open for anything Cas might like to do to him.
The only thing that he was worried was the defense lawyer. The sleazy, posh bastard who had no qualms working for somebody like Alistair.
In the front view of everybody, touching him, and... And maybe he wasn't the only one running away from things.
How else he could explain how instead of running away he went straight for the thing that was causing his pain.
To see Cas standing, ramrod straight in between him and the man Dean had been chasing for almost a year now. Who had him under the barrel of the gun, pressed into that bed hair Dean had stroked just a little while ago.
"It was nothing special..." - finding some semblance of calm mumbled Cas, looking anywhere but at Dean.
Dean doesn’t miss the wistful smile of Cas when he talks about it. He knows, knew for a long time, that his angel gave up more than a job or a home for him. Cas gave up a literal part of himself to support Dean and fight his battles. He promises to thank Jack again for returning that part to Cas, because it is clear how important it is to him.
But he just doesn’t know how to go about it. Dean never was good at this relationship stuff, and the thought of screwing something up with Cas? After he finally found the courage to go for it with him? It isn’t something that Dean can afford to risk. He is sighing his frustrations into a beer bottle in his Dean-cave, when Sam walks in, taking in the picture and the atmosphere pretty quick.
The room erupts in cheers and applause, Arin at Dean’s side whistles her lungs out, deafening him for a moment with the volume. Dean's eyes, however, are glued to the stage.
But he can't really make his shaking legs work right at this moment, so instead he sinks to his knees, ignoring the little branches, sand and pinecones that dig into his skin.
He placed it on the counter, crouching near Dean who had stopped puking at least. Though he still looked wrecked, so pale he was pretty much greenish, tears glistening in his eyes.
Because right there, by that tree that Castiel left him, Dean stands, back turned to him, arched and glistening with water, faint red marks from the rough bark of the pine still visible. His thighs tremble ever so slightly, but are planted on the ground firm enough, presenting his round ass right for Castiel's gaze. Only his head is lowered as if to hide, the red tips of ears picking out, betraying Dean’s shyness. The angel can't bear to make him wait any longer, practically pouncing on such a graciously offered feast.
On the flip side, the target had been pretty calm, save for occasional glare thrown Dean's way. And those seem to be more on Cas' account than anything else. A cursory glance over the passengers showed Benny pretending to nap by one of the windows. So far everything looked good.
His ass, his thighs, even his belly and legs, everything is tired and sore like it might be after a rigorous workout.
Because as it turned out, he stayed awake for far longer than Dean, listening to Benny's tales. And to the kid.
"It never was what?! What was it, Dean? What was it that made it so easy to just... go away and ran to Charlie, or whoever?!"
When it becomes clear that Dean isn't going to make them, Castiel takes the last steps forward himself. It rings true for more than just this moment, but unlike so many times in their life before, Dean doesn't resist. He goes into his hands easily, returning the embrace instantly, and his lips are soft under the kiss.
Just at the right time too, because this was getting too much even for Cas' self-control. But if this guy wasn't lying... Well, there was no actual harm in playing along for a bit.
If anybody told Dean he'd be in such a situation someday he'd have advised them to check their sanity.
He freaked out even more, when wooden fingers locked onto his wrist from that wall he kept fucking against. And then, following those fingers, came the rest of a body.
Then he gets up with a defeated sigh and gets back to checking out their place of residence for the next two weeks.
"Давай по-честному, раз так хочешь. Я сразу понял, что вы двое не простые отдыхающие. Особенно ты, серьезно, эти твои крылышки вовсе не такие незаметные, как ты по ходу думаешь..."
<<"Oh, yes, Tima. Timofey. That's his name. This is my cat, he helps me to keep an eye on things around here. Catches vermin too...">>
He’s so familiar with Dean's body by now; perfectly tuned in to the wavelength of his thoughts, and so, it’s easy to play him like this.
<<"Let's clear the air, if you will. I noticed right away that you aren't just a couple of tourists. Especially you, I mean really, those wings of yours aren't as nearly as hidden as you apparently think...">>
"Oh... No, Dean, I'm sorry, this place is still warded extensively, which is one of the reasons I couldn't find it before. We must use more local means of transportation instead."
Then Cas does open his eyes. It's hard to tell beneath the lights of the stage but there is something
<<"Wise choice. The short version - Baba and her hubby got bored in Russia, with nobody believing in them there anymore... even the kids aren't afraid as they used to. It's this whole mess. So they came here, you know, get some vacation time, chomp on some folks. Kept droning on about how "the chivalry is dead" and so on before they stumbled on local queers. For the life of me can't figure out why, but they seem to think you all are stereotypical enough for them to play with you in a “save the princess” nonsense. Except without the saving, because Koshey kills them both and Yaga eats what's left.">>
It is weirdly hard to leave this place, where he shared so many moments with Cas, just the two of them.
He was already signed up for a three-year contract in the craziest populated shred of land in all the kingdom. Which was populated fully and only by all kinds of supernatural creatures from all over the world.
He even points at said pool as if that would prove his point. People stare, but Castiel is way to amused to give up now.
But, he has more pressing matters for now and just as he claims his angel's mouth, his fingers  are digging back into the wings, with only one target in mind.
And then when they step out of the last of the trees, his breath catches for a totally different reason.
Everybody is quite surprised by the practically viral reaction each video with Cas gets, but Dean knows the secret.
They were still in the bus. About half of the seats were empty, though as quite a bit of passengers chose to stay as well. Including the creep, which meant neither Dean nor Benny were moving.
Her last words hit them in their backs as they're already walking away, and as Dean turns back to her, just for a second, he could swear he sees her hair turn gray, rather than blond. But it's gone so fast, that he just nods, reminding himself to tell Cas later, because it could've been just a trick of light from the setting sun. But it could’ve been something else entirely.
He was expecting the cat to try to fight him, he heard that cats didn't really like water... Not this one, clearly.
hurt. He was so happy, because clearly, Cas was accepting. One second before, and now he was... not? What the hell?
He speaks the words with all the conviction and sincerity that he has, with all the desperation of the weeks without Cas, with all the pent up longing of the years before. He hears Sam choking on a laugh, but his eyes are glued to Cas. Cas, who looks a little startled, with brows high and eyes searching Dean's face for something. Dean feels vulnerable, his big, dark secret finally exposed to the light. The light that shines from Cas’ blue eyes, piercing him with a glance down into his very soul, it seems. And Dean isn't sure if his little sob is what’s needed, is what his angel is looking for. But whatever it was, it has the angel smiling wide and breathing out in a hurried rush of stuttered breath. And then squeezing Dean in a bone crushing embrace with just a little bit too much of his angel strength behind it. As if Cas is so happy he can't quite control himself. And that thought brings with it a wave of shivers down Dean's spine, anticipating heat coiling low in his belly. Cas chuckles dark and promising in his ear, holding him even closer.
"Pretty much. I finished the salads and the burger on the first order, and was just starting on the rest."
Cas' eyes are soft and serious, as he extends his hand, palm up, as if it's not a walk, but a frikkin dance formal, and Dean laughs soundlessly at the ridiculousness of it.
They check for charms and hexbags first. Dean dutifully checks over the kitchen, at the same time mapping out the neatly organized layout and making a mental list of groceries they should probably acquire at some point.
slide his palms, his naked palms--no gloves for this part--a little lower, leaving the freshly healed skin of the man's ballsack to move on to his inner thighs.
He almost tripped over his own feet when he was met with a glowing pair of crimson eyes staring him down from the dark.
He sounded really apologetic. And serious. Serious enough for Cas to laugh slightly, turning a bit, leaning into the stranger... Well, into
It takes two weeks of scouring public records for the owner, another week setting up the offer to the bank to buy it out.
The angel only nods, but the mortar seems to hasten its flight and Dean grabs onto Cas' waist tightly.
That seems to get the squirming down enough for Castiel to actually walk away, digging into the pockets of the abandoned jacket impatiently for the much needed item. He finds it and turns, small tube in hand, not prepared for the sight that awaits him there. It makes him promptly forget not only how to breath, but how to move, talk or think, altogether.
Assessing him with a look, Cas came to the decision. He took a couple of pills from the kit, the water bottle from the bag and walked back to the agent. Who was still sitting on the dirty floor, hugging the toilet. Cas tried his best not to think of all the germs that he was collecting from over there.
Dean frowned at the one he was folding. He frowned harder, realising it was the third one he bought in the last two weeks.
Dean is not so sure on that one, but he still obediently walks, already doing a mental inventory of the weapons they brought. And trying to figure out which would be more comfortable to dispatch that tree with - axes first or just straight-up burning it?
But he had to calm him down. Panicking would not help anybody right now. And Dean had to find out what was happening with the bus.
A crazy, half-formed thought flickered through his mind and Dean trembled at the dark, positively wicked chuckle it got from Cas, who clearly managed to catch it.
It's barely sundown, the sky is just starting to turn orange on the horizon on the edge of the evergreen trees, but people seem to be rather in a hurry to get out. Arin hurries Lance too, breaking up their conversation with Dean, polite, but firm. They wave goodbye, before disappearing onto one of the paths to the cabins, Dean making note of residents not being so keen to stay out in the dark.
And there is something glistening inside. After wrapping his hands in the horrifyingly pink sheets from the bed, Dean dives into the ashes, emerging with the sword the bony creep left behind. He picks it up with a little apprehension at first. But the blade is feather light, perfectly balanced, practically leaning into his hand like an eager pet when Dean makes a couple of experimental lunges.
Especially with that hungry sound Cas made when Dean squirmed, slick smearing on his underwear and it's scent wafting through the interior of the car, driving up the tension another notch.
Despite his words, Cas couldn't see any actual worry in the man's aura. Even the initial confusion was quickly being replaced by... an interest? He blinked, dispelling the image away, not wanting to invade this man's privacy more than he already had.
He mumbles, standing up to escape Sam's brows shooting up high and Jack’s giggling, and he needs a drink now. Even though Cas' strengthening back to the proud puffed out chest is warming him up from the inside.
But it made it all the harder to be apart. It was mostly when Dean was forced somewhere for a case, and even though Cas was understanding, and supportive, and amazing... They missed each other.
He even looked like an angel, with those unfathomable blue eyes... Dean sure hoped he was legal, at least.
He decides against arguing, his mood too good, and the relaxed, drowsy feeling seemingly contagious, because Castiel feels much like when he was human and needed to sleep. His thoughts and body feel more and more sluggish, where Dean's already snoring away on his shoulder and just before passing out completely, Cas realizes that yes. Their plan very much worked.
As the bus moved through the city at a snail’s pace, thanks to the evening traffic and light snow that hasn't let up since morning, Cas was getting more and more alarmed.
"Jesus Christ..." - Dean gasps, slumping in the magical grip, trying to catch his breath. It is a challenge as the vibrations of the tentacles don’t stop for a moment.
Dean heaves a wheezing little laugh, for somebody was surely preparing for this, warding the cabin beforehand to contain and mask angel emissions, but he doesn't laugh long. Because without a place to go, all the energy just echoes from the walls and returns, diluted but more prolonged. This time the rapture coming in waves and waves of pure bliss and Dean cries out before passing out because that
He wraps another towel tight around Dean's shoulders and then settles his wings above him, the beach already empty enough that nobody notices some slightly weird falling water. The contrast of the chilly rain and the warmth of Dean's skin is startling, making Castiel shiver, his wings trembling. And Dean shakes with them, unconsciously stepping closer. They're so close, he can feel Dean's breath on his lips, but before Castiel can close the distance for a kiss, a shout interrupts them.
He made sure to keep his voice even and calm, nearly a whisper, but not quite. Just a little louder, to get Cas' attention, and, hopefully, not let him completely panic.
He got only a devious chuckle in response before teeth closed around his mating mark in a hard bite.
And Cas just took it, not stopping, but encouraging, his evening scruff highlighting every caress with its tingly slide.
It takes a little bit of poking and goading and when Cas finally lifts his head up, face slack with lust, his eyes aren't just blue, they shine with the luminous light of his grace for a moment. He blinks and it's gone, but it's enough for Dean to shudder in fevered desire hoping to bring it back, to see it shine brighter when Cas will be so far gone he can't hide it from him.
Playing a couple was a risky move, but he couldn't afford to make too big of a scene and risk the target getting off the bus. He also couldn't allow the scumbag getting handsy. They needed him moving. If they could only catch him crossing state lines...
Dean laughs at the unsynchronised chorus booming through the entire lobby that had been commandeered for today's party.
Where Dean thought that Cas was all thin and elegant as his fingers, there were actually a wall of clearly trained muscles behind his back. A very warm, cozy wall, that was cuddling him.
Dean shamelessly whined, not even bothering to lift his head or move much, except for his hips, instinctively meeting Cas' thrusts, wishing he would slip inside and not just tease him with a slick drag of flesh over his rim.
A pair of culprits would explain all the inconsistencies, especially the reek of magic from one of the bodies among all the couples that was absent from the others. So the Familiar most likely wasn't lying... Plus Koshey was one of the possibilities Sam had mentioned as well, so the angel was inclined to believe at least that, if not the rather confusing motivation of said monsters.
And damn, if this wasn't for the life or death situation, Dean would probably be having a boner just from the sight unfolding before his eyes.
<<"And why exactly should I believe you? If Baba Yaga is your mistress all of this could be another trap.">>
"Yeah, yeah, all great points. But did he tell you about all the different attractions people can have?"
In private, behind closed doors of closets and empty offices, sometimes in barely covered corners...
Dean freezes for a moment, mouth gaping like a fish and the angel can watch in real time how his cheeks turn bright red, standing so close he can feel the heat coming off of them. Right until his human groans miserably, burying his flaming face on Castiel’s shoulder, gripping him in a vice tight hug.
"Well, folks! That's the situation! We'll give out blankets for those who want to remain here, others can come with me to the station. Hopefully, the motel has some rooms left too!"
She might have looked at him suspiciously, but she was not Ellen. She could deal. And he should be starting on getting up.
Dean practically jumps in surprise, but breathes out a relieved sigh,a smile already on his lips when he sees Castiel standing just a couple of steps away. Arin yells her greeting from where she and Lance are splashing in the water, but Castiel barely hears it. He’s too focused on Dean who recovers quickly, only for his eyes to get glued to Castiel. He can practically feel the greedy stare roving over his naked chest, and the angel stands just a little straighter at the attention, squaring his shoulders.
Right as Dean was drifting off to sleep (he had the morning watch), trying really, really hard to ignore the body pressed into him, the hushed silence of the bus was interrupted by a child's cry.
"Anything else other than the tacos could've caused this? Does anything hurt? Fever? Disorientation, trouble breathing?"
"Hey, hey, sweetheart, it's okay. I've got you. Can you take your phone out for me? It'll be a flashlight."
Confused, Dean shot a text to Cas, figuring than something came up in the hospital, and went into the shower, eager to wash away the stress and the grime of the trip.
"Yeah, yeah, here, water, gauze, and ouch, that looks nasty," - his assistant was already by his side, settling the basin with water on the low stool she brought.
, this connection, deeper than sex, deeper than the skin to skin contact, seeping straight into his bones and heart and
. Like he was trying to read Dean's thoughts or something. He clearly liked what he found there, because he blushed even harder.
Even after literally fucking the lights out of the angel. And himself, apparently, in some sense. He should probably be worried about all the destruction and the damages bill they'll have to pay, but he's too sleepy and too happy.
It is hard to decipher, the whole universe seemingly realigning itself to fit them both, but together, and Castiel drifts in a stunned, delirious haze for some time.
to touch, to feel Cas more, and, thankfully there were no protests as he grabbed him into a messy embrace.
<< "Well, in that case, I'll ask him not to come too close. Hear that, Tima? Don't bother the guests too much.">>
Cas chuckles, eyes still on the road, but his expression adopts a thoughtful quality, as if he is remembering something.
Dean is still living there full time, his roomy apartment taking up half of the top floor. He has amazing views from over there, and the no less amazing company of Cas.
He didn't even notice as his wings unfurled, black feathers rustling as they covered the man lying in bed and casting deep shadows on the walls.
The first orgasm of the night crashes over Dean, and his groan is of God's name, as Cas chuckles into his ear, Castiel catches some of Dean's cum on his tongue and licks the rest off from his stomach.
He's walking for barely a couple of minutes, unwilling to use his wings just yet in case that will alert whoever's holding Dean, but it seems that they are not particularly patient.
Cas was in the back seat. It would be weird if not for the steady red stare trained on Dean all the way and the rigid posture of his alpha.
This time it was a rush of stifled laughter. Including some from the jury. And even though the defense tried and tried to milk something out of him... Dean already knew that Cas just probably saved everybody from that psycho once again.
, expanding out of the angel with a soundless cry. Dean can feel it passing through him, visceral and fierce, tearing another orgasm out of him, much stronger than the last. He curls into Cas from the intensity of it, nearly sobbing with ecstasy that edges on pain, but then it passes, spreading outwards through the room.
Who gave up on sitting upright fifteen minutes in and went down. Settling his head on Dean's lap. And then he opened his book and started reading. Just like that.
And while all the heavenly imagery grates a bit on Dean's nerves, the photos look simply perfect. Forests and mountains make it a remote, less travelled location, the lake's blue surface inviting the onlooker to take a dip, its color reminiscent of Cas' eyes...
He also protected his mate, as he should have. Day and night, shooing away all the suspicious people from his hospital.
The angel under him twitches, wings fluttering slightly, but not pulling away, instead, pressing into his human's exploring hands.
But he is Dean Winchester, so of course he doesn't. And as he is clutching at his angel's back desperately, he is flying in the most horrible contraption to ever been made, including planes.
"I think you should go to a healer... And I should just... Go," - the girl, pale and eyeing the cat warily, said before running out, with her clothes barely on.
He laughs and Cas kisses him again, short little touches, and in between Cas whispers his name as if it is a prayer, a plea, a vow. It makes Dean's insides flutter and he can't find it in himself to care, he just presses in closer. They fall on the bed, right next to half-unpacked bag, Cas' breath hitching up, blue eyes laughing and sparkling, just on the verge of a glow.
Slow enough for Alistair to get frustrated. Slow enough for Benny to sneak from the other side of the alley, still too far away to do anything, but
The thin metal under his hands snaps with little pressure. The screech skeleton guy makes after that is anything but little. Dean’s only half aware of Cas' wings covering him, protecting from a blinding wave of light that comes later. The monster dissolving and incinerating, until there is nothing left but scorch marks on the walls and the floor.
He pauses, trying to find words for all the swirling confusion of affection and yearning filling his chest.
“Everything!” Dean almost yells. The nervous energy of the conversation forces him to stand, pacing around Sam. And he talks, rushed, afraid that if he doesn’t let it all out now, he never will. “I want everything with him, you know. He… Cas. I just don’t wanna spook him. Don’t know how to go about it. What is the protocol on dating an angel even?
"Okay, come on, have some mercy. My girl asked for the cocktail. Make her a Blue Hawaii then, and whatever beer you have for me."
"Good boy," - it was just a common phrase. Just something to calm him down. But Dean could feel the shiver that went through Cas with it all through his own body. There was no hiding a sharp intake of breath either.
Arin runs up to them wearing wide smile with water dripping off her, splashing in refreshing droplets. Lance is close behind, their walk far more measured, a stylish striped swimsuit in colors repeating those of their hair, but with the addition of bright yellow at the top.
As they continue, he’s starting to worry Cas is planning to just kill him tonight with mind-blowing pleasure.
And as always, Dean comforts him, ever the protector. Ready to put someone else's happiness before his own. Castiel wants to make sure he never has to again, wants to allow him plenty of opportunities to be selfish, but right now, he just hugs him tightly.
Castiel wakes up when the first light of the day starts to dawn. The morning chill of the lake clings to his limbs like a restricting weight, but he shakes it off with a brief flash of grace, looking around frantically.
The cat only meows, a high pitched sound of annoyance and points with a clumsy paw somewhere to his left. Upon further inspection, there turns out to be a narrow path, leading into the woods again, away from the fiery wall.
That was the only explanation why in the months that followed Dean simply couldn't get Cas out of his head.
This time Cas' face beamed with a soft, genuine smile, as he bent down to place the first kiss of the night on Dean's lips.
Honestly, Dean was happy that some parts of him really didn't wake up in that situation. Including his stomach. Getting nauseous right now would be disastrous.
And while he starts confident and indulgent, Cas finishes pleading and gasping, because Dean is already sliding his fingers through the feathers, gentle and curious.
There is a wave of "hell yeah!" and chuckles from all around while Dean gets one final peck on Cas' lips. Just for luck. The angel smiles, soft and stays right there by the stage, watching him.
"I'm a healer. You were poisoned. I apologise for the... ahem, position, but I heal with my hands. So we’re stuck for a moment."
Dean grinned, checking if the coast was clear once again. Getting caught slacking off was one thing, but getting caught sexting would surely get him in trouble with Ellen. Never mind that she was like a second mother to him. Or probably precisely because of that.
"The students in my school didn't like me liking boys. So, I started learning self-defense. It turned out I like boys
Cas heaves a sigh, theatrically put upon, as Dean settles, no doubt pondering over the chickens. But Castiel continues, meeting Sam's eyes for the long-suffering look of understanding. Dean, unseen by them both, mouths, somewhat impressed “T-Rex, huh? Go, chickens.”
"You told me to not talk to you, dude..." - Dean started, but under Cas' stare gave up. Shoulders slumped, the blush bright, running low over his cheeks.
Faking a smile was pretty easy with just how... beautiful the stranger was. He plopped on the other side of Cas, one arm still around his shoulders, comfortable, as though they really did it all the time.
The human, sleeping in his arms, and happiness, and peace, and fragile tentative dreams of perhaps getting to keep it all, if only just a little bit longer.
Just as the brothers shared a hug and exchanged scent-marks, that, as he knew, showed them to be close, as well as related, he healed up the last of the scratches. It was surprisingly hard to take his hands away from the warm skin...
The bank approves his claim, and with the building being in such a sorry state, he even gets a pretty nice price.
Some treated him well, others would barely spare a word, some literally spat on him as soon as he finished patching them up.
The clerk chuckles, nodding obligingly, her gaze raking over their hands briefly.  It makes Dean automatically defensive. No matter how supportive their family seems to be, no matter how inclusive this place is made out to be, it is hard to battle every trained instinct, yelling at Dean to hide, to not show, to not feel. Sensing his unease and quickly growing tense, Cas takes the lead in the conversation. Chatting amicably with the woman, even making her laugh at some language joke that goes totally over Dean’s head.
"The weather is nice!" - parrots Arin, still giggling. "And he was totally moping without you, by the way! You should have seen him, all worried and antsy, and he practically ran when you called. That's some codependency if I've ever seen it."
So they lay down on the sun drenched pier after, double layers of towels behind Castiel's back and Dean atop, using him as a pillow. He hardly minds, the weight of the sleepy human is comforting, the afterglow of their joining still lingers, filling him with warmth and joy at being so connected. And also happy for Dean, for him being able to finally let go of a little more of his insecurities and simply enjoy something together.
He always thought that he’d gotten used to just how wickedly kinky Cas could be, and then he would do something like that.
"I'm glad you like the shape... It was... confusing, figuring out what would be sufficient to express my gratitude".
Fortunately, the man--probably--turns to him, parts of his visage clashing with each other in a war of the supernatural and the totally modern, the mundane. His face, stature and what is visible of his skin looks totally magical, topped with a creepy looking dark metal crown, jagged and spiked, resting on his bald head. He is also dressed in a sharply pressed charcoal three piece suit as well as polished black wingtips.
Yet, there are people around--watching them like some kind of fascinating reality show, no less--so instead of doing what they all expect, what Dean is probably expecting... He instead extends his right wing. It's unseen and unheard, barely even in this dimension right now, but Dean feels it as the angel drags the feathers up his foot, from the ankle and up, rubbing right along his inner thigh.
Dean is drifting in a relaxed, hazy sleepiness for what feels like hours, slipping in and out of consciousness. He’s warm, sated and he is nestled into something soft, so waking up doesn't really seem like much a priority.
"Are you sure you're good with leaving that... Timofey behind? Running the place? Won't he just start up something again?"
As he signs, as his mouth forms the words, Dean feels them. Feels Cas in the depths of his being, his very soul, his heart. Cas is right there and that touch is so tender, so loving, Dean feels a couple of tears slide down his face. He's humbled and awed, and so,
Dean opts to focus on the papers in hand, noting one with an ad for an upcoming event in two weeks; on the last day of their intended stay, the local version of a talent show. The theme is apparently "The Words of Love" and even though Dean feels nauseous just reading it, it also somehow tugs at him somewhere deep. Because Cas deserves somebody who can shower him with praise and all the sappy, romantic, chick flick bullshit he can possibly handle, and Dean is... Dean is not that person.
He was perfectly happy to have an eidetic memory at this moment, as it meant he would get to keep the radiant smile Dean gave him, soft and familiar.
That finally gets the angel moving, but they still end up tangling limbs and lips along the way, but as Dean is slightly calmer and clear-headed, he has the presence of mind to hurry.
Dean was happy Cas had come just a little while ago, because now he could tease him as much as he wanted.
Fuck. He loved making Cas blush. And this close, pressed into each other, Dean could actually feel the heat radiating off those flaming cheeks. Adorable.
"Fuck, you're delicious..." - a fervent whisper and following it an eager tongue collecting every drop leaking from immediately healed bite.
The smile on Cas' face turns into predatory grin and Dean knows right then he’s in for a private celebration later on.
His legs spread and knees bent, as far as they would go, out of the way of Cas nestled between them. Available, open to receive the marks adorning his skin and the faint red lines of the tentacles as if from ropes.
Just as another bite bloomed on Cas' neck, the firm strokes, the heat, and magic rising, flooding his whole being with the rapture of an orgasm.
Smashed his face into the snow, muffling the shouts, the hand still in the hold, and his own knee between Alistair's shoulder blades, totally immobilizing him.
"Got it," - Benny was already tying up his own apron surveying the work field. Dean liked the guy in no small part because he was a real pro in the kitchen, picking up what Dean was putting down quickly and easily. - "I'll deal with this, go to your alpha already." Benny chuckled, shooing him away from the stove.
Bright against the fair skin, pink splotches of blush blooming on Cas' cheekbones. And then he bit his lower lip.
But there he was, panting, struggling under the angelic hold, cheeks flushed and lips stained crimson with blood, fangs glistening between them.
, but I just can't remember quite yet. We'll work on it. Keep your eyes open and don't get killed, okay?"
Benny also totally made fun of him for getting a "pillow" too, along with the blanket. Meaning Cas, of course.
Waking him up, with cascading waves of pure desire crashing over him with every mouthful of blood Dean took.
"Oh," - that's all he said, though. Dean couldn't stifle the hurt whine in his throat, taking an unconscious step towards Cas.
<<"But that doesn't matter right now. I have served Baba Yaga for as long as I can remember and it's getting really old. You look strong enough to get rid of her for good so I'll help you if you agree to let me go afterwards.">>
Ignoring him turned out to be useless, he just asked Cas his questions over and over until he answered.
Even as they walk, hand in hand, he can feel Cas' wing around his shoulder, keeping him close and shivering. Blue eyes shimmer with happiness, just as mint and absinthe permeate the air. It's getting increasingly hard to concentrate on anything but the desire to just drag the angel to the nearest dark corner for more kisses.
With just one arm left for balance, another sneaking into his soaked panties, gripping his own cock tight and keening loudly with it.
Dean was still feeling queasy, but overall - much better. He hadn't thrown up either, even though it had been a close thing a couple of times.
Cool, slender hand touched his forehead. Damn, that was way too nice for the situation they were in. Benny would make fun of him for months over this.
He's squirming, and Castiel shushes him, adjusting the hold for the better angle, so that the first experimental thrust goes right where he wants it.
"Здравствуй, Тимофей. Не хочу показаться невежливым, но может быть пропустим все эти игры, и ты просто скажешь где Дин, по-хорошему?"
"It looks like you're fondling my balls, dude. And my ass," - the man's lips quirked, just a little. Cas dragged his eyes away from that face and glanced down, where his hands were indeed doing exactly that.
Castiel holds onto the knowledge--not very comforting--that in all the previous cases the pairs appeared to have been killed together, so Dean must be okay for now... He must be. Castiel would know if he wasn't, wouldn’t he?
Before leaning down, lips coming up against the pulse point, the blood rushing in those veins hypnotising him with its sweet cadence.
And quickly, as Cas, not giving Alistair even a moment to catch up, grabbed his arm into a hold, twisting it.
With the shimmering and warm being by his side, keeping him afloat and promising him the world and beyond.
"Jo... no. Not even if you smile. No... Oh, fine, here you are. Yes, yes, you're pretty, go already!"
"For not asking you," - he finally lifted his head, green eyes returned to their human-like appearance, clear and calmer than Cas had ever seen them. - "That was dumb. Also... damn, we wasted so much time while we could have done...
More kisses. Gentle. Cas relaxed with each a little bit more. Dean didn't seem to be freaked out... They could do this.
Even he was a little bit miffed by the isolated feeling inside the bus, the snow falling and falling, covering the machine with the soundproofing blanket.
face of his is dead serious, leaving Dean with no doubts at all. It’s a strange and unknown feeling, but he rather likes it and the weightlessness it leaves him with.
Dean's ass, deeper and deeper. Curling into a spiral along the way, spreading him open, its touch so
He got a lot of practice, with close interactions, an opportunity to observe and document all sorts of new facts and possible theories...
Dean shrunk back on instinct as the angel in his lap started practically vibrating with power, angry waves of his grace radiating around, barely restrained.
Jack, Jack, always on the quest for new human knowledge and a better understanding. Unexpectedly, the one who answers is Cas.
"And here you are, like this. Waiting for me, so fucking pretty... So sexy, and all for me. Perfect. Would keep you in bed 24/7 if I could. Just fucking into that tight ass. Would let you ride me all you want..."
The comment drags Dean out of his sleepy haze, defensive statement already on his lips along with an insult, but the man who said it looks genuinely apologetic and a little scared, when he meets his stare and Cas' fingers dig into Dean’s leg, a silent request for restraint.
Silent until he talked, that is, with a youthful voice coming from the animal without actually moving his mouth, confirming a long time suspicion of Castiel’s that he is most likely a Familiar.
He somehow managed to deliver the cheesiest one-liners with that grin that made women melt and... Cas had eidetic memory.
Timofey snorts, the annoyed frown on his face morphing into something almost hateful. He is not a fan of the Koshey, that much is obvious even without the followed insults.
"Meg, if you be so kind as to escort the... gentleman, here, to the waiting room," - Cas glanced at the tense werewolf still hanging near the bed. He was ready to argue, he could tell, but thankfully Meg wasn't just a pretty face. Her mind control was invaluable for calming down more rowdy or, in this case, overprotective people.
It was working on him, except Cas still stood, deadpan and calm, and after he glanced back at the Alistair again... He caught Dean's eye. And whispered soundlessly something.
He stopped though, as Dean already dragged his jeans and underwear down his hips. With his back to Cas. While bending over the exam table.
at his side, smiling non-stop and leaning into Dean with comforting ease. It feels so natural, their chairs close so they sit pressed into each other from shoulder to knee and Cas' hand never leaves his. He's been holding it since the songs, in almost too-tight of a grasp but Dean doesn't care. He loves it. Loves his angel's hand gripping him tight, as a promise to never let go anymore, to be right there where he needs him.
Cas took the opportunity to rearrange them, lifting and turning his mate with ease despite the cramped space.
, Cas. Who you are, your personality, not this body. I mean, sure, dude was good to look at, but you..."
"I'll show you. Please, trust me. There's nothing you can do wrong, as long as we're both enjoying it," - Dean drew him in another kiss. Gentle. So gentle, it almost made Cas cry. - "I love you."
"Miguel," - the other man says, extending his hand in the general direction of Dean and Castiel. His handshake is brief and firm, clearly asserting "who the dude is in the relationship", as Dean would say. The second the “official” part of the greeting is over however, he turns to Arin speaking with her in rapid Portuguese, gesticulating so wildly and laughing so hard that his carefully arranged black curls keep falling into his tawny face.
"Great job, Cas," - as soon the nickname slipped out from Dean's mouth, he was rewarded with the most delightful sight.
"Is that what you want, Dean? For me to fuck you? To stuff you so full you won't be able to walk for days, so you feel it every time you move?" Cas spoke right into his ear, confident and with the same low growl that has Dean desperate in seconds, already wishing he could come again.
"Whatever you did to piss her off... I don't suggest trying it again. It was pure luck your brother managed to get you here in time for me to save you as it is."
For once, Sam isn't riding shotgun but is in the backseat with Jack. He has folded his long legs precariously over most of the seat, so Jack is jammed in the corner, paying it no mind, however. Technically, with two full winged angels, or half angels, whatever, they don't have to drive at all... But Dean missed his Baby something fierce, so now they are running her from Michigan back to the Bunker.
But here they are, in a dirty alley in the backwoods of nowhere and Cas is stepping out of the phone booth, as Sam’s still getting out of the car. But Dean doesn’t care for his brother right now, his whole being attuned to Cas.
It is still unknown how exactly this monster looks for couples, what the connection is, so they go their separate ways for a few hours.
"Calm down. Lay him over here," - Cas interrupted the tirade of the man, gesturing to the nearest bunk.
They didn't even undress. No time, no need; urgency and desire fueling them both, especially when Cas ground his hips back, right into rapidly hardening Dean's dick, still trapped in his own jeans.
"What for?" - they were laying in the ravaged bed, catching their breath, blanket forsaken completely for the cover of black wings.
Distractedly, Dean sent a silent thank you for whoever it was that figured out slick resistant boxers that saved him cleaning some impressive stains from Baby.
A few fevered words, so jumbled that Castiel has trouble telling them apart, and when he does, he can't hide a smile. There is a matching one on his human's face, lazy and happy, lips swollen from where he bit them. From where Castiel bit them, from when he kissed them again, drowning in it, in Dean's taste, his scent, the rushing of the blood in his ears.
They crossed state lines, and the creep was right there on the bus. Riding to where, hopefully, the entire squad waited ready to take him in.
"Mills, you're sure that dress of yours is up to code? It sure is triggering a fire alarm over here!"
With so much going on, only then did Dean notice just how aroused Cas already was, his hard cock barely fitting into the panties.
, on his own now. To whisper back at him, careful to keep his voice as low as he could to still be heard above the ambient noise of the road.
Dean's eyes however were drawn to a totally different part of sudden apparition’s anatomy. His (it was a male shaped apparition at least) dick was... just... huge.
“Doctor, you might want to erect some wards around the room…” - grunted Sam, his cheeks flaming and his voice barely heard over the moaning coming from behind the door he just closed.
There’s less time spent travelling, and when he finally leaves his job, he can spend it all on putting finishing touches on the realisation of his dream.
"Ah. That. Felix and Roland, the last couple to... you know..." Lance gestures vaguely, frowning in the direction of the bar where Arin is trying to get a bartender's attention. It isn’t going that well, it seems, and Lance stands up too, already moving to help, but adding as they go, "...they were just as... erm... “not” sappy.”
It was probably from that new rowdy company that had occupied one of the booths while he was distracted.
The lioness looks actually startled at this, almost nervous, as if his refusal is somehow wrong and some unknown fear comes through her animal features. Never mind that she isn't even supposed to be talking but here they are anyway. After some deliberation, she and the cub both go from the path to the edge of the trees, making a way for Castiel and she turns around before disappearing completely.
With which the guy was puking just a minute ago. Funny how Cas actually needed to remind himself of that.
He was stopped by the return of the death grip on his arm and the terrified stare of blue eyes that looked black against the light of the phone.
On the contrary, the vision of this, the wet sounds are just like the final nails in the metaphorical coffin of one Dean Winchester, who came too close to the fire and now is burning in it alive.
So, that's how Dean became no longer a proud and lonely wolf, the stand-up bachelor incarnate, but a...
It was good since Dean was pretty tired after a day in the kitchen, but on the other hand... He was bored.
His scream shook the windows. Cas winced, before laughing, a giddy, breathless, shining smile over the bitten lip making Dean... Simply making him. Whole.
When he doesn't respond quickly enough after the last orgasm, Cas simply magicks his tiredness away.
Dean chases his lips as Castiel withdraws, frowning, trying and failing to haul him closer for another kiss.
They are fine and together and as Dean drives, eventually flooding the Impala with familiar classic tunes from the old cassette player, he finds himself in some strange state that's been popping up more and more lately.
Dean whined, the pain of his mate echoing in his chest, the guilt and despair making his almost nauseas... He opened his arms, the instinctual need to provide comfort, and he didn't evade the right hook to his face.
"No. She was originally another captive who showed some promise and magical talent, so Baba Yaga left her alive to have somebody to help around the house. Eventually she started teaching her magic too and Vasilisa herself picked up a lot from simply watching."
She is a bit sceptical, but when Dean shows her his projections and business plan... Well, she is smart enough to see a good opportunity when she is given one.
Dean whines at the enveloping touch of the wings, searing hot and wet, absinthe and mint and lightning taking up all of his senses for a second, and then they are pretty much showered in pieces of glass and some other trinkets, totally destroyed by the outburst of grace.
They wink though before walking away and when Dean exclaims in fake indignation, Castiel tries to figure out what that just reminded him off. There is
As it turns out, they’ve both lived together for three years, running a youth center for LBTQA+ teens and young adults, providing shelter, counseling and dance lessons for everybody who needs them. The time seems to fly in their company, both of them quick-witted and Lance especially swift to make a joke, often a rather dirty one. They make a pact with Dean for a little contest on the dirtiest joke that they can come up with, before Arin starts to fidget nervously, looking at the sky.
"First off... I'm sorry, Cas. It's not an excuse, I realise it, but... My instincts have gone into overdrive and I haven't stopped even for a second to think how it might look from your side."
The human draws a sigh of relief, while Jack and Sam are muttering excitedly something about the inner workings of such charms between themselves.
It wasn't all that often that Cas got into a dominating mood, but when he did... those nights Dean treasured, elated to see each and every side of his beautiful boyfriend blossoming, free to express himself.
"I don't think so. In legends it is a weapon of warriors, heroes, often believed to make them invincible and unbeatable."
Cas breathes out, shuddering, when he squeezes, massaging with careful circle movements along each wing, going outward. And as he goes further, they open further, startling Dean once again.
"And no, Jack, she did not go evil. She met Timofey, a prisoner, just like her. They bonded, became friends and eventually even fell in love. And they devised a plan to get out and be free together."
He remembers, instead, their last attempt at "joining" as Cas would call it, and what in Dean’s world was a very simple and very hot "quickie".
Moving in general feels almost painful, a numbing weakness spreading through his muscles with every breath. It is most certainly something magical and very, very nasty.
"It is only you I want, Dean... To take you apart... To see you come undone under me, around me. Just. Like. That," - each word whispered to him echoed with a strange pulse in Cas' dick, which somehow was getting... bigger?
Cas is right, of course, but right this second all Dean cares about is chasing down Cas' smell with his lips and his tongue. He wants to distil it and make it his new cologne, take it with him everywhere, smell it in his dreams, slather himself with it in the waking hours. Instead he kisses and licks, and presses into the embrace, taking every last moment he can squeeze out.
Because it does look a lot like Heaven. Or what people probably imagine when they think about it. What it should be, perhaps.
Cas stills under his hands, before trying to coax him into lifting his head and looking at him, and probably have a proper talk or something. But Dean just steps away instead, breaking the contact between them. He shuts his eyes for one long deep breath, before offering Cas a hand-- instantly taken--and a weak, pleading smile he knows won't work that easy.
His statue moved as the house grew, and now without the need to draw on the people passing by, Cas puts it in Dean's bedroom. All the easier to come to him at night.
Dean measured him with a look. Cas stared right back. After half a minute of that staring game--Dean had the greenest eyes ever, Cas could swear--the agent relented, heaving a sigh.
He squeezes right at the bend, and under his palms that oil flows freely, its aroma so strong it makes Dean lightheaded and that sets Cas off, wings quivering, his body writhing, while Dean just hangs on. It's the pleading whine of his name that sounds as if it was torn from Cas, that gets him moving.
This was as much as he could do. As much as he allowed himself, in this intimate darkness, so close.
It's hard to concentrate though, when Dean is all around him, tight and moaning. He meets the angel's movement every time, all shame or decency long forgotten in favor of simply taking what he wants. It's beautiful and addictive, and Castiel snaps his hips faster, deeper, to get more of the delicious sounds Dean makes each time.
Cas usually made sure to clear his schedule for the day Dean would be returning to greet him... But not this time, apparently. The loft was dark and quiet when Dean walked in, dropping the bags in the hall.
Where they had both lain on their sides, spooning, Cas was now splayed over Dean, his face hidden in the crook of his neck. Also, those seemingly eternally cold hands were tucked under Dean's t-shirt at his waist.
So they sit together, or rather with Castiel reclining on towels thrown over the wooden seat and Dean nestled between his legs. He keeps leaning against Castiel’s bended knee behind him as he gestures with a beer bottle, his words annoyed but his touch clinging, a free hand always finding its way on Castiel's thigh. He does it so naturally, seemingly not even thinking about it, now immersed in proving how badass and not at all sappy he is.
He didn’t stop after that first little thrust that aligned them, he just kept going and going in one smooth motion, his truly godly, thick, pulsing cock so big Dean was actually afraid it’d be too much.
Dean isn't sure it’s all fully his, with Cas often translating his own feelings straight into Dean's head through their bond.
By all means, even if the scratches were deep (and boy, they were), they should have started mending already, with Dean's regeneration abilities.
And then he’s on his feet, ready for a fight, because the figure is most certainly not Cas. And though awake, he’s not quite up yet.. Adrenaline is coursing through him, his fight or flight instinct strongly in the fight section but his body clearly hasn’t received the notice, still sluggish and unresponsive.
It really helps to settle the suspicious questions as to how exactly all the repairs and renovations are done... Because there are no construction workers now, only Castiel, modifying the house he belongs to which houses the studio now, as he sees fit.
It was doubly nice that his knees hit not the hard floor but a fluffy pillow, cushioning him perfectly and Castiel smiled at him encouragingly  from above, with a gaze full of wonder and a halo of dark tousled locks making him look very much like the God he was...
