“I’m not that kind of alpha.” Sherlock protested.
Sherlock's continuous frown deepened when the two alphas moved out of the room and left him alone with the clucking hags. Sherlock wanted to scream. He wanted to get the hell out.
Only now that the bullies were gone, John started to hesitate. Maybe this was a sign that things could work out. Things would get better if John just remained strong. Maybe there really was an angel out there keeping watch over him, protecting him, and if he just stuck through it, he’d only grow stronger and more confident in himself. So, John decided to hold off on those thoughts, to work harder to strengthen himself and get through whatever hellish pain came his way.
John crawled on all fours to Sherlock, submitting,
John smiled through his blush and when Sherlock raised a dark brow in question John couldn’t stop himself from saying.
“I love you.” John would whimper pitifully when Sherlock towered over him, embracing him in a secure hold and knotting him.
"God are you beautiful." John stated breathlessly, stroking a rough hand over the smoothness of Sherlock's stomach.
“Yes?” John answered softly, tiredly, Sherlock was speaking nastily at him and it hurt. John was Sherlock’s husband. They’d gone through so much together, and now… Sherlock was talking to him with such abhorrence; it was breaking John’s heart to be treated so maliciously.
The, ‘Staying Alive’, ring tone trilled and echoed in the room.
Sherlock wasn't sure how they both survived, or who had called Moriarty, but he didn't much care as long as they were freed of his presence. The very moment Moriarty was gone, along with his snipers, Sherlock had collapsed to the ground. Ashamed as the tears swelled his eyes and he curled in on himself, clutching to his head, his gun held awkwardly in one hand.
“He’s cheated on me. He said he’d be faithful, but he lied. He loves a beta. He's been unfaithful with his heart. It’s only a matter of time before his body betrays me.”
“Here are a few pamphlets I have. They explain exactly what options are left for you. As I mentioned before there are treatments I can implement to help boost your low fertility, but that doesn’t necessarily mean it will work… However, this can all be discussed in the future when you are ready.”
.” Sherlock growled, his eyes hardening. This was all so much to be talking about when his ankle was sending pulses of pain through him, but apparently he couldn’t catch a break.
Hesitantly, John placed pressure on his thumb and felt it dip within. Only centimeters within, and yet he could feel the molten heat. Sherlock squirmed under him, a pitiful whimper answer enough that the omega wanted more.
understood and could accept me… but this… You could have told me you don’t want me… You didn’t have to start suppressants. I’d never force myself on you. Never.”
“I’m sorry for Sherlock’s behavior. He… You must understand his reservations to bonding.” Mycroft reassured John, but his features remained troubled.
we went through. It's... It's all gone."
John could see it coming, Mary hadn't given up just yet, even though John had made it clear to her. John knew her alpha had already set its sights on him.
with his pups… Sherlock’s alpha practically rolled over on its back, exposed its underside and bayed for it.
“No contraceptives, I promise, stopped two months ago. We’re finally safe, we can have everything.” Sherlock guaranteed. The only reason he’d taken contraceptives to begin with was because of all the dangerous criminals trying to hurt them, but things were different now, they were finally protected.
Sherlock shivered violently through his orgasm and whined a pitchy cry as he came so thickly. He was wet everywhere and the shame and embarrassment steadily grew with the realization he’d just gotten off with thoughts of his husband. He was a pathetic omega who couldn’t deny himself instinct and it was maddening and frightening, because how the hell was he supposed to face John after this?
Mycroft paused.
"Okay." Sherlock grumbled unhappily. He'd still have to hear his mother talk about what he needed to do for their pups. Sherlock was more than capable of raising his pups without her input.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Sherlock?"
“You're rather good.” Sherlock complemented.
"Mm, good." Sherlock answered, his mind fogging with the wonderful sensations. John's rough hands pressing hard over his muscles sent a thrill through him and he was helpless to ignore the effects without the assistance of his suppressants.
John flushed and glanced away.
Sherlock rolled his pelvis up, lifting himself up slightly, enough so that John's trembling hands worked quickly at getting a hold of himself and guiding the head of his cock to the sopping wet hole of Sherlock's flushed entrance.
“Next time, you’re going to finger me.” John boldly said, Sherlock’s hand stuttering mid-stroke.
“I like you too.” Sherlock confessed.
Sherlock's eyes widened with horror as that blasted measuring tape neared the girth of his belly. Snatching up the tape with frantic hands, Sherlock hatefully bunched it up within his hands before hurling it as far away from himself at physically possible.
John bit the bottom of his salty tear stained lip and mewled weakly.
“Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case.” Sherlock deliberated seriously.
Burying his face into the pillow, Sherlock released a helpless groan. His cock had flagged slightly, but still pulsed with a need unmet. It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had felt aroused, but then again, those other times John always remained awake long enough so that they both received their releases. He could go to the restroom and handle himself, but Sherlock didn’t want that, not after feeling what it was like to have John, even if those memories were blurry. What he could remember was incredible.
Letting out a lewd groan Sherlock came. A rush of heated come flooded through deep within John and as the fullness of come loaded him up, the base of Sherlock’s cock swelled. Sherlock’s knot stretched passed the brim of John’s rim, growing. John hummed contentedly, cleaning Sherlock of the last bits of his release and afterwards John laid comfortably over Sherlock’s chest and held him close.
“I meant what I said. I’ve always been rather fond of you.”
John's cheeks flushed and he looked up at Sherlock, stunned at the confession.
“He doesn’t know you like you know him.”
“I love you, John.” Sherlock rumbled, voice hoarse with feeling.
"You love him still." Mary said what John knew to be truth one evening as the omega lay himself on the sofa and Mary sat across from him on a chair.
“I’m sorry too.” John planted his other hand on the alpha’s cheek and leaned forward to press his forehead against Sherlock’s own.
.” Sherlock whimpered.
It was understandable that after such a long wait an alpha would become overcome by instincts and would seek to mount their omega soon after meeting. Why then did his alpha... John didn’t believe the alpha’s reasoning. He was an alpha. Why would he care about John’s feelings? He was trying to trick him, make him believe he was different, kind. There was no such thing as a kind alpha. Even his father, granted he was a good father and husband, he was aggressive and overbearing. Only kind to his family who he loved, but to strangers and people he disliked, he was quite the opposite.
“What do you normally say? You've texted him a lot!”
“No, stay exactly where you are. Don’t move.”
“No omega will want you now—you’ve brought shame to the Holmes name!” Mrs. Holmes blubbered, but Sherlock didn’t care. He didn’t care that he’d be ridiculed, that he’d lowered his status and was now considered far lower than any omega; none of it mattered to him.
“Please.” The omega panted, pushing the alpha back enough to roll over onto his belly, raised his rear and reveal his gleaming ass.
“What is your name?” John finally found the courage to ask, though knowing the man might not give it or lie.
"I'm sorry love. I must compensate you, but how to do it?"
John knew things were quickly escalating. He’d only meant to kiss Sherlock, maybe enact a good snog-fest, but if John didn’t gain some semblance of control, they’d be shagging on the kitchen table in mere minutes. This was going too far and John, surprisingly, didn’t care to stop. A startled cry of delight broke through their kiss and had John moaning adamantly when Sherlock’s other hand slid down and cupped his ass cheek, groping obscenely at the fleshy globe. Four of Sherlock's fingers digging deep into the seam of John's trousers and yanked him up and against Sherlock’s body, John’s throbbing cock connected with Sherlock’s lean, solid thigh.
"I know who you meet when you lie to me. Victor Trevor. Three months, John."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John smiled wordlessly at Sherlock as he neared the bed and Sherlock stubbornly shut his eyes, even as his body moved to face John. The alpha slipped into the bed and Sherlock blindly reached out for the man, feeling him tense momentarily from the surprise of being touched, before the alpha relaxed and Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist.
Sherlock glanced away and licked his lips nervously, struggling to put his thoughts into words.
John’s painfully hard cock gave an aching jolt, the spout of his head dribbling droplets of pure sex, sticking to the cotton of his briefs and pressing insistently against constricting jeans.
“Getting you into crap telly. You give Mycroft the memory stick yet?”
"I'm your bitch."
John squirmed where he stood, afforded some well needed friction the press of his jeans gave.
" Sherlock praised, shoving his hips down to meet his John's thrusts.
"Don't." Sherlock whined.
Wetness slid down his neck and Sherlock’s brows furrowed in confusion. When he raised a hand to touch his neck, his fingers glided up the trail and over his cheek. Only when his vision fogged did Sherlock realize what the wetness was... tears. He was crying.
“We’ll finish this conversation later… Lestrade called to say there’s been another murder.”
“Yeah?” Lestrade turned to face John.
John couldn’t say much, just ducked his head with embarrassment, and dug through the bags instead. Giving himself something to do and a way out of speaking because he wasn’t sure how his voice would sound if he tried to speak then.
John’s eyes left his plate to stare at Sherlock’s hands resting on the table, up to his chest, before lowering back to his plate.
“You’re not… Should we leave?”
“I was thinking we could go shopping and get a few things for the nursery.”
Sherlock left the mess of papers scattered across his bed and hurriedly made his way out of the room. It was late, the lights in the hall were dimmed and he knew everyone would be sleeping, but this couldn’t wait.
me?” John smirked and squeezed Sherlock affectionately.
“Your parents have informed me that they have never given you the proper education on how an alpha and omega claiming works.”
“I’ll walk with you.” She reassured, taking hold of his trembling hand in her own and facing the wedding party with a stern look about her, daring anyone to say anything about her child who’d lost himself to fear for one moment in time. She was a true beta, who held so much power; an alpha wouldn’t be so quick to second guess her.
“Oh. Did you get a better offer?” Sherlock curiously asked, wondering what could possibly be so important that Moriarty would essentially let them go.
Exhaling a shaky breath Sherlock mutely slipped out of the bed and shut the bathroom door behind him. John knew what Sherlock was doing in the bathroom and a part of him felt guilty, but another part of him was relieved. Relieved that Sherlock was handling it himself and not seeking his assistance, because… The bulge John felt under those striped trousers was daunting to think about. It had been so…
Sherlock turned his head away and released John immediately, but John didn’t move from where he stood.
The constant burning in his chest, the warmth that streamed through him—all of it was because of John. Sherlock could never want anyone else, and this was why it’d pained him greatly when John had more or less implied Sherlock was allowed to seek out another.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face… because I'd be surprised, Sherlock.
“When I met him again, I learned only then how much he hated me. I realized he’d never love me. Tolerate me he did. Indulging my affections over time, but never would he love me. So I decided telling him about how I truly felt was meaningless. It would only create an even stronger tension between us and he’d feel overwhelmed. My only hope was for him to fall for me… but he didn’t. Then I contented myself in knowing that he at least liked me, and ‘like’ is more than enough for me. I’m okay with just having him liking me for the rest of our lives, because I would take anything he would be willing to offer.”
"I'm a slut."
"Have you told him?"
No matter how many times Sherlock heard John’s admission, the tumbling and butterflies fluttering in his stomach never ceased. Brightness streaked Sherlock’s sight, a raw gasp falling from his wet lips as John kept piercing that special place within that made everything spin and tingling vibrations race down south. A rumble of pleasure rolled from out of John’s chest, his teeth digging down and breaking flesh, reclaiming what was always his.
“It is an important lesson that must be taught to all omegas, but you enlisted so young and when you came back, your parents were so distracted with tending to your injury and preparing for the wedding that they have left me in charge of prepping you.”
Sherlock uncapped the bottle as John shuffled further up the bed and gripped the sheets of the bed while spreading his legs, allowing Sherlock to kneel between them. Legs open, parted generously, revealing himself completely, John worried his bottom lip nervously.
His breathing, he needed to focus on calming his breathing, but that yeasty sweetness was growing. It filled the flat with its warmth. John's mouth felt wet. Too much saliva. He tried to swallow it down, but he was salivating in the scent that was spreading over him, filling his nostril, soaking up in the fabric of his clothes.
“Sherlock!” John exclaimed.
"Yes." Sherlock turned to face her, stealing away his smile, "Yes you can."
John frowned knowing the next word and Victor bit his bottom lip, holding it back. But then the omega hissed with hilarity.
“Always, Sally.” Sherlock answered, raising the partition of tape over his head and moving beyond her. “Even know you didn’t make it home last night.”
.” Sherlock sat upright and shook the folder in his hand for emphasis.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice was sleep-laced goodness. That voice alone made his cock spew sizzling pre-come, dampening his briefs like a bitch in heat.
"I'm sorry! I know that's not what you want to hear, but I am. I'm so, so very sorry. I never wanted this. I tried to be a good son to my mother and in so doing I failed you horrendously. I don't deserve your forgiveness, I know this, but I want it. I want to be a deserving alpha for you."
Sherlock said nothing, just stared at him for several long moments, the edge of his mouth twitched as if to frown, yet in the end he nodded.
When there was a knock at his door, John rose from his chair to open it. Sherlock was a lazy sod since he'd become pregnant. Not that he hadn't been before, just now he was more so. Refusing to be bothered to unlock the front door, and making John open it for him. John let it go, deciding to indulge Sherlock's laziness because he
John stared at Sherlock knowingly.
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and nodded his affirmation.
His mind screamed out. Something had happened and-
After several moments had passed, Sherlock determined this was the perfect place to end their video and harshly shoved the alpha away from himself. John landed on his side, his head jerking up to stare at the omega with a sense of morbid resignation. Sherlock didn't  care for that look, nor the strengthening scent of misery that emitted from the alpha. He'd gotten what he wanted. True, in order to publicly shame the alpha he'd had to give of himself some, but in the end, he felt it was a worthy exchange. When this video went public, Sherlock was sure it would go viral. Not because of some personal gratification one could achieve from the viewing of such a video, no. This video was more for the personal pleasure of Sherlock -  and possibly, the few miscreants in the world. This video, Sherlock knew, would more than certainly be the topic of discussion for most. The butt of every sick and demeaning joke. The shaming from every proper citizen.
John stepped forward, wanting to comfort the emotional omega, his alpha pheromones permeating the room, attempting to set Victor at ease. But John wasn't ready for Victor's eyes to meet his with absolute rage.
John halted in his steps, the door gently shutting behind him, as the alpha took notice of Sherlock seated in his gray leather chair. The omega's legs were crossed, his shoulders pressed back low in his seat, one hand palmed his lower thigh. The index and middle finger of his left hand delicately pinched the lit fag in his hand.
“So that means…” Sherlock led, one edge of his mouth twitching into a faint smile.
John beamed and didn’t comment when Sherlock’s features colored over in a pale pink before he retrieved the map to check.
"I knew you did." John hissed humorously and pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple and cheek, pulling back enough to look into his eyes and hear more.
Jesus,
“Jesus!” Sherlock whimpered, his lower region pulsing with life… Never… Not once… He thought it was broken… That something was wrong, until now. But he could feel it, his first ever erection.
“Okay.” John mumbled, pressing his lips against the exposed scent gland before him and inhaled deeply of his bond mate.
John moaned aggrieved sobs, tears smearing messily across his face; a hoarse broken howl of heartache burst forth and Harry cupped the back of his head and tucked John tightly against her scent gland. Alpha pheromones seeped out and effectively relaxing his body, but the heartbreaking sobs still came.
Sherlock finally released John of his painful hold and stepped back from the alpha. Pacing the floor before John, Sherlock thought over all he'd learned. When all at once Sherlock stopped mid-stride and turned to smile wickedly at John.
Sherlock watched John grab his keys, wallet, and coat, before he swung open the door.
Mycroft stood then and raised his hand in a silent request for their mother to remain still.
“Nothing whatsoever.” Sherlock answered.
” Sherlock’s anger gave way to worry, knowing all the possible outcomes when it came to his brother, and paled as a morbid idea flicked within his mind.
"I think I said it enough last night."
John stepped closer to Sherlock, inches apart; John raised a hand and palmed the pale man’s cheek.
John sobered, knowing Mycroft was right. “So you want me to watch out for your brother because he won’t accept your help.”
Sherlock felt outraged when the alpha moved himself onto the bed on the other side of  him and wrapped the omega in his arms. Turning Sherlock slightly, John pressed his chest into the omega's back and shoved his nose up against the nape of his neck where he proceeded to scent Sherlock.
Sherlock hoped that John would change his mind that night and Mycroft would inform him come morning, that he didn’t have to go to this ridiculous wedding. Instead Mycroft called to affirm that John was preparing himself for their wedding and that he should stop his brooding and come.
Yes… Harry came and they’d left to Sherlock’s flat… There was an old woman… Sherlock’s landlady… John couldn’t remember much, but he did remember she’d been kind. A nice woman, but Sherlock wasn’t home and… and his fever was horrible. He was delirious, slipping in and out of awareness.
, Sherlock could orgasm at the very idea!
John watched as Mrs. Hudson walked off and when he was sure he was alone, he took another step closer to the… to his…
The door to the alpha's car swung open. True to Sherlock's analysis, the alpha was tall - taller than Sherlock by two to three inches.
It was late, but John’s mind couldn’t rest, it kept running, working, never stopping for a moment.
A meager imitation of a growl broke as Sherlock quivered against him, and it transitioned to an intense whine of absolution, thrusting weakly, spasms rippling through him as he came.
“But—”
John moved back to the sidelines several long minutes later, sat on a bench near the outer frame of the field and wiped the sweat covering his face and neck with a towel. Sherlock wanted to be that towel. He desperately wished to scent his omega. He needed to know John’s scent, but there was so many people, so many sweating players, all the scents clouded his senses and he couldn’t possibly discern his omega’s from the rest.
"My sensitive submissive alpha. You know how much I love you. I'm truly blessed to have a strong and doting alpha as you. Thank you for waiting for me."
“Molly.” Sherlock sighed, exasperated; he couldn’t talk about meaningless things right now, his focus needed to be set on Moriarty, yet still John kept filling his mind. Sentiment was destroying him slowly.
“No!”
"You don't care that there is a video of you -"
"No." John whispered, shoving Victor's hands away from his face and taking a step in Sherlock's direction. "No, no, no." John husked at the look of betrayal that filled the very eyes of the man he'd fallen head over heels for.
"I can't." John husked, palming his eyes with one hand, attempting to control his breathing and calm the internal wreckage of his heart. "Not right now."
“I don’t want to talk. I asked you not to consent and you… because of you, we’ve lost everything.” John’s voice broke on that realization.
“Yep. He was over the moon. Threatened me with a knighthood. Again.”
, but I’ve had the time to go over everything you said and I know it was you deflecting. You haven’t been honest with me and I need you to be. How else will I be able to help you if you’re not honest with me?”
“Nevermind that. You once said you owed me a huge favor when I saved you from marrying that cheating ex of yours. Well I’m cashing in that favor.” Sherlock answered, hating how his voice wavered with a hint of apprehension.
Lestrade’s analysis made sense and Sherlock couldn’t fathom how he’d overlooked all of these apparent signs. How could he be so distracted? Then Lestrade’s last statement was a slap to the face. Love… His feelings for John hindered his intelligence where John was concerned.
"John?"
“Okay, I think we're done now, John.” Sherlock gasped through John’s choke hold, putting great effort to rein in John’s anger he’d brought to the forefront.
John wanted to be worshiped and adored by the affections of his alpha, because he would give Sherlock kin, countless pups.
... I’ll stop.” Sherlock bit his bottom lip, his laughter breaking off into harsh breaths as he attempted to stifle back his amusement.
. Though, really what did John expect, the large sums of money the Holmes' gave his parents must have come from a wealthy family. He just never expected them to be
“John.” Sherlock uttered above a whisper.
“With this ring, I...thee wed. With...my body, I thee worship. And with all my worldly goods, I thee endow.” John dully recited.
"You think I want to hear that!"
Lestrade said nothing for several more moments and Mycroft barely held back a growl.
“John.” Sherlock said at a loss for words, instead wedging an arm under John’s upper back and the bed to bring him in a half embrace, his other hand stroking the beads of sweat from John’s forehead.
"I want you." John expressed darkly, half-lidded blue staring at him in wonder.
close and he most certainly aged better than either Firth or Rickman."
John shut his eyes, inhaled deeply before exhaling shakily, and cursed himself. He couldn’t say it and did it really matter, he could just… but if he did, then Sherlock would look at him while he… and it was so embarrassing to be watched and judged and he knew he’d be horrible at it, but he wanted to try.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
It was their third and last day now and come morning they’d be heading back to the city. Sherlock looked rather exhausted by the time they made it back to the inn that evening. John couldn’t really blame him. John foolishly had taken a right instead of a left in the forest and they’d lost their way back. Thankfully, Sherlock and his impeccable deducing abilities were able to help them find their way back, but by then they’d walked far more than intended.
“You’re an alpha.” John shot back, giving up the pretense of sleeping and shifted once more in the bed, but he couldn’t move any further off or he’d fall. Distracted with his efforts in creating further distance between them, John wasn’t sure if his ears were playing a trick on him, but it almost sounded like the alpha whimpered.
John watched the alpha move, so kindly making room for his things and felt warmth run deep through him as a soft smile spread across his face.
"Mm."
"What's that?"
“Are you still mad about this morning?”
There was the painful over sensitized post-orgasm feeling, but Sherlock still wanted more. He needed his alpha. John was so stiff with the want of him and was swelling with the copious amount of seed that would pulverize his eggs with viable sperm. There were multiple eggs within him and Sherlock didn't want to stop until John had fertilized every last one of the eggs he'd produced this heat cycle.
“I give you more than enough.” Sherlock reasoned thoughtfully, because he did give John all he needed when he wasn’t consumed with a case or experiment. Still he knew it had been sometime since the two strengthened their bonds, but he really was rather busy lately.
“You shouldn’t. Sherlock, I’m damaged goods.”
Sherlock was seated in a sofa pressed up against the wall of the room, leaning forward, eyes downcast, his elbows leaned heavily against his legs and arms hung limply.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John pitied this older omega. He could understand Mycroft’s insistency to have this omega bond quickly. An omega of that age… It would be near impossible to have them bonded with a worthy suitor. Most alphas were vain and liked taking young omegas as bond mates. The best chance this omega had was to mate with an alpha that had more than one omega bond mate. John had seen many alpha’s in the middle east demonstrate such practices, these alphas had large harems of omegas and it had disgusted him. John had seen the pain, the hurt, and betrayal they’d felt when their alpha showed interest to another omega.
There was no longer coldness between Sherlock and John. Sherlock was still oblivious to John’s love for him, and he still could be unthinking and lacked sympathy for social propriety sake and all, but that just made John love Sherlock more.
John stared tiredly at the omega. "I'm the one to blame?"
Much like himself, Lestrade fell asleep. The two seated on opposite ends of the sofa slept through the movie and most of the night. The only reason John woke up, was because of Lestrade’s mobile going off.
"Right. You just snogged her."
pups!" Sherlock was trembling, with rage or hurt, he was unsure.
Mycroft pursed his lips, leaned forward slightly to stare at the omega who struggled to aim a forkful of chicken in his mouth and snickered.
"Pay the woman, John!" Sherlock commanded and exited the restaurant. Sherlock then quickly made his way to the famers market he'd noticed half a block away, he suddenly had a craving for bananas to go with his chicken burrito.
Sherlock would have laughed if not for the desperation in John’s voice and the gleam in his dark eyes. John needed him, but Sherlock was still unsure how to respond. He’d never had sex with anyone else but John, and the memories of the time spent together was a jumbled mess. For one reason or another he’d chosen to block out parts of their copulations.
John stared fiercely at Sherlock. What kind of sick joke was this? Sherlock was a fucking asshole if he thought… Sherlock’s eyes were sincere though. He’d never blatantly lied to him, but this—this was the cruelest lie he could have thought up.
"John." Sherlock soothingly called into his ear, his arms tightening around his waist.
"The doctors -"
how faithful I can be John.” Sherlock’s words were heavy with feeling, so unlike himself, but John felt Sherlock was implying something that didn’t quite reach his full understanding.
"I learned how phenomenal of a liar my husband is." Sherlock laughed humorlessly, raising his other hand to palm his face, bowing his head to shield his eyes for a moment. In a desperate attempt to hide the pain that wanted to be let free.
Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock glared at John's act. He wasn't an idiot and John was a horrible liar.
Sherlock compressed his hold, clasping firmly, so securely, and John hunched further, nails digging deep into porcelain flesh when Sherlock tugged up then down, experimentally.
John immediately met Sherlock’s eyes with a look of helpless need, desperate that Sherlock would not take offense. Seriously though, what had John expected? Any alpha would be affronted that their spouse chose to take suppressants rather than spend their heats with them.
"Never. I swear on all that is holy, I will never leave you." John whimpered, pressing fervent kisses all about Sherlock's cheeks.
John stood before Sherlock; the consultant jotted in his journal, logging the recent developments of his newest experiment.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As John crossed the street of their flat the cords of a somber violin piece pierced at his heart. John blinked back the tears that formed in his tired eyes, shook his head, and rushed off.
One of the many nights that John went out with Lestrade they spent several hours at their favorite bar playing trivia, had a few drinks and then decided to go back to Lestrade’s for some coffee. John sat himself in one of the chairs within the living room, sipping from his cup of warm coffee while Lestrade reclined back in another chair and smiled over at him.
“What happened between you and John last night?” Mycroft found his voice once more.
John blinked back the dampness filling his eyes and stared sadly up at a furious Sherlock.
“I’m afraid so.”
“It’s fine. Go solve the case. I’ll be here when you get back.” John reassured.
.” The summons of attention came, panting against his sensitive ear and a full body shiver ran through him.
“Can’t you save both?”
John kissed Sherlock again, a promise of more, and the dazzlingly lopsided grin that was his answer made John’s heart swell.
Sherlock sobbed harder, bowing his head, unable to meet those searching eyes and finally felt his legs give out completely. John took Sherlock to the ground slowly and embraced the shivering broken lump in his arms. Cradling the back of Sherlock's head with his hand, John brought him in against his chest.
Then there was the matter of preparing their meals. Whenever John offered Sherlock a plate of whatever he’d decided to make at that time, the omega would just stare at the plate, at first with soft considering eyes. John would scent the ripening of his aroma, an indication he was pleased in some way, but then the scent would sour over, giving off agitation, and the omega’s eyes would close themselves off to emotion.
Gregory didn't want to talk anymore and pressed his lips softly against Mycroft's own. The alpha's lips were warm, soft, untouched and
“Beautiful.”
"I... need to leave London for good, but you have to promise me you will always watch over John. Take care of him as I would have."
“You’re fine with this?”
“Change up, Sherlock. I’ll make tea. Then you will tell me who exactly did this to you and how, hopefully, you left him in worse shape.” John resolved, taking several steps back and amusedly watching Sherlock’s mind work, taking in all the new information provided to him and accepting the change that was their ever evolving relationship.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to focus, trying to ignore his omega instincts that begged him to submit, to lower himself on all fours and raise his hips up in invitation. Sherlock would be damned if he allowed his omega side out—
. Keep hating me John, but know that no matter what happens... I won’t let you go.”
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and smiled lazily up at his alpha. John's bottom lip was sucked into his mouth, his fangs bare, evidence of the alpha's own desires. John looked at him much like a starved wolf looked at its prey. Sherlock wanted to be John's prey. He wanted John with an insatiable need. Sherlock didn't plan on leaving their home for the next week - he'd even threatened Lestrade if he dared to call him for a case. That was how much John meant to him. John was more important than any case and that proved just how deeply Sherlock loved him.
John had considered it briefly, but as he didn’t so much care for the man, he hadn’t really focused on it so intently.
. Sherlock would not relent. Not this time and maybe not ever. Not after he'd been duped by the adulterous alpha.
’ came and John merely hummed his acknowledgement.
“Yes.”
No…” Sherlock sighed heavily before he continued, “Just… just listen to me, John. I—”
“What? What’s brought this on?” Mrs. Watson stuttered out.
While Sherlock was struggling to free himself from his mother’s bear hug and sloppy kisses, Mycroft pulled John away to the side.
Gregory’s words meant nothing. He was not a man of his word as Mycroft had believed him to be and now, growing more so than the pain was anger. For one moment in time he’d thought… possibly… that if Sherlock could concede control to another, love between two alphas might work. If Mycroft could work through his grief and guilt, maybe there lay a future for him with Gregory.
“Wonderful.”
John followed after the alpha, quietly watching as Sherlock began unbuttoning his ruined shirt.
, knot you full. Breed you so well.” Sherlock bleated pitifully, arms wrapping around John’s back, pulling him in a tight embrace.
“Let’s go horseback riding.”
“There’s still some of that risotto left in the fridge.” John said caringly, stepping to Sherlock’s side of the chair and placing a tender kiss to his temple before heading for the door.
“He smelled bad.”
“Sherlock.” John blindly reached out and clasped tightly to Sherlock’s hip.
A mournful howl gurgled out of him, so soft, a gentle broken bay of an omega brought to their lowest point.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “What for? You’ll just remind me.”
“I know. And this is just losing.”
The day’s John worked, he woke before Sherlock. John would ready himself for his job, and then prepare breakfast for the slumbering alpha. He would leave Sherlock a plate beside his experiments/research, knowing the genius liked to eat his meals when working.
John felt pain and rage swell in heart. Pain, because The Woman was alive and with it, the possibility of his brittle marriage failing. Rage, because Sherlock was distressing from heartbreak because of this deceitful woman.
“Broad daylight?” Sherlock thought aloud with fascination, already striding to the door, a skip to his step.
“Your client.”
John paused for a moment, scanning Sherlock’s features, trying to read his reaction, but Sherlock had shut down all traces of emotion, so John continued.
Sherlock didn’t tell John to stop again, nor did he say he didn’t like it, so John wouldn’t stop. It was nice teasing Sherlock after the alpha had his fun with him the day after his drunken antics. John wanted to tease Sherlock just a bit more, enjoying the heat of Sherlock’s blush that spread down his neck.
The words of Mary Morstan filled John's mind now, as he numbly watched Mycroft's men arrest her. He'd let Mary into his life and heart. She'd been working for Charles Augustus Magnussen and before that... Moriarty.
They both knew
Sherlock thought for a moment.
“Was John Watson worth this shame?” Mycroft ranted, palming his mouth, unable to get his head around the truth. How he’d been blind of Sherlock’s actions and because of it, Sherlock had done what he could not fix.
Sherlock shifted his hips when John’s knot slowly abated and the two rolled over on their sides facing one another. John scooped Sherlock into his arms all as he slipped out of him and wound their legs together in a mess of limbs. Staring softly at his husband, John stroked ringlets of bangs away from Sherlock’s damp forehead and felt peace claim him.
Oh John, you filthy wonderful man!" Sherlock exalted, enraptured.
“Yes. No. I mean, I need to leave for a while for a case. I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock said the last as his eyes softened.
John swallowed heavily. Maybe he was wrong. Maybe this was the moment he’d been waiting for. Maybe John should just say it now.
Mycroft hadn’t expected to find much out of the ordinary, Gregory’s life was rather predictable and he liked that - the assurance that no matter how chaotic life became at work, Gregory remained the same.
John said nothing, feeling no need to mention the slight tremble of Sherlock’s hands the moment he’d realized John was there and the time was upon them. Instead, John seated himself beside Sherlock and smiled up at him. The two stared at one another as the moments ticked by.
John was promptly spun on his heel and led towards Sherlock’s Finnish cousins—they were horrid. The worst by far. They’d actually asked Mrs. Holmes his fertility score.
“No.” John whimpered brokenly. “SHERLOCK!” John screamed and could do nothing but watch helplessly as the man he’d been arranged to marry, the man he’d sworn to hate, but now loved with all his being… his beautiful Sherlock spread his arms and leaped from the building.
“Do it already.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
“John, why don’t we go out for dinner tonight?” Sherlock immediately suggested.
Not a moment later did Sherlock roll over to face John’s back and long arms wrapped around his waist, tugging him back and into the middle of the bed.
“You won’t come?”
"Yes." John had told her of his mate, not too much into detail, but enough.
The soft stroking of thumbs to his wrists made Sherlock open his eyes, he hadn't realized he'd shut them. The alpha's concern was clear on his face as he looked to Sherlock with all his pity and guilt. Good. The alpha should feel bad for what he'd done to him. He was loosing his mind because of the alpha.
"That won't happen," John bit out, grinding his teeth and holding back his anger, because Mary didn't deserve it, Sherlock did.
"Sorry." Gregory chuckled and settled back beside the alpha. Still looking, because he couldn't believe it. He finally had everything he'd ever wanted.
"There's no way you could have deceived me, not for an hour, a day, or weeks, but months, John. Months..."
“Thank God for that.” Sherlock’s features softened as a faint smile played at one end of his lips.
John, nevertheless, attempted to remain civil. Sherlock followed after them for a time, trying to talk their parents into letting John rest, but they’d been adamant that John socialize as he hadn’t during their wedding.
Sherlock angrily offered up the memory stick to Moriarty. “Take it.”
John made a side glance to the front door, knowing he didn’t have to stay here and have the alpha talk to him like he was some child who’d had a tantrum. He could leave easily, but in the end he’d have to return. Sherlock was right, though he didn’t say it in so many words. He’d been a bit temperamental and rash the night before.
“Oh, don’t act so scandalized.” John teased, reminded of Sherlock’s reaction at that French restaurant not so long ago.
Sherlock had been a complete ass to John and the alpha... John truly was a good and wonderful man that Sherlock didn't deserve, but he was Sherlock's. If anything could be changed, it could be the way Sherlock treated John. Sherlock could slowly earn the right to have someone like John.
"Bit not good?" Sherlock pouted.
John remained still, staring in disbelief.
Sherlock smiled softly at John, retrieved his room key, and bid John a good night’s rest before entering his room and quietly shutting the door behind him. John could only imagine what Billy thought of them: the well-known consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and his husband John Watson renting two rooms. They didn’t even share the same last name and really that was John’s doing. One of the few things their parents had allowed John to decide was whether or not he wished to change his surname. Originally he’d refused changing it, but that was before he knew Sherlock, before he fell in love. Now, John didn’t quite mind the idea of being John Holmes. It had a nice ring to it. Made him feel whole and wanted.
“His room.”
“I’ll let you.” Mycroft called Sherlock’s bluff.
John would spend his heats with Sherlock, feeling the alpha’s detachment even when they were so close, knowing Sherlock would rather be spending that time with that fucking beta.
John’s teeth clamped tightly together. He didn’t want this.
"Yes, I... That's true, isn't it? But he wasn't a very nice man." John smiled up at Sherlock's calculating gaze, watching as the omega observed him for any sign he wasn't right in anyway. Finding none, the omega spoke in answer of John's words.
“Obviously.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “I mean that’s what we’re here for. Are you so daft as to—”
Sherlock’s eyes glistened, chin wobbling, and John wouldn’t have believed it if he didn’t see it for himself, but Sherlock’s mouth opened slightly and released a sharp whimper of anguish.
“I wish I could run away. I don’t think I can live like this much longer.” John whispered his silent wish.
you."
John wasn’t prepared for Sherlock to lung forward, grab him by his arms and shake him. The shock of it snapped something within, and John’s eyes flicked and met the eyes he’d been avoiding for so long.
John wrapped his arms around his chest, shut his eyes and imagined that his arms belonged to the man he loved.
John shook his head, hating himself for having lost complete control, but he wasn’t himself, he hadn’t been himself since he’d woken that morning and heat struck. He was no longer in full control; his omega side was coming out in waves. A shameful part of himself he kept dormant for the majority of his life, was released during heat cycles. It was the one time that his omega side reigned.
“Why?” Sherlock’s resolutely monotone voice gave way to sentiment at last and John could hear the bewilderment and panic in his voice.
.” Sherlock let loose a noise, a pitiful mewl of want and his hips came back to life.
“John.” Sherlock said more firmly, grip vicious now, but John’s alpha was in full power now.
Just then the smirking female agent entered the room again, holding out Sherlock’s beloved trench coat.
Was he annoyed?”
“What’s the matter?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock huffed tensely, not quite wanting to take a break from his research, but eventually set his pen down to drink his tea. John smiled against his cup, mid-sip. Sherlock at last took notice that John was seated beside him, closer than most friends would even sit together.
Ella nodded, a sense of relief filling her. From what John had told her, Sherlock seemed to truly love him. John’s confession couldn’t come at a better time. Sherlock’s love being validated would only bring the two closer.
“I’ll try.”
"Are you truly certain this is the right thing to do?"
John lowered his head to the ground, inhaled sharp breaths, brows tensed into a pensive frown.
John didn’t need Mycroft asking him to, John would do everything in his power to protect Sherlock.
“You want to introduce me to your sister as the omega you met through registering—which is true, but not tell her that we’re married?” Sherlock surmised matter-of-fact-like.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
." Sherlock cursed with such venom and enjoyed the way the alpha flinched at the pure hate in his voice.
"Divorce her." Sherlock challenged.
"No!" Sherlock snapped his head in John’s direction, but when he met those sad doughy eyes, his couldn't bear to stare at them for long and looked back out the window.
"What's it like? Working side by side solving crimes? Must be exciting."
"I couldn't -"
John buried his head in his hands and focused on calming his erratic breathing and the panic attack threatening to consume.
As Sherlock felt John pulse deep inside, knot covering his outer entrance in its warmth and protruding hardness, he inhaled shakily and dug the heels of his feet to the mattress.
All at once John's arms were tightening around him painfully and he was shouting into his ear with panic.
Sherlock let out a noise distantly resembling a squeak. Good Lord, John was amazing. Turning to meet John's gaze, their faces inches from one another, Sherlock stared at his husband in utter wonder.
“Why? Are you feeling jealous?”
"Sure. That sounds great. I love jazz."
A man, who John would later learn was detective inspector Gregory Lestrade, entered their home and requested Sherlock’s expertise. John had watched begrudgingly as his husband left and Mrs. Hudson soon went downstairs, promising to make them tea with biscuits.
"I should have registered sooner. I shouldn't have waited."
“I know them.”
Sherlock’s stare never faltered. John’s eyes narrowed in when he saw Sherlock swallow thickly, Adam’s apple bobbing. A thought occurred to John, and he nervously sucked in his bottom lip to nibble at, suddenly overwhelmed with nerves.
"John... Think about Sherlock."
“Yes, John?”
"I hope they all come out like you." Sherlock spoke aloud, before he could stop himself. That he had not intended on divulging, though it wouldn't be terrible if John knew.
The bedroom was pristine as ever and completely empty. As John turned to leave the room he heard the muffled shuffling at his side and then noticed a shadowed figure through the distorted glass door of the bedroom bathroom.
"John!" Sherlock startled when the alpha hauled him up and over his broad shoulder, one arm wrapping around the back of Sherlock's thighs, so very close to his ass. Effectively folding the omega over him, and felt Sherlock's hot breath heat his lower back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’m not the one who… with a rose petal.” John taunted back weakly, far more embarrassed with speaking about it.
The landlady had already unlocked the apartment door and it was left wide open for them. John vaguely took in the mess of the apartment, his eyesight was unfocused, his head whirling, he hardly registered the couch the women tottered his frail form to, until they were laying him on his back over the cushion.
John morbidly thought to himself as he lay himself in bed and rested his head against the chest of the stuffed bear, closing his eyes and allowing the soft fur of the bear to soak up his tears.
“John, please, calm down. It will be okay. Don’t worry.” Sherlock urged comfortingly.
"Sherlock... you're the lo-" John's words fell away the moment Sherlock met his gaze with one of finality.
.” John croaked and laved up the come on Sherlock’s neck.
"Seriously Victor." John recovered.
John really would have loved to join Sherlock in his mind palace, or be drunk through the event, but he couldn’t, not now that he was carrying pups. Instead, John began conversing with Harry, as their conversation continued they moved further away from the rest to have some privacy. After taking several steps away from their parents did John feel a tug on his hand and only then did he realize Sherlock had never let go. John smiled warmly at the alpha and wordlessly tugged Sherlock closer. Sherlock obediently followed John’s guide, stood pressed against his side and stared off lost in thought, though wanting to stay near John as he spoke to his sister.
“Yes.”
“You can see me.”
when in clear sight of the NSY. John had even audaciously taken hold of Sherlock’s hand while he was in the middle of deducing a crime scene in front of a room full of NSY officials. Anderson, Sally, and Lestrade had gawked with astonishment. Sherlock had managed to recover far more quickly and finished his deductions while staring back at a fondly smiling John, scrutinizing him with an intensity he didn’t know he had in him. Sherlock never pulled away, even when he felt the situation and location were poorly chosen.
It was John’s day off from work, he’d woken late that morning as was normal and while stepping out of the shower and drying himself with a towel, John came to a sudden pause. Lowering the towel away from his belly, John pressed a hand over the small pouch that was there. He really was pregnant and he was starting to show.
Sherlock squirmed against the sheets, knowing there would be no way to hide he'd gone into the alpha's room and right now he didn't care. He was on week thirteen of his pregnancy and it was well known that omega's became sexually active with their mates during that time. It usually lasted for another five weeks, but some omega's kept wanting it even days before birth.
Sherlock's noticeably tensed, observing John intently as if he were staring at a predator, and in a way, John was.
“THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH ME!” Sherlock’s cold glare stabbed at John’s sore heart.
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Holmes pleaded.
Sherlock hummed, appeased with John's rough fingers, rocking his hips against John's hand. He'd fuck John's hand until his alpha was hard enough to fuck him with his cock, because Sherlock was a slut for it. He told John as much and enjoyed the pained whine of the alpha submissive. He deserved to be teased and he'd keep teasing him, in the hopes it made him harden faster so that they could fuck, because Sherlock was hornier than a rabbit.
John’s French wasn’t all that wonderful, but luckily for him he had a genius for a husband and told Sherlock he trusted him to make their orders. While they waited for their waitress, John bowed head into his hand, shielding his eyes from the bright lights as he really couldn’t tolerate them right now. Sherlock was faring far better than John, seated across from him and fiddling with his phone.
Sherlock glared - John's attempts at pacifying him were not appreciated.
“What, John? What do you want?” Sherlock asked.
“You see these little things here that look like jelly beans, those are your pups. I count seven, but there could be one or more hiding behind another baby, it's normal with large litters.” Dr. Levy said.
“We are done. Sherlock, do you hear me. We’re done. Get the fuck out.” John demanded, breathing coming in quick and painful, and he knew he was close to hyperventilating, because although he was so very furious with Sherlock, the very idea of Sherlock leaving him for good made it hard to breathe.
“John, no. No John. God!
John crossed his leg over the back of Sherlock’s knees and spread his legs wider to take in the sight of Sherlock fisting at himself.
John felt white hot rage boil in the pit of his stomach. How dare this man break into their flat and accuse his alpha of…
The two of them laughed together, John's laughter less restrained than Sherlock's, but equally sincere.
John's eyes turned analytical. Attempting to read Sherlock's actions and features, but finding no answer he voiced his question, "Sherlock?"
John didn't like the way Victor said his name and chose to ignore the question, because that didn't matter. As John checked Victor's lungs and heart, he was painfully aware the omega was staring intently at him.
Once the last piece of garment was removed, John lay back on the bed, exposed, and in full view of Sherlock. John smiled, the end of his mouth twitching with slight nerves. This felt slightly different, not in a bad way necessarily, more of a kind of newness. Sherlock wasn’t his usual self, he was slightly more reserved, and kept his thoughts within which made John nervous. He was unsure whether or not Sherlock would want him as much as he once had.
! I’m your husband and yet you treat me like some
"According to you. Once is more than enough Gregory." Mycroft inhaled deeply and wrapped his arms around the other alpha.
He soon spotted far off in the distance a wooden farmhouse. John wandered over to the building, inquisitive as to what it housed, and when he entered he found it was a 12 stall horses stable. In each stall was a magnificent horse. John didn’t know much about horses, but he loved them. His great uncle Phil had two horses out in the country and when he was a child, he would visit him for the summer. John helped feed them and brush out their coat. He’d been too young to ride one at the time, but Phil promised to take him when he got older. Only, Phil passed away before that could happen.
“Mycroft.”
"We'll go slow."
John didn't want to hurt Sherlock again, so no. He couldn't go back to Sherlock. Not even now that there was a clear opening for him. Too long he'd rushed into things. Too many times he'd revolted against it. Too many times had he ended up hurting the one person he never wished to hurt.
Swallowing audibly, John flipped open the laptop, switched it on and slipped in the first DVD.
“Would you bend over and let me take you? Are you that submissive?” John couldn’t help but wonder about such a possibility.
“Harry…” John hesitated, eyes wet when he met Harry’s encouraging blue.
"Shhh." John stepped towards Sherlock, breaking the distance, and brought him into a tight embrace.
“No dear. Just like Sherlock, I found an omega for Mycroft.”
“And frankly a bloody awful cabbie.” John felt butterflies once again flitter around in his stomach.
Betas survived the death of their mate with little pain as they could never truly bond with an alpha. Much could be said about their counterpart alphas.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’ll plan it all and it will be small, just Harry and her partner, Mrs. Hudson and maybe Lestrade, just to make Harry think it’s an intimate ceremony. You won’t have to do much, just stand there and say ‘I do’. I’m sure the judge wouldn't get all sappy like the priest did.”
“You… do?” Sherlock’s voice was frail and terror-stricken.
“What’s bothering you?”
Within Sherlock, his omega whimpered in sorrow. It felt as if it were too late and it hurt. Not physically. The physical pain was dulled by the alpha's saliva. It carried anesthetic properties. No, he felt the pain of years of longing and the knowledge of his alpha's betrayal. It was a terrible injustice only very few omega's faced.
The last time some NSY officers had seen him he'd lost it and started crying and yelling at the dead body at a crime scene, convinced it was his dead grandmother. Mycroft had been called in and the gentlemen and agents had escorted Sherlock out of the building and into a car. After, the omega was institutionalized.
Sherlock’s aim remained steady on Moriarty as he glanced over to John panting, broken groans of pain spilling from his lips. He knew Moriarty was right. If Sherlock took John to the hospital now he might still have a chance, but if he killed Moriarty than they’d most certainly die.
Clearing his throat, John averted his gaze from Sherlock’s, unable to look at him any longer, and stared around them, not comprehending anything he saw.
They lay in bed facing each other, the morning sunlight warming the room as it shone and lit the room in pale blue.
John was able to sleep then, his anxiousness dulled by Sherlock’s reassurance.
"I want to taste you, but I can't lay on my stomach and I can't get on my knees. I... If you sit on my chest and balance yourself on the headboard I could do it." Sherlock spoke honestly, because he wanted this.
John sat outside of the apartment complex where the victim had been murdered and stared at the gray skies.
Through Sherlock’s cruel unforgiving words, Mr. Holmes, Mrs.Holmes, and Mycroft fell silent and listened in. This made the rejection all the crueler in John’s eyes.
"Really? You're really pregnant?" Sherlock finally asked when they pulled away and stared at him with such hope.
John wanted this. Everyone had told him so, but now, only now could Sherlock see the utter refusal. John didn’t want this. John didn’t want him.
“John.” Sherlock moaned, fondling his monstrous alpha cock. Jerking himself in ruthless painful tugs, squeezing his hand around himself as hard as he could, hurting himself, but needing the imitation of rutting into his omega.
. Sherlock mentally cursed himself, but grief and anger proved to be his downfall.
"Untouched."
“I just needed space, because I thought… because of Irene.”
“No. I do not.”
“You do, completely, wholly, irrevocably.”
Sighing with disappointment, Victor offered up his card to John and brightened when John took it with a polite smile plastered on his face, ignoring the burning gaze of his husband.
“Jesus, you always smell so good.” John confessed.
John convulsed against Sherlock, his inner walls closing around the engorged cock, cinched tight, and sealing him in. Sherlock mouthed John’s neck and shoulder, licking and sucking, and John couldn’t hold it back anymore. So good, everything felt unbelievably good. It was all just too much, and John came, hot wetness shot out of him, spunk splattering between their stomachs. As each pulse of spunk erupted, John became all the more wild and lost, clawing rabidly at alabaster flesh.
“You don’t mind, do you? I’m only two months pregnant, but I think it would be better if we got a head start on everything.”
John hit Sherlock’s ass with a cold ball of snow when Sherlock bent to grab snow for himself. John broke out into hysterical laughter, clutching his sides, heaving heavily through his amusement. Sherlock used this to his advantaged and launched two snow balls at him, hitting John in the chest and stomach.
"I know. I know this is a big thing. We didn't plan for this to happen, but..." John hated it, how his voice trembled and his eyes watered, but he knew. He didn't have to have Sherlock tell him what he was thinking about. Sherlock wasn't... Didn't value things most people did.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"No. You can't, it's too sensitive and no amount of prep will help when you are so... Please John. I can't... I can't take the waiting anymore."
“We've stabilized your husband for the time being, but he needs surgery. Before I can begin, I need to have your consent.” the doctor explained.
“We both know what’s coming, John. Moriarty is obsessed. He’s sworn to destroy his only rival.”
John rose from his chair and silently walked over to Sherlock who was leaning over the table and setting up his Petri dish. Standing behind the alpha, so involved in his experimenting that he had yet to realize he was there, John placed his hand on the taller man’s shoulder blade.
Sherlock snorted; his trust in the police was obviously not high.
man.” John blabbered and Sherlock’s contemplating stare lightened as he’d come to his conclusion—that John was truly alright—and he nodded in confirmation.
“They act like an old married couple.”
John thought, but regardless of this saddening thought, he smiled weakly and nodded.
Turning to meet John’s stare, Sherlock gave an apologetic look and John stared on perplexed.
“Mm.” John erratically hummed.
"You’re just trying to make me say something nice." John would be damned if he fell for another lie.
"When do you want to leave?"
Mycroft said nothing and Lestrade stared critically at him, as if he could deduce his secrets.
“Shut up and get on the bed.” Sherlock ordered with no malice.
You've rather shown your hand there, Dr. Watson. Gotcha!”
“What is it?” Mycroft asked.
He’d even read books on how best to
Sherlock craned his neck back, unburying his face to stare up at the ceiling in amazement as a wave of cooling water swept through him, heat fizzling, his mind clearing as his orgasm burst through and wetness coated his lower abdomen and made a cum-like basin out of his bellybutton.
“Are you asking me on a date?” Sherlock was amused.
“Look at me.”
Sherlock differed from John in every way imaginable. Sherlock prided himself for his intelligence, was cunningly arrogant and prideful. John liked to hide in the background, was studious, modest, and bright. Sherlock liked the finer things and always dressed to the nines. John didn’t care for the materialistic designer clothing and chose more efficient durable fabrics. Why buy expensive delicate clothing when there was cheaper clothing out there that could last longer?
John looked up at Sherlock in surprise before the embarrassment set in.
“I can feel…”
“I’m sorry.” John halfheartedly apologized.
“How about Louise Mortimer? Did you get anywhere with her?”
“I can hear your excitement.” John snorted.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John could yell at the omega. Tell him he had no right to barge into his home and make himself comfortable as if he was welcome, but John didn't. He'd wronged this omega greatly. Caused the man much grief and pain.
"Sherlock, I just wanted to see what you felt like eating for - What are you doing?" John cut himself off curiously when, Sherlock scrabbled to pull down his shirt and reached for the jar of cream set out on the nightstand.
Sherlock… His beautiful, kind, gentle Sherlock lay motionless on the ground. A large pool of blood haloing his head—too much blood—possibly all his blood which meant…
Sherlock stared at John helplessly. In a room where their children lay sleeping, feeling vulnerable and weakened down by those powerful words. Words that once made Sherlock so happy to hear, now made his heart ache powerfully.
Sherlock and John, consulting detective and his partner. No, these looks were full of surprise, confusion, and disgust. There had also been the few looks John had received that were less condemning and more lewd.
"Need you inside me." Sherlock urged.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. I know you two don't get along. I know I should listen to you, because you are my husband and mate. I would, if not for... Sherlock, please understand I'm not trying to anger you.  I only... I need..."
"I was wrong." John didn't deny it. He accepted it with remorse.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’m sorry.” John pleaded again, a force of habit.
John and Sherlock blushed in-sync, glancing to each other as if to find another reason for their amusement. John couldn’t contain the giggles that rippled out of him and Sherlock soon followed with a snort of hilarity.
Sherlock, however, was an alpha. He must have had other lovers… How many did he truly love? That towel, was it a parting gift from a beta? It looked old…and Sherlock
“We could always invest in toys.” Sherlock growled playfully and John laughed harder, raising his hands to palm Sherlock’s face affectionately.
"Going, going to come Sherlock, fuck! Sorry, I can't!" John whimpered, ducking his head in the juncture of Sherlock's neck and let out a dark groan that sent shivers down Sherlock's spine.
John choked on spit and groaned miserably, releasing the dogs of his attention and rising to stand before the omega.
“Look across the street. Taxi.” Sherlock broke the silence and reminded John what their purpose was.
“Yes, thank you.” John answered civilly, relieved for the experienced assistance.
Sherlock cautiously worked at the locks, fumbling and finding both locks needed to be horizontal to open the door. The door opened with little sound and Sherlock was thankful for this small bit of luck. Glancing back and to the darkened home, lit softly in the blue hue of moonlight cast out from the open door, Sherlock smiled.
