“For the time being.”
Across from him, John arched an eyebrow. Sherlock shoved his hands in the coat pockets stitched in just below the lapel, not trusting himself to properly hide how the situation was making him feel. In his pockets, his fingers stretched as far as the material would allow, before drumming across his chest in time to a sporadic song that was impossible for even him to follow. His arms felt weak as his heart thudded heavily in his chest, wriggling his toes in the tips of his shoes in an attempt to feel warmth in at least some part of his body.
Harry jumped a mile as John, now facing the brook, shouted and gestured wildly at something, something huge, hurtling towards them from behind.
In short, the fact remained that Sherlock liked those confrontations. He could prove himself: prove that he was actually capable of looking after himself, despite what Mrs Merriweather often insinuated. But when someone wanted him and they knew about his Ability, that's when he worried. Too many past experiences had caused his anxiety levels to rise dramatically whenever the topic was brought up, so he avoided it as much as he possibly could.
After all, John had said something about a boss, and while it was possible that he was dating someone else, their displays of affection towards one another indicated otherwise. He was easy enough to read, the soldier. The haircut, growing out now, still retained some of its own military style. He was tense; permanently on guard. Ready for anything to happen and prepared to spring into action. Easy enough to deduce.
Harry shook her head.
John stood up, holding Rosie to his chest.
It caught John completely off guard.
Behind Sherlock, far out to sea, lightning briefly illuminated the sky. John talked over the ensuing thunder clap.
"Probably not, but it's still a step in the right direction. Mrs Hudson will come round. I think she's just a little bit stressed at the moment. Her nephew-"
Hope you enjoy!
“It’s not, I just…” John’s voice trailed away. “I didn’t think that would be the type of thing you’d be interested in.”
John shook it cautiously.
“John,” Harry sighed. “There’s nothing wrong with you, alright? Now can you cut out your teenage angst bullshit? You’ll meet your soulmate. Just wait.”
Helloooo. I hope this chapter note finds you well :)
“It’s not and it wasn’t. You know I’d never lie to you. I merely failed to tell you the whole truth.”
SH: You’re very unhelpful.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s too wide,” he said, taking a step backwards. “I’ll die.”
The cottage was large, but not overbearingly so. Situated in a natural dip in the fields and close to a forest, they’d snapped it up immediately as the perfect place to retire.
“One minute away,” Sherlock replied, sipping his champagne. He handed Rosie a glass of sparkling apple juice. “You look cold.”
"Nearly there," his Dad soothed, and Sherlock gripped his Dad's jacket tighter. It felt as though they'd been in the building for an hour, but in truth it was barely pushing a minute since the bell had first started ringing.
Standing up and stretching, Sherlock began to glance over the bookshelves aligning the walls. Thickly bound novels of intricately designed drawings and diagrams met his eye,  all depicting far too complicated explanations for what was really an all too obvious fact.
They had moved to the kitchen. It was the only safe ground, the summit after Sherlock had unleashed an almighty hell-storm on John.
"And what does that mean?"
"Good punch," he commended, voice rasping as he tried to pull himself free. Sherlock pushed him back again with little effort, and John recognised his defeat.
9.	“Once there was a time when I believed without hesitation, that the power of love and truth could conquer all in the name of salvation. Tell me what kind of weapon is love when it comes to the fight? And just how much protection is truth against all Satan’s might?” The Spirit of Man, from Jeff Wayne’s War of the Worlds
He was the ill one, after all. He deserved all of John’s attention.
"Do you know how to get out of here?" He asked, looking away. "We can't just walk out."
Within a few moments, they burst out into the open and Sherlock found himself gulping in the clean, crisp oxygen, sprawled out on the playground concrete with his Dad laying next to him. Raising his head, he watched on as the building he'd been standing in a few moments prior collapsed. Flames reaching into the air as the roof gave way, and smoke blossoming into the sky to join the pearly white clouds.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And I don’t want to talk about it,” Sherlock snapped, growing more agitated. More defensive. “You didn’t care before and you don’t care now. I think Rosie’s awake.”
Sherlock hummed, smiling down at John, who was now shaking his head and smiling at the floor.
Leaning back, Sherlock peered around the corridor and saw that he and John were the only ones around. Giving a stern glance towards John, Sherlock dropped his hand and let him go. John spluttered.
And then, he collapsed.
Rosie grabbed John’s finger and began chewing on it. Slobber dribbled all over it, but John didn’t seem to notice.
“But we need to –“
"I didn't."
"Oh, well, thank you anyway." He turned on his heel before making his way back down the corridor and through the double doors, leaving the two guards shaking their heads and tittering short laughs.
“He meant that as –“ John interjected quickly, but Rosie cut him off.
“If I had been a victim, I would be dead and you would be a lonely man without a soulmate,” he replied.
-	Indigospacehopper x
Sometimes, Sherlock felt that things were finally beginning to work out for him. Sometimes, those moments were when he found a packet of biscuits in the cupboard, or sometimes they occurred when a particular juicy case squeezed it’s way into his letterbox.
Each sentence was a gift to him, each character was a new best friend, and each ending was a new beginning.
“Something to do with energy transference,” John said, “I studied it, briefly, at University but there’s not much research done on the subject and with well over half of the population not knowing anything about werewolves, there isn’t really room for much research.”
Technically, Sherlock knew he should be weary of John. He knew almost nothing about the guy, after all, yet he seemed to know an awful lot about him.
The man smirked, glancing towards his colleague knowingly. As the silent words were exchanged, Sherlock quickly moved forwards and grabbed the walkie-talkie from the man's belt, before keeping it tightly in his grasp behind his back.
“Okay.”
John raised an eyebrow.
John sighed quietly. The man was a complete anomaly.
“Using my surname to deflect from the fact that we’re soulmates and to listen to you in a more formal capacity? Smart. I live on this street, just beside the British Museum. I have a first aid kit there.”
They were stood on the roof of 221B Baker Street, Rosie on John’s shoulders as she squinted into distance, trying to spot any early fireworks.
Sherlock supposed that, really, his soulmate ought to enjoy his deductions. They were a solid part of his work, and by extension is personality. When John had approached him, Sherlock had known that he wouldn’t back down. That he was acclimatised to violence. That he was a man born to help. Sherlock had known right from the off that there was very little that could deter this man.
Sherlock envied the view, though not the distance to the bathroom.
“You’ll regret this,” Sherlock said, pushing himself up onto his feet. He was shaking. He fought to keep his voice level. “You will.”
John wheeled around, Rosie clutched to his chest.
John froze.
“Because you’ll never understand what it’s like.”
“Everything alright?” John asked, looking up at him as they walked side-by-side. “You look a bit agitated. We can stop.”
IA: So stop complaining and get on with it x
“The papers are still sniffing around you, after the whole Culverton Smith thing.”
Sergeant Rose looked at Lestrade, who had his arms folded across his chest.
The top two shelves supported the ancient books, full of philosophies and guidance pertaining to people's Abilities. However, the very bottom shelf held brightly coloured red ring binders, all filed neatly and ordered properly.
Sherlock stepped on his foot.
“I mean it, Sherlock. I realised that I never… that I never asked you what happened.”
So tightly.
“I don’t like soup.”
John stared at him.
“You’ll find somewhere. Let’s be honest, you’ll end up doing a master’s degree or something.” He sipped his coffee. It stung his lips and tongue, somehow incredibly hot and cold at the same time. “Plus, you’ve always got that trust fund to fall back on.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I mean, you just collapsed?”
“Sir,” he said through gritted teeth. “Let me clean the wound.”
"Don't say a word." Sherlock whispered, grabbing ahold of the teenager and spinning him around, covering his hand over the boy's mouth to silence him as Sherlock shoved him against the wall.
John smiled warmly. In his lap, Rosie fidgeted. She was quickly becoming bored, and threw herself back against John’s chest. John hugged her close.
The first page was easier to scrunch up. John threw it and it landed with some success behind the photographs.
“Come on.” John tugged Sherlock’s hand. “I need you to help me revise for Tuesday’s exam.”
A few metres in front of them, Molly stood against a tree with Rosie strapped to her chest. She held one hand against Rosie’s back, and the other she was using to wave madly at Sherlock and John.
Sherlock screamed.
Rosie rolled her eyes.
“Neither have I,” Sherlock admitted. “But I always have your blog to send me to sleep.”
Sherlock chuckled quietly. “Okay, but don’t tell your daddy, you should be asleep! And we wouldn’t want to - John.”
“Hey.”
“Hey.” John heard him whisper. “Bad dream? That’s okay…”
"Hold your breath," Sherlock stated, and John obliged. He then pinched the end of his nose, and John shot daggers at him through watering eyes. Sherlock merely shrugged. "You need to look like you've been caught in a fire. Lack of oxygen and all that," he smiled sympathetically as John shrugged.
“Angelo’s…” Sherlock said slowly. “I said that women weren’t my area, and I told you I didn’t have a boyfriend.”
“If I’d be…?” Sherlock prompted, although he’d already decided on his answer.
“And what?” Sherlock asked, walking around his room and picking up bits and pieces that he’d abandoned throughout the week. “There was no big romantic gesture, Mrs Hudson. I made a comment about marriage…”
“Sherlock,” John sighed. “Can you honestly see yourself working for anyone? Having someone tell you what to do? Could you handle someone telling you when to go on break? Waking up at 7am every morning to go to a job you can’t stand?”
John rolled his eyes. “So, it was a lie,” he said. “A misguided truth is a lie, Sherlock.”
"Who is this? Over." Came the static response, both men somewhat puzzled as to who was communicating with them. As Sherlock watched, Bear 2 began hurriedly checking his belt.
John shot him a glare. “I know that, Sherlock. Jesus Christ, it’s difficult enough for everyone right now. I know that.” He paused for a moment, then looked up at Sherlock.
John began laughing. Actually laughing.
Sherlock was staring at the clear screen dividing the back of the taxi from the front, but John could tell that he wasn’t looking through it. He picked at the gloves and bounced his knee. He visibly shivered and John asked the taxi driver to turn the heating up. John shuffled over so that he was sitting next to Sherlock, their knees touching.
The fifth –
John rolled his eyes.
“He’s fine, Mrs Hudson,” John had said exasperatedly, standing at the top of the staircase.
Sherlock, after all, would form his own opinions. Neither of them would be able to deny that they were soulmates, but there was always a possibility Sherlock would turn his nose up at the concept. It had been known to happen to other people John knew, where one decided they weren’t in the right place to begin that stage of their life or they were simply scared.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“They weren’t mistakes,” he reminded himself, “I had a good and justifiable reason for each one. John would have tried to come with me if I’d told him I was about to fake my death. He’d have done it too. He could have told everyone he was going back to Afghanistan and then he could have met me in Switzerland. He wouldn’t have thought twice about it.”
Two men grabbed Sherlock by the arms and forced Sherlock back. Sherlock thrashed around, trying to free his arms as he kicked out wildly. Both men were far stronger than Sherlock could ever hope to be, and while Sherlock was an excellent fighter, he knew that in a situation where he was restricted he was essentially powerless.
“Sherlock has every right to keep secrets from you,” a small voice reminded him, while he lay stretched out across the sofa that night. “You’ve been a total bastard.”
“Probably, yeah.”
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, then offered his hand out for John to shake.
And the brief spell of happiness came crumbling down.
Sherlock took a step backwards as Mrs Safely stood up, making her way around the desk with a book clenched tightly in her hands. Her purple ballet pumps were silent on the floorboards, with Sherlock being equally as quiet as followed closely behind.
Sherlock frowned while he read. While John hadn’t said anything, Sherlock knew that Ella had suggested writing the blog at one of the lowest moments of John’s life. That he had chosen to take it up again, though privately rather than online, made Sherlock’s stomach knot.
“I didn’t lie,” Sherlock said, watching an aeroplane as it disappeared into a dark grey blockade of cloud. “It was a misguided truth.”
John was up and rubbing Sherlock’s back in an instant. He pressed his hand against Sherlock’s forehead again as Sherlock hacked into his arm, pushing his chair back as the cough ripped the air from his lungs.
“What’s normal for us?”
Through the corner of his eye, Sherlock spotted the men's toilets and an idea popped into his head.
“You know?”
John paused. A dull pain blossomed through his shoulder.
“It’s a trick, just a magic trick.”
“John? John.”
"'Came to find me'?" Sherlock repeated, scoffing. "You were dragged in by security guards, quite literally." He said, and some of his bubbling panic dissipated at the sound of John's laugh.
Sherlock sighed.
"Sherlock," John warned, putting one foot in front of the other as he glowered. Sherlock could feel himself crumbling under the sincere hatred in John's gaze: those warm blue eyes he'd come to love becoming more difficult to read. When had he stopped being able to know what was on John's mind? When had that happened? His eyes were the same warm, Mediterranean Sea blue, yet the pattern of the tides were different. The currents had changed. What Sherlock once regarded as having the utmost beauty was now a complete mystery to him. Mesmerising, but with the distinct fear of wanderlust.
For the most part, Sherlock was amazed at how quickly they fell back in step with one another. They were silent for a while, walking alongside one another as they cut through Marylebone High Street.
“How do you feel?” He asked, standing again. He crossed over to Sherlock and while Sherlock all but lay across the armchair, John pressed his hand against Sherlock’s forehead.
“But we’ve decided to make one of our rules of our clear communication. If one of us is unhappy with something, we have to make it known and not bottle it up.”
Sherlock smiled as he studied the pictures. One from John’s rugby days, another of his Grandma who had passed away only a few years ago.
I’ll start a collection or something. Thank you!
“Where’s it to?”
Is this what it had come to, then? John lying straight to his face? Of course Sherlock had known about the phone calls. The nights where the doctor would vanish and return in the early hours of the morning, without saying a word. The quick glances at his watch, where after he'd then leave again. Sherlock knew that he always went straight to the telephone box at the end of the road. He knew that John was trying to hide something.
“Hm, I did, actually.” Sherlock nodded, looking over the book cover. “Not enough murder for my taste, though. We’re reading Death on the Nile next.”
John hugged the teddy tight to his chest, watching as the wolf approached him. He smiled at it.
He had said it more for his own sake than John’s, it gave them an excuse to part ways and never see each other again. If John walked away, Sherlock could list the reason for John’s absence as handling the difficulties of being a single parent and feelings wouldn’t be hurt.
“Thanks,” he said, smiling at the memory stick as he turned it in his hand. “And you’re right. I haven’t been sleeping very well.”
There was indeed a wolf lying on the floor next to his wardrobe. A great, massive, beautiful wolf. One of its ears was down, but the other remained up, listening to Sherlock. A thick and fluffy tail swished back and forth on the floor, and Sherlock stared at it in utter bewilderment.
I hope that was okay! I wanted to rewrite their first meeting, but around the same time it should’ve happened anyway. If that makes any sense at all.
Except faking your death.
“Karachi,” Sergeant Rose said quickly. “I was in Karachi. But I don’t see –“
He hoped Sherlock had remembered that John cared for him while he was prisoner, then tried to remember the last time he’d told Sherlock that. If he’d ever told him that.
Mrs Hudson clapped her hands together, beaming from ear to ear.
John nodded and tugged Sherlock closer, trying to ground him a little.
It probably wasn't good to mimic a fire being started in a parliamentary building, but Sherlock didn't care. In fact, he rather enjoyed it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“You didn’t need to get her anything,” John had told him over the phone shortly after the parcels had arrived.
John stared blankly at Sherlock, holding the door open for Sherlock with his elbow, his hands clutching both of their coffees.
“Mike?” John huffed a laugh. “Jesus…”
Keeping one thumb wedged securely on the page of his own book so as to not lose his place, he carefully picked up the stranger’s book and handed it to him.
As ever, if you feel like leaving a comment please do, and remember to STAY SAFE.
He remembered Sherlock lying on the cold wet slabs of the pavement outside St Bart’s, his hair thick with rain and blood and John’s stomach churned as he too fell back onto the same pavement. Still alive but slowly dying.
Mrs Hudson turned on her heel, and John knew he’d be receiving biscuits with raisins instead of chocolate chips for a while.
“Here you are,” Mrs Safely said, separating two books with one hand and slotting the new one in between the two of them. Sherlock had grinned excitedly, and that concluded his first introduction to the library. Short and sweet: just the way he liked it.
“John…” Sherlock started, but John shook his head.
“Sherlock?”
The punches rained down on Sherlock and Sherlock was powerless to stop them. Pain erupted in his stomach, his chest, his head, his gut. He knew he was bleeding, but he wasn’t sure where from, and he could feel the tendrils of unconsciousness beginning to pull him asunder.
“I’m surprised you managed to hear anything over all the shouting,” Sherlock said, groaning as he pushed himself up into a better sitting position. John pulled his hand away and marched off to the kitchen, but Sherlock was pleased to spot a small smile playing across John’s face before he turned his back.
Sherlock smiled, leaning in for another kiss. His hand went up into John’s hair and the golden wedding band on his finger caught in the cold December sun, much as the sun’s light glistened and danced across the lake behind John. A swan glided by, ignoring the hum of chatter drifting down from the wedding hall.
"Sorry, kid." The man offered. "We can't let anyone in. Come back in half an hour."
He had to keep reminding himself that no matter what pit he fell down in life, there was at least an attempt at a rope that he could use to pull himself back up again. Occasionally that rope came in the form of the urge to have a shower, or it sounded as the cry of his beautiful daughter. Sometimes it was an outstretched hand promising adventure, but that hand mostly left him alone now.
“Yes,” John said quickly. “Definitely. I don’t want to rush you or anything…”
Sherlock chewed his lip. "They'll never believe me if Anderson's on my side," he mumbled, tapping his feet on the ground. John sighed, feeling a splintering crack in the wall begin to widen.
Of course, this wasn't in the least bit surprising for Sherlock. From the moment he'd been kicked out of the office he'd already had it set firmly in his mind that he wasn't going back. He had better things to do with his day. Admittedly, that had meant slipping down the alleyway between the Madiha restaurant and the Happy Valley take-away to give someone a right hook, win a few fights and then sit in a local coffee shop, possibly nursing a bleeding lip while checking his emails for a good case.
"Because I'm special." He replied with a drawl.
“Can I have my teddy, please?” He asked.
“Hm?”
John would be surprised, but wouldn’t taunt him about it. Mrs Hudson would pretend she knew all along.
Sherlock sighed and rested his chin on his fist, frowning at John.
“Well,” Mrs Hudson stood in the doorway. “If you need a babysitter, just let me know.”
"At the end of the corridor there's a caretakers closet. I want you to lock yourselves inside it. Over."
Sherlock grinned embarrassedly, his cheeks burning crimson.
“Well, that’s a lie,” Sherlock said bluntly. “Try again.”
John sighed and ran his hand through his hair. The bags under his eyes has grown heavier since Covid-19 has rolled into the UK.
Sergeant Rose glared at him.
"There's no cameras in here," he said, entering one of the cubicles and yanking strips of toilet paper out of the holders. The toilet was large and rectangular, with urinals against one side of the wall and cubicles again the other; a few sinks stood at the end closest to the door with posters about how to correctly wash your hands hanging above them. On the opposite side to the sinks stood a blank tiled wall with a small window just touching the ceiling. John watched Sherlock for a moment before deciding to help, although he took to opening up the plastic cases on the walls and stripping down the posters from them.
"As long as they can shoot and know how to cover their tracks without dropping me in it, I don't care whether they can read or not. It's part of the job description to be stupid. That way they don't ask questions.”
“Of course not. I told you when we first met: I consider myself married to my work. Besides, I dated Janine and look what happened there,” Sherlock sat down in his armchair again, and John took his own. "Far too much hassle."
“Of course you are. John, this really is ridiculous. We have to go inside. You can have a midlife crisis inside just as good, if not better, than you can outside.”
Those were genuine tears because Sherlock was leaving. Sherlock was leaving John behind.
d)	Potter!lock
“Something like that,” he said, not looking at either Sherlock nor Molly as he spoke. His focus lay completely on his daughter, who was watching a squirrel with absolute fascination as it rushed about between the trees.
“You’re drunk,” Sherlock grumbled, then made to walk past John.
John winced.
Hiya. Sorry this has taken so long - but I have FINALLY finished university! It’s been three stressful years, but it’s done. So now I have no excuses for updating fics so slowly than my own laziness.
The third knocked over John’s army photograph, and the fourth fell behind the chest of drawers.
Sherlock had enjoyed reading Bridget Jones’s Diary. He thought that the characters were somehow far-fetched and boring at the same time, but he had always enjoyed the film and therefore decided that he also enjoyed the book.
Of course, Sherlock had been well aware of his feelings for John for a while, but to read that it was at least in some way reciprocated was almost enough to make Sherlock forget that he was currently in self-isolation because of a horrid virus. He smiled to himself reread all of John’s notes.
John decided it didn’t matter. Right now Sherlock could punch John in the face and it wouldn’t matter.
He had left the flat full of confidence. He had spoken to Nate, and the confidence hadn’t wavered.
John cupped the back of Sherlock's neck with his hand, holding him securely as he hugged him back.
John grinned.
Whether he chose to admit it or not, Sherlock had always been somewhat defensive about the globe. It wasn't his globe, and therefore knew he shouldn’t be so protective over it. Yet, if he ever spotted a person pressing their dirty fingers to it, he would always feel his blood boil. This person, it seemed, was showing a particular interest in Australia.
“I’m not going to rip his head off, alright?” Harry sighed. He reached down and took John’s hand again. “Come on.”
“Hey,” John whispered, peering around the bedroom door.
Sherlock stared in horror.
“Incident at Mall Road, Hammersmith. I know it’s early but we need Sherlock. Bring him over? I can’t say much but he’ll want it. Level 9, I reckon.”
John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“That was you telling me you were gay?”
“No, Harry,” John whispered, wriggling free from under Harry. “It’s teddy.”
“You’re awfully sure of yourself,” he said eventually, surveying John uncertainly. “Awfully.”
“It’s quiet.”
Sherlock looked up at him.
"You've mentioned it once or twice," Sherlock replied, ever with the air of ignorance. John rolled her eyes, before planting her lips against Sherlock's and kissing her softly.
- indigospacehopper x
John turned the electric blanket back on.
Everyone had an Ability. Everyone it seemed, except him. Isabelle, of course, could turn invisible. She took great pleasure in stalking him without him knowing, and then quickly running up behind him and yanking his hair. Sherlock would yell, kick, and punch the air behind him but with no prevail. Mrs Merriweather never believed his accusations of it being Isabelle, because no one had ever seen her do it. It was infuriating.
He bounced down the stairs and held out his hand for Mike to shake. Mike shook it vigorously, utterly bewildered but grinning broadly.
“Look at me,” the man said, his rich, baritone voice anchoring John in the floodwaters of his thoughts. “It’s completely normal. This. Your brain is in overload. You’ve only seen grey for what, 34, 35 years? And now…” the man’s voice drifted. “Colour.”
i)	Specific request
Sherlock stared at him. “John…” he started quietly, but John shook his head.
“Sing De.” John remembered Rosie saying excitedly on one such occasion, the eve before her third birthday. “Sing De!”
15.	“I love the way we worked so hard. Yeah, we've come so far, baby, look at me, you're my superstar. When I'm afraid, when the world's gone dark, come and save my day, you're my superstar.” Superstar, MARINA
John sighed and leaned back in his chair.
He showered, dressed, and once Rosie was awake he loaded her into the baby carriage strapped to his chest and headed to the nearest shop.
“Alright. I thought Angelo’s?”
hairy.
“Is that –“
Not wanting to see the result of his clumsiness, Sherlock hesitantly glanced towards them, worry etched into his face.
This man, with the bookshelves rigid as he walked alongside them was no Cheshire Cat: He was the bloody Red Queen.
John watched him thoughtfully.
Sherlock tried to lift himself out of bed but realised his mistake with a horrid jolt when he moved his leg. As yelled out in pain, John jerked awake.
The wolf sat down next to the bed and Sherlock watched in part total fear, part amazement, as it carefully bit Sherlock’s trouser leg and tugged it up his calf. His leg was bright purple, and it was only when the wolf showed it to him that Sherlock realised it was definitely broken. He was surprised he hadn’t realised how much it hurt before.
"Okay..." John sighed, rubbing his forehead and thinking heavily. "Okay... Are you cold?" He asked, seemingly randomly.  Sherlock shrugged, and John's frown deepened. He hated seeing Sherlock like this.
Thanks for reading this far!
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John had taken that to mean that Sherlock struggled to come to terms with feeling something towards another person, and it had been funny to see Sherlock hold Rosie as arms length the first time they met.
“Are you-“
“John, no. Don’t do this to yourself. You didn’t know. You didn’t know.”
“You… you weren’t there,” he said quietly.
“Well,” Nate tapped something into the till “let whoever you’re buying them for know that they’re no good. I ought not to sell them but I like making money.”
He had abandoned so much.
Because he was a twat.
IA: Fine. If your 30 second relationship with John hasn’t worked out: do you fancy going for dinner? X
“Fascinating,” he agreed, nodding slowly. “Serial killers always are. There is something about gore and distinctly inhuman things which generate a fascination. There are those who turn away from violence and death, disgusted by it, but they suppress their natural, human curiosity in doing so. They’re scared of what they are, or what they have the potential to become.”
Almost as quickly as they had started however, the yells subsided, and a babble of gossip began sweeping across the foyer like a cold draft in its place. As Sherlock peered around the pillar, he watched on as the boy was pushed into a lift; still desperately trying to get away from the man carrying him, who appeared to be security. Once the glass doors had shut, Sherlock felt as though he could relax. Sighing heavily and leaning his back up against the pillar, he shut his eyes as his face pointed towards the ceiling, gripping to the strap of his messenger bag tightly as if it were a lifeline.
John simply stared at him.
Sherlock nodded.
“Sherlock?”
I hope that was okay!
Sherlock sighed heavily and pulled away from John’s hand.
To a person who had only recently met John they would appear as perfectly ordinary behaviour.
Sherlock nodded. “I know.  Army doctor. Well, you were. You’re still a doctor, just not army. Invalided. You’re used to a degree of violent injuries.” He tripped over his words, blushing furiously.
John sighed.
“You’re unhappy with me because I’m an unfeeling machine and therefore couldn’t possibly understand that, sometimes, people get sad or they’re happy or they’re horny or they just need a hug,” Sherlock said. “I understand emotions, I have emotions. I would be a pretty awful detective if I couldn’t understand other people’s emotions; emotions are often the driving motive in crime.”
John didn't say a word, nodding curtly instead at the silent communication between them both. Whether Sherlock had momentarily gone deaf or whether they were talking to one another telepathically was a mystery to him, but something had been said between and it was clear that John had been completely put-down by Jim.
His eye was still red, still sore, but seemed far better than it had done the previous day. The bags under his eyes had begun to relent, too, and John noted that Sherlock seemed to have had a proper shower and shave since the previous day. He smelt better. Was that aftershave he could smell?
John felt that all in all, he had definitely encountered more than his fair share of bad days. He’d had some good days, too, though. Brilliant days, even. But it was when bad days flowed into the night, like a dim moon on a clear day that simply refused creep below the horizon where it belonged, that John really felt the effects of them.
“Sherlock?”
The flat was silent. A breeze floated by, buoyant on the stillness Sherlock and John’s argument had left in the cramped lounge, like space dust ricocheting off the atmosphere.
John frowned.
The robins stopped singing, deciding that they were no longer needed. Instead, they hopped along the path before flying into a local tree. Watching the scene from where they wouldn’t disturb it.
“No, what were you going to say?”
John came out of his staring trance.
She caught a glimpse of Sherlock beneath his duvet and reached out her small hands for him. John obeyed and lay her down next to the sleeping detective, who stirred and enveloped John’s daughter with the duvet.
Sherlock paused.
John nodded. “Yes, I know,” he said, still frowning. Sherlock wondered how often he actually smiled. “It was in all the papers. They interviewed people in my regiment. I was interviewed myself. None of us knew her, but we all followed the case. Every time a head was found it was all anyone would talk about at base, but I don’t remember hearing your name mentioned at all. Dreadful business though, wasn’t it?”
They weren’t fine. Sherlock was quite certain John had climbed out of the window and was attempting to board a train, having sprinted to King’s Cross. But that was neither here nor there.
“Alright. Good.”
“Thank you.”
“It’s okay,” he said, turning his mug around so that the handle was in the right position to be grabbed easily. “You can make it up to me another way.”
“Sorry, I’ll cancel it, if you-”
“I love you more.” Sherlock grinned. “I love you so much.”
"I was looking for you." He said quietly. Sherlock frowned. Through all the shouting John had originally done, Sherlock would have thought there would be a bit more enthusiasm around finally meeting him, yet John continued to look at the floor instead of Sherlock, tapping his toes on the ground with his hands clasped behind his back.
John frowned at him.
IA: You’re being dramatic x
The wolf was John.
Everyone had protested at Sherlock having painkillers. Whether it was all for a case or not, he had consumed a fair amount of unsavoury substances recently and no one wanted to risk him falling any further down that rabbit hole again. Neither John nor Mycroft had forgotten that Sherlock had nearly overdosed on the other plane over a year prior to Culverton Smith surfacing at all, and neither had they forgotten accidentally stumbling across him in a drug den. Case or not, Culverton Smith or Augustus Magnussen, both John and Mycroft had recognised that tricky cases hadn’t been the only factor in Sherlock’s relapse.
“Pretend?” He asked quietly. “You’re my partner, John. You can’t pretend something like that.”
Sherlock had forgotten she was there.
“Well, we have a lot to talk about. Like the fact that we’re soulmates?”
"I'm sure you'll manage without it," the man on the right said, offering Sherlock a friendlily false disposition, which Sherlock immediately noted. He was a large man, with dirty nail brushes for eyebrows and a matted knot of grey Velcro for a beard, which ran up the sides of his face before retreating into a band around the back of his head; although missing the top entirely where a few short wires stuck sharply upright from where the man had missed them while shaving. As he spoke, he shifted his stance, readjusting his grip on the gun in his hand. Sherlock surveyed him closely, paying particular attention to the man's own badge, which read 'Bear 2'. Upon a quick once over of the man standing next to him, Sherlock decided what he was going to do.
Sherlock began coughing as John flicked the kettle on.
"I didn't!" Sherlock implored, growing frantic. Next to him, a potted plant where the children often used to bury their cars exploded into an angry fireball of flames, causing Sherlock to jump. He made a mad dash towards his parents, and this time Merriweather let him go.
I really hope you enjoyed that and that it wasn’t too doom and gloom.
“Oh, we’re completely ridiculous,” Sherlock hummed. “But I’m fine with that, and I know you are too.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to make his opinion known, but John silenced him with a quick scowl.
“Well, it’s sort of like that. It’s like you’re having an orgasm, but you’re not really. Does that make any sense?”
Molly’s smile didn’t falter.
“Oh,” Sherlock reacted automatically, without really thinking. “I thought… actually, it doesn’t matter.”
“Oh, one other thing,” he said, turning to Mike. As he spoke a smile broke out across his face. “John is my soulmate.”
Sherlock sighed heavily.
Several books had fallen off the shelf where Sherlock had accidentally pulled them off. John was gawping slightly, brows knitted together as he glared at Sherlock, but Jim’s reaction was a bit more interesting. He was craning his neck behind him, trying to see what John was looking at.
John’s eyes widened.
Harry nodded. “We’ll go home,” she said, and kissed John’s temple. However, as she lifted her head, she caught sight of something, moving about a thicket of trees just beyond the brook. It was barely visible, just a dark mass weaving its way through the tree trunks towards them. She squinted at it, and it squinted back. “Let’s go home,” she whispered to John, kissing his temple and hugging him a little bit tighter. “I don’t like it either.”
He was used to seeing the world in grey.
John walked away, but Sherlock’s eyes were wide.
Despite this, Sherlock still felt an overwhelming sense of guilt. As later (once the flames were extinguished completely and the building was safe to enter again), a dead body was found crushed under a metal beam.  Sherlock had been horrified when he later discovered that it had been the caretaker who'd died. He'd have probably felt a bit less bad if it had been someone else. Like the fifth year teacher. Or Mrs Merriweather.
Sherlock stared at him.
“I wish John were here,” he sighed, scratching absent-mindedly behind the wolf’s ear.
“You’ll find someone. Mrs Hudson still okay for you to move in tomorrow?”
“That was different,” he protested, defensive tones establishing themselves strongly against the fearful ones. “I was burgled; of course I was going to go to the police. I wasn't about to sit around doing nothing so that I could be burgled again. It's not my fault one of your low-lives saw me there, and it's definitely not my fault that you jumped to the wrong conclusion when they came running to you.”
Ideally, he would have taken Sherlock somewhere much nicer for their first date. A murder museum, for example, or maybe even St Bart’s so that Sherlock could spend some time amongst the chemicals that we’re currently off-limits to a recovering junkie.
The crowds parted as several burly security guards marched through, two of them dragging a seemingly very rebellious teenager behind them.
The fight had been heating up, with lots of half formed insults pouring from the criminals mouth as Sherlock planted a firm right hook on his cheek. The man scarpered, and Sherlock somehow found himself chasing the bloodied up man himself. He still maintained that he'd have been able to catch him if he hadn't caught sight of a gas canister instead. Although secretly, he was pretty damn pleased with the resulting explosion. The man had died in hospital a few hours later from severe first degree burns, and Sherlock had been banned from anymore of his "silly adventures."
He gently tucked his hand beneath Sherlock’s chin and tilted his head upwards, slightly.
Mrs Hudson began giggling, and Mrs Holmes started laughing. They retreated back inside, and it was only then that John removed his hand.
"You're an idiot," John told Sherlock matter-of-factly after she'd calm down. Her statement earned her a simple shrug. "And your lipstick looks really cute today. Is it new?"
"Things got a bit confusing," John offered simply, still smiling. "Come on, we need to get out of here."
So, if you have any requests, feel free to comment them and let me know!
“What are you?” He whispered. He brought his hand up, still following the fur, until it gave way to shorter, coarser hair.
“You don’t have to remind me,” John said, looking down at Rosie. “Is she safe?”
Sherlock sighed and pulled John closer by the hip, pointing again. "Right there."
“What?”
“You weren’t to know,” John replied, brushing it off. “How’re you keeping, anyway?”
“No you don’t,” he said, to which Sherlock raised an eyebrow, looking up from his phone.
“Yes… I was,” he said, putting his hand against Sherlock’s forehead to check his temperature. “Are you feeling okay? Did you hit your head?”
"What do you want us to do? Over."
“I suppose you'll want the children's section,” Mrs Safely continued, not looking at him. Sherlock nodded, feeling his partly dried hair bounce up and down. It would go frizzy later, he knew, and Mycroft would tease him for it like nobody’s business. “Come on then.”
Sherlock frowned, looking between the both of them. Even Rosie was looking at him now, though her eyes still shone with all the excitement of seeing a squirrel.
Sherlock sat down at the kitchen table. Rosie was downstairs with Mrs Hudson, and John continued making two mugs of tea.
However, it wasn't Mrs Merriweather who'd died, and the agreement had been made when the woman had announced to the world that she'd discovered a Harth Heir.
“This is ridiculous,” he muttered, but offered a small scratch just behind the incline.
“What?” He asked.
“Oh yeah? Which road after that?”
He blinked. "I don't..."
"Speaking?" She started, and Sherlock slouched further in his chair, tapping his foot idly off of the floor in impatience. "Yes, that's right."
Slowly, cautiously, Sherlock let go of the headboard with his other hand and rubbed his eyes, pushing away all the sleep that had welded his eyelids closed during the night. He opened his eyes.
If you want more, I wrote a small fic a few years ago that involves Sherlock and John hiding on their wedding day. It wasn’t written with the intention of coming after this fic, but I think it works quite nicely. I’ve also written another fic (a while ago), that centres around Sherlock and John’s retirement. I’ll try to add them to this fic as a series.
Rosie cleared her throat and brought John back to the garden.
“I'm a doctor, of course I can read,” John scoffed. “And the highest promotion is ‘the boss’s boyfriend’, is it?” He asked as his scowl broke out into a smile.
The alley was dingy and dirty, with rubbish littering the floor and puddles of mush strewed along the side of walls. Before Sherlock could put John down properly, he'd leapt away from him and was looking very red.
“Fascinating, though,” John said. Sherlock grinned.
“Okay,” John conceded eventually, “I’ll get you a cab back to Baker Street after we’ve picked up Rosie. You look exhausted.”
“Oh?” He asked, airily.
“Should it be this difficult?” Sherlock asked after about five minutes of silence.
Sherlock screamed and gripped his Dad's coat as a pot of pencils exploded next to them; his Dad starting talking to him, trying to calm him down as he wriggled around in his grasp. Although his words went ignored, the fact that Sherlock could hear something other than the crackle and roar of flames was a comfort.
“You miss my point,” Jim supplied. “Remember what happened? Remember how you felt? Remember how you felt after I'd dealt with you? Remember how that made me feel?”
“What? What is it?” John asked. He grabbed the lamp off the bedside table and held it up, ready to strike. An automatic reflex.
She had seen it in Sherlock’s face. Plenty of times. Far too many times considering how little his determination reaped the rewards it had sewn in vain.
Sherlock frowned.
John’s stomach dropped.
“You’ve been through so much.”
“Here.” She rummaged around in her pocket and pulled out a slip of paper, which she handed to John. “We’ve taken the hyphen out of Watson-Holmes and made it one long surname. And Elisabeth is Tord’s mother, so-“
John took a deep breath, then shook his head and looked down. His hands clenched into fists at his sides, then unfurled themselves. Sherlock noticed that he was shaking.
- indigospacehopper x
“Actually,” John began, unfazed by the topic of the book. “I think I'm going to stay here for a bit,” Sherlock made a mental note of how quickly Jim’s expression changed again. Apparently John noticed it too, because he hurriedly began stuttering an explanation. “I want to find a book I was reading a while ago, when I was in Afghanistan,” he supplied. “My friend over there published it. Thought it might give it a read, if I can find it.”
But, and as pained as he was to admit it, John was getting old. He was closer to fifty than forty now, and he knew that he probably ought to start making plans for the upcoming years and Rosie’s education. Mary had been set on Rosie going to private school, preferably boarding, but John had strongly argued against that idea. That was until Mary’s will was read, and John learned that Mary hadn’t quite disclosed all of her finances to him – along with a great many other nuggets of information about her life.
“We can’t keep having this conversation,” John sighed. He wedged his phone in between his ear and his shoulder, gesticulating wildly at Sherlock with his now free hands. “Harry, no. I understand that it’s difficult for you, but there’s only so much I can do. No, listen.”
“Mph,” Mrs Safely had sighed absently as Sherlock stood on his tiptoes, clenching onto the front of the desk so as not to fall over. Even with being heightened by balancing precariously on his toes, it was still very difficult for him to see over and look at what the woman was doing. He was a very short child, and always had something to say about it when he acted as ‘piggy’ whilst playing Piggy in the Middle with his father and Mycroft. How was it fair that the smallest person was the one who bullied for their height? Tall people may have a few jokes thrown in their direction, but heaven forbid anyone be short. His growth spurt had occurred when he was fifteen. Now, he wouldn’t think twice before simply jumping over the reception and rifling through Mrs Safely’s files, but that was the present. The past was a different story entirely.
For a start, John hadn’t managed to establish how Sherlock had attained his injuries. But the one thing which was really preying on John’s mind was the fact that, despite living less than 30 seconds from Russell Square, Sherlock had opted for a park bench to sit at to tend to his injuries.
John shook his head quickly. “No, no. Sherlock, no.” He took the seat opposite Sherlock. “I read what you wrote. Pass the prawn crackers?”
“It couldn’t be.”
He looked up at John with slight smirk and a definite twinkle in his eye.
Mrs Hudson set the biscuit tin down next to Sherlock’s laptop, looking around.
There were too many businessmen and too many women with diamonds the size of a tennis ball balanced on their finger. There were too many Range Rovers and too many dinner parties, and while the wealth of the area made it a wonderful placed to live, John knew that it wasn’t where he and Rosie belonged.
And so, the day after Sherlock’s birthday, John awoke up with the sudden urge to do better.
Sherlock stood on the outskirts of the conversation, a deep frown sinking into his face. He looked between John and Mike, eyes narrowed, surveying them both closely.
“Oh, sorry. Off track a bit.” Sherlock smiles. “What I’m trying to say is that despite everything, no, because of everything, you don’t have to say what you were going to say because I already know.”
“Sir?” The man chuckled. “I’m much younger than you. And sir is so old-fashioned.” He turned his attention away from his graze and looked up at the man who was so desperately trying to help him. “Are you trying to get used to not being in… oh.”
From behind the shelf, Sherlock peered around the corner again. Both Jim and John had separated now, with John rubbing his face with his hand, smudging it a rich pink.
“You wouldn’t have had to see your sister if you didn’t want to-”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.”
"John," his voice caught in his throat, thick with the bile threatening to surge upwards. An ice cold wind whipped through his tousled hair, lifting various curls and throwing them left and right. With a particularly harsh gust, his scarf caught and began flying around his neck, exposing bare skin where his collar didn't quite manage to cover. But the prevailing shudder didn't phase him. He was numb to the world.
He remembered the reports Mycroft had allowed him to view once at the Diogenes Club.
The book landing in Sherlock's lap caused him to start suddenly. He was about to fire off a canon of profanities as he gripped onto the arm of the chair, glaring at the twat of a man before him - until he paused: Where were his manners?
“We’re friends,” he said, “which is not something I admit to lightly, but you also have a daughter. I am not a parent, nor am I ever likely to be one, but I understand that your child will always take precedence. I would be a pretty rubbish friend if I couldn’t understand that, so if you want to take Rosie home I will understand.”
“Be quiet,” Sherlock told him. “And kiss me again.”
The man nodded and finally let go. He took a step backwards and held out his hand.
Sherlock looked up and found John hovering in the doorway. He shifted his weight awkwardly from foot to foot, his fist clenching and unclenching at his side.
Soon enough, there was a small heap at the foot of the wall, and Sherlock wasted no time in pushing the window open ajar. He then turned to face John.
“I haven’t.”
John laughed. “It’s not a competition.”
“Well, yeah. You really need to go to the hospital, though. I don’t have the right materials to make you a cast. It could probably do with x-ray, too. Plus we need to report the assault to Lestrade.”
The second page collided with the bookshelf. It joined the cover on the ground.
“John, I don’t want to have this conversation.”
So, until John saw fit, Sherlock wasn’t working except for the few odd cases that drifted into his inbox. He had enjoyed solving a few of them: a vain woman in York was being catfished by her ex-girlfriend, who was using pictures of the victim but with photoshopped hair.
“I beg your pardon?”
“That…” John shook his head in total disbelief. “That was incredible. Bloody hell.”
The men grappled with the walkie-talkie, before their reply came through.
“Is that why you’re moving out, then?” He asked. “Have your flatmates all had enough of you stealing their things?”
20.	“I wanna be, wanna be where you are, I wanna feel, wanna feel twenty-one, going straight to my head like you used to. Wouldn't change anything that we've been through.” Straight to my Head, You Me At Six
“If I ever make it through this pandemic I’ll die at the hands of Mrs Hudson anyway,” he thought to himself, then took off back up the stairs with his and John’s takeaway.
John wanted to have a stab at brewing his own cider.
“Haven’t shown him the trick, then?” He asked, but John interrupted him.
Running his hand over the antenna, Sherlock pressed down on the PTT button which sat on the the side of the device. He couldn't help but as he brought the device closer to his mouth.
“Now, as to Bart’s… Mike heard that you were in Afghanistan. You didn’t tell him yourself, meaning that someone had mentioned it to Mike who knew both of you well. Someone who each of you would have perhaps seen on a regular basis, despite not seeing each other. Mike focuses on developing medicine. John, you followed the strictly physical route. It is likely, then, that you shared at least one module together before going your separate ways into your respective fields. The hospital which offers such a module to combine both courses is Bart’s.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I have. I’m the most selfish. When you jumped off St Bart’s Hospital I was a mess. I mourned my best friend. I didn’t know what I was going to do with myself. I was so lost and so numb and so angry that I didn’t follow you. That I couldn’t follow you. That I wasn’t strong enough to jump off that building immediately after you.”
“Our text messages are inconsequential,” he countered. “Not everything is about sex, you know. She has a new girlfriend – and Irene wanted to introduce me to her girlfriend’s brother.”
“No.”
John sniffed. “I don’t like it,” he said, voice muffled by Harry’s shoulder. “I want to go home.”
By far the most ludicrous of ideas was that John was the wolf, but that was completely absurd. Werewolves weren’t real, and if John was one Sherlock would definitely know about it.
Each had been an easy case to solve (it took Sherlock less than five minutes for each, and that included typing his response), but the money he received was good and he used it to order Rosie some new clothes and a few toys. He had sent them to John’s address anonymously, but the stuffed bee and the story book about Marie Curie had given him away.
He wanted it to end. He needed it to end.
Sherlock handed them over wordlessly and watched as John tore the bag open and dipped one straight into the curry sauce.
Fire destroyed. Sherlock created fire. Sherlock destroyed.
"You know why you need to wear the name badge, don't you?" Mrs Merriweather asked, leaning forwards. Whenever she spoke to Sherlock, she always adopted the voice of a woman who believed she was talking to someone below herself. Simply for the fact that he was younger than her.
He shuffled comfortably where he sat, legs tucked underneath him as he sunk further down into his favourite black armchair. From this spot he could just about make out the globe perched on its spindle, but that was only if he craned his neck far enough to peer around the slithers of bookshelves. He chanced a careful glance at it as he flicked over the pages of his latest book, just to check that it was still there, before carrying on with page 372.
Molly offered him a small, sheepish smile, which Sherlock did his best to return. It came out as a pained grimace.
"Look," she started, the harshness now gone from her voice in an exchange in attempting to be comforting. "Sherlock excels in everything he does, but I can't have him in Mutation. He becomes disruptive, restless, and an all round nuisance. If not for the sake of the others in the class, who actually need to be taught how to hone their Abilities, then at least let me take Sherlock out of this lesson for his own benefit. It's not fair on him. It's a difficult enough world for children without Abilities as it is, without putting them through two hours of learning about what they're supposed to be. I'm sorry, but it's all I can do."
“And I’m a Doctor,” John added. “I know how to look after him and I know what to do if it gets worse. Now please, stay away. I’ll get him to phone you later this evening.”
“John, get back,” she whispered urgently. John either chose to ignore her or simply didn’t hear her. “John, please. Get back.”
“I’ll be glad when all this is over,” Sherlock gasped, closing his eyes.
“Thank you for today,” Sherlock said as he hung his coat up.
“One against five?” Todd laughed. “I’m not worried about you. Tucker, Tony, if you’d do the honours.”
Sherlock scrunched his face up. The only information his brain could supply was that it felt exactly like when he was a child and Redbeard would lick his face.
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed, a little confused. “I do have magnets. John, you know I have magnets. You used to rearrange them to spell out rude words.”
“You are a bit obtuse.”
The wolf crossed to the wardrobe and pawed at it until it opened. He then stuck his whole face in the wardrobe and began rummaging around.
“No, I mean, well, there’re two rooms with beds in. So you can have your own bed, and I can have my own bed, if you, if you want,” John was blushing, and Sherlock was grinning.
John rolled his eyes as he came to the conclusion that Sherlock didn’t understand, shot him a glare, then stormed off out of the room.
Sherlock nodded, his whole body ached.
“I told my barber to do anything,” he explained, turning through a gap in fence that brought them onto a short expanse of trees and grass. “I needed a change, and becoming a Dad made me feel a bit… old.”
They saw the New Year in with a kiss, closing off the end of the decade with the promise of so many more adventures to come.
“Listen. Come to the zoo with us,” he said, looking up at Sherlock. “I’m a single parent. You’re providing adult company for me while I take my daughter to the zoo. It’s not out of the ordinary. You’d have come with me if Mary was still alive.”
“This him, Todd?” Asked one of the men. Sherlock looked up quickly, but couldn’t discern who had spoken. They were all so similar in appearance, save only for golden teeth and differing scars.
I hope you enjoy it!
“Oh?”
It was good that this was happening. Good that they were going their separate ways. Good.
“Is that a euphemism?” Sergeant Rose asked, looking between them both.
And so John had woken Sherlock, left Rosie with Mrs Hudson, and they’d set off for Hammersmith.
John took out his trusted notepad and pen and jotted down the date, time, and name. He knew full well that Sherlock didn’t require notes, so if he was directed into making them it meant that Sherlock deemed the case to be worthy of the blog.
“Are you really going to question my methods?” He asked, and John shook his head quickly.
“Don’t,” Sherlock whispered. “Please, don’t.”
“Whoops--”
Slowly, Sherlock made to stand up but the wolf was back on him in an instant. Sherlock screamed again, but it died as the wolf prodded Sherlock’s stomach with his nose.
John nodded, squeezing Sherlock’s hand gently. He knew that Sherlock was aware of this technique, they’d used it on victims before.
“You’re not going, are you?”
"She's, ah," he paused, leaning in slightly and keeping his voice low. "She's a bit particular about the badge... This is the third time I've lost it this month."
Harry leapt back over the brook and took John’s hand. John screamed at her, but in one swift motion Harry had scooped him up and was hugging him tightly, holding him close.
"Bring him in." She ordered, turning around to face Sherlock with her eyes sparkling. "What's his name? John Watson? And he's known for how long? How long? Dear me. Even though it's illegal? Teenagers, eh? Alright, yes. As quickly as you can." She winked at Sherlock, who shot back a scowl.
The wolf jumped back onto the bed and deposited it on Sherlock’s lap, using his snout to nudge it closer to him. Sherlock picked it up.
Within an instant, the classroom door swung open and his father's arms were around him, picking the screaming Sherlock up and tucking him under his body as he stooped, protecting him from the billowing smoke. As they darted through the classroom and towards the fire exit, more eruptions of great powerful flames leapt up from other areas, completely unconnected to the corridor.
“I know who Elisabeth is,” John chuckled, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand as he unfurled the paper.
In other news, I am now unemployed! Not just furloughed, but unemployed unemployed, which is very bad news for my coffee obsession (amongst other things, but let’s just focus on the coffee). So, if anyone would like to contribute to buying me a coffee, I’ve set up one of those buy me a coffee thing :)
“Oh come on, babe, you know I didn't mean it like that,” Jim started, as John folded his arms across his chest. Jim leaned forward and wrapped his arm around John’s shoulder, pulling him closer into him so they were mere millimetres apart. Sherlock could see the tips of John’s ears going pink. “You're one of my best men; if you weren't then I wouldn't have promoted you as highly as I did. You being able to read as just a… bonus,” he grinned.
John ignored him.
“That’s not what I meant at all,” John bit back. “I’m unhappy with you because you’re an annoying, selfish, condescending prick.”
Anyway! How was that? Any response is welcome, and much appreciated.
Not that it mattered anymore.
Mycroft agreed to meet him that afternoon.
12.	“Well I've seen you in jeans with no make-up on and I've stood there in awe as your date for the prom. I'm blessed as a man to have seen you in white, but I've never seen anything quite like you tonight.” Never Seen Anything “Quite Like You”, The Script
John chuckled, looking down at the memory stick.
John watched him thoughtfully, thinking over the situation. After a few moments, he said:
"Look," he started softly. "I know you were excited today. And I don't blame you. It was an interesting case. Time was important. But you have to learn not to run off. Those two... Who tried to follow you-" Sherlock went pale and John swallowed. Deaths didn't usually effect Sherlock this much, but John supposed his current mood came as a result of Mrs Hudson. Even John felt a twang of guilt when she'd said that she was ashamed of Sherlock. "It's not your fault that they followed you. You told them not to. I know you did. I heard you, and so did Anderson. He's backing you up with this one, believe it or not. Although I'm not sure whether that helps you or not."
John could make head nor tail of it.
John stormed back into the room, breathing hard and red faced. The phone was missing now, and John threw himself into his red arm chair, his hand immediately going to cover his face.
“I love you,” Sherlock replied. He took John’s free hand. “And maybe I don’t have to be completely happy in my job,” he said, looking down at his and John’s hands. “Because I know that as long as I have you, I’ll be the happiest man in the world.”
As Sherlock reread the article, he pressed his gum to the back of his teeth and chewed it uninterestedly. It was flavourless now. He took it out of mouth and stuck it behind the wooden frame encasing the article. By now he estimated that there were at least twenty chewed up pieces of gum behind each of the four frames.
Soon enough, John Watson lay sprawled across the bed, butt-naked and snoring loudly. Underneath him lay a thick blanket of fur.
Stay safe!
Sherlock chewed his lip.
Both Molly and John looked up at him in surprise.
I really hope you enjoyed this chapter and if you’d like to leave a kudos, please do!
“Can I? That’s good to know,” Sherlock said absent-mindedly.
"How about with me?"
“You’re a Saint, John. Honestly. I don’t know how you put up with him. I’d have checked him in somewhere by now.”
"Yes it does," John nodded. "You need to go to bed," he added, checking his watch. "So how about hot chocolate and a hug?"
“That’s a lie,” Sherlock repeated, straightening up. He pivoted his body in his seat to face John and Rosie, throwing his legs over the arm of the chair. “You’re lying. You weren’t going to the zoo.”
In any case, Sherlock had broken their dysfunctional relationship off when he returned to the UK, and it was around that time that he realised that he deserved more.
“Okay,” he said, looking up at John. His hands fell to the arms of his chair.
He remembered Mary, informing him as she informed the rest of the church of their daughter’s name. It transpired later that Mary had named Rosie after herself, and while Rosie had taken that name and shirked it of ever belonging to her mother (“were you named after Rosamund Pike?”), John knew that should he have had the option he would have named Rosie something else entirely.
John frowned. Sherlock wasn’t about to run away on him. No way. He’d been waiting far, far too long.
He decided in that moment that he must apologise to John more profusely for locking him in that lab in Baskerville. Being in a confined space with a massive hound was possibly the scariest thing to ever happen to him, and he’d been beaten to a pulp a few hours earlier.
Hello. Just about made it within the next day goal lol. Today has been hectic. This chapter is a little slow, sorry! But it’s the last one tomorrow! :D
Harry leapt over a small brook and turned back to John, who was watching the brown water uneasily. For Harry with her longer, grown-up legs the width of the brook was barely a problem but for John, who was already deathly frightened of the dark forest and the thought of never seeing his beloved teddy again, the brook was a raging river with a roaring current which threatened to drag him under. He shook his head.
"Yes, the writing is fine," Mrs Merriweather said through pursed lips. "Quite advanced for a six year old, actually. What isn't fine however, is the drawing of a bee taking up most of the page, along with what I can only presume is a pirate ship." She jabbed her neatly manicured index finger at the bee's sting, which seemed to be shooting lasers at a stick figure with 'Jason' scrawled next to it.
Stuffing the walkie talkie into his pocket, Sherlock smirked, keeping an eye on the two men as he raised his right index finger. Within an instant, a small flame had come into being, dancing atop the invisible wick as his finger acted as candle. Still watching them, he stuck out his tongue in concentration as he balanced on his tip toes, pointing the finger at the fire alarm of the ceiling.
“I know.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“John, don’t do this to yourself,” he said quietly. “Please. We can talk about it later.”
His clothes weren't expensive, as Sherlock had already noted, but with an apparently wealthy boyfriend he should be able to afford finer things to wear. Or rather, be bought more expensive things. Yet, he remained in the cheaper brands. Why was that? Was it all clothing from before they'd gotten together? Or was John really not much of a scrounger? But the shoes were expensive. Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock was cold a lot more than he let on. John had tried to persuade him to start wearing jumpers more often, his cotton shirts under a tight blazer doing little to keep the in the warmth. The coat helped, but John could see that Sherlock was freezing.
“Sherlock, how far into your overdraft are you?”
A home was supposed to be a place of relaxation; a home was supposed to be a place where a person was able to be their complete self with no hindrance.
“No. Unsurprising, though, really. Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
Sherlock’s brows knitted together, not understanding any of what John was telling him. Had he missed out on something crucial? It wouldn't have been the first time. He remained silent, waiting for John to explain properly.
He couldn’t get a tiny, nagging sensation out of the back of his head. The harder and longer he thought about, the more ridiculous his theories became.
John stepped out into the January air and was for a moment thankful that he was carrying both his and Sherlock’s coffees, their warmth thawing his hands as though he’d placed them on radiators. White clouds sat heavily across the sky, but it was still a relatively bright day. Earlier than usual for the time of year, snowdrops were sprouting along the grassy verges of the car park and the green stalks of daffodils were popping out of the ground, signaling that winter was soon to be over.
“I’m tired,” He whined petulantly, kicking through a puddle. “Carry me, Harry.” He reached up for his older sister, but she ignored him.
“Sherlock, is it that?” John asked, voice quieter now. The wind pelting Sherlock’s face diminished as John blocked it, now only several inches in front of him. “You can tell me. Is this why you've been acting differently lately? You think I don't appreciate you? Is that it?”
“There are whispers,” Sherlock said, turning back around to face him. “Yesterday I caught a few of them, and I’m afraid I can’t be any clearer than that, as I am only beginning to put the pieces together myself. There is something dark on the horizon, John, and we are better facing it together than we are apart.”
John shook his head. “No, no. Come on. What’s after the A… A3… what was it again?”
Sherlock shook his head, closing his eyes. He was shivering now, and John rubbed his arm.
“Wait, you’ve met serial killers?” He asked, following Sherlock back up the stairs.
"You could at least look like you've been in a fire," Sherlock told him as his feet slammed against the foyer floor.
“You needed the adrenaline. You needed something to take your mind off everything that was going on inside your head. You needed to be cured of the boredom rattling around your brain. You’ve never wanted to help me. Never,” his voice shook with the last word, confidence breaking down to be replaced with the self-doubt spilling through, like a dam that had remained standing for such a long time finally giving way.
“Yes, Tord, how are you?” John asked, and they soon lapsed into conversation about work, house decorating, whether John had any fatherly tips he could impart to Tord and whether the dog, Anne, had her puppies yet.
“Urm, should we exchange phone numbers or something?” Sherlock asked hesitantly, and John nodded quickly, falling out of his trance.
“I love you,” John whispered to Sherlock as the sky lit up with every colour. “I know it’s probably too early to say, but…”
“Really?” He asked, and John nodded quickly.
“That’s…” he began. “Impossible. You’re…”
Then he finally let go, and John gasped for air. With one quick movement, Sherlock had spun John around, bouncing him onto his knee and was carrying him in his arms, hurrying towards the exit.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, “but Mycroft has the signet ring, I don’t.”
,” John’s messy handwriting began, like shorthand elongated and warped into narrow italics. It was barely eligible.
Outside the classroom, Sherlock was laying on the floor with his ear pressed to the crack under the door. He felt awful. He was proud of that drawing, too, and had wanted to ask if he could take it home for Redbeard and Mycroft to see. Mycroft would appreciate it, at least. That much he did know.
Mrs Hudson could hardly contain her excitement.
"Sorry," he managed, surprised at how strong his voice was. There was no trace of any misery behind his utterance, but he was glad for it. Being confident had always been his biggest lie; his most perfectly executed defensive mechanism that always sprung to life the moment he felt challenged. As it turned out, admitting defeat with John was another excuse for his over-exaggerated and completely false self-confidence to shine.
“Meaning that you only hired me for my looks,” John pointed out. “Honestly Jim, I had no idea you were so deceitful--”
Sherlock flinched. Visibly. And John shrunk.
"Why?" He asked, half laughing. "I can walk, you know."
John shrugged and nodded.
13.	“Hoping for the fame: don't let him taste it. He's been stealing dreams nine to five, Monday to Friday. I'mma tell the story my way cause the only way home ain’t on this yellow brick highway.” No Place Like Home, Todrick Hall
Mrs Hudson stood up.
“Thanks…?” He said uncertainly, and the wolf licked his hand.
John took a step closer, and Sherlock stuck his finger into the fire. With a sooty hand, he then smeared it across John's forehead, jumper, and hair. John glared at him the whole time he was doing it.
Mrs Hudson turned to leave, full of hope for her favourite tenant, but she paused on the way out.
Growing bored of the files, he turned his attention towards the wall behind him. Painted white, it featured all of Mrs Merriweather's greatest achievements as depicted by various trashy newspapers. Sherlock's stomach rolled over as he remembered the events leading up to every single one of them being published.
“I wasn’t hurting when Mary shot you,” John replied. “I hurt when I found out you’d been shot and I hurt a great deal more when I found out who had shot you and I should have left her right then. I should’ve done. It’s my fault.”
They saw the news paper article before anything else. Pushed through the letterbox, a shouting match had sprung up between Sherlock and Mycroft about who was going to pick it up off the welcome mat and take it to Mr Holmes in his study. Their mother had yelled for them both to do it, and a few moments later had rushed in to find a singed newspaper and a haggard Mycroft attempting to calm down a very distressed Sherlock.
Sometimes he would wake up in the middle of the night, parched, and would quietly head downstairs for a cup of tea and a biscuit. He kept them stocked up in the cupboard, just in case, to keep him company while he watched the pictures on screen without really hearing them. He had discovered a secret love of railway journey documentaries, however, and took solace in the fact that no matter how awful his day had been there were always at least ten train documentaries recorded.
Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock frowned, but accepted the rejection all the same.
"Depends on who it's with."
Hi. A while ago, I ran an instagram account (sherloco_in_the_coco). On it, I wrote a series of ‘crappy fanfics’, which were essentially 500 word ficlets based on various prompts.
Lestrade was walking over now, two other officers at his side.
“Have I?”
The pair stared at one another, and Sherlock noted how incredibly tired the boy looked. He was muscular, Sherlock could tell from the force of his hand's trying to push Sherlock's hand down and out of the way. Yet he was short, only coming up to Sherlock's chin as Sherlock glared down at him. Sherlock could feel the boy's lips beneath his hand, parted - he'd been about to shout when Sherlock grabbed him.
But now normality was crawling back into London, like snowdrops springing to life through the blanket of snow signalling the changing seasons. The sun shone as John knocked on the door, and Sherlock opened it almost immediately.
And then he entered this therapist’s house.
He couldn’t believe he’d stumbled into his soulmate at the park, only for him to be a mutual friend. The normality of it made him want to puke. He may as well have met John at a wedding, it equated to the same level of mundaneness.
On the one hand, the zoo would be full of irritating parents and their snot-nosed offspring. On the other, John and Rosie would be there.
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes, inhaling deeply.
John couldn’t stop smiling. He had just dropped Rosie off at the best nursery, the sun was shining, and after his appointment with his therapist he was going to head straight to Baker Street to solve crimes and receive one of the best blow jobs he’d ever received.
The was still no sign of John.
Sherlock hesitated. They were still shaking hands. He quickly retracted it. John could see that he was shaking.
Sherlock leaned back and traced her thumb over her bottom lip. "I thought I'd give it a go," she mused aloud, just as John sat up and pulled Sherlock onto her lap.
John nodded.
“Well, last night was the first time.”
Mrs Hudson would have considered herself a fool if she hadn’t realised what was going on between Sherlock and John. She had known it the moment John had walked into Baker Street that day; Sherlock could offer some intricate deduction filled with needlessly scientific facts about John’s right shoe’s aglet, but she didn’t need any of that. She knew the expression of a man who was both determined and in love.
I'm really sorry that's taken so long. I've recently started sixth-form, so it's kinda taking me a while to get myself into gear with other stuff, such as writing.
John paused. That wasn’t his handwriting.
“Everyone always talks about how perfect meeting their soulmate is and how clear the world becomes. Very few will admit the pounding headache as new chemicals flood the brain. They seek to  romanticise an event which is simply a universal, scientific truth. People have been known to faint, and of course there’s the odd seizure but I don’t think you’re at risk of that. What’s your name?” The man asked.
“Bye, Mr John,” Nate called as John left. “And bye to you too, little Miss Rosie.”
John marched towards the biscuits, which were stacked next to the washing up liquid.
He finished sending a text and put his phone down.
When John had originally bought the soft pink Polaroid camera, Sherlock had scoffed. According to her, John was simply trying to blend in. John decided not to point out that as an 18 year old girl, it was perfectly acceptable for her to follow the reprised teenage trends. The moment it had come in the post she'd immediately become latched onto it, which is how she came to be standing a short way down the stream from Sherlock, peering through the lens and smiling at a rather magnificent view.
Sherlock grunted. He needed to get up, to see what the damage was, to find John.
She had seen it in the faces of the protesters in the marches she had attended in her youth – that powerful desperation for change that came with the passion of the protest.
“He’ll love it,” John sighed, smiling. “He’ll really love it.”
He frowned at her name and picture as he looked at it, before moving onto the next one.
John was too wrapped up in the memory to hear the present-day Sherlock saying his name.
“God, Sherlock. I’m sorry, that was,” he started, but Sherlock pecked him to shut him up.
John started laughing again as they stepped out of the alleyway and John’s halls came into sight. A concrete cube, it reminiscent of the brutalist architecture J.G. Ballard wrote about. Small, square, tired-looking windows peered out across the campus from where they were set back in the pebbledash block. Regimented in their separation, they signified an equality with which John couldn’t quite connect. The rooms inside were all the same, all equally cramped and unhomely, designed in bulk to make life easy for the builders and the accommodation team.
“This is from Rosie, as a thank you for the clothes and toys.”
Sherlock grabbed the headboard again, turning his face against it and shaking all over.
“It’s just my leg…” Sherlock answered, wincing as he sat up.
Nobody bothered him when he was with a book, and even when he was prowling the shelves in search of a new read no one gave him a second glance. Nobody spoke to him, either. It was as though he was invisible. He was never knocked; never chastised; never forced into doing the things that he didn't want to do. Mycroft didn't disturb him. He hadn't seen him since he'd first walked through the great wooden doors, in fact. Something that Sherlock was most definitely not complaining about.
"I've never been in a fire so I wouldn't bloody know," John spat back, apparently not appreciating the fact that he was being carried. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was that laugh again. Sherlock really needed to get that under control. The small chuckle he did when he was in disbelief; telling people he wasn't taking the situation seriously when in actual fact he was doing the opposite. Yet the ill humoured chuckle still rolled of his tongue as he stared past John and towards the sky where the grey clouds tumbled over one another, being pushed around by the wind. It was going to rain again soon.
Sherlock frowned and reached over, feeling for the wolf. Instead, his hand fell upon a very hairy human chest. Sherlock stilled.
Sherlock watched from where he sat as the head librarian, Mrs Safely, made her way over to the newcomer.
“No,” he said, grinning at Sherlock. “That rumour started when people who weren’t werewolves started worrying that werewolves were evil,” he explained, “something about not wanting to lose control. They didn’t want to upset the apple cart, if you will. If you get bitten by a werewolf you’ll die, depending on the blood loss.”
John watched as Sherlock wiped his finger across the mantel piece’s puckered stab wounds.
It was the strangest, most unnerving feeling, being tucked into bed without knowing exactly who was trying to give comfort. The hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck prickled, and through the effort of hauling himself up, the fact that his whole body felt like it was being crushed, and the fear which flooded him, Sherlock began shivering.
Please do your best to stay safe! If you’ve been told to social distance, social distance! Don’t shout at retail workers!
Sherlock’s fingers curled into the fur and he closed his eyes. It was warm. So, so, warm.
“This is ridiculous,” he mumbled, watching the wolf as it bit the duvet and dragged it up over Sherlock’s legs again.
“Don’t be so drastic, Dad, there’s nothing wrong.” She beamed excitedly at Tord. “We’ve settled on a name for our daughter.”
Sherlock lay Rosie in the cot and turned around.
John laughed. Actually laughed.
“Who’s Ella?”
“Oh, well, it happened the normal way,” John said, pouring boiling water into a mug.
But John could still see the fear. He could still sense it, even with Rosie held between them and her tiny grunts as she tried to grab onto John’s hand, John was fully aware of how tense Sherlock had become since their conversation started.
7.	“The sticks and the stones that you used to throw have built me an empire, so don't even try to cry me a river. ‘Cause I forgive you. You are the reason I still fight.” - Throne, Bring Me The Horizon
On the bedside table, however, next to a framed photograph of John’s late parents, was an A5 notepad, with a black biro sat on the cover. It was peach in colour, and Sherlock recognised it as a cheap one from the local newsagents. It had been bought in a hurry, then, but not spur of the moment. The notepads were always buried on the bottom shelf in the far corner of the shop, beneath the assortment of pens and rulers. John would have had to be searching for it for him to buy it.
John nodded and set the lamp down. “Oh. I’ll get you some more painkillers.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever heard you say that before,” John chuckled, sipping his tea.
All Sherlock could do was stare.
Sherlock closed the door behind him. Downstairs, he could hear as John’s first Skype appointment rang out. He sighed quietly and leaned back against the door.
“You can talk to me, you know,” John said later that evening. They sat in front of the fire, Sherlock plucking at the strings of his violin. Rosie was asleep upstairs.
They snogged for a short while, simply enjoying one another’s company and the moments peace they’d managed to find in the chaos of the day.
“3, 2…”
Rant over.
Sherlock unfolded it.
“Lead the way.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, trying to sit up again. “Sound carries too easily from my room. Your patients won’t want to hear someone dying in the background, will they? It would destroy your credibility. And I need to sleep. Your room has a bed.”
“Done,” John agreed.
It was still curious though. Why was he acting like this? As though Sherlock had properly wounded him? It was just a simple punch. If Sherlock had really wanted to hurt him then he'd have a lot more to complain about. Sherlock's brows furrowed as he scrutinised him, still mere centimetres from John's left ear.
“Oh.” Sherlock put down his chopsticks. “And?”
But thank you for reading this far! It means a LOT! If you feel like leaving a comment, please do :)
Sherlock smiled, but concern still plagued him.
It was a simple statement, and there were plenty of cases to back it up. Such as the time he'd gotten annoyed and set Mycroft's hair on fire, or (more recently), when he'd accidentally let his emotions get out of hand while chasing someone who he knew had done something unforgivable.
Ordering a takeaway wasn’t a rarity for them. Sherlock found cooking boring and John was terrible at it. Sherlock recalled with some fondness the time John had attempted to cook a roast dinner and managed to burn everything except the stuffing, which remained resolutely sloppy in the oven alongside the blackened chicken.
Large blue eyes stared back at Sherlock, wider than was perhaps normal for them and shocked confusing rippling from his whole being. Dirty blonde hair swept across his head, untidily poking in different directions. Mrs Merriweather had completely missed John's disappearance.
The wolf licked Sherlock’s face again.
“When did you know that you… that you were interested in me?” John clarified.
He deserved to be in a proper, real, committed relationship.
“There she is,” John beamed, abandoning the conversation and helping Molly pull Rosie out of the baby carrier.
“John wants to come on cases again, and is considering leaving his GP practice. Mary left him a lot of money, but he’s been spending most on it on getting his hair cut to that quiff, and I want John to come on cases again, and I would also like John and Rosie to move in here.”
They stood on the corner of Mall Road in Hammersmith, the blunted knife edge of Central London. A police cordon blocking the lower portion of the street which backed onto the Thames.
“Good. If you're thinking of leaving, you need to let me know,” the threatening tone in Jim’s voice caused Sherlock to take a step backwards. What had, really only a few seconds ago, been an apparently perfectly happy relationship, was turning sour before his eyes. John wasn't looking at Jim, but Jim still hooked his index finger and placed under John’s chin, lifting his head. “Remember what happened last time?”
“Right.”
The man chuckled.
Harry rolled her eyes. “You won’t die. Just jump, I’ll catch you. Or better yet just step over it. It’s not that deep, and you could do with a bath.”
She bustled off back down the hallway.
h)	Regular BBC Universe
"Let me go! I need to speak to Sherlock Holmes!"
"Think of it as payback for you punching me," he offered, before pausing. "Who told you about me?" He quizzed, eyebrows narrowing. John's smile dropped, and he frowned.
He heard a huff, and something wet was pressed against his forehead. Sherlock yelled and jerked away.
“Baker Street is never quiet with you there,” he chuckled. “But, okay, we’ll come back to Baker Street with you. Only for a few hours though and be warned, Rosie is teething and is extremely grumpy. Molly said that she’s been crying most of the day. Mary and I used to joke that she was straight out of a horror film, the amount of screaming she used to do.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“Which day?”
“Where were you in November, 2013?” Sherlock asked. John frowned, as did Sergeant Rose.
“No, you can't. Can you?” Sherlock said, smile faltering as he chanced a glance back towards John. His head was tilted slightly, face heavily lined with confusion, and there were those eyes again. Narrowed as he tried to work Sherlock out: it was so easy. So easy to read the hesitation. Sherlock sighed. “Well that's one thing I've got going for me, I suppose.”
“The bag…” John groaned. “I was in such a rush I-“
“I’ll leave you boys to it,” she said, automatically gathering Sherlock’s empty mug as well as her own before she bustled off into the kitchen.
“I know it’s a lot to take in,” he said after a few moments, crouching down next to Sherlock. “I understand that. I was young when I found out, so it didn’t make an enormous amount of difference to me, but for the adult it can be quite disturbing to realise that the myths and legends were partially true.”
Sherlock leaned into him further, resting his head on John's shoulder. John practically felt the ground shake beneath him as another crack formed. "So, she shouted at me because she wouldn't have anyone to write about in her will if I died?" He asked quietly, unable to keep the incredulousness out of his voice and keeping his gaze fixed on the same place. "And not because two people, two, trainee police officers, died because of me?"
In response to her question, he grunted, shrugging his shoulders and folding his arms, sliding further down into the plastic chair.
"What am I supposed to be looking at?" John turned to face Sherlock, who rolled her eyes in annoyance. "Sorry, Sherlock, but if I don't know what I'm supposed to be looking at, then I can't..."
“So, you two know each other then?” He asked haughtily, interrupting the conversation with his arms folded across his chest.
“Rules?” John queried.
He held it up, and Sherlock only then took in what it actually was. As he read the cover, he blinked profusely. That probably wasn't good.
Mrs Hudson decided that John was a very petty man who definitely didn’t deserve Sherlock, and next time she saw him she would tell him exactly what she thought.
“I didn’t know you smoked,” Nate said, sliding the cabinet behind the counter open and retrieving the cigarettes. “Very bad for your health, and the pictures are gross. Do you want the black lungs or the woman with no teeth?” Nate held up two packets for John to see.
“I don’t have an overdraft.”
“Yes, it was,” Sherlock agreed. “Utterly dreadful.”
Through the pages of thick, hardbound copies of tales about adventurers, to small paperbacks of a little known author with stunning originality; Sherlock relished in what each book had to offer him. Lapping up every story he could lay his hands on, and then finding his favourite, most secluded spot and settling down with his chosen book. He loved it, but he was quickly running out of things to read.
Sherlock shrugged. “You tell me. I’m a recovering drug addict who’s being babysat more or less 24 hours a day, and you’re a grief stricken widow with a boring job, a lovely daughter, and a house in the suburbs.”
The taller teenager's eyelashes fluttered as she closed her eyes, exhaling out steadily through her nose before she kissed back, humming quietly to herself.
“That you don't know what goes on in my head,” Sherlock replied shortly. “That you have no idea what I think, or who I think it about. I know where you go, John. When you vanish without a word. And I don't mind. Why should I? I mean, it's not like we’re together, or anything. You can date whoever you'd like. Why should I care?”
She straightened up, brushing ash from her purple pencil skirt and repositioning her gold-rimmed glasses.
“Don’t you just want to throttle him?”
Todd’s fist collided with Sherlock’s stomach.
He wanted to nurse his elbow, help with the circulation a bit, but the rain was beginning to fall and they had to get inside, back into the beach chalet where Sherlock’s parents and Rosie were waiting for them.
“I can’t believe you’re really arguing about a potential garden shag,” he said. “And who cares? They won’t start without us.”
“If it’s a quiff, it’s a very small quiff.”
He imagined holidays where they could express themselves freely, away from the prying eyes of the man’s wife and away from the gossiping staff.
“John won’t spend nights here,” Sherlock told Mrs Hudson quickly, watching Rosie while she slept. “And John’s going to continue seeing this new therapist of his. Oh, and I’m going back to see Ella.”
No, it wasn't with any of their permission that Sherlock's Ability was announced. It was his formidable teacher who'd phoned the press.
But he was going to try to do better. He was. He was going to try and he was going to show Sherlock that he actually didn’t hate him and that he had never really meant to hurt him. Not really. Sherlock had been high and dangerous to everyone in that morgue, including himself. John’s anger had been directed at the wrong person and he knew he was in the wrong and the only thing he could do was apologise.
“I am Mycroft’s spy, in a way. But you shouldn't make fun of people’s jobs, so be quiet,” John retaliated with a smirk, to which Sherlock laughed. “I'm trying to repay you.”
Within the few narrow nanoseconds it took for John to register what had happened and managing to take full advantage of John's stall: Sherlock retook his previous position of pinning John against the wall, hand pressed against his shoulder and pushing the distressed teenager further in to the matt-white, holding him there and rendering him helpless as a result. John wheezed, apparently winded from Sherlock's punch. After ensuring that there were no other possible attempts John could make to harm Sherlock, Sherlock leaned in and opened his mouth to speak, but John beat him to it.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to do this...” he said. “Not here.”
But John’s heart was swelling with so much love for the bond his daughter and his best friend shared that he barely heard what Sherlock said.
John smiled slightly.
“But we need to.”
“I know what I read in a dossier,” John replied quietly. “I don’t know what happened to you.”
Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side.
The shouting had ended when John had pointed out that Sherlock frequently left him in the dark during cases, brought his attention back around to locking him in a lab in Baskerville, and then reminded him that he had actually saved Sherlock’s life the previous night.
"Yes...?" John nodded, frowning slightly as she leaned forward in a feeble attempt to get closer to it. If she pretended to be amazed at Sherlock's spectacular find, then Sherlock would either call her bluff or expect her to know every topic of the one under question. Neither of these options were especially brilliant, so John opted instead for the truth.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock ducked down and kissed John’s cheek. His hand closed around John’s.
However, his blackened bruises had largely faded and his eye was improving all the time, but his body still ached. He was tired a lot, and his teeth felt strangely gritty after the about of sugar John had offered him.
John’s eyes widened as Sherlock spoke. “How did you…”
Lestrade had been vague on the phone and all he and Sherlock had talked about in the cab was how to trick Rosie into eating more vegetables.
“Really?”
“But you’ve spoken to Mycroft,” Sherlock stated, finally meeting John’s gaze. “You know what happened.”
“But-” Sherlock started, but John silenced him again.
I didn’t say it in the first chapter, but I’m currently taking fanfic requests. These are totally free, and they’re being done in the hope of cheering people up during this chaotic pandemic.
“That’s definitely…”
He’d even blamed Sherlock for Mary’s death, and Sherlock hadn’t had chance to explain himself before John steamrollered over their friendship with his mourning.
"I have time," he scowled back, but John shook his head.
Slowly, the wall began to tumble.
The police officer was a tall man, around 6 foot 2 and incredibly lanky. With a face marred by acne scars and scabs from a bad shave, for a moment John thought that the police officer was a teenager in fancy dress.
Beneath the ground floor however, it was a much different story. Long rooms stretched for miles, and Mycroft had once told Sherlock that right at the very bottom were dungeons where they kept troublesome children who wouldn't go to their meetings. Although now he though about it, that was probably a lie. But the building did stretch for miles under ground, and that was the only remnants of the old building.
“But what about all that stuff with Irene Adler?” John asked, his laugh lighting up his face. “All that texting business.”
Sherlock moved easily, and from the position of his hand John could feel Sherlock’s heartbeat race a mile a minute.
He was roughly the same height as Jim, but the two couldn't have been more different. While Jim's hair was the colour of the dark night sky, John's was the fading grey of the moon. Light, bright, with the same discoloured white. Yet there were still traits of blond leaking through.
Despite his aptitude for judging the moves people would make, John's fist colliding with the side of Sherlock's face momentarily disengaged him from all other thoughts running through his head. As such, he stumbled backwards, trying to regain his hazy balance. Even through the initial pain of being punched however,  it didn't take long for Sherlock's natural instincts to kick in, and he returned in full force upon the unwitting opposition, nestling his balled fist in the crook of John's solar plexus.
It was a small, squashed room. The bookshelf was empty, as was the wardrobe of which the doors were wide open. John shifted some boxes away from the bed so that there would be enough room for Sherlock to sit and for John to attend the wounds, then began exploring.
It was no understatement to say that Sherlock loved John’s legs. The taller teenager loved burying her face into the inside of John’s thigh and blowing raspberries, making John gasp and giggle; her cheeks would flush, and Sherlock tell her that the pink in her cheeks was the prettiest colour. She'd kiss each stretch mark, each mole and each insecurity that John had, holding her hand the whole time and telling her how much she was loved.
John grabbed the notebook and scrunched it in his fist, the cover crumpling in his hand. He ripped it off, which loosened and bent the staples which bound the paper.
Mrs Hudson gaped at him, insulted to her very core.
Sherlock pulled his phone from his trouser pocket and John mimicked him. They exchanged numbers swiftly, and John smiled when he noticed that throughout their interaction Sherlock had developed a deep crimson blush.
“That means shit, Sherlock,” John chuckled, ignoring the broken lift and shoulder barging the doorway to the staircase open. A cold draft greeted him, tumbling down the ten flights of stairs.
“But never in wolf form,” John replied. “The first time was tonight.”
Sherlock watched from afar, and a part of him immediately regretted running off. He wanted to prove John right and Jim wrong. If he’d stayed, Jim would’ve looked like an idiot, and Sherlock really did like making people look like idiots.
Mrs Hudson nodded slowly.
Having regathered himself somewhat, he pulled it out to find a text from Mrs Merriweather, which he instinctively greeted with a groan.
“Oh, they’re in love,” Mrs Hudson replied softly. “They need time alone to celebrate it. Wedding days are always difficult for spending quality time together.”
He had no plans to tell neither John nor Mrs Hudson the truth, but he enjoyed contemplating their reactions.
And suddenly, all the good intentions John had held as he’d walked into Baker Street vanished.
“Yeah.”
John would have his gun, and Sherlock would be okay. Because he was always, relatively fine whenever John was around.
He knew that voice.
In three weeks he’d surpassed 1 million subscribers.
“I know.” Sherlock nodded, turning to face him. “But I didn’t lie to you. I just omitted the whole truth.”
As he expected, Sherlock shook his head.
“I am bloody running!” Harry shouted back, the taste of iron filling her mouth as she ran as fast as she could, jumping over a-
John kissed Sherlock again as the music started playing, the band having given up waiting for them.
The man’s voice faltered, his eyes softened. Where his brows were once furrowed they were now raised, something akin to wonder etched across his face.
The rest of the notebook’s sheets they’d used for toilet paper.
It wasn't as though Sherlock wasn't used to confrontations. He very often took part in back alley fights, perfecting his kick boxing skills on cocky teenagers who thought that just because they watched the wrestling they were automatically heavyweight champions. Besides, it gave Sherlock the perfect opportunity to vent some of his annoyance as well as keeping friendly with the darker side of London - although that usually meant depositing his winnings in their spare change boxes, and occasionally solving the odd case for them there and then, as well as a few other helpful tasks that he didn't mind carrying out for them.
The cool water of the stream ran past John’s ankles and she wriggled her toes as she looked down, taking a quick picture of the way the water curved around her legs. With the cloudless sky and the searing sun beating down on their date, John was thankful for the coolness of the stream. It ran past smoothly, gliding past her legs and babbling away merrily to itself.
“Oh for God’s sake, will you drop the trust fund? I don’t plan on using it.”
“No, I’m alright. Just thinking,” Sherlock replied.
In a small sort of way, Sherlock was almost glad that he was ill so that it distracted him from not doing anything. On the other hand, vanishing for several months also had a massive appeal right now.
“As far as I’ve been told,” Sherlock replied.
“What for?” Sherlock asked, his right knee bouncing out of control. He pulled away slightly and looked up at John. “I’m fine, I’m sure I’m just coming down with a cold.”
“I’m not worried about being happy. I’m worried about not being happy.”
“John?” He tried again. “John.”
John had sighed and scratched his forehead.
Unlike the previous day, the silence between them wasn’t tense. At lunch, the silence had been punctuated with awkward interruptions from Molly and adorable hiccups from Rosie. Now it felt pleasant. Calm. Like things were slowly creeping back to normal despite their conversation and despite the overwhelming impact it would have on their lives from there on out.
He reached across the bed and picked up the notebook. Flicking to the next clear page, he grabbed the biro off the floor and began writing.
“He really did get ready in a hurry,” Sherlock thought to himself, watching John from the corner of his eye. “He’s even put mismatched socks on Rosie.”
Sherlock frowned.
“Just hear me out. I got another job, and by another job I mean I've been helping out Mycroft. This is on top of working at the surgery and working as your blogger - which I know for a fact you secretly like,” he added with a grin, and Sherlock was forced to chew back a guilty smile. “It's just a few evenings a week. Mainly it's sitting in bars and watching people, then reporting back to him.”
“Me too,” John mumbled, taking a step back. “Me too.”
“No, Sherlock. Forget it.”
John blinked.
John yawned, and Sherlock watched in horror as the thick hair began to fall out in his hands. Clump after clump of thick wolf fur simply bunched up in Sherlock’s hands.
John rolled his eyes, kissing Sherlock one final time before speaking.
Sherlock watched him.
“What do you mean? ‘No’?”
Sherlock blushed slightly.
“You want me to tell you how I know you were lying so that you don’t have to say what you were originally going to say. And I understand. It’s tricky. It’s difficult. Sometimes, and I believe I speak for both of us here, our feelings overtake our thoughts and sometimes, against all rationale, we find ourselves grappling with our imagination pertaining to the wondrous opportunities of what could be and the dire consequences of what is more likely to happen.
“But then how…?”
"You know it's bloody cold, John," Sherlock whined, unable to shake off the stupid grin that had worked its way onto her face. "Get off me before I throw you in, too."
He had sat silently through the whole of John’s story, listening with bated breath. He had, however, thoroughly enjoyed the image of toddler John dragging Harry into the forest to look for his lost teddy.
“Moving?” John asked, side-stepping past a large cardboard box blocking the doorway into Sherlock’s bedroom.
“All will be revealed in due course,” Sherlock replied. “Anyway, we need to talk.”
“Tommo, come on!”
“But what if you had?” John asked. “What if you had? And then you came back and I hurt you. I was so angry. I was so, so angry, and you were still injured. Mycroft showed me the files. I know the basis. Sherlock, that infection-“
“Everything okay?” He asked cautiously, not daring to even look for the notebook or follow John’s gaze.
Harry began sprinting, holding John close as he ran back through the forest as whatever it was that had caused John to scream charged after them, its feet hitting the forest floor like drums.
“Hello?” There came a knock at the front door. “Anyone home?”
“Well, that’s a lie.”
Sherlock nodded.
Technically he shouldn't have cared. He and John weren't in any relationship besides platonic. That's just how it was. At first, Sherlock hadn't minded when John would ditch him for the evening to spend it with some mundane creature. Then it started to change. Green would flash across his vision before the jealousy growled in his stomach like thunder. To see John with anyone else made him feel sick.
The tiniest smirk flashed across Sherlock’s face. John barely had time to register it before it was gone. He wasn’t sure why, but for a brief moment he felt as though Sherlock was x-raying him; like Sherlock had just laid his hands upon the book of John Watson and turned the first page. It was unnerving.
Sherlock didn't say anything as the pair ran by, but inspected his finger instead. The flame had gone, and Sherlock couldn't help but smile. He rarely got to use his Ability (except for when his parents decided to have a BBQ every now and again and they couldn't get it to get going), so actually getting the chance to use it felt like a weight off his shoulders.
“So, urm…” he began, scratching the back of his head, but John interrupted.
“It’s there! Harry! Run! Harry!”
Now that the men had gone, the office door opened and Mrs Merriweather stuck her hawk-like nose out, inspecting the corridor. Sherlock quickly dove back into his hiding place, flattening his back against the wall as the woman stepped out.
"You're going to be in so much shit when they find out it was you," John said as they paused, making sure that they weren't seen by anyone outside. Sherlock shrugged.
“Do you think Sherlock will mind?” Tord asked, breaking the tender moment between father and daughter. “That’s… that’s why we wanted to discuss it with you, first. Just in case.”
“No. It’s your own fault we’re out here,” Harry snapped. “I don’t care if your legs are tired. You should hurry up and grow up.” She pressed onwards, stepping over a fallen branch. “If we ever find that bloody teddy, I’ll rip it’s head off.”
"Sherlock, if you're not going to talk then I'd better be on my way," John's voice darted between the gusts of wind, overpowering each blow with one almighty throw as it fell from John’s mouth. Sherlock's non-complacent tyranny of thoughts were drowned out completely as a result. What had he been thinking?
The virus had swept across the UK. The economy was a mess, but everyone was excited to get back to normality. Offices had begun to reopen, and the moronic panic-buying had almost completely fizzled out. John was exhausted. As soon as their self-isolation had ended he was back in the surgery, and Sherlock had even started volunteering in their postcode, taking food to people who couldn’t go out for themselves. He also began a YouTube channel, posting videos of various science experiments for children whose schools had been closed because the pandemic.
"Why do you wear it?" She asked while Sherlock rolled his eyes. They went through this every meeting.
“Don’t. Don’t do that. It’s in the past,” he said.
“You don't seem mad,” Sherlock began, recalling the different forms of madness he'd read about. Not that it was the right terminology, Sherlock knew; yet, the newcomer’s demeanour did nothing except draw Sherlock towards Alice in Wonderland, and in doing so the famed Cheshire Cat. Despite having only muttered nine words in total, Sherlock was forcibly reminded of the fickle feline. It made his stomach jolt.
“John Watson?” Mike laughed. “Blimey… What’re you doing here? Last I heard you were abroad somewhere getting shot at. What happened?”
“Sherlock, you were in pain,” John half-yelled. Sherlock didn’t flinch. “You were hurting. I didn’t ask how you were, I never once asked. I still haven’t asked. I presumed you were gallivanting off without me and I didn’t think for one second that you would be…”
“At this point I think we could skip the dating. I would like to do the whole dating thing, though. Go to a nice candlelit dinner, drink wine, talk about cases. If I ever pluck up the courage to talk about this stuff with you, and you don’t throw me out, I’d like that a lot.”
“You’d think,” John began, pinching the bridge of his nose, “she would understand that I have more things to think about right now than her bloody stupid girlfriend.”
“Harry!”
Rosie simply looked up at him and smiled, oblivious.
“No. No. God, no.”
Bear 1 and 2 launched themselves through the double doors, frantically running to get out of the building. Had nobody taught them fire safety?
“Oh, but Sherlock, dear, you don’t look very well at all,” Mrs Hudson sighed, her voice dropping into that caring, sympathetic voice it always fell into when either Sherlock or John were ill.
It was only as he looked up into the leering men’s faces did Sherlock realise that he’d lost John somewhere along the way. The turned slightly, trying to see the main road but it was so dark and the shadows so long that he could barely spot the difference between a car and a person. He squinted.
“The surgery is a mess,” John said, practically yelling over Sherlock’s hacking cough. “I had Margaret on the phone this morning. They’re down to their last box of face masks and a coughing mother threatened to riot when she was stopped from going in. Will you be okay if I set up in the kitchen?”
Sherlock had made a joke that John was getting old, and John had retaliated with a remark that between Sherlock’s constant noise and Rosie’s screaming it was a wonder he wasn’t already completely deaf.
“Hey,” he said, taking Sherlock’s hand again. “Hey. You’re okay. What’s this road called?”
Now, Sherlock was sat at the kitchen table, glaring absolute daggers at John while nursing a very potent hot chocolate with a shot of Bailey’s in it.
John pulled away, gasping for breath. He looked guilty.
“Yes, but what if that’s not enough?” He asked, as John’s hand dropped back down to his side. “You need 10 years of experience to be hired for anything, and all the jobs I’d possibly like to do require at least 20 years of career progression. And what if I waste my time fighting for a job that I think I’ll love but when I get there, I hate it?”
“It’s Todd, he’s bleeding out! The mutt! It bit him!”
“I thought I was. I’ve been looking for my soulmate for years, I’m not about to lose them over the rent.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock said, taking the card off him and peeling the sticker off. He handed the card back to John. “Of course it’s our anniversary. 29th of January. It’s the day we met.”
"Hm?" Sherlock asked, not looking up from the pebbles as her eyes darted in every direction on the search for river life. John smiled fondly and crouched down, pecking her denim dungaree clad girlfriend's cheek in the process.
All of Sherlock’s belongings were in boxes, scattered across the landing and the staircase. His flatmate’s doors were all closed, with locks on the door.
Sherlock watched John thoughtfully. He knew that John’s words had been repeated many times, and that he had much more to say on the subject. He smiled slightly, listening to John talk.
Sherlock recognised it as Rosie’s travel bag.
Since then, he'd spent far too long haunting its hallways.
“But that would mean…”
“And did you?”
When the picture came out, she stuffed it into her shoulder bag, grinning.
The wolf barked and began wagging its tail harder. Sherlock grinned in spite of the situation.
He clung on for dear life, his palm bleeding freely into the fur as the unconsciousness enveloped him.
“In the garden, love,” John called, walking around the perimeter of the cottage to greet his daughter and her husband.
John’s brows furrowed, not moving from the pavement as Sherlock stepped out into the road.
It was a pleasant, warm, gentle kind of the day where the sun fluttered down and rested upon the countryside. It wasn’t overbearing, it wasn’t too hot, and the breeze which rolled over the nearby lavender fields brought a freshness to the air. Changing his mind, John headed towards the garden and pulled out two more deck chairs. The day was too nice to stay indoors.
John smiled, deciding that this was definitely better than all the previous summers she'd been a part in.
He had been in relationships in the past. He had been in a very fulfilling relationship with his University’s rugby captain, and when said rugby captain was caught wanking off the scrum-half, Sherlock had fallen into a new relationship with drugs and subsequently drug addiction. He had enjoyed that relationship at the time, but it couldn’t last.
Sherlock gave a non-committal hum in response, glancing up at John and offering her a smile before looking back down into the river. She snaked her arm around John's waist, planting her palm on her hip.
(See the end of the chapter for
That was why John had found herself wearing shorts, because Sherlock made her feel better. They were white with a brown belt, and with her khaki shirt she felt a bit like an explorer, which helped her confidence a lot.
“You’ve always done everything for me,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s shit lie. “Always. I’ve never been able to see it until now.”
“But I didn’t tell you what time I was picking you up. The whole point of me knocking the door was to separate it from a flatmate dinner to an actual date,” John chastised. “You’ve completely blown the façade.”
The approached the large foyer, and through the large glass entryway hundreds of people could be seen behind a large barricade, policemen and firemen stopping them from entering the completely safe building.
It was a very rare occasion that Sherlock spoke to someone. It had been such a long time that he hardly remembered the last discussion he'd had. Something about his mother swarmed through his mind through, before vanishing in the place of curiosity for the person conversing with him. His voice was deeper than he remembered it.
He could feel nothing but pain. He wished they’d just knock him out, get it over and done with, but as he screamed in pain the kicks died away.
“Anxiety attack,” the paramedic had told John afterwards. The paramedics had decided against taking Sherlock to hospital, but they’d given him a blanket. He was hunched on the sofa, sipping a steaming mug of tea which Mrs Hudson forced into his hands. “And a bad anxiety attack at that. His heart is fine, but it might be worth getting him on some medication.”
“John?” He tried, his voice hoarse. But no response came.
John couldn’t help but roll his eyes.
“Colour.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, grinning. “Oh, shut up and enjoy our wedding.”
If Sherlock decided that the camera was simply a fashion trend, then so be it. It wasn't going to change the fact that most of the pictures John had taken were of her.
John laughed.
John paused on the landing to the first floor and turned to face Sherlock, who very nearly collided with him as he went to take another step.
He already felt as though he’d been shot in the chest though, so he supposed: ‘What harm would an imagined wound do?’
They’d just met, but John knew there was nothing stopping Sherlock from running. And judging by Sherlock’s injuries, it seemed likely.
“I love you,” John whispered.
Almost as soon as the topic had been brought up, Sherlock began feeling around in his pocket for the silver name badge that always caused him so much aggravation from Mrs Merriweather. Opposite him, John smiled wryly, pushing himself away from the wall and nursing his stomach. Maybe Sherlock had punched him a bit too hard after all.
“And it’s not like I can continue living at home,” Sherlock went on, turning towards the steps leading down to John’s accommodation block. John followed him. “And even if I do manage to find somewhere even remotely affordable to live in central London, I’d still have to have a flat-share. Or several flat-mates.” Sherlock shivered. “I could find somewhere outside of London, I suppose.” His nose crinkled in disgust. “Birmingham.”
“You have nothing to worry about. You’re brilliant.”
“It’s not our anniversary,” John told him, flipping the card over in his hand. “And you left the price on the back.”
“John!” Harry gasped, making to grab John again from her position of the ground but John was out of reach, making his way over the wolf with surprising calm.
“Trust me,” Mrs Holmes said, cutting him off before he could finish. “I know those two. Like rabbits, the pair of them. Broke the bed last time they came to ours. Sherlock said it was woodworm, as if we’d ever believe that!”
“You… know?” John asked. His mouth felt dry, like his tongue and throat had suddenly become sandpaper and someone had just given him a teaspoon of ground cinnamon to swallow.
"Name badge."
“But it’s our wedding,” Sherlock chuckled. “And they’ll be.” He paused as John kissed him again. “Starting the speeches soon, and then the cake.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” He asked nervously.
John grinned and leaned forwards, and Sherlock beamed stupidly at him until their lips met again.
John’s hand caught Sherlock’s elbow. He gripped it, hard. In this position John could easily manipulate Sherlock into an armlock and Sherlock felt his bones scrape as John tightened his grip. It hurt, a lot.
Sherlock stood and marched upstairs to Rosie’s room.
“Hm.” Sherlock nodded. His blush deepened when John stood in front of him. They had been close before. Closer, in fact. But John could feel the electricity like static tense between them as he began to close the gap.
“A3220,” Sherlock supplied. “Then it’s the A40. Westway.”
“Answer him, Rose. We already have the records.”
It was John’s granddaughter’s name, written in Rosie’s handwriting so that John could see for himself.
Sherlock decided to ignore the overwhelming flaw in his logic.
His overall build was different to Jim's, too. Jim was wearing a bespoke, fine-cut suit. It was of a rich navy material; almost black; with not a speck of dust visible. His shoes shone, making the reflection of the lights above look like the moon against the black oxfords. It was clear that he was muscular underneath the suit, although not as strong as the man standing opposite him.
Sherlock froze.
“Don’t look at me like that. It’s from before. I tried to send over the toys and clothes you left here too, but you didn’t want to talk to me.”
“But I want to repay you,” John stated. “Which is why I’ve booked a holiday, if you’d be, er,” he shuffled awkwardly on his feet, looking at the ground with his hands stuffed in his pockets.
This time, it was John’s turn to laugh.
“There’s a thunderstorm and we’re by the sea,” Sherlock replied, keeping his voice levee. “I don’t fancy being struck by lightning today, do you?”
“Excuse me,” Sherlock said, before he rushed off downstairs to answer the door.
John ran a hand through his hair, tilting his head towards the sky for a breath of fresh air as a weight pressed down on his shoulders. He felt like his heart was trying to claw its way out of his throat. His chest hurt. Colours were exploding across his vision like paint thrown at a white wall.
“You’re not dying,” John grumbled, sipping his coffee. “Far from it.”
“When have you ever seen a wolf?”
Mrs Hudson raised an eyebrow.
John didn’t reply, and Sherlock pushed the duvet away from his face. John was staring at something on the bed, and Sherlock realised with horror that he couldn’t remember whether he’d put the notebook back on the side or whether he’d put it on the floor or whether it was wrapped up in the duvet with him.
“I’m not sure,” Sherlock replied honestly. “We had a few words. John and his self-diagnosed victimisation is going to be his downfall.”
Until Sherlock started coughing.
Together they walked to Angelo’s, hand in hand, squinting in the evening sunshine.
"Are you sure? If they don't have it here we could always try a different library. I know you said you only needed it for one reference, but its dirt cheap online--"
Without a second thought.
“He’s always cared for her,” Mrs Hudson told him one evening as he helped her take out the bins. “But it wasn’t easy for him. But oh, you know.”
John had drawn a chart.
So, here’s what I thought: if anyone would like to request a fanfic, for free, now is the perfect time to do it! I’ll write it, I’ll post it, I’ll dedicate it to you. Because when the world is scrambling for answers and we’re all trapped inside to keep ourselves and others safe, we need to work together for each other. Some of us aren’t so lucky to have our own Sherlock or John to leave gushing notebooks lying around declaring their love for us.
Sherlock was halfway through his chow mien when he heard John.
"Or what? Over." Came the reply. Sherlock grinned.
“What do you mean?” John inquired, not taking a step forward but seeming to be closer somehow.
“I know. It’s fine. Sherlock, I read what you wrote.”
Sherlock had nodded and gone back to his pasta.
She'd only complain when it was too warm.
There were no wolves in London; there weren’t any wolves in England, even. His brain went into overdrive, trying to determine whether he’d started hallucinating, whether he was dreaming, or whether it wasn’t a paw at all and was instead something completely different.
Still slightly confused, Sherlock turned around again to check that the corridor was clear. However, when he went back to face John again, he was greeted by John's fist colliding squarely with his cheek.
“My room?” He asked hesitantly, looking at Sherlock over the rim of his mug.
Sherlock sat down on the edge of the bed, sighing quietly.
Sherlock looked startled.
“Werewolves aren’t bad people, Sherlock,” John sighed. “We retain our humanity even in wolf form. No, a person becomes a werewolf after encountering a good deed by one. So, the werewolf returned my teddy to me. The moment I thanked him, that goodwill energy transferred over to me. As I said,” he continued, seeing Sherlock’s perplexed face, “no one is sure of the science behind it, but then shifting into another animal is strange. Werewolves aren’t evil. We’ve just been given a bad rep by the media. As everything else does.”
"Which is why she's so annoyed, I'm a bit forgetful." He explained innocently, watching the two closely. The meeting inside the room was progressing, and he feared that if he didn't hurry up then he'd miss it. Which would just be annoying.
Again, John squinted, but there really wasn't anything of significance. Shingle, a bit of green slimy stuff and a few rounded pebbles. The angular one was still lying there, but John really couldn't see the significance. She sighed and bent down, trying to get a better look.
John grinned dopily and kissed Sherlock deeply, pressing him against the wall. Sherlock couldn’t help but giggle, his arms wrapped around John’s neck as he returned the kiss. Sherlock’s ankles crossed behind John’s back, with John holding Sherlock, his hands on Sherlock’s arse.
Her face was almost level with the water when Sherlock suddenly pushed her whole hand in, flicking the water up into John's face and cackling madly as John spluttered.
“Sherlock.”
“So, you saved my life,” he said slowly, “will I be a werewolf?”
“Yeah…” he scratched the back of his neck. “It’s just, you’re annoying as hell.”
“I’m sorry?”
“We’re upstairs,” Sherlock shouted, and John smiled.
“Are there others?” He asked. “Other creatures – I mean, people? If werewolves are real then surely there must be other people who aren’t werewolves but are something else.”
She paused to take one last look at the mass of black, to determine whether there was something there or whether it was her tired imagination playing tricks on her in the dark forest, but the mass had vanished. Harry sighed quietly and turned, with John in her arms, to begin the long walk back to the house and the safety of their parents.
He’d been escorted out by security, leaving Sherlock on the floor, crying weakly. John had thought it was from the cracked ribs he’d given him, the cut in his mouth as blood mingled with saliva.
The pair of them watched as a police officer pulled out his phone and  began to type.
10.	“So far away from neon lights and city streets, this is where I used to dream. Been around the world, but I could never replicate the feeling that I get beneath my feet.” Orange Trees, MARINA
He shook himself, coming out of his trance and going back to glaring at the picture. However, his concentration was lost completely by the sound of the fire alarm echoing around the school building.
