“I don’t care about the tech team!” John crowed, his dark blue eyes glowing as he pulled Sherlock closer, his hands sliding down Sherlock’s tunic to hold him low on the back. “You’re my brilliant man who made it happen. C’mere.”
Sherlock loved to dance, but the kind of dancing he knew involved specific steps, and a different sort of music altogether. This free-form flailing about was a completely different animal, and he had no idea where to even start. John smiled so fetchingly though, tugging him toward the swaying crowd, that Sherlock gave up resisting and followed.
“They’ve got some good alcohol here.” Sherlock said nodding toward the line of bottles behind the counter.
“We can skip the shower and just wipe clean and be there in fifteen minutes.” Sherlock suggested pragmatically, looking deliciously shagged out, dark, tangled hair strewn across the white pillow like some Renaissance painting.
“I’m not leaving.” John crossed his arms. “He’ll have to be the one to go. I’ll be damned if I let him win.”
John huffed a laugh, amazed he hadn’t thought once about his wretched leg. “You’re right, I did. It comes and goes.”
They were interrupted next by Rhys Winters hulking in with two mugs of butterbeer clasped in his large hands. He set one on the table before Victoire, glancing uncertainly at John and Sherlock.
“Yes, a mastodon tusk. Really . .. it’s right . . .” Alastaire appeared in the room trailing two younger boys behind him.  “Oh, hello, Sherlock, John.” Alastaire nodded somewhat reluctantly their way.
Sherlock seemed content to wrap himself up in his experiments for long hours. If given his druthers, Sherlock would have worked through dinner, but he agreed with John that he could be interrupted to come join him in an evening meal. If John cooked, he’d clean, no questions needed.
They took turns feeding each other, lingering over the fingers bringing each bite of sweet, or savory carefully scooped up and delivered in the comforting womb of dark. When Sherlock dripped jam down John’s chin, there was no other course but for Sherlock to lean in and lick it from his face, giving sticky kisses sliding down his neck.
“I’m not sure what you see in me sometimes, love, but I’m glad you do.” He smiled widely at his boyfriend, before he executed a bit of a merengue twist that Sherlock had taught him, knees bent, step, step.
Up until this point, Sherlock had never dwelt on the fact that his needs were not being met. Some of those needs — physical requirements, like food and sleep — he’d taken a sort of pride in ignoring. Other needs — like intellectual stimulation — he’d resigned himself to largely doing without, given the deplorably dull state of the world. And still others — like companionship and intimacy — he’d never acknowledged as needs at all.
“Yes, but there’s a difference. There are curly shapes for the words above the door in this picture. It was something different in ours.”
Sherlock obeyed, retreated slightly, only to plunge back in. He pumped his hips, losing himself in the looping motion as John made fantastic bitten-off noises, his hands scrabbling to grip Sherlock’s arsecheeks, urging him on, harder, faster. John was good and warm, and everything that could possibly be right in the world. Sherlock lost himself in the moment, in the movement, vaguely aware of John working a hand between their sweat-slicked bodies to grasp himself, John gulping in air as his body tensed.  Just the feel of John’s muscles pulled taught for his impending release tipped Sherlock over. He came in a flash of blinding light, barely registering John jerking beneath him. Done, done in, he collapsed in a boneless heap over John’s limp form.
“Well, I’m always happy to be introduced to a beautiful woman.” Dukat’s smile deepened as he faced her.
Sherlock rumbled out a hum in answer, reveling in the sensation of John’s fingers rubbing and tugging, working through his tangled curls.
The balding man who greeted them seemed especially happy to see Sherlock, showing them to a table near the front window.
“Well, what was that all about?” John plopped into the recently vacated chair. “I can’t leave you alone for a minute, can I?”
John parked the car near the door, shutting the vehicle off before unsnapping his seat belt. “Well, that was interesting, but I’m glad to be back.”
“Yeah, hope Mr. Stanwell isn’t in today.” John had already grown weary of their local hypochondriac.
“John, you young scalawag, what have you been up to, boy?” Sherlock called in his best old-lady voice.
Sherlock turned the hologram back on and flipped through the information on the band’s past performances. When he found a link to purchase some of their music, he punched his code in, and had it sent to his console at home. Sitting back, he watched idly as two Bajorans dressed in black appeared in front to clean up. During a more rousing section of the performance, glittery confetti had swirled down around the players, and it had left piles around the stage.
It wasn’t as if they would relax with the boss hanging over their shoulder, and Sherlock had no desire to view the latest popular action flick. It was a dark night, only a sliver of one moon to light the sky.  Sherlock grabbed one of the lantern to light his path. He glanced back at the two young men, hunched companionably together in their fold-out chairs to watch the screen before slipping into the brush. When the sounds of the boys’ vid had faded behind him, Sherlock stopped and found an old log to sit on. He probably
“Oh, first day Angela hired me, really.”  Sherlock flipped a careless hand. “Mona was routing her mail through the back end of a server in Sweden to avoid tracing, but I had a hacker friend follow the trail. It led right to her machine at the
Sherlock whipped around at his name, his piercing blue gaze finding John instantly behind the man. John’s mouth went dry.
“Yeah, no, it doesn’t matter. I mean, I hope Harry and Clara will like you, but it wouldn’t matter if they didn’t.”
That hurdle jumped, they proceeded to carry John’s things in from the truck, piling the boxes in the blue bedroom across the hall, but dropping the clothes in Sherlock’s room. A few of the sealed boxes were things from John’s childhood, stuff he hadn’t looked at in years. Harry had taken on the horrid job of clearing out their father’s flat after his death while John was still in Afghanistan. John was amazed that the man had kept anything from that earlier time, but Harry had set aside the stuff she thought he might want.
“I . . .” John sucked in a breath. “Okay. We . . . I would appreciate it. People are suffering so much, Sherlock. So much has changed since you left.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock rumbled. He turned slightly,  pulled a phone from his pocket and began typing furiously, thumbs flying over the screen.
John sighed and dropped the scarf into the give-away pile. It would do better at a charity shop than cluttering up the few bags he planned to take away with him.
“I’d probably just want to borrow your pants.” Sherlock leaned in to whisper. “John might enjoy seeing me in them.”
“Are there any things I should be rerouting to the cell?” Sherlock asked.  “Blankets? Solar batteries? Medical items?”
In the morning, Sherlock surprised John by fashioning some eggy bread for breakfast out of a packet of rolls from the freezer, and some powdered egg and milk mixed together. He served it up with a small jar of berry jam.
She waved him over to join her. “Wow, look at you John!" Vic whispered as he unloaded his stash across the table. "Thinking of joining Ravenclaw, are you?”
Although John usually insisted they both eat something for breakfast, the next morning he was just as eager to get down to the beach as Sherlock was. After a quick wash, they threw on clothes and headed out.
Finally, finally, their lips connected. John’s mouth, warm and sweet, moved over Sherlock’s in incredibly soft caresses. That smell, that amazing smell, now mixed with the scent of coffee and pastry wrapped over Sherlock sending his arousal spiraling upward.  John groaned, a gorgeous sound pulled deep from his chest, and Sherlock nearly exploded inside his pants. If he could have withstood the prying eyes, Sherlock felt certain he might have swept their dishes to the floor, and taken John right there on the formica table top, propriety be damned. In a way that he had never felt before, Sherlock
The man seemed to appreciate it, doubling his efforts to drive John out of his mind as he rode him with increasing abandon. John felt that warm tingle rising from the base of his cock signaling his imminent release.
“Yeah, we figured you’d be missing  . . . I mean . . . with himself gone . . . ” Owen shrugged, and trailed off. He neglected to pick up his line of thought when Teddy dug an elbow into his side.
Sherlock blinked awake to daylight filtering in through the small shuttered window. John lay passed out next to him, looking about ten years old with his face sweetly slack. Sherlock reached out to brush back the silky fringe that has fallen over his forehead.  He smiled. He’d been fascinated with John’s golden hair since the moment he’d first layed eyes on him.
He soon lost himself in the feel of silky skin sliding over his lips and tongue, the musky scent in his nostrils, and soft bitten-off sounds of his lover under him.  John became nothing more than the hand holding and the mouth moving, and the blood pumping through his veins. It almost surprised him when Sherlock jolted, and a burst of hot and bitter fluid filled his mouth. He swallowed it happily, groaning himself as essence of Sherlock moved down his throat. Out of all the people this beautiful, intelligent man could have let do this for him, it was John, here in this bed, his mouth being used for Sherlock’s pleasure. John felt so overwhelmed it was almost as if he’d come again, even if his own cock still lay soft and spent between his legs.
Once John got his laughter under control, he opened the Operation box and handed the directions to Sherlock. “Here, you look through the rules for clues, while I set up our patient.”
“You beautiful man.” John rounded on Sherlock expectantly, gripping both of his arms. “Thank you, love, for finding the cloaking device.”
The Little Hobbit’s mouth dropped open in surprised. ‘Are you not pleased with my company any longer, O Dragon?’
“Pardon me.” He called the small Wizard over to unlock the case for him. Sherlock picked through a number of small jeweled boxes until he found one that played “Clare de Lune” when opened.
“Dinner.” Sherlock agreed with a smile as he followed, but he was thinking more about a chance to lick John's salty skin later, and less about casseroles, and hot veg.
“Ah, I see.” Sherlock felt a warmth wash over him. “Well, just tell him we need to call heaven . . . because they’re missing an angel.”
“Hey, Sherlock, I meant to remind you. I’ll be in New York, next month, for a week, part of the book tour, remember? Also, there’s a journalist there I know from Kabul. Do you mind if I pop in and see her while I’m there? Drinks, catching up, that sort of thing.”
“Boyfriend?” The woman looked surprised. “Really? You aren’t being coerced in any way are you?” She eyed John suspiciously.
John thought that Mycroft looked distinctly uncomfortable as he picked his words.  “Nothing of an immediate nature, no.  As you may remember though, Mummy heads several charity organizations. The Order of Orphans of War and Other Calamities is having a large gala today, and she was unable to get away.”
“How about you two gits?” John turned to Tom and Dom, the only non-members of the Quidditch team present.  The two were currently spelling some of the purple gummy worms to crawl about the room in a sort of conga line.
“Oh, baby, are you alright?” Victoire dropped the game in an instant, rushing down to join Teddy who now sat rubbing an ankle.
They made their way easily down to the beach, picking their way across the the rocky shore to the softer sand.
“Yes, it was.” Sherlock stared at it across the room, the white duvet looking bit rumpled where John had hastily tugged it into place. He almost wanted to drag John back to it, pull the covers over their heads and refuse to leave, but, no. Someone was coming for them soon. It was time to go.
“Ah yes, the lovely Irene,” the prefect cut in. “I hope she’s improved. I so enjoyed talking with her over the weekend, delightful woman. I called to express my gratitude, but I also wanted to invite you to a gathering I’m having at my estate next week. You’ll come and bring the lovely Miss Adler with you?”
“Sales rep.” Victor shrugged. “It pays the bills. We can’t all be trust fund babies.” He shot Sherlock a fond glance.
He slowed the car a bit, looking for a place to turn off. He found a small lane that led down toward the sea.
Later, they left the dishes in the sink, and moved upstairs to have a warm bath together in the enormous bathtub. John set the water running and added a dash of scented soap to fill it with bubbles. Sherlock crawled in first to lean against the side, and John stepped in carefully to snug between his legs, leaning his head back on Sherlock’s shoulder. As they relaxed, letting the cares of the day melt away, it was bliss. Until Sherlock shifted, and relayed more of Mycroft's visit.
The space wasn’t nearly as intimidating when they could see it, just a rectangular room with a number of waist-high walls bisecting it. It was easy to move about the maze guided by the light from the computer screen. John could still detect the faint sour odor of piss from when they’d been forced to make a makeshift toilet in a side of the room, but thankfully it had dissipated in the intervening months.
“Now, I’ve emailed you the schedule, and the direction to the tailor's, you have it all?” Sherlock’s mother fixed him with another laser stare.
“Mhmm, is that so?” John ran one hand down Sherlock’s chest, and lower, lower, until he could fondle what turned out to be a very hard and substantial bulge in Sherlock’s trousers.
“Possibly.” Sherlock might have blushed, but in the low light, it was hard to tell. “I read every book I could get my hands on about smuggling in the area.”
“Hey there.” Mrs. Watson appeared from the kitchen, a pink dressing gown cinched about her waist. “I didn’t hear you come in.”
“Oh, right.” John watched as Sherlock snatched up the copy of “the Hobbit” to rifle through it. He had his doubts, but as Sherlock typed the words found, sense was actually emerging.
“You don’t think he...knew that would work, do you? I mean...the both of us together…? Do you believe he chose us for each other? Picked me out of a lineup of madmen as having the right characteristics for…. Not my hand. I mean...all of it?”
Thankfully he did much better on his next attempt, apparating clear across the field from one hoop set on the ground to the next. “YES!” John fist pumped into the air.  Sherlock appeared beside him in an instant grinning like a fool.
“Now, Sherlock, I wanted to let you know, we’re throwing a party for Tilly’s twenty-first in February.” Sherlock’s Aunt crowded in, edging John aside. “It’s going to be marvelous. You simply must come.”
“Course I don’t want that.” John had drawn closer, so close he could feel the heat of John's body as he slid in between Sherlock’s knees.
“Shhhhh. It’s alright. I’m fine, I’m fine.” John’s hands soothed over him, stroking along his back as he moved them to the bed.
“I assure you, I am engaging with none of them beyond my initial questions.” Sherlock thought quickly of John Watson, and realized what a bald-faced lie that was.
“Christ, I can’t believe we’re actually leaving.” John surveyed the front room with his hands on his hips. “I think I’ll actually miss the place.”
The offices were on the other end of the athletic building, and John made his way through the many corridors that connected through. It wasn’t a section of the center that he usually frequented. His head turned as he heard a sultry pop tune coming from one of the rooms as he passed. It looked like a dance studio, and he glanced idly in the window on the door. The sight within stopped him in his tracks. Almost in a trance, John moved forward to stare inside.
“Nothing so exciting.” The woman shrugged. “I’m in sales. For a paper company. I’m Jeanette, by the way.” She extended a hand.
something. Whether tender or urgent, playful or filled with passion, John always felt that he and Sherlock were making love.
The flowers of the garden nearly glowed in the buttery afternoon light cascading down. The sun seemed to be making a special appearance just for them. Sherlock shook off the fanciful notion, and showed John to the gardening shed where he kept his supplies.
John grinned at his French accent, his whole face softening as he leaned his chin onto his fist. “She sounds amazing. What else do you remember of her?”  It was impossible to stay upset when John looked at him with those gorgeous indigo eyes, nodding and smiling at him as if he were the sun and the moon, and the stars in between.
Sherlock stopped, horrified by the torrent of words spilling unchecked from his mouth. He reached out blindly and grabbed his coffee to take a drink. The hot, bitter liquid sloshed over his tongue and he winced. He reached for the cup of sweeteners, and grabbed several packets of sugar to empty into his cup.
Though the hobbit wriggled and protested, the dragon used the tip of a talon to carefully strip away the creature’s clothes, holding him down to better examine him. The dragon ran his warm rough tongue delicately over the hobbit’s body into every crack and crevice noticing that after a few minutes, the creature was no longer trying to wiggle out of his grasp, but was spreading his legs to grant him better access.”
The idea of somehow having missed meeting this amazing, talented, gorgeous man sent a sudden chill down John’s spine and he shivered despite the warmth of the water.
“Yeah, good, thanks. I’ll just go ask her.” John reached out to squeeze his shoulder before jogging off to catch up.
Had he really given John his name? He thought back to the passion-soaked night before and realized yes. Yes, he had.
Gradually, over the next few days, with continued medical treatment, Naavi grew well enough to join them at the table for meals. John was almost back to good, and along with Lupaza and Sherlock’s help started to set the farm back to rights.
John put the windows down on his drive back, humming along with the radio as he headed home, eager to see Sherlock again. Surprise washed over him when he found the truck gone, and a sleek black town car in its place in the garage. Wondering if Sherlock had been seized by the impulse to buy yet another new vehicle, John let himself in the front door, calling hello. When no replies were forthcoming, John made his way back to the kitchen thinking a spot tea and a biscuit would be just the thing. He was surprised again to find a refined-looking man in a three piece suit already at the table sipping a cup of tea, a posh platter of pastries at his elbow that certainly hadn’t been in the house that morning.
“You’re ashamed of me.” To Sherlock’s horror, he felt tears prickling at the corners of his eyelids.
“No, no, not what I meant.” Sherlock scrunched his nose. He rose from his seat a bit unsteadily, and setting his glass down on a side table, crossed the room to join John.  He opened the door to the cabinet and reached in to retrieve what looked like a clear glass ball from its place on a small cushion. “Crystal ball.” Sherlock said simply, holding it up to the light. “I had an ancestor who used to tell fortunes for Muggles back in the 1800’s.”
The security detail arrived then, crashing through the doorway, several men and women armed with phasers to further crowd the small room.  It was all a bit of a blur after that.
“Promise me. Promise me you won’t listen to him. Don’t let him sway how you feel about me.” Sherlock sounded nearly panicked.
“I know, me too. But don’t worry, it’ll be summer soon enough, and we’ll have all day together, for weeks and weeks!”
Soon they were navigating the streets of Eastbourne, Sherlock turning confidently along a route familiar to him, pulling into a lot to park. They got out, Sherlock leading the way to a small brick restaurant set amidst some other businesses closed for the evening. “Angelo’s” the sign read.
It was still light out, the evenings lingering before true darkness set this late in the spring. Sherlock insisted on getting dressed and going out immediately to track the coordinates with their new device. John agreed, of course he did, delighting in Sherlock’s bubbling excitement. He was like a little boy with a new toy on Christmas morning. They slipped out into the dusk, Sherlock eagerly leading the way. It didn’t take him long to follow the coordinates. He exclaimed in wonder when he had it, and hurried, John at his heels, to the woodshed.
“I want you to be careful.” Sherlock unwrapped the large plaster, and pressed it over the wound, sealing the edges.
“No, no, I’m fine.”  Sherlock found himself feeling suddenly tongue tied. Although he’d dreamed about John coming for ages and ages, he’d never quite planned out the visit beyond wrapping himself around John and holding on tight. It suddenly occurred to him that he had no idea what a good host needed to actually do.
“So, I was reading an article in the paper about a proposed European ban on all pesticides that might harm the bees.” Clara turned toward Sherlock. “It said the Tories were trying to water it down, still allow some to be used in the UK.”
Tom and Dom returned in time for a more rousing card game of Exploding Snap in the evening, and John felt in better spirits when Victoire and Teddy finally bustled in smiling, and pink-cheeked from the cold.
John’s mum was easy to spot waving and calling once when they made it off platform nine and three quarters. She hugged them both, kissing Sherlock’s cheek, and gushing on about how proud she was that he’d graduated with top marks. Sherlock couldn’t help beaming at Mrs. Watson, mumbling out his thanks. She insisted on taking them out for sushi as a treat. Sherlock had never had the oddly-wrapped bits of fish before, but he quickly discovered he liked it immensely.
All the giggly girls who had signed up for the class after seeing the new Potions master at the welcoming feast stopped to gawp at them, mouths half open.
“Thanks so much,” John said. He couldn’t remember his own father showing him how to do much of anything. Except perhaps how to pop the top off of a beer bottle on the side of the kitchen bench.
Grabbing John firmly by the shoulders, Sherlock manoeuvred him into the corner of the room. Then he kissed him soundly on the lips. “I’ve never kissed you in this corner,” he teased.
Sherlock ground the heels of his hands into his eyes and leaned back from his desk. He’d been up most of the night surfing data streams. Falsifying reports, and covering his tracks hadn’t been too hard, but he wanted to be thorough. It was one thing to juggle records, but it was of course another to account for missing items. Sherlock knew his shell game wouldn’t last forever if people went out to physical warehouses and counted inventory, but if he could just keep them off his trail for awhile longer . . . He was startled when his phone rang. John’s alert sounded preternaturally loud in the quiet of the office.  He never called though. Sherlock whipped his mobile out and thumbed it on.
John tossed the sleeping bags inside, and then they set to building a bonfire above the water line with the wood from inside the storage pod, and the driftwood they’d gathered earlier. Sherlock used the lighter and starter fluid found with the supplies, and set to making their artfully stacked pile of kindling burn. John had teased him a bit at his preciseness in laying the fire, but Sherlock had spent half a childhood on a beach and he lectured John on how to best stack the logs smallest to largest.
They still had left-overs to take home, and after boxing them up and settling the bill, Sherlock tossed John the keys by way of asking if he wanted to drive. John smiled, always up for driving the sports car. He did take the curves at a safer speed than Sherlock had earlier, which was good, as night had fallen properly.
John brushed off his robe as he stepped out of the floo network and into the busy lobby of St. Mungo’s. He stopped a moment to take it all in. Quite a motley of people waited to see a healer. One woman sat whistling like a tea kettle, and you couldn’t miss the man with a large purple tentacle growing where his left ear should be. Despite the crowded waiting room, the man had a corner all to himself as people kept well clear of the waving appendage. Through it all, the hospital staff moved quietly, efficiently about in official green healers robes bringing order in their wake. John grinned at the sight. He couldn’t wait to join their ranks.
The boys were wisely, finally beating a hasty retreat, but they were vulnerable, exposed for a few steps before they crested the hill.
Sherlock snorted. “That’s easy. Regardless of  how things went on Bajor, my father would have packed me off to military school.”
Scotland was a shock after ten straight months in Afghanistan. John stepped out of the warmth of the airport into a bone-chilling drizzle. The sudden cold snap in September was unusual even by local standards, and John flipped up his collar, tugging the zipper on his jacket as high as it would go. He found a black cab quickly enough from the line-up, giving them the address of the hotel as he settled into his seat.
Sherlock sighed, and moved to get his herbal tea from the replicator. Despite its soothing effects, he still tossed and turned, finally dropping off in the wee hours. He couldn’t get the image of how well John and Kira fit together out of his mind. When he blinked awake the next morning, he was disappointed to find himself still alone in the bed.
John hitched his rucksack higher as he walked through the slight drizzle, avoiding a large puddle to cross the cobblestone street. One of the workers at the portkey station had given John directions to Sherlock’s new place, and he’d managed to find it without getting too lost.  Sherlock had said he lived in a white four-story building of flats, and John’s heart skipped a beat when it came into view.
It had to be a kubaroo. Sherlock couldn’t help smiling. He hadn’t heard a kubaroo sing in ages. The small birds had build a nest in the tree right outside his childhood bedroom window. He’d spent years waking in the morning to the sound. The call repeated as a light breeze ruffled through the foliage, and he spotted the bright aqua feathers buried amongst the dull green of the leaves.
“Whoa, peace, friend.” The man raised his hands, placating, and backed away. “Didn’t realize he was taken.”
John set about readying himself for bed, went to change and brush his teeth. Sherlock of course looked as if he hadn’t moved a muscle in the meanwhile.
dating.” Sherlock tried to shrug without dislodging the sheet. “It’s all a sham. Irene has a girlfriend and didn’t want it known, and I . . .” Sherlock trailed off as John reached up to place a hand on the door behind him, boxing him in.
“Come on, you two.” Mrs. Holmes reappeared, looking a bit exasperated. “It’s assigned seating, and they won’t start serving until everyone is there."
A few pictures hung on the wall, and the bed frame, dresser and shelves remained, but the mattresses, clothes, anything that could be easily carried off was missing. He opened the emptied dresser, searching, searching until his fingers scrabbled against a bit of paper caught against the side of a drawer. He pulled it out only to find an old picture of himself and John staring back. They couldn’t have been more than six and seven. His mother must have taken the picture. The two of them were on a swing they’d had in the back garden for years before the ropes rotted and broke. John was sitting in his lap so they could swing together, and they were smiling, smiling so wide. John had lost a tooth in front, and Sherlock hardly had his full cranial ridges in. They looked so happy. How hadn’t he known he was in love with John even then?
The spectators in the club represented a number of different races and looked to be one of the few places where Bajorans and Cardassians gathered socially together, though they had segregated themselves to opposite sides of the room. Sherlock steered John toward the Bajoran area when a Cardassian man dressed all in black stopped them.
Sherlock swallowed, his mouth gone suddenly dry.  There wasn’t any way to turn back now.  It wasn’t really a question. “Yes, Kai, of course.”
“Oh don’t be grumpy,” John said, pressing soft kisses along his taut neck.  “You’re better off out of that office, and not running stupid errands for sodding Nigel Beedles. Mum and I had quite a time of it today running interference, making sure he didn’t talk to Mrs. Kent about you leaving.”
A symphony of grunts, and groans, and delicious noises of near pain issued from John as Sherlock rotated the toy slowly inside him.  Sherlock placed a hand on his hip. He could
“A word in private, if you don’t mind.” He spared a glance toward John poised at the foot of the stairs.
“Ooh, which one?” Sherlock reached down to rip open John’s pyjama top, sending the buttons pinging around the room. John huffed out an angry noise, but did nothing to stop him.
“Right, okay.  So you’re having a baby . . . with Stephen.”  John struggled to make sense of it all.
John was a bit nervous, and even Sherlock seemed a tad stiff as they set out, but fairly quickly they were lost in the crowd, dancing to the lilting strains of some song that had surely been all the rage in the 1800’s. Victor and Sarah twirled nearby at one point, Sarah giving them a little wave, but soon enough, John only had eyes for the bewitching man in his arms.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said. “John this is my second cousin, Claudette.” He waved to indicate the curly-headed woman. “Claudette, this is my . . . boyfriend, John.”
Reluctantly, Sherlock stopped and waited for his pursuer to catch up. Prophets, of course it was the numbskull he used to walk patrol with, Anderson. He groaned quietly.
“Sadly I never learned to drive,” John said, rubbing at the back of his neck, feeling foolish. “With the bus and all, it just never came up.”
Do drop me a line if you enjoyed this chapter. Your kudos and comments are like sweet bars of chocolate chasing off the dementors' chill.
“Okay,” John cleared his throat, holding the page upright, “Once upon a time there lived a young prince known as Sir Boast A Lot. It wasn’t his real name, but he was such an insufferable know-it-all, bothering everyone about the castle, that someone called him the nick-name and it stuck. Soon no one even remembered what the prince was actually called. Despite the name, the prince continued sticking his nose in where it didn’t belong. One day a woman, a distant relation, came to visit the castle. Unbeknownst to the prince, the woman was a powerful sorceress. When the prince insulted her that night at dinner, revealing private facts about herself for all and sundry to hear, the woman was enraged.”
“Just be sure you’re dressed like a true Scotsman underneath, wearing what God gave ye.” The man winked at him.
After some residual grumbling, the group did finally go. Sherlock turned to consider the boys, still looking completely done in. “Here, now, you should know better than to kiss on public streets.” Sherlock gentled his voice. “What were you thinking?”
“Excellent,” Lestrade said passing out a small wooden spoon to each of them. John scooped up a spoonful of the brew, watching as the others did the same. By some unspoken agreement, they all swallowed at the same time. John was pleased to note the potion had a sweet taste as it went down, and the addition of the mint was quite a bonus.
Sherlock’s face clouded over, and John took his hand. “I’m sorry, love. I should have been honest with you from the start.”
“Oh, a SOLDIER.” The woman clapped her hands in delight. “I can see why he brought you home. Have a nice night, did you?”
Finally, after climbing stairs and finding their room, they  stood in privacy together. John had a fleeting impression of a large four poster bed, a crackling fireplace, and some chairs filled with cushions before a tall genius was swooping in on him for another drugging round of kisses.
Sherlock’s gaze locked on to the man’s fingers as he stroked lightly over his belly, teasing at the path of light brown hair that disappeared tantalizingly under the sheet pooling over him.
Before John could say a word, Sherlock had swept out of the car to stalk off down the lane. John wanted to follow, but he felt paralyzed, stuck to his seat in the car. He watched forlornly as Sherlock turned stiffly around the corner. John’s insides writhed. He leaned his forehead down on the steering wheel, blowing out a breath.
John flinched. Sherlock wanted to stop, but as always once the flow of information started, he was powerless to stop it. Despite the warning lights flashing internally, he pressed on.
“Ah, well, look at that,” Grand-mère said staring into the box she had worked open. She pulled out what looked like crockery from the mess of tissue paper holding it. It was a teapot painted around like a black and white spotted cat with its crooked tail for a handle. The pot gave a small meow as she turned it to admire it from all sides. “What an odd thing.” She clucked.  The cat hissed loudly, and she almost dropped it in surprise.
“Oh, I just wondered if things were okay.” She waved a hand. “You know since you two started going out?”
Sherlock didn’t have time to search out any more likely locations for John before his first class started, and he slipped into Potions only slightly late.
Sherlock seemed to wake from a trance as he blinked, slowly lowering his wand arm. Grand-mère surveyed the scene quickly. With a grim look, she pulled out her own wand, and sent the cursed goblet to fling itself back into the cupboard. Once the door had closed and locked itself with a click, she turned hard eyes to Alastaire still on the floor.
“If they tell anyone about finding us in the lake, they’re going to get in trouble for skivving off out there.” Sherlock pointed out pragmatically.
“If you’d been, you wouldn’t have asked why I left.” Victor blew a plume of smoke into the night. “Got tired of every day being bright and sunny. Does things to a man.”
“Oh God, back into the fray.” Sherlock sighed. “More horrible family. More horrible, tedious things to do.”
“Sherlock where’s the . . .” suddenly the idea of saying “loo” or “toilet” seemed too low class for such a posh house, and John wondered if he ought  to use “lavatory” or “facilities” instead. Thankfully while he hesitated, Sherlock knew exactly what he was asking, and nodded toward a doorway.
“Thanks. How about you? Aren’t you eating?” John hesitated over the package, and Sherlock realized John felt rude eating alone.
“Okay, great.” Naavi raised his soup bowl to drink the last of it when a familiar woman in a vest entered the room.  “I’ll see you all later then.”
“I’ll contact you when I can,” John whispered. He pulled the covering carefully from Sherlock’s head.
“Well, as you can see, bit of an exaggeration. Not dead. Now I really must be . . .”  Sherlock tried to move past the man, but Anderson caught Sherlock’s arm in a firm grip.
When he was released Sherlock emptied the box out onto the table and sifted through the contents. After half an hour nothing unusual had been discovered other than that young Sherlock had a penchant for graffiti and had altered several of the cards, mostly to insult his brother.
“Very good, sir. If you don’t mind waiting a moment, I’ll have that taken care of. Do you prefer silver or gold chains?”
“Erm, hullo, Mycroft.” John rubbed sand from his eye, and struggled to sit more upright against the pillows.
Sherlock stepped back, retreating until his back hit the shed wall, not wanting to scare the children with his alien features.
Although celebrating the Peldor festival was forbidden, Sherlock still saw hints of the holiday all over the marketplace.  It was in plain sight if you knew where to look. Scraps of purple fabric tied in out-of-the-way spots fluttered in the breeze, good luck charms swung from several stalls, and the smell of burning Bateret leaves laced the air. The Bajorans out shopping smiled, bustling about with a joviality that defied the chill, overcast day, and the few Cardassian guards glowering from the corners.
The Omega’s wrist twisted as he worked the toy back and forth. Sherlock matched the rhythm of his curled fist moving over his cock to the hypnotic slide of the dildo. In and out, up and down.
John grinned and replaced the card in the box, then sat back in his seat with a sigh, “I don’t think it’s here.”
Life at the farm grows more complex as others join them, and Sherlock has personal news to contend with.
“Wow. Sherlock, I’ve seen so many die due to a simple infection. It’s been YEARS since any of us had access to proper medicine.”
“She did.” John nodded. “She acted like she was drowning, came off the rope swing, and started thrashing around like she was in trouble. I didn’t realize at the time that she was an expert swimmer. Everyone else was in on it. Like a numpty, I jumped in to save her.  She grabbed me, thanked me over and over, and as soon as we got to the shallows, she tried to suck my face off.”
John crawled happily back into Sherlock arms, content to be held close for a moment before Sherlock leaned away to find the lube in the drawer beside the bed. John listened avidly to the snick of the top being flipped open before Sherlock returned, sliding slippery fingers down, down until he was pressing against John’s entrance.
The off-time train was only partially filled. They found seats easily enough, and settled in for the trip. Sherlock instantly popped open his laptop and got working, but John enjoyed kicking back, watching the scenery sliding past the windows. A thick morning mist had settled over the green fields, giving everything a blurry, impermanent feeling as if they were adrift in some magical faery realm instead of traveling on the 7:05 train from Brighton to Cardiff Central.
“Coming, Mum!” John called back, as they struggled upright. Sherlock almost hit his head on the bunk above scrambling out of John’s bed.
They presented their eyes to the scanners, and just as with all of the others the door sprung open instantly. Inside there was a small room with fluorescent lights set into the ceiling that came on when the door opened. The only thing in the room was the top of a spiral staircase that led down into the dark.
John retreated to the bathroom, and turned the taps on for the great clawfooted bathtub, pouring in bubbles and oils from three different bottles. When the bath was full, John stripped and lowered himself gratefully into the steaming water. When he’d soaked himself into a prune, John washed his hair and rinsed under more water from the taps. He was feeling quite relaxed and rather fragrant when he padded back into the room. Sherlock was already in bed, burrowed deep under the covers. He’d turned off all the lights but the bedside lamp on John’s side. John put his things quietly away before lifting the duvet to slide under. He reached out to turn the light off before settling down. It was quiet. Oddly quiet in the big room. John was so used to the general noise around the dorms the silence was almost deafening.
When they parted, John squinted back at this nameplate.  “I dunno, somehow I don’t want to leave these here. It feels like leaving a bit of ourselves behind. I’d rather take them with us.”
“You’re right. Christ what am I thinking. Let’s pay our check and get out of here.” John smiled, already undressing Sherlock in his mind’s eye. God, he was a lovely, long drink of water.
During patrol, Sherlock was pleased to find himself assigned to a new partner. This one was named Larex, a soldier who thankfully didn’t try to chit chat or nip into pubs while on duty. He was a by-the-book, dry-as-dirt bloke, and that suited Sherlock just fine. Their first day out together was dull routine, but on their second day, they encountered a Bajoran granny, and a younger woman with two small children out after hours. Larex charged forward to stop them, threatening the whole group with arrest for being out past curfew.
With a full plate of food in him, John was quite content to kick back and sip a second cup of tea leisurely, watching as Sherlock chased the last of his beans about with a toast half.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes. They moved together into the crowded restaurant. A hostess took Sherlock’s coat before they found seats and joined the queue for the buffet. Sherlock’s mother pulled him aside though, insisting that he needed to see some cousin or other before they left.
The cumtoy looked tired, but in possession of herself as the brute finally patted her cheek and moved on. Sadly his twin seemed to be in line right behind him. When the next man tried to shove his huge red prick straight down her throat, the penny whore reared back, holding hands up to keep him at bay. She was obviously trying to offer other things, smiling as she talked, but the moron was half drunk, reeling on his feet, and having none of it.
‘You’re like a great house cat.’ The Little Hobbit smiled, scratching him behind an ear flap. The dragon rumbled out something like a deep purr in reply, and the Hobbit laughed in delight.
Sherlock carefully removed his violin from it’s case, tuned it by ear, and then tightened and rosined his bow. John popped his clarinet reed into his mouth to moisten it while he assembled his instrument. Once both men were ready, they began to play.
The small lizard whipped its tail about, flashing iridescent patterns in the bright afternoon sun. In the shadows of the bushes, two boys, belly down in the dirt, watched barely breathing lest they frighten it off. Two sets of eyes, one pair dark as rain, and the other pale as winter ice tracked its long tongue flicking out to snag a winged thing out of the air. A small thrill ran down each spine as they watched the insect struggling to escape before the reptile neatly snapped it down. They might have stayed that way all day, still as stones, witnessing the minuscule plays of life and death unspooling in the herb garden had a large boot not crashed down scaring the small creature away. Another boot, and the body attached to the footwear moved in blocking the view as the gardener hunkered down with a pair of clippers in hand.
John made a wonderful, growly noise at the back of his throat, and Sherlock pressed in, kissing John more actively, no longer content to simply let him set the pace. One of John’s arms slid around him while the other reached up to cup the side of his face. John’s fingers moved over him, lightly tracing the ridges along his jaw. He moved to follow the path of his fingers with his mouth, his tongue flicking out to lick delicately down the side of Sherlock’s face. Sherlock nearly jerked back off his seat as a spike of something hot and delicious went straight through the core of him. He couldn’t help the strange, needy noises falling from his own mouth.
John sank into the Slytherin’s embrace, and no more talk of leaving was mentioned for several minutes.  Later, they took turns exiting the cupboard one at a time when the coast was deemed clear. Rhys went first, giving John a last quick kiss before darting out.
John’s mates had already found seats and they craned their necks, watching curiously as John and the new Potions Master had some personal coze by the classroom door.
They lay together afterwards, catching their breath until the spills over their skin felt more annoying than erotic.
“Oh, really?” John cocked his head to the side. “No offense, but I don’t see you as the outdoorsy sort.”
” John growled. “He's a PERSON just like you or me, and he’s fucking helping us. Without him, we’d be hard pressed to GET a reclaimator.”
“There, that’s all I can do with what I’ve got. He’s young though. He’s got a chance.” Sherlock gathered his things to move back to the front room to see to John.
John paled a bit. “It’s not a rebound thing. It’s . . . I don’t know what it is. Could you pass the salt, please?”
“Yeah, if I hear the Gryffindor team has slipped, I’ll have to come back and kick all your arses.” Ethan slapped him on the back.
“Bollocks!” Sherlock cried. “You KNEW we had the house this week. Why you had to come stick your overly-long nose . . .”
“I doubt we’ll be held accountable for normal wear and tear on the facilities.” Sherlock accepted the bottle of wine when John passed it his way, taking a long draught from it.
“You’re thinking I didn’t give it enough of a fair go?” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow. “Dating . . . relationships . . . sex?” He drew out the last word challengingly.
“Of course. Don’t bite down.” Sherlock’s hand returned to feed John something he had to suck off the offered finger, this one creamy and deliciously sweet.
Sherlock couldn’t help the niggling feeling of foreboding that crept over him. This could so easily be a double cross. Images of being taken out into the brush for a quick execution passed through his mind. What was another Cardassian officer gotten rid of to some disgruntled dissidents? And what would happen to John when he tried to stop them? Sherlock swallowed as a shiver coursed over him. John leaned in,  warm, and steady at his side, and he calmed.
“Stop, stop.” The woman held up her hands. “I’m sure you’ll be very happy together. Excuse me, please.”
John startled out of his daydream to find the lecture finished, and Rory from the football team standing over him.
“John, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I think you had a panic attack.”  Sherlock’s face twisted up in concern. “Has this happened to you before?”
Sherlock did allow himself the luxury of a smile as he pushed open the gate, easily finding the symbol of the Resistance carved into the side. Warm memories rose unbidden as climbed the steps to the back entrance. Reconnecting with John in this unlikely old house had been a gift beyond measure. The door flew open as he reached for the keypad, startling him out of his reverie.
Eventually the rest of the party was asked to join in, and several couples flocked to the floor, filling in the space.
“You don’t look like you’ve been eating well, sweet. Look at you, you’re nearly skin and bones. Not that I don’t love those bones.” John hastened to add lest Sherlock get any idea that he wasn’t the most gorgeous thing on the planet.  “Isn’t the food any good in Germany?”
“Oh, God, I’m sorry. I did. Look, I’ll get dre . . . sorted, and be right home. It won’t take a tick.”
.” John read the pink sheet of paper she was pinning to the wall over her shoulder.  “I dunno, sounds a bit dodgy to me.”
The last time they’d tried to engage the new cloaking field around the farm, the power system had shorted, plunging them into a blackout for four hours until it could be repaired. No one wanted to repeat that again.
“Oh, God, I hope I pass the test.” John had been so focused on Sherlock visiting that he’d completely neglected to worry about the apparition exam.
Sherlock went back to his experiments in the morning, and they fell into a bit of a routine over the next few days. “Who you really are” remained up in the air as a puzzle to solve. One evening, they went through the CD’s trying to play each other songs they enjoyed to see if that sparked any ideas. John ended up trying to teach Sherlock to do the Macarena, and Sherlock insisted John get the rudiments of a Tango down. It was silly fun, but nothing clue-worthy came of it.
“Hmmm.” Sherlock grunted, a plan already appearing in his mind of what experimental plant he might gift John with.
“Yeah, that’s me John Watson, humanitarian.” John shook his head. “Sadly, those stories pay crap, and I’ll be skint in no time if that keeps up.”
He didn’t mean to go too fast, rush in where he wasn’t wanted. Sherlock hadn’t given him any indication that he fancied John exactly, but then he had asked him over and spent the day playing tour guide. That had to count for something. The man pulled him in like a magnet, like a bee to a blooming stalk of foxglove. John leaned in closer without much thought and kissed him.  It was electric, like current passing over him, finally getting to taste the glorious full lips that had haunted him for days. Sherlock’s breath was warm and sweet, and he returned the caress hungrily, his hands coming up to hold on. John drank him down with a sigh, feeling as if he’d just arrived somewhere familiar but for the very first time. The angle across the table was terrible though. John’s wretched shoulder throbbed in protest, and after an aching moment of bliss, they sat back.
Kissing, hands still on each other, they moved toward the steps. Somehow they made it upstairs to the big four-poster bed without tripping over each other, though it was a near thing.
It took some time to reach Sherlock after the ceremony ended. People swarmed across the lawn, gathering in ever-swirling knots to chat. John knew several of the Gryffindors graduating, and kept being stopped to say farewells. Two were chasers from the Quidditch team – Ethan Cavanaugh, and Charlotte Wells.
“Good. John, I’m so sorry.” Sherlock twisted his fingers together in his lap. “I can’t believe I was stupid enough to leave you alone . . .”
John was warm, solid, pressed against him, his hands gripping Sherlock, pulling him close. Sherlock buried his face in John’s hair. It smelled oddly of some floral scent, but underneath was the reassuring scent of John himself, so achingly familiar. He breathed it in as deeply as he could. Their mouths found each other, lips seeking blindly. They kissed wildly, frantically, as if trying to consume each other whole. Sherlock felt a sob bubbling out of his throat.
If you like what you're reading, please drop me a note! Your comments are like owl post brightening the gloomiest of Mondays.
After settling their wagers, Sherlock led John to seats farthest away from the knots of men smoking like chimneys, and yelling themselves hoarse at the two men swinging at each other. Sherlock had to admit, the fight was a compelling sight. The men weren’t beautiful in a classic sense, and neither were their moves disciplined, but there was something about their muscled, scarred forms twisting and striking, a dance of back and forth that had him riveted. They wore no protective padding besides the strips of cloth wound about their knuckles, and tight leggings, but they had removed their earrings in concession to the match. Sherlock was so used to the chains hanging from the ears of all the Bajorans that he knew, that this omission made the fighters look more naked to him than if they had been truly stripped bare. One of them had words tattooed across his back, and Sherlock squinted trying to read it. Something in Bajoran.
When nothing was forthcoming in reply, John shrugged and pocketed the phone. Sherlock started the truck and backed it out, idling as John opened the passenger door to join him. John smiled once at Sherlock, then shifted to look out his window, watching scenery, his fingers tapping a rhythm over his thigh. When he hadn’t spoken in some time, Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock whipped off his cap and tossed it on the desk before dropping heavily to the padded chair provided. He ran both hands through his hair pushing it out of his face, then with a sigh, he punched a key to awaken the computer.
“Perhaps the clue is something to do with the titles and we don’t need the actual books.” Sherlock furrowed his brow. “Rings? Kings? Towers?”
My fellow intern is an idiot. For the love of Merlin. Do they not teach the students in the States basic magic working? She nearly burned the potions workshop down this afternoon.
“No.” Sherlock shook his head. “That was my idea. I was still sick, at loose ends. I needed something to keep myself busy, and an article I read in a journal about the recent decline of the bees stuck with me. I decided to try my hand at apiology. I soon had so much honey on my hands though that I needed to find some reasonable way of getting rid of it.”
“What the . . .?”  John startled at it too. Setting his can on the bench, John led them across the hall to the dining room. The Chinese lanterns still glowed dully in the corners, but his light showers had finished leaving only the small purple birds circling the room. Their flight path had devolved into an erratic wobble, and they were now smacking drunkenly into the doors to the conservatory on each pass.
“Oh, I wondered about that,” John said. “They usually just go where they want, don’t they, but I noticed we never saw any in the Gryffindor dorms.”
“Of course they will. How else are they going to crush the Resistance?” Lupaza flung herself into another chair. “It won’t stop us though. If anything the Resistance will gain more support. The moderates will have to get off their arses if they don’t want their friends and families killed.”
“I’m frightfully sorry to bother you, but I’m looking for someone. We had a .  . .  well a moment last week and I never caught her name.” Sherlock fumbled in his pocket before retrieving his phone. “I wonder if you might have seen her here before?”
Sherlock led John into a cool, whitewashed room that must have been the laundry of the house in decades past. He darted about, proudly showing off his machinery that extracted and tested the honey. It looked like something between a mad scientist lab and a wizard’s alchemy lair. Sherlock turned to John, leaning in with a sly look, his narrowed eyes making him look almost feline.
There were over twenty at dinner that night. Thankfully, Grand-mère Holmes had a dining table that conveniently grew or shrank depending on how many were seated round it. It left enough neutral territory that Alaistare and his family could be at one end of the table, and John and Sherlock at the other, and they hardly had to bother with each other. John chuckled at the condiment jars walking about the table on small legs only pausing if someone needed to use them.
John’s cock strained against his stomach, hard and flushed. It looked as if it were fairly crying out for a touch. Sherlock ignored it as much as he ignored the throb in his own pants. John looked as though he were in pain though, writhing over the bed.
“There is. It became injured, and in exchange for some medical care, agreed to stay on and be on exhibit through the summer. We do good work here, and the money from the guests who visit the aquarium help fund it.”
“Of course you need to go. The situation is unstable on Bajor. Your mother is returning to Cardassia Prime, and you are starting at the military academy. It’s past time if you ask me. You need to step up and take your place, son. It’s time you became a man.”  His father stepped forward to clap a hand to Sherlock’s shoulder. “I know you’ll make us all proud.”
“That’s what I do with quite a lot of things having to do with Mycroft. The less I think about him, the better.”
John glanced at Victoire and she nodded. The two of them had been playing Beaters together going on their third year now. Like a well-oiled machine, they took off at top speed together, narrowing in on the bludger that dogged  Alastaire Holmes.
John walked his last patrol the night before break, about to pack it in when he finally saw something more unusual than a couple lingering in a dark space, or some Ravenclaws trying to camp out in the library. John turned a corner and came face to face with none other than Mycroft Holmes in a corridor of the teachers’ quarters. The man stepped into the hallway, pulling a door closed behind him when he looked up and spotted John.
“Brillant!” John said, running a hand over the enlarged powder blue duvet that now stretched across the enormous mattress. “Sir, your bed awaits you.”  He gestured grandly.
“Perhaps something’s wrong with the heating.” Sherlock had to admit he was feeling rather warm himself.
Sherlock ignored the pain along his side when John spread his legs wider to drive into him, snapping his hips with each thrust.  The soreness of his body melted away under the waves of insistent pleasure as John pounded into him.
Sherlock looked somewhat affronted as both John and Mrs. Hudson burst into giggles. He slid gracefully into the chair beside John, grabbing his cup for a swallow to wash the muffin down.
John complained quite a bit the next morning at being roused so early on a day off, but once Sherlock handed him a cup of tea, and his brain came on line, he managed to turn things around. He was whistling a tune with the radio as he parked the green hatchback in the station lot.
A loud knocking jolted Sherlock to consciousness. His eyes popped open to register bright sunlight streaming through the curtains, and the sound of several people gathered outside his door. Two, no three, men stood in the corridor by the sound of the shuffling and low muttering in Pashto.
“Teddy’s right. I was an arse.” Sherlock reached over to scoop up John’s free hand. “It was the stupidest thing I’ve ever done in my life, walking out on John Watson. I hope he’ll let me spend the rest of my life making it up to him.”
you.” The look of awe on Sherlock’s face utterly transformed his already beautiful features into something otherworldly.
Mycroft led the way in silence into the maze of trimmed bushes. Only the crunch of their feet on gravel and the distant sound of laughter reached them until they neared a bubbling fountain. A few small lights set into the ground broke the dark of the evening, showing them a wooden bench that Mycroft motioned toward with a sweep of his arm.
They had gone for a walk, getting out from underfoot of all the party preparations.  A Wizard catering company with “Meilleurs Voeux” printed across the back of their robes had arrived just after breakfast. They had already seized control of the house and lawn to ready things for the big gala.
“Sooo, Sarah, how did things go with Victor?” John moved to join her at the table with his lunch. “Did you two ever connect?”
“It’s fine for people who aren’t celebrities.” Sherlock waved a hand. “But you’ve not been targeted before, have you?”
He swiped a hand over his eyes, taking a deep breath before he felt steady enough to drive the car. When he turned on the radio, an old Little Mix song he liked blared out of the speakers, making him feel a bit better as he pulled out of the lot.
“Ah, I think the crowd’s cleared a bit.” Molly craned her neck looking about. “Let me just pop off to the ladies. Won’t be a minute.”
they took a break for lunch — eating being another thing that Sherlock found himself glad to do to make John happy — and then popped
The bright light in the hallway as the door slid open was a welcome sight, and Sherlock closed the laptop with a snap. He left the computer on the floor near the door as they proceeded to open the line of cupboard doors, searching for anything they might have passed by before. Sherlock found a tie that he had abandoned in one of his storage rooms, obviously something Mycroft had snidely included in amongst his personal items. Sherlock never wore ties. He picked it up with a snort of disgust and examined the thing, but there was nothing to mark it as special in any way. He took a perverse delight in tossing it back to the cupboard floor, before stepping back to let the door slide shut.
“WATSON. Hey, Watson John.” Two Bajoran youths interrupted them, calling from across the street. They ran brazenly through the traffic. A few horns honked, but the boys just laughed as they made it safely through to the kerb. They were taller than John, and thicker, though some of that was the padded jackets they wore, built up around the neck and shoulders to mimic the natural look of a Cardassian. It seemed to be the new fashion.
“I’m sorry, John, I’ve some errands to do.” Sherlock had surveillance duty planned. Technically, he should already have already started it, watching the movements of Mr. Big Brit, but John had thoroughly distracted him from it.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock’s mouth did a funny little wobble. “I don’t want you to go either, but it’s alright. We can meet up later. I presume they won’t keep you around the clock.”
“It’s your best bet for finding Sherlock if he isn’t answering his phone. Or you can wait here. He’s bound to show up eventually.”
“That’s right.” The man winked, extending a hand. “I cannae hide it. Independent war photographer, and man-to-know, John Watson.”
“I know. Me too, love. Soon though, it will all be over. Hey, I got the permission letter back signed from my mum this morning. It’s all official – I can stay on campus for your graduation.”
about.  He remembered the sounds John had made though when he’d pressed inside him, and his cock gave a half-hearted twitch in salute though it was clearly too done in to be much good in the immediate future. What a night.
“God, yes.” John reached out blindly, tugging at Sherlock’s clothes so ineffectually that Sherlock batted his hands away to better pull them off himself.
“I’m sorry, so sorry,” he chanted like a litany, patting over John’s form to confirm that he was really there as much as to check his health.
“Fine.” Sherlock shoved the blankets away, and grabbing the rest of his things, stalked as imperiously as he could in green silk boxers past the man into the toilet. He really hadn’t been expecting to undress before anyone the night before.
Sherlock peeled open an eye that immediately crinkled as a sleepy smile stretched over his mouth. “Jaaawn.” He rumbled moving closer to bury his face in his boyfriend’s stomach. “Mmmmm.” When his soft lips began working their way down his belly to regions farther south, John panicked a bit, shaking his shoulder harder.
“John, are you alright?” He trailed after John to the rear of the garage where they’d worked on the engine earlier.  He was fairly certain they’d already put everything away, but John squatted down to retrieve a sonic screwdriver that had obviously fallen to the ground and rolled to the wall.
“It’s a hand of glory.” Alastaire said with something like pride. If you use it as a candle-holder, it will provide light for anyone who holds it but no one else.”
It was John. Sherlock would know John’s loping walk anywhere, but it struck him suddenly how little he knew of this new, older John. So much time had passed, so much had happened since they’d been together. In some ways, he really didn’t know
“Okay.” Sherlock didn’t always think about eating if there was something better to be done. Eating with John was fun though. Everything was better with John around.
Sherlock gave a half shrug. “I’ve been all over the place, but perhaps you can come to it with a fresh eye.”
“OH, sorry, it. It’s great. Yeah, the other doctors are fantastic.” John waxed on about Dr. Callum, and Sarah while a small frown creased Sherlock’s forehead.
“This is Officer Halverk, identity code alpha 2993-1267. My business is none of your concern, but your position will be MY concern, if this door isn’t opened immediately.”
Sherlock helped John sit against the pillows so he could swallow the contents of the bottle. The golden potion tingled in a pleasing fashion all the way down. “Ah, that’s nice.”John sighed feeling markedly better once it reached his stomach.
. John hunched down over his pages, determined to do his best to finish. When he did turn the exam in, he was reasonably assured it was at least a passing grade . . . he hoped.
Sherlock hissed appreciatively as he took his length into his mouth, applying pressure as he sucked back. It was pure joy to lick along the length of him, alternating swipes of his tongue with the pressure of his mouth. They didn’t absolutely need the lube for this, but it helped smooth things along, and John had found he was partial to the taste of the vanilla. When Sherlock began to writhe, and his breath quicken to harsh gasps, John stepped up his rhythm, holding the base he couldn’t easily reach as he bobbed his head in time to Sherlock’s noises. Sherlock’s cock swelled one last time before he fell apart, nearly sobbing his release. John felt pride as he swallowed the bitter fluid mixed with vanilla, mixed with the smell of Sherlock’s musk.
“Hello, there.” Greg slid in beside him, wrapping him up in his arms, pulling him close for a kiss to the forehead. “God, that was intense.” He voice was half breathless, amazed. Good.
“Come on, we need to hurry.” Sherlock urged John along. The boys ended up running down the street, gaining not a few stares, to reach the transit stop in time. They sagged into a back seat of the bus trying to catch their breath.
It was a glorious thing to watch, Sherlock falling apart, his face gone blissfully slack, as the warmth spurted between them.
“Well, helping guests sleep better is the job of a bedwarmer,” the man said, charming dimples appearing in his cheeks as he smiled. “If you give me a chance, you might be pleased with the results, sir.” He gave Sherlock an almost saucy wink.
As Mrs. Hudson stepped down the hall to conduct what sounded like a rather angry conversation with Sherlock’s brother, John dumped the rest of his tea down the sink. He flipped on the kettle to boil anew, and stared out the window as sharp tones drifted down the corridor.
“Dance with me?” John grinned and Sherlock nodded, still feeling half stunned. John pulled Sherlock in to the moving bodies, and he went willingly, letting John lead him through the simple steps.
The dark trousers and jacket over the creamy white shirt and pale waistcoat complimented Sherlock’s own dark curls on snow coloring perfectly. The tails of the long jacket lifted slightly as Sherlock spun about before the mirror.
They slid together again, Sherlock gallantly holding John up as he pushed the door open for them. It wasn’t fun doing an odd hop/limp down the hall, and they garnered a few funny looks along the route back to the room. John enjoyed having his arm around Sherlock so much, he hardly minded it though. The man was so skinny, he could wrap his arm all the way around him and hook his thumb in his front belt loop. Poor little bird. He needed feeding up.
“Shhh.” His companion gripped his arm, stopping him until the man ahead had pushed through the crowd and continued up the street. Only when red kilt had gained some distance did they start walking again.
“Exactly. He’s trying too hard. Plus, I could hear the vowel sounds of that area when he said his name. He’s heard it too often in his childhood accent to erase it completely.”
“Thank you, sonny, we’re fine from here.” The granny accepted the boy from Sherlock, as the younger woman took the bag from a scowling Larex.
“Ugh, I guess so.” Molly dropped her chin into her hand propped up on the table. “You can’t force someone to like you back.”
With a last nod, he was gone. Sherlock sagged against his chair when he heard the outer door whooshing closed.  He felt exhausted as if he’d just run a few kilometers around the block.
“John,” Sherlock mumbled before they drifted into a doze. “I don’t want you going on the run to the armory.” He reached out to grip John’s arm. “I want you to be safe. Promise me you won’t go.”
The first thing Sherlock noticed as they entered the game room was a piece of old parchment lying on the floor near the bookcase. Curious, he picked it up. He stared in fascination at the list of reasons for admission to the Trans-Allegheny Lunatic Asylum.
When he could open his eyes, Sherlock scooped his hand through the ejaculate that had spilled over his belly and used it to coat John’s erection. He slid his hand slowly over his length.
“Well, now that’s getting a bit scary.” John glanced around the room suddenly worried about cameras again. “Did you say we need a GPS device?”
“It could work.” John licked his lips, excitement rising in his face. “Prophets, let’s do this. I’m in.”
Sherlock glanced about the lobby as a porter followed them in with their bags. The retreat center was all stone floors, natural fibers and indirect lighting, looking nearly unbearably posh. The hired car that had ferried Sherlock and Irene from town had also been equally upscale.
John nodded quickly and began removing his clothing, which Sherlock carefully arranged beneath him as a buffer between his back and the frozen ground.
“What drugs did you ingest tonight besides ibuprofen, and alcohol?” Two clear blue spotlights bore their way into John’s vision.
They sat for a moment in the bright sunlight, the quiet of the day settling over them after the unreality of the morning. A car alarm went off on a street somewhere nearby, and it startled them both.
Molly laughed at that. “If you can manage sneaking into an illegal fight club at thirteen, I think you can manage seeing John.”
“Oh, I do.” Sherlock moved to tug over another bag, working out the bottle of Bajoran springwine.  “Are there glasses?”
“Ooh, speaking of which.” Molly pulled a packet of chocolates out of her handbag. “My mum sent me these, anyone want one?”
“What have we here?” A voice like dark, liquid velvet poured over his ears. “Looks like someone left me a little present.” Fingers wrapped around to press against his throat. The grip wasn’t hard enough to cut off any air, but it certainly announced that it could if desired.
“I meant what I said. I care about the Resistance. I care about Bajor.” Sherlock raised terrible eyes her way.
“Oh, Sweetheart. He sounds like an utter wanker.” John reached out to spread his hand over Sherlock’s heart.
“No doubt. So, is there anything else you needed?” The man’s sharp, clear vowels could have cut glass.
“Yes, who’s there? State your name and business.”  A disembodied voice demanded tetchily from the speaker in the vestibule.
Sherlock wrinkled his brow slightly, and continued on. “It will be platitudes if not outright lies that you are subjected to today. My fellow graduates - you will not be going into a bright, and shiny world filled with endless possibilities just waiting for you to inflict your less than unique skills upon it. No, the world will be as it has always been – a place of toil, and struggle, of defeat and unfairness. Nor have you been prepared for all contingencies that await you in the future no matter how demanding or thorough your education at Hogwarts has been. We can extrapolate from the present what we think the future may hold, but we will not always be right, for the future is a dark and slippery place of many possibilities that only begin to collapse down to a single event when we step forward and fall on our faces, proving ourselves unprepared once more for what awaits us on our slow slog towards our inevitable death.”
“Hello, John.” Sherlock’s eyes were even bluer than he remembered, his dark curls hung damply over a fresh-looking white shirt. John couldn’t help grinning as he pulled the door closed behind him.
“Oh, John, I’m sorry,” Molly waved him back down. “It’s just, Sherlock. He’s been mooning around the labs all week, acting odd. I saw him doodling your name on his lab notes, he tried to hide it when I walked by, but I saw it anyway. Then just the other day, he grilled me on the appropriate ways to show affection in a relationship and what sorts of gifts and gestures were appropriate. I finally told him to go do some research online. I thought maybe you had a ‘one month’ anniversary coming up or something.”
Sherlock pushed himself upright.  “John . . . you look . . . well.”  He didn’t. He looked like he’d been sleeping rough for days, but still, he was John, here, right before him.
Sherlock sighed around him, welcoming  the heft of John’s shaft on his tongue, the musky smell of him filling his senses. He let himself drift as he pleasured John, falling into the rhythm of his sliding mouth. John’s hand reached out for purchase sinking into his hair as he quivered, nearly shaking under Sherlock’s attentions. Sherlock quickened his pace, twisting his hand up to meet each bob of his mouth.
“When the shadow of the ruler crosses the line, we’ll know it’s noon,” Sherlock announced. “The shadows at high noon will let us determine our coordinates.”
“But never mind.” Molly patted his arm. “You probably just need to talk to John to sort things out. He’ll probably show back up once he’s had a chance to cool down.”
John’s mum wrapped smartly at the door before cracking it open wide enough to poke her head in. “Alright you two slugabeds, time to go. There’s toast for the car . . .”  She looked surprised as she glanced about finding only John inside.  One look at John’s face told her the whole story.
John blew out a breath and shrugged. “Who knows, mate? You know, before Sherlock, I WAS only interested in girls. I dunno.  Sometimes things change.”
“So,” John felt compelled to say something to break the silence. “Have you and Sherlock known each other long?”
“No, come on. It’s getting dark, why don’t we come back in the morning when we can actually see. . .”
“Pickle juice,” John gritted out, giving the password and nothing more.  The noise of the party washed over him as the painting swung outward.  John climbed back inside, letting someone slap him on the back and press a fresh bottle of butterbeer into his hand as he slipped back into the group.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, and took the pastry John held out. It was dry, days past its expiry date, but Sherlock dutifully bit into it, washing it down with the over-boiled tea.
“Christ, I went out of town for one day for a photo shoot, and when I came back I didn’t see hide nor hair of you. I thought you’d left Kabul and not told me.”
“Hmm, capers.” John smiled, pulling a small jar from the fridge. “Well, I think a proper fry-up is in order.”
“Oh, Vic, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. I miss him of course, but you get used to it. There’s letters and holidays.  We were really hoping he’d be free last weekend . . .” John trailed off realizing he wasn’t making a very good case. “It’s okay, we have Easter Break coming.”
“What do you want? I know a friend working on his massage license. He could practice on you for free. Hand-made biscuits? Or perhaps you can just come and sit next to John? He’s a pretty good reason to come to study group. Hmmm?”
One of the sea ponies chose that moment to mount another one right in front of the viewing glass. Several horrified parents nearby covered their children’s eyes and shooed them off to a safer exhibit.
“What?” John struggled to awareness. “What do you mean, love?” His hand found its way to the top of Sherlock’s head, carding through his hair.
“Don’t thank us yet, Cardassian,” Lupaza said, hitting the accelerator as soon as they cleared the wall of rocks. “We’re not completely out of the woods.”
About the time John’s stomach was starting to complain, his phone buzzed with a text. John checked his messages and grinned. Sherlock took the noise as a signal to take a break himself, and looked up.
“This is good, a lot bigger than your last flat.” John nodded, moving his rucksack to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“He left it to you.”  Sherlock peered into the small box in his hand, but made no move to take the item out.
“Yes, so you’ve intruded.” Sherlock looked a bit mournfully down at John. “As I said before, what are doing
Dearest readers, I sit in front of the Mirror of Erised watching kudos and comments coming my way. Help make it true before I waste away here! ^.~
Sherlock and John returned the greeting, watching as the teens moved on and a family passed by with several children playing with glowing fiber optic wands, twirling them to make patterns of light in the dark.
“Well, thanks, mate.” John managed a quick smile, leaving the flat before he crumbled. It near gutted him that a complete stranger was being so kind when Sherlock couldn’t even be arsed to show up to say good-bye.
“Truck’s coming in.” Sherlock jerked his chin toward the drive, watching the plume of dust as the vehicle turned in from the main road.
Sherlock found himself growing unbearably hard. He unzipped his flies, pushing his clothing aside to ease the pressure on his straining erection. He sighed as his big Alpha cock sprang free.
Sherlock stiffened, a flicker of concern moving through his mind at being seen outside together, but he quickly relaxed into the pleasure of John pressed against him. Their mouths slotted together naturally, finding a familiar rhythm. He melted against John in a sigh.
It took longer than they thought it would, but they managed to round up a good handful of workers to help with the replacing of the tubing. It was grubby, hot work under the sun, and John only let them take a short break for lunch, determined to finish that day. Finally in late afternoon, all seemed ready. John gave the signal, and the water was turned on.
John sighed and turned to make his way up to the door. He was almost there when he looked up and spied Harry in the front window, boggling at him, her eyes as wide as saucers.
“John, I’m sorry, I know we’ve already . . .” Sherlock cleared his throat. “. . . that is to say . . . I’m feeling a bit . . .” Sherlock glanced up at him briefly. “I’m not . . .” he trailed off, a worried crinkle appearing between his brows.
John greeted the rest of them. Teddy slapped him on the back, looking good in his Aurors’ black, and Owen introduced a pretty, shy-looking woman with long dark hair beside him as Rhea.  “She moved here recently from France.” Owen informed everyone proudly as if he’d had something to do with it. Sherlock greeted her in her native tongue, and soon the two of them were nattering away in French, her shyness falling away.
“Says the man who just snogged me hello in front of the entire River Bank Resistance Cell.” Sherlock reached out to squeeze John’s thigh under the table.
Sherlock made no comment as he watched Lupaza following Naavi to his room that night. He’d missed the change in their status. When he settled in bed next to John, they lay stiff as boards, side by side for a moment before John rolled into him, gripping Sherlock tightly.
"In the interest of creating the scene, you need to struggle," Sherlock says, rolling on top of him. "Safeword?" he asks, eyebrows raised.
The smaller text said that an apparition test would be held in Hogsmeade the first weekend of October for all Witches and Wizards eligible to qualify, and gave the time and place.  John felt a jump of excitement in the pit of his stomach. Finally! Anything that helped him with traveling was a step toward seeing Sherlock more often.
“It was a joke. I got it from a book.” The dragon shrugged, peering closer at the small thing in his mercy. He snaked out his long forked tongue and licked over the creature’s face. He tasted like sweet yeast rolls, something the dragon hadn’t had in years.
“Budgy, no!” The mother yelled at the small boy, grabbing him back when he wandered too close to the street.
.” She smiled with genuine warmth as she recovered and took his hand. “I’m afraid John’s told me nothing about you.”
Sadly, the chaos was not to be escaped just by reaching the relative safety of the outdoors. Sounds of fighting followed them, the violence obviously spreading quickly into the streets. Someone threw a bottle that broke a window, and a shrill alarm kicked off.
“Oh, they are excellent live,” Teddy added forking up a bite of pie. “I saw them perform last year in Covington. They were brilliant.”
“I know. I know it was mad behaviour, the purview of the stalker, but I would come once a month or so, and check up on you. I couldn’t help myself. You were always dating someone new, but you’d go back to Bianca in-between, and you looked so fit, and tan, and healthy. I didn’t want to bollocks it up, drag you back down into my madness.”
“Brilliant,” John said, “and maybe we can go by a grocery and pick up some things so we aren’t eating out every meal?”
“Good. Glad that’s settled. Now let’s see how quickly we can get out of here.” John glanced at the heap of his discarded clothes in the corner with a wince.
“Ready? Let’s go. This way.” Mrs. Watson gestured, and took off, glancing back to make sure John and Sherlock were right behind. John reached out to catch Sherlock’s hand, and the two of them pounded after her, making their way toward the gate.
As soon as the door downstairs closed, Sherlock darted over to pluck up the letter Mycroft had left behind. He plopped into his chair, tearing open the envelope to unfold the paper within.
to visit the Space Port club.” John muttered by his ear. “The dabo tables at the Lucktown casino could be just as fun.”
“Sherlock, we can’t . . .” John gasped as Sherlock nipped at the side of his arse cheek, trying desperately to bite through several layers.
“He’s scrummy.” Sarah’s eyes shone as she turned to face John. “He’s even nicer in person. Ooh, I don’t want to say anything more. I’m afraid I’ll jinx it.”
The waiter bustled in delivering their cups of thick, black coffee, and a plate piled high with enough pastries to instigate a diabetic coma.
John caught Sherlock staring at him with narrowed eyes, understandably confused about their sudden excursion and now John smiling like a loon. John shrugged and entwined their fingers and giving Sherlock’s hand a gentle squeeze.
John pulled back to look at him incredulously. “It’s a whorehouse for homosexual sex between Cardassians and Bajorans. Do you think they’d stay open if it were bugged?”
“Good.  Those two are good for each other.” Grand-mère Holmes turned to look out into the night for a moment. They sat quietly as the insects continued their chorus, a living, pulsing hum around them. John tipped his head back and found the stars so bright here, a spill of diamonds over the velvet of the night sky.
John tapped his lip as he thought a moment. “I think it will be eight years this February." He held his glass up in toast. "The rest, as they say, is history." John took a sip.
“It’s just me, Mrs. H, and I’m dressed.” John glanced down at his old tee shirt and worn pyjama bottoms. He certainly wasn’t the height of fashion, but at least he was covered.
Sherlock and Bill stayed close as the pups slid over each other, licking and nibbling, rubbing their whole bodies against each other. When Samantha rolled onto her knees, sticking her arse up to present, and John’s cock twitched, looking painfully hard, Sherlock was ready. He opened a condom packet, rolling it quickly down to cover John’s erection. He followed it with a dollop of lube from a small bottle that he smoothed over John’s length with a few passes of his hand. John rumbled a pleased sound, his eyelids at half mast as he nuzzled at Sherlock. He looked almost confused as Sherlock moved back when he’d finished.
“No, no, I’m only kidding.” She waved him off. “Make sure you go visit the Shrieking Castle. It’s always popular with the tourists. They serve a wonderful custard thing at their café.”
“No, no.” The man hastened to stop Sherlock’s backpedaling. “I’d love that. What’s a good time?” He licked his lips again.
After that, a sort of agreement seemed to have sprung up between the dragon and the hobbit. The Little Hobbit didn’t try to escape, and in exchange, the dragon brought him anything he desired to keep him well. Each morning, he presented the hobbit with new food that he had foraged, and each evening, he brought him to writhing orgasm in new and varied ways. One night he used the flat of his tongue to spank the hobbit quite soundly before wrapping his tongue around his cock to bring him off. The hobbit sobbed his thanks.
Oh, sweeties, I know, cliffhangers are both fun and HORRIBLE. No worries, it won't be anywhere near the wait for the next chapter where all will be resolved. I am utterly committed to finishing this story & thank all who have read, and kudoed, and commented during this long and treacherous journey for Bajoran John and Cardassian Sherlock. Bless you all for your support! :D
He ended up finding them both in the community room of the converted barn, bent together over cups of tea. Sherlock couldn’t hear their conversation, but Kira said something with a smile, leaning in to touch John’s forearm, and they both threw back their heads to laugh.
John hadn’t had any more night terrors, not since the first one. He’d had trouble dropping off with Sherlock gone though, and he woke each morning feeling as if he'd hardly slept at all with a vague memory of strange dreams that left him unsettled.
Many thanks to the nonny on Tumblr who gave me the prompt of docking/foreskin play for this next chapter. Since this was a new thing for me, I did some online research, like you do. I felt Sherlock who learned to fold Sydney Opera House serviettes from YouTube would have approved. Hope you enjoy! ;)
“No, love, no.” John chuckled as he turned to face Sherlock, one hand rising to cradle the side of his cheek. “I’m sorry, maybe I shouldn’t have brought it up.  I don’t need another heartstone. I’ve got the real thing now, I’ve got you.”
“Well, Mrs. Kent, in fact, Sherlock is interning, but John is temping . . . and being paid? We did discuss this.”
It was impossible to track where it started, but a fight broke out that rippled quickly through the crowd. Sherlock and John both ducked their heads down, making their way as quickly as they could toward an exit. Unfortunately many of the other patrons had the same idea, and a crush of people stampeding to get outside blocked the way. A stray glass thrown caught Sherlock in the back, and he grunted changing their direction to pull John toward the bar.. They clambered over the bar top and burst through the service door into the kitchen and private areas behind. Sherlock hardly glanced at the stunned employees, boxes and equipment as they thundered down a hall to a service stairwell. They pounded up, taking the concrete steps two at a time, panting, until they found a door that expelled them finally into the blessedly cool air of the alley.
It obviously wasn’t enough to fill the need of his gaping hole, and he soon reached off camera to return with a truly enormous dildo in hand. It was made to approximate an alpha erection as closely as possible, complete with ropy veins and a slight bulge at its base. Sherlock knew that only an Omega in full-blown heat could take a true knot, but the swelling at the base of the toy was very suggestive. Sherlock squirted a glob of lube into his palm, and slicked it over his own cock. It was cold, but warmed quickly as he moved his hand. The slick was nowhere near as fragrant as an Omega’s natural fluids would be, but it provided the necessary slide all the same.
“Well, it’s just that it’s a bit rude.” The Little Hobbit shuffled his furry feet against the ground hoping to stave off the inevitable. “I’d rather not say it aloud.”
Once upon a time there lived a young prince known as Sir Boast-A-Lot. It wasn’t his real name, but he was such an insufferable know-it-all, bothering everyone about the castle, that someone called him the nick-name and it stuck. Soon no one even remembered what the prince was actually called. Despite the name, the prince continued sticking his nose in where it didn’t belong. One day a woman, a distant relation, came to visit the castle. Unbeknownst to the prince, the woman was a powerful sorceress. When the prince insulted her that night at dinner, revealing private facts about herself for all and sundry to hear, the woman was enraged.
John meant to say something in reply, but completely forgot what it was as Sherlock’s lips engulfed him in glorious wet heat. John gripped at the sheets so he wouldn’t pull at Sherlock’s hair, willing himself to lie still as Sherlock sucked him down leisurely until most of John’s erection had disappeared down his throat. Sherlock slid back just as slowly, his perfect lips dragging along John’s length.
A Bajoran waiter dressed in a tight white tunic and leggings sashayed up to his table. “Well, good evening, sweetheart. What are you drinking? We’ve a special on galactic sunrises tonight.”
“Not random, and not just letters. Note how many times the X appears, along with other mathematical symbols.”
John woke tangled up with his roommate in the grey light of dawn, Sherlock plastered against him. The man breathed deeply, his face squashed against John’s chest, while John’s leg lay pushed between Sherlock’s long, lean thighs.
“Don’t care.” The man dragged him back into his embrace. I’m clean, and you’re a doctor in the army.
“Better yet, don’t come at all,” Sherlock added, leaping up to stand next to John, his arm snaking around his waist.
Sherlock wiped his nose and eyes on his sleeve, and stood. He followed the man dully, to find his mother on the terrace by the outdoor tables waiting for him.
“God, John, come here.” Sherlock pulled John into his arms until their mouths could connect. Sherlock kissed him greedily, licking into him, no doubt tasting himself on John’s welcoming tongue.
A shadow fell over him as someone stood, blocking the sun. “Hey, John, everything alright?”  Victoire asked.
Somehow Sherlock continued his investigation even though images of John making love to large silicon toys just down the hall plagued his mind. He was able to interview the last Alpha in his dressing room, a disarmingly pretty man named Steven. Although he played hard and loose with the truth, Sherlock tripped him up and finally got the information he was looking for.  Sherlock left Steven weeping in his make-up chair as he swept into the corridor, confident that he’d have a full report for Angela in the morning. He spied the Beta named Gary again, and stopped him, asking after John. The man informed him that the Omega had already finished for the day and gone home.
“You were mistaken,” Sherlock clipped. “John, I want you to know that while I appreciate the gesture,” he motioned to the food, “I need to make it clear that I am not interested in relationships of any sort. I don’t have the time for such nonsense.”
“Erm, no worries. I was going to just meet up with Victoire for a moment in the common room before lights out.”  Teddy’s cheeks had gone just the smallest bit pink as he turned to open his trunk.  “I’ll let her know.”
“I’ve suffered enough twisted ankles myself.” Sherlock shrugged. “You grow accustomed with how to treat them.”
“Don’t you have to wait for the ickle newbies to try out? The team is down two chasers,” Tom pointed out.
“This looks old.” Sherlock knelt down by a box that had slipped open in transit, one of those holding his books. Sherlock smiled as he held up a tattered, thin paperback.  “Timothy and the Two Witches” the cover read.
John climbed awkwardly out of the cab dealing with a cane and bag, as his wretched shoulder and leg both decided to act up.
“You know, Sherlock, you’re far too old to be interested in infant things any longer. It’s high time you took your own place in society. Why, when I was your age, I’d already been at the academy for two years.”
John nudged against the rim, gently inserting two slick fingers, sliding in and up. Sherlock groaned, a deep rumble of a sound, accepting the intrusion. It was moments like this John blessed his medical experience. Using his knowledge of anatomy to locate the sweet spot, he curled his fingers to press against Sherlock’s prostate. The  man shuddered beautifully under him, babbling random sounds as John rocked him from the inside out.
“Watson John it’s good to see you again.” She nodded his way. “Thank you for bringing our guest today.”
car.  He’d never actually owned his own vehicle before. John glanced at Sherlock as he slowed for an intersection. Sherlock looked as pleased as a cat in the cream.
“God.” John collapsed over him, and they lay simply breathing together, waiting until the world righted itself, and they could see straight again.
All too soon they reached the officer's door. Anderson pushed a button, waiting until the door slid open to admit them.
“Will you excuse me, please?” John felt that the walls had suddenly gone too close. “I think I need some air.”  John pushed blindly through the crush of many-coloured robes in the room heading toward one of the tall glass double doors leading outside.
Then I walked around the town a ridiculous amount of time on Google Street Map. I decided to pretend that a bridal shop down the road was the spot for the Menswear Shop & Tailor they visit  . . .
“If you could explain, please. I found your obituary in the Kent News,” Sherlock prompted carefully.
“John, I’m so sorry.” Sherlock looked about to cry. “I ruined it before, and now I’ve ruined it again.”
“Wow.” Harry’s mouth dropped open as she leaned back to avoid a bird zooming past her nose. “So what’s this all about, I thought that school didn’t let you do magic at home?”
The luggage seemed to consider this. It looked miffed at being ordered to leave, though John would have been hard pressed to explain how a small wooden trunk could actually look upset. Still it moved obligingly enough to obey Sherlock’s request. They watched as it trundled off to settle in the en suite.
“So, if you’re done sticking your big beak into my affairs, perhaps you’d do me the honor of pissing off?” Sherlock lifted his own eyebrow.
The panting turned to moaning, Sherlock’s hands clenching and unclenching on the arms of the chair. The sight drove John wild. He increased the speed of his thrusts, fucking through Sherlock’s feet until he came with a shout.
“As often as I can. John, I’ll try to be back in a couple of weeks, okay? As soon as I can get my next whole weekend off.”
“I’ve nothing in. Can I take you to dinner, John?” Sherlock asked almost shyly as they dried off with towels in the steamy bathroom.
John dissolved.  The next thing he knew he was in Sherlock’s arms, their mouths moving heatedly together as if they were trying to drink each other down.
“Coffee.” Sherlock barked in explanation as he stumbled forward, dragging John with him toward the lit windows.
Teddy took the twin’s impending departure as a reason to leave himself. “I need to see my girl.” He shrugged, blushing slightly. “Sorry lads. The house is paid up through next week though. You two can still stay, enjoy the place. We don’t all have to abandon ship.”
The road finally left its winding course to rise again into the mountains, the engine groaning its displeasure.
John leaned forward slowly to brush his lips gently against Sherlock’s. Soft, so soft. John reached up, cupping the side of his face, his fingers sliding back to wind their way into curls. Sherlock made a tiny sound, just a gasp really, and without even meaning to, John tilted, pressing in, and the kiss deepened to some hot and urgent. His hands grabbed at Sherlock’s coat as he surged in, nearly climbing into his lap in his need to be closer. Sherlock’s arms slid around him, holding him tightly, not a sliver of space left between them. John devoured his beautiful man for minutes or hours, the two of them lost in a world of their own until a loud shriek of laughter pulled them away.
“John, Joooohn . . .” Sherlock moaned under his caresses, arching his back, burying his fingers to John’s scalp as he writhed. “No, wait, don’t want to come yet . . .” Sherlock pulled at John’s hair to get his attention. “Please . . .”
He wasn’t the usual sort of male Omega one generally found on upscale porn sites, not some sweet, young thing preening for the camera. No, this man was older, almost middle-aged with a network of fine lines crinkling at his eyes when he smiled.
Sherlock was tired by the end of class, but feeling reasonably satisfied with the way things had gone. All in all, it was an auspicious beginning. He bent to retrieve the bottle of water he had brought along as everyone dispersed. After a few good pulls to slake his thirst, he lowered the bottle to find John had appeared before him, smiling.
“An unauthorized access code has shut down the perimeter cloaking field at 21:30 hours,” the female voice responded politely.
Sherlock let John drive home, positively insisting on it. John felt a bit nervous at first, being responsible for such an expensive car, but his joy at handling it soon burned through any misgivings.
“We might as well get food,” Mr. Holmes said with a wink. “No telling how long all these good-byes are going to take.”
“Yeah, a hot date.” John grinned. Of course this wasn’t, strictly speaking, the truth. A pub night with friends wasn’t that special, but he was really hoping his gorgeous roommate would also turn up. Perhaps with the lubrication of a few pints in a relaxed place they might unwind, discuss a few things. If he were just a bit tipsy, John might even have the courage to simply reach out and . . .
John didn’t think they’d ever actually gone to bed at the same time. It felt a bit strange, turning down the covers, putting out the lights, getting ready for sleep together. Sherlock left his desk lamp on as he changed into an old tee shirt and loose pyjama bottoms. John quickly averted his eyes to give him a bit of privacy, taking a moment to gather all his stray socks off the floor and get them into his laundry bag.
I do so love me some Spanish guitar so in the spirit of this chapter, here's a lovely song to listen to as we contemplate John moving to Costa de la Luz -
They lost their jackets over the back of a chair, rolled up their shirt sleeves, and had at it. John danced with abandon, rolling his hips, swinging his arms, delighting in trying to follow the beautiful moves of Sherlock as he dipped and curved like smoke through the air. The girls from John’s table spilled onto the floor and danced beside them, grinning and laughing. The dance area filled up around them.
“Oh God.” John gasped as Rhys moved against him, pushing John deeper into the bed.  John slid his hands up over the corded muscles of Rhys’s smooth back, and held on.  How had they come to this? One minute they’d been having an ale in the Three Broomstick’s pub, the next minute Rhys stood at the front desk paying for a room upstairs, and then . . . this. John reared up, and sank his teeth into the taut muscle between Rhys’s neck and shoulder.  Rhys groaned deeply and sped up his movements.  John knew this wasn’t Sherlock, the body above him felt all wrong for that,
Sherlock moved to turn off the music, hitting a button on a sound system in the corner. John caught a glimpse of himself in a mirror along one wall, and grimaced. His tee shirt was stuck to his chest, his wrinkled shorts riding up his thighs, and his hair plastered with sweat across his forehead. Sherlock was equally damp, but somehow he managed to look dewy, enticing, his curls an energetic halo around his head. John just felt disgusting.
Alastaire chanced a quick glance over his shoulder, and no more, but it was clear he’d gotten the message.  He streaked toward the ground with the mad ball, and the Gryffindor Beaters right behind him. The green of the field rushed toward them at an alarming speed, but at the last moment, the three Quidditch players pulled up. The unwitting ball kept going, slamming into the turf. In but a moment, it wrenched itself free from the ground to continue its grim chase. John and Victoire swung in, on it in an instant as the ball zoomed back up.
They stopped long enough to wake Owen who had fallen asleep in a squashy armchair with a scroll dropped over his face, then headed by the kitchens to beg food from the house elves. John chewed at his lip wondering if there was time to pop his head in at the library and see if Sherlock was about and wanted to come along, but he thankfully saved him the trouble. They bumped into him in the hall on their way toward the front entrance.
“No worries, Mum.” John called the waitress back, and had the offending seafood boxed up for carryout.  “So is it a boy, or a girl?”
Even in his teeth-chattering state, John was pleased to see the look of concern that settled over the girls’ faces.  Their expressions soon shifted to something like terror though. As one, the girls screamed, and turned to crash back into woods leaving only Victoire rooted in place staring wide-eyed, a hand pressed to her mouth.
Tentatively Sherlock pushed his cock alongside John’s, keeping the stretched skin clamped over their overlap. It felt lovely, and strangely, oddly intimate in a way John hadn’t experienced before. By small degrees, Sherlock worked his glans back and forth, rubbing against the head of John's cock. Watching the tip of Sherlock's length disappearing into his sheath was wildly erotic, and John clutched at Sherlock’s shoulders to keep himself upright as his knees weakened. He struggled for a good breath as the pleasure built inside him.
When the lock released, they made their way to the kitchen. John rummaged through the cupboard while Sherlock put on water for tea. John pulled two likely packets of food from the shelf after Sherlock agreed to a chicken with tomatoes thing. Later at the table, John had nearly devoured his chili while Sherlock was still picking over his plate, working to separate the various elements before consuming any of it.
They stripped annoying layers of clothing off as quickly as they could to get to each other. Finally bare, they surged close. John groaned as Sherlock slotted against him. It was so familiar. It was as if no time had passed since they’d last held each other like this, and yet it had been forever. John ran his hand down Sherlock’s back, mapping the bump of each vertebrae, relearning the topography of his love.  John discovered a tattoo inked over Sherlock’s bicep, a little bee. He made a small sound of wonder as his fingers traced over it. The bee fluttered its wings. John bent down to press his lips to it.
“I noticed earlier that there was some sheet music in here, but I didn’t look through it all. Maybe there’s something by The Beach Boys from 1966.”
John shuddered, groaning until he reached out to grip Sherlock’s forearm. “No, don’t want to come . . . like this. Want you inside me.”
Once Sherlock had filled a few bowls and set them on a tray, they moved to the room with the large central cube that served as a hallway in their living space. Sherlock smiled at the cushions and the box of food that John had already set up for them. When Sherlock had settled himself with his back against the cube, John moved to douse the lights. The complete darkness was unsettling.
“Me? The Prefect is interested in me?” Sherlock blinked. Attention from the ruling head of Bajor was not exactly something Sherlock was hoping for.
“No side effects from the poison hex?” Lestrade leaned in to ask in a low voice. “Weakness of limbs? Blurry vision? Gaps in memory?”
“Here, up on your knees.” Sherlock helped John to get his legs under him, letting him rise up to knees and elbows.
“Sherlock, I am about to show you something that few outside the inner orders ever get a chance to see. This is a relic from the Prophets themselves.” She reached out to the box swinging its sides open to reveal a bright light within. It was shaped like an hour glass and spinning lazily around its axis.
Sherlock raised his hand to the top button of his shirt, splaying his long fingers across his throat in a sensual caress. He deftly undid one button, then another. John’s hand unconsciously fell to his crotch.
“Offer is still open.” Mike gestured to the floor as he gathered up the cards. “I’ve got a sleeping bag if you want to kip here, Nigel doesn’t mind.”
“Watson, it makes sense though. We’re set up here to take people in.” Lupaza turned serious eyes John’s way. “We could use help on the farm. Why not make it a refugee camp?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to deliver some scathing retort, but Mummy intervened. “Now, now, Mikey, stop that. If Sherlock is under the weather, he can stay home and rest.” Mummy reached out to pat at the lump that looked to be Sherlock’s leg buried under his coccoon of blankets. “We have been busy lately.”
“Well, this will do quite nicely, I think,” John declared, dropping his rucksack to the floor before sinking to stretch out over the bed.
“Ah, you’ve caught me out,” Sherlock said. He leaned in to whisper conspiratorially by John’s ear. “Don’t tell anyone, but I’m really an adjunct operative for MI6 sent on a mission for top-secret intel gathering.”
Hmmm. Sherlock made a noncommittal noise as he moved John toward a buffet table. “I’m a bit hungry? How about you?”
The man’s white shirt was rolled to his elbows revealing artfully sculpted forearms so pale the blue of his veins shone through. He scooped out some honey for John to try, passing the plastic spoon over with a hand that was as long and elegant as its owner.
“Well, that’s something.” Sherlock sniffed unhappily until John pulled him in, and dropped kisses all over his face until he laughed.
Sadly, he’d avoided John’s eye all night, and when John asked if he were headed back to the dorm afterwards, Sherlock had mumbled something about an experiment in the lab and hurried off.
A few were of course still scowling at the Cardassian that had just phasered a room full of unarmed Bajorans.  Sherlock quietly slipped back to the house as soon as he could, leaving the capable adults to mop up. When John dragged wearily back to bed a few hours later, Sherlock pulled him into his arms, and got the full story.
“Go see Madame Comfrey if you don’t feel better tomorrow,”  Teddy said. “We’ve Quidditch practice after classes.”
“I understand. I suppose we can just stay here for awhile. Make this a base.” John glanced around at the cozily-lit room. “No reason not to.”
“Oi, WANKER keep it down!” One of the seventh years growled. He chucked a wadded-up paper ball that bounced off Teddy’s skull. “Some of us want to graduate this year, all right?”
John paused to glance over at Sherlock. “You still with me?” Sherlock had closed his eyes, and raised pressed palms to his chin looking like some effigy on a sarcophagus.  He cracked one eye, rumbling something in the affirmative, so John continued.
“Oh, I know. I think I did alright in biochem. I just have my genetics class to do tomorrow, and then I have a bit of a breather for awhile.” Molly dipped her spoon into her lentil soup.
in Eastbourne, UK. It looks like a fantastic spot for events and general visiting. You might look it up if interested!
“We’ll be home in the evenings, and there’s a Muggle library in town you might enjoy.” John suggested.
“Oi, John, what’s going on with that one?” Tom nudged him, jerking his chin toward Alastaire and his mammoth friend as the class stood to gather ingredients for their first project.  Dom stood listening by his side.
“Teddy, no. It was my own stupid fault,” John managed to croak.  “I was crawling around on the rocks . . . . like an idiot. God.” John rubbed his hands over his face. He felt so wretched. His head ached, his knees stung where he must have scraped them, and he felt positively freezing in his wet things. A shiver started up his spine setting his teeth chattering. He couldn’t seem to stop it.
“Well, I think I could clear up my busy schedule of packing the last of my socks to make some time for you, yeah.”
Sherlock collapsed across his sofa, throwing an arm over his face. The ride back in to town had been exhausting to the nth degree. Irene had been fantastic keeping the Prefect occupied with amusing tales, and entertaining flashes of cleavage. He definitely owed her. Sherlock thought briefly of sending some wine to her flat in thanks, and decided he wasn’t up for it at the moment. He made a mental note to see to it first thing tomorrow.
John smiled as he moved to examine the space. Pieces of driftwood, shells, and some pretty stones had been brought in and arranged in patterns on the floor. One set of stones clearly spelled “FUCK.”
When the hated day arrived, Sherlock had wished John a safe trip, allowed John to kiss him good-bye, and stood at the window watching as the taxi pulled away to take him to Heathrow, and out of his life.
“Aw, chin up, it’s a charity ball for the hospital. Raises all kind of money. You’ll meet everyone who’s anyone in the local medical community there. Also, Evan insists.” She named their senior partner with raised eyebrows.
John slid the banana into his mouth, biting off the tip. Sherlock felt mesmerized just watching John’s jaw as he chewed.
“Alright,” John said. The ghost of a smile crossed both of their faces.  John had never enjoyed side apparating.
With a shrug, John popped open “Balto 2: Wolf Quest” and fed the disc into the DVD player. It was about a family of talking dogs. The father was half-wolf and touchy about it, not wanting to be singled out as different. The mum had a litter of pups with one that looked more wolf than her da. When the pups were set for adoption, and the one who looked like a wolf was passed up, John shifted uncomfortably on the sofa. Christ, it was just a cartoon. Later she ran away and the father had to fetch her from the woods. John found himself getting into it, the music wasn’t half bad. He chuckled at himself, glad Sherlock wasn’t in the room to tease him over it.
Sherlock loathed the tea parties where he had to wear upright collars, and mingle with snotty Cardassians of his own age “to give him some polish in these accursed colonies.” He’d growled at the prats often enough that they cut him a wide berth at events now. Only one, Molly Hooper, a shy daughter of Glinn Hooper, one of the officers under his father, still agreed to suffer his surly company. Sherlock had to admit that Molly was one of the least idiotic specimens there, and the two enjoyed discussing scientific news as it came out in the journals. Molly probably would have become a friend to Sherlock if he hadn’t spent every minute of those gathering counting down the time until he could see John again. First-day was the only time in the week the two of them had the whole day together. Second-day was for religious observances, and many of the servants including John and his mum had the day off, spending it away from the manor.
John took a deep breath. With one hand laid on his thigh to settle them both, he slid fingers down, down, carefully parting his glutes to find the tight pucker of his entrance within. Ever so gently, he worked a fingertip inside. He was rewarded with a low groan. Emboldened John pushed in farther, watching, fascinated, as it slid slowly back and in. When his friend had relaxed, melting into the bedcovers, John reached over to take hold of his cock.  It was long and elegant just like the rest of him, and John’s heart swelled to see how vulnerable he looked, sprawled out under his hands like this.
“No, it’s fine. You’re right, I know.” John laid a hand across Sherlock’s back. “I really enjoyed the walk, and the cave, thank you.”
“John, I’m sorry. Before . . . I would take chances . . . I never really worried. I mean if I were to die, who would really care?”
“Thanks.” Tan, sturdy fingers just barely brushed his own long, ridiculous ones as he reached for the offering.
They’d  been playing with fingering over the last few weeks, making liberal use of the several bottles of lube they’d picked up at the shops, but full penetration was a new thing.
by Johannes Linstead.   Also, don't worry, there's light at the end of the tunnel for John and Sherlock! (promise!)
“I’m sure you understand what I mean. Sometimes we need to put our personal lives aside for awhile in service of the greater good. I see great things coming from our Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock tuned them out as the two bickered over the best route to safety, closing his eyes to lean his head back.
Sherlock slid the first two beads slowly in and out, allowing the third, still larger, bead to press more and more firmly against him with each in-stroke. Eventually all resistance melted, and it popped inside.
“I do too.” John glanced down at his grubby self. “Also I guess I need to turn this in.” He shook the envelope. “Meet you in the lobby in twenty minutes?”
“Not yet, I have to go to my parents’ first tonight. We’ll all come over tomorrow for Auntie Tessa’s big breakfast though.  Are you staying there?”
“Yes, let’s.” Sherlock said, shifting his feet on the slightly sticky floor. “I think I’ve had enough of FIRETOWN.” He threw his hands wide as he named the band.
John returned his smile. “Well, come on you lot, I wasn’t lying. If we want to pass our exams, we DO have things to get to.”
John felt an unreasonable relief when his hands found the edge of the large cube and then moved to connect with a curly head of hair.
Sherlock found a seat alone on the next train outbound. He hunched down, staring out the window, avoiding the gaze of the guard that paced the length of the carriages. Only a handful of travelers got off at the last stop with him, and Sherlock left them easily behind, walking with a practiced lope along the pavement. He turned down a quiet road that led to a line of old, forgotten-looking warehouses, finding the one that matched the address John had given him. Circling to the back, Sherlock discovered a small door left unlocked as described. Sherlock stepped warily inside, sniffing the stale air, and passed through a foyer to the dim main space of the storage area. He barely registered the bulk of some nearby farm equipment when a voice called out.
“Mmmm. You smell good.” Johnny’s eyes slid shut again as he reached his nipples, lightly running the pads of his fingertips over them. “Were you thinking of me today? I was thinking of you.”
John paused to glance over at Sherlock. “You still with me?” Sherlock had closed his eyes, and raised pressed palms to his chin looking like some effigy on a sarcophagus.  He cracked one eye, rumbling something in the affirmative, so John continued.
Sherlock pitched his voice to carry over the trashy dubstep beat, and John responded almost immediately, eyes snapping open to fix on him. His movements were slow, his pupils dark, almost overtaking his irises, but he recognized Sherlock immediately, and made no protests as Sherlock grabbed his wrist to tug him away from his place of honor in the pit of debauchery. The other dancers groaned collectively, and a few made to halt their progress, but Sherlock hadn’t studied fencing and three forms of martial arts for nothing. He elbowed and shoved any protestors aside, quickly making a path for him and his flatmate to the nearest exit. They tumbled into the cooler air outside with relief. Sherlock finally allowed himself a deep breath as he rounded on John to grill him on the reason for the spectacle of the evening.
“This is barmy. I’m afraid to say good-bye.” John ran a hand back through his hair. “I have this terrible feeling that once I go, I’ll realize I hallucinated this whole thing.”
“Would you have come back to London otherwise, John?” Mycroft had successfully moved the woman along, and returned to swing his hawk-like focus to John’s face. “Wasn’t your original plan to study healing at St. Mungo’s? Did I do so wrong in helping you achieve the goals you yourself had set?”
“Sherlock, John? Boys, are you up?” Mrs. Watson called through the door. “John, why did you lock the door?” She rattled the knob.
Sherlock slipped another finger inside, and allowed a rhythm to form as he rocked his hand into John, pleased when his lover moaned appreciatively.
In a heartbeat, Sherlock had pounced over John, his thighs straddling his waist as he reached to pin his wrists in the morass of pillows at the head of the bed. He could tell the moment when John had tensed, primed to fight him, and then made himself relax and lie pliant.
John shook his head, entranced, watching Sherlock’s mouth as it moved closer.  When it bumped against his ear, John closed his eyes. “Mmmm,” Sherlock rumbled, and proceeded to pour honeyed whispers into his ear about all the things they could be getting up to later. John gulped as a slow weight settled at his groin.
“After looking at this.” Sherlock tipped his chin to indicate the beautiful ring of trees around them. “It’s hard to believe that one day my father and uncle became death eaters. That one day they just woke up and decided to do something unspeakably evil. I heard they tortured people for Voldemort. Why would they do that, John?” Sherlock turned pale eyes John’s way. “I’ve never understood it.”
“Harry, you don’t have to be in charge of me anymore.” John gentled his tone. “I know I was a right mess when I first got back, but I’m better now. It’s okay.”
“Oh, no, mate. I’m not going to be the poor sod dragging all over campus. I’m FINE with sharing a room. If you want a single,
They waited at the lift, nearly quivering in anticipation when the door opened revealing Sherlock’s Aunt Rose, and his rude cousins, Alasdair and Tilly. Alasdair cut them a quick glance, and sneered. Ugh. John’s good mood plummeted.
It was Teddy who had shushed everyone. “Now, enough you lot. Nothing to see here. Sort your own knickers, please.”
After eating, they did the washing up, making sure things were properly put away. Sherlock felt a sudden melancholy wash over him then, a nostalgia in advance for the teapot and dishes he and John had used together for so many months. It reminded Sherlock so much of saying goodbye to his grandmother’s at the end of holidays when he needed to return to school.  So strong was the impression that for a moment, Sherlock fancied he caught the scent of the lavender from her summer garden in his nose. He chided himself that it was most likely just the smell of the dish soap they were using. John seemed similarly lost in his thoughts as they made a last circuit of the place, looking for anything they’d left behind. He stopped them at the door, doubling back to snag a last bottle of wine from the kitchen before declaring it was time to head out.
Sherlock looked over to see that John had already climbed out the window, slinging a leg over the sill. John shook his head before sliding fully over, hanging for a moment by his fingers before letting go. Sherlock heard the whump, and rushed over to see John sprawled on the balcony below.
“It was, erm, good to meet you.” John stepped closer to extend a hand toward Mycroft, hoping something normal might diffuse the spiraling tension.
“Come, let’s step outside.” Mycroft motioned toward some tall glass doors that opened to a terrace. A number of guests had drifted outside to enjoy the mild weather of the evening, and they moved past them to walk deeper into the large sculpted garden behind the residence.
The elusive Watson Harriet was John’s older sister, but Sherlock had only met her a handful of times over the years. Sometimes when mother was having a big party at the house, Harry had come in to help out with things in the kitchen, but mostly she was busy apprenticing with some tailor’s shop on the other side of Dahkur. Or being a tart at the space port if her current appearance was anything to go by.
The females tended to group in clumps around the main bar and at the tables. The males, on the other hand, took up much of the dance floor, and the smaller bar where a fit blond man with no shirt was cheerfully pouring orders at an astonishing speed. Sherlock found himself following the movements of the barkeep, his arm muscles shifting as he hefted bottles, and worked the taps. It was somewhat mesmerizing.
It was only a few minutes before Irene appeared, hastily dressed, her hair pulled back more tidily. Sherlock got out of the car to meet her.
“Happy birthday, sweetie! My, look at what you’ve done with the place.”  She stopped to glance around the sybaritic retreat that John had created in his bedroom. “Isn’t it fancy in here?”
Before John knew it, Professor Lestrade rapped smartly on his desk and time was over. “All right, that’s it, people. All wands and spoons down, please.”
“Why didn’t you say so.” John pulled Sherlock into his arms and proceeded to snog the life out of him.
“I stumbled across a Wizard place while I was browsing the shops the other day. I didn’t expect it at all.”
In point of fact, only Irene has commented on Sherlock’s absence as John obsessively watched the door, but he didn’t need to get in to all that.
“Let me see your orders, please.”  The clerk held out his hand, and Sherlock dutifully passed over a data cube. The clerk slotted it briskly into his reader pad.
John tried to write something the professor had said into his notebook. Sherlock shifted, moving to lean an arm across his desk top. Sherlock had the fairest skin. He’d rolled his shirt sleeves up to his elbows, and the long, pale line of his forearm contrasted so beautifully with the dark of the wood it lay against. John noticed Sherlock had neglected to take out a notebook or laptop, merely smirking as he watched the teacher sketching out another diagram.
The services cumtoys offered varied from establishment to establishment. Some places went as far as to allow full body contact with the whores if you didn’t mind doing your business in view of the whole room. Others were strictly hands-off, enjoy the scenery, and shoot your load over their waiting skin from a distance. This place looked like a combination of the two. With the dear price of the cover charge, Irene wasn’t surprised at a little hands-on fun allowed on the floor.
John let himself in the front door a bit nervously, wondering who or what might greet him that evening. He’d called Sherlock as he left the office, but had only reached his voicemail. All was quiet when he walked into the foyer. When he called out for Sherlock, he heard a muffled reply from the back of the house. John found him in his workroom, elbows deep in honey as he bottled what had dripped from some honeycomb into his vat.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but acquiesced to John’s direction that they lie back, getting comfortable against the headboard as he prepared to read.
It was almost as if the earlier thoughts had summoned the git. Sherlock sighed and hit a button to accept the call. Just as he expected, the window opened to the beaky nose of his older brother filling the screen. As Mycroft settled back, Sherlock could see he was still wearing the black uniform of the Obsidian Order, but the background of hanging tapestries, and a nearby sofa filled with cushions marked it as his private residence. The strangest thing by far though was the expression that had wiped away Mycroft’s usual bland smugness. Worried. Tense. Sherlock’s tiredness dropped away as a shiver of cold ran down his back.
“Hey.” John reached up, cupping the side of Sherlock’s jaw. He couldn’t help leaning into the warmth of it. “No one’s leaving anyone. We’re a team, you and me. Together.”
John didn’t mean to kiss Sherlock in the lobby in front of everyone pulling their bags past, but before he knew it, they were twined together, and John was dissolving under Sherlock’s sweet kisses, those plump lips caressing his over and over.
It was a pleasure as always to feel the finely-tuned engine coming to life.  John clicked the lights on, and pulled the car away from the kerb, giving it a bit more petrol than expressly needed to take off down the street. He kept it to near the speed limit until they hit the open road, and then he let the automobile go. John took a curve a bit too fast, hugging the turn as they zoomed around, the force pressing them back against the seats. Beside him, Sherlock laughed, open throated.
Farid led them quickly through a main sitting room and down another corridor to reach an outside exit.
“What?” the dwarves exclaimed rounding on the Little Hobbit. “You’ve known all this time and said nothing?”
All eyes in the farmhouse’s main room fell to the console as the small group waited together. A diagram of the property displayed on its screen showed a dotted blue line flashing around the property line.
When the big bus, covered with ads that didn’t move, squealed up to the kerb, Sherlock tilted his head, and asked the bus driver in a lilting accent, “Zeez bus, she go downtown, no?”
“That’s ridiculous.” Sherlock sniffed. “Having money hardly makes you a worthwhile person. Most of my family is dull as dust. You’re much better company.”
, they exist outside of time as we know it. They show us probabilities of what may be.” The Kai stepped forward to close the box, shutting the light off from the energy field, plunging them back into darkness.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, “John Watson. Now that I have found you, as long as you will have me, I never intend to let you go.”
“So are you the Holmes of Holmes’ Fine Honey, then?” The skin around the man’s eyes crinkled attractively when he smiled.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but remained quiet as John slipped a finger under the flap and pried it open. He turned the envelope over to dump out a stapled-together packet of papers that fluttered to the floor. When nothing else seemed to be forthcoming, John bent over to retrieve it.
“Yeah, it’s okay, Love. I’m not far.” John reached out and caught Sherlock’s out-flung fingers, and they held hands over the center seam as they drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock couldn’t help the shiver of jealousy that shimmied up his spine at the two of them wrapped together. They were of a height, and looked so much as if they
“Unngh, I need you,” the Omega panted on screen. “I need your cock in me. I’m so empty without you.”
“Ah well, we knew it was coming.” Dom sighed looking about at the adobe-sided villa, and the waves gently rolling on the beach beyond. “This was just a lark before the shop swallowed us up again.”
“Alright.” John nodded. “If you’ll excuse me just a moment.” John climbed out of the bed, starkers, making his way to the toilet, the slight limp back in his gait. Sherlock watched him go all the way until he shut the door. He was beautiful. From the proportions of his shoulders to his hips, to the length of his sturdy arms and legs, to his cock, impressively-sized even in repose, the man was simply lovely. It was a crime to have him moldering away in a place like this.
It took a few moments to extract themselves from the gathering, make some good-byes, gather their coats and find their way back to the valet to retrieve their car. They chatted about Victor and Sarah for most of the way home, then drifted to other topics until finally they were pulling into their familiar drive.
"Why should we ever do what Mycroft wants and follow his direction in another one of his envelopes? Maybe we should never leave this island. Serve him right. We should make this sex holiday permanent," Sherlock grouses as he sits on their bed. He's holding a heaping bowl of Otter Valley ice cream in one hand and picks up the envelope with the other.
“God.” John raked his hand back through his hair. “I called so many times about getting it taken out, and then I didn’t want them to take it away, and stopped calling. Now . . . I just don’t know anymore.”
“Thanks.” She smiled a watery smile. Nodding wordlessly to Sherlock, she passed him, moving to her room.
Back at the house, Sherlock found an old picture of John in a Boy Scouts uniform. “Can I have it?” he asked, eyes shining.
When the daughter encountered a singing mouse giving advice, John sat up. The song kept repeating “Who you really are.” John listened all the way through, excited, before running for Sherlock.
There was no way Sherlock’s mother could read John’s mind, but he felt a wave of embarrassment crest over him all the same.
“John, I’ll miss your everything, so much. I’ll try to do better with the smoking. There are some potions that could help with quitting . . .”
The evening was not so different from their other visits to the fight club though even more people crammed into the room as the night progressed. The fighters swung and kicked, slammed, and clawed, more nerve than technique, and the crowd cheered for each bloody hit. John was unwisely on his third drink, red in the face, and laughing at something Sherlock said, when a hush settled over the crowd. The next pair of fighters to step into the ring were not a pair of Bajorans, but a set of Cardassians, stripped to the waist, stretching as they eyed each other, scanning for weaknesses.
Everyone did, and as they passed the bag around, John couldn’t help craning his neck around, searching the crowd for a head of dark curls, but Sherlock was nowhere to be found. He looked again at the end of class as they were leaving, his eyes skimming over the other students almost automatically, but his roommate seemed to have well and truly skived off class that day.
Sherlock almost laughed. “No. There was a boy at school, Victor. We had . . . something for awhile, but he was worried about being found out. It would have meant jail time, a career ruined if we’d been discovered together. He broke it off after a few months.”
Sherlock reached the back bushes where he normally kept his bag of disguises. He hadn’t had a chance to restock his stash, but Mrs. Watson nudged his arm, handing him something. “You can wear this, dear.” Sherlock shook out the wad of cloth, and found it to be a hooded cloak. He shrugged it on gratefully while Mrs. Watson passed something to John. “Put this on, love, quickly now, it’s cold.”
“The point is accidents do happen. I know magic gets out of control sometimes. It’s all right.” The side of Mrs. Watson’s mouth hitched up slightly.  “You, however,” she rounded on Sherlock, “will need to stay out of the office for the duration.  It won’t make sense if everyone but Edith knows you’ve been there for two weeks.”
“ . . . you can’t judge him too harshly, you know.” Irene said. “There’s so much pressure to succeed, to do well at the workshop.” He didn’t hear John’s mumbling answer, but Irene popped back in. “He’s the youngest you know, the youngest to ever get an internship at Herr Moser’s.”
John was grateful when the conversation turned back to the massive party the night before and who had made the biggest fool of themselves. John laughed along, but was privately glad he’d given the off-campus gathering a wide berth.
The Resistance continues to set up a new cell by the river, and holidays bring unexpected events to the farm.
She and John sat in the corner of the common room with bottles of butterbeer while the party surged around them.  The Gryffindors had been more than happy to join in an impromptu celebration on beating Slytherin. Music and merriment filled the room, as students shared the food and drink people had scrounged up. Someone conjured up a beach ball, and everyone joined in the fun turning it different sizes and colours as they batted it around the room.
“Oh . . . right. Yeah. God, I’m an idiot.”  John raked fingers back through his hair. “Look, I can go, leave you to it. I’m sorry. I . . .”
“Oi, John, you’ll have to help Teddy fill up the team next year.” Charlotte laughed as John hugged her good-bye.
“That’s true,” John said. “Life is short though. Need to grab it while you can.” John sipped at his tea.
“DECORATIONS? Did someone say DECORATIONS?”  John asked wiping his mouth on a napkin. “Oh, you needn't worry about that, mum!” He leapt up to dash from the dining room.
“Well, we’re all going to Hogsmeade this weekend, and we’re going to have fun. So much fun. All the fun.”
“Discontent is festering closer than you might think, brother dear.” Mycroft tipped his chin toward the servants at the end of the room laying out table cloths. “Do you think they welcomed the superior leadership and protection of the empire with open arms?  Nay, the populous of herbivores sharpens their teeth as we speak.”
In a flurry of good-byes, and air kisses, and floral perfume, the women made their farewells, and floated off out the front door.
Raphael worked as a librarian. John had met him at the aquarium, after he’d been showing off for the visitors, swimming about with the squidiphants.  John had of course struck up a conversation. He’d been drawn to Raphael’s good looks right away, but it had been his wicked, dry humor that had made John ask him out. Of course he’d bollocksed it all up later as he always seemed to do. He forgot important events, left work late too often, and when Raphael suggested moving in together, John had balked.
“No, God, no. I’m so sorry.” John turned to sit on the edge of the bed, dropping his head into his  hands. “That’s not what I want at all. I’m an idiot.”
“Okay, then. What else might fall under your brother’s definition of ‘clever’? Some of the other codes were related to the doors they unlocked: the nursery rhymes about food to enter the pantry,
“No, it’s alright.” Sherlock looked ruffled as he reached for his wine. “You didn’t tell them we were going out though.”
“Mmm, I think this morning calls for some deka tea, I’m knackered,” John said, looking through the pantry to select a box.
John grinned. Now things were getting interesting. “Okay — let’s pull our chairs together. Shoes and socks off. Your foot in my lap, mine in yours. You keep your hands to yourself, though — I’m in charge of all the rubbing.”
“Yeah, well, the price of genius, I suppose,” John said, starting to grow a bit irritated with the conversation.
“Okay, fine. Look, I get it.” John massaged the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. “I won’t take up any more of your time.”
“Come on, let’s grab a quick early dinner. I don’t much fancy explaining things to the whole crew just now.”
Sherlock nodded, and John rose, taking his hand to tug him toward the back. A tall Cardassian man stepped in front of them.
go well. He felt a twinge in his leg, and rubbed a hand absently down his thigh. Since Sherlock’s absence, his psychosomatic limp had made a bit of an annoying comeback.
Sherlock pulled out the phone, and after a modicum of trial and error managed to switch it on. Sherlock was disgusted to see Mycroft’s smug face filling the screen as it flickered to life. John crowded round to watch.
Noise from the busy pub greeted them as they made their way to the stairs to the rooms above.  John slowed as he recognized Victoire sat at a table by the windows.  “Oh hang on a, mo.” John called over his shoulder as he headed her way.
“I wasn’t tired of it.” Sherlock moved to his desk chair, removing his coat, and dropping his bag before sitting. “I was the one who cancelled the order for the replacement in the first place.”
“Right, I’m only saying this once. I have no plans to leave. Not unless Sherlock asks me to go.” John lifted his cup to drain the last of it. “Even then, I’d probably get on my knees to ask him to reconsider.”
After making their way through a few more personnel and scheduling issues, the group finally reached the end of things. John rang the chime that signaled the close of the meeting. Chairs scraped across the floor as people rose, the burble of conversation drifting past as they dispersed.
“Uh huh.” John licked his lips. His cock jutted out before him, eagerly awaiting whatever Sherlock had in store for him.
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to overstep.” The look on Victor’s face was almost contrite as he held up his palms. “Look, I can go.”
John peered at the ball.  It caught the light in a pretty way, but besides finding his own fingers, magnified from the other side, there wasn’t much to see. They both gasped when a small cloud suddenly formed at the orb’s centre. It was blurry, but John thought he saw a flicker of azure waves and bright white sand.  A blond man walked alone on the beach, stripped to the waist. He looked fit, sturdy, and well-tanned as he gazed at the water, putting a hand over his eyes to shield the glare. The vision passed as quickly as it had arrived.
Normally, John would have offered his partner a return favour after such a fabulous orgasm, sucked him off or given him the use of his hand before they slept. He wasn’t an inconsiderate lover by any means. Sherlock, however, had let John know he didn’t normally go in for that sort of thing right off. John had reached for Sherlock’s flies after their first encounter, and Sherlock had gently pushed his hand away. He was grey asexual he explained, enjoyed getting a partner off, but didn’t normally like to climax himself.
They jolted apart at a knock on the door, quickly pulling blankets more decently around them. Marie appeared tutting and smiling with a tray of breakfast. They took their time clearing their plates, and by the time they emerged, washed and dressed from the cocoon of Sherlock’s room, the day was already half over. John was very relieved to find that the guests had cleared off already, save Philippe who practically lived there. After poking around a bit, they managed to locate Grand-mère  Holmes and Philippe ensconced in a front parlor as she opened her birthday gifts.
“Aw, Harry the last time I went out with you, you drank so much you got sick, and then you drove off and left me at that taco place.”
“Oh please, if people are going to eavesdrop, we might as well make it worth their while,” Sherlock said airily as the cashier mercifully handed them the receipt and they were free to go.
“Yeah, this is a job for beaters,” John said. “Teddy, come on, you can stupefy the thing once we get it away from that one.” He nodded at the broom rider who looked quite panicked as he turned again narrowly missing a direct hit.
“There was a shipment of grain coming down to the outpost. I decided it needed extra attention to make sure it got here safely.” John looked tired, but the grin that lit his face caused an answering bloom of warmth to grow inside Sherlock’s chest.
Mycroft gave Sherlock a pointed glare to which Sherlock replied by sticking out his tongue as soon as his mother turned. Being in the service hadn’t done a thing to improve Mycroft’s annoying, overbearing ways, not that Sherlock had though it would. Thankfully after a few more farewells from his mother, the lot of them moved out of his bedroom, and Sherlock could start phase two of the evening.
Sherlock blinked awake to bright sunlight filtering in through a thin rattan blind. He registered a dull ache coursing through his entire body, and the sound of someone brushing their teeth quite vigorously from somewhere nearby. He pushed up to one elbow as John Watson appeared in the doorway to the ensuite dressed in a dark kimono, foamy toothbrush in hand.
“I know what you mean,” Sherlock said. “I might have gone into something else if my father hadn’t been so insistent on the military.”
“All right, what are you two having?” One of the waitresses leered in at them, balancing a tray of glasses on her hip.
“Yes, thank you sir.” John ducked his head, embarrassed until the two Bajorans had cleared out, moving to wait discreetly downstairs.
John dozed with his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, letting the motion of the train soothe him. They really hadn’t slept much the night before, and John needed the kip. Sherlock had sprung for first class tickets with their wider, comfier seats, and John took full advantage, stretching out.
“John, it’s Saturday,” Sherlock complained, squinting to bring the clock in focus. His dark curls stuck out madly around his head making him look like a drunken angel.
“Oh, God, yes.” John pulled the headphones from his ears. He realized how suggestive that had sounded, and tried to backpedal a bit.  “If you don’t mind, that would be fantastic.”
Mycroft peered down at him suspiciously. “What wrong with you now, Sherlock? Is this a phantom pain that travels at your convenience?”
“Okay.” John licked his lips. He thought of where he wanted to go, turned toward it, and moved across space and time to step onto the front step of the Three Broomsticks Inn with Sherlock at his side. It turned out apparating was MUCH nicer than side-appartating.  John turned to him, a smile so wide it hurt his face.
Mrs. Kent patted at her streaked hairdo as if it had somehow been disturbed from its shellacked state. “Well, how strange. We’ll just have Mindy fix that. MINDY!” Mrs. Kent called. “Wherever's that girl got off to now?”
The two idiots simply boggled at him. He could see their eyes latching on to the officer insignia on his jacket.
I found a really lovely historic hotel converted from an old country manor near Northampton to serve as a model for this wedding location. Called Highgate house, it looked simply perfect. You are welcome to drool over some of the great pics you can view of the site . . . https://www.hitched.co.uk/wedding-venues/highgate-house_2931.htm
Thankfully the weather was mild the next day, and John enjoyed the chance to spend some time in the sun, even bringing food along and making a real picnic of it, helping Sherlock as needed. The first steps of his grand plan had involved sticking the ruler in the ground, using the weight tied on a string to make sure it was standing level. After using the compass to determine north, he scratched a small north-south line in the dirt with a nail beside it.
“Please we mean you no harm,” Sherlock caught her bag before it hit the ground. “We just want to talk.”
“We’re fine,”  Sherlock said. Once he was uncovered, he moved to stand before a wall striped with an alternating a blue and green pattern.
“Relax.” Sherlock was already reaching for the things, running his fingers over them. “We don’t have to actually USE any of these tools. We just need to search them. They might be another clue.”
“Again, my apologies for disturbing you.” His insufferable brother smirked a last time, and then mercifully quit the flat.
“Well, yes, technically that’s true. So, hungry? Interested in going out or should we just forage for stale bread and expired yoghurt in the kitchen?” Little things like doing the grocery shopping tending to fall by the wayside when a big case was on.
After the roar of approval had died down, the headmistress spoke a few words, then the guest speeches began.  Someone from the Ministry of Magic got up to speak  . . . next generation . . .  hope of the future . . . always use sun protection . . . double check your wards when summoning spirits  . . .
“Yeah, I heard you call Sherlock ‘good kitty’ in the halls once.” Teddy said looking at his feet. “Sorry.”
John’s phone trilled him awake much too early for a Saturday morning. He reached over, grabbing at it from his jeans by the bed, angry that he hadn’t turned the sound off the night before. He didn’t catch the call before it went to voicemail. John squinted at the screen. It was just Harry. John muted the phone, and tossed it back to the floor.
Sherlock wasn’t surprised that Sean seemed to have confused him with a settled Alpha. He took pains to shower twice daily with a wash that tamped down his natural wild scent. Fielding offers from hopeful parents every time he went out in public wasn’t his idea of a good time.
“Are you sure about this, John? We don’t have to go if you’d rather not.” Sherlock eyed the house as it nearly shook with the pounding music blaring from within.
They paged through the book trying to match the shape of the dot patterns, finally realizing they were numbers. Sherlock got his laptop out, and typed in each number as they found them. When they had finished translating, they had a string of numbers, but no answer as to what it meant. Sherlock tried working out some sort of pattern to no avail.
“Good morning, pardon the intrusion.” Sherlock looked even taller and more regal that usual standing in Harry and Clara’s narrow front hall.
“John, people like me well enough when I can help them in academic situations, but my interpersonal skills leave something to be desired.” Sherlock’s eyes looked luminous, huge wells of stormy seas. “I can’t . . . do that to you.”
At some point, John finally untangled himself, removing and binning the condom, and returning with a cloth to wipe them off.
They were on each other in an instant, helping each other out of their clothes, things flying to the floor as John backed his new friend toward the bed. John’s fingers worked on the row of buttons on the man’s dark shirt, leaning in to suck kisses onto each new inch of pale flesh revealed.
When the sound of the door snicking open came to him, John’s senses jumped to high alert, his ears pricked for any sound. He was disappointed when Sherlock made no noise that he could track as he crossed the carpet. After a squirmy minute, the breath caught in his throat when a pressure gripped the back of his neck and skull like a vise, driving the side of his face into the mattress.
After another round of the drink that Sherlock made himself choke down, Kira announced that it was time they were on their way before curfew made traveling dangerous.
It was nearing lunch time, and a large cauldron of soup bubbled promisingly on the hearth behind her. John undoubtedly wanted something more filling than a few doughnuts.
“These are restricted things in here.” The man gestured angrily toward the tall cabinet. Sherlock’s eyes flicked quickly over the insignia of his uniform.
“A scientist.” Sherlock raised his chin defiantly. “I’d love to do some work with hyperbolic phase transmission. There are some fascinating new discoveries being made in the area, but the field is still wide open for advancement . . ."
John couldn’t properly see underwater without goggles on, but he tracked the body splashing along beside him as his arms sliced into the water, his legs kicking with all he had. Sherlock was good. He pulled ahead instantly, long-limbed thing, but they evened out as they had to slow to navigate the shallows. As they pushed off from the side, Sherlock paused, fumbling, and John soared ahead, easily making the other side several strokes before Sherlock’s long arm reached out for the edge.
Going against their word, their dwarves broke out into gales of laughter at the Little Hobbit who had blushed clean up to his pointed ears. Chortling and giggling, the dwarves clutched their round bellies with mirth until the grating sound of the large stone moving stopped them. When the stone had moved back just enough to allow a very small person to slip through, the dwarves patted the hobbit on the back and wished him luck on this quest to find the hidden gem.
“He isn’t a problem,” Sherlock ground out. “I need to blend in, spend time with some of the other Westerners here or I’ll be an aberration. I’d stick out.”
“I’m a consulting detective.”  His mop of curls bent down as he typed something on his phone, his thumbs flying over the screen.
“You’re a menace.” John smiled. “God, I love you. Oh, I mean . . .” John panicked for a moment. No one said that the first time they had sober, awake sex, what was he thinking . .
“Well, I’m not gay exactly. I’m bisexual. I like girls and boys.” John bristled a bit, but held his ground. “And I didn’t shag four girls last term. I went out on a few dates, but I didn’t sleep with them all.”
“That’s horrible. God, I knew Steven was an Alpha knob, but that’s really low – even for him.” John dragged both of his hands through his hair. “Poor Emile. He’s such a tender-hearted thing. Fucking Alpha.”
“No, no, please come join me. Sometimes a private chat is just the thing.” She waved to the empty chair beside her.
“Molly.” Sherlock felt his own surprise roll over him. She looked lovely, clad in a long silvery dress, her hair piled up over her head in the latest style.  Instantly Sherlock felt guilty. He’d hardly thought of Molly since he’d last seen her– at that ruined party at his parent’s house on Burning Night.
Sherlock pulled the cylinder open, and found a curled piece of paper inside. He coaxed it out with his fingers, and spread it flat to read  . . .
Sherlock tensed for a moment before sinking into the kiss. A noise left John’s throat. It was heaven to touch Sherlock, finally, finally, but when John licked between the seam of his lips, he tasted cigarette. John couldn’t help recoiling.
“We’re picking up the soil reclaimator.” Sherlock stepped briskly forward, extending the invoice. “In a bit of a hurry, if you don’t mind.”
Sherlock moved to a long set of shelves along one wall filled with translucent jars of honey ranging from pale yellows to the deepest ambers. John had the sudden passing fancy that  Sherlock had bottled sunshine up and hoarded it away for a rainy day. The tall man had to go up on tiptoe to reach the back of one shelf to pluck up the pot he was searching for. He unscrewed the lid, and finding a knife on a worktop, returned to present John with a bit of wax honeycomb oozing sweet yellow drops.
Molly looked rather rumpled, but very grateful as John grinned around the table, one arm still slung about her waist.
Sherlock curled his arms around John, holding him tightly. John could feel the coiled power in the muscles, and it comforted him like nothing else. He sighed from his toes up, feeling utterly at peace.  “God, love you.”
“I love what you’ve done with the place.” Sherlock’s gaze moved over the modular shelving unit, the colorful sofa, and bright red arm chair to land on the abstract rug beneath. “It’s very  . . . erm, modern. Quite amazing what results can be achieved on such a small budget, hmm?”
“No, we actually met at the Farmers' Market.” John struggled to keep up. He decided he might as well eat while dealing with the friendly but slightly barmy neighbor. He helped himself to a spoonful of the new jam, spreading it over his toast to take a large bite. “Mmmm, this is delicious.”
Sherlock refused to reply, and they finished out their patrol in blessed silence until it was time to go in.
When Sherlock’s brain finally came on line, he jolted half upright, looking about. “John, what time is it?” There were no windows in the Resistance stronghold and it could have been anywhere from midnight to midday with the lack of ambient light.
“It’s me, Sherlock.” He called out, “I’m just feeding the fish. “Don’t come in. I’ll be out in a mo . ..”
“John, are you alright, dear?” She knelt by John’s side. With a wave of her wand, she conjured a glass of water that she pressed into his hand.
“Harry, leave it. I don’t want to talk about Sherlock tonight.” John drained his bottle. “Come on, let’s tell Mum we’re off to give her some peace and quiet, and I’ll come see your band. Just don’t tell Mum we’re going out, she’ll just worry.”
John climbed the stairs to the bedroom, used the loo, and stripped down to his briefs before sliding into the bed that Sherlock must have tidied earlier. He made himself comfortable with a couple of pillows behind his head as he waited for his gorgeous, sexy boyfriend to join him. The toll of the last few days made itself known though, and he relaxed back, closing his eyes for just a moment.
“He used dress up like a grandmother under a veil to sneak out of his parents’ house when we were kids.”
“Yeah. That was amazing. Although the view in this bedroom right now isn’t too bad, either,” John said, giving Sherlock an appreciative look. “I’ll bet you could put on a show to rival the Northern Lights.”
Sherlock sighed as John kissed over the swell of his stomach, caressing it with lovingly rubbed circles. “Hellooo babies. Helloo in there.” John rumbled his voice against Sherlock’s pale skin stretched taut over his cargo. A small shiver of movement rippled under the surface in answer.
“Relax, John, they’ll still serve us.” Sherlock lifted an eyebrow. “Henri, one of the French journalists at my hotel told me about this place.”
“Oh, don’t be an idiot,” Irene chided, swatting his knee with her hand bag. “Kate loves company, and we hardly ever have anyone over. Do come up.” Irene knew Sherlock had only an empty flat to go home to.
“Lucky guess.” Sherlock shrugged. “This one’s on sale.” He lifted a jar of the borage honey.  “Only two pounds, end of the day clearance.”
Sherlock rolled onto his belly with a sigh. It was an old argument, and one that he hoped his mother would win again with his father. The idea of going away to military school sent a shiver over Sherlock’s skin. He’d rather go the day after never, but it seemed inevitable that eventually he’d be following his brother, father, and grandfathers in a line to an illustrious military career. If it could be another three standard years away though, that would be the best of a bad situation. A lot could happen in that time, a life could be lived in that time.
“Almost complete.” A proud smile stretched its way across the man’s lined face. “We should have it up and running in a fortnight. We’ll be doing tests over the next few days.”
John had a cup of tea, but didn’t have the heart to fix any food for breakfast. At work, he struggled to put on a good face, to rally up the energy to give his patients the attention they deserved. When Sarah stopped by his office to say hello, it was salt in an open wound.
“I know, I wanted to see where this one goes.” John smiled, downshifting as they rumbled along, tall grasses brushing by the doors.
With Herculean strength of will, John rolled himself to the edge of the mattress, got his legs under him and staggered starkers toward the loo.  Sadly there was no Sherlock in the bathroom either, but John managed to use the toilet, wash his face and hands, and gulp water straight from the tap until he felt slightly more human. His head still ached, but at least he could bear to keep his eyes most of the way open.
“Shh, shh. Don’t worry, alright?” John squeezed him tighter. “There’s no sense in thinking the worst until you get all the facts.”
Sherlock reached down to retrieve the thing from the floorboard. He passed it through the opening to John’s waiting hand.
A second good thing was of course having Victoire back with the group again. She and Rhys had summarily broken up after that snogfest on the field, leaving her open to officially hook up with Teddy. John had to smile at the two of them finishing each other’s sentences. They looked good together, and Teddy’s ongoing magnanimous mood spilled into much reduced Quidditch practice as the temperatures dropped outside. If John walked in on the two of them snogging in the common room, he was fine with looking the other way. It wasn’t as if he and Sherlock hadn’t bent the good grace of others getting off in public a few times themselves. Sherlock, oh, Sherlock. John dreamt about him almost every night. Sometimes Sherlock was lost and John had to wander unfamiliar streets calling his name, frantic to find him, but other nights Sherlock lay stretched out beside him, and John would wake in a hot flush to bundle his sheets up for the laundry.
“I missed you today.” John said once the lights were out, and they lay side by side in bed. He scooted closer to nibble at Sherlock’s ear.
“Good. It looks like Sherlock’s gotten a better flat. I told him he should though he didn’t think it was worth the bother. I wonder if his brother . . .” John frowned. “Ah yes, the
Sherlock settled them carefully, mindful of John’s injuries. It was sweet beyond belief to lie next to John, pressed along his side. Sherlock inhaled the scent of his cleaning products, and under that the comforting scent of John. Cautiously, he slipped an arm around John’s waist.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock swallowed. “I can certainly restore her, but she’s already seen the display  . . .”
It was nearly evening when they made it back outside from another door, emerging in the alley behind the chemist’s shop. Sherlock took a deep breath of fresh air, grateful to be out of the cloud of sweat, and smoke below.
“Oh, yeah, I guess so,” John chuckled a bit self-consciously, patting the back of his hand. “I just missed the hell out of you. Are you really free to come home?”
Bianca let forth such a torrent of curses in Spanish that the translation spell had trouble keeping up with her. The kelpies thought better of their actions, and flipped back to swim down into the tank. In the viewing window on the side, John could see that the creatures had transformed into something much less pretty under the water.
Sherlock nodded, resuming their walk, leading John farther past some large boulders to another section of the beach where . . . several completely nude people waded knee-deep in the water, while a few others relaxed on towels nearby. They weren’t especially buff, some a bit saggy or pudgy around the middle, a mix of men and women. There was nothing out of the ordinary about them, except for the fact that they were completely starkers on a public beach in the middle of the day.
Sherlock allowed himself one moment of blind panic, letting the phone slip through his fingers to the desktop.
Sherlock’s blood turned to ice as a second head appeared. Of course, Quen was at his friend’s side as usual.
“I know I don’t have to tell you this, but it’s imperative that Sherlock not have his attentions divided next year as he takes on this internship.” Professor Leech slid his reading spectacles farther down his nose to better peer over them. “The reputation of Hogwarts goes with him, and I shouldn’t like to see him distracted when he needs to be putting his energies toward his career.”
Somehow Sherlock eased John down to the ground, turning him around so that might crawl over him, licking wherever he found bared skin, up John’s chest through the parted shirt front, over his neck, along his jaw, over his face. When their lips made contact, Sherlock thought he might have died and gone to heaven. It was nearly incandescent, kissing, tasting, licking deeply into John’s mouth. John was as delicious as he smelled. John whimpered and thrust his hands into Sherlock’s hair, holding on tightly as he kissed back, arching up against him as best he could.
“That was Mummy.” Sherlock bent over, balancing on one foot, to tug on a shoe that didn’t quite want to admit his foot.
They joined the queue for lunch, grabbing trays to move past the food bars, and swiping their dining cards to pay when they were loaded up. John collapsed onto his chair once they found a free spot to sit, looking briefly about. The walls were painted a pale green, covered in pictures of bamboo and pandas, and the subtle sounds of airy flute music played in the background. It was a bit naff, really.
John licked his lips as he watched Sherlock unwinding a length of rope. He tied it around one of his ankles in a complicated knot, then passing it under the bed, pulled it over to secure the other one. When he pulled on the end, the rope drew taut, effectively pinning John’s legs to the mattress.
“I’d like to say no, but I’m sure there are.” John chuckled. “God, I swear someone tells that bloody story every Christmas.”
Sherlock’s hand-held scanner confirmed that they youth had sustained internal injuries as well as several fractured bones in his bound foot. Sherlock used a tissue regenerator, passing it over Naavi’s sleeping form for several minutes before selecting a hypo-spray to inject him with a combo of immuno-boosters, and a stronger pain-killer. Lupaza hung around watching over his shoulder as if he were about to kill the boy he’d just worked so hard to get into the quilt-swathed bed.
