“All right,” Steve murmured and ran his thumb along the nape of Tony’s neck, so lightly it could have been a brush of air.
Steve was now naked, covered in a blanket on Tony's couch. Tony brought a few more blankets from the cupboard under the stairs and started tucking Steve in better. Steve tried to curl around himself, bringing his legs down from the pillow pile. He was starting to shiver in huge, violent shudders, and for the life of him Tony couldn't remember if that was a good sign or not. Whatever the case, the best he could do was try and get him even warmer. He threw a few more logs on the fire. A hot water bottle would have been useful, but he didn't have one, he didn't think. He ran and brought baby thermo-pads from back when Morgan was colicky. Still, one look at how tiny the pads were compared to Steve's huge body convinced him how ridiculous the notion was. Steve's teeth were now chattering like a woodpecker, and he needed to do something quickly.
; he thought he would burst with the frustrated wanting.
"No one ever comes," Tony said. "Sometimes they push food through the kitty door. Sometimes not. At irregular intervals, I think. Haven't really figured it out." He paused, wanting to ask what date it had been when they got Steve, to ask how they got him, but other matters were more pressing. "Listen, are you in pain? Did they beat you?"
Tony had been inching in the general direction of his horse ever since Steve first addressed him. Now he waved one hand towards the animal. "I should, ah, be on my merry way before it gets really dark."
My voice sounded bitter in my own ears. "To have a life. Like he always told me to." A whole life, with him; but even with the power of navigating time at my fingertips, I couldn't think of a way to do it that wouldn't rob him of the future he could have with his family. It would be self serving and manipulative, to go there at some point in time, and just pull him away, knowing what else he could have.
"You don't understand," I said more sharply then I intended. Ripping off the Band-Aid was the best strategy, perhaps, but I could still try to be gentler. I took a deep breath. "I'm in love with you." His face was unreadable. "I'm sorry, Tony." His eyes, an unbreakable piece of code. Watching my every move. "I can't do this, I can't be friends with benefits with you, I can't, because I love you, and I really, really have to go now or I'll probably start crying, and I'm really trying to avoid that?" I finished matter-of-factly, because that way I kept a semblance of control over my own words.
It seems they are back to playing with the handle, because the pommel is cold against Steve's left nipple, pressing into it, circling until it perks up, alert and sensitive. And then the coarse woven leather of the handle itself is being dragged over it, now across the areola, now against the nub itself, snagging. Softly, then harder, then softly again, until his nipple feels hot, a little sore, and it's still not enough. He wants
Steve seemed to be thinking about the same incident, unfortunately; because of course he’d had to glance up right at that moment, and see. “You really weren’t hurt? Back there?” he asked now.
, because now, all of a sudden he did, it all made sense, it had all become so clear, here in Steve's arms: how much of idiots they'd both been, how blind...
Tony: That's how I say I miss you, you should fucking know that by now.
"What do you mean, why?", Tony snapped.
Steve didn't have any experience with divorces or big breakups. To do that, he'd have to be in a long relationship first, which was also a thing he didn't have any real experience with. If this whole situation seemed a little harsh on Tony – well, surely Tony and Pepper knew what they were doing. Still, "But couldn't they delay the trip for a
Tony: I thought I'd mentioned something? Although I seem to remember that talk on the airport wasn't a happy place for sharing any kind of information, in either direction.
in the first place.
timeline. Having in mind your opinions on the subject..."
. There was this reasonable voice in his head, and it sounded a little bit like Jarvis – the real Jarvis. And he was probably right. It was just a moment, it meant nothing in the long run. They had talked. They had texted (
Tony grins. "Yeah. Next time."
It was the sudden tension in his body, so close to my own, that clued me in: I'd actually been speaking aloud.
"And perhaps some are over before they begin," he countered.
KOSTOLITZ: [speaking over Stark] Can you draw parallels between destruction in New York, destruction in Lagos and destruction in Madripoor?
I reminded him that I'd brought
Instead, Rogers seemed to draw back and became even more reserved. Perhaps they understood each other a bit better now, but still, Captain didn't like him much. He made it clear with his polite but clipped replies, his remote attitude; somehow, Tony thought  he wasn't being as terse with the other cadets.
Only, Cap basically had the power to ground him permanently before Tony even put a foot in the cockpit.
Tony nodded. "I thought you might like to see him." And then he half-turned his head to look at Steve and smiled. Somehow, their faces seemed closer to each other than ever.
"I did come earlier," I say. I dig out a photo from my wallet and pass it to him. "Just not... here." Natasha peers over to see. "Is that what you had in your hand? At first I thought you were reaching for a gun." She doesn't seem in the least surprised it's me and Tony on our wedding day in the photo. But it's Natasha, she only shows what she chooses to.
you want.
. That’s all." It was obvious Steve didn't want to talk about this.
Tony had frozen at hearing the words. He was an ice statue. His excitement had withered in an instant, so he just stood there, limp and shocky.
"Don't you
Tony: They can't keep her confined. Look at the public outrage. They don't have anything to keep her FOR. They don't have anything to threaten her with either, not for real. To blackmail her with. Don't worry, dammit, I'm handling this.
“Yeah, about that...” Tony began. And a part of him that was all about emotional ultimatums wanted to say:
Steve paused. "Everything," he said slowly. "But I keep forgetting. I mean – no, that's not right. It comes and goes. I keep thinking I'm still in the ice. Only, ah, I'm obviously sitting here.  It doesn't make much..." He trailed off.
When he stepped around the car, Tony noticed the indentation in the back door. He just arched an eyebrow and said nothing. It wasn't as if he needed further confirmation. As for Steve, he was blithely hurrying across the street, beckoning to Tony to follow.
to go.
He turned away from the door when he heard the doorknob. Just for show. And to hide his expression.
Tony: Is that worse than just killing them off after they were done with them?
"There was a branch," the guy said. "From a tree?" he added as if it needed further explanation. "It was about to crash down on your car."
it. Disregard the shit I've been saying. Please. Maybe I don't sound it, but I'm so happy I could just... I could hug you an sit here cuddling with you while the world goes to shit." His lips were twisted with wry humor, but there was something vulnerable, hidden in his eyes.
"I figured," I said smiling.
"Do you...? Steve laughed out. "Yes. Yes, Tony, you make me nervous." A beat. "But I
" Carol said. And then: "
And: “We’re kissing,” Steve murmured in between soft kisses they both kept reaching for.  “I thought you’d know, a worldly fella like you.” And he wanted to sink into Tony’s eyes, get lost in them for all eternity.
Tony: Oh, Jesus Christ. Okay. You are probably right. Let me think about it for a sec.
Natasha and Steve were sitting by one of the cooking fires, sipping watered wine, when she decided to bring up his slip regarding the real names and battle names. Steve flushed bright red with embarrassment. This caused a flare of amusement in Natasha's chest (or maybe it was just plain relief, she couldn't be sure). Then he began to tell her what had happened to him.
"Start from the beginning," Steve said firmly, just as Tony was opening his mouth to say something useful, and – Rogers, his mane is
." His voice had started casual but by the end it had gone bitter around the edges. He shook his head at me.
backing away one inch. Almost as if saying
"It's got misshapen Christmas trees on it. I can't wear a sweater with mutant trees."
"Only constantly." It's the third truth. He gives her that one for free because her admission has made him feel charitable and grandiose. "You worry for me more than for Steve. Yay!"
Out of a corner of his eye, Tony glances towards the wall mirror, catches a glimpse of a blond eyelash and a blushy cheek. Quickly looks away. His heart is like a small animal that
And Steve's eyes, blazing with affront, hot on his own like a furnace. Staring, unrelentingly, at Tony's face, boring into him. The man was breathing hard. (Tony could make him breath way harder than that, oh yes he could.) Steve's lips were slightly parted, and he himself was standing very still.
After this, Tony asks Steve to accompany him –
, he wanted to say; didn't.
A good day for skiing, indeed. Of course it sounded like a request to leave.
Tony: for the sake of the fucking universe
"Obviously," Tony said, but Steve seemed to be paying no mind to his snark.
Every salve of polite laughter around him was like scoring a point, a dart straight into the center. Surround yourself with people. People were like a fortress. Surround yourself and charm and dazzle and
Tony: But a ton of less competent assholes is still a ton.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Are you in contact with them?
The mission gets more interesting after they identify their mark at the insanely boring convention and sneak after him towards the back rooms of the venue. Who makes weapon deals at a third rate dentist convention anyway? They do manage to plant bugs and listen in on the bargaining, and in the end Tony hacks into the phone of one of the participants and manages to steal a good deal of the blueprints, easily separating the real ones from red herrings, which is why Fury wanted him on the job in the first place.
Sharon wasn't much of a chatterbox, in general. She mostly managed to convey what she meant with a glance, a smirk. She now swept the room filled with – what was it, probably hundreds – of people with her gaze and directed an amused, questioning look at Tony, as if to say:
Steve wasn’t changed – Tony mused as he paced up and down his room – well, not exactly. It was an early evening in October; it was impossible to see if it were drizzling outside, for all the goddamn fog. Despite the gloomy weather, Tony couldn’t suppress a silly grin overtaking his face at the sound of footsteps. Contrary to the popular belief, October just might be the best time of year to visit Barcelona.
Tony: They can queue up. Leave me alone now, I'm busy.
remove his hand, then, but it settles around Tony's waist instead. The gesture seems so natural and effortless on Steve's part that the first thing Tony thinks is
Tony shrugged, somewhat dejectedly. It was getting really cold outside, but he dreaded getting back in and facing everyone again. (Facing Steve again, Steve that didn't have anything to say to him, Steve who seemed so uncomfortable, Steve whom Tony hadn't exactly given a chance before he decided to run to Rhodey.) "We didn't get off on a great start, tonight."
Tony: One of the few fields that in my experience actually defy classification.
Steve chuckled. "Yeah, I'm not a fan of the whole thing either, but it seems mostly harmless so far." Then: "I heard the old pilots are joining in too, though?"
Steve lets his eyes roam about the cupboards for a moment.
. It's something I can't
Tony shook his head, but it appeared Steve wasn't looking at him; his eyes seemed fixed on a point somewhere left of Tony's head. "No," Tony said, "the bricks you demolished were a recent addition, they were crap. No offence, Cap, but I don't think even you can just kick the concrete walls down."
A pressure to talk seemed strong, and crippling, and the only way it could be conquered was perhaps by talking about something else.
"Steve?" he called out before he could talk himself out of it. "What last name are you using?"
Tony: No, really, are you okay??
gets the shovel talk. Real nice, Romanoff."
Tony: Fuck, now it's all weird, talking about this, isn't it? Why'd you have to go and make it weird.
kind of giving him these long looks; he had a tendency to start with such whenever they spent any time together.
an egocentric diva," Tony said.
; Toy called him
is a strategy that cannot fail. He relaxes and nods. "I think we can allow ourselves something majorly unhealthy and high in cholesterol for this occasion, don't you?"
, he said: “So, you see, it’s perfectly safe. I’ll be fine. You don’t...
"Do you think you and Pepper are going to make up?"
Thanos stabs Tony with a piece of Tony's own armor while Steve is right there, fighting next to him, with Thor on his other side. For a moment the time stops, freezes. That moment is eternally long in Steve's mind, stretched to infinity; it's like he's forever falling into a black hole. In his mind, burned forever, that instant that Tony gets what
Ever so slowly, Tony turned towards him, finally. The expression on his face was that of polite inquiry. It looked contrived. It looked like a thin veil over something much more interesting – and, Steve thought firmly, forbidden.
The enveloping warmth under the blankets was bliss. Another human body beside him was a marvel made of snugness and breathing and minuscule stirring. Tony realized he had low-key given up hope he'd ever feel that again. And now the hope for escape, for life, for everything, was back, and it hurt like blood returning to a limb that had fallen asleep. Ugly thing, hope.
Tony: Not really, but by the little I've been able to find out, I think he's borderline safe to talk to.
"Just wait till you learn what a Dave maneuver actually is."
Tony: I can't do this right now.
"Well," Tony said, wishing fervently he could run away – well, all right, not run
Fisk and his crew stood trial by the new judge, Matt Murdoch. Fury did dispatch a team to deal with Roxxon as well. To be extra-thorough, Fury decided to leave a few of his people 'on this godforsaken rock' for a little while longer, to additionally train the townspeople in the lost art of opposing and inhibiiting corruption, and pick them up again on his way back from the next job.
and other people
Sense of urgency returning to him, Tony grabbed him by the arm. "Wait."
of the time, of course; the
he asked himself that afternoon, during his lecture. He had to do it. He had to leave Rogers alone and move on.
Tony: Getting there. Kinda. Ironically, this helps.
– sharply – and then Tony leaned his knees into Steve's under the table, and Steve's own legs straight out refused to obey. He wouldn't have been able to stand up at that moment even if he wanted to. (He didn't.)
for everyone. He
to try. Still, not everyone was a hands-on type like he was, and not everyone had his experience. He could
"Parcel?" I say.
it?), and a fog of sorts was coming over his senses, and his chest felt almost asthmatic all over again.
It was obvious it pained the blond to admit to any kind of physical weakness. He shrugged. "I'm all right." Then he turned his face towards where he figured Tony was, quirked his lips into a self-deprecated little smile. "Actually, I'm pretty beat. I think I'll need a bit of sleep before I can do anything much. Can you tell me anything about the, ah, rhythms of life around here?"
The flight diagrams were simple enough, but he supposed that the acquired knowledge was not so easily transferred from theory to actual flying without a lot of experience. He thought to himself that this would all go way easier if Steve – Rogers, he corrected himself, because it really wouldn't do to get intimate – if Rogers let them enter the cockpit, go out and
"No, it's three minutes away. Sure you don't want the jacket?"
Tony: Yes, yes it does. Pretty much like that.
He'd thought that little, confused, warm feeling was gone forever from his life, but here it was again, a tiny pool of shy pleasure somewhere in his chest. He felt his eyes smile. "Thank you, Tony."
“Hey, hot water bottle.”
Okay, so Natasha is telling me to cut it short.
"Did you just...?" Tony begins, and shakes his head.
Tony: By me not doing anything to stop it.
Tony: I am being offered – and kind of coerced into accepting – the position of the secretary of defense. At least temporarily. Until this thing with the almost-supersoldiers is settled and resolved and dealt with. The institutions revised. A Shield-like type agency re-instated, without being infused with Nazis if at all possible, see. Or some other form of control set in place.
"Yeah, and I love Happy, and he's my friend, and I know what he likes to eat, and I know all his favorite TV shows, and I never once thought he might be in love with someone, let alone with Pepper. It never even crossed my mind."
Tony: I never thought I'd be saying this, but Barton's not so bad at PR. Cutely clueless but kind of in your face. Got that feisty teddy bear act together pretty well.
was what he couldn't take. A man is an animal cursed with undying hope, and that was his problem.
initiated it,” Tony pointed out with a lopsided grin.
"But still..."
"I need to move on, in any case. Got a long way to drive tonight," Tony said with some relief, as it seemed to Steve. He probably can't wait to be out of here and get back to his life and his friends.
And in a sudden burst of lucidity, it seems to Steve he's too far gone, he can never reach his peak like this. It's just over-sensation, building and building, with no relief in sight, and while a part of him wants to be suspended like this, tormented like this into infinity, he desperately
Tony: Someone is taking this way too seriously.
Tony: The world can suck my dick.
"Tony," the blond said softly. His voice was almost trembling with undisclosed emotion. "I think I can see the light sources."
Tony had been dreaming about Steve ever since he had (stupidly, unnecessarily) breathed in the remnants of a substance he was now calling 'timefog' (he wasn't so great with naming things, whatever; nothing could be as bad as 'BARF'). He had not only been dreaming about Steve, he had been dreaming about
If you don't want to read porn, it's not essential to the story. They have sex. That's it. You can just imagine what happened and go on to read the epilogue here (it's very short).
"Hm?" he now said, absently.
"And what if I don't want to forget the whole mess?" he asked quietly.
Natasha shrugs. "Their rocky patches, put together, outlast their good years, as far as I can tell. They were even separated for three years. They patched it up when Pepper got sick." She polishes off a bottle, then very elegantly opens a new one using the chair arm.
"Hey," he murmured. "I missed you." It was easier to say than he thought it would be.
Still, his words were a balm. I let a smile spread over my face, unchecked.
, the scotch in Howard's breath had asked over and over again, like drunks do, not even listening to Tony's attempts to wheedle his way out.
Tony: You said you'd listen, so listen.
Tony: Listen, Steve, it's all fucked up. Even with what's going on with you and me, it's still fucked up. Even though I'm happy right now, it's FUCKED UP.
Tony: So, how did it go?
Steve. Maybe because, if he didn’t, he might begin to expect something good in return. And it was always better and safer to be ready for the worst.
, he thought, without a doubt this time, and hated the fact that it still stung and itched like a million tiny mosquito bites.
Unexpectedly – in
Tony had looked up to meet his eyes. Blink and miss it, but he did. “Yep.” He was
Tony: Okay, that's not very specific. The shittiest one.
Tony: This is not good.
"I think it matters," he heard himself say. Then, more forcefully: "It matters to
Steve took a deep breath. "Tony, I..." He swallowed. This had to be done. "I love you." These may have been the hardest words he'd ever said. Considering whether to go on at all, he decided to plunge in. Nothing to be lost now that already hasn't been. "I have loved you for... a very long time." It felt like letting go of a ballast. " I... I didn't think it
, not before he’d been at least filled with Steve’s cock, fucked properly, if for a few minutes. And he
Tony: Oh, you're watching TV. Our leak went live a little while ago.
What he said was, "What are you doing on Christmas Eve?"
Steve coughed. It wasn't long or terrible, but Tony knew what it meant.
That evening, after he'd rabbitted out of the simulator and tried organizing his thoughts without much success, he found himself looking for Sam in the gym. Older pilots off duty were often there in the evenings, when the nuggets mostly cleared out. He ended up finding Natasha instead, which was probably just as good. He could talk to Sam, and Sam often saw things more clearly than Steve, with a certain no-bullshit attitude he possessed. But Steve didn't know how to open a conversation of this type, and he didn't really
, he wanted to snap; swiveling from extreme to extreme, he had no idea how to handle this. What escaped his lips was a cold, almost petulant: "Well, I'm busy." It was almost like a test: if Tony
Tony: it's my modus operandi.
Tony: Okay.
time, no matter how limited. But that was, like the flirting, all in his head, he realized.
remember what they used to be like.) It did
It couldn't have been more awkward if they'd actually had sex, Tony thought. Steve started doing his stretches. Watching him work out felt like a violation of some kind now, although Tony had seen him exercise hundreds of times. Still, he found his gaze repeatedly drawn to him. The powerful moves and the deceptive ease he preformed them with. The familiar outline of his goddamn shoulders. Tony had missed this. And that stupid slash down his front wasn't helping either, but he wouldn't let his mind go there.
"We're checking into a different hotel," Steve decides, once they are clear, and Tony insists they pick at least a moderately nice one this time.
Tony: And yeah, I partly am. Qualified. But I thought I might consult with Cho on it, she's a genius in her own right. And with Bruce, you know. We've all worked together before. This could be great!
That memory is still eating Steve from the inside, hollowing him out like a diligent woodworm, even though Tony is right there. It will take time to heal.
Tony: Jesus.
"Oh, horseshit, Steve. Sounds like you're talking destiny and predetermination. Didn't think you believed that."
, he honestly couldn't care less.
He'd seen Stark on TV before. He'd watched a few press conferences with curiosity; it sometimes seemed all the man was doing was attend press conferences. Steve always thought he was so much like Howard: a showman, a lover of spotlight. A happy egocentric that couldn't do wrong, at least in his own eyes. But while Howard had a certain enthusiastic innocence about him, back when Steve knew him, his son seemed to possess a large dose of sardonicism. Howard could be a happy mess. This Tony had a different sort of charisma, a one that appealed to Steve far less. He was always perfectly groomed. Always in possession of himself. Always knew very well what he was doing and where he was aiming his poisonous darts.
, we could talk, we could
I still don't know why I'm here. Strange wanted me to do something – something Tony needs, he'd implied.
that, Tony." Damn the man for telling the truth. Tony would have welcomed an empty platitude from time to time. No. That was a lie. All he really wanted was to spill his guts in front of Steve and hear what Steve had to say, see that Steve accepted him, have Steve tell him
It’s just, the piste is way worse than I remembered it. Dammit, I just wanted to take you somewhere where you’d actually have fun, that’s all. No sinister motives, Cap.”
Loved?
Tony: And come on, this is serious, freedom of the press, media constipation by government order, and all that shit. I'm finding a lot of stuff here I don't like; we can't ignore it.
Tony: Cooking also helps.
"Short of finding a wheelbarrow for me to push you around in, that's the only option we got. Besides, I need my hands free."
He'd put himself in a vulnerable position, so now he was making me pay for it, obviously.  I had this terrible urge to somehow imprint the way I felt about him directly into his mind;  I wanted to take him by the shoulders and shake him and repeat
They stayed like that for a time, in silence, reading by the light of Tony's gauntlet, but Steve could barely concentrate.
. And Steve would hate every minute of it, because he would feel guilty, but he'd know he'd do it again in a blink. He'd always rather rush into danger himself than send someone else to do the job, always, always.
"I asked obliquely, you know." Yeah, I bet, Tony thought. Steve Rogers, the epitome of subtlety. He bit his tongue and contained his smile, and Steve went on: "Sam said someone had a crush on me, a bad one, and that that person was also obviously thirteen."
Tony. Well. How the mighty have fallen.
Tony: Listen, I'm looking into stuff right now. This IS being shut down, Steve, this story. Big time. I found a directive from the top level. Okay, this is infuriating. Okay, I'm so going to fuck with this, you've no idea.
And I would say,
"I considered you a friend as well, you ass. That's not what I'm saying."
A beat. "I'm sorry about earlier, I was being a jerk,“ Steve went on.
Steve matched him, a small smile for a small smile. Tony was so close. His presence was like a magnet.  Steve could reach out and card his fingers through his hair, he could... "Still, shouldn't you be in bed?" he repeated mildly, instead, because thoughts were going renegade on him (Something was
Tony’s eyebrows climbed in challenge and Steve gave him an exasperated look.
It couldn't hurt to go look for the beast, he supposed. It would only take him a few minutes. He'd be back before Steve finished his tea. He'd fly to the hole in the ice, look around, probably find out the wolf couldn't be located, and that would be it. His own conscience would be clear too. He didn't relish the idea of leaving the animal freezing and helpless either. And if he did happen to find it, he could bring it back, put it in one of the outhouses, turn on the heating, and call a vet or the animal control in the morning.
A fascinating man, Steve thought, and was immediately irritated with himself.
Steve laid his other hand on top of Tony’s. So warm.
They kept their distance, used their numbers smartly, and utilized their weapons to the full advantage. Tony missed the suit more than ever. It was an acute burning itch, that urge to take off towards them and get this
But it wasn’t a real panic, more like an expectation of panic that never came. And, in contrast to all the times that day he’d heard blood roar in his ears, he now felt strangely at peace, strangely sated. His muscles were still languid and watery, but his thoughts were back to passably clear.
I stared straight ahead, resting my chin on my hand, not looking at him. "Why are you asking me that?" His question was perfectly normal, everything considered, but I didn't know how to answer. I wasn't sure if this was me, throwing myself at his feet and crying 'save me', or was it the other way around.
Tony talked right over him. "...about us, don't be. We don't have to... We can just be friends. Two friends who've fucked – sorry, I know you don't care for that sort of language – but we can just. Resume our previous..."
Tony: and it doesn't need it either, if you ask me
Steve made a noncommittal noise through his nose. "Why wouldn't I be okay?" To his own ears he sounded like he was only now learning human speech, and he also sounded very much not-okay. The early post-coital bliss had faded away, and now he was acutely aware that he'd experienced something wonderful, and also that he was going to lose it forever, come morning.
Tony: Look, if I say it's okay, it's going to sound like a platitude.
have – had Dale not joined in, with the
(All of this had actually happened – given, it was in the simulator, so no real damage done, but Steve quietly dreaded the day he'd have to let the new cadets into real flyers.) Still, it never happened with Tony – Tony steered like a dream, he made the craft move as if it was a literal bird, and he its brain. Under his fingers, the controls weren't controls, but neural impulses. And Steve very badly needed to stop waxing poetic about the man, or this ridiculous crush would soon turn into something even worse. Steve had to stomp it out with all the resolution he could muster.
"Couldn't you just... take this seriously for one second, Stark?" Cap's brows were drawn low, his eyes glaring at Tony trough the plast of the helmet. "Lives could be in danger out there!"
Tony: Ouch.
Tony: You drive me crazy, Rogers, you drive me insane sometimes, but I really, really, really don't hate you.
"Are you all here? Do we have a list of names? The order of entrance?"
"We'll take it," Tony blurts out before Steve can say anything.
, he told himself.
It's getting undeniably obnoxious. Tony can see even Steve is getting annoyed at the woman. "Oh," Tony says placatingly, planning a decent excuse, but an unruly impulse stirs him in another direction, and the words that actually escape his mouth are: "You see, Hottie McNaughty here is a real crabapple. He dislikes public displays of affection." He even manages to sound whiny on top of everything. Just like he imagines a Tino Stirling would. Really, sometimes he surprises even himself.
Tony: Contrary to the popular belief, I'm not omniscient.
Well, that would at least ground them firmly in the dislike territory and be done with it, it seemed. That way Tony wouldn't have to wonder.
Tony to see him now, to see him
But, whatever they did, I knew one thing for a fact: his Steve must have loved him. I couldn't imagine a universe in which it would happen otherwise. A few constants must exist. And, if Steve loved Tony, and if they had sex occasionally, but still weren't together, it had to mean one thing: Tony didn't love him back.
From his words I concluded I'd landed a bit in the future, compared to my own timeline. This was 2024, and the final battle with Thanos had taken place a year and a bit ago.
he thought bitterly.
Tony: No.
He made two steps towards Steve, poked a finger at his chest. Withdrew it abruptly, as if he'd been stung. "Tell me what happened." He couldn't believe how quiet his voice was.
, Steve half pushed half dragged him in. All his resolutions amounted to nothing, if Steve was going to be like this. (This angry and determined and insanely hot.)
Tony disentangled his left hand from Steve's and let it roam up Steve's back, until it encountered the edge of the blanket wrapped around his torso. It would be so easy to just let it slip down to the floor. So easy. Tony let his thumb tease along the edge, across Steve's back. Just a second longer, he thought, aware he may be lying to himself. But he should pull back. He
"Got a lungful?" he heard himself say, and the dry throat and the absence of brains evidently made him sound pissed – again – because Steve gave him a  mildly taken aback look.
"Red coat, bluest of eyes, shoulders like a coat hanger, come
Steve swallowed audibly. "Well, I...
Steve shot him a grateful look. "That makes it a little better, you know" he said. "Is it supposed to?" He paused for a second, laughed softly. "I kind of thought you just didn't want to talk to me." He took a sip of his beer. "Is that why you kept sending me all those videos and things all year?"
Steve waited silently. Breathing was becoming an increasingly difficult task.
Now, this was a big old ruse and it could have easily failed to have the desired effect; anywhere else, it would have. Tony didn't worry, though. None of these people have ever seen a spaceship, not even Fisk. How would they know if it had guns or not. Because firefly class ships were simple freighters, as dangerous as an old, docile ploughing mare.
This little stretch of desert was what he was determined to protect, and he was going to die doing it; Tony could see it in his mind's eye very clearly. It sent a stab of hot terror through him on a regular basis. He had tried, on occasion, to explain to people that he could see what was going to happen – not through any kind of clairvoyance, obviously, but due to the laws of probability. And okay, all right, it possibly did sound like drunk ramblings of a madman. (
He's cutting perfectly even pieces of cheese on the cutting board when abruptly he says: "I never forgave him, you know."
" Steve asked.
Steve crossed his arms, leaned against the wall. Tried for nonchalance. "It's chicken." Then, feeling slightly guilty, he added. "It's from a can, really."
Tony: okay
Tony is studying the picture without saying anything. Then he passes it back to me. "I'm not him," he says. "Sorry, Steve. Can't help you there. I can't be that for you." He sounds more guarded now, and it's difficult to believe I'm going through this whole thing again. I didn't come here so he could take the place of my dead husband. No one can do that, not in a million years, not even his alter ego from a different timeline.
"That's another thing I need to talk to you about. Look... this is the part where I say 'You ever heard of the multiverse', and you shake your head, yeah? And then I say 'Wow, I'm too drunk for this', although, in all seriousness, I'm really not."
Still very naked from waist up, Steve sat back down on the gurney. Kind of heavily. The movement was, if anything, devoid of his usual grace. Were his eyes getting a tad bleary or was Tony imagining it? Must be the painkillers at work.
Tony: Listen.
, he wanted to say,
Tony: You know, you don't have to defend me just because we are almost an item.
Tony: And how I feel is a whole different matter. A very MIXED matter. Don't get carried away.
He couldn't say he even liked Stark, as such. He definitely wasn't a one for whirlwind romances. He'd had two serious relationships in his life, both over for some time now. He had grown into both relationships steadily, gradually. He'd known both Peggy and Bucky well. No – an understatement, right there – he'd known Bucky all his life and he'd went to school with Peggy, been friends with her for – well – years, before anything happened for real. But – no. No thinking about Bucky and Peggy tonight. He'd do it some other night, when he felt a distinct, self-destructive urge to quietly disintegrate on the inside. For now, he had to keep it together by keeping hope alive– forcibly – and imagining that they were alive and well, somewhere out there, in the great expanse of space. That was it. The other options were unbearable.
. Steve wasn't saying anything, though. He just sat there, motionless, like a roadmark. His face was a complete blank. Tony knew that blankness, that glassy expression. It enkindled all his nasty instincts. He struggled up and decided to go take a piss instead.
Neither would give in an inch. Neither would admit that wasn't what we wanted at all. I wasn't going there. I really, really wasn't.
"I just meant, the places where you live tend to be more... well, modern?" Steve said, seemingly caressing the timber walls with his eyes.
Ten days, Tony thought. Ten days in captivity. It wasn't even that long. It felt like weeks. Months, almost. It felt like time stopped existing altogether.
an air of quiet irreverence about the man.
"How do you mean, groups?"
Tony: Hey. If I came off as a jerk earlier that's because... I am one, I guess? I'm in some kind of a funk too.
After that, it was as if there wasn’t much left to say. Tony sank a little lower into Steve’s arms, that were around him again – the left one still hidden under the blankets, the right one on top of them. And Steve rested his chin on top of Tony’s head, and they both breathed for a little while, oddly in sync, and Tony listened to the steady beating of Steve’s heart.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Don't you think he deserves to rot?
Tony: Steve?
"I believe you learn to hold the assholery in," Cap said, deadpan. "Somewhere around the age of 6 or 7."
Desperately, Tony looked around. Yep. A number of people was in various stages of undress, or sat there wrapped in blankets, while even more of them waited to be further harassed by the medical staff.
, Tony told himself. And, sometimes:
He could have supplied half a dozen acerbic responses Tony could have had to that, but Tony seemed uncharacteristically quiet. Steve finished the veggies and transferred them neatly into a bowl. He looked up.
He noticed Tony's begauntleted hand twitch towards it – he must be fiendishly thirsty by now – but the man shook his head. "Nah. Nope. I'm good. Thank you, though."
The events took an unexpected turn when Natasha sent him another of her encrypted voice messages. In itself, the fact wasn't particularly surprising; she did it from time to time. Checking in, keeping contact, all that jazz.
Cap nodded. "Dismissed, then. I have work to do."
The world could perhaps yet be saved.
he should distance himself now, close his heart, or else this was going to destroy him completely.
"No," Steve said, and Tony had a distinct impression he just said it because he didn't know what
Tony: No, not Ultron. Before Ultron. Does it matter?
Tony: And you know what I think, I think it's better to be on the inside, for a time, and take an active part in our faith being resolved, basically. The same as what I tried to do with the Accords. Because the alternative is to sit passively and watch laws being passed and stuff, and have no say in anything.
"That's a
"You mentioned disciplinary action."
"Attraction's fine," he muttered, a bit gruffly. And then: "You don't like him much, do you, Nat?" He had not idea why this realization hurt a little. No, really, he had to get a grip. His lips twisted into a wry smile. "I'm not sure I like him much either, as such. You know."
"It wouldn't have worked." Because Bruce had already tried it with Natasha, and failed. You couldn't undo death, not even with the help of the Infinity Stones. No, both of them were lost to us. Once again I felt untethered, once again the people I wanted to see most were in the past. Not unreachable, exactly, but, in a way, untouchable. "And even if it did work, it wouldn't have been real." It wouldn't have been him. I didn't want something I perhaps could have created with the help of the stones, if I tried hard enough – something built from spun sugar.
, years ago, and how good it had felt to hear them, and how desperately Tony hid from them. He could have spent more time with Steve, had he tried. He could have
"I have a mission tomorrow morning," Steve said. The song was drawing to the end, too quickly. "I have to..."
Tony: Maybe you just don't go for nice.
"Some friends do," Tony says more out of a desire to be contrary than anything else. In any case, it's half-hearted.
Still, what Morgan apparently wanted was for 'Santa Cap' to come bring her presents.
“God, Steve,” Tony said then. “You’ve caught a case of feelings, haven’t you?”
I was sure it would be no different for this Tony, at all.
Tony: I do.
"Oh, good!" There was genuine relief in Tony's voice. "She okay? Did you find Darryl? Who all's there? What's happening? Is someone...?"
"Attraction, then?" Natasha ventured and he nodded reluctantly. "Appreciation? Obsession?"
"Cap? What in the name of hell did you just do?" Tony demands. He sounds bewildered and if it were somebody else, Steve would say weepy. The corners of his eyes are smiling, however, even though his mouth is set in a tight line.
She knew this, of course.
Oh, he'd struck gold there, true enough, he thought ruefully. More than he ever realized.
The thrill that courses through Tony isn't even all about sex, and that's probably the worst part. It's something in his heart instead that throbs and stirs and grows warm all the way through, at those two words. And, true, Steve was a gentle lover, those few times they had fun together – all soft kisses and tender touches, always remembering what Tony liked; the guy would also whisper endearments now and then, but not like this, not quite – never an equivalent of
Now, as he gazed down the mountainside at the untouched whiteness, he could practically feel his mouth water. And yet... Did the gradient somehow get way steeper with years or was it just memory, being a deceptive bitch it usually was? Steve’s face was unreadable behind his goggles; there was something weird in the line of his mouth. Hunger and excitement prior to an adrenaline rush, but something else too, something Tony couldn’t pinpoint.
Steve had at least stopped shivering audibly. Tony hoped he was asleep at last. To be fair, the man probably needed his rest. For Steve to admit he was tired at all? He must be absolutely depleted.
worried about you," she says. "I told you that right away. Why, don't you ever worry about me?" she asks sweetly; it's an obvious deflection.
"Because I was too much of a chicken to strike up a normal conversation in fear you didn't actually want it? So I kept it at a high level of deniability? Well, what do you
I waited. He waited too. "Well," I said patiently, "do you want to be forthright with me now?"
, Rogers would say very seriously when he was happy with Tony's progress. Things like that. He even made something resembling a joke from time to time, but overall it seemed to Tony he was generally happier to get these conversations over with as soon as possible. There was something about Tony that made the man agitated, and for better or worse, Tony was absolutely unable to let it go.
, Steve. I wanted..."
Tomorrow morning, the snow stops and the roads soon become passable again. They take the dog to a vet clinic. The vet decides to keep him for a couple of days in order to make sure he is all right, since Tony has no experience whatsoever with caring for canines. But the dog is going to be just fine, the vet promises. Tony isn't going to mention anything to Morgan yet, though. He decides to keep it as a surprise.
as he grabbed hold of Steve's dripping cock with his other hand. Steve fucked into his hand, shuddered, gasped.
Tony: Maybe I can sneak out next weekend? Hop over the fence, fly over, meet you at another rental house on the coast?
"What's this?" he asked.
"Because you're still hurting," I said. "Because we're not done with our regrets. Because we're both still grieving. Because we agreed to talk about things."
Tony: I was having my regular drinking and crying session. You interrupted. It was a really bad timing.
. He should have made Steve gasp his name even before he
"Simple but effective," Clint mused.
In those later years the drawings of him became more frequent again. The first few were done in a few sharp lines, fierce strokes of pencil almost damaging the paper here and there.
Tony: I sent him a message. Still no reply, though. Oh, I have a call I have to return regarding this situation, talk to you later.
afraid,” he said slowly.
Tony: It was Natasha, wasn't it. She's such an expert on mental health.
"Exercise is healthy," Steve said.
, is exactly the same, just a little more desperate.
Steve sighs in exasperation. "I actually went through SHIELD training, back when."
Tony: Also, I said IF I'm being a dick.
"Do you want a paracetamol? I found some in the bathroom." That was the only thing he could think to say.
have been a goodbye.
"Cut that out, please," Cap said sharply. He was still polite out of habit, but starting to sound rather put out by Tony's comments. "I'll see about the survivors, yes."
"I panicked," Tony cuts him off. "It was too... It hurts too much, and that was... last night was supposed to be good-bye, and it got out of hand, so I panicked and I lied. By omission or something, I mean, but still. Panicked; lied."
. I know you're tired.
The knight lifted his visor then –
Tony: No.
. It wasn't an electric jolt, though. There was no emptiness in his stomach because Peter was there, that unbearable urge to touch, to feel, to reach and
, that all Steve can do is yell out. And the flood rises high then, white hot sensations forming a closed circuit between his stretched anus, his prostate, his neglected cock, and he almost comes right then, but by then Tony is pulling out already.
Tony: How serious is this?
Tony did. Steve could understand that, could understand that what was enough for Steve – a quiet (or not-so-quiet) life in Timely – wouldn't be enough for someone like Tony, whose imagination and experience could reach the heights Steve couldn't even dream of. Tony had been forcibly held down for long enough. He should be allowed to fly free.
Tony: Need or want. Understood. Mundane matters count too.
, or if there is corruption involved, or a nascent international incident or something... Well, there is secret police, there are intelligence forces, secret agents, there is working undercover... Every country does that, even across the borders, fuck the borders, yes, every country has spies too, every country breaks the laws there. If they tell you they don't, it's a big fat lie. I used to
This part of the corridor wasn't in much use this time of day. Cap was standing a the end of it, fiddling with the elevator commands. At the sight of his back, his shoulders, Tony's breath hitched. It took him a second to remember what he was doing there and how important it was. There was no one else around.
It's more than a year later, and contrary to the popular expectations, he and Steve
Tony is sick of maybes.
"We're not going back down," Steve said, wiping away the sweat. His hair was plastered to his forehead and  there was a faint smear of blood under his nose.
create a separate timeline, I suppose, but it wouldn't be significantly different from ours. It would change nothing, technically. So why not?
Tony: Tell me.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not... Will you
Tony's disappointment, like a big black dog, curled up inside him and dragged him down. He had been looking forward to spending a festive day with Morgan. But now, the house suddenly seemed big and depressive, and all the rural coziness appeared fake and weird; he'd built it for his family. Tony Stark, the newly single man, had nothing to do here; he should have moved back to the city. Still, Morgan loved the lake house, and he loved having Morgan in the lake house, and the lake house was where Morgan spent the first years of her life, so he wasn't ready to move on.
, Tony thought.
, Steve wants Tony to ask. He can practically feel the question in Tony's eyes. And yet Tony says noting, and Steve says nothing, and the silence reigns once more.
"The wood's over there, in the chest." He nodded his head to the left. "In case you need it. Out through that door is the kitchen. I brought some supplies with me, so there's no need to cook. Also, it's freezing ass cold in there. I lit the fire in my bedroom, too. Actually, the stove is in the wall between there and my... my
Tony: I’m kidding around.
She is distracted enough or drunk enough to be reckless, and she gets a snowball straight into he mouth for it. Tony thinks it serves her right, having everything in mind, but decides to have his vengeance on Rocket several times over for it. Because, familial loyalty.
"Yeah, and he'd better come back soon, too," Barton said, "he owes me money."
"Hey, flower mine," Tony said.
Natasha was counting under her breath – a bad habit she couldn't seem to shake – and then she paused and rested for a moment. "I have," she said. "Carol's unchanged. Quill and Gamora took to walking around on crutches – just a little bit, though, and they grow tired quickly."
, he'd
Tony: Yeah.
, he thought over and over again. It was still difficult to believe that, for  the rest of his life, he'd be stuck living in a dormitory, together with people like Scott, Luis, Kurt, Dave, Gale and Dale; it was even more difficult to believe that, names notwithstanding, Dale was not a love child of Dave and Gale.
, but... They must have talked. Occasionally, at least. Tony said they'd been friends. Did they do friend things, I wondered hungrily? Like what? Lead the support group together? I could hardly imagine that. Played basketball? Cooked dinners for Natasha and the others? (Oh, Jesus. I couldn't think about Natasha now, either. I couldn't.)
Tony: Oh, come on, don't make me live through the night like this.
Oh, god.
recognize the fighting style. Plenty of skill, plenty of bravery, and a whole lot of recklessness. After their last bad argument almost ended in blows, Steve thought he'd never see this man again. But here he was, in Steve's hour of need: Tony Stark of the Northern Marches, riding like a storm on a horse without house insignia, his visor lowered, with a blank shield on his left hand. Did he really think Steve wouldn't recognize him?
Burning in his face wasn't unpleasant, actually. It made him forget the creeping cold in his bones. And he felt a certain cheekiness that hadn't visited him for a longest time. It made him feel alive and warm again, all of a sudden. Perfectly serious, without changing his expression in the least, he said: "You know, that's exactly what I meant."
This was when – of all people – Steve's wide frame appeared from behind, streaking over the lower deck at an almost inhuman speed. He passed Tony and his fellows with a wave and called: "On your left!" His back in a tight T-shirt and his butt in a tracksuit offered an entirely unfair vista, Tony thought. He almost stepped into a puddle before he remembered not to stare.
Tony: Dammit, Steve.
Still, the warmth of Steve's back was seeping into him, and Steve's words about missing him, about being happy to see him – somehow, it all made the feeling die down. Something had become evident to him by that time: this wasn't just loneliness speaking, not just the fact that he wasn't alone in the dark any longer. No, they were finally talking to each other, and because of that everything suddenly seemed a tad less bleak, a tad more life-like. Hope.
"Tony, I..."
Tony had no idea. Thor's arrival saved him from having to think of something remotely non-brainless to say.
Afterwards, Steve found Chief Darryl in the storage area. Darryl seemed surprised to see him, or, more precisely, seemed surprised to see
Tony: He went and turned himself into a Hulk.
say however that I wanted to go vomit in the bathroom at the thought.
Panic if Steve leaves. Panic if he stays. It was all panic, all of the time.
Tony: Although apparently everyone IS trying to create super-soldiers, Christ almighty.
that Steve cared, in a way. He remembered Steve tearing up when they talked more than a year ago now, he remembered that night on the roof in Berlin, and he remembered the conversation too, more clearly than he cared to admit. The thing was, Steve didn't care like
Tony: That's not how it works either.
"Where...?" Steve muttered at him.
voice made him feel strangely lightheaded, but he decided that was irrelevant.
Or, worst of all.
I hadn't been going to protest too loudly anyway. Nowadays, as it turned out, Tony lived in a huge two-level apartment in Lower East Side, and when I say a two-level apartment, I of course mean he had two whole topmost floors to himself. The penthouse was where he lived. The lower floor was his workshop. I missed the tower terribly for all of two seconds and I was glad to see again some of the furniture from Tony's floor; those armchairs were old friends, really. But then I told myself, quite firmly, that none of that mattered. The tower had been home only because Tony and the others were there. It's very useful to consider a person your home. That makes it quite portable.
On his better days, Tony thought it was actually
"What?" Tony asked, but then he swore himself.
But we are not a country, and we are not a government, and we weren't democratically elected, and we weren't sanctioned to do this. And many will say we don't have the right to do what we do. And maybe we don't. It's probably true. Is that a fucking excuse to sit back and NOT do anything? No. For me it isn't. And while I hate the state of affairs right now, and I hate that I'm apparently a criminal, and while I wonder a million times a day whether I made the right decision, I am what I am, I am where I am. Just a guy, with some training, with no super powers, doing what I can, helping where I can; it's been pointed out to me it's called vigilantism. Well, so be it, then. I... I am sorry. I liked the other way better. I
Steve's limbs had turned to stone, but now the life seemed to be trickling back. He took a step towards Tony. Tentatively, he reached up, touched Tony's unshaven cheek with his index finger, light as a feather.
"Yeah?" he asked softly.
They still didn't talk more than necessary, but in the darkness of the simulator, the touches grew bolder. All of a sudden, Tony sported more bad flying habits than ever. Abruptly, there was a need for Cap to lean over him, place his hand over Tony's on the control stick, show him how to steer. Tony wasn't sure any longer which one of them instigated this. But in two seconds flat it would all go away, flicker off as if it never happened, and he thought he must be going crazy. Reading into things.
with his idiotic, curt responses and his stupid, stiff back and his unease in crowds and his sass and his kind eyes. It was
Steve realizes as well, evidently. He lets Tony stew for a couple of seconds. "I actually do love you, you know," he says lightly, as if it's of no consequence at all, but his eyes are belying his tone.
"Why'd you apply? For a pilot?" Captain's question sounded almost gentle, genuinely curious. The tone woke something soft in Tony, in response. Unwanted impulses fluttered behind his eyes, blurring his sight, his mind. For a second, he was lightheaded, as if he lacked oxygen. Rogers' eyes were stunning, his face open, unguarded right then, and Tony couldn't look away.
"Five
He debated for a moment if a half-jokey
– he wants them more than anything. "Hell, Steve, we never even talked on the phone unless it was work."
Tony: No, it's perfect.
Steve's ass is next, the process the same. Gently at first, than a tad more firmly, hotly. Over too soon, though, while he still wants more, can take a
"Oh, you're
Tony: Those people kind of volunteered, though.
"I thought
Well, if he was being honest with himself, it wasn't just escape he was looking for. A tiny, despicable part of himself
Tony: But I guess you are right.
Tony: You can talk about your art. About drawing. Your artist's block.
"No, seriously, are all of us, except from –
He carefully wrapped the mug in a tea cozy, so that it wouldn't be too hot for Steve to hold in his hand. Warm was good. Hot wasn't. He then brought it over, tried to smile back; felt like crying. He did his best to blink back the tears.
“You need to rest.” Steve’s earnestness could drive you up the wall, seriously.
And now, Stark sounded exactly like the footage Steve saw on TV and found on youtube in the library (well, he'd been curious). And, again, it sounded nothing like it. Tony could obviously run circles around everyone and anyone and turn a conversation into whatever he wanted it to be – but right here, right now, Steve didn't sense any malice. It was just teasing.
? Look, you have to tell me everything. It makes sense. Just... tell me, okay?"
, he misquoted to himself.
"Do you want me to track his phone for you, boss?"
. The groups had shared battle wounds and hospitals and scars and the aftermath. "Steve and Natasha and the guys have mostly been doing undercover work for Fury. I've been... busy on the other side of things. That's all." Yet, they were still
Tony: I wish I could see you. I mean, I'm thinking we'd probably just yell at each other until we dropped dead from exhaustion, but still. I wouldn't mind. I somehow think that, if I could see you in person, just... Maybe there would be fewer misunderstandings.
"Oh, just
without you," Tony shot back. The abrupt intensity in his voice could burn through walls. He said it so quickly and so urgently that something inside Steve suddenly clicked. It left him startled. Like the world turning on its head in one sentence. Was it actually possible that he was so wrong? Yet, there was that look in Tony's eyes right now, sadness and longing, and there was the way Tony was always around, always happy to talk to Steve –
. So, you yell at each other for a bit and let all the steam out at once or you bicker and let it out gradually. And we didn't really allow ourselves that outlet. It felt incredibly ungrateful to gripe at him because he forgot about a lunch with friends because he couldn't be bothered to tell Friday to remind him. It was trivial. Unimportant. Who cared about lunches when we somehow got reunited, defying death and laws of the universe. So we put those things aside.
Which... He had a point, in a way. Got it in the open, yeah. Like pulling your heart out of your chest, and putting it on scales, and finding out it didn't measure up. It wasn't enough,
Tony: Man, the way we failed it, eh?
Natasha made a non-committal face. "Child-like is the world you might be looking for. Insofar as children are silly and often cruel and have no grasp of the consequences."
“So, you do have reception here?”
Tony: I'M NOT GIVING YOU SILENT TREATMENT, FOR FUCK'S SAKE, ROGERS!
Tony: There's plenty there. Or you wouldn't be having the nightmares.
Tony: I know, but we'll raise hell over it, don't you worry! I can't send her the lawyers, I have to stay out of this for the time being, at least nominally. BUT it's all right, she knew what she was getting into.
it's not." Because it
So. I know 'we tried' isn't the best thing to say, but we did, and we are sorry it didn't all go according to the plan, and we are also glad we did as much as we could to help. Now, if you are asking if we had a clearance to be there, no, nope. As I said, international fugitives. Remember our list of crimes I mentioned before – it keeps growing. It is what it is. Why did we take the liberty to do this? Well, who else is going to? I said governments were involved, we are pretty sure. Some... some parties that might have intervened here were blindsided to the whole thing, and if they hadn't been, their hands would have been tied. There wasn't time for anything else, so we went in, we did what we could, and you can hate us for it, or you can understand why we did it, but we are... we, once again, we
"Tony..."
Tony: I guess?
While Nebula and Rocket are getting the power stone, Steve and Tony go to New York with Scott and Bruce. It's a big mess, really, but in the end it all works out.
"On me, do it on me," Steve pleads desperately.
But – although Steve
Tony: Yeah. Bodies just pile up...
Tony made as if to crouch in front of him, but it became clear at once that wasn't going to work very well. In the end he sat down on the gurney next to Steve, pulling his arm gently onto his own lap.
Tony: I'm sorely tempted to send back a smiley face. I must be losing my mind.
"I'm not a Captain of anything much these days. Bye, Tony."
He will not be coerced into hurting Steve, even though Steve is fine with it. Or more than fine. There'll be time enough for that after they get out of here, if Steve still wants it then.
Tony: Read up on it.
At the very same moment, the looming man bent down and the outline of his head appeared, framed by the car window. Tony couldn't see the face in the dark, though, just a shaggy head of hair and a beard. "Sir, are you all right?" the head said, way more polite than Tony and in a distinctly Newyorky accent.
"Do you want to go back to the beginning?" Steve asked. He could hear Tony's breathing so clearly. He imagined he could hear his heartbeat too, feel the warmth radiating off him. Like a small fireplace all his own. He bit the inside of his cheek.
We are.
“Can you tell me exactly what you’re feeling?”
Steve lowered his eyelashes and gave Tony
Could you let me know if the Peter child you'd brought to Germany is ok? This will sound strange, but Steve has been having very peculiar dreams for weeks now. He's inhaled some of that portal fog I'm sure you've seen. There may be some reason for worry. But... In any case, he dreams, and he is growing more convinced that something about the dreams is true. He keeps dreaming he's killed little Peter. Some reassurance to the contrary would be welcome, if you could be bothered to reply this time. Come on, Tony, it's really important. And also... all right, to hell with this. Fury tells me you've been in contact with the fog too, at one point.
"I'm.. not that much of a stickler for rules and formalities, actually" Rogers said, more mildly. Tony's first impulse was to snort, or it would have been, talking to anyone else. Bu there was something so genuine about Rogers at that moment, and he looked so young all of a sudden, that Tony swallowed. He wasn't sure why it mattered, but it did. He kept silent. "And it's not as if I can't take a joke," Cap went on, "as long as it's all in good fun."
"Boss, if you are going out, take an umbrella."
Tony: Also, Pepper was taken in for questioning.
"Do you ever
of it, evidently" the medic snapped. "I'm letting this air out a moment, then I'll dress it. Better to be on the safe side."
Tony: Just to be clear, I'm only doing this with you because I'm out of options.
Tony: It's all you, baby.
In the classroom, Stark, it seemed, wasn't doing anything. The board was meticulously wiped already. Tony just stood next to it, apparently deep in thought. So deep, as a matter of fact, that it appeared contrived. Almost as if he were waiting.
sit down, and that came as a surprise, even to him. "Okay," he said. And: "Tony, what are you doing?"
, Tony had thought.
Tony: If you ask your beclawed, feline, royal friend, he could probably find you a good therapist.
Rogers was staring back, unrelenting. The intensity of the blue gaze almost made Tony shiver – with anticipation or trepidation or what, he couldn't say.
Tony: Yeah. But it's not just that.
Tony: That's gotta be the worst joke in the history of the universe.
"You like me?" Thank fuck
The fact was, Natasha
“I don’t think it’s supposed to be about
Tony: Then tell me that.
THE END
Natasha shrugged. "Of course."
“Tell me one thing.”
And then the rough leather of the handle is being dragged across the sensitive rim of his entrance, catching, snagging, chafing. Not hard, but not quite gently either. The sensation isn't pleasant. And yet, Steve
"What?"
And then, two decades ago, his Steve died on that battlefield.
"Oh, fuck the stupid costume," Tony snapped half-heartedly, "and ditto for the bag. Buy a new bag." And he didn't want to be snapping at Steve; he wanted to pull him even closer, as if that was even possible, and to kiss him on the brow and to whisper
"Please," he begged the mess hall attendant that worked nights. She knew him, and he knew her. This wasn't the first time he was here, and in the meantime, this has become their private little dance.
Well, he did miss it all.
Bizarrely, ridiculously, it's Central Park again. I don't bother with shades this time. I highly doubt anyone would recognize me like this. I suspect the Steve Rogers they remember died some time ago, looking a few decades younger and a whole lot more handsome.
He stopped himself at once.
"You might want to be thankful for that," Fury continued in the same tone of voice.
, he reminded himself.
. And then Tony almost touches his cock again, torturously, and Steve thinks he's going to cry with frustration. "Okay," he pushes through his teeht. "Two fingers. Do it."
"Yeah, you don't know that," Tony muttered. Steve was vulnerable like this, limbs wrapped about Tony, body still shivering lightly, vulnerable and soft. In Tony, worry mixed with protectiveness, but the surprising new addition there was being royally
"In the book."
"Steve, come for me," Tony says, and flicks his wrist again.
"This wasn't supposed to be possible," he said. "Strange said there was only one future in which..."
Tony: God, Steve.
And despite the pretty words, a wave of sickly yearning, of a hope gone stale was so overwhelming Tony thought it would strangle him (turned out it was his covers that had somehow got rolled under his chin). And as he was waking up, he heard Barnes say: "Maybe you should talk to Stark."
It takes him a minute of distracted staring to figure out what I just did. "Oh. Thanks," he says.
He liked the readings
Relief bloomed in his stomach – relief that he wasn't alone any longer, that another human being now existed in his world – but interlaced with strands of weird gratitude to Steve specifically, for being here to share his misery. And then the guilt and the terror, because he wouldn't have wished this on anyone, especially not
Tony: and I went around sneak-snapping all these pics with my phone for you
"Yeah," Steve repeated, for lack of something better to say. He thought this whole training thing was going to turn into a big old disaster pretty fast. "I'm not sure that's going to be enough."
Tony: That right there is a huge relief.
Tony: You don't have the temperament.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Is it true that you are keeping Steve Rogers in a high security prison?
"I meant..." Steve began a little desperately, feeling flush and stuttering a little, but Tony cut him off with a hand wave.
Natasha snorted. "What do you take me for?"
"If everything else fails," Steve said at one point," you go wait in the next cell, Tony. I'll try to kick the door down. Maybe you saw wrong, maybe it's something else. And if it blows up – well, at least one of us gets out." Steve's voice was calm and very matter-of-fact. Tony hated every syllable.
"You're allowed into the kitchen," Tony now said. He was wearing a soft gray sweater and a pair of oil streaked jeans, and seeing him so relaxed and domestic, fussing around the kitchen, made Steve's heart do a crazy dance in his chest. He'd never wanted to hurt him.  If only he could make Tony understand that, if he could only make him believe him.
"Yeah," Tony says. "We can't."
But then, even before the ship quite touched down, the ramp opened, and a stream of people, armed and ready, started swarming to the ground. His heart leaped at the familiarity of shapes in their mismatched body armor, Coulson and May and Quake, Hill and Clint, and also others. And there was Fury in a long black coat, standing at the ramp, a megaphone in his hand, cool as if he's just stepped out of a bath, and yet managing to be intimidating somehow. The man would probably be intimidating in his bathrobe. "Nobody move!" he shouted. He didn't sound particularly invested in it, but then again, he didn't have to be.
"What? What's the problem now? Go ahead." There was a vaguely defiant look in his eyes.
Tony looked as if one stiff breeze would send him straight into a rage.
Oh my god. I didn't think this through.
Tony: And?
THE END
"You think I don't know that? So what?" Steve is showing a bit of a temper, now, and compared to his expressionless eyes, the way they were at the start of this convo – this is a balm for Tony's heart. Well, almost. "I mean, if you, in your own heart, considered me a friend, and I considered you a friend, then..."
Tony snorted. "Hey, as long as you kids are happy together." He grabbed a bag of blueberries, stuffed some into his mouth, then tossed the beg to a surprised Steve. "Here, have some vitamins."
"Yeah, well. The guy was imprisoned for fifteen years, and we're supposed to believe he stayed moderately sane? I can barely do ten days without cracking, now."
He'd been like this at the academy too, in those glorious two months that the experience  lasted. He'd grow so jittery in the face of authority that he seemingly did everything in his power to make the situation worse. He'd thought he'd grown out of it in twenty years, but no.
. Of a general sort," someone said.
his approach. "So that you don't get in trouble." His own breathing sped up. Forcibly, he held it under control.
this new development between them, where they actually told each other things. And he actually
," Tony said instead. "Okay, wait, I'm sending you a picture."
Tony: No, I'm actually, surprisingly totally not being sarcastic.
“Tony, don’t...” he said hoarsely.
And he lingered in Steve's arms, barely moving, as the high-pitched voice crooned from the speakers. "Tony," Steve tried again, but still no words were coming, and Tony was almost overwhelmed with a wish to kiss him softly, to tell him that sometimes speaking did hurt, and Steve didn't have to do it. But valiantly, Steve pressed on: "Tony, what you said... The last thing you... kind of said?"
Of course. Steve's new life was here. He'd picked this shitty town, and its inhabitants, and now he was worried someone would see him holding hands with Tony... Or – and Tony was horrified this had never crossed his mind – maybe Steve had someone, here. Someone who mattered to him a lot. What was happening with Tony was... probably not what Tony thought, coming to think of it. He must have read Steve wrong. What are the
Tony: Just like you said, no one talking to anyone else, mainly.
Bucky rolled his eyes. "And when is it
be Cylons? Attacking? No, surely not, they would have shown on the radars, surely. The ship would have been on alert. This had to be some other kind of malfunction, but whatever it was, it looked urgent.
"You can still fight," Tony said. "If you can kick your way through a brick wall, you can damn well fight. And if you grow tired, well, you're still stronger than an average guy." And the way Steve moved, you'd hardly guess he couldn't see unless you knew him. It weren't just the senses enhanced by the serum, either. "And you trained with a blindfold for so long." Endless hours of ruthless practice, with his teammates, with fighting machines Tony designed, his eyes tied all the while. At the time, Tony had thought it unnecessary, with his darkvision and all; once again, he was proven wrong.
Tony: I want to unsend that now.
Tony could talk to Peter no problem, Tony could
know. But I didn't want her to be left alone. I know she needs her dad. I wanted to be there for her, even though, technically, I'm not him. And now I'm being forced to just... abandon her."
"Steve. Do you actually really think it matters?" she said, a little too sharply, perhaps. "The fraternization rules? This is not just about the rumors or the morale, we both know it. It's about your own sense of ethics. You don't want to feel you are being unfair. But, do you really think it matters that you are not doing anything, if you look at him like that, if he looks at you like that? Do you really think you are not biased? That it's not influencing your judgment?"
It was a joke, and Tony knew it. Why did Cap have to do it today, of all days, that Tony had decided not to pursue this and leave him alone? Why couldn't he just be his usual, serious self? Did Tony's casual comments have exactly the opposite effect than intended?
Tony: For me.
Tony drummed his fingers on the chair arm, still not moving. He was bored, and when he was bored, he tended to get restless; Steve knew that much. He started to say something, but a frog-like entity in his throat stopped it from escaping.
There was no other sound in the room. A second stretched.
Tony: no
? Really?"
He was leaning against the wall. Now he laughed out, and covered his mouth with his hand, and on a crazy impulse he tried to simultaneously grab Steve's shoulders and slap him on the back. He ended up throwing his arms around him, then apparently his goddamn foot gave out and he fell against Steve's chest. Steve's arms flew around him, catching him, steadying him.
"I know that, Tony," I say very softly. "I love you too."
? There must be a story behind it. Gimme."
"We don't have to talk about it," Steve began, "please forget that I...", but Tony shook his head, vigorously. Getting real with Steve, and Steve getting real with him, back in the car, was what had started all this; and he still wanted that, with him, even if they only had a little time to spend together before they inevitably went their separate ways.
Tony: To try to figure out why the meds aren't working, try to bypass that for you. Try to make anesthetics that work, and maybe even antidepressants, I don't know. Shoulda done it ages ago, honestly. I'm an idiot.
Tony: In the bathroom.
know that, Cap."
Tony: I was being nice. Also, apparently, you can do it all by yourself.
Tony: I swear I won't jump your bones at once.
When Steve gestured for Tony to follow him, Tony expected him to lead him into the office, but Steve seemed to change his mind at the last moment. He paused at the closed door, considered something for a second, then turned to Tony.
Tony: Yet.
Tony: How nice of him. Did he bake you cookies too?
Tony: *slow clap*
"It was so... you. What I felt."
"Yeah, I can manage without, thanks," Steve said wryly.
The conversation did open a can of worms. I had no ID and no legal status in this universe, unless being dead counted. In the end we swallowed our distaste and reached out to the reformed SHIELD; and (after some genetic testing, because, unlike Tony, they weren't about to gaze deeply into my eyes and declare it was really me) they promised to help us. In the meantime, I'd started volunteering in a soup kitchen. Tony teased me incessantly about my do-goodery (his words) and scoring points for the afterlife (also his words, but then he winced at them, so we moved on), and then declared he'd come with; he protested I spent too much time away from him and that he was bored. The very first time he tagged along, though, we got recognized. Someone took a picture, and it of course went viral. There were wildest speculations about me faking my own death and whatnot (on a battlefield, apparently, with more than a hundred witnesses, because that's how good I am at deception), and about Tony cloning me. In the end we had to hold a press conference, with Tony rambling something incomprehensible about quantum and laws of probability. He admitted to me later that it was mostly utter gibberish. Everyone nodded along sagely, though, pretending to get it. As it turned out, in a world where half the population turned to ash and came back five years later, it wasn't such a big a deal for one more person to get resurrected. We didn't mention diverging timelines and me traveling from one to another. No one would have believed
The days flew by, and he did his best not to give two thoughts to how the Rogers' attitude towards him had changed even further. There were no more attempted jokes or awkward kindnesses. Rogers began absenting himself from Tony's lectures. (But the lectures were drawing to a close, anyway, so that part of his life was over too; Tony told himself – very firmly – he was not going to miss it.) Cap still instructed him personally – that was unavoidable, obviously – but that was pretty much the only time Tony ever saw him. He did his best to keep his distance too. Strictly businesslike, that was the ticket to that cruiser. Tony knew how to do businesslike, sure enough, now that he knew his attentions weren't welcome. Between the two of them, they managed to keep the verbosity to a minimum. Tony did his best to not be late, so that they wouldn't have to discuss that. He wouldn't even say hi, which was pushing it perhaps, but he found that a half-assed salute, in this case, did wonders. They would discuss the previous session, as tersely as possible. Then they would get on with the new exercises or repeat the old ones. Without too much experimentation with high speeds during the full gravity simulation. There will be more time for that later, Cap had decided. He also now preferred to sit in the instructor's chair, where he couldn't lean over Tony or guide his hand. Tony failed to acknowledge his presence whenever it was possible.
Steve nodded. "I know," he said. "I know, Tony." He sounded tired. Tony didn't like that at all.
Steve laughed, because what else could he do; but he did sound a little choked, Tony noticed. He regretted his offhandedness instantly. But honestly, what options did he have? In his head Steve was always just Steve, even during the worst of their fights, the ones he thought would never get resolved. ‘Steve’, and to him it was equal parts apple pie and smell of clean laundry and all the clichéd golden things on one side (no, no, drop that train of thought), and on the other – something cold and brittle and dangerous; icebergs and shards of glass. It held too much meaning, but he couldn’t say that to him. It was safer to just stick with ‘Cap’ or ‘Rogers’ and not touch the rest even with the welding gloves on.
Captain caught onto him soon enough. He learned not to react, he learned to just look on – politely, inquisitively – intently listening to the explanations he already knew like the back of his hand.
"Any suggestions as to how to impress the good Captain?" he asked half-joking, looking at Natasha, the Cap-friend, the one who apparently was on first name basis with Rogers. Tony leaned against the bedpost and smirked and tried to be cute; it tended to have a certain effect on women. By now it was practically his second nature. Lieutenant Romanoff gave him a cool up and down and decided to take his question with a modicum of seriousness.
Who? And what are you doing now?"
Tony: A lady?
"Heroically," I said without hesitation, and he just snorted.
She nods.
Tony: And you know what, just saying I agree with Everhart, on anything, might make the universe implode, so watch it, Rogers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony: I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
Another millimeter forward, because there was no choice now. The course was set. His heart in his ears like a hurricane, like a flood. Steve's body still pressed into his where the acceleration left it. His eyes, so fucking blue in the blue light of the control panel...
Tony also experimented with a smile, but then he seemed to register Steve's actual words. "What?" he said in mild outrage. "You don't have to lie down if you don't want to, but I'm not letting you
"Okay?" I repeated, not sure what was going on. "Okay
to be there now. Still. If it's not too late. Tonight, I keep thinking..." Steve broke off. "After Siberia, I thought it was way too late already, but then you said... In the Compound, you..."
But that seemed like a discussion for later, when he had his breath back. Instead he gave him half a smile and shrugged. "Want a beer? It's cold."
Tony: Okay, I will.
Steve didn't know who was in the suit of armor." He gave Natasha a haunted look. "He didn't know. And I couldn't stand the idea that he didn't know the real Tony. I saw his memories – it felt like it had all happened to me." He tried for a brittle smile, but it didn't convince Natasha he was all right, which was probably what he was going for. "And not knowing Tony, it just... It made the world seem smaller, in a way. Insufficient. I don't know." He seemed to be puzzling over his own words for a moment, then shrugged. Met Natasha's eyes. "And I had almost killed him..." Seemingly oblivious to what he was doing, he clutched at his stomach, almost as if he was going to throw up.
Carefully feeling his way through the rubble, he went back to his own cell.
A picture of Tony and Morgan was on the shelf near the sink, so Steve came over to take a look, to busy himself with something. He'd seen Tony's daughter only two or three times before, when she was a baby. She was a lovely kid, and the soft look on Tony's face in the photo was something new and precious. And then Steve spotted another photo there, of Tony and little Peter, and he found himself once again struck with the realization how much sadness they all carried, and how much loss, and all he wanted was to stick by Tony right then, to work together in silence and perhaps to think about all the other people who also could have been there, with them, if things had been different, if they hadn't lost.
But of course Steve would be insecure. There was so much unsaid between them. No, scratch that. Everything between them was still unsaid, and he couldn't even imagine where he would start with the business of
"Oh, yes," Steve gasps.
, but the words clog in his throat. Steve saves the day, because otherwise it would seem as if Tony Stark didn't know what to say. "So, I'm the breakable one and
Tony (God, this is confusing sometimes) – came back to the Compound and shook my hand. Like setting a sprained arm; it still hurt, like hell, but all of a sudden, somehow, it was a good pain. That was how it felt. His Steve never had that, he never got his Tony back and it must have been heartbreaking for him. But right now I only have eyes for the Tony right here in front of me, about to quietly fall apart.
"Oh, I'm
Steve blushed a little, just a rosy tint to his cheeks, but he grinned insolently. "If it would embarrass him, then yeah, I'd say go for it. But I think he would just smile and nod happily, so that kind of spoils the fun."
If he'd expected some kind of solicitous reaction, he should have known better. She just arched an eyebrow.
Steve probably went for a run. A creature of habit, our Captain.
He was looking for closure. I hoped to show him something better.
him," she said. "But he seems to be too much of a self-centered prick to be your type."
"Cadet Stark," he said in a measured voice. "A word."
Tony: I said exactly what I wanted to say, for once.
, intent on someone else.
Steve startled. "What?"
"Steve?"
making something he
. But he'd always envisioned velvety handcuffs and soft ropes. Not... all this.
Tony: Excuse me?
Tony: If I want to
Cap cleared his throat.
"Steve?"
Tony: Go make something, Rogers.
Steve looking away was hitting a high note and realizing
Steve likes to be alone in a crowd, Tony knows. He likes to go and look at people, watch life take place around him.
. Move along, citizen, nothing to see here. And on the surface, that was that; just two guys that weren't particularly close, and even found each other irritating most of the time. It looked like that to Steve sometimes, too.
Tony: Steve, I tried
Steve is sitting on the bridge that leads to the town. He's climbed over the wooden railing, and now he's sitting on the stone blocks at the very edge of the bridge, staring into the waters below.
Flying was what you did when you got too hoarse from screaming on the inside. Of course, boredom and alcohol had a hand in it too. The point was, he was an expert flyer, he had a license of the highest order a civilian could have, and despite all his stunts, he didn't manage to have it taken away. (This was where 'rich' came into play, he thought cynically). In any case, gravity notwithstanding, flying a viper couldn't be that different from flying a planet-side vessel. The controls were very much alike, with just a few differences. All he needed to do was get himself into one of the birds, and be himself, be brilliant, shine. Show Rogers and Fury and everyone he could be useful, indispensable. So the first impressions didn't really matter all that much, right? Right?
"No way," Steve murmured. His words were barely audible, but the sarcasm in itself was palpable. Tony snorted.
Natasha nodded towards the pair of warriors walking away together. "You didn't perchance use a Cupid's arrow on them or something?"
? What is it?"
"It's more of a... souvenir," Tony says mysteriously, making a show of rummaging around. "Here it is."
Tony made all of one step away from the door, when the realization hit him, when it crashed home. He practically fell over his feet, throwing himself back at the door, yanking at the doorknob.
saga?"
to focus on her, searched his feelings for the umpteenth time.
. All fired up.”
He shook his head at himself, and also in order to get rid of the dreamerly remnants. Started opening and closing the desk drawers. Finally located a stack of post-its, probably left there by someone else.
Tony: so I just
Steve spotted him and a smile lit up his face despite the mask now pressed over his nose and mouth. Even if the mask hadn't been transparent, the crinkling of his eyes would have been enough. It was so unexpected that Tony stopped for a second; glanced over his shoulder to check if there was somebody
Grounding was the trick, Tony knew that from personal experience. Keep Steve talking. Make him analyze this. Make him tear the sensation into tiny, digestible bits.
sorry.”
to know what exactly was wrong with Steve. Because he was used to Steve getting up and shaking it off and never, ever admitting he even felt tired. If he ended up in hospital, soon enough he'd tear the IV out of his hand and walk out, no matter what anyone had to say about it. He was a bull-headed idiot. Frustrating as it was, Tony'd always somehow liked that about him. He sighed. "I want to fix everything. That's all."
Tony: I get it.
Tony also splashed his face with warmed up water, and all in all, he felt super-productive; he hadn’t sneezed once since he’d got up.
Steve just nodded, because he was talkative like that and you could always count on him to pick up a conversation if it was limping.
"None of your business unless you join," Fury shot back. "And probably not even then."
"What, through the
"That's, ah... my grandmother is not the artist in question. It's widow Kelley, actually, she's..."
There. It's out now.
. And he'd known it all along, of course he had, he just let himself get carried away because it would be so easy to fall into his old patterns and try to drown these unbearable feelings in other sensations. But it wasn't fair to anyone involved, and especially not to Peter.
Tony: Didn't you say you had a good time?
He sits down on his bench, and now I can see his profile from where I'm standing. The familiarity of the outline equals pain. He has a chess set with him on the bench, and for a moment I wonder if he was playing with Morgan. But he barely looks at it. He looks at the Morgan's disappearing back for as long as he can see it, and then he just sinks down. His face crumples into something way more tired and way more sad. I haven't seen him like this – maybe ever. But this is a different Tony and I don't know his story.
BARTON: So... Hi, I guess? I'm Clint Barton. Hawkeye. The guy with the bow and arrows you barely remember seeing. Except in Madripoor, everyone saw me in Madripoor. This is exactly what I wanted to make a statement about. I'm an international fugitive, a former agent of SHIELD, a former Avenger. A lot of former things, then. I'm only talking on behalf of myself, not on behalf of my... my friends. Maybe a little bit on their behalf too, but primarily for myself. I'm doing this because... Plainly, because I think people have the right to know the truth about what happened, and you are not getting it anywhere else right now.
, blurred and dim, in the daylight; he could discern the silhouettes, the movement. And the silhouettes he was now straining to observe were that of Rhodey, in his War Machine gear, fretting over Tony on his newly acquired crutches, in the hospital parking lot. It was snowing, but the snow wouldn't stick. The trip in an out of the hospital was truly expedient. Tony had agreed to the x-rays and the cast only because Rhodey absolutely wouldn't back down.
Tony: Naturally.
"Okay, wait." Quint was getting grouchy, but it was Quint, so that was nothing out of the ordinary. "There's another kind of scissors, too, isn't there?"
"He wants me to tell him he can stop, doesn't he? Wants me to actually say it."
The simulator kept going faster and faster; the same maneuver, then the variations, one side and then the other, up and down, one enemy, two, three, evade, and do the loop and shoot, then another loop, then shoot again, faster and faster until his reflexes could barely keep up. Hot exhilaration coursing through him, he became aware of Cap's voice, nearer than it was supposed to be. "Lagging. You're lagging. The left, Stark.
"He's good," commander Fury countered. "Not just a good engineer, Rogers." He didn't need to say: we desperately need men. He might as well have  said we need water in order to live. Yes, times were desperate, but, Steve thought, this would do more damage than good.
"Don't be an idiot."
Tony: Why are you asking me all this?
"We're trying to stay in the same biz as before," Fury explained curtly, "but on a lower budget and technically outside the law."
Tony: I’ll forgive you. Maybe I already have. In a way I have. In part. When you’re being so earnest, how could I not? And probably fully, in time. I don't know how to explain it.
Steve's arm sneaked around Tony's waist, but gently. He didn't pull him closer, just let it rest there. It somehow felt bursting with kinetic energy, though, as if it took an enormous effort of will to keep it still.
"Yeah, I'm not done," Tony cut him off, determined to have this over with. "I'm Tony S..."
Tony: The others?
"Could I borrow the clothes now?" Steve called out from the living room. "I keep tripping over the blanket."
Last time he'd been alone with Tony, there was a roof in Berlin, and jam donuts, and Thor's mead too. Steve'd needed alcohol that
But here it was now. An opening. Maybe they could try that uncanny talking-to-each-other thing again. They didn't have to even be on good
, he stared into Tony's eyes for too long – way longer than what could be considered socially acceptable, or, well, nonsexual. And Tony was standing there, motionless like a statue, and Steve was all to close, and it took just a speck of imagination to picture Steve leaning forward and pressing his lips against Tony's and pressing his
Tony: Well, he left what amounts to a suicide note, so not really. He wanted to try the new serum, which worked beautifully, in case you wanted a hulk – apparently it was the batch acquired in Madripoor, so basically your story is now officially confirmed. You should see how quickly everyone is washing their hands of this. One would think Ross went over there himself, alone, on foot, and bought the thing with his own pocket money.
"You okay?" This from Tony; that concern again, that made Steve's heart clench just a little bit. It was normal concern, concern for a fellow soldier, it didn't need to mean anything else. And even if it did, that would be even worse, wouldn't it?"
It's a common trap, Steve thought to himself. Because you are afraid of prying and you think the other person will talk if they want. And they probably think they shouldn't burden you with their problems, they think you'll ask if you're at all interested. And if you fall into that trap, remarkable people like Tony Stark drop you in the next town, and drive off, and you never see them again because you were too much of a coward to have a real conversation with them. And it's another opportunity missed, another chance gone to waste. Opportunity to... what, chance to do what...? He didn't have an answer to that, but waiting and keeping silent never did him any good.
He knew he sounded breathless – an unfortunate effect of being fucking
And what could they say to that?
Tony: Your move.
don't try to charm him."
Tony: Yeah, screw you.
Tony just shook his head morosely as he crawled back into bed. "I don't
Tony: And I wasn't even sure if I WANTED the phone to buzz or not, it's like an odd in- between state, where I both want it and not, so that I can have this moment last longer. I'm lying in bed and I'm so overexcited I'm almost shaking. And of course I can't sleep now. I haven't been this giddy since second grade, fuck this. I think I can positively hear thoughts flurrying around in my head.
Steve felt a nascent smile upon his lips. "I thought we were launching guerrilla warfare against Cylons, but apparently I need to learn how to babysit first."
He left the signal on, like a beacon, and let the recorded message play on repeat. Then he grabbed his gun, because yes, there was one left, one that he hadn't melted, just in case, just in case...
. Fury's words from twenty years back had been ringing in Tony's ears ever since his application was first disqualified. It had to be it. Fury had to have put a stop to it.
"Who's that? Who are you talking to?" That was Tony's indistinct, crackly voice over the comm. Steve'd forgotten to turn the mick off.
Steve thought of asking. It sounded like something someone would ask in that situation, but Steve was not that someone. With certain people, conversations like this one flowed effortlessly. With Tony... Steve was too self-conscious, and he didn't think it had anything to do with Tony being Howard's son.
jealous," Steve said with a small smile.
Natasha took a step in his direction, put a hand on his shoulder, stared into his eyes for a moment. Then she nodded. "Okay," she said as if something was now decided. "We'll do that, then."
"The signal tends to be wonky around here, true" Tony said, compressing his lips. "But for fuck's sake, Steve, I thought you'd pop by on your bike or something. When the road conditions didn't allow for that, you didn't have to go all Robert Falcon Scott on me. Who does that?"
The smoke detector in his suit went off.
" His voice hitched so sweetly Tony couldn't
Cap's voice was warm in Tony's ears as he explained. For a moment, Tony was content to listen to the melody, the modulation of it. As soon as he realized this, he pulled up short. This had to stop.
Steve interrupted. “Yeah, the stim still worries me, though. The way I understand it, it can sometimes leave you suddenly sapped of energy, and...
Tony: I'm going to kill someone over this, but she's really okay.
Steve felt the heat in his own cheeks rise even higher. "Yes, I figured that."
"I'm going to make it good for you," Tony promises, and realizes he somehow isn't worried about life and death situation so much as about pleasing Steve under the circumstances. "But you have to tell me what you want, as we go" he says. "You have to tell me what you
And then Tony remembers he's supposed to stay reserved, so he pulls back, wipes the smirk off his face. "We should go," he mutters. But then, with an urge for petty vengeance – because he doesn't want Steve's touch to feel this good – he narrows his eyes and grabs Steve's hand in a steely hold. "Come on,
? I know you want to fight the good fight, we've already established that, but if you fool around with Stark for a bit, who's going to find you out? Here? Who's going to report you? Who's going to
This was... irritating. This heartbreaking situation, this thing that hampered something Tony had come to desire with all his heart – it was positively... irritating.  "Aw come on," he snapped. "Even out here? This side of the red line? Who's gonna mind? Who's gonna
Tony: You try to walk it off.
"Tony?"
"Who says I'd jump into bed with you?" I retorted, this time managing to grin back. Partly, it was a lie, and partly not. There were other muscles besides the ones needed for smiling that stirred back to life in his presence. But I was used to wanting Tony. The desire always smoldered somewhere inside me when he was present; it was an automatic reaction by now, as was keeping it in check, always. But the only thing my heart wanted right now was to bask in his presence; to look, maybe to touch a bit, and to become accustomed to the idea of being around him. And my mind was crystal clear on what
He'd seen some footage of him as Iron Man. Steve had always wondered if his actions were self-serving when you came to the root of it, but now he knew that couldn't be further from the truth. Steve was no one at all to him, but Stark cared nevertheless.
"Hey, my dude."
"I... don't really want to lie down," Steve managed. He turned away from Tony, not wanting him to see his face right at that moment. So. He'd spoiled the nice ting they'd had going on, as well as the lovely offer of dinner. Great. He stood there, looking for a distraction, anything to do or say.
Tony was already by the door when it opened and chief Jacobson came in. He took Tony's unresisting hand, shook it twice with some reluctance and even slapped him on the back; weakly. He was radiating so much awkwardness Tony instantly felt sorry for him.
anything. Tony was pretty sure Steve had way more than that to say, with his lot in life. Somehow, he was still failing to open a vein while he drew. Failing to make a connection between what was on paper and what was
Tony gave him a measuring look. "Really?" he said, not buying it for one minute. (His dry voice, his dancing eyes, oh
And if he'd stayed in for a few hours more, he'd have been snowed in for real. Inside the shed. What fun.
"If I asked what you thought of the new cadets, you'd still give me a hard time, right?"
"Maybe we could have all that again," he said gently. "All the Avengers, back together. I mean, who knows, now. We could try."
Tony just nodded. "I'm acting as a receptor of sorts; that's what you're thinking, right?"
work?
A pause: "
"You don't have to," Steve said so softly that for a moment Tony wondered if he'd heard him at all.
– the surviving civilian cruiser – with a unit of his marines, but the calls were limited to officers and reserved for urgent situations. Oh, well. Tony found himself almost missing the tech department. There, at least, there was an impromptu bar you could hang out in after your shift was done. Here, the pilots had their rec room, obviously, but Tony wasn't a pilot yet. Neither were, for that matter, the other new cadets.
Tony glanced at the sign, blinked twice. “Huh.” And, with some hesitation: “It used to be a black slope, back when,” he explained. “Evidently they’ve reclassified it.”
He hands me my sandwich. "It's ridiculous," he says, almost viciously. "As if it would have changed anything. He'd still be dead. But it's been years, and half the time all I can think about is how I wish I'd said something to him." He tries to chuckle and falls short. "A hug would have worked too. As if
They were walking up the path, the cabin already in sight, visible by the early moonlight. Steve was carrying both sets of skis (he’d insisted). Tony was walking behind him; he was getting weaker in the knees by a moment, his joints jelly, but as Steve leaned the skis against the cabin, Tony couldn’t help himself. He bent down, picked up a handful of snow.
Steve nodded, but still stole a worried look at his companion not two heartbeats later. Tony caught it. Grinned reassuringly. “Look, Cap. I’ve absolutely no wish to end up hurt. I’d...”
Tony: Now, now, let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Tony: but not bad drunk like the last time
"There's a door here," Steve said. Which – yes, that would explain the section of the dividing wall on his side that seemed newer, way more sloppily plastered.
"Your brain is receiving and internalizing Berger waves, which shouldn't be possible – hell, it shouldn't be possible to emit them in such quantities as your pal does, let alone..."
Tony: Yay.
Tony: Yeah, but would you tell me if you were?
Tony: Sorry.
"You could make this a study in hormonal effects on human behavior," he whispered, tugging at Bruce's blanket, hard enough to make a point, but not hard enough to actually pull it off the bed. "That's what you used to be interested in, back home, isn't it? Endorphins from running, adrenal fatigue from moving through vacuum in a tin bucket: How do they mesh?"
Tony: My head is killing me and I can't
He can see his cock twitch; it's hard and red and needy, already, and Tony follows his gaze.
And now, as a streetlight poured its liquid gold into the car, he took a good, long look at Steve for the first time. His crisis mechanism instantly went into overdrive; thanks to it, his face stayed expressionless. He looked away as if nothing had happened. He said: "Then you have to be my local guide. Protect my interests and translate for me and things."
"How?" she asked quietly. She didn't sound dubious, just thoughtful.
It took him a moment to identify the nature of the warmth in his chest cavity. He was happy that Steve not only lusted after him, but also wanted him in his life in some capacity. Tony was feeling
With an effort of will, he turned away from the window, traced Steve’s dear, familiar form with his eyes, starting from his feet, then all the way up, slowly, so slowly, tormenting himself, prolonging the anticipation. Steve was leaning against the doorway, hands in his pockets, ever so casual. Tony had
It hit him violently – the realization what he was doing, how intimate this position was, how close he was to Tony's back and the prospect of even more nearness.
And then the third thought elbowed its way into his mind: how Steve wasn't looking around as he asked that question. How he hadn't done much looking around
So. Nobody commented on Steve using Tony's first name on the battlefield. Granted, it was neither the time, nor the place to get into this, and Steve was weak and sick. Still, he wasn't going to be happy about his own slip in front of all these men, later. Also, she suspected it wasn't just weariness. For him to break his own iron rule meant something had happened while he was a prisoner. Something not so good.
