“Spread your legs.” Ok, Sherlock thinks, here we go. He'd wanted this but nevertheless clenches and hisses as a cold dollop of lubricant hits his anus. John's latex covered fingers rub it quickly over his hole and then Sherlock can feel cold metal scraping over his entrance.
“God, you're so lovely.” John whispers after a while. “I love doing this to you. Giving you what you need. I never want to stop.” He's glad Sherlock can't hear him. His cleft looks already chafed and raw. Yet the sounds he makes are surely affirmative for more. So John continues.
“John, where's Sherlock?”
But John doesn't show mercy. “Stay up.” He says firmly, grabbing Sherlock's short hair. “I thought you wanted to make me happy, Sherlock.”
Sherlock spends the day chained to the bed, on his knees, servicing John with his mouth. There are cloth pins on his ballsac and silver clamps on his nipples; John pulls on the heavy chain dangling down over Sherlock's chest now and then, making Sherlock first gasp and later just sigh in agony. When Sherlock is not sucking John's cock he's licking at his arse, pushing his tongue deep inside John's body until he thinks he might have dislocated his jaw.
“Please, lets go out. My brain is rotting. I need some diversion.” Sherlock begs, his voice like molten chocolate.
“That won't be necessary.” Sherlock smiles winningly. Yet the Inspector seems unimpressed by his charms.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John. “But I like this. I want this,” he whispers, his voice all dark and husky.
Sherlock turns, regarding John over the rim of his cup. “But you stayed.” It's not a question.
He nods. “How do you want me?” He smiles and lets his legs fall open.
“Ok, I think we should establish a few rules before we proceed with this.” John begins, leaning his hip against the table top. “You know your safeword and you are allowed to use it. I actually encourage you to do so if you are really uncomfortable with what we are doing. Otherwise, I'll assume you like what's happening. In case you won't be able to speak we should agree upon a sign from you. I'll stop immediately.”
Sherlock hadn't been able to get off for the whole two weeks of their separation. By now, he must be gagging for it.
“Gag. Asphyxiation. Exhaustion. Your head might be under water. Or your mouth might be filled with cock. Just a few examples.”
Bowing down over Sherlock's back, he growls into Sherlock's ear: “I want to hear you beg some more.”
“No. Watch yourself.” Mycroft whispers hotly. “You beautiful thing. You are extraordinary. Unbelievably hot. My perfect rubber doll.”
“You want to tell me?” John flicks one of the clothes pins sitting low on Sherlock’s stomach, and Sherlock’s slim hips buck forward involuntarily. His face contorts in pain when he’s forcibly reminded that John had put a metal rod up his urethra; his eyes roll back in his head as a low growl escapes his throat. “Or do you want to stay like this a little longer? Let me play with you.” John breathes, the words skimming warm over Sherlock's heated skin.
“So what?” Sherlock's brother suddenly fixes John with a hot, piercing gaze. “Remember, we have an agreement. You took my money to pay off your debts. Do you want to beck out now? Have you, after all, formed some sort of emotional attachment to my little brother?”Mycroft's sneer is downright offensive.
“You. Stupid. Cow.” Irene hisses, before dealing another blow.
The silence of the evening is broken by the sound of splintering wood, echoing uncharacteristically loud in the still, warm air. It takes a moment before Sherlock figures out that John must have broken into the small house he'd seen through the hedges. What is it? A gardener's lodge? Some sort of shed?
Sherlock is moaning like a debased whore, silently begging for release. His body burns and soars with pain as he's been fucked raw for what feels like hours, but he doesn't care. He's high on endorphins, and as the content of the last condom is poured over his face he can only mumble “Thank you, John, thank you...” while wantonly lapping up the come.
“I didn't, John, please, of course, I didn't.” Sherlock is almost babbling, the words spilling out of him in a desperate attempt to get back into John's good books. “But I'm sure she recognised the company I was with. They were snorting coke at her kitchen table, and she eyed me all the time. I'm sure she took some photos on her mobile.” John groans. “But don't you see, this is perfect, John. My drug habit will make the papers. They'll have a field day, calling me a junkie, unstable, and whatever else. That's exactly what we need.”
And another.
” He shouts, pressing his cheek against the threadbare rug. His fingernails dig into his sensitive skin as he forces himself to stop moving. He even bites down on one arm so the pain can distract him.
First, he lies on his back. There's a thin stream of piss running over the tiles, as men a little further away empty their bladder. But Sherlock quickly becomes the centre of attention once again. Men step up next to him and start to relieve themself all over his body, especially his face and groin. Sherlock moans into his gag and turns his head this way and that to wash the congealing mess of saliva and ejaculate from his cheeks and forehead. The men willingly assist him, directing their hot streams towards his brow, nose and chin. The t-shirt in his mouth gets soaked quickly, allowing him to taste the men, piss slowly seeping into his mouth.
“Not until you say it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock slumps to the floor, curling up on himself as Moriarty opens the handcuffs around his wrists, not waiting for his ankles to be untied. He shuffles back on his bare arse, as far away from the stretcher as possible while still being chained to it. What little saliva is left in his mouth he spits on the tiles, frantically trying to remove the vile taste of death from his tongue. He's not sure if it will ever go away.
Sherlock rolls his eyes at this lame pun, only to gasp half in shock and half in ecstasy as Greg slowly starts to push the grey receiver up Sherlock's arse.
“It's alright, I'll be just over there. I'm not leaving you alone.” John squeezes his free hand and presses a kiss just below his ear. Sherlock takes a large sip of the most excellent champagne – Piper-Heidsieck vintage 2004 – his eyes following John as he advances towards the bed.
“God, y-yes, please, Mycroft.” Sherlock whispers, his voice filled with frightened anticipation, yet hoarse from crying.
As he is about to cross the road to get rid of his pursuer in the maze of little streets that make up this part of town, he has to suddenly jump backwards to avoid being run over by a Vespa. The driver shouts something at him that doesn't sound too friendly, and John slows down to preen around a corner to be on the save side before continuing his flight. But this turns out to have been a mistake when long, strong fingers grab his arm, clutching around his biceps.
They've opened the large window in the morning to let in a cool breeze but now it has become a scorching draught searing their skin, threatening to set them on fire. John gets up to close the shutters and take a bottle of water and some ice cubes from the little fridge in the corner, filling a large glass with icy water. He downs it before reaching the bed.
----------
“You told my colleague what you did at Acri’s party. To be honest, I don’t give a fuck if one poof killed the other. Acri was a dirty faggot as far as I’m concerned, and the world is better off without his lot. But as you don’t mind to engage in certain activities, maybe offering those to me could distract me from performing my duty.” The man grins as he winks and rubs his groin in full view of Sherlock.
It takes a few moments for Sherlock to be able to push himself up into a sitting position on the slippery floor. John – who's still wearing the gloves – unties him quickly and rubs his arms to start circulation again.
John smiles non-committally and reaches into his trouser pocket to retrieve a small thin metal rod that resembles a corkscrew.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispers. John swiftly leans in and kisses him, a chaste touch of lips that lingers. He doesn't want to let go. Neither does Sherlock.
She gives them a sour once-over, but it lacks her usual spite.
Upon Sherlock's bewildered look, John explains: “We are going out. There's a place I think you'll find exciting. It's basically a large public lavatory. They'll make good use of you.”
“Come on, let's go upstairs.”
“So, you are a virgin, right?”
“Then we probably shouldn't make a statement.”
Sherlock can feel Irene rub something bold and firm over his anus and it takes him a few seconds to grasp that it's the handle of the riding crop. It slips inside him rather easily – he's by now nicely stretched and lubricated – and Irene is met with no resistance as she pumps the handle in and out of him. To his own embarrassment Sherlock starts to get hard. He still holds himself open and even arches his back a little for Irene to push deeper. Suddenly, she hits a spot inside him and he gasps and almost jerks off the table.
----------
The dildo protruding from Sherlock's mouth isn’t overtly long but rather thick, with three round bulges increasing in diameter down to the base fastened above Sherlock’s mouth.
“God, Sherlock, the things you let me do to you. You are beautiful, so beautiful like this. I want to fuck you forever.” John is babbling while rocking into him. Eventually, he removes his thumbs and replaces them with the index and middle finger of his left hand, sliding them inside Sherlock on each side of his cock, massaging simultaneously his own shaft and Sherlock's walls. Sherlock whimpers, completely opened up, ready to be used. His orgasm has left him gasping for breathe as he trembles beneath John, ready to take everything.
“I want you to show your brother what a dirty slag you are. I want you to piss yourself in front of him, to show him how far you'll go. You need him to control you, for you are barely in command of your basic bodily functions.” John removes his hand but continues to slightly move the plug inside Sherlock's arse. “Come on, debase yourself, show us how low you have sunken.”
Sherlock can only shake his head, his sweaty curls sticking to his temples. He is beyond speech, blissed out by his orgasm as well as by the delicious humiliation Greg's treatment is promising.
“Now then, as you told me last night, you are rather keen to suck me off. Isn't that right, Sherlock?”
Quickly, he pulls the nasogastric tube out of Sherlock's nostril. A small rivulet of blood accompanies this procedure, trickling from Sherlock's nose as John disposes off the thin plastic hose. Still, Sherlock doesn't breath. Next, John uses the scissors to cut open the seam sealing Sherlock's lips. He feels frighteningly calm as he does so, like in the eye of a hurricane. Bowing down, pinching Sherlock's nose, John breathes into Sherlock's mouth, long and deep.
“I'm sure I will.”
Sherlock stares, unblinking. The idea of getting fucked by this cock tonight is suddenly overwhelming.
Sherlock is suddenly sure that he's in trouble. This is not one of their games. John is deeply hurt.
Sherlock's cock is fully hard, still trapped in his small knickers. John has removed his shirt and jumper but still wears his jeans, staring at the miles of pale skin in front of him, contemplating the best place to start. He needs to see Sherlock bleed, the warm blood that pulses through his veins extracted, to make sure he's truly alive. John needs this experience to convince himself that this is real. After all his drunken daydreams and hazy nightmares, John needs proof.
“Molly!” John sighs. “They are all over poor Molly. As if it hadn't been bad enough for her alre...”
“Please... use a condom.”
John coughs and breaks the spell.
And Sherlock does as he's told, bending his left knee to give John better access to his arse. John can't see his fingers vanishing inside Sherlock as his cleft is still covered by the lace of the knickers, but he can hear the obscenely squelching noises of the lube as the tight ring of muscle gives way. The lube running out of Sherlock's hole and dripping from John's fingers makes the lace covering Sherlock's buttocks go dark.
“Enough of that. Ge up.”
“Oh, I want to hang your lover out to dry. Sex sells. People are so petty, don't you think, John?  How much they love to see their heroes fall.”
“John, look over here...!”
Sherlock's mouth has gone dry at this prospect. John moves closer and kisses him, deep and lascivious, before whispering against Sherlock's lips: “I told Greg he can do anything he wants with you. Aren't you excited what he's up to?” John even gropes Sherlock's cock, his hands hidden beneath the deep folds of the Bellstaf. He can feel that Sherlock is painfully hard; the front of his expensive woollen trousers is already a little damp, as John had seen no need for pants.
She does. When she's left the room, John quickly brushes the cotton over the sticky mess on Sherlock's belly and groin, despite flaying arms and legs, a bony elbow almost hitting John in the face.
“Sweet chestnut.” Sherlock answers a little breathless.
Sherlock has to lie in his piss all morning as John forbids him to get up. Meanwhile, he showers, has breakfast, checks his emails, reads the paper and goes to Tesco to do some shopping. Sherlock is left alone, curled up in their soiled bed, the wet cotton clinging to his skin, wrapping him like a cocoon. He's achingly hard, and just yearns to hump a pillow, but he doesn't, because he's pretty sure John wouldn't approve.
“Beg for it.”
“You must be my appointment, Mr Holmes? I'm Toby.” Mycroft gestures towards Sherlock, who is suddenly very much aware that he still has dried come on his face and in his hair, is in high-heels and wears nothing but latex and a cock cage beneath his heavy woollen coat.
“I know you'll catch him in the end. Moriarty. Because you are amazing and brilliant and unique.” John smiles a wicked smile. “I also know that I will shag you so hard afterwards that you won't be able to walk for a few days. I'll beat you till you scream. I'll bite you until I draw blood. To make you loose control, to give up. To surrender. Because that's what you want, Sherlock Holmes. That's why you started all this in the first place.” John's voice is just a hot whisper against Sherlock's ear now, and finally, Sherlock allows himself to give in and leans his forehead onto John's shoulder. John holds him, anchoring him with one hand to the small of his back and the other at Sherlock's nape, until he can feel Sherlock's shoulders relax a fraction.
“God, you are so beautiful like this.” John murmurs, swiping saliva from Sherlock's chin, only to brush his wet fingers over Sherlock's hot cheeks and fluttering eyelids. “You've done so well.” Sherlock arches into the gentle touch, craving tenderness after this brutal punishment. In the dim light John's eyes look fathomless and his usually so placid features gain a stout seriousness and determination while he admires his work. Sherlock has become John's creature, defined and owned by him and at his mercy.
“He interrogated me. Quite thoroughly. For weeks.” Moriarty's tone is soft again, yet his eyes burn with hatred. “He's very good at it, I have to admit that. It's always a pleasure to deal with a professional.” The grin he shoots Sherlock is full of menace. “What do you think your Mummy and Daddy would think if they'd come to know that Mycroft wants to bone his little brother?” Sherlock makes some undignified sounds at this as he tries to protest.
“Shut up, will you. No need to scream like that.”
This is it, then. The handover. Eclosion.
Eventually, Sherlock has no tears left to shed. When John tells him to get up on his knees, he does, too weak to put up any resistance despite his trembling legs. John first removes the towel from his mouth before presenting the bloody brush to Sherlock, who knows what is expected of him.
Only now, John has to admit, Sherlock is becoming too quiet and obedient. At first, John fears he has broken him, destroyed something within him even Mycroft had been unable to crush. It takes a few days for John to realise that Sherlock is content, that he has accepted his role and truly craves for the ever escalating treatment John inflicts upon him. It seems to be the only way in which he can finally surrender: voluntarily becoming the inanimate object of John's darkest sexual fantasies.
Mycroft straightens, pulling on his cuffs, smoothing his lapels. He seems to re-evaluate the situation. After a moment, he says: “Fair enough. If that's the case, if Sherlock wants to stay with you, I have no choice but to concede defeat. Good day, Sherlock. John.”
“Well, not today. I just want to play with your hole a little while longer.” John continues to finger Sherlock until he gets thirsty and takes a beer from the fridge. “Try to hold it inside.” John asks as he gets up, and Sherlock does, clenching his sphincter to not let any of John's come escape. After John has sat down again onto his chair he only teases Sherlock's hole with the tip of his forefinger while he sips his beer.
“Was Acri fighting with someone? Did he seem sad, or angry? Did anyone behave suspiciously?” The Inspector is browsing through her notes, tapping her pen against the table-top.
“Get dressed. Then we'll root for some breakfast.” John hums against Sherlock's inviting, yielding mouth.
Sherlock clenches his buttocks together, trying to hold the thorny capsules in place.
Something breaks inside him.
“You look delicious.” John hums in appreciation, lazily teasing Sherlock with the chop sticks. “This is so depraved and yet you are enjoying it.” Sherlock nods and moans in response, low and needy. “If I push to hard, I might seriously harm you. Or one of the sticks could slide fully inside you. We'd have to go to A&E to remove it. Imagine all the nurses and doctors giggling and joking about the stupid fag who fucked himself with chops sticks until one ended up his arse. God, the humiliation... I can see you blushing all over, Sherlock. I'm sure some nurses would probe your anus with gloved fingers, trying to locate the chop stick, perhaps even looking for other objects. Hm, doctors might want to take a good look as well, perhaps even taking pictures?”
Sherlock listens to John's breathing evening out, a sign that he's falling asleep. Yet Sherlock knows that John's a light sleeper, due to his army training, and will probably wake numerous times during the night anyway to check on him. No need to worry.
“Shut it, Sherlock, or I'll let John put you in a very small one.”
“I... I'm not... I don't...,” he stammers, his voice hoarse from lack of use. He starts to blink rapidly, and his body is suddenly shaking. He can't stop it.
Their eyes meet.
Sherlock arches an eyebrow. “It doesn't look like a gag. How does it work?”
John watches him, mesmerised, palming his cock through his jeans. “God, look at you, so filthy. The day will come when you beg me for it.” The bulge in John's trouser is rather impressive.
Sherlock can see his rim being stretched even more over each ridge popping free. It’s both gruesome and fascinating. He tries to breathe steadily, but a burning pain is shooting up his spine, sharp, white, hot, tightening his chest; it lingers, making him want to recoil, to scramble away, to scream. He doesn’t.
“Did you prepare yourself as I told you?” John groans between kisses, holding Sherlock's wrists with his left hand above his head in a death-grip.
A very dead blond man.
“Jesus”, John mumbles, resting his head against Sherlock's collar bone, fighting for breath. It takes a minute before he can sit upright again. “Are you alright?” he asks, absent-mindedly brushing one of his come-covered hands though Sherlock’s curls.
“Next time we come to the yard I promise you a full cavity search.” John smiles and Sherlock shudders, which earns him a playful swat on his biceps.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock breathes, his head dropping back against the door, going pliant under John's onslaught.
“I wonder if I should let you come.” John says, sounding almost sympathetic to Sherlock's obvious need. It's not a question Sherlock is prepared to answer. But when John rubs his thumb over his wet slit, he moans in response.
The next chapter features kinda kinky outdoor sex. The prompt was 'gardening'.
Sherlock leans back in his armchair and folds his hands over his knees.
John swallows before very gently easing Sherlock onto his stomach, carefully taking him into his arms, trying to cause as little discomfort as possible.
“You want it down there?” John asks.
“God, your mouth was made to suck cock. I want to see some guys come on your face after you sucked them off while I fuck your arse.”
Sherlock stares down, watching his most tender part being breached and invaded by hard, unyielding metal. It's amazing. It's frightening. It feels indescribable.
John smiles down at him, watching as Sherlock humps the sheets. “Are you very wet?”
When John is finished with the belt Sherlock is openly crying, his twitching body glistening with sweat.
John's vision goes foggy as he grabs Sherlock's hips with his bloodied fingers and pushes in, sliding inside Sherlock in one languid motion until he's fully seated, his balls brushing Sherlock's perineum. His fingers leave dark red traces on Sherlock's white skin as they rub small circles into his back.
And another.
As he steps out of the tub to dry himself, John opens the bathroom door and watches him.
“It's a spider gag.” John explains.
“Very well.” Irene condescends, albeit sceptically arching one delicate eyebrow. “I'll show you some nice little tricks at the beginning, then I let you take over for a thorough thrashing.”
“Yes.” Sherlock huffs, blissed out yet still so very needy. His trapped cock truly hurts by now. His bollocks feel like they might explode, especially when John starts to squeeze them, rolling his sac in his damp palm.
He stands there long minutes even after Sherlock has been carted away, leaning against the damp wall, staring at the blood still pooling on the floor.
Mycroft shakes his head and takes another piece of the Victorian sponge on offer. His gaze wanders over to the mantle where a picture of his younger brother stands on full display, a black ribbon draped over its frame. It's the image that has also been used in the official obituary, having been taken two years ago when Sherlock had launched his website.
“Please.” Mark widens his stance to allow John better access.
“No, no, no, Sherlock! Look at me. Look what you are letting me do to you.” Moriarty traces Sherlock's upper lip, dipping into his Cupid's bow, smearing blood on his face like some gory make-up. “Does it feel like this when John touches you? Or is he firmer? Rougher? You like it rough, Sherlock?”
John takes three steps towards him and stops way too close, right in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock is a little taken aback but then just puts the condom between his lips and bows down over John's hard, leaking cock. He relaxes his throat as best as he can and sinks down onto John, his lips sheathing John's shaft in latex. When he comes up again, the condom snugly in place, John smiles proudly back at him.
----------
“Sherlock, this is for your own good.” John starts to explain, sounding all reasonable and doctorly. “After I saw your non-compliance this morning, your brother and I decided that we had to employ other methods to make you eat. You need nutrition. Your persistent refusal won't get you anywhere.”
“Yes.” Sherlock answers, open, and honest, and raw, and his.
John is a little bit surprised to wake first. Usually, Sherlock gets up quite early – if he sleeps at all – but last night seems to take its toll even on the world's only consulting detective. John has time to look at him in the early twilight, to study his gracefully serene profile, and an up until now unknown possessive pride fills his chest and warms his soul. Sherlock surrendered to him; he's now John's to break apart and form anew. And John loves it.
“Look!” John demands.
Sherlock tries to nod but is unable to. “Say yes or no, now!”
John's hand slips from Sherlock's hair and grabs Kate by her pony tail instead. He pulls her up rudely before sitting down in the chair himself, legs spread. Kate's red hair is twisted around John's fist; he brutally pushes her onto her knees until her face about three inches away from his groin.
Sherlock nods again.
Acri looks suddenly excited while Sherlock is just puzzled.
John tilts the candle again – and again, slowly filling Sherlock's urethra with hot white wax. Sherlock tries to stay still and not to flinch, yet his hips undulate on their own accord while he gasps in shock. John takes his time, waiting for enough wax to melt before tilting the candle again. Sherlock's heaving breaths fill the room in between, his body covered in a sheen of sweat. He's holding his hard cock in place for John, tugging between the drops of wax hitting him, stimulating himself to endure the next onslaught.
What he sees burns into his retina like a freeze frame. There's a figure crouching on the floor, hovering over the naked, pale frame of Sherlock – John would recognise him anywhere, under whatever circumstances. He holds Sherlock's wrists in one hand, pulled up over his head, pressed down against the concrete floor, surely painfully crushing the delicate bones. In his free hand is a mobile. He snarls something John doesn't comprehend
“Come here.” John pulls him by the hair as he aims for his face again and again, spraying saliva all over those beautiful features until they are covered in a glistening sheen. All the while, John is fisting his cock right in front of Sherlock, just of reach of his eager mouth.
Only, nothing of those had prepared him for what is about to happen. As the bells stop ringing, just after six o'clock, a shadow falls over his table. John had been fiddling with the burner phone, anticipating maybe another message, chasing him across town, but it had stayed quiet since last night. He only glances sideways as the chair next to him is pulled out from under the table and a woman sits down, wearing a long floral dress combined with a rather ridiculous I Love Amsterdam cap under which short ginger curls protrude.
Sherlock sighs. “You could use me instead.”
Which she does in quick succession, criss-crossing the strokes from Sherlock's shoulders down to the swell of his buttocks until he sobs and has difficulty breathing. Black dots dance before his eyes. His hands scrabble over the table top, searching for leverage. He's not sure how much he's already bleeding.
This takes ages. John now and then adds some more come from the glass as they both stretch Sherlock's arsehole beyond what he'd thought physically manageable. Only when Sherlock's knees start to buckle does John have mercy and removes both their fingers. As Sherlock moans at the sudden emptiness John takes another hemp rope and ties Sherlock's wrists behind his back. He works quickly and in a few moments has Sherlock's lower arms bound together up to his elbows.
John takes Sherlock to Miss Adler where his training commences.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock swallows. “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock disobeys John and acts defiantly. John punishes him. Things get a little messy.
Sherlock had done as he'd been told, clambering shakily about on all four, skittering like a newborn foal, his hard cock and full bollocks hanging heavy between his legs. In their kitchen, he'd taken one of the Ali Miller teacups form the shelves, suppressing the urge to stroke himself or rub against the furniture to take the edge off his arousal. He had to do what John told him. He could trust John. It had suddenly been so very easy to give himself up. His head had felt light, his mind had been clear. He'd been... content. Save. Happy.
John and Sherlock are making out on a hot day in Florence.
Sherlock laughs out loud, but it sounds more bitter than amused. “Pity. I suppose it was rather nice. Mummy does have a talent for such things.”
“How dare you to disobey me!” John thunders. “You do as you are told!”
“Well, how about the stuff you use in your Petri dishes?”
“You've got lovely hands, Sherlock. Long, slim, dextrous. Musicians hands. Beautiful. But you should know by now that I'll do anything to keep you in check.” John murmurs, before, with one brutally swift motion, he twists Sherlock's left pinkie forcefully to the side. A cracking sound fills the silent kitchen, and a scream escapes Sherlock's throat as his bones splinter.
“Yes.” Sherlock chants. “I love it. Take me. Fuck me. Break me.”
Sherlock feels nauseous, yet he nods. John had made him wear a short tight dress all day, that's now pushed up over his hips as he bounces on John's lap, riding his hard cock.
“That's very sweet of you, in a fucked up kind of way.” John smiles a little lopsided.
John drives even deeper inside the pliant body beneath him. Now, even Sherlock's erection is flagging. His face inside the bag has turned slightly purple, his lips a dark blue. John knows that he doesn't have more than three minutes left until Sherlock will be in serious trouble. Even his sphincter muscle doesn't clench anymore.
They are woken early the next morning by a text from Mycroft.
“But perhaps I could offer you something in exchange, something more valuable and important than stories about my sex-life.” Sherlock almost purrs.
Helpless.
“You greedy thing!” John groans, and starts to fuck him in earnest. Every thrust drives the dildo deep down Sherlock's willing, open throat. He moans around it and quickly starts to drool; John's vision blurs as he's desperately chases his own orgasm, despite having just come an hour before.
“God, John, please... I want to taste you. So badly. I need your come, please, feed it to me. I love the taste. Please...Nothing tastes as good as you. I want to swallow it all. Come into my mouth, all over my lips and tongue. Please. Give it to me... I won't spill a drop.” Sherlock stammers, his voice deep and needy as he cheers John on.
Sally has started to finger Kate a bit, already two fingers up inside her to the knuckles. “Still hot and swollen. He took you hard, didn't he?”
“You could have killed me with your gun and that bag the other night.” Sherlock points out.
John grabs a fistful of damp curls and brutally jerks Sherlock's head up, slapping his face again and again while hissing: “It's your own fault, you know that, don't you, Sherlock? Your own damn fault. Only your fault.”
Sherlock blushes even more. “What do you suggest?” He asks, biting his lower lip.
The next morning Sherlock is sitting in his chair opposite John, wearing slim black dress trousers and a tight black shirt. It's so thin that his rips are slightly visible through the soft cotton. Sherlock let's his legs fall open invitingly while he sips his tea but John merely glances over at him. Only when Sherlock rolls up his sleeves and tucks his violin under his chin to tune his instrument does John's eyes flicker over him. He even absent-mindedly licks his lips as Sherlock raises the bow. Sherlock smiles to himself as he gets up and turns towards the window to play some Bach.
Sherlock’s plea is cut short as his head is yanked forward by his hair. He just catches on in time and sinks onto his knees, hitting the floor hard, opening his mouth to have it stuffed with John’s cock. John pushes in regardless and only stops as his glans hit the back of Sherlock’s throat.
Down there is a corridor that formerly led towards the kitchen, scullery, coal cellar and pantry. Now, there are half a dozen closed mahogany doors. It is utterly silent.
John – always the good doctor – seems to sense Sherlock’s wrecked state for he momentarily stops fucking Sherlock with the dildo, empties the plastic bag he’s carried his purchases in onto the floor and quickly gets up. Sherlock is so far gone that it doesn't really register with him what’s happening. Therefore, he gasps in surprise as John pulls the bag over his head, tightening the handles around his neck to seal off the air supply. Sherlock’s rapid breathing has the plastic cling to his sweaty face in no time, his gaping mouth the indentation of a silent scream.
They repeat this three times. The come tastes more and more like vomit each time Sherlock brings it up and drowns it again. At the third attempt, Sherlock doesn't even need to put his fingers down his throat. The taste is enough to turn his stomach and expel the come again right away. People chuckle.
“You heard John.” Sherlock says in a low voice. But he doesn't meet Mycroft's eyes.
Sherlock seems to hesitate a second before bending down, moving a bit stiffly. He looks at the dildo and blushes a little (perhaps because it reminds him of the toy currently pushed up his still sore arse) then scrutinizes the knots. He has to kneel on the bed to take a good look, and John delights himself in the fantasy how the plug inside Sherlock must shift and graze over his prostate as he pushes his bum up in the air. God, the man is a tease! John decides there and now to fuck Sherlock so hard later that he will see stars.
“God, look at you. You just defiled a corpse.” Moriarty sounds equal parts disgusted and intrigued. Sherlock doesn't care. He lies in his own rapidly cooling ejaculate and has to get away from all of this. NOW.
When Sherlock looks up at John his eyes are large and pale. Two bright pink spots bloom on his cheeks.
“Breath.” It's the only warning Sherlock gets before John pushes in. He's huge. Sherlock cries out as the head of John's cock breaches him. It's too much. It feels like he's split in two despite all the preparation. It's like being ripped apart as his hole is stretched past endurance. Hot tears spill from Sherlock's eyes and he's drooling and gasping in pain as John continues to slide into him until he's fully seated.
John nods again.
“They could've killed you with their fucking dog!” He explodes. Does Sherlock know no boundaries?
“If you comply with this form of feeding, Sherlock, we might switch over to a much more convenient nasogastric tube in a few days. But that depends on your cooperation.”
“Lucky you that he allowed you to wipe it away before leaving. Come here.”
Sherlock knows exactly how this feels. With a sharp pang he realises how much he misses to be filled like this, getting his arse completely wrecked. John had been way too careful for his liking over the past days. He starts to squirm a little, clenching around the plug inside him, but one look from John makes him go still and rigid again.
With his free hand, John grabs the dildo again and viscously starts to fuck Sherlock with it. The body beneath him is almost spasming but Sherlock makes no effort to remove the bag. His arms are flung over the back rest  of the couch as he pushes his arse down onto the rubber cock while his head starts to loll from side to side.
“But how did you do it?”
When John pushes into him again he can actually feel his cock throb inside Sherlock's restricted throat as the man beneath him fights for air. But John doesn't loosen the belt. In fact, he draws it tighter.
John nods.
At the bottom of the stairs another dimly lit, narrow corridor seems to run along for miles. The building must be huge, Sherlock thinks. He quickly becomes disoriented following John's lead, who seems to know his way around the maze of mostly defunct service passages and maintenance tunnels. A sense of captivity befalls Sherlock, as if he's being trapped in a confined space.
“Ah, I'm afraid, Sherlock, I'm a newspaper editor. I stand on the side of the truth...” A rather unpleasant knowing smile creeps onto Magnussen's face.
John's fingers trail lower and lower over Sherlock's back until they reach Sherlock's arse cheeks. John slowly encircles the plug a few times before pulling it out in one go, making Sherlock gasp in shock. He can feel his hole twitch at the sudden emptiness and whimpers.
“John...” Sherlock’s voice is raw and trails off after just this one syllable.
“Bathroom?” Sherlock smiles shyly, a little unsure.
John must have heard when the shower was turned off, for he's back in the bathroom a few minutes later while Sherlock is still towelling himself off. He has their first aid kit with him. Sherlock's wrists and ankles are sore and there's the burn high on his bum. John uses antiseptic and burn ointment before putting some gauze over the bright red mark. It sits high enough on Sherlock's arse that he'll be able to sit without too much discomfort. In addition to the meds John has also brought a plug for Sherlock with him – the smaller black toy they'd started with yesterday.
“Look at you.” John whispers, enthralled. “Your greedy, wet cunt.” He takes Sherlock's phone from the bedside cabinet (he had allowed for Sherlock to take it with him in case he gets an important call or email) and takes a picture. “I'm sure I could stuff this phone inside you now easily.”
“John, please, I know it's a shock, but you have to calm down. You are attracting attention.” The voice mumbles, suddenly shockingly near John’s left ear, warm breath ghosting over prickling skin. Do hallucinations always feel this real?
“And?” Dimmock's voice seems to come from far away.
“Just the head. Lick and suck. Kiss it. That's it. Worship my cock.”
Left alone, Sherlock tries. He really tries. He even massages his abdomen a bit but it only takes a few minutes until he knows that he won't be able to hold it any longer. He scrambles to his feet, almost slipping in the moist tub, and reaches the toilet bowl just in time. The urge to empty himself is so strong that he can't even feel shame as the contents of his bowels rush out of him. It takes a while until he's sure enough that he's empty. He staggers into the shower and vigorously starts to scrub himself clean. He even pushes a soapy finger up his anus to wash himself. He wants to make John proud.
John continues to test Sherlock's limits as they return home to 221b.
“Kate did.” Irene answers, somewhat defensively. “I was busy.”
Sherlock staggers towards the chair, turns, spreads his legs and sinks backwards until he can feel the wet tip nudge his entrance. It's been more than a week since he had something up his arse, and when John had repaired the damage done by the Great Dane he had tightened his by then somewhat loose hole a bit. Therefore, it’s not that easy to take the large dildo. Yet Sherlock knows that the spit will quickly run down the silicone, so if he wants to profit from the sparse lubricant provided, he'll better act fast. Therefore, he forces the toy up inside him, trying to relax as best he can.
“You're so open, so wet. It's like screwing a cunt.” John tells him as his hand blurs on his cock. Forcefully, he pushes in, deep, so deep – and keeps it there, the base rubbing painfully hard against Sherlock's sore rim and perineum. He can feel his prostate being stimulated by it from the outside, and the pressure is so delicious that Sherlock's hips jerk and stutter in a fruitless attempt to climax. A sharp, frustrated whimper is drawn from him. He needs to come, his bollocks ache and tingle, but it's impossible and that nearly drives him mad.
“You want him tied up? Or shall we test his self-control?” Irene's fingers dance over the different bundles of black and red rope, tidily rolled up in one drawer.
Sherlock is entirely grateful that he's allowed to stop stroking himself. Until John returns with a small tin; it has some Asian looking letters on its lid and when John opens it Sherlock can smell the characteristic sharp odour of tiger balm. John puts some of it on his gloved left hand despite Sherlock furiously shaking his head and trying to move away from him. But John just grabs Sherlock's hair again with his right hand and holds him in place while wrapping his left hand around his cock. The pain searing through Sherlock's body at the contact makes him collapse backwards onto the floor.
The second room is empty.
The cellar is nothing like Irene's basement dungeon. Instead, the roughly plastered walls are painted a blazing white, though the ceiling is low and Sherlock almost knocks his head against the stone because he's even taller now in his plateau shoes than usual.
“Now, look at you, shaking like a newborn foal. I would let you up, you know, but I fear you could stumble and fall. Might ruin your looks.”
After a few more moments John slowly peels the dead candle end away from Sherlock's arse and moves up the side of his body until he kneels next to Sherlock's tear-stained face. As John strokes Sherlock's damp curls from his forehead he can see Sherlock's pulse hammer in his throat.
Sherlock shrugs. “She despises me anyway. I've got nothing to loose here. You, on the other hand, always were her favourite. Imagine how she would react if I showed her my tattoo.”
It's Greg.
But Sherlock being Sherlock, he wants more. In his view, John is unnecessarily overcautious in demanding safety procedures and basic supervision. Sherlock explains again and again that he knows what he can handle and firmly declares that he can cope with much more extreme situations; that he actually has to take a risk to be able to let go.
John cuts a corner, skittering down a narrow lane. But this is fucking Amsterdam, full of fucking canals but nearly not enough fucking bridges to fucking cross them, so he quickly ends up facing a black iron railing. He can hear fast steps running after him, getting closer, and an eerily familiar voice calling his name, yet he doesn't stop. Instead, he turns left, sprinting along the canal in hope to escape this spectre from a past he desperately wants to forget but seems not allowed to.
“Tell them to back off.”
“Talk to me, Sherlock. Sing for your supper.” John gasps, rocking eagerly into his fist, just inches away from Sherlock's flushed face, just out of reach for his mouth but close enough to smell him.
“No.” It's a barely audible whisper.
“Sherlock, what the hell... put that gun down!” Is it his, John wonders? Jesus fucking Christ!
“All the things we had, together, you and me. Remember, only I know who you really are. What you need. We are one flesh and blood. It's instinct. You belong to me. You've always belonged to me.” Mycroft takes a step towards Sherlock. “Let's go, brother mine.” He almost purrs, reaching out to touch his brother.
“John, please, stop.” The deep, velveteen voice gasps behind him. “These shoes are really not made for running after you.” It’s breathless, and sounds so much like John's memories of Sherlock - beneath him, in bed, held down and forced into submission - that it actually hurts in his chest. Yet John doesn't dare to look around.
“Tell me what you just did.” John requests, his voice rough with with arousal.
John slowly unbuttons his fly. As his cock springs free, Sherlock's head jerks greedily forward but the leash holds him back, just out of reach.
The next chapters will get a bit more plotty, just so you have been warned. I also don't speak Belarusian, this is just what google translator provided, so I'm sorry for any mistakes.
“As I said, I'm fine.” Sherlock's voice cracks traitorously and he has to clear his throat.
“You naughty, naughty boy. Look what a mess you made. Now Doctor Watson will have to punish you in earnest.” Irene sounds rather satisfied.
With a small sigh Sherlock sinks onto his knees in the middle of their living room. His back and upper arms are covered in gauze dressings. His cock is still sore from the beating with the belt. A bandage is wrapped around his left knee. His body looks like a battlefield.
When the boy finally shuffles back, empty and exhausted, Sherlock can't stop to smear his sick all over his skin, massage it in. People tell him he's a filthy whore, a comeslut, a comedump, and he nods and pants. He is. He has debased himself to a degree unfathomable to him before tonight.
“You are so open and wet for me...,” John whispers as he starts to push the toy inside Sherlock. This time it takes only about a minute before it sits in position, stretching Sherlock beautifully.
Instead, he takes Sherlock to the bathroom and makes him stand in the tub, fondling his half-hard cock through the thin, damp satin covering it.
Sherlock smiles a tight smile. “And how would you happen to know that my brother frequents this etablissement?” He asks coolly, tilting his head while watching Sally's apt fingers play with Kate's clit, only mildly curious now but not even blushing.
“Well, try harder. And without so much fidgeting.”
By now the fourth man can push easily inside Sherlock's willing body. The man leans back and is half lying on the kitchen floor, letting Sherlock ride his stiff cock while the others cheer, pull Sherlock's hair to slap his face and call him come dump, fucktoy and greedy slut. Sherlock's erection juts out in front of him, neglected and dripping wet, but he knows better than to expect to have it taken care of. He's just a hole, after all, made to pleasure others. He bobs up and down on the cock inside him until his eyes roll back in his head and his voice breaks. He yearns to get his mouth stuffed with some cock but doesn't dare to ask for it. If John wants him to, he'll tell him.
“You are certainly not doing yourself a favour here, mate.” John steps around the pillar he's been hiding behind, and Magnussen raises his head to look at him over Sherlock's shoulder with those cold, calculating eyes. Sherlock turns a little as well, but John just catches a quick glimpse at his distinctive profile, his face flushed pink as if agitated, his gaze unusually pale yet intense, before he looks back at Magnussen.
“Seriously.” John replies, and Sherlock obediently opens his mouth. Sally feels her cunt heat and her nipples peak as she steps up to Sherlock, giving him a good long look at her wiry pubic hair, still glistening with her juices and Kate's saliva. Sally spreads her legs slightly, and Sherlock slowly leans forward. His tongue darts out to taste her, the tip just touching her still swollen clit, before he places his mouth over her vulva, coaxing her open with his tongue. She tastes warm and sweet, until suddenly salty piss floods Sherlock's mouth. He seals her with his plush lips while he keeps on sucking, drinking eagerly, swallowing as best he can, and is rather proud of himself that he spills very little. Sally holds his head in place with a hand in his hair, making sure he doesn't pull away. Not that he wants to.
“I'd actually would quite like that.” Greg remarks as he slowly removes the speculum form Sherlock's arse. Sherlock lets out a low moan, both a response to removing the instrument and to Greg's offer to shoot his load up his body.
“Nothing. Just browsing.”
He wakes again in the early hours of the afternoon. John has cleaned up a bit before he also crawled back into bed, watching Sherlock sleep while pretending to read some mindless novel.
Sherlock sighs and slowly blinks his eyes open. “What?” He huffs, still half asleep.
“I liked it.” Sherlock whispers.
“John, I...”, Sherlock turns and looks over at John, uncertain, tired, wary. “I don't think I want to do this right now.”
Sherlock gets up early on Sunday morning. John has been out till late last night, meeting Stamford at a pub. He won't be up for hours. Good, Sherlock needs some time on his own. He wants to think about what he's got himself into. He takes a shower and shaves and then emerges from the bathroom with just a small towel wrapped around his waist to make himself some coffee. That's when he encounters John – bleary eyed and obviously hung over – crouching at the kitchen table.
They are all over him. Mycroft’s jacket and waistcoat are soon smeared with sticky greasy stains, and John’s shirt and jeans are equally ruined. Sherlock arches into their touch, offering his body to lapping tongues and nibbling teeth. It’s messy, but the most infuriating sensation is that both men are persistently avoiding his leaking cock. Sherlock desperately needs a mouth or hand – anything – on it. Right. Now.
John stays in his mouth until he's soft, his cock retracting from Sherlock's throat until it just rests inside his oral cavity, trapped flaccid between his tongue and the roof of his mouth.
“You know, mother nature is rather generous in providing interesting stimulants. Well, of course you know that. But do you have first hand experience, I wonder? Let's see. I'll be right back.”
John tweaks him again, harder this time, and Sherlock makes a pained, keening noise betraying his suffering, but otherwise stays in position. The piss filling his bowels is rapidly cooling but he doesn't dare to emit it; because John would punish him for it. Ruthlessly. And he's not sure he can take that right now.
He tries to swallow and has to take another sip before being able to ask: “So, how do you want to do it. Here? Or somewhere a little easier to clean up. The bathroom?”
His cock twitches, rapidly hardening.
“Sherlock, look at me.” Sherlock reluctantly turns his face over to where John is sitting at the end of the bed.
Sherlock opens his eyes again and just stares back at Moriarty, frozen in horror. There's nothing he can do but listen as that sweet Irish lilt continues: “You know, I've got contacts with the press. There's a lovely little journalist, named Kitty Riley, writing for one of the big tabloids. She's very keen. What do you think she would do with a tip-off like this. I can already see the headlines: Famous consulting detective engages in perverse sex games with older sibling. Perhaps they'd put it a tit more fanciful, though. You know, employ some four letter words...” Suddenly, Moriarty's face is only inches away from Sherlock's, who can feel the other man's spit hit his face as he hisses: “This would not only ruin you, it would kill your brother's career as well. Did he tell you what was done to me on behalf of the British government?” Sherlock minutely shakes his head, staring up at the enraged grimace hovering over him, desperately trying to hide how terrified he truly is behind a blank face.
“Seven!”
“Sherlock!” John demands more sternly, and that finally gets Sherlock attention and snaps him out of his reverie.
“No.” Sherlock can barely whisper as his cheeks turn pink with embarrassment.
“God, this looks beautiful.” John whispers and kneads Sherlock's buttocks before taking two short hemp ropes t to tie Sherlock's ankles to the table legs. Sherlock is openly crying by now, his whole body jerking in spasms.
Sherlock is panting hard by now and has trouble staying up, his wiry arms shaking, but John has been adamant that he stays upright and watches. So he does.
Sherlock is sweating and drooling, and his knuckles have turned white as he holds on tightly to the table top.
When the sandwiches and cold meats have been consumed, Mycroft puts his napkin down and turns towards his brother.
Sherlock moans again. His cock has started to get hard at John's words, dripping precome onto the floor. John doesn't bother to give him even a few strokes, though, just arches an eyebrow and makes Sherlock lick up the salty, wet drops as well.
“What do you want, Mycroft?” Sherlock asks by way of a greeting. John stays silent.
“Fuck!”
“John, you don't seem to understand...” Sherlock can't finish his sentence as John jerks him up and over with a fierce grip to his shirtfront, hissing while fighting with Sherlock's tight trousers: “No, it's you who doesn't understand. You need a break. And that thing has to exit your arse – now. It's up to you to decide if we do it the nice or the dirty way.”
“Let’s see what he can take.” Mycroft is rolling up his sleeves and pulls the nitrile gloves back on again. After slicking his right hand up, Sherlock can feel all his five fingers nudging at his entrance. They slide in surprisingly easy until the third knuckle. Mycroft pauses, twists his hand once, twice, before pushing past Sherlock's sphincter. Sherlock bites down onto his gag as he stares down his body to watch his rim close around his brother's wrist. John groans next to him and starts to palm himself through his jeans.
To Sherlock's great relieve, John opens the chastity device locking him in and removes it. Instantly, Sherlock's cock swells and hardens. Yet he sighs with disappointment as the plug slides from his hole. Acri smirks.
John almost runs up the stairs. He takes his doctor's bag before walking over into Sherlock's room.
“I like it.” Sherlock tries to make his moan sound lascivious, but it comes out strained.
John starts to fuck him slow and deep while the bag around Sherlock's head starts to fill with carbon dioxide. He's almost pulled up into John's lap as John rotates his hips, brushing his prostate. It feels glorious, especially as Sherlock's body starts to go limp due to the spreading hypoxia. His chest is still heaving as almost all his other muscles weaken, the fight for air becoming the sole purpose, the centre of his attention. The plastic sticks to his face, and only the nasogastric tube prevents it from completely blocking his airways. As his head starts to loll, John presses the gun harder against the side of his face, starting to caress Sherlock with the cold steel. He rubs it over Sherlock's plastic covered cheeks and mouth, down his neck, until he rests the nozzle just below Sherlock's chin.
A few rules are established as John outlines his preferences.
“Ah, yes, he knows what he needs. Before I plug him again, there'll be a bit of spanking. As a reward. The only form of caress I'll give him.”
As the tape is roughly torn away from his face, Sherlock howls in pain. He can taste blood in his mouth from his sore lips and coughs to clear his throat. He is thirsty as well, and longs for a sip of water, but is sure he won't be treated to such niceties.
When John is not jerking him off Sherlock turns onto his stomach and writhes against the rumpled sheets, seeking friction. He knows he's not allowed to come without John's hands on him, though. And by now, Sherlock complies with the rules.
It’s not easy. Sherlock has to twist his body, looking over his shoulder in the mirror to observe what he’s doing. He’s holding onto the bed post with his left hand as not to topple over, up on his knees. The glove is by now coated in lube, and Sherlock has almost succeeded to press his hand fully inside his open, abused hole. The rim stretches around his knuckles, burning, bright red now, sore. Sherlock almost dislocates his shoulder as he pushes deeper still, forcing his fist past the ring of muscle, enduring, aching.
John bows forward and starts to suck on one of her nipples but his eyes are on Sherlock as his tongue plays with Kate's tits. It is strangely intimate, the smell of those two bodies in front of Sherlock, the sounds they make, and Irene's heat behind him. His head starts spinning; this feels unreal and Sherlock suddenly fears of loosing his grip to reality. What is he doing here, watching John fuck this woman with abandon?
Sherlock licks his lips and wishes they could swap places.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you hungry, comeslut?” John had asked after admiring his work and the dishevelled man in front of him – still panting, his engorged cock resting against his thighs – and Sherlock had nodded and answered: “Yes, John”, before opening wide, letting John spoon-feed him his own sticky come.
His face hits the floor and he tastes blood as the hand holding his head up is abruptly removed. At the same time the iron grip to his arm loosens as John gets up quickly and storms into the hall, slamming the door shut. By the time Sherlock has got to his feet he can hear the front door downstairs closing. Blood drips from his lip and nose. His dressing gown hangs open and his erection juts out in front of him, accusingly, obscene.
Mycroft loves the little needy noises his brother makes as he’s getting stuffed with cock. Fisting his hand into dark curls, he pulls Sherlock's head back into a messy kiss, all tongue and teeth. John watches, savouring the sight of the two brothers above him sharing fierce, open mouthed kisses; until Mycroft lets go of Sherlock to shuffle up behind his brother.
John is rather glad that he chose his longer coat for his short shopping trip. His hard cock is throbbing in his jeans and the memory of Sherlock with a big glass plug up his arse, desperately sucking a rubber dildo with his impossible mouth doesn't help to calm him down. John just wants to be back and continue playing.
“I won't ask again, Sherlock.” John's voice is like the blow he's just delivered, brutal and sharp.
Sherlock swallows and nods, already getting somewhat aroused by the fantasies playing out in his head.
“You are... in a relationship? With our son?”
“Go on then, you filthy bugger. Show me how you play with your little cock.”
Yet he jerks back awake violently some time later. John sits up next to him in an instant as well and starts to fumble with the zips, until Sherlock hums in desperation and shakes his head, signalling him to stop. It's not a panic attack that woke him.
Sherlock attempts to nod, realises it's impossible in his current situation, and blinks instead. He busies his tongue at John's entrance, trying to be very good, not daring to risk to put him off. His chin and cheeks are already soaking wet, but he doesn't care.
Sherlock had to let go of the cock in his hand and feels a bit superfluous, starting to come back up from the subserviant state of mind he's sunken into. His eyes find John's, staring up desperate and a little lost. John senses Sherlock's discomfort and knows what he needs.
“I stayed the first night at Molly's. Mycroft never took her seriously. The next day, I dyed my hair, borrowed some of her baggy dresses and took the Eurostar to Paris. As you've seen, there are no border controls. My French is passable. I slept at shelters for homeless women for a few nights until someone from the homeless network came over from London and provided me with some cash. I think Anderson and Molly both chipped in. With that, I took buses through the North of France and Belgium until I arrived here. I went by the name of Violet Smith. I had already ordered a credit card in her name and transferred some money into that account over the last week in London. She in turn distributed it to various accounts. I had to be careful as not to attract Mycroft's attention. He monitors my funds scrupulously.” Sherlock smirks.
Sherlock hums in approval around John finger, and John smiles down on him, warm and tender.
“You never were just an assignment. I refused initially because I feared that we might end up like this.”
“And I am a doctor, and I'm telling you that we have to remove the toy from your rectum – now. Take your trousers of and bend over the coffee table.”
----------
“Myc-Mycroft!” Sherlock groans as his brother tugs on the chain.
John reaches out and takes his twitching hand between his palms, clasping at it before hissing because of his own injured hand. “Of course I stay with you, you beautiful lunatic. What is there left for me in London without you?”
“No, Sherlock. You are hurt. I'm not doing this tonight.”
Sherlock is shivering in pain, the strain to his stomach already making his back muscles quiver and tighten. But he gives a small nod, indicating that he has understood, that he will be good, that he'll endure what they did to him. He tries to blink the tears from his eyes to look more accepting, humble, as if welcoming the gavage. He has to show them that he will comply, that he's grateful for their concern, or this will happen again.
But Sherlock sits up and turns the weapon in his hand, enthralled.
So, this is it. When I started this back in November last year, I had no idea that this story would grow into such a monster. It even got some plot! I hope you are at least a little satisfied with my solution.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nice. Sherlock is eager to serve him.
“Well, your expertise in this matter is much greater than mine...”
Sherlock, spread open, immobilised, strapped to the gynaecological chair, looks like a perfect rubber doll, his arms, legs and torso wrapped in shiny black latex, his full lips moaning around the large black rubber ball in his mouth. He loves to be taken like this, his body used and modified to comply with every demand of his brother.
“Please, John...” Sherlock whimpers as John still strains his neck with his fist in his curls.
The elder Holmes gets up to greet them and strolls over to his impressive desk. There's just one folder placed accurately in the middle of the blotter. Mycroft opens it and skims through the pages, dismissing the servants with a nod.
John can feel Sherlock shake in front of him; from the noises he makes he's already far gone – perhaps it's the lack of oxygen, perhaps the fact that his cock is nearly turning blue while he's denied the orgasm he craves. It's depraved  and dirty and John just grabs Sherlock's hair tighter as he chases his own orgasm. His other hand strokes down Sherlock's long pale throat and as he feels his hard cock beneath the delicate skin of Sherlock's neck he can't hold it any longer and comes down Sherlock's throat. Sherlock tries desperately to swallow and to breath at the same time, which ends in a coughing fit that makes his whole body spasm. John only releases him when he's totally spent, watching as Sherlock keels over, bracing himself with his hands on the floor as to not crash face first down onto the floor. Come and saliva drip from his mouth as he gasps for breath until John fears Sherlock might actually throw up on the carpet.
They both fall silent. Sherlock shivers a little and John holds him tighter.
After a few minutes, John stuffs a towel into Sherlock's mouth to silence his wailing. His rim is bright red by now; his body strains and contorts in pain. The cleaner inside Sherlock’s rectum has started to lather and is spilling out of him, its sharp acerbic smell mixed with the copper scent of blood filling the small bathroom.
Sherlock's flush deepens, spreading down his throat.
Sherlock looks totally wrecked when they reach sixty-five. His grip on John's cock tightens, then goes almost limp. His own cock protrudes aggressively, violet and positively dripping on his thighs.
Therefore, he'd refrained from putting anything big up Sherlock's arse after stitching him up back in Berlin, allowing his used hole to heal and shrink back into the tight ring of pink muscle it used to be. Now, even the small vibrator buzzing inside Sherlock is driving him insane, rubbing constantly against his prostate. He's unable to do anything about it, because John has his hands cuffed, attached with a short metal chain to the headboard behind him.
Sherlock's smile doesn't falter, just becomes a bit acerbic. “Ah, my parents talked to you. No, not my parents. Just my father.” Sherlock states, sounding detached, aloof. “If I truly had wanted to kill myself back then, I’d be dead. I just got high and stupid. It didn’t happen again.”
“Yes, John. I like that very much.” Sherlock whispers as his eyes flutter shut while his cheeks burn with embarrassment.
A little private session unfolds.
Sherlock had been getting a bit too loose for his liking anyway. Those huge plugs they'd been using had stretched tremendously, almost past endurance. It had looked gorgeous but the friction John so loved had been gone. Time to tighten Sherlock's anus. John's a surgeon after all.
“I won't.” John promises as his fingers fasten the mask around Sherlock's neck.
He quickly takes one volume after the other off of Sherlock's legs; finally, his cock springs free, dark red and dripping. Next, John removes the bucket, and Sherlock sighs in relieve, rolling his strained shoulders. When he's allowed to get up, the dildo slides from his arse with a wet, slurping sound. Sherlock whimpers at the sudden emptiness.
To give you an idea what the bag looks like they are using: https://www.mr-s-leather.com/deluxe-neoprene-sleepsack/
“You are rather good at this, aren't you?” John sounds equally impressed and amused. Sherlock can feel small rivulets of blood run down his legs. He tries to stay as still as possible to minimise the sting. But it's not easy as his lower body feels like it's on fire right up to his arse.
“Oh god, yes. This feels... amazing... incredible. You are so deep inside me...
The three of them drive down to Sussex to play. But first, there's a surprise for Sherlock.
“Please...” Sherlock whines, turning his head to find John, who watches him with his hands buried in the pockets of his jeans. His eyes are glazed over, however, and there's a prominent bulge forming in his trousers, so he definitely likes what he sees.
Kate rides her own orgasm out above him until they are both spent and she slumps down, her head resting against John's scarred shoulder. Sherlock's head lies against John's quivering, sweaty thigh. His eye is nearly poked out by one of Kate's heels as she shakily climbs out of John's lap. Her weak legs don't support her anymore and she sinks down onto the floor, crouching next to Sherlock at John's feet.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asks as they drive into London. It's the first time he speaks during their journey. His voice sounds raw and strained.
John would love to go without lube, just spitting a few times into Sherlock's still gaping hole before pushing in, but even he knows that that might be too much right now for Sherlock to take. He quickly pulls his jeans down and his jumper off, then takes the bottle from the bedside table and slicks himself up with a few languid strokes before climbing onto the bed and lining up, nudging Sherlock's entrance with his fat, glistening cock head.
As if on cue, Sherlock moans softly and rocks his hips forward. A bead of translucent pre-come dribbles down his shaft while his hand on John's cock speeds up.
“Now, urine.” John takes one of the jars from the table and opens it. Sherlock blushes bright crimson.
Luckily for Sherlock, Greg has some lube stored in one of his desk drawers for when he's having a relaxing wank from time to time. He squeezes a big dollop inside Sherlock's reddened opening before taking the telephone receiver in hand.
Kate seems to have got a fairly thorough beating already. Her naked body is covered in welts. She's bleeding from her nose as well. Her meticulously pinned-up ginger hair has come loose in parts and is spilling over her shoulders. She's crying, but still holds herself upright as her employer delivers another hard blow. And another; hitting the maid over her chest. Her full white breasts tremble slightly from the impact.
“John...” Sherlock mumbles weakly, still not looking at him. “I wasn't expecting you.”
Sherlock opens the lid and smears his fingers through the sticky white goo. Then he bends over the table again and tentatively starts to push one slick finger inside himself. He's still quite loose from the lube and speculum and therefore quickly able to insert another finger. It feels uncomfortable and strange but John wants this so he does as he is told. It's really that easy.
John had watched the scratches and bruises fade on Sherlock's body while he played with him. He'd stroked Sherlock's cock whenever he'd felt like it, making him gasp and shudder, sweat glistening on his pale skin.
“Can you breathe properly?” John asks and Sherlock blinks as an answer. “Good, otherwise we would be flooding your lungs with puree. Nasty business.” His gloved fingers wipe away a tear on Sherlock's cheek, the rubber sticking to Sherlock's skin.
Aloud she says: “That plug of yours, that looks interesting.”
Sherlock wants this to be over quickly and therefore pushes the needle through his upper lip as well. After about three stitches, however, his vision blurs due to tears of pain springing to his eyes. He has to wipe them away with the back of his hand and wait a little before he's able to continue. Blood starts to drip from his chin into the sink, shocking bright red splashes on the white porcelain. Sherlock forces himself to look at the mirror again and get on with the task at hand. The feeling of the needle scraping against his front teeth sends a shiver down his spine.
“If someone's coming round and asks for us, tell them we've gone to Oxford.” John says as they part. Murray gives them both a bear hug as they leave, and John waves over his shoulder as he stirs the car out of the driveway.
“Contact lenses.” Sherlock explains.
The house is actually a Georgian manor, built in 1743 by one of Sherlock's and Mycroft's wealthy ancestors. Sherlock had curled himself up on the backseat for the duration of the journey, napping, and is only waking as they pull up on the driveway in the early evening. It had all been a bit much. The neurotransmitters searing through his body had made him twitchy. He'd needed to shut down.
Sherlock and John watch as Acri rains a row of well-placed blows right onto the protruding red intestine. It must hurt like hell, for the man winces, groans and sobs, but doesn't move away. After about ten strokes his arms give out. Acri stops.
His heartbeat slows. His breathing calms. “You can do that. For me. For John. You'll look beautiful, stunning. I want to see you like that. I'm sure you'll like the experience. It'll be quite intense.”
“Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. Look at your cock. Hard and leaking. So don’t tell me this is too much.”
“Or someone even higher up.” John remarks.
John groans with pleasure and Sherlock answers him with a moan stifled by his mask. He can't meet John's thrusts as he fucks him hard and fast, just chasing his own orgasm, but it doesn't matter, Sherlock is so deprived of friction to his cock that humping the floor through the bag sets him off in no time anyway. He can feel his orgasm approaching like a tidal wave, crashing over him, almost drowning him. He spills two weeks of pent up semen into the bag, mixing with his piss and sweat, his hole body shuddering and convulsing.
It takes almost fifteen minutes before the bowl is empty.
John is equally fascinated, entranced. He touches his index finger to Sherlock's ring of muscle and encircles the fluttering rim tenderly.
For better access, John demands that Sherlock gets on all four, fiercely scuffing his perineum, his balls, and again and again stroking over the base of the huge plug until Sherlock pants and begs, whimpering as his aching body is exposed to this rough treatment, his sensitive skin chafing while getting scrubbed raw.
John's hand is suddenly gone.
A thick bead lands right on Sherlock's lips. He licks it up and swallows. Another blob hits his cheekbone, running down the sharp ridge over his jaw. The next dollop gathers just below Sherlock's open left eye, but he doesn't blink.
“It's no use, Sherlock. Those are real handcuffs. They allow for a bit of movement, but no matter how hard you struggle, you can't free yourself. It's quite arousing to see you try, though.”
He wants to die.
John is curious how he may be able to shake Sherlock from his newfound poise. After about a month, he decides to up the ante even more. He puts Sherlock into the bag before going out clubbing, forcing one of their largest plugs up his arse before tying him up.
“Is Sherlock available? I need to talk to him.”
It's pure bliss when his cock is eventually freed from the metal sheathing that had covered it for the whole day. He immediately feels blood rush down south, poolimg into his balls and shaft. John touching him adds to the sensation. He's already semi-hard.
John. John's firm touch, full of confidence. His harsh voice, giving strict orders he has to obey. He wants to obey. Because he trusts John. Because it is intoxicating to give up control. To John, who knows what he needs. To let go. John, who pushes his boundaries relentlessly, making him whole, making him want. More. John, fucking him, hard, deep and fast, without mercy. John, who beats him and torments him and gives him what he craves. Sensation. Pain. Care. Love...
Sherlock waits a moment before answering, taking stock of the state of his body. “My anus still hurts, as do my legs and my stomach. I also have a massive headache.” He squints while looking up at John.
He's rather excited. He's never been to such an establishment as a dominatrix's dungeon; and he's very pleased that it's not located in some sordid backyard in Bermondsey or a respectable semi in Croydon, with lace curtains and dwarfs populating the front garden. It could have been cheesy in the extreme – but this seems very sophisticated.
John clears his throat and is glad when Sherlock’s father turns and carefully clambers down the ladder again. In an old suitcase, he eventually finds shabby black jeans and a few black long-sleeves that still could fit. They smell faintly of mould but will have to do.
Sherlock's sensuous groan turns into a sharp gasp as John's pelvis brushes his arse cheeks. John starts to rub himself against Sherlock, who makes a sound between a moan and a sob, agony and arousal mixing into one intoxicating experience of blinding bliss.
“I. Don't. Know!” Molly enunciates, emphasising every word as if John's hearing is somehow impaired. “Look. I didn't text him...” She pats the pockets of her lab coat for her mobile but doesn't find it. “Strange? Where is the bloody thing....? I must have left it in the lab. I've been to lunch with some colleagues... John. Wait. John!”
“Look, you soiled the bedding. Naughty boy! Put your face in it and suck.” Sherlock sits up, still shaking, and scrambles onto all four. When he presses his cheek into the wet spot on the sheets he sighs contently. John smiles and let's him lick and suck the sheets clean before gathering him up in his arms.
It looks rather distinguished, not at all like the pictures Mycroft has stored of is brother on his phone. In those, Sherlock is sweating, bleeding, crying, covered in come and piss. Mycroft takes a sip of tea – too weak for his liking – and allows his thoughts to drift as his father laments the state of the roads and the decay of the Occident in general.
“It's ok, Sherlock. I'm here”, John murmurs, placing a hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
“Open.Your.Mouth.And.Swallow!”
John doesn't even look up from his phone as he asks: “What are you doing?”
“And you would let me, wouldn't you?” John pulls his arse cheeks a little wider apart, staring mesmerised at Sherlock's pulsing hole. He's almost sure that he can hear the vibrator stir inside him.
“What's his name?” John asks as Sherlock pulls the man's face up by his sparse brown hair to take a good long look. He seems vaguely familiar.
“You've been very good today, Sherlock. What would you like me to use on you tonight? It's your choice.”
“Oxford?” Sherlock asks, raising an eyebrow. He slowly seems to come back online.
“Oh, but I've been informed that you employed Miss Adler's services quite recently, John. Moriarty might have recognised something as he strapped a bomb to you. Takes one to know one. Remember, I saw it as well.” Mycroft smiles. “Or maybe you told him?” His eyes suddenly harden.
A few days?! Of this?!Sherlock blinks. He'll be good. So good. He can't endure this procedure one more time, he's sure of it. He'll do whatever it takes to avoid it.
“I'll show him all the welts and bruises on your body and tell him in detail what I did to you. How I hit you with a hairbrush until you passed out. How I flogged you with my belt over the kitchen table. How you begged me for it, to hit you really hard, to make you hurt.”
Afterwards, as the man entangles himself from between them, Sherlock and the boy immediately crush their lips together, Sherlock's tongue licking deep inside the other's mouth to get a taste of come. The Asian boy sucks his tongue as a reward to taste his master's ass. The surrounding men continue to spit at them, now on both their faces, until Sherlock can feel something warm hit his groin and belly while the boy in his arms trembles and shivers.
And suddenly, John has an idea.
John raises his head, and the fierce look on his face almost frightens Sherlock. Suddenly, the knife is at his throat, pressing down just below his Adam's apple. Sherlock goes utterly still, not even swallowing. Heat pools in his cheeks and down in his belly as he melts under John's raw gaze.
They just stare at each other over an unbridgeable abyss.
John is still panting hard when he opens his eyes again, staring down into Sherlock's, that right now resemble pools of dark quicksilver. It takes John's dazed brain a moment to realise that Sherlock has opened his trousers as well and is frantically fisting a long, slim cock.
John watches the muscles in Sherlock's wiry arms work beneath his skin. It's usually perfect alabaster. Now, however, there are purple bruises covering his forearms, and John is reminded of what had been done to his lover. Anger wells up inside him, mixed with a fierce protectiveness that threatens to choke him. He moans softly, and Sherlock looks questioningly up at him, uncertainty in his eyes. John forces a smile onto his face as he tenderly cups Sherlock's face and strokes his cheekbone with his thumb. Sherlock relaxes visibly. John closes his eyes and tries to ignore the cuts and wounds and concentrates instead on enjoying Sherlock's touch.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock's brother gives a sharp nod, then glances out of the window. “How is he?”
“Amazing. Intense... Oh god, John.” Sherlock’s cock is bobbing in front of him, dark pink and dripping. Yet he can’t touch it. It’s maddening.
But John takes his time, admiring Sherlock’s extremely stretched hole instead of ravishing him here and now. The black rubber spreads him wide open, exposing his light pink insides. As his rim tries to flutter in excitement under John's scrutiny, the rubber device doesn’t give. It's so frustrating that Sherlock almost sobs in deprivation.
The party takes place in a grand villa on a hill outside Florence. Arriving at the gate by cab, John presses the bell and is requested to give a code word.
Sherlock moans behind his gag as an answer. They should just take him. That's what he's there for. He knows his place now – at their mercy. He wants to stay there for the rest of his life.
But John can't listen anymore. He screws his eyes shut, shaking his head. “You are not real! I've finally snapped. You’re just a figment of my imagination.”
“Patience, Sherlock.” But John's voice is betraying him, giving away how affected he is. No wonder, regarding the sight in front of him.
“John, please...” Sherlock's voice is wrecked, impossible low. “Could you, please... could you piss on me?”
“Now, we have entered a new stage in our relationship. One in which you mustn't be distracted. One that is better played out away from prying eyes. Therefore, we'll stay here, and work on it, until Mycroft can return sometime next week. Then we'll all have time to re-evaluate. Of course, this is just a proposal. You are free to leave any time you really want to. But that will be for good. If you opt out, there's no way back to this.”
When Sherlock rises late one Saturday, almost in the afternoon, John's sitting in his chair, reading the paper. Sherlock emerges from his bedroom in just his pyjamas and dressing gown, all tousled hair and still sleepy. He stays in the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea before sitting in his own chair, watching John. But John just reads and sips his tea until Sherlock leaves with an indignant huff for the shower.
John nods. “Can you look inside his pockets, please? We need the keys to free Sherlock.”
“Oh, I’m sure he exactly knows where we are by now. But I doubt he’ll do something to you with your parents in the next room.”
John starts to caress Sherlock's glistening cockhead with his thumb, rubbing at the slit before massaging Sherlock's frenulum. His other hand cups Sherlock's balls under the tight lace and squeezes them. It feels exquisite, the thin sleek fabric stretching over hot hard flesh, the distinctly female garments hardly covering a distinctly male body.
Sherlock's footsteps echo loudly in the silent corridors leading down to Bart's morgue. There's not a soul about, and isn't that quite a pun in a place like this, Sherlock thinks and smiles to himself as he pushes through yet another fire door. He's actually a bit excited what Molly might have found. Finally a useful trace, linking this crime with Moriarty?
“You are totally useless, Sherlock. You can't even hold in another man's piss and come for a short while.” John scolds him coldly, his voice dripping with disdain.
Sherlock isn't sure how much of the things John says are fantasies and dirty talk, and how much he means serious. Well, his body is certainly changing, adapting. His arsehole is gaping by now, he can easily accommodate eight inch wide dildos and plugs. After John had eventually removed the tunnel plug the other day after breakfast, Sherlock had experienced his first small prolapse. It had been a shock, parts of his rectum hanging out of him, yet John had tenderly stroked the red flesh and even bowed down and kissed it, swirling his tongue around it.
“Yes, John.”
“Then take us to them... now.” Sherlock requests, sounding even colder than usual.
“A human urinal, Mycroft.” Lestrade smiles darkly in anticipation.
“You may enter. Anderson's been over the place.” She sounds somewhat choked.
He feels raw, hollow, teetering, closes his eyes, takes a few deep breaths.
When he's totally naked, he stands defiantly in front of the officer, purposefully not covering himself. Bold hands start to skim over his body, running down his arms, his chest, pausing at his silver nipple rings, pinching them.
“Yes. Let’s put this filthy tart into his place and teach him how not to soil himself like a gluttonous pig. Get the ropes.”
“And you really don't monitor the guest rooms?”
Finally, as John feels close, he brings one hand round Sherlock's body and wraps it around his neglected cock. Sherlock yelps and eagerly pushes in, despite his flesh being tender from the wax treatment. It doesn't take long for the stiff coating to crumble under John's touch, allowing him contact with Sherlock's hot, hard shaft. Sherlock literally howls before coming all over John's fingers. John follows suit, bits of wax sticking to his cock as he fucks himself to completion between Sherlock's strong legs.
Sherlock bows down again to do as he's told. The angle is awkward and his neck starts to hurt immediately but he obligingly takes John's sack into his mouth and starts to lick them, rolling them over his tongue. His saliva starts to mix with the spit dripping from Kate's mouth.
Lash.
That evening, when they are alone in Sherlock's room, John stuffs Sherlock's pants into his mouth and plays with his nipple rings until he fidgets and squirms under the touch. John's fingers start to roam, ghosting over Sherlock's abdomen, his pectorals, the crease of his groin, his strong thigh muscles, while he whispers a litany of filthy words into Sherlock's ear.
“Is that so?” The woman almost purrs by now and Sherlock feels unease creep up in his chest. Why is this woman flirting with John?
Bruno had been the guy in the rather exclusive sex shop where John had bought a few of their latest toys, including the device Sherlock is wearing tonight.
John takes his time with removing the plug. He teases Sherlock's hole, even stops and twists the toy deliciously slow as the widest part slips out of Sherlock, who is writhing in front of him, almost humping the coffee table but still unable to come due to the cock ring entrapping his erection. The emptiness when the plug is pulled out of him is utterly shocking.
Sherlock is too exhausted to plead or beg any longer. He just watches John, who sits on the coffee table and tries to get himself back together. The second orgasm today has drained him and he just needs a moment to contemplate the next steps. It's already getting dark outside. He has totally lost any sense of time.
John can feel how close Sherlock is just from the few touches and quickly removes his hand, throwing the metal parts of the cock cage onto the bed before stepping back.
He has no idea how Sherlock is about to react to this. There's erratic movement beneath the sheets, and then Sherlock climbs over him, all elbows and knees, and is gone.
“Twenty-one.”
Sherlock just stares at his brother, assessing him. Has he just shown his hand? As they both stay quiet and don't spring to the provocation, Mycroft continues somewhat calmer.
The vibrator has positively wrecked him. Its low hum kept him on edge the whole time, yet the catheter prevented him from ejaculating. His cock is painfully hard, but he's unable to find release.
They both can't help it. It starts with a small smirk that develops rather quickly in one of their uncontrollable giggling fits usually reserved for extra-gruesome crime scenes. John has to grab the edge of the counter while Sherlock rests his bare arse – the sod really doesn't wear any pants beneath those bespoke suits – onto their kitchen table.
“Oh, wait, should I ring for tea?” Mycroft offers after he's taken a small sip of his drink. “And cake. I think we have something to celebrate today.” John agrees, a smirk lighting up his face.
“You knew what he was into?” Sherlock asks his brother, a slight accusation in his tone.
Sherlock remembers fantasising about a scenario like this. Only, for real, it makes him feel vulnerable and exposed. Fear pools ice-cold in his belly; he doesn't know these men. They could do anything they want to him. But then he remembers that failing John again will lead to the end of his education. He can't allow this, not now, when he truly starts to embrace subspace. Besides, he was  promised to be eventually given to his brother. Well, now that would be quite an experience, Sherlock imagines. He won't miss out on that, he decides.
Sherlock had nodded, his sweaty curls sticking to his temples, but John had made him plead and beg while he'd continued to fuck him with the dildo, not giving permission for Sherlock to touch himself, to finish, slowing down every time Sherlock got near his peak. Sherlock had been systematically reduced to a gasping, shivering mess, almost blissed out by the sweet agony of not being allowed to climax.
They both giggle. “Been there, done that, I thought?” John smirks, and then they both start to snigger helplessly.
Their host gives him a shrewd glance. He's not a fool, John thinks, and doubts again that it has been wise to attend this party.
With a curd nod John goes back over to where Sherlock is still waiting for him. A pair who'd been making out on a nearby chaise-lounge has noticed him and is eyeing him predatorily while shoving their tongues deep inside each other's mouth. They are not fully naked but quickly getting there while trying to attract Sherlock's attention.
Nothing like this remains form Sherlock’s childhood.
----------
Just a short interlude. John prepares Sherlock some more for a new challenge...
“Hello, brother mine, enjoying yourself?”
Sherlock gurgles, drools, chokes and gags. Tears run down his face. Yet he grabs John’s hips with both hands and urges him to go harder, deeper, to use him as he pleases. His nose bumps into John’s pubic bone and he can feel his wiry blond hair against his lips. Sherlock tries to suck as best as he can while his mouth is stuffed with cock, and it’s sloppy and uncoordinated but that just makes it hotter in John’s opinion.
“Shh,” he whispers, putting the cane away. “Now, lets put your plug back inside you, shall we?”
Back at Baker Street, John feels restless, even after taking a long hot shower to wash away the debris of this horrible day. Finally, he settles in his chair with three fingers of whisky in a tumbler and Sherlock's phone in his slightly shaking hand.
All good things come to those who wait.
The earth feels warm and soft under Sherlock's bare feet. As it's May, the trees are a bright, rich green. In this remote grove the ground is covered in a thin layer of brown cypress leaves from the previous winter, but they are by now softened and don't sting, only emanate a scent that reminds Sherlock vaguely of Christmas.
From time to time John stills deep inside him, his cock blocking Sherlock's airways as his balls seal Sherlock's nostrils; John only starts to move again when Sherlock jerks on the table, his limbs starting to jitter due to lack of oxygen. Meanwhile, Sherlock's flushed cock is lying on his heaving stomach, and he desperately wants to touch it but has to hold onto the table's edge as to not being shoved off it by the sheer force of john's thrusts down his throat.
“Yes, Doctor Watson, pray continue.” Mycroft's voice is smooth, but John detects ice underneath.
A few minutes later, the Ispettrice returns. “Mr Sigerson, would you follow me?”
Sherlock pushes up and away from the corpse as far as possible, desperate to get some space between his face and the pasty features staring blankly back at him, but his head seems to weigh a ton. He's soon too exhausted to hold it up and slumps down again, his brow hitting the dead man's sternum.
“John, please, let me explain...” The woman removes her sunglasses. John averts his eyes, staring down at the pavement. “Listen to me…”
“God, he's adorable.” Acri tells John, looking over Sherlock's shoulder, his breath ghosting over Sherlock's cheek and neck. He's so close Sherlock can smell his cologne mixed with fresh sweat and just a hint of musk. “If you'd allow me, I have a treat for him.”
There might be a bit more plot over the next few chapters. But don't worry - the kinky sex will continue as well.
John strokes himself slowly from root to tip, pulling back the foreskin with every tug, exposing his wet slit, and says. “Take the other jar.” Sherlock grabs the second jar without hesitation. “Prepare yourself for me.”
After a moment, Mark starts to move in earnest, riding the toy; his strong thighs do most of the lifting as his arse rubs against Sherlock's cheeks. Sherlock wishes he could replace the dildo with his tongue and lick deep inside Mark's hole.
“I'm waiting, Sherlock. Piss in that fucking jar or this ends right here.”
“I'm fine. We're fine.” Sherlock says brusquely and a tiny bit impatient.
John abandons the phone and leans over to kiss him, deep. Both their eyes are open. It’s sloppy and messy, their tongues eagerly darting out, teeth nipping teasingly. Sherlock watches John as John watches Sherlock fisting himself in the mirror.
“Counts for what?” Sherlock had asked before emptying his glass and quickly refilling it.
John holds the thin translucent plastic tube in front of his face. “It's a bit like doing coke. I'm sure you are familiar with that. When I put this into your nostril, you should snuff. Makes it easier. When you can feel the tube enter your throat, swallow rapidly. It'll help repress the urge to throw up. Understood? Good, let's start.”
John stands up and turns Sherlock towards himself, his body shaking because of the endorphins released. There's a kind look in John's eyes as he takes the needle from Sherlock's trembling fingers before carefully applying antiseptic to Sherlock's aching lips, wiping them with a soft cotton pad. Sherlock can only growl at the burning pain, cringing, but John cradles his head in his hand and holds his face in place until the blood has been cleaned away.
Sherlock can feel the hose inside him, sliding deeper and deeper into his vulnerable body. It's like having to swallow a rod. As a child, he'd briefly wanted to join a travelling circus and therefore had trained to swallow his wooden pirate's sword. It had ended with tonsillitis and a sad pool of thrown-up dinner in his waste paper basket. Sherlock is reminded of his unsuccessful efforts now, as the rubber hose is slowly pushed down into his stomach.
“Yes, but I thought I check I got you right.”
Sherlock can hear John get up and walk over to the bed, presumably taking pillows and blankets and throwing them onto the floor next to him. There's the rustle of fabric as John undresses. When he lies down next to Sherlock, he places an arm over his full abdomen.
Eventually, after about half an hour, when Sherlock's voice had started to crack, John had removed the toy and sat back on his heels, a broad grin on his face. “Crawl into the kitchen. Get a cup. And a spoon.”
“Lick.” He orders, and Sherlock's tongue darts out and dips right in. He circles John's hole a few times, tasting him, before swiping his wet tongue greedily through John's crack from just behind his balls up to his tailbone. As John's musky taste fills his mouth and he hums in appreciation.
He gives Sherlock twenty blows with the slice. His screams fill the small, untidy kitchen, the air by now heavy with tangy musk and sweat. Finally, Sherlock's knees buckle and give out, and he sinks to the floor, a sobbing mess.
Sally lowers the riding crop and squats down in front of Kate, pulling her head up by her tousled hair. The maid's face is a mess, mascara, snot and blood mixing on her distorted features. Her eyes are wide with fear. As she doesn't answer immediately, Sally pulls more fiercely, then slaps Kate's cheeks hard a few times, accompanying the smacks with her repeated question: “What. Where. You. Doing. Fucktart?”
John is still hugging Sherlock tight when he can hear Molly finally get up and move around. She takes a strange look at the corpse lying upon the gurney Sherlock is still shackled to before pulling the sheet back over the body.
The group enters the flat through the kitchen door. John has indeed brought four other men with him. They are in their thirties, strongly built, with broad shoulders and hands like shovels. Builders? Workmen? Sherlock blinks up at them through his fringe, now long dry and curly, trying to focus his good eye on the stranger's faces, unsure what to make of them.
Lash.
The house seems empty when John pads downstairs into the kitchen. He gets a glass of tab water and brings it up to Sherlock.
“I waited for this a long time, little brother. I don't want to rush it.” Mycroft whispers, his voice hoarse with pent-up excitement.
The third is locked.
John stills.
“Now, let's see about that semen sample.” One of John's gloved hands wraps around Sherlock's soft cock that is hanging from the the table's edge. Two fingers of his other hand push inside Sherlock's gaping rectum and start searching for his prostate. It's rather easy to find as Sherlock is wide open and the small nub very easily accessible. Sherlock's body convulses as John's fingers press against his delicate spot, but gradually his sobs change into lewd moans and gasps. It's nearly too intense as Sherlock proves to be very sensitive but at least this new experience keeps the pain at bay. It's not long before Sherlock's cock fills and stiffens and starts to leak pre-come. John jerks him off efficiently until he removes his hand from Sherlock's shaft to get the second jar.
“Don't you wonder where little Miss Hooper is?” Moriarty asks as he starts to slice off the buttons on Sherlock's white dress shirt, moving steadily down his torso. “She was rather surprised to see me. I fridged her.” At this admission, Sherlock's head jerks up in horror, which leads to Moriarty's scalpel slipping, cutting rather deep into the soft skin of Sherlock's stomach. It starts to bleed instantly, a dark red stain blooming onto the crisp shirt.
And with that, John leaves the room and goes upstairs. Sherlock watches his retreat with incredulous astonishment, seriously shocked while extremely aroused at the same time. The door towards the stairs is left slightly open. Anyone walking in will be able to see Sherlock, obscenely exposed and rock hard.
He accepts a few private clients. Insurance fraud, blackmail, a rather curious case evolving around a stolen motor yacht (which even gets them out of town and down to Brighton overnight).
John nods, once.
When Sherlock wakes up, he has no idea what time it is, apart from that it's daylight outside. He feels much better. His body still hurts, but it's more of a dull throb than the fierce ache he'd experienced over the last few days. Sleeping has refreshed him, body and mind. He's actually hungry. And needs some tea. There's his blue dressing gown draped over the back of a chair. He puts it on and pads down into the kitchen.
Mycroft's hand leaves Sherlock's face and adjusts a bright lamp, almost blinding Sherlock and forcing him to close his eyes, as John starts to insert the rubber hose.
Sadly, it only takes a few more strokes for Sherlock to come, shooting thick white spurts all over his belly and chest, even hitting John's stomach, which is enough to drive John over the edge as well. He pulls out quickly afterwards, so that come and saliva run down Sherlock's chin as he sits up and coughs for breath.
. And those pictures...” John trails off, sounding slightly sick.
“Fuck your fist. Show me what a horny boy you are. How much you want it.”
“Take the bowl.” John presses it into Sherlock's hands. It now sits between them on the mattress. John takes his already stiffening cock in hand and starts to fist it languidly while he watches Sherlock's eyes go wide.
“I think we found our host.” John whispers into Sherlock's ear. An almost naked servant passes them, just clad in small satin pants, carrying a tablet full of champagne flutes. John takes one and presses it in Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock quickly crawls over to him on all four and presses his eager mouth into the exposed cleft. The boy is absolutely hairless down here and tastes of expensive soap, lube and come. With his speared tongue, Sherlock pushes in, lapping up the thick goo. It has been a lot. Sherlock's
“A stone.” John tells him, and he must have given the rock a little push, for the pull and ache intensifies. Sherlock moans.
“Fuck off, Mycroft.” John hisses.
He's glad that he hadn't seen the full extent of Sherlock's injuries back at the manor in Sussex, otherwise he might have caused a major diplomatic incident by putting a whole in at least one head.
Well, improvise, Watson. Make do. Sherlock needs to eat, especially after last night and weeks on nothing else than nutrient gels and protein shakes. Otherwise he might pass out during a session due to low blood sugar.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock whispers, pushing his arse into John's hands.
Sherlock takes on an inspiring case, but before he is allowed his reward for solving it quickly, he has to make it up to Lestrade while his big brother listens. Warning: Contains mild violence as well as inappropriate use of telephone receivers.
“Come on, show us how much you want this.” Mycroft groans into Sherlock's ear, and Sherlock understands. He transfers his weight unto both his spread knees and shins and starts to slide up and down the two throbbing cocks up his arse. It's like being speared by hot, hard flesh. Sherlock links his arms behind his head and starts to ride the two cocks deep inside him, spurred on by the gasps and yelps the two men beneath him utter. Because of him. Because of what he's prepared to do to make them happy. He'll do anything they want.
He's only allowed to shed his Belstaff before he's told to follow John and Mycroft down into the well-equipped spacious kitchen. The staff has prepared a cold supper which the two men share. Nothing for Sherlock, though. They've again put the spider gag into his mouth and he fears being force-fed again like Mycroft did in the morning, but for now he's just pushed onto a high-backed chair at the table. He has to sit and watch, gloved hands neatly placed on the table top, head held high due to the stiff rubber collar, but his eyes are cast down. The gag makes him drool, and soon spit is running down his chin. From time to time, Mycroft or John wet their fingers with his saliva and smear it over his cheekbones, brow, eyelids, the ridge of his nose. The spit mixes with the dried come there. Sherlock feels so very filthy, yet he doesn’t protest.
“I bet you are. You were amazing, little brother. Breathtakingly beautiful. John did prepare you well.” Sherlock just murmurs something vaguely affirmative in response. He's bone tired, his head pounds, yet he's floating on oxytocin and endorphins. Sated. Content. Satisfied. All he really wants is to curl up and rest.
“Breathe, Sherlock.” John tells him, and he does, just through his nose. “All right?”
“Yes, John, I'll try...” Another slap hits Sherlock's other cheek. It's hard enough to bring tears to his eyes but he blinks them back. He's sure John doesn't want to see him sniffle.
“Then I propose you make good use of his skill set and let him eat your arse out. No, wait, first stuff his greedy hole with something big. What else do you have on your desk? Mind, it should be a little bigger than a fountain pen.”
Sherlock steadies Kate by one elbow as she climbs onto the chair and s her legs, knees either side of John's thigh.
“You should tell him, Mycroft.” John says before stepping away and breaking the spell, sitting back onto the sofa. His touch is gone and Sherlock suddenly feels teetering on the edge of panic, unmoored.
He has no idea what it is... A pen? Some medical equipment? It's not large, it doesn't actually hurt. Whatever it is scrapes over his prostate and, finally, Sherlock can feel his cock stirring as he desperately ruts against the dead flesh beneath him.
When Sherlock comes round again, he doesn't know how much time has elapsed. His tongue is swollen, his vision still blurred, and, as he can't feel his extremities, brief panic flutters in his chest. Breathe, he tells himself, as he tries to raise at least his head to get a better look at where he might be. His eyes burn and his skulls pounds, but there are bright lights and metallic objects, silver walls and white tiles... still the morgue then, he realises, feeling somewhat anchored.
He returns about two hours later, after a stroll through Regent's Park and a pint down the pub. The flat's dark except for a fire burning in the fireplace. In front of it, John can make out Sherlock's slim silhouette. The flames behind him seem to lick his pale skin, dipping him in flickering orange light. He's naked, kneeling on the hearth rug, holding up his riding crop like an offering.
“I can keep it a while longer.” Sherlock gasps. “I promise. Just, please, John, don't stop.”
Sherlock's skin is smooth again, all bruises and cuts healed. His rosy nipples are already hard. He's yearning to be touched. John still stands behind him, his hands resting on Sherlock's hips, and Sherlock can feel his warm breath between his shoulder blades. Mycroft's fingertips trailing up his sides make him shiver.
----------
“Not so fast.” It's John who's grabbing him by the hair. “I can see that you made her open and wet for me. Now it's your turn to watch.”
At this prospect, Greg starts to thrust rhythmically, setting a quick pace. It feels like Sherlock might be split in half as Greg ruthlessly pounds into his willing but not quite adjusted body. John watches the scene, palming his rapidly hardening cock through his jeans.
At the restaurant, John chooses extra hot fried rice for Sherlock, which John serves him in a bowl on the kitchen floor, next to his chair. John himself sits at the table above Sherlock, looking down from time to time. When Sherlock hesitates, John kicks the bowl in Sherlock's direction, indicating him to get to work on his dinner.
“Would you like something to drink?” John asks softly and Sherlock nods again. To his absolute horror, however, John takes the glass with his own piss from the table, opens it and offers it to Sherlock. Sherlock flinches and tries to turn his face away but John grabs the back of his head and makes a dismissive sound.
“Good boy.” John pets Sherlock's sweaty curls and smiles. “Now, let's deal with the clothes pins. They must really hurt by now.”
John is browsing the rows of hangers filled with shiny, frilly garments in all the colours of the rainbow at Intimissimi on Oxford Street, wondering how many shapes and cuts are available: French knickers made of transparent lace, tiny G-strings with only a square centimetre of slippery satin to cover up the most private parts, panties decorated with sparkling Swarowski stones; there's even a shape called Brazilian cut...
“Show me.” John says, sounding intrigued. He leans against the wall next to the door and Sherlock sinks down onto his knees next to him without being told. Mario acknowledges his behaviour with an approving nod.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, panting. Then he nods.
Suddenly, there are fingers smoothing over Sherlock's t-shirt. The young Asian is gathering piss from the floor with both hands, this time dripping it over the thin cotton covering Sherlock's chest. It quickly gets translucent, showing off Sherlock's pierced nipples, which earns him another round of ardent appreciation. The wet fabric, damp with the effusions of several strangers, clings to his light frame like a second skin. It's one of the most erotic sensations he's ever experienced.
the man in his fantasy says as Sherlock‘s hips try to buck up into thin air. No friction – no release.
“Come on, get your adorable mouth on her.” Miss Adler tells Sherlock. Her tone is encouraging and a little mocking but Sherlock can sense steal beneath that light-heartedness.
When John orders him again to open, Sherlock obediently does without hesitation. This is the treatment a human toilet deserves. He eagerly sucks the toilet brush it clean, swallowing down his own puke with relish. Suddenly, the taste isn’t that vile anymore. He could get used to it.
Instead of an explanation, John holds needle and twine in front of Sherlock's perplexed face. “You’ll sew your mouth shut. Now!” He demands.
John nods and smiles a little. “This all came about rather quickly. Next time, I'll prepare you properly. For hours.”
Sherlock is aching. There hadn't been an interesting case in ages – and he's aching. For distraction. For... something. Something to take the edge off.
“Shit!” He slams the drawer shut and runs downstairs, taking two steps at a time. If Sherlock can climb out of a window, so can John.
Sherlock’s own cock is painfully hard in his neoprene confine while his rim contracts around the fat plug splitting him open. Every movement of his pelvis causes him pain. His lower abdomen is almost entirely filled with the hard rubber cylinder, straining his bowels almost past endurance. To add to his discomfort, John had put a cock ring on him earlier, so he’s unable to come. John hadn’t allowed him to for the previous three days either. His balls feel like bursting, especially with this enthusiastic stranger on top of him, riding him, fucking himself into oblivion, panting, moaning...
John seems to be using a thin twig, nothing special, but after a few strokes Sherlock's arse starts to sting nonetheless. As he has to tense his muscles to keep the chestnuts in place, his arse is hard like marble, and there's only a thin layer of skin to cushion John's blows.
“You want a big one?” John asks, almost smiling, after pressing a soft kiss against Sherlock's shaking fingertips. “Ok, then, how about this one?” John holds up a rather large glass plug, bigger than the black rubber plug he has just removed, but not frighteningly huge. Sherlock just licks his lips and nods. God, how he wants that.
They both know that this will be a rather long night...
“Quick shower for you. Better take a cold one. Then get dressed. There's been a murder at Miss Adler's establishment.” John cups Sherlock's chin in his palm. “We'll finish this later.” He promises, as his thumb swipes through the saliva coating Sherlock's face.
It's very dark up there, the few lights dimmed. The room seems infinite. Shadows linger on the fringe. Mirrors add to the illusion. The old house is creaking, sighing around them. As if it was alive, breathing, watching, waiting.
“He seems to have been a regular. Popped in weekly, always with a very young... companion.” The DS explains.
“Where's the lube?” John asks.
“Come on, finger your cock. You are still so nicely stretched. Do it.”
Sherlock's muscles twitch. His breath has gone ragged in anticipation as he watches John from huge eyes, his pupils blown wide. He needs this as much as John does, to seal their bond in blood. Pushing resolutely back the thoughts of the last time someone had cut him, he waits patiently for John to collect himself. They both know that he'll need a steady hand for this.
Sherlock's head is spinning. This sounds rigid, tough, all-encompassing. It will turn his life around completely. Does he really want this? Is he ready for such a step? Then he remembers the rings through his nipples and the tattoo above his arse. Of course, he wants this. He has wanted it from the day he started all this, when he sank to his knees in front of John in their Baker Street kitchen and begged him to hurt him.
“Molly, can you please pass me something to clean Sherlock up a bit.”
“It says art dealer Mario Acri has been found dead in the early hours of the morning in his house where he celebrated some festivity last night. The police treats it as a suspicious death. Apparently, it seems that he's been strangled.”
Both men look at one another. A silent understanding transpires, from one afficionado to the other.
“You look so lovely like this, Sherlock, on all four, showing me how much you can take.” John whispers, carding his hand through Sherlock's hair, and the touch and praise somehow ground Sherlock.
Irene gives a sharp nod.
A young man around Sherlock's age is dancing a little closer, looking at John from below his lashes before messily taking a sip from a water bottle. The liquid sloshes over his chin, runs down his throat and soaks his already damp white tank top, clinging to his muscular upper body. His short hair is darkish, but John can't make out the exact colour due to the flickering strobe lights. All he can see are high cheekbones, a prominent chin, broad shoulders and narrow hips clad in tiny rubber shorts. Black Doc Martens are laced up to the man's knees.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock huffs, gazing up at him from glazed eyes. John grins.
“Please keep very still now, Sherlock, or you'll ruin your beautiful face.”
“Damn sure they are.” John answers before sealing Sherlock's mouth with a searing kiss. He takes his time snogging Sherlock thoroughly.
“I got some of my stuff. But we'll need to buy new ones to use on you. I'd never had a virgin before so you'll need lots of preparation. But look what I got for you so far.”
“John?”
“Not yet. I going to fuck him first.” John has already walked over to Sherlock's exposed arse and now presses the head of his cock against Sherlock's yielding entrance. John unceremoniously pushes in all the way until he's fully seated, his jeans and pants still round his thighs. He's desperate to fuck Sherlock, who has no resistance left and just lets John claim him. John holds onto Sherlock's bound thighs as he fucks him rough and fast, plunging deep, then pulling almost all the way out. It's a brutal rhythm with which John hits Sherlock's prostate almost every time. Sherlock is leaking over his stomach while chanting John's name, only half-conscious due to pain and arousal.
Sherlock nods weakly while a dull throb starts spreading in his neck. A thin streak of blood runs down  his chest. Mycroft follows the crimson trickle with his eyes in the mirror while drawing the tip of his tongue over the bite mark he just left. Sherlock almost recoils as he tries to get his breathing back under control, but, otherwise, stays very still.
“Yes, John. Oh my god.” He splutters, moaning despite the pain as John rubs himself against his raw buttocks.
“What is this for?” he asks, with a mischievous glint in his eye as he cocks his head to one side, scrutinising his new discovery.
Kate is send away by Irene to freshen up a bit. She slowly staggers to her feet and leaves the room, looking over her left shoulder once at Sherlock, who still crouches on the floor. She doesn't smile.
“You know, that reputation I have... it's not entirely unfounded.” Sherlock stage-whispers, his tone dripping with lewd promises.
“Tell me.” John mumbles into his nape, stroking his shoulders while leaning back against the headboard. Sherlock's spine is pressed against his chest as he reclines between John's spread thighs.
“Because I feared exactly what is happening right now. I know your attitude towards some of my habits. But I see that was wrong. I see it now. Please, forgive me, John.” With that, Sherlock crouches down at John's feet, pressing his forehead against the faded carpet that still shows traces of their wax plays from a few nights ago.
Slowly, so slowly, does John start to move his fist inside Sherlock. At first, he just twists his hand, but after a while he begins to pump it in and out of Sherlock's spread hole. The lube squelches against the rubber and starts to drip from Sherlock's arse; John imagines it being come.
“You think you've earned that? After what you did?” John's voice is firm. Sherlock visibly shudders.
It is too hot to be outside. Despite, Sherlock's worn out. After their night in the Giardino, John had made him come numerous times over the past two days, keeping him literally chained to the bed with handcuffs, naked.
“Look, he's even blushing. Never dreamt to see the day...” Greg muses.
“When I'm finished I want to see you piss yourself.” John pants, but his hand doesn't speed up, and it's another ten minutes before he finally comes, shooting his load all over Sherlock's face and hair. Sherlock holds still and stays inside John for some minutes after so he can ride out his orgasm as come drips down Sherlock's face. He wants to taste it, push it into his mouth with his fingers, but all he can do is stay still and smell John's musk, sweat and arousal. When he's eventually allowed to pull the rubber toy out, John's pink hole clenches and flutters. Sherlock desperately wants to push his tongue in again but John doesn't remove the gag just yet.
He keeps Sherlock like this for a few hours longer. As a reprimand, John gives Sherlock ten strokes with a wooden paddle onto his arse before leaving him in the attic. Much worse than the beating, however, is that after a while Sherlock's legs start to cramp due to lack of fluids, yet he can't lower his body without risking ripping his piercings out. The agony increases by the minute, yet he has no choice but to suffer through it. When John eventually returns, he's a sobbing mess, his legs visibly shaking. He collapses into a sweaty heap on the floor the moment John detaches the rope from the first nipple ring. John kicks him a few times until he's at least able to scramble into a kneeling position to crawl down the stairs like a beaten dog.
John slowly turns. Sherlock reaches out to take the needle form John's hand before facing the mirror. He swallows, then brings the tip of the needle up to press against the right corner of his lower lip. Their eyes lock in the mirror, and Sherlock hesitates briefly, taking a deep breath, before pushing the needle through, piercing his lip. John sits down on the edge of the tub, crosses his arms over his chest, and watches.
Sherlock purrs in approval, slightly dazed, and opens the door to slip out with just a towel around his hips, only to almost bump into his father. There's a short embarrassed silence. Sherlock grabs the towel tighter, but of course his father sees all the bruises, the bandages – and the silver rings piercing his younger son's nipples. John can only stare at Sherlock's naked back, at the barely covered tattoo, and is glad that his army training has provided him with the mental repertoire to react quickly under pressure and in immediate danger. He swiftly steps forward and slides his arm around Sherlock's slim waist.
“Why?” Sherlock asks.
Eventually, John unties the string from the nipple rings, and Sherlock is allowed to sit back up on his heels. “Ready for round two?” John asks, but doesn't wait for Sherlock's answer as he pushes four fingers right inside his soft, gaping mouth.
“Please what?”
“Stop complaining! Your mouth is made to suck cock and lick arseholes, not to whine and nag.” John hisses into Sherlock's ear one morning and tugs so hard on his hair that he yanks out some glossy curls with their roots, leaving a bald patch at the back of Sherlock's head. Sherlock sobs one last time, suppressing a scream, and pushes the gigantic cone-shaped plug past his sphincter. He's always plugged these days, to train his rectum. John wants him ready any time he chooses to bend Sherlock over and fuck him so hard that he fears to pass out.
When the dildo is fully seated, Mark waits a little to adjust to the stretch, grinding his hips in small circles. Sherlock can't see his face but there’s no discomfort showing in the arch of his spine. The teeth of the zipper brush against Sherlock's sweaty face, leaving angry marks.
Sherlock does. John pulls his right foot back until it almost touches the tree, then wraps the end of the rope around the ankle. Sherlock's now hanging in the air, just held by the ropes. Most of his weight is suspended from his arms.
“I did just send him a picture of you, with your right hand up your own arse. I’m sure he’s by now already unbuttoning his fly, playing with his fat cock while looking at his little brother doing unspeakable things. I bet he gets off on it.”
“Spread your legs.” Sherlock does and John gently pries his arse cheeks apart. As he peels the by now almost dry flannel away that he'd placed there last night as a cold compress, he sees that Sherlock's hole is still bright red, swollen yet slack. At least he's stopped bleeding.
Sherlock's empty hole gapes for a few seconds, then flutters shut. It looks deliciously vulnerable. Greg can't help himself, he bows down and sucks while his right hand sneaks between Sherlock's spread legs and starts to massage his balls. Sherlock gasps and almost comes at once from the sudden stimulation, so deprived is he of another man's touch. But Greg senses his arousal just in time and squeezes his balls so fiercely that Sherlock screams and tears spring to his eyes. He might be pissing blood for the next few days, if he would be allowed to piss at all. Sherlock can imagine John already pondering an adequate additional punishment for demanding Lestrade's come, and denying Sherlock to empty himself might be one idea he entertains.
“You won't be able to sit for a while, Sherlock. But then, I imagine John will make you kneel anyway. Now, let me take a look at how big that toy is you stuffed up you greedy arsehole.”
Sherlock nods eagerly.
“I'm fine.” Sherlock hums with closed eyes, his voice still strained, his forehead resting on his drawn-up knees. “A bit sore.” He adds after a minute. Mycroft chuckles.
He moans around his gag, his voice low, not just from sexual arousal. There’s true Sherlockian excitement in the sounds he makes.
The temperature in the room falls several degrees as the smile is instantly wiped from Mycroft's face.
In another room, he finds four men sitting around a table, drinking beer and playing cards. They look him up and down, and he remembers begging for their piss, wallowing in the hot yellow liquid on his kitchen floor, slurping it into his mouth while John touched himself.
When John comes, Sherlock swallows every drop, licking the glans clean, his lips massaging the ridge of John's cock and suckling the foreskin until John withdraws.
“And this is the... object we've been talking about?” She stands right in front of Sherlock and takes his chin in one of her well-manicured hands. Sherlock has no choice but to look up at her.
“Better.” Sherlock moves a little and winces. John had needed five stitches to repair the damage caused by the rape. The knot of a Great Dane is truly massive.
“I think a good long thrashing will make his cheeks glow nicely.”
Suddenly, Moriarty's hand leaves Sherlock's arse and pushes into his hair, yanking his head up before pushing his face down against the icy cheek of the dead body beneath him
“Yes, please, Oh god, John, please…” Sherlock mumbles into the carpet. However, he senses that John wants to hear more, and by now he knows what is expected from him. “Please, use me, use my hole. Fill me up with your hot piss, John.”
John has paid attention that the nasogastric tube protruding from his nose is not wedge in under the mask. It sticks out from his otherwise black rubber face. Sherlock can feel John fumble with it, elongating it by attaching another tube or hose. Sherlock stands still and waits. His arms start to hurt slightly from the stretch, but he's too excited right now to perceive this as aggravating.
The pain intensifies as the objects become larger. The small paintbrush isn't that bad; neither is the pencil, even if its increased size stretches Sherlock's hole noticeably. John holds Sherlock's cock up again, and now even he can see the pencil glide beneath the sensitive skin at the underside of his shaft. It's simultaneously a bit disconcerting and utterly arousing.
“Well, nothing's wrong with a bit of morning wood.” John grins, rocking his own boner against Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock's eyes flutter shut.
As John has found the sweet spot inside Sherlock he aims for it mercilessly. Sherlock bites down on his free hand, curled into a tight fist and pressed against his mouth, to stop yelling with every hit John takes on his prostate. His abdominal muscles flex and heave as he tries to control his ragged breathing but he still feels on the brink to hyperventilation.
After a few hours inside it, Sherlock feels slightly dizzy. He starts to float, he says, his head getting light as if under the influence of his preferred narcotics. He continues to plead with John to put the hood over his head, to gag him, blindfold him, use earplugs. He wants to be deprived of every sensual stimulation to enhance the effect.
Moriarty pushes his phone in Sherlock's face. “Louder!”
„Are you sure about that?“ Sherlock asks, baffled - and obviously more than just a little bit intrigued.
Jesus, that has been a close call. The shock hits John with delay, the adrenaline kicking in making his body shudder as he peels of the torn bag and the tape.
John presses his foot between Sherlock's legs and Sherlock humps it like a bitch in heat. “God, Sherlock, you are so wet. Your lovely little panties are dripping. Have you pissed yourself?”
John pulls out abruptly, leaving Sherlock coughing as he gasps in surprise.
“Sherlock, there are people on the front door.” She sounds anxious. Sherlock can hear the rattling of the knocker downstairs.
He removes the plug in one swift motion. Sherlock gasps as its bulbous head breaches him. His hole flutters shut, now empty, twitching enticingly for John to push inside. Blood is still running down Sherlock's crack, and John smears it over the pale globes of Sherlock's arse until they are painted in varying shades of rusty crimson. It looks and smells like a slaughterhouse: blood, sweat, musk, fear, heat. Its primal. It's intoxicating.
“You think you earned it, my come in your filthy mouth?”
Mycroft hums approvingly as he again fondles Sherlock's testicles. The pressure building with no hope for release is mindbogglingly frustrating. John bowing down, coaxing Sherlock’s mouth open with his tongue, doesn't help much either.
“To add to my helplessness, you should tie me up. Again, I'm sure you know techniques that will leave me in a most uncomfortable position.”
Afterwards, John goes up to his room and changes into something more comfortable – dark blue jeans and a snug white t-shirt – before returning downstairs. Sherlock can see his dog-tags beneath the fabric and swallows. John comes to stand next to the couch and gazes down at him, frowning.
“At least I did that for us, for him and me. Not for Queen and country.” He's aware of how weak his excuse sounds.
John as quickly as possible steers Sherlock backwards out the door, all the while facing the room. Sherlock can barely walk, but John drapes his left arm around his own shoulder and almost carries him outside. Somehow, he's able to manoeuvre the lanky detective into the passenger seat of Mycroft's car. He has no idea how they will get away with what he just did, but that worry can wait until Sherlock is save back in London, away from his brother.
But his fantasies are disturbed when suddenly the servant returns. He's carrying the large bowl they've seen next to the entrance. The bowl in which the used condoms could be disposed off.
As expected, their fridge is almost empty. There are some strawberries, plain Greek yoghurt, a bottle of white wine and leftover roasted chicken.
“No, John.” His eyes glide back onto the rug.
“No.” John barely remembers the day. He drowned it in Tequila. “But Mrs Hudson went. She told me it was very decent.”
John freezes, and the woman holds his gaze, looking calmly back at him. He can't comprehend. Everything around them blurs and fades away. And when the woman opens her mouth – her pale pink, impossible mouth, the upper lip graced by the most beautiful Cupid's bow – and softly says: “Hello, John.” - He just can't anymore.
“Do you know what this is?” John asks, curious.
“I'm not talking about your face.” John retorts, still smiling.
“I... I'm not sure I can do this.” Sherlock whispers, tears welling up in his eyes. “Sorry.”
Chapter 3
They step behind the black velvet curtain, separating the busy shop from a more private area. A dimly lit corridor leads to the back of the building, into a small room that looks more like a lab or a surgery than something Sherlock would have expected at a somewhat seedy tattoo parlour in SoHo. Everything looks neat and very clean. There's a stretcher covered in plastic foil, as is the equipment. Sherlock can't identify most of the instruments but is sure that they are needed to inject ink beneath the epidermis.
“So you found what I wanted you to get. Wow, this looks huge. Must have been fun pushing that up your slutty hole.” John admires Sherlock's dedication. It would have taken him a while to get used to such a massive toy. Sherlock is still tight like the virgin he was until a few months back, and two weeks of forced abstinence surely have done nothing to help prepare his body for such a gigantic intrusion. John simply has to reach out and brush his fingers over the broad rubber rim protruding form Sherlock's arse hole.
“So, how does it work then? Are customers admitted and then ushered to their rooms, or is there some... mingling beforehand?” John enquires curiously.
“Doctor Watson. Nice to meet you again.” A warm smile transforms her perfect if cold features ; she looks very young and rather experienced at the same time.
Sherlock reaches his shaky left hand up and John takes in his own, stroking it tenderly.
Sherlock gives him a lopsided smile.
“Yes.”
Sherlock holds the man's head up with his left while pulling his lips back with his right hand, examining the teeth as if on a horse market. Then he preens up the man's nostrils. “Cocaine addict.” Sherlock mumbles. When he kneels down to examine the wound at the groin John has to close his eyes for a moment.
“Two weeks, maybe three. He'll try to acquire the video. Or to gather material against you. And perhaps against myself as well. We are his enemies now. And Mycroft doesn't take prisoners.” Yet, Sherlock doesn't sound too worried, only slightly intrigued.
“At least he didn't see your tattoo.”
“Precisely. Driven to suicide by the defamatory slander of the tabloids. Neat, don't you think?” Sherlock sounds rather proud of himself. John sighs, resting his chin on top of Sherlock’s red curls. “Oh, sorry. You weren't supposed to be there.” Sherlock interlaces their fingers and squeezes reassuringly.
----------
----------
Sherlock nods frantically while still pumping John's cock.
“Relax your throat.” John strokes Sherlock's hair back as he fucks his mouth. He has put Sherlock on the bed, turned on his back, and kneels above his body, pushing his cock deep into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's hands are still cuffed and tied to the headboard, arms stretched above his head. His legs are tied together at the ankles and bound to the the end of the bed.
John steps back and sits down on the bed. “Go on then. Use him. Show me what you can take.”
Sherlock shrugs but moves closer, signalling that he’s still deep in subspace. He doesn’t want to explain. He wants to be tied up and drifting. He wants John to decide, to take action, to show him what he needs, to punish him when he disobeys him. Life can be so easy. Analysing his emotional reactions seems way too complicated right now.
“Speaking of, did you bring the supplies, Doctor?” Mycroft switches the vibrator off abruptly, and Sherlock almost slumps to the floor as his taut muscles relax. Only the stiff corset prevents him from tipping over, and he's suddenly grateful for the support it lends to his body.
“No, John, the book the quote is from. That’s its title. I was slightly obsessed with it during my late teens.”
“Well, I don't really have a choice, do I?” Sherlock sighs against John's temple.
In a last moment of clarity, John remember to latch the safety back on. Then his orgasm hits him, crashes over him like a wave as he comes and comes inside Sherlock's motionless, lifeless body.
He does it for Molly. He does it for Mycroft. He does it for John – though he hopes no one will ever find out to what length exactly he went to protect them, to save them.
“Oh, Sherlock. What did I tell you? Now I have to punish you in earnest.”
Sherlock's hole is completely wrecked and bleeding. The prolapse is bright red and looks raw and sore. The rectal mucosa is torn by the look of it. John assumes deep lacerations to the muscles around Sherlock's sphincter but he has to check under better light to be sure.
“Calm down.” John says.
A moment later, Acri appears again, wiping his hands on his dressing gown.
Sherlock nods, his eyes two black saucers in his white face, fathomless and a little glazed.
“Oh, pardon me, John, this is Colin Maxwell from The Sun. Haven't you seen...?”
John holds him open while Mycroft pushes the toy in mercilessly. Sherlock's gasps become shrieks and then cries of pain as about half the plug sits inside him and his brother continues to fill him up.
Bliss.
When Mycroft fastens the clamps over Sherlock's nipples the instant pressure makes him gasp. The pegs bite, despite being sheathed in a thin layer of black rubber, but not as sharp as John's clover clamps. The chain, however, is made of solid silver, and its weight pulls strenuously at Sherlock's sensitive nipples.
Sherlock tries and nods.
For now, however, Sherlock needs urgent aftercare. John tells him to pull the stopper out. Sherlock's shaking hands fumble a little in the muddy water before he succeeds and the dirt and grime run down the drain.
The taste of rubber fills Sherlock's mouth. It feels like drowning. It's like being violated; an alien object is entering his body against his will. All he can do is make a gurgling sound to voice his protest as his gag reflex is triggered.
John steps up close and scrapes his fingernails down Sherlock's lower abdomen until they brush through the dark hair above his cock.
Meanwhile, John has dressed, and looks a little appalled when returning to the room and glancing over at the breakfast nook.
“Be my guest.” John's voice is low and rough. He's aroused by what he's witnessing, which gives Sherlock a little spark of comfort. At least his torment pleases John.
Sherlock doesn't move, clutching his hands under his armpits.
“Oh, but Doctor Watson, someone with your reputation... I feel rather flattered.” She gives John a slow appreciative smile that John returns with a slight shrug.
“I'm yours.” Sherlock breaths as he turns his head to catch John's eyes before kissing his yaw. “You can do what you want with me. Anything you want. I'll let you. I'm yours.”
“Barberry.” He pants.
Sherlock swallows, tugging at the belt that ties his wrists behind his back. He needs to concentrate to string a coherent sentence together because words seem to fail him as all his blood is gathered in his throbbing, locked-up groin. “Perhaps you'd... like to... spit on my face?” He suggest in a low voice, raising his head, his eyes wide open, his jaw slack. “Please, spit on my face.”
“You filthy whore.” John growls before spitting right into Sherlock's open, panting mouth.
“Can you feel my hard cock, Sherlock? Can you feel how much this turns me on? How much you turn me on.”
John only presses his foot between Sherlock's legs from behind, squashing his already abused balls. “Rut.” He orders, and Sherlock does, biting down onto his lower lip to stifle the groans of pain that want to escape his mouth.
“Are you in the mood for more piss?”
“I've got you something.” He smiles as he takes a pair of black patent leather high heels from the box, with a broad heel and a strap to fasten them around the ankle.
Mycroft sighs heavily and massages the bridge of his nose with thumb and forefinger.
Eventually, after long minutes in which he didn't dare to move and just concentrates on breathing through his nose, the funnel finally hits the mouthpiece of the gag. Sherlock is tied up with a gavage device inserted into his body, totally at John's and Mycroft's mercy. He can't move, he can't speak or scream. All he can do is wait and take what they have in store for him.
The apartment is on the fourth floor in a 19th century rear-building reached after passing through two courtyards. The floor is made of gleaming wood and the rooms are almost sixteen feet high, with white stucco decorating the ceilings. It's a bit like residing in a small palace. The sparse furniture is made of light wood – beech and pine – giving the flat a cool, Scandinavian touch. How very fitting for a man named Sven Sigerson.
“Thank you.” He whispers, just glad that at least this part of his punishment is over. “Thank you for cleaning me. Please, let me suck the toilet brush.”
John waits for him in their living room, getting up from the sofa as Sherlock enters, squaring his shoulders, feet at parade's rest.
“But how do you guarantee that your staff is safe, especially regarding the somewhat exotic tastes of your clients?” Sherlock asks.
“Mycroft is getting a little bit impatient by now. Irene phoned him and reported your session. Afterwards, Mycroft had a rent boy come over, and it got a bit out of hand – so to speak.” Greg smirks. “We had to tie that whore down in the end. You know, Mycroft doesn't like that very much. He wants them ready and gagging for it, not crying and spluttering 'Uh, that hurts, nonono...” Greg imitates a camp high whine and both men laugh. “One of Mycroft's minions had to take that slut to his discreet private clinic afterwards. Not so much because of the fisting but because of the beating. Mycroft was... agitated. Got pretty nasty. The cane he uses is quite fierce. That boy passed out several times during the session. Even bled on the upholstery of the car. Mycroft was not amused. That boy won't work for some time in the future. Luckily, Mycroft had something on his pimp to shut him up from complaining, otherwise...” Greg shrugs, all the while caressing Sherlock's open anus.
Sherlock emerges half an hour later, dressed in tight black jeans that really must cling painfully against his sore bottom, and an even tighter black shirt; his nipple rings are clearly visible through the thin fabric. He doesn't look as shabby as the days before but not like his usually impeccable self either. Instead, he looks a bit spoilt, debauched, shifty even.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock pants between smacks, tasting blood when John splits his lip. “Teach me. Punish me. I need it. Badly.”
“No touching. Just looking.”
“I can see that you put him properly through the mill last night, Doctor Watson.”
His lower back starts to hurt, the wound John has superficially covered last night threatening to open up again. His legs really burn by now, as does his abused hole. He's sure he'll be sore for some time. Maybe it will show when he tries to walk, the slight chafing reminding him of the lewd things he did to please John.
“Hey...,” he sighs. “Morning.”
“You wouldn't...” Mycroft begins but then falls silence as he becomes aware of the look on John's face.
“Why would you do that? Why should I trust you?” He sounds way more confident than he feels right now, almost snobbish.
“No need to get vocal, John. I assure you, I am totally in charge of the situation.”
To give him something to occupy his gaping mouth with, John remembers the double-dildo he brought with him downstairs yesterday; he gets it, dribbles some honey he's just bought on it, and fucks Sherlock's mouth with it for almost an hour, pushing in deep. There's no resistance as Sherlock's mouth is held open by the braces of the spider gag. He drools even more, his eyes pleading John to stop. But John shushes him and reminds him of his training back in Sussex: “I know that you can take bigger toys, Sherlock. Just relax.” John watches him with dark eyes, a tight smile on his face. This is not so much about getting off but about domination and submission. Sherlock surrenders.
“Oh god, yes...” Sherlock sighs as Greg's fingers push inside him and start to stroke the walls of his rectum.
“Hmmm,” John hums, offering the dish up to Sherlock. “This looks repugnant. I can hardly see the strawberries anymore. Everything's covered in goo.” He grins. “Would you like me to feed you breakfast now?”
Be prepared for a Reichenbach scenario in this penultimate chapter. If this is not your cup of tea, better skip it - you'll still be able to understand the final chapter that'll come out next week.
Mark places one hand on Sherlock's sternum as he lowers himself onto his knees, squatting over Sherlock’s face. His scent is much stronger now, enveloping Sherlock, dark, animalistic and syrupy thick. Sherlock can see Mark's stretched rim flutter, reddened by John’s work.
“I... we... tried that, Sherlock. It's not working. You are not... you are not into that stuff. You think you are but believe me, you are not.”
He knows he's starting to dissociate. There's only so much pain one can take. After a while, the agony becomes rather boring in its repetition, especially to a drugged brain. He wishes the cycle would break, though. He wants this to be over, and therefore allows himself to sink deeper and deeper into unconsciousness to await the end of his ordeal. It works. He zones out.
The boy's cock throbs in Sherlock's lose fist. “Bitte, oh bitte...” he pants, but his Dom just shakes his head and says firmly: “Nein, du geile kleine Sperma-Nutte, erst wenn ich fertig bin.” [No, you horny little come slut, only when I'm finished.]
“I stuffed it between the sofa cushions. It wouldn't stop ringing.”
“Oh, you want to be wide open and gaping, I see.” John grins as he reaches over for the speculum sitting on the bedside cabinet, gleaming in the sunlight filtering through the window. Sherlock remembers their first session and shudders. Luckily, this time the device slides in much more easy. Thank god John has finally used some lube.
Eventually, John turns Sherlock’s pliant body over to check for damages. His hole is still open and leaking lube, but not gaping anymore. There’s no blood or fissures. John’s sure Sherlock's rectum will be back to normal in a few hours.
“Very good, Sven.” He says, and Sherlock relaxes and sighs a little.
“We could tell he it was an experiment.”
John eventually locks eyes with Sherlock and bows down, kissing him almost chaste before drawing the tip of the knife down Sherlock's exposed inner upper arm, stretched out above his head. It's just a shallow cut, but it instantly starts to bleed, dark red crimson rivulets trickling down milky skin. Sherlock inhales and closes his eyes.
John looks over at his lover, reduced to a sobbing mess, possessed by an ache he can't sooth.
“Look at you.” Mycroft whispers in a hot, filthy voice. “God, I want to devour you.”
As he glances up at his brother and John, Mycroft scrapes some cake from his plate. “Help yourself, bitch.” He grins salaciously. And Sherlock does, his tongue darting out to lick the mushy residue from the carpet, sucking it up until it's clean.
John doesn't allow Sherlock to remove his clothes before he's sucked him off on their large double bed. He doesn't care that Sherlock is sobbing, choking around his thick shaft. He even has to palm himself in his pants until John finally comes. Sherlock slurps his load down greedily, John's viscous release soothing his raw throat.
John is silent for a long while. Sherlock knows he's being judged right now. He'll accept any punishment John will come up with.
“Lovely.” Sherlock sighs, locking eyes with John, almost drowning in his dark blue gaze. “I'm so full. You are both filling me up. God! It's so good, so much. Thank you.”
John ties Sherlock down with deft, experienced movements. The back of his calves are resting against a plank just above his ankles as he's bend over at 90 degrees at the hip, his torso lying face down onto wooden bars about an inch apart. His arms are at his side, secured by two leather straps pulled tight and fastened behind his back, almost cutting off circulation. His face is resting on its right cheek, the struts surely leaving marks. It’s not uncomfortable, yet Sherlock is effectively immobilised, his naked arse, back and thighs exposed and vulnerable.
“Twenty... two.” Sherlock's voice falters as his sweaty fingers skitter over the table top in need of purchase.
Sherlock does as he's told, still slightly dazed. He kneels on the shiny parquet floor, sporting a massive erection. Irene caresses his chest with the crop, stroking the tip over his right nipple, and Sherlock moans, throwing back his head and leaning into the touch. John sits up on the chaise lounge, looking at Sherlock somewhat predatory.
“I... I just want to tell you that... it's all fine.” Sherlock finishes, holding his gaze. “It's all fine.” He repeats. Sherlock never repeats himself.
Sherlock had been too loose after Berlin due to the enormous toys they'd used back there. It had been quite the experience for both of them but in the end John had decided against them. It's true, he loves fisting Sherlock – the noises he makes when he thinks he's unable to take it, the triumphant feeling when John overpowers him, the euphoria when Sherlock surrenders and lets John have his way, the tight hug of Sherlock's rim around John's wrist – but John, as a doctor, also knows about the concomitant effects of constant distension. As tempting as the idea of being able to bend Sherlock over anytime anywhere and just push inside him is - the image of Sherlock in nappies does nothing for John.
“Jesus.” John pants, pulling out and collapsing onto the bed. Sherlock's wet mouth slides off of the dildo, a thick bead of spit clinging to the black rubber head. He stays upright long enough for John to watch his come leak out of his hole, running over his balls and dripping onto the duvet.
After the bowl is empty once again, Sherlock really has to fight to keep the slime down. He presses a hand to his mouth and shuts his eyes. 'Please,' he thinks, 'not again.'
“Sometimes even your brain needs some rest.” And with that, John pulls, and Sherlock screams, stifling the noise by shoving his fist into his mouth.
Sherlock does as he's told, reaching back with his hands, pulling his cheeks apart and spreading his legs to give John better access. John first fastens the black silk over Sherlock's eyes before stuffing the small black foam plugs into Sherlock's auditory passages.
Sherlock continues as if he hadn't heard: “The girl is about ten years old. Not English. I think she came from Eastern Europe, probably one of the Baltic states. She's been in London for only a couple of weeks. Marks on her wrists and ankles suggest that she was kept in chains. In a windowless room. She's very pale. But otherwise she was treated well. No signs of torture or starvation.”
The floor creaks behind John and he turns, still crouching over the dusty boxes.
When he pushes his tongue inside that strained mouth next to the massive cock already filling it, the boy makes a somewhat desperate noise, erratically grinding his hips against Sherlock's thigh. God, it feels so good! If he'd only be allowed to come, he'd spill a massive load all over the tiles. He's sure John would make him lick it up again afterwards.
“What the fuck, Sherlock... Seriously?” John's voice trembles with fury.
“This hurts rather badly, I imagine.” John grins wickedly as Sherlock nods weakly. John massages the balm onto Sherlock's cock and the cooling-burning sensation makes Sherlock almost faint. When John eventually removes his hand Sherlock is so grateful he wants to lie down at John's feet and thank him for having mercy.
“You want me to do this here?” Sherlock asks, his voice thin and shaking.
Sherlock starts to read the article, his eyes suddenly bright and focused, rapidly scanning the page from left to right.
The skin on Sherlock’s knees and shins has started to peel off by now, the price for sitting in Hydrochloride Acid. He’s so exhausted that he fears to pass out. The cramps are getting worse by the minute as his stomach gurgles loudly. Eventually, he starts throwing up. It’s just water and bile but the effort it takes to bring it up enhances the pressure on his bowels, sharply heightening the ache with every wave of nausea. Sherlock tries to keep it down, pressing a trembling hand to his mouth, until the watery phlegm forcefully erupts out of him, seeping between his fingers, dripping down into the slurry he's forced to kneel in. He coughs and splutters, mortified by his failing body.
Sherlock tentatively touches his nostrils. He'd almost forgotten about the tube. He pulls a chair out from under the table.
“I'll put four on your balls.” John had announced. The agony had been almost unbearable; but then John had moved on to Sherlock's still hard cock. He'd put just two cloth pins onto the foreskin, retracted from the glans, it's folds surrounding Sherlock's frenulum beneath the corona. Sherlock had tried to escape the inevitable by wriggling helplessly in his bonds, his hands pulling forcefully at his restraints – but to no avail. He'd moaned and choked behind his gag but the rubber ball had stifled all his protests.
As the waves of pleasure ebb, Sherlock is not able to even sit up any more and slumps down into the mess on the linoleum, lying on his side, his chest heaving as he's trying to get his breath back. With one weak hand, he continues to rubs the piss all over his body, his face, and the smell of it, the feeling of urine and come dripping from his hair is the last thing he remembers before he literally passes out.
“Please, no, please...” Kate starts to beg, but Sally's finger inside her speed up as her other hand clamps down over Kate's mouth. The maid doesn't resist.
John quickly slings the belt around Sherlock's throat and pulls it tight, never breaking eye contact. Sherlock makes a surprised, strangled sound and his hands clench so hard that his knuckles turn white.
“God, I want to fuck you so badly, Sherlock. You are so beautiful like this.”
And Sherlock does. He sees his limp cock in John's hand – and he can't. This is too humiliating to even think about it. He wants to beg John to stop this but they have barely begun. Sherlock inhales a few times through his nose, trying to calm down.
“I'm sure you were quite convincing.” John deadpans.
Thus far this hasn't been stimulating at all – just very humiliating and slightly weird.
Sherlock smiles. “Where's my phone?” He enquires.
“Yes.” Sherlock sneers through gritted teeth.
“John...”, Molly gasps. “What's the matter? Sherlock? No. Why...?”
“Being stupid.” Sherlock glares at him.
The sensation is unbelievable. Sherlock is so full. But not impaled by an inanimate object, but by the sinewy arms of his brother. John has by now opened his fly and has pushed one hand inside his pants, pumping his cock while watching Mycroft double-fist his little brother. Sherlock's hole is stretched obscenely, wider than even John could have imagined, his rim hugging his brother's arms tight. Lube squelches out of his anus, coating his perineum and Mycroft’s arms in an oily smear, the fine ginger hairs getting all sticky and glued together.
When John takes the last ice cube from the glass and rubs it over Sherlock's nipples the sensation is enough to send him over the edge. By now it's an almost clear dribble that oozes from Sherlock's spend cock, having come three times already, but he still writhes in ecstasy, biting his lip.
Sherlock's head falls back against the backrest as John let's go of him to squeeze lube onto Mycroft's gloved left hand. It's not as easy to work in as the first, but after some probing and prodding it breaches Sherlock's body as well, sliding inside. Mycroft has suddenly both his hands up Sherlock's arse, hot, tight heat engulfing him.
They dry him off while he holds onto the sink. Afterwards, John tends to his wounds, applying ointment and bandages. The cuts from the rod aren’t deep and will heal soon, yet have to get disinfected and patched up. Sherlock silently endures as John dabs his wounds with alcohol while Mycroft watches, a possessive glint in his eyes. When John's finished, Mycroft drapes the green silk dressing gown over Sherlock's shoulders and leads him back to his bedroom, guiding Sherlock over to a lush sofa upholstered in deep-red velvet. Sherlock lies on the spacious couch – more a lounging area – and switches through the channels on Mycroft's gigantic plasma screen while both his brother and John take a quick shower.
