The bed shifts and dips, Andrew positioning himself behind Steve, the soft sound of stretched rubber over flesh. “God, it looks so tiny.” But is undettered. And truthfully, it takes him a couple of tries to push in, cock in hand while Ed holds Steve by the chin, thick cock slowly thrusting against his cheek, hard and covered in his own slick, making sure he can smell his musk.
muscle. A gaunter face, thin with prominent cheekbones from how sunken his cheeks look and that killer jaw. His collarbones taking similar silhouettes under pale skin. Tony can only see half of his chest, but it’s enough to raise some red flags.
That hits a little harder in chest than he expects it to, Clint just summed up fifteen minutes of yelling into a very concise statement.
“Okay, fuck, sorry. I got a little carried away there.” Clint rubs his eyes with the back of his hand, very quickly turning away from Steve and falling back in bed.
“I’ll go first.” Even Ed’s voice seem a little strained, belt buckle jangling loose as he takes off his pants.
Bucky stares at him, gray eyes tired as ever. Steve knows it’s unfair of him to unload it all to Bucky like this, but he sees no other way.
The phone is still in his pocket. Tony had sounded upset when Steve had tried to return it. And Steve wasn’t stupid as to why. He had seen the flash in Tony’s eyes, near wild at the mention of Michael. Which made little to no sense.
Steve and Bucky don’t speak. Not when Steve hands over the bit of bread to Bucky, though there’s disgruntled acceptance but not much else. They don’t speak when Bucky comes home with the day’s worth of food. And they don’t speak when Steve leaves that night for the mating blocks.
It’s short work, barely a challenge, but it’s a terrible feeling in his stomach when they do liberate the victims. Most are young Omegas, Steve would think they’re all too terribly young, frightened and shaking when Clint and Steve come in. It’s the reason they’d decided that it was better that Natasha didn’t come along for the rescue, the presence of an Alpha might set them off, further stress them.
Steve swallows, his gut feels like it’s sinking into the depths of the earth. How should he even explain? Should he bother with an explanation? No matter where he looked at it, punching Justin had been wrong, even if he did make outrageous claims on him. And he’d done it while being Tony’s date, which would no doubt ruin his reputation. Oh God, what if it went on the news? Commander Fury would never let him out again.
“For the Tesseract.” She provides. “He’s alive. Spotted in Germany, but his team got away during your tussle with Thor. Loki was the priority target, and Barton slipped away before the Agents could find them.”
“No hospital.” Tony quickly interjects. It’s weird, his leg doesn’t feel as bad anymore, it can’t have been more than an hour. “I’ll take a cheeseburger though, and have Pepper schedule a statement for the press.”
Steve relaxes, pressing his shield back into his bag. “Nice to hear your voice again too. Is everything automatic now?” The word
“That part, I know.” Steve trails along, just a hint curious, though he knows that Tony can’t help but show off and all will be explained, with or without his intervention. “First six months of enlistment, I was touring throughout the country, given a script and told to stick to it.” He frowns. He hadn’t hated his time with the gals. Truth be told, he’d gotten used to it to a point, he nearly started believing that the stage was his place in the war effort.
When they break away they’re both panting, staring into each other’s eye as they catch their breath.
“Of course, Mr. Stark.” Jasper nods, and then looks pained. “But I must insist. His papers have to be transferred to your name still, as well as the rest of his registration, along with his permits. I can have them expedite it all, of course. Grease the wheels, if you catch my drift, but it would still take a few hours at best.”
There’s a soothing hand in his hair, light touches as compared to the heavy weight on his chest. “Hey, didn’t I say you were safe here?” There’s a demanding tone, a touch of annoyance. “If you think for one moment that SHIELD can do anything to you, then you are seriously wrong Mister. Don’t worry about them, I’ll handle it.”
He picks out an appropriate picture once JARVIS sends them, attaches it to an email and then sends it to Clint. '
With that and a nod, Jasper leads him down through a hall, into another lobby with plush couches. It’s quiet, entirely private, and Jasper excuses himself. “Do make yourself comfortable, Mr. Stark. I just have a call to make about preparations.” The Beta scurries off.
Steve nods, at least a few things were cleared up. He didn’t have to worry that he was disrespecting every Alpha on base, or if they were out to get him through some power display he wasn’t aware of.
“Talk me through this, Tony, help me understand.” He says, nice and quiet, watches for the tell-tale signs of distress.
His new body was decidedly sturdier, could take the stress of Heat but even then, four years in the war, he had only ever gone into Heat five times, still a far cry from the norm but it was more than he could hope for. Plus, with the constant threat of being killed, his body at least knew enough to stop the instinct to roll over and spread his legs.
“It was a gift from Colonel Rhodes.” JARVIS interjects. “He had hoped it would remind you to eat regular meals.”
“I’m not your butler, Tony. I signed up to be a bodyguard, not a nanny.” Brock crosses his arms. “Shit job already. How many times have you been threatened this year?”
“Save and close. Keep running those simulations. Everything from Earth and within Earth orbit. Top priority status.”
No?” He sounded unsure himself, Steve catches the sudden gasp of air, the way Tony makes room between them, just a step backwards, away from him. That only confuses Steve.
“Okay. If you’re sure.” Tony says pointedly, and looks at him for a moment, waiting for Steve to change his mind.
“I’m fine.” Steve insists. Quickly changing the topic, he gives Tony a playful smile. “So, I’m not for sharing?”
Steve blushes and shakes his head. “We’re just friends.” He decides to say, because that was a bit strange, if not forward. The openness of the question caught him off-guard.
People greet them halfway into the hall, or rather, greet Tony and then take notice of him. Their eyes looks him up and down, judging him where he stands, before a sidewards glance at Tony, like they're trying to measure them. He doesn’t think Tony notices (used to it, most likely), just looks delighted by their attention, starts and ends quick conversations.
“You know how she is.” Tony can almost feel like he isn’t lying, easy smile, avoiding the subject altogether while Rhodey nods in understanding.
They move with understanding of one another's bodies, tentative and appreciative. Steve knows to shift back, nudges Tony forward to drive him crazy when he’s buried deep, and Tony knows to press his chin just below Steve neck, lets his beard bristle against the tender spot that sends Steve shuddering.
“That doesn’t mean you ought to give it your best effort.” Stevos sighs, shakes his head, stands up. Tony nearly chases after his warmth, and it’s only through sheer will power that he stays rooted to the bed, fist clenched at his side.
“Oh yes, gods Stevos, fuck me properly with your dick already.” He’s impatient, and he really wants to feel that cock stretch him out.
While Howard and Obie meander away, Tony turns to see the Curator making his way towards him. “That’s alright, Heather. I’ll handle Mr. Stark’s account personally.” He waves off his what-must-be secretary, and straightens his jacket. He has the looks of a man who had just won a million bucks. Or the equivalent commission from it, Tony supposes.
It’s only a moment’s hesitation before Stevos phases into the tinier form. The veins are back, and so are the bruises, but Stevos looks no less guarded in this form than the other, jaw clenched shut.
Steve grits his teeth. He can smell the blood on the man, bleeding somewhere in that suit of armor, yet demands for a quick snack and pretends to be fine.
. It keeps his mind occupied as he focuses his thoughts to the details. On paper is a quick sketch of Clint, a gesture of a man at best, that he had hopes to fill with as much detail as possible.
Instead, he runs in place, a television in front of him so that he has something else to focus on. It’s normally set to the news (but Clint changed it once on some morning cartoons that he enjoyed), while he listens to with curiosity. He doesn’t understand half of the things they talk about, but he adds them to the list.
That gets him a sly smile, and a shift of limbs. “Relax, I’m just kidding. You’re horribly straight, and you go for High Alpha the first chance you get. I still don’t get you and Stark, whatever makes you happy, man but whenever you feel like experimenting-” There’s a roll of hip, though it lacks heat and is clearly meant to tease him, Steve yelps.
“Tony.” Howard finally utters, and oh, it would be such a sweet victory, if he could just ignore his father, but he turns anyway, breath sucked in, ready to be told off.
The image of Tony on his knees is enough to make his cheeks blush. Shoving a hand at Tony’s face as he does kissing sounds at him, Steve relents, still finding hard to believe how impossible Tony was after seven days.
They stay like that for a while, in stretched silence within the safety of Tony’s bedroom. Steve lays his head to Tony’s chest, listening to the familiar hum of the arc reactor, the smell of Tony’s scent, still a little too frazzled, brings him closer, while Tony’s fingers card through his hair.
for the first ten minutes. Something on your mind, Rogers? Or are snipers Captain America’s great weakness?”
Not wanting to lose his nerve, he’s relieved to find the shower is something he recognizes, although he struggles with the temperature a moment, but finally setting to a cold shower once he’s gotten the hang of it. He scrubs with single-mindedness, doesn’t let the slick and strange Heat get to him. He finds that if he focuses strongly enough, he can almost block it out.
Steve doesn’t bother resisting, let’s his Omega senses purr in delight that another Omega seeks him for comfort.
“My brave little Anthony, can you not see? Can you not feel it?” Stevos eyes shine with excitement. “You have already begun changing the world. Tomorrow, the people will look to you as a symbol of hope. You need not worry, only hold yourself with pride and they will support you. They will cheer your name, and you will be known as a hero.”
And now it felt like it was the right thing to do to simply trust Tony, take his hand and make sure he didn’t have to go through it alone.
He wanders, follows the walls and carpet and sniffs around, towel left behind as well, so he must be dripping water throughout the house. A small amount of spite, he can’t help it.
“Not sure, I haven’t really been with an Omega since that time with the thing.” Tony remains purposefully vague. Somehow Steve can’t find as annoying as he normally would. It at least sounded like Tony wasn’t as affected by the scent as Steve was. So far Tony could still give out full sentences while Steve’s thoughts remained muddled. “No complaints from my end. I like your scent, I can admit that.”
Steve blinks. “I sent you a voice message about it. I want to return it. It’s too expensive a gift for me to carry around.”
When they see him they stop, and sneer at him. When it’s clear that he’s heading for the bike, one of them speaks up.
He’s not sure if he’s worth the effort, as battered as he is, but Stevos holds him throughout the night, gives him water and washes them both down. They stay by the couch with the television turned to something light, Tony feels exhausted but he knows he won’t be able to sleep. Stevos doesn’t complain, he never does, just stays by his side, comments politely at the show they’re watching, and holds Tony securely.
He feels like he should have Clint to thank for the adjustment, but the archer doesn’t mention it so he doesn’t either. Still, it’s a pleasant thought that there’s someone looking out for him.
But Tony’s next touch is to bring him back to his feet, lingering touches on his chest and arms, like physical check to see if he was all there. Steve breath catches when Tony runs his fingers along his sides, and then rests them on his collar bone, just above where the necklace frames his neck.
So he pools his legs underneath him, gets to his knees and curls a hand over the god’s chest, bare to him, a solid heat that resonates from within.
Michael returns the phone, almost sadly, to him after putting his number. Steve makes a note to take better care of it.
“I understand.” Steve says, a different chill going down his body, the night spoiled despite their success. The memories come rising, of cold winter night when his lungs wouldn’t cooperate and when he’d try to stifle them, because he felt so useless and he didn’t need to wake Bucky enough with his damn cough. Bucky still needed to work down the docks in the early morning, bring home enough for the both of them to survive on, especially with scarcity of food already.
the first test. I’ve run the numbers and power required, trajectory calculations and magnetic pull experiments but this was the first I’ve done an actual test.”
Taking pity on him, Stevos strokes him with his hand, smearing pre-cum from the head to ease the friction. It’s a little bit too much, Tony strung too tight, he needs to come so bad, if only Stevos would quit teasing him.
But his (traitorous) body was already reacting to the sight of the phallic object, not to mention the very informative graphic that Tony had drawn on. He finds himself already starting to slick, the desperate slow burn in his body making him consider the-
Tony’s pops out from what looks like a combination of an engine and a generator, screwdriver between his teeth and a wrench in his hands.
And gods he’s thick and long, bigger than anything Tony has seen, and Tony’s had his fair share of cock.
It’s confusion on Stevos’s face, and then hesitation but he nods all the same. Gone is the muscular toned god, in a blink of the eye, a familiar form appears. Smaller, paler and sharp cheekbones, Stevos gives him a defiant look.
“Jesus. That’s not-” He coughs through it, visibly fighting a wheeze with a hand to his chest. “No! Why would you think that?”
“Yeah.” Steve says, near breathless, he struggles to focus on Tony. Piercing, inquisitive eyes looking over him, Tony’s scent sharp, Alpha instinct no doubt taking over, fretting over the Omega that was so clearly in distress.
Which means, his mind is quick to remind him, that earlier, Tony had been rutting against him, there had only been one thin layer of cloth between them.
When Tony does release him, he chuckles. "I brought you here for a reason. And it wasn't for your cooking." Fond, playful. "I wanted to, well, it makes me feel a little stupid saying it outloud now but I'll just go right out and say it. I want us to get married."
He is picked up in non-descript looking black car, carrying what little personal items he had in a duffel bag. He takes hold of his nerves, and nods to Clint and Phil who have come to see him off. Natasha is absent, but only because she’d left for an operation (infiltration op?) the day prior. She had shook his hand and wished him luck. He had appreciated it.
And it’s that sight that propels Tony. Shoving his cock into the hot heat of Stevos's mouth, he curls his hand onto his short hair and fucks his mouth for all it's worth.
Clint is a good enough travel buddy, seems to have a good sense of direction and a good eye for places to eat. Which is what mostly fills their itinerary. They eat burgers from roadside grills, hotdogs from corner stands, churros, fries, peanuts, shawarma, halal, ice cream basically anything off the streets that looks appetizing.
At least tomorrow, they can have some bread for breakfast. Good coffee was too expensive these days, but maybe he could scrounge up some cracked beans if he’s persistent enough. And while he was at it, potatoes before they put them on display at the market.
Steve can sympathize, he knows what it’s like to lose a friend. “We’ll find them, Clint’s too stubborn to die.”
Some deep part of Steve understands that this is Tony with no holds barred, if he were to truly command attention, the way a High-level Alpha would and could. Pinned beneath the gaze of those dark brown eyes that bore through the edges of his soul, it’d be easy to just say yes, allow Tony whatever he liked. The high musk of Alpha overlapped even the smell of the ocean. Strong. Powerful. Insistent in a way that Tony has never been before.
The Clint in his sketch remains asleep, content to ignoring the the world for a few short moments. Steve draws him with just a hint of a smile, like he knows a secret nobody else know and would like to keep it that way.
It takes Steve a second to wrestle down the squirm in his chest, before he takes a breath and enters the room.
Tony chuckles. “Not exactly. Cara and Marlow’s case is special, not every Alpha desires an Omega, some of us pair off with Betas just fine, fully content. Triads are rare, and they’re not always an Alpha, Beta and Omega, there are hardly any, but they do exist. It’s still a matter of preference. In this day and age, you get to choose what you like. For people like Cara and Marlow, it means they can take their pick of the litter.”
Stevos pauses as he secures the bindings on Tony’s leg. It still hurts and throbs, but at least he’s not bleeding all over the place.
Tony’s gaze darkens. He’s shaking, the heaviness in his chest making it difficult to breathe but he focuses on Stevos. On the furrowed brows and haughty eyes, a mixture of pride and an argument on his lips. “Dunno. You saved my life. One petty little
With his other hand he reaches past his balls, into the wet trails of his hole, biting back a moan as he plays with the wet rim, bringing up his hand to further lube his cock with his own slick. His balls his heavy and wet, caught between his hard cock and sopping ass.
The god appears, almost ghost-like in the way he comes in the room, relief blossoming in Tony’s chest at the sight of him.
By now, Steve feels too raw and open, but Ed’s cock is merciless on him, burns his insides and stretches him even further. What pleasure he can derive from it is also laced in pain, and Steve cries out from it.
Tony turns, pouring out milk into the pot and setting it to boil. “Sometimes simple is good too.” He says, plucking out a knife from the drawers.
“It’s alright. You’re alive.” Steve whispers, stroking Tony’s arm as the alpha takes his hand and just cries. Steve holds him, let’s Tony smell and feel him, as a memory and something solid, as sure as anything.
are not going anywhere.” Tony commands, placing an insistent hand on Steve's chest. For a sickening second, Steve plays with the idea of pushing Tony aside, it would have easy to push past the Alpha and head for the door. Break away from this pretend safety that Tony says he has. Steve's not safe, he's never safe, not when there are people who can easily lock him up, keep him contained.
It doesn’t work quite as well without makeup and a bit of paint on his lips, but he can smell the immediate reaction. Aroused Alpha, Tony’s scent suddenly stronger by two-fold, spiced and deep. It excites him, his senses tingling with this new found power, watches Tony’s eyes go a hint darker.
It’s noisy, kids running around the corridor, laughing and yelling, Steve’s never been around this many other children before. A few of the boys stop and stare, nudging one another and pointing at him. Nervous tension creeps up and he holds Sister Catherine’s a little tighter as they walk past.
All that is left is Clint’s face, a feature Steve purposefully left for last. He has a plethora of memories of Clint from the times they’ve been together and uses it as reference for the way his hair droops and rises. He let the shadows do most of the work, with just enough highlights to simulate strands of hair. But the face…
Clint stays quiet for a bit, curls into Steve’s chest a little more, or as much as he can. Back in the day, a man like Clint could have easily passed as a Beta, or even an Alpha, there was a different standard of beauty, Omegas didn’t build muscle, they were lean, almost fragile little creatures that Alphas could love and protect.
“Not meaning to pry but actually prying but why are you dressed like this?” Tony touches the material of Stevos’s clothes. They looked oddly militaristic, and definitely not what Tony would think a god would normally wear. It feels strange, like a mix of soft cloth and durable leather, cool to the touch but sturdy.
“I did kiss him after when Bucky finally let him go. All I thought was what a poor guy, messing with a couple of punks from Brooklyn, didn’t even think it through.” Steve sighs out, it’s happy and relieved.
.” Stevos replies sharply, but already appears to be giving up. “To seek Death is not bravery. You might escape it today but Death looms on the horizon of every fool who thinks they can defy him.”
“Okay, and the contract...?” They'd asked some... peculiar details already, he just didn't know how much more preference they needed.
“Oh my god, you’re the best.” Tony says after draining half of the cup in one gulp, which Steve thinks is amazing considering the coffee was still steaming hot.
“That’s my sweet boy, that’s my little baby boy. Always so good.” She whispers as she takes him into another embrace. He latches on, feels the warmth radiate from her body, wishes that this moment could last forever.
It made sense that they’d be concerned since Steve hasn’t really had the time to find an Alpha. He’s trying to remain optimistic, and believe that S.H.I.E.L.D. wouldn’t just pair him off with an Alpha of their choosing. Steve sighs and rubs his eyes wearily, taking to staring at the floor.
Tonight, they’re getting smashed in a bar, or rather, Clint’s getting incredibly drunk while Steve feels like he’s overheating.
And while mating blocks still existed, they were no longer the Alpha-centric environment he had known, but a more mutual place where Alphas in rut and Omegas in heat could help one another out to their benefit, or at least most of them were.
“Oh, hey!” Tony says all cheerful, putting down the tablet that he was busy with just a moment ago. “Glad you could make it.” Like this was all a big joke. “Rhodey give you the grand tour?”
On a side note, I'm working on a one shot that not related to this fic but also features Stony in an ABO setting. I dunno when it will be done, because I'm not yet a hundred percent sure about where I want it to go, but I'm working on it nonetheless.
"Still colluding with my AI I see." Tony shakes his head, smiling all the same. "But really, you didn't have to go through the trouble."
“Yeah, I know.” Irritation still in the front of his emotions but Tony can’t deny that he got a little hot when Stevos was touching him. And of course, Stevos acts like he doesn’t even notice the way Tony’s dick is starting to get attentive. Politeness, maybe.
It’s too much. Tony’s hand turns rough on his cock, wringing out pleasure until he spits out pre-cum, dribbling from his slit. He feels so empty, yet he knows he’s on the edge of coming, chasing at the pleasure that’s just out of reach, eyes squeezed shut as he moans obscenely.
it is you wanna prove. You wanna go around fucking Alphas, y’just make sure you clean your boots before you come back, don’t need snow tracks all over the floor for someone to slip on.”
“Safe.” He shakes his head, grits his teeth as a fresh wave of shivers wrack his body. “It’s stupid. I don’t even know what I wanted.” It was better that Tony had grounded him, kept him in place. Who knows what he might have done if he’d actually been left on his own.
Tony smirks at his opponent, who meekly sits back down. He turns his attention to the Omega, who’s also looking at him, something indescribable in his gaze, some mix of disbelief, pride and something else there.
He really shouldn’t be surprised when he’s gently placed on the bed, Egyptian cotton and memory foam, barely used as little more than a decoration piece. What does surprise him is when Stevos starts divesting him of his clothes.
“Very well.” But even Stevos is breathless now, hovering on top of Tony as he lines up his cock and pushes.
Tony comes with the thought of Stevos fucking him right then and there, vision whiting out by the intensity of his orgasm. It’s not like he hasn’t thought about it before, but now there’s a real chance of it happening and he just blew his load from it.
and melts in his seat. “Production no. 1. Literally the first phone off the line, or the prototype for every other Starkphone out there. This has got to be worth a hundred thousand, at least.”
The pair glanced at one another, and then one of them nods, and walks off, leaving only one by the door.
. Like all the others, he’s naked from head to toe, not an inch of cloth to hide his form, and, Tony thinks, for good reason. He, because the Omega is a
Becoming restless for days while they wait for news, not sure if their runner’s lost or dead. Laying still on their bellies for hours when an entire unit gets on top of them, praying to God above that they don’t spot the hastily hidden supplies in the bushes. When they couldn’t light a fire to stay warm at night, else risk getting spotted by the enemy.
No comments for this chapter, just a friendly reminder that this fic is rated explicit and thus, some topics might be distasteful to some, not just in past chapter but also in chapters coming along.
Now there was a new bud of arousal, slow-formed at the idea that Tony wanted him in return. The way those clever fingers touched his body, skating through his nipples and onto his cock. The way Tony had tugged at his erection and that had placed him dangerously close, to the point of moaning. That half-formed smile when Steve does come, Steve too dizzy to fully understand what that smile had meant.
“Don’t give me that.” He says, shuffling through the back seat and placing a coat on Steve’s lap. “Here. Put this on. We’re going to be spending a lot of time with each other, the least you could do is act friendly for the price I paid.”
“I had calculated that the chance of his return had been at zero point twenty five percent after the first thirty days. He had amassed one thousand four hundred ninety-two messages during that period.” There’s a certain gravity to JARVIS’s tone, and not for the first time, Steve wonders where he’d learn to speak. Intonation, inflections, even if Steve could not see JARVIS, he could tell that the AI would have looked at him with downcast eyes. “I had-” Again, there was hesitation. “Mr. Stark’s search had been fruitless after the first month, and when it became clear that the authorities were not catching wind of his captors, I took it upon myself to further the search. Every satellite I could upload myself into, I did. I scoured through radio scans and live feed, any sort of link that could point to Sir’s whereabouts. Then it was a matter of convincing Colonel Rhodes to follow the coordinates out in the desert to find him.” At that JARVIS sounds tired, relieving an old memory.
“You don’t have to come with me. It would probably be boring to you anyway. Have your own time off, spend time with your friends. Natasha?”
Tony sits there with the same concerned, patient expression. Just waiting (on him?) for any indication from Steve.
“No problem.” The other blonde grunts, his scent still bitter. “We Omegas gotta stick together. If they tried to pull their Alpha-Omega traditionalist bullshit on me, I’d have a knife to her throat. I mean, Nat’s hot and all, but I’m no one’s fuck toy.”
“First of all. This baby is fitted with Starktech security, biometric scanners that can read a 3D object
Tony stares at him when he releases him, a soft smile, a shake of his head. “You always surprise me.”
“Did you actually do it?” Tony prods his arm, something knowing in his look though he says nothing else. “Kiss dad?”
“Or similar. Sometimes we walk with mortals when we can, watch what the world has become and intervene where we see fit.”
“Bigger than any Omega I know.” Steve can feel the wink being thrown at him without even looking. He shoves his shoulder into Tony’s ribs and feels satisfaction at the choke.
Just like that, Tony shrugs it off and heads for exit. Hesitantly, Steve places the copy of his shield onto a bare space and follows suit.
Anyway, hopefully I can get back on schedule this week. Enjoy some smut. Actual story progression will continue next chapter.
"I know. I just had to put it out there. Or else I thought I would go crazy if I didn't tell you. And-" Tony goes wide-eyed. "You thought I wanted to get married
“Fathers are often harsh on their children, especially if they are their only child.” Stevos nods with understanding. “He must have seen so much of him in you, when you were younger.”
It’s a slow dance after that, Tony exploring, or rather re-exploring Stevos’s body. It’s nice to know that all his spots have remained unchanged, except there are parts that Tony likes a little better now.
Clint looks like he’s about to protest (say something nasty) but then Natasha hit him on the shoulder and that gets him quiet.
He jets back home after another round of insistent questioning from Rhodey, mostly his friend wanted to make sure he was alright but Tony isn’t known for straight answers when it came to his health. It didn’t help that Rhodey still doesn’t know about how he almost killed himself with palladium poisoning, and then prevented it with his dad’s notes from years ago. That story would have to come after a round of stiff drinks.
God, Steve doesn’t know if he should be allowed. His heat is over, for all intents and purposes, Tony doesn’t have to put up with him anymore. A small part of him squirms in shame of his initial assumption of the man.
Carefully, he takes Tony into his arms, a gentle pull towards his body as he nestles himself within Tony’s space, takes the simmer of scent beneath Tony’s skins and enfolds himself in it. Touch is a language Omega’s instinctively know. A tap, a brush, a sweep, it could be as simple as that, and yet could mean something more than words could ever tell.
Wasting no time as skin is finally bared for him, Steve pounces on him and trails kisses on Tony’s chest, tracing his tongue to every contour he comes across.
“I get that reference, but yes, very close. I need you to believe that I am as real as can be, think of me from time to time, keep me in your memories and live by what I stand for.” Stevos says earnestly. “In return, I shall lend you my strength should you need it. I do not need your answer now, but I will know when you accept it in your heart.”
“JARVIS is reading the outputs. Alerts my nurse if anything changes.” Tony offers, in answer to Steve’s stares, directing Steve’s look to Tony’s face. He looks tired, older somehow, shoulders drooping, eyes just the slightest glazed over.
"Joined the Army at the age of twenty-one, was recruited by one Abraham Erksine for Project Rebirth. And with the help of Howard Stark, became the only known survivor of that strain of super-soldier serum."
“Push to start?” Alright, he understood half of what Tony had been saying about the bike, some better than most, but that was the most confusing phrase he has heard yet.
“Quit it, ya punk. I’m trying to repay you for all these years for fucks sake.” Steve drolls, tongue heavy from fever but he pushes forward anyway. “Money’s under the bed, wrapped up neat. It’ll get ya food for a month at least if you spend it right. Enough for you to find a better job than the docks.”
“Don’t.” Is all Stevos deems worthy to say, before he presses his tongue into Tony’s mouth, hard and bruising.
’ tone (Natasha’s assessment, not his) and Omega antics (Also Natasha’s assessment) to bring attention to himself instead.
His Ma places a finger under his chin, and slowly brings them up, her usual bright blue eyes watered down with tears.
Most of his time is spent going through medical exams. It's one thing or another, they test for anything imaginable. He is asked to do a multitude of things, most of them physical. A doctor tells him that they want to test how much the serum had changed him and they wanted base parameters of his strength and speed. He doesn't tell them that he used to be sick a lot, barely able to get out of bed if the weather so much as looked south, and everything he does now would have been unimaginable growing up. Instead, he smiles tightly and lets them stick little electrodes on his body as they put him to work.
“This is… A lot for me take in.” Steve admits, not to mention Tony was being distracting on how he was touching his body.
“Lost you again, Cap. Was it the triad? Everyone crowding around us? Want something to drink? Maybe we should leave-”
It had worked for a while, he could almost feels those huge fingers working his thin thighs, forcing him down by the neck and kept his ass high in the air to fuck over and over. He’d whimper, and the Alpha would like it, a piston of hips while he struggled underneath, knobby hands grasping onto cum-stained bed sheets.
Bright, very intelligent, brown eyes look at him with odd delight, his lips crooked in a small smile. Unlike the haughty inspection from Cara, this one makes him feel a little bit accepted,
He doesn’t know if he should be angry or passive with how he’s so quickly passed around. Except, judging with how closely Frank keeps to his side, he’s not sure it’s that simple.
“Is this the part where you tell me you’ve been gay all along, we exchange our vows of love and then kiss passionately?”
“Okay so. When you're a computer programmer, code doesn’t work for shit and you don’t know why that is because no matter people say we aren’t one with the matrix and we make mistakes too despite the number of things we say. And yes, that’s
Clint only pukes once that night, and then curls up in Steve’s bed instead of his own when Steve had been busy cleaning up the mess in the toilet.
with weapons manufacturing, but it’s something those bastards don’t understand. We are not giving into them, even if they threaten to take the Iron Man again.”
"There was this guy, when I got kidnapped in Afghanistan. He saved my life, totally fucked me over with the arc reactor but he worked with what he had. He should have been the stopping point. He died, because
He plucks up his courage, no point in backing down now, grabs his coat and heads out into the night.
He remembers it, with bruises down his side and thighs, but a bag full of food in his hand, enough for a couple of days if they froze some of it out on the porch. Setting the table and waiting for Bucky to get back, greeting him by the table with their portions set, a candle he’d dug around for and stuck to the table.
Special thanks to the three people I'm rping with, ya'll delayed this chapter. lmaojkjk. But seriously, you guys are awesome.
experience, and they fork over a good amount of money if an Omega is available for it. That extra goes to paying for the medicine and to you of course, should you agree.”
“Space program.” And then Tony pauses, and shakes his head. “Space talk later. Anyway, I’ve said a lot already. Bottom line. The shield was a joke, but now it’s this grand symbol of hope, dreams and patriotism, when it isn’t. It’s why Wakanda is never credited for it, it’s probably incredibly embarrassing to be shut down like that but it became important anyway. It didn’t even come
engineer. He says all that and then gives me this real…” Steve stops to try and find a word. “A real
And it’s to no surprise that he meets face to face with an agent, albeit someone he’s never met before.
Stevos's pale skin marks easily, turns a harsh shade of red from his bite, indents of his teeth give him that strange euphoria of domination. He sucks another bruise into Stevos’s skin, licks at the flesh in mock apology.
“It’s okay.” Bucky says quietly, hand catching on Steve’s shoulder to quiet him. “It’s what you like. It’s how you are. You never gotta change for me, Stevie.” Is sad, ironic with the smile on Bucky’s lips, bitterness so evident.
It should be easy to fall right back. Stevos should be mad at him. Tony shouldn’t be so desperate for Stevos. But it works.
. And I need you beside me. You're always so good at seeing something I've missed, a fresh perspective. I love that about you. You always make things better." Tony smiles.
“You, however, still had the will to live, and I thought it a shame to let all that courage go to waste. You aim to change the world, perhaps you can do so, perhaps you cannot, but I believe you deserve a chance to try, Anthony Stark.”
He thinks they’re brave to want to go with strangers, whereas he gets out of the way when a couple come by to adopt. He doesn’t like the idea of people staring at him.
Tony had obviously taken a shower, hair looking damp and the smell of soap were dead giveaways, not to mention he lacked the sweat and grease.
Steve runs on his instincts, and bundles Clint up in his arms takes him to bed when he’s like this. In hushed tones, he coaxes Clint to moving, murmurs encouragement as they slowly move to the bed where Steve can tuck them in and wait it out 'til morning.
It isn’t long before Tony is babbling, begging for attention to his cock. He’s so hard that it hurts, his balls straining for release, and the god has barely touched him.
“Just being polite. Happily taken over here. I did get an eyeful last night. Makes an Alpha get self-conscious, y’know? Better hit the gym later to work out all my anxiety after all that.”
His understanding of tonight’s events are vague at best but… Abraham is gone now. He fights back a sob but it comes loose, gurgling in his throat and bubbling right through his mouth as the sound melds together with the drops of water hitting the floor. He pauses for a moment, hand on the cold tile wall for support, shivers that have nothing to do with the cold water, as he freezes up and let’s the sob work it’s way through his system.
And then, one of them rounds the corners and spots him, gun held up and pointed at Tony. The first few shots ricochet off the suit’s metal chest, but one bullet lodges itself in Tony’s leg.
When Tony seems to be content with his inspection, he settles back, looking a lot more relaxed than he had been.
Solid dark wood, or at least the exterior had that finish to it, and then dark glass that made the cabin look sleek and metallic, still square and almost chilling at sight.
“It’s not that hard to assume.” Steve bristles. “Why else would you come looking? I saw you hanging around the Pharmacy, taping your foot out and waiting-”
Clint doesn’t make a fuss, motions to Steve’s hands, just half-punches his pillow into order and falls in for the long night. “Just whatever you need to say, Cap, I’m a big boy, I can handle it.” Which is just as reminiscent of that night, his eyes a less miserable than they had been.
Steve goes willingly, allows Tony to position him as he pleases, strong hands guiding him to face away from Tony.
Except his cock is still fully hard, probably has been ever since he’d sniffed out that Alpha. Tony, his mind supplies. Dark hair, dark eyes, and a strange Alpha to be sure, though Steve can’t put his finger on why. He doesn’t want to think too much on it, firmly focused on washing himself.
“Treat them with tenderness, son. And they’ll show you the same affection.” And it must be something hardwired in Steve, that when Ed offers his hand to pet Steve’s cheek, Steve leans into it without a word, the soft palm of the Alpha warm on his exhausted skin.
“Stay still.” He commands. He pries the bullet out from Tony’s leg. Tony does nothing to muffle his scream, only screws his eyes shut when the pain becomes unbearable. It’s a short affair, but hurts like hell, in no time, Stevos is bandaging his leg.
“Anthony.” Stevos breathes, head thrown back as Tony grazes teeth on the god’s neck, picks a spot and bites down hard as he squeezes on those globs of flesh.
It should be humiliating then, to be swept off his feet, whisked up by the god in what he knows is the way to the bedroom. But he doesn’t care much for it, holds onto Stevos like he’s afraid to let him go, presses his lips to each bit of skin he can.
From there, he can kiss Stevos’s back, make it all the way up to his spine, and settle his chin on the god’s shoulder, panting right on the god’s ear.
say something about not being a virgin.” Tony says thoughtfully. He dips his hand onto Steve’s back, massaging the little spot between his shoulder blades with nimble fingers, the spot he knows would have Steve moaning within seconds.
“To be fair, he passed out an hour later when we hauled him back to base, fell asleep right on his cot the moment Dumdum stopped rifling through his jacket for a cigar.”
Steve refuses to admit that his heart flutters. “For my benefit or yours? I ain’t an easy fella, people might get the wrong idea.”
believe I have to sit through this roast. Feels like I’m in highschool all over again.” Clint glares (pouts) at Natasha as she takes a fistful of popcorn from his bowl.
Steve pauses, and then continues, trying to brush it off. “It was nothing, the spear was influencing us, just as Loki had planned right from the beginning. He’s a real trickster.”
With some effort, he gets Clint to walk with him out of the bar, towards the sidewalk where his bike is parked. Course, Clint is muttering nonsense into his ear, to which he nods and entertains, keeps the conversation going so that Clint doesn’t fall asleep on him. The ride back shouldn’t take too long, they’re only a few blocks away, and he should be able to get them back before Clint nods off.
I missed a week, again. :(Just busy at work, so I put in some extra time on this particular chapter instead.
“If it is alright, might you see to Sir at meeting room A. He is having difficulty with returning to his room.”
“I gave you the choice after.” Stevos rolls his eyes, clearly reading the way Tony wanted to argue. “If you had rejected me, I am sure Loki would have returned to persuade you.”
It’s a strong desire to see Tony truly relaxed. He wants to see what peace looks like on Tony. What happiness might look like on his already handsome face. He wants to see Tony smile, without the weight of the world on his shoulders.
“No clue, sir.” He answers, standing at parade rest, his hands behind his back as he looks as blankly as he can at Fury.
Cock spitting out pre-cum, he leaves the dildo to it’s work and takes himself in hand, stroking his hard cock with a shaky hand. He rubs the head viciously, slathering slick and cum all over his hand as he arches into his own grasp.
“My pleasure, Captain.” He can almost feel the smile in the AI’S voice. “Ah.” Comes the sound of surprise, and then almost uncertainty. “Sir has awoken. Would you like to speak with him?”
And the fucking god actually pulls away, parts Tony’s cheeks to watch his fingers slowly slide in and out of Tony’s ass. His other hand massages Tony’s thigh, and it sends shivers down his spine.
“Because I’ve been stopping myself from having you.” Tony actually laughs, dark and sinister, a flicker over Steve’s body that alludes to just what he’s thinking. There’s a hand on his chest, demanding as it squeezing a pec, ghosting over a nipple that has Steve squirming. “If it had been up to me. Oh Steve, you don’t want to know what I’ve been thinking. The morning, the end of your heat? If I had had my way? I would have brought you along to Stark Industries, kept you seated on my lap during that meeting with the General. I’d play with your nipples right in front of them.” He punctuates with a firm pinch to Steve’s tit, holding the bud between two fingers and twisting.
He’d already had some help with the technology of the twenty-first century, mostly with cellphones and wifi. Some poor low-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent spent the better part of his hour explaining to Steve about how he could 'connect’ to the internet, and assess a database of information to read for his perusal.
“What’s going on here?” Ernie, his co-worker, says as he comes back from a quick smoke out back. “This guy bothering you, Steve?” Ernie frowns.
Phil isn’t daunted by the task, if anything he looks happy to be of assistance. Steve is secretly happy that the psychiatrists were nosey as they were, at least he only had to go through
An intake of breath, ragged. “Why wouldn't I be?" But the smile falters, a twitch of the eye, the rustling of limbs underneath the blanket. "What did they tell you?" Suddenly guarded. Jittery.
Stevos smiles at him, even if he looks tired doing so, brushes a palm on Tony’s cheek, an expression so soft that it hurts Tony’s heart just by looking at him.
His body is maneuvered and then there’s a cock shoved in his face so he takes it into his mouth, lathering it with saliva and tongue, swallowing as much as he can as he listens into the delightful sounds his Alpha is making. There’s a hand on his head that pets him, massaging his scalp as he sucks dutifully.
“Sounds like a great guy. You miss him, don’t you.” It wasn’t a question, just an observation, that makes Steve’s breath catch in his throat.  He’s avoided this, talking in detail, because the memories seep in and it gets harder and harder to pull out of them. He talks in general terms with psychiatrists, who have all but given up on getting him to open up and cleared him off for missions anyway.
It’s only a few short minutes of being kept on a knot, but Steve slumps on the bed, closes his eyes. The shame of being knotted sits tight in his chest.
“Good.” Steve grinds out, throat working to growl out the words. Tony looks surprised by the word, looking at him with wide-eyes.
Steve’s mind rises to attention when they reach the gated premises of the Stark Premises. Happy gets out of the car first to get his bag from the trunk, Steve standing and surveying the premises. The house is nothing like he’d seen before (Modern?), but the outside is a garden no matter how he looked at it. Setting sun against it, the house is almost ethereal.
They didn’t speak for a couple of days after that, but Steve was finally well enough to try and find a job, did get one at a pharmacy as an assistant clerk on the count of his writing and mathematics, and that went on for a while. But he’d never forget the clear disgust that had been on Bucky’s face.
"Isn't that too soon?" Steve said, a bit annoyed. He knew that the Alpha was an impatient one but it was no good if he hurt himself even more.
Later, when Steve returns to his room, he scrounges around for whatever other scraps he might find of Tony Stark. The enigma of the man, the distrust and closed eyes that no regular civilian should know.
"A little." Tony says with hesitancy, eyes dropping to his blankets. "The drugs. They. They you know. Mess my thoughts."
It’s vastly different from his earlier encounter in the blocks, when the Alpha had simply commanded him to remove his clothes and the Alpha had gone on to touching him like he owned him.
He remembers it. One day, when his legs don’t feel like they’ll crumple from underneath him from fever, and Bucky was out working, he slipped out of their little home and went to the mating blocks, cos no matter how bad things were, there were always gonna be some Alphas who wanted to get their rocks off.
"Do you have that on your clipboard too? That I was rejected by the army three times before I was allowed to enlist?"
Stevos comes to visit later that night, holds him in his arms, tells him everything will be alright.
Tony closes the space between them and, for once, looks down on the god. Eyes still bluer than blue, no less charming when seen from below, they carry a blaze of defiance, almost daring. Tony isn’t so stupid as to rise to the bait, but he thinks it must be part of Stevos’s charm. Instead, he focuses back on the dark threads from his chest, draws a finger to trace over the lines of Stevos’s chest.
And he can sort of feel it, the watch almost shudders to life, feels like it’s suddenly buzzing with unknown energy on his wrist.
he must mean the near meta-human that was Aldrich Killian. Steve had read up enough. “Hurt his arm though, must've been broken in three places right after his tussle with the lava guy, or even before that. Limping cross country on top of it all." The man growls.
“You are a man of great intellect, no doubt you will always questions, some I may not be able to answer but I will tell you as much as I can. A god is only as powerful as the number of their followers. I am sure you are familiar with Hephaestus?”
Happy with the fresh hickey on Steve’s neck, Tony repositions himself, his legs on either sides of Steve’s body. He rams his cock into Steve’s loosened hole, wrenching a torn howl as all Steve can do is hang on for the ride.
“High-level Omegas are generally top bitches, has the better gene pool, they know their place in a pack, produce the most pheromones which means they smell way way better to Alphas and Betas alike, and can have Heats for five to seven days, as compared to low-level Omegas who only Heat for one to two.”
And then white hot rage that they would even think of Tony that way. Tony, who has been nothing but nice and pleasant to everyone, even when Steve can tell he isn’t exactly happy with a person. The slight tang in the air, the momentary frown on Tony’s lips before he turns it into a smile, the tired look in his eyes when they leave them be. The way he moves just the slightest bit towards Steve whenever they’re approached, whether to be a comforting presence or just make sure that no Alpha would get the wrong idea, Steve’s not sure but he appreciates it very much.
“Yeah.” Is all he can say, and it comes out as a rasp. Mentally, he seeks Tony’s presence for support, just a lean to his direction, head turned to focus on Tony. “They. Y’know
“Oh, he worries too much. Always has. Has this weird idea that I might blow myself up if he isn’t looking. Me? Blow myself up? As if, right?” Steve can hear rustling cloth in the background, as if Tony was nestling sheets around him. Makes him want to be there, right next to Tony.
Tony snorts, even that seems to cause him pain. “Yep, of course. My name in papers, big flashing light? It’s what I live for. Ironman saved the day agai- ow.” Tony flinches as he tries to push himself up, only to have Steve press him down before he starts bleeding again.
Ed’s hold is firm on his hips however, not letting squirm out of his grip, a final push to make sure his knot takes and seals them together with it. Steve panics, squeals and gasps out, fists curling in the sheets. “That’s it, that’s it, sshh, I’ve got ya.” Ed soothes, presses his palm between Steve’s shoulder blades to keep him down.
Tony gets it. The Greeks and Romans must have caught a glimpse of the gods, tried their best capture their beauty in marble. He would too, if he was given just an ounce of artistic talent.
If anything, the Alpha is efficient. There are fingers quickly lining up to his hole, gathered with his own slick. The first thrust is three fingers right up his ass, makes Steve yelp and sob by the sudden pleasure of being filled. He’s wet, but still tight, maddening friction on his walls while Tony fucks him silly. By the time he feels like his body is starting to loosen, there’s suddenly a hand on his cock, quickly jerking him off.
at him and closes the door behind him, leaving Steve in the room by himself, laid on the bed as he tries to understand what had just happened.
“You know, re-organizing Stark Industries from bottom up. Keeps a man busy, along with my superhero gig. I haven't had the time to fix my schedule, Cara.”
Ed grunts, thrusts into Steve just a little rougher. “Omegas are made for sex, son. You get yourself a nice Omega and you can enjoy them all the time.”
“Miss.” Hawkeye says as Steve takes his eye off the scope of the sniper rifle, squints and then takes aim again.
They’d frozen when he mentioned wanting a cellphone, incredulous when everyone seemed to have one except him, but they eventually relented and given him one that he could use to call or text anyone he wanted. Which in all reality was just Clint and Natasha, on occasion Commander Fury and Agent Coulson, that was about the extent of his contact list.
Steve isn't sure how to answer that, remains silent and simply enjoys the closeness he feels with Tony during the moment.
Howard nods. “Obie and I will head off first. Stay behind and take care of your Omega.” And then Howard actually smiles at him, and nudges Obie. “A Stark through and through, eh?”
They drive back to their little headquarters, which is really just a old apartment turned AirBnB that Clint had nicknamed the ‘Love Shack’(He doesn’t get this reference). There’s not much in the apartment, most of their things are on their person, but there’s beds and warm water which was more than enough for them.
Tonight though, he feels the first vestiges of an ache, knows what that means and promptly asks JARVIS if he could bother Tony in the lab. This was why he was here in the first place. He’d rather tell Tony himself.
“Hmm.” She writes on her paper anyway. “Now. On the point of contraceptives.” She dots the paper and looks at him.
Sometimes he feels too hot and dizzy to leave his bed, and sometimes he feels too cold to do anything else but shiver under his blanket. Most of the time, he has a hard time breathing. His breath getting caught somewhere between his throat and lungs. His Ma says it’s called Asthma, and it means he can’t really run around too much like everyone else, so he has to be careful.
“Well then, I’m here to tell you that you haven’t tried all of them. Check Howard’s previous files. You might just find what you’re looking for.”
Stevos’s blue eyes twinkle with mischief, and then suddenly there are warm, hot, hands on Tony’s body, inquiring as they graze over his shoulders, arms, and finally his chest.
Steve blinks. Because yeah, a lot of people thinks he's younger than he is since he’s on the short side. He hopes that he gets taller someday. “M’not a kid. I-I just turned e-eight last July.” Steve mumbles. He’s not used to someone helping him, even George just stays away when James decides to make his day a bad one.
They couldn't afford being in hospitals. He was only ever in them when his mother couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. It hadn't even started out as a concept of money. He noticed, at five years old, that whenever they went to the doctors, his mother just looked sad. He didn't want her to be, felt awful whenever he was sick because it meant that it made his mother worry.
He already had a whiff of him, difficult when his own senses were stronger than others thanks to the serum but this is different. He’s suddenly overwhelmed by Tony’s scent.
Stevos catches the tumbler mid-throw, knelt to the ground, holding the container in one hand as he looks at Tony like a disapproving mother.
Steve gulps, trying to find more words but fails to clutch them in his mind. So instead he bares his neck, a general sign of submission, and acceptance. “Good. Alpha.” He breathes, watching for Tony’s response.
“They made you out to be a real hero for Omegas, Steve, didn’t anyone tell you?” Tony looks surprised, a hint of annoyance in his brow. “For a group that deals with intelligence, SHIELD is clearly lacking. Anyway, your death spurred millions into rethinking the Omega archetype.” Tony waves his hand enthusiastically, motioning in circles. “For so long, Omegas were seen as these frail things that had to be protected and cared for, bearers for the next generation, blah blah, but overall didn’t have much impact for the country or economy.”
He's on the plane again, fingers frozen to the controls. No matter how much he hard he pulls, his hands are stuck, he can't even pick up the radio to tell Peggy goodbye.
Stevos laughs. “No. Some are even more impressive, but most of us have quirks of our own. Mortals often have a habit of calling our squabbles petty, and I do have to agree.”
By the time he returns to the lab, Fury is already lecturing Tony about the security breach. They all find their way back, and Steve feels the first prickle of irritation and dissonance in the group. Until it swells and blows, and tension creeps up on them in waves. Thor makes it known that he doesn’t think much of Fury’s reasoning. It doesn’t help that Tony is goading Bruce Banner, nor the implication that Fury lays on the table. Tony turns his barbs to Steve, pushes and presses for his way until even Steve’s patience snaps.
“Beautiful.” He comes like that, too keyed up and aroused to hold off any further, with Tony’s fingers all the way in his ass and the constant pump on his cock even when he does, shooting all over his own chests, milked through his orgasm until his body feels buzzed and sated.
He’d only ever gone feral once before, also during his Heat when it hit him the hardest. It was momentary lapse of mind, forcing its victim into the most basic of senses, affecting both Alpha and Omega alike, usually triggered by some chemical reaction in the body of varying degree. Betas were saved from it, but only because they weren’t so affected by hormones.
Clint is quiet for a while. “Serum-enhanced senses. Probably how you knew I was Omega in the first place.” Clint grumbles, mostly to himself, frowns right into Steve’s chest. “There goes
“I’ll leave you two to get to know each other. Be nice to Steven, please George? Show him around tomorrow after breakfast, and introduce him to the other boys.”
“Ahh, damn, I’ve been found out.” Tony says in mock sigh, leaning back on his chair and then taking a sip from his chocolate.
It’s like a dance, one move into the next, not a motion wasted. With every step there is power, every swing of his shield there is precision, like a fine machine that only has one purpose. The men don’t stand a chance.
Slowly, Tony’s breathing evens out, the shudder in his breath dissipates, until Steve can hear Tony’s quickened heartbeat underneath the silence.
But Bucky isn’t having any of it. The hand that had loosely held his shoulder turned stiffer, draws him close, quiets him with a push of lips and hint of tongue.
“Too damn stubborn.” Steve hears amongst the Alpha’s incessant mutterings. “Told you. Already. Wanted to take it slow. For you.”
The water is getting closer and closer as the plane rattles in its descent, pitch black on the surface. When the nose of the plane finally hits the water's surface, he finds himself flung back by the impact, hands coming miraculously free. He's on his feet in seconds but the metal plane is sinking fast, water swirling around him.
He’s tired. All the time. From the pain, from the secrets, from failing over and over again. The arc reactor, though very efficient with energy, still requires the metal alloy and chemical components that the palladium exhibits. And while palladium works fine in a machine, it does not do well when it’s inside a human body. His body, in particular.
and tell me I can call you whenever, and it’s not like you actually said you’d come. You’re incredibly cryptic and mysterious about yourself. But you saunter in here and say ‘
By the time Tony painfully extricates himself from behind the suit, the camp is silent. Bodies strewn across the area, he spots Stevos with another man, this one dressed in a green and gold cloak. Tony picks his way through the debris, and overhears the tail end of their conversation.
“See, when you say it it sounds so damn innocent and wholesome.” Tony grumbles. “I’m too damn afraid that I’ll mess this up for you.”
It’s not Will, thank goodness. But a smaller Alpha, with glasses and a receeding hairline, with a coat that fitted his form well. They all sort of perk up, but remain in their seats. It wasn’t the first time Steve felt like he was being judged on looks alone, but the Alpha’s gaze flits towards each of them, and then clearly points at John.
He feels hollow without it, suddenly aware of the need and desperation he has managed to stave of with it. Steve moves in protest, chasing the withdrawing dildo and clenching his ass on the rubber.
He sweeps through his room, a last check before he tucks himself in for the night. Lingering hands on his sketchbook, he flips through the pages idly until he finds the sketch of Clint.
Another Omega within a Heating Omegas vicinity wasn’t a good practice. Normally, a Heating Omega was docile enough to a group of Alphas, but with another Omega it was different altogether. The intruding Omega could be seen as a threat to the Heating Omega, an encroaching presence trying to steal good mates from them.
When Tony returns to Steve, the Omega hasn’t moved an inch, but remains by the corner of the bed, sweat still beading his skin. “They’ll return your clothes.” Tony assures, catching Steve’s attention. “If there’s anything missing, tell me immediately. Does the drug make it hard to speak?”
“Tell me about him.” Tony says suddenly, an expectant look before he realizes what he’s said but there a stubbornness there anyway, not wanting to take it back.
Loki, flicks his eyes at Tony, and only seems to smile, though there is something sinister that sends a chill to Tony’s spine just by that look.
Tony stares back at him, an amused smile on his face, which jolts Steve back into the present. He refuses to think that he’s blushing and shifts his gaze to the machine.
Steve did a few searches on them, and lately, it looked like they’d been slowly 'getting back together’, or so the media placed it. With the construction of Stark Tower, they seemed to be spending more and more time with one another. And Steve couldn’t deny that they just looked
“And fuck, okay, I get it. Where you probably misunderstood me, because like I said, I’m an actual asshole who can’t get his head on straight for forever, barring minor pockets of time where maybe I might think I’ve done something good but then it all comes crashing down in a heap.”
So this is like a half-chapter, since I didn't have as much time to write this week because of another fic I'm doing (It's also Stony if anyone wants to check it out), and also because I have to rewatch a few movies for reference, so I present this bonus chapter instead.
“It was okay I guess, but he was shit at aftercare plus it was almost like he was praising himself for my orgasms. As if nature didn’t do a helluva job already.”
The frustration and nervousness ramps up, until one day, he’s yelling at his psychiatrist, his chest shaking as words spew from his mouth, his fears, his confessions. Even
Steve latches onto that memory, the way Tony’s mouth swallowed him, the sight of his cock disappearing into the Alpha’s mouth has him fully hard in an instant. He spreads his legs and fucks into his fist in earnest, all the while imagining Tony take his cock, remembering that delicious warm heat and the flick of tongue, vicious sucking that had Steve on the verge of whiting out.
Mostly it’s punching bags that take the brunt of his fists, but there’s more than one hole in his wall that can attest to his roughhousing.
By dinner time, he checks to see if Tony is in his lab and brings him some food if the man refuses to surface from his work. Then it was back to reading and lounging until it was time to sleep.
are you doing to my shield?” Steve says, tone noticeably much more worried now that Tony has involved a power tool.
The flight had been over before he knew it, and he’d tucked the sketchbook under his arm, determined not to lose it.
The door opens for them automatically. It occurs to Steve that this is his first time inside Tony’s room, and tries not to look at anything too personal. It’s a bigger room than his, surprisingly void of any
“Every damn thought was how to carry out orders. I knew exactly how to do it too, because I wanted to do it myself. Grab some shit. Done. Get some info. Done. Disable the helicarrier. Knew exactly how to do it.”
Twenty-Five percent of this chapter wasn't suppose to be here, namely the beginning and end of this chapter, but I thought it'd be a nice addition to it anyway.
Tony’s overtaken by the urge to get closer to the scent. The room is much too large, Tony thinks, because he can’t
“Tony.” He breathes out, and the Alpha’s eyes snap to his, darker than they had been. “I’m suppose to take you to your room. Will you let me?”
Raza has too many men, and he likes to think that he’s caused enough damage to ensure they they will shoot to kill. But it’s not enough, he knows there are more people like them, who will get their hands on his weapons and use them however they like in their thirst for power.
“Keep it on.” The tone is commanding, and Steve has half a mind to keep getting undressed anyway, but bites his lip and drops his arms, looks at the Alpha as blankly as he can. Then there’s another one, younger, definitely younger than himself, peering from behind.
Pants go next, and yet there’s nothing sexual about it, the clingy bottom half of his undersuit peeled away and folded properly. He's got briefs on, which saves both of them from his nakedness for the time being. Already he can see a darkening bruise on his calf. It doesn’t hurt yet but he knows it’ll be a bitch to deal with in the morning.
Shield down, he leaves it by his bedside once more, following the lights on the floor that Jarvis provides to make his way to the meeting room.
Words become hard for him. He isn’t really good at speaking to begin with, but it worsens in the orphanage.
It’s where he’d left it, in the little lockbox that their room had. Clint had told him that the box was a scam for most part, an easy way for would-be theives to know where exactly guests have stowed away their valuables. But Steve hadn’t wanted to bring his phone with him to the mission, feeling antsy about just leaving it around.
“Listen, okay? This ain’t me giving up, just being… Realistic. I’m half-delirious right now so give me a break, okay?” Steve stares right at Bucky. “I got some money, from the mating blocks-”
They stay like that for a while, until Tony gets sore from the position and Stevos moves him to the couch. He feels crumpled, battered and heavy, but oddly enough it feels like he’s been remade. The crying had been phase one, but he didn’t have much time, not enough to mope around like he’d been doing the past week.
Rhodey bundles him up and secures him in his seat, thankfully asks no more from Tony and look to him with such concern.
Tony doesn’t let Pepper know, she’s suspicious enough about the arc reactor ever since he’d had her replace it from his chest (again). She’s already up his ass for missing so many meetings at the company, but he can’t have an episode in front of them, not when he’s still trying to push for Stark Industries’s new image. Their stocks have been holding stable, especially when rumor has it that Tony Stark himself is working on the Stark Industries’s new product. But they’re still recovering from last year’s point drop since Tony had announced that they were no longer making weapons, and the death of Obadiah Stane.
“Had the time. Thought I might as well use it.” He answers back, clipped and impolite, but the blush on his face doesn’t go away. He blames it on the cold.
Tony’s cock presses into all the right places, somewhere deep and hungry where his own fingers could never reach. When Tony starts thrusting into him, he can hear the
He’s thankful that Col. Rhodes had made himself scarce after he’d left the room. Or maybe the man had assumed he would take longer with Tony, either way, he hadn’t seen hide nor hair of the man while he worked.
Steve gives him a withering look, eyes sallow through it. “Be reasonable, Buck. We both know that-” He coughs. “I wouldn’t have lasted this long if it weren’t for you. No, just listen.” Steve’s voice pitches as Bucky tries to argue, another bout of cough while Bucky keeps him close to his chest and Steve takes heavy gulps of breath to placate his lungs. “Just listen.” He stares hard at Bucky until he concedes with a shake of his head.
“It’s almost like you wanna die.” And God, that makes Steve close his eyes. His joints ache everyday, the pull of his lungs, the fear of a coughing fit finally doing him in. He’d rather go out on his own terms. “If you’d just let me call a doctor-”
"I told myself that I would wait for you." Tony continues. "And I thought I could wait, until however long you took. I would wait. But facing death again and again, it's made me think of all the lost time." Tony admits sadly, dropping his gaze. "I don't want to lose any more time. This is me being selfish and asking you to be mine, and all that entails."
The god turns his back to him, arms folden over his chest. Brooding. But when he turns around, there’s something wrong. Tony’s not sure. There’s a glisten to the god, something utterly wrong, like he’s made of ceramic than flesh. The way one feels when looking at a photoshopped image. There's something wrong, but you don’t know what until it’s pointed out. As it is, Stevos looks perfectly calm, were it not for the glisten Tony would have thought that he’d been forgiven.
“Return.” And then suddenly, the shield comes flying at him. If it weren’t for Tony’s instruction, he would have dived right out of the way. But as it is, he remains still, stiff with his arm still up. The shield goes straight for his wrist, he feels it connect to the face of the watch with a satisfying
“I go by many names, most lost to time.” Even his voice is perfect, a rich baritone. After so many months of listening to broken english, the sound of his American accent is like music to Tony’s ears. “But I was last known as Stevos, the minor god of courage and compassion.”
of what was happening. He wanted a cock in him (Tony’s cock preferably) and he wasn’t getting any. Tony chuckles at him, a flare of irritation alongside the lust he felt as he shot Tony a glare.
“Mhmm, just woke up, I’m on the good stuff. Doctor’s orders.” Tony hums into the call. “J says you’re coming over.”
Tony lets the pain and humiliation fall on him there. The fight is over, he can feel fucking sorry for himself for being so blind to the fact that his own godfather had hated his guts and had him killed. So wrapped up in himself that he failed to see the poison that had slowly corrupted the heart of Stark Industries.
“Maybe it would be better if you let Agent Coulson handle this. I’m sure he wouldn’t object.” She finishes coolly.
He thought he was becoming used to the Present, a hope that had been allowed to grow in what he now realizes is his own ignorance. He hadn’t… Questioned anything. Accepted the information and thought he could trust that people knew what they were talking about.
“You’re going to claim me, aren’t you?” Steve interrupts when he realizes where they are. Bedroom. Dark. Curtained. Private. Doesn’t smell quite as strongly of the Alpha but Steve notes the scent of new sheets and detergent.
So. I kinda lied. This is NOT the ending chapter, but instead there will be ONE MORE chapter after this before the series officially ends.
At this point, Steve grits his teeth, fights the imperative to cry, but his eyes are already blurry and his face heating up.
And that’s the question, wasn’t it? As much they’d been dancing around each other, the reason Bucky hasn’t settled with anyone yet, the reason Steve still comes back like a wet kitten every time. Waiting. Forever. On the precipice of something (anything).
“You ever do something you really don’t like, but you gotta cos you have to?” Clint asks, breaking the silence.
Tony looks at him, but his gaze is hard, seeing something Steve can’t. “My Mom was a low-level Omega, Dad was a mid-level Alpha. He’d always told me, ever since I was a kid, that I would be high-level Alpha.
Which made his 'awakening’ all the more suspicious. Fury would have known he’d gone to that baseball game. The dates themselves didn’t match up. Nor did the nurse in his room. Her clothes had been non-standard, his mother had been a nurse after all and he knew every speck of her uniform from top to bottom, his senses had blared in alarm at the wrongness of it.
What good is a private jet if you can’t fly it out whenever you want? Exactly. I’m texting Coulson that you’re taking the jet. ”
As always, thanks for all the kudos and comments. I'm still trying on my one shot but I just can't find the time for it. Oh well. Enjoy this chapter instead.
“And what will you do when you have two Alphas initiate a fight?” She asks, eyebrow cocked when he tells her what he wants to do. “Push them aside with that
He imagines this is what a vacation feels like, the sense of adventure and intrigue, enjoying the local scene as much a tourist would.
Steve does open his lips, sticks his tongue out for show, and Andrew smears the head of his cock over Steve’s tongue, moaning at the first feel of wetness. When his cock is all the way in Steve’s mouth, Andrew lets off a shudder, cupping Steve’s chin to keep him properly on his cock, earnest thrusts that make Steve squeeze his eyes.
“Then I leave you be. I mean you no harm, Anthony Stark, I shall leave if you find my presence distasteful.” Stevos gives him a kicked puppy look.
The Beta pauses, halfway through following Cara, nodding to them both. “It was nice to see you again, Tony. Cara has been looking forward to seeing you tonight, despite how she might act, I’ll set something up with your secretary, at the soonest possible convenience.” He adds formally, a lot more soft-spoken than Steve would have guessed a man of his size to be. “And I hope to see you again as well, Steve.”
“Tonight.” Tony says with finality, rolls his eyes, takes out his phone and begins walking out of the theatre. “Where should I have to transfer the money to get it done?”
It’s moments before Steve’s clothes are returned, the Omega unshackled from the bed, and he doesn’t utter any protest when Tony tells him to get dressed. Or maybe he can’t, Tony’s unsure of the drug’s properties but he can see how slowly Steve moves, like he’s afraid he might trip over his own two feet.
Hot breath in his ear, Steve shudders, a lick to his ear and soft whines from Tony. And that breaks him the most, because even like this, of course Tony would still ask for permission.
He sighs while he strokes him, spreading his legs to reach down further, rubbing up and down his shaft as it thickens with memory. The heat. More than a year has passed but it’s still largely arousing on Steve’s part. How many times had he clung to those moments to get off before he slept? An embarrassing amount of times, so much so that it’s become close to second nature to recall it.
The chain on his neck feels almost weightless in his daze, remarkably cool on Steve’s heated skin. Steve feels hot, too hot, like his insides were set on fire and a deep seated hunger that comes with his Heat. He whines and bucks under Tony’s hand, impatient as his body demands
Steve ends up staying with him until Pepper arrives, and then it’s a tearful reunion that he thinks he really shouldn’t be around for.
Steve tells her about his nightmares, the way he jolts awake almost every night, feeling cold and clammy, gasping for breath like it’s his last.
So even while he gets in bed, he already knows that it will be a while before he can actually fall asleep like this.
There’s a moan and the Alpha is kissing him again. But he realizes it a trick as the dildo slips right out. With a growl, he bites the offender’s lip, tasting blood as the Alpha retreats, and glares at him for denying him his pleasure.
"Your name is Steven Grant Rogers, correct?" Said the first psychiatrist that he had met, a clipboard on her lap.
But there’s a question on his mind from earlier, and he wonders if he should ask or keep quiet for now. They’d executed a successful mission, that was in no doubt, but the end had left a bitter taste in their mouth.
He flips the bacon on the pan, thoughtful. “The military could use that too. Setting up a base requires a generator for starters, a good power source for surveillance, computers and lights for our boys out there. You don’t have to modify it as weapon, it’d still be useful out in the field. The military gets its technology and you don’t have to give them a gun.”
Tony regards him, a smirk on his lips. “It wasn’t. Do you even know what it’s made of?” Challenging. Playful. Steve can’t help but be strung along.
Stevos’s narrow hips are a blessing, fitting his palms perfectly while he presses his cock inside him. He can still bottom all the way in, his balls pressed right to the skin of Stevos’s little ass as he fucks him slow and steady. He’s not sure, or maybe it’s the euphoria of the situation, but Stevos feels hotter, tighter around his cock, and all too enthusiastic about getting fucked.
“There. You see? Touch him as you’d like, he is made for your curiosity.” Steve moans softly, unconsciously presses back on those fingers. Then, another finger is added, but he can tell just by the way it feels that it is Ed that had added his own finger.
That has Tony thinking, turning towards the shield for something to do, tracing the perfect etch of the inner circle of the pattern.
He doesn’t look up at first, finishing a total for a couple who were going through their first child. Steve’s smile is ready and he hands over the receipt, when he catches the eye of the man behind the pair and he freezes.
“Of course he is, Andrew. He’s an Omega. They are very delicate creatures, my boy. It’s why I have to teach you first, before you try to find your own mate.” Ed affirms, and Steve has to stop the retort that’s on his tongue, and just slumps back. Just an hour, he thinks to himself. He can control himself for just an hour, right?
His own cock is hot and heavy on his stomach, already hard, the heat in his belly brought to a simmer when Tony adds in another finger and
Tony only shrugs, adjusts himself on the bed and props his head with a curled around, studying Steve.
“Ooh, what a polite one.” Cara purrs, her fingers roaming the arm of her date, eyes drinking in Steve. “Would you be persuaded to share him, Tony? Let me take him home for the night. I’ll be sure return him in one piece.”
His first thought is to get his sketchpad, but thinks better of it. There was no telling where his mind would, what details he might conjure. So instead, he goes for his phone.
It’s not long before he’s too impatient, yanks away the fingers and presses them right into Stevos’s hole in one sharp flick.
There’s confusion, and then it’s like a thought occurs to him. Stevos brings up his hands, sudden realization and shock before a frantic look at Tony, standing in surprise, pale cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
“Oh, of course.” The Beta says, doesn’t look at all bothered by how Tony had brushed him off. “There’s just the matter of payment and he’s all yours. Of course, I believe that an Alpha of your family won’t find it difficult to balance the finances.”
“We use scent blockers now, which makes it impossible for someone to know your orientation by smell alone.” He explains. “For a normal person anyway. I guess you’re far from normal.”
Steve, for the life of him, spaced off somewhere between chips and salt, but he understand that programming is difficult, enough. “So… You’re learning a new language, but then it’s all commands that the computer has to follow.” Gosh, he’s thankful that JARVIS seems to understand English just fine, he’s not quite sure how’d he be able to talk to him otherwise.
Clint’s scent turns electric charged. His usually smooth scent of breeze and wheat comes out almost burnt to Steve’s senses. “Underground. Mostly. It’s illegal but it sure as hell doesn’t stop a lot of people from getting their way.” Is a heavy inflection on people, enough that Steve has to wonder where Clint thinks he fits into the equation of ‘people’. “Hardcore traditionalist Alphas.” Clint grits out. “Who still think the Omegas are
They move and flow with Steve’s Heat, Tony fucking into Steve as his Heat peaks, sweaty and horny, and rest when it turns low. What precious moments they had was used for sleep, Steve would wake them both up, moaning and grinding against Tony, and the Alpha would respond in kind.
He freezes and turns. The Other Alpha, Brock, from last night standing there, eyeing him intensely. He hunches his shoulders, defensive, even while he scrapes off the last of the omelette from the pan and lays them out on the bread.
“So, Jasper. Like I was saying. I’m getting the Omega tonight. Be a dear and facilitate that would you?”
“Manners.” Steve chides, motioning with the shield, holding it to the side, just out of reach. Like bait for good behavior.
“Why would people do that?” The ride back their little apartment that has served as their base of operations is quiet, Steve hunched over where he sits in the back row, gut still churning from the scent and smells.
Bucky’s all over him in an instant, like he does when Steve comes back during his Heat, dragging him through the room, making him sit on the bed and check for his temperature.
Steve dutifully adds a spoon of marshmallows into his cup. They’re not quite as fluffy as he remembers them being, like little plastic pellets, in fact makes
He has to admire a man who would willingly sit himself down to this tedious and no doubt boring task for him. Steve has to remember to thank him for the slides when he meets him next.
He pulls off with a slurp, kisses the base of Tony with more teeth than necessary, nips just by the flaring knot and down his balls, twirls his tongue in mock play.
Somehow Steve believes him, no matter how weakly he might cling to that tendril. He allows the sense of comfort, the lie he tells himself, to trust Tony enough to catch him when he falls. New desperation flows freely, a feeling he hasn’t let through ever since he’d woken up in this new world, overwhelming as it run through him. A new found
“Woah, something really must have set you off today. Even I can smell all that repressed anger, and I’m used to Natasha.”
Tony. Tony, he thinks. He hadn’t been all there. Not earlier. He remembers being undressed. Being kept in a box. Being lathered and presented, but not much else. There’s a gap somewhere, of bright lights and blurred sounds, and then darkness. And then Tony.
“Steve.” Justin repeats. “Well Steve. I couldn’t but notice that you were with Tony Stark tonight. You wouldn’t happen to be his Omega, would you?” He asks with a smile that Steve feels would be more appropriate on a Hyena. It’s the most direct question he’s had all night.
Heat garbles everything else. Too hot, too cold, blurred yet sharply in focus when he wants it. There’s biting and scratching, Steve takes pleasure in making the Alpha growl, playful and manic in the way that he does during his heats, nips and claws at the Alpha as his cock strains between their bodies, the Alpha’s cock pounding inside of his, the sweet drag of friction that brings him closer and closer to the edge.
. High-ranking, if Tony were to guess. The Alpha stares at him, but he’s too far away for Tony to make out the details of his face. Tony takes it as a challenge anyway.
“Oh believe me, I know.” Tony pulls away, Steve only managing not to look disappointed by the withdrawn warmth. “This wasn’t how I planned to tell you. I wanted to court you a little first, take you places and give you things to show I was interested before telling you my intentions.” There’s that smile again, soft and kind.
“Mine.” Steve admits. “Had to live up to the name ‘Captain America’ after all. And I figured that painting something up like that would draw a lot of attention. The more attention there was on me, the less they’d be on my guys.”
Maybe it’s a little bit of instinct, or his own perversion. When Tony growls, a sure sign of his release, Steve opens his mouth. Tony comes all over his face, drips down his chin, follow the lines of his neck and gathers by his collarbones. Flecks land on his tongue, and he doesn’t even realizes that he licks his lips before he swallows what he gets. It’s a burst of bittersweetness, the taste of Tony still on his tongue, and it’s with morbid fascination when he watches Tony’s knot swell to full size, twitching right in front of him.
It’s been a year now. Children come and go, but Steve’s still here, his Ma still comes every Sunday and some kids take notice. He won’t get adopted, that’s for sure, but he still lives in the orphanage like everyone else. Steve doesn’t think it’s a problem.
“Whatever, I’m a shitty listener anyway. You’re better off talking to JARVIS than me for emotional output.”
They got through the afternoon with little incident, with a few new scratches from close calls. And while Steve’s cuts were gone by the end of training, Clint sported two new cuts on his leg.
He’s still naked, at contrast to the clothed Alpha, and Steve does blush at the thought and averts his eyes from the Alpha’s hot gaze.
“You come in with empty pockets, go out with a bit of padding and a little out of breath, what’s so different?” She laughs, clearly a regular around here if she feels so comfortable about it. A manicured hand is thrust in his direction, which he takes in good nature. “Starla.”
Steve knows they’ll both get in trouble if the nuns catch them, but it makes him feel better when Bucky’s around so he just keeps quiet about it.
Steve curls further into Tony’s chest, mulling over the words, feeling a warmth blossom in his chest that has nothing to do with his Heat. For the first time, he understood why Tony looked at him a certain way, he could finally put a name to that look.
Steve is vaguely aware that Tony’s arm is still around his hip, as is his own arm around Tony. With that leverage, Tony steers them into some seats by the far end of the room, quieter than the rest of the place.
There’s a poised moment where Tony blinks and stares at Steve, as if weighing the options that Brock has presented. “Uh, no. He stays.” A note of finality, eyes pointedly looking at Brock as if in challenge.
Tony’s back on the rooftop, stiff and resolute, except he’s got less clothes on and the smell of petrol didn’t stain the air. “And everyone else could have died if it wasn’t for me. Vanko wanted
“Minor god. And yes, I was alive during the greek settlement, as was my mother, Athena and my father, but lay to slumber during the roman conquest. The world has changed much since then.” He says almost sadly.
“You wanted a dog.” Steve chuckles into Tony’s neck, even as the man struggles in his grasp. The sketchbook is quickly tucked away, lest it be kicked and crumpled by a squirmy Stark.
Tony steps back. There’s a new slate of metal attached to the back of the shield, thin, but Steve could make out the edges where it justone from the otherwise smooth curve.
Jasper doesn’t even look affected. “We’ve given him a little something you see. Nothing to worry about, it’s not dangerous. Just a little aphrodisiac for Omegas that make them more agreeable to Alphas.” Jasper smiles.
“Dummy can go stuff himself in his charging bay if he treads on my toes one more time.” Tony sneers, throwing himself back onto the couch.
“Is it okay? Oh god, did I overstep? You mentioned wanting a house, but you can’t exactly own a house if you don’t have proper identification, so y’know, I remedied that. SHIELD probably has a similar setup for you, but this is guaranteed clean work, JARVIS double-checked everything, even if you get a ticket for speeding, it wouldn’t be so much as a blip on the system. Not that I doubt your driving skills, but the last thing you probably drove was a tank in the forties. So y’know, a bit touch and go, you might want to take driving lessons. There’s also a credit card, linked up to a legit bank account that can siphon money from your trust fund. Do you even know how to use a credit card? Okay so they’re plastic card that have magnetic strips on them with data on them, you can use it like money so long as the store has a terminal-”
His tablet was still being monitored by S.H.I.E.L.D. (He didn't bother asking for an explanation, afraid it would take up another hour) but it was for his own good, he was promised.
Steve all but throws the note back on the desk and curls up in the sheets, embarrassed. It was one thing to rely on Tony for his Heat, and another altogether to be given a
He hunches lower, looking up at Tony through fluttering lashes, a pout on his lips as he tries to look as small as possible. (Omega whiles, he can almost hear Natasha whisper) It’s difficult after the serum, but some things he can never unlearn. He never liked attention, preferring the solidarity of a book than a person, so he’d learned how to stay quiet and go unnoticed.
“Humble as ever, Mr. Stark.” He does an impression of JARVIS, accent and all. “He’s an Omega, Tony, I’m sure he isn’t interested in me either.”
Steve’s barely aware of the way he rips the sheets in place, his toes curling in pleasure as Tony plunges his thick cock over and over again, blunt head hitting
“Of course you say ‘swell’.” Tony rolls his eyes, but looks proud of the compliment regardless. “And complain all you want. JARVIS designed that phone, he could use some feedback from fresh eyes.”
“But you could have.” Steve insists, that twitch in his jaw that meant he was infuriated but withheld it.
Tony hand feeds him some fruit while they rest. It’s some sort of Alpha thing, Steve presumes, the need to provide, so he lets him, accepting the bits of fruit that Tony brings to his lips. Tiny apple and orange slices, some grapes and cubes of mango. He particularly likes the mango, the smooth sticky sweetness that is unlike anything he’s tasted before. He licks at Tony’s fingers as he feeds him, enjoying the taste and smell of ‘
James snarls at some attempt at intimidation, but quiets down when Sister Margaret passes by. “Looks like it’s your lucky day, Rogers.” He gives Steve and the other kid the stinkeye before moving away.
Shoes come off first. Industrial grade slip-on boots Tony designed specifically for wearing in the suit, or at least until he figures out a solution to his scuffed leathers. They are settle neatly on the side of the bed, carefully placed by Stevos before he moves further.
As soon as Thor disappears with Loki, Steve double checks everything on his bike. He averts his attention from Clint and Natasha, as it looks like Natasha is giving Clint an earful for the lack of notice.
And Stevos moans so prettily, like a whore who’s never had cock, opening wide for him and giving him everything like a promised lover, panting for him. Even Stevos’s back is a sight to behold, firmly laid with muscle, the dip of his spine that only makes his ass seem more plump. That incredible waist that Tony latches on for dear life, tugging him onto his cock until Tony develops a punishing pace, pounding right into Stevos until he sees his rim, puffy and agitated.
“Are you okay?” He blurts out, flushing at the ignorance he knows his question possesses. He’s read the reports, but that was all they were to him. Reports. Factual. Simply stating the injuries Tony had gotten while fighting some sort of biologically enhanced lava man. They didn’t say anything of his status, other than ‘seems to be recovering’, and an even shorter report on how this lava man came to be. (Nanites? Extremis?)
There’s a pause, and then the blonde turns his head at him. Hazy blue-eyes look at him, pink lips pouting. “Steve. I-” He frowns. “My Ma named me Steven.”
“Is something wrong with it? Is it because of the tracker? Hand it over to Jarvis for a debug. If it's hardware related just leave it on my desk.”
Which he is, as he crosses his arms over his chest. “Nope. Take it or leave it.” As if Steve’s the one who has something to lose.
“I wish I could have met him. The way you talk about makes me know he’s a good man.” Tony says after a while, when Steve has stopped shaking through the memories.
When they break apart, Steve feels dizzy and winded, might be his asthma but Bucky’s certainly more to blame for stealing his breath away.
With careful movements, he adjusts himself, inquisitive when it comes to a hand on Tony’s arm, sliding into Tony’s arms until skin touches skin and Steve’s head is tucked underneath Tony’s chin. Tony’s been frozen on Steve’s first contact, stiff as Steve presses himself into the alpha's space.
A quick thanks to Jarvis and he walks through the home. The furniture has been rearranged somewhat, roomier, though everything was still there. He vaguely wonders if his room has been touched in anyway, but then quickly dismisses the thought.
“You’re very welcome to offer assistance, Black Widow.” Steve supplies, checks the corner before they barrel past to the basement. “How’s security?”
It’s innocuous enough. Because Steve could ask what had happened, or what Clint was going through, or even what Loki had done to him that shook him so much. He could ask a plethora of things, treat Clint like a soldier and bark at him to shake it off for one.
He remembers it, the way Bucky’s gray eyes nearly jumped out of their sockets at the sight of the meal, putting two and two together because Steve was never good at keeping secrets from him anyway, and they’d argued a whole lot about it already.
“For minor gods, however, a large following is difficult to obtain. By obscurity or similar, we could never hope to be as strong as our parents, so instead we gather Patrons to keep us in power. So long as we have Patrons who believe in us, we may remain in one form or another.”
They fall silent again, the unasked question hanging in the air. He figured that if Clint didn’t want to talk about it, then Steve wasn’t going to push him.
Steve swallows, stays rooted to his chair as Tony approaches him. He keeps still as the Alpha rearranges their seats so that they are face to face.
But as it is, he isn’t so lucky. Once the suit is disassembled, Stevos is right there in the lab, a medkit in tow and frustrated look to boot. He doesn’t even bother to act surprise, just sits down and takes the brunt of Stevos’s prodding for injuries. Which aren’t a lot, considering. Mostly bruising from when he was being bashed around.
“Anthony.” There’s a warm hand on his shoulder, a voice he hasn’t heard for a while, Tony too tired to brush it off, and he wants the comfort too bad to be angry. Instead, all he feels is disappointment.
Tony’s voice is rough, like he hasn’t had water for days but he still manages to smile. There’s a certain tiredness in his eyes that doesn’t escape Steve’s notice. But Steve would prefer a tired Tony to a feral Tony, there was just no telling what the man could do.
Steve moans in response, nosing against the Alpha’s scent, pushing his entire body to the Alpha’s for attention. He whines when the Alpha pulls away, blinking teary blue eyes for the lost contact.
Ed nods, and leaves him. The click of the door almost a sound of finality for the night, back to the way things were.
Tony motions over to one side of the lab, bringing along the bottle with him, maneuvering past the new Ironman units and into a noticeably darker and tidier portion of the lab.
Nothing in his room is out of place, he keeps it relatively tidy, if only to give S.H.I.E.L.D. less things to worry about.
“He’s not- you know. Not as bad as people make him out to be.” Steve grumbles, the ridiculous blush doesn’t go away, even while he knows he’s side-stepped a question. “He’s very nice to me.”
“There you go, handsome. Easy now.” Tony whispers when they break apart, allowing Steve precious air at last.
He remembers reports, during his short rests in the SSR base when he could have them. It wasn’t the Alphas faults, not entirely. A fresh squadron handed off to a rookie Alpha officer, all the pressure piled up one way or another, placed into a life threatening situation.
"Oh." Steve blinks. That was… Huge. He knew that the reactor was something that Tony was proud of, a big shiny beacon, but he also knew it demanded a lot of attention, and medically there were a whole slew of complications that came with the maintenance of it. Not to mention the effect it had on Tony's body everyday.
His schedule had mysteriously shifted from being once everyday to once every three days, which is a lot more tolerable and a lot less weary on him.
“Go on, suck. I’m not going to get the lube.” Tony encourages, forcing his fingers in deeper, enamored by the hot heat and slick. He watches as Stevos’s expression turns wanton, a blush rising on heated cheeks while he sucks and runs his tongue around Tony’s fingers.
It almost feels like those nights, back when it was just him and Clint, except he’s coming down from a full mission with him and adrenaline still courses through him. It should be habit to him now, and a few times it is. He works out the extra energy, extra adrenaline, by hitting the gym or painting, something to concentrate on to burn all the extra energy his body packs in at an anticipation of a fight. He also knows that’s not normal, most other people coming down from an adrenaline high run off on their hormones, but eventually they tire down and look for rest.
He made a small grave for Bucky when he lost him, just a mound of dirt covered in snow, a cross carved out from a dead tree placed on top. They couldn’t find the body, and couldn’t risk the extra day digging through the ice to look for him, not when they were getting reports that HYDRA had something big planned and it was coming together fast.
Steve manhandles Tony into the master bedroom and lays down towels over the sheets. They aren’t effective, but it’s better than bleeding all over the bed.
But even more confusing are the ones that scream and cry not to be taken, clinging to each other, being difficult as agents slowly pry them apart, forcefully if needed.
Tony places another metal table, this one with clamps on it’s side. He props the shield, holding it sturdily with the clamps. The knobs tighten automatically, securing the shield in place.
"Because you're the kindest man I've ever known, brave too to face everything he's been through, gorgeous body I have to say and can't deny, just the sweetest thing and humble too, need I go on?" Tony encourages. "I want you, Steve Rogers. And you know me, I tend to get what I want." Tony chuckles, though Steve can sense the nervousness.
I'd been meaning to put out two chapters on my return, but some things just don't go according to plan haha.
’ He remembers saying, voice hurt when Bucky only stares at the meal with disappointment, eating nonetheless because they couldn’t afford to waste anything, but he didn’t waste anytime on telling Steve how angry he was with him.
Weird how the 'enemy’ slowly doesn’t even register as a human being when you’re hungry, cold and desperate. Where sometimes the only line between life and death is shooting first.
“I know you didn’t, Tony, it’s okay, you don’t have to apologize.” Steve tries to placate. He does know it, the Tony Stark he met in that lab wasn’t the Tony he knew from a few months ago.
“Anthony?” Stevos inquires, already crossing the distance between them, brows knit together in worry.
Steve rolls onto his back, taking in a deep breath and tries to relax. He’d never been one of those Omegas who could just drop right into Heat. It would have been easier and quicker if that were the case. No, he was the kind who fell into it slowly, his body easing him into the primitive state that made Omegas lose their minds.
to take part of the war. Surprise surprise, they just wanted to stay out of it, take no sides and do whatever it is they do over there.”
“Why’d you call me down here, Tony.” Steve pushes, a smile on his face when Tony noticeably deflates. Doesn’t stop the Alpha from unscrewing a bottle and taking a long sip from it.
He needs to stop the spread, shut down everything and build from the ground up. Reassess all his employees until he’s sure that Obadiah’s poison is completely flushed out. The board of directors, he had to hold a board meeting as soon as possible. Now that Obadiah was dead, they would need to release a statement about the attack. The Ironman would have to be explained. Gods, there was so much to do, and he has to do it all alone, he can’t let anyone else touch this. He needs to-
Steve might have gone into a panic and asked Clint about protocol for attending an event. So far he has been both helpful and distracting.
“It is alright. Many have forgotten the old ways, you are not the first to doubt the existence of gods, nor will you be the last.”
And Steve is left to wraps his legs around the Alpha’s waist while his arms crumple from under him. He hopes to hell he doesn’t sound as pathetic as he does the fourth time he finds release, dry and unfulfilling by now but the Alpha’s cock wring it out of him all the same, shaking hard around the thick flesh that penetrates him.
She teaches him how to read their bodies, too far away to scent them for anything, it was better to gather information from afar and assess the situation first before closing in.
It’s still a rough sketch, it would probably be another hour before Steve is happy with it. But he knows where he'd put the lines of stress, add shadows to show the hollowness of Tony's cheek, bags under the eyes that spoke of Tony's lack of sleep. The drawing is sound, an echo of what Steve sees, but it still feels so wrong.
“Eventually, he taught me how to make it myself, which lost him a bargaining chip, he never could get me into bed after I turned eight, which is probably not a great age to introduce someone to open fire either but I claim innocence. I think he was secretly proud when I stopped burning myself. Eventually.”
Sometimes though, he still gets trapped in his mind, where all he can smell is the blood in the air, taste the mud on his tongue, the grit of earth where he dives, the sound of bullets whizzing past. The
Tony chuckles and Steve cranes his neck and smiles along with him. It’s a sketch of Dummy in his charging station, the only time he’d keep still, drawn in strong bold lines and thoughtful detail.
From there Steve listens attentively to all the work they do for the dogs, making sure they’re fit and healthy before they’re even ever put up for adoption. He does end up making a donation, and spends the rest of the day in the companion of the strays, smiling in particular when a timid half-breed Labrador sniffs his hand and allows him to pet her.
“Oh, I’m sorry. It’s a slight detail in contracts these days. You and your selected Alpha will meet before your Heat for a short period of time, just the two of you, and see if your scents are compatible. If neither of you react, then you may select another Alpha.”
Steve doesn't miss the fact that, among the clothes and things that Clint packed, there was still that dark box that held his bow and arrow. Made sense though, he’d brought his shield along too, in a large square pack that seemed like half a disguise. Of course, it was blaringly obvious what it was to those who knew, but looked innocent enough.
“Back so soon. Didn’t you say you were only considering part-time.” Says the female Beta, peering at him from over her papers.
As always, thanks for reading, the comments and kudos. Always, always, appreciated, and if there are concerns, just leave a comment below.
Steve’s wet when Tony’s fingers make way to his entrance, teasing the rim with his thumb, pushing in a finger that easily slips in. Gasping, Steve responds in kind by kneading his hands on Tony’s ass, pulling him closer.
She looks at him, with suspicion almost. There’s a silence between them that grows, and Steve decides to break it with a fumbled apology.
So, uh, enjoy this chapter and sorry again. Crazy thanks to everyone who has been reading and leaving kudos and comments all this time.
Tony looks wrecked, a twitch in his mouth as he falls forward to drape his body over Steve’s, running his hands over Steve’s abs and pecs, the cool touch almost surprising to the Omega, like he was still trying to determine whether he was real. “Captain America is a fucking a tease.” He mutters under his breath, like a realization, amusement in his voice as his face goes through a multitude of emotions, that Steve barely catches, until he settles to fondness.
Tony sniffs like that’s a given, leans over to wipe his hands with a hand towel. He looks at Steve, really
It tapers off, eventually Tony’s breathing turns slow, fingers merely finding purchase on Steve’s body but do nothing more. He falls asleep right after Tony does, still wondering if he did the right thing or not
When he awakens, there’s light filtering through the curtains, the strange dark-not-dark casting a strange glow to the room. He feels a little better, without the heat burning in his center, enough to look around and remember his circumstance. His throat dries, and then he swallows. Now’s not the time to mope, not when he still did not know the Alpha’s motive for putting him into the room. Was it punishment? Some sick game the Alpha played?
Clint scoffs, presses his back against the wall as a guard walks past them. They needed to get to the Omegas first, in case the guards got antsy and shoot their cargo if they thought that would be easier for them.
“I guess I did.” Tony shakes his head. “Call whenever it is you need me. We are the Avengers after all, gotta keep in touch somehow.” He says, turning his back on him and throws up a peace sign.
There’s a small movement in the corner of his eye which Steve realizes is Tony’s hand, twitching for purchase. He smiles at Tony, nods, and then there’s hands on his body, fingers crumpling his suit.
Steve first reaction was to panic and get him down from there but at second glance he figures that that would have been the wrong thing to do. Clint looked relaxed where he lay, a hint of a smile on his lips despite his position.
He told the Alpha to go, so that he wouldn’t be a hindrance to the Alpha’s work, so that Alpha’s life would be disrupted. He quells the bursts of longing and turns over.
“Anthony Stark.” Stevos says suddenly, stopping in his tracks. “I must warn you. When you return to America, you will face a foe that you will not expect. Promise me that you will stick to your beliefs.”
“JARVIS pinged me that your heart rate escalated, and you weren't responding to any of his attempts to wake you.” Tony says slowly, the way one would talk to a frightened animal. “Coupled by your REM reading and frantic brain activity, I deduced nightmare.” After a beat. “You’re safe, you’re in my mansion in Malibu. Do you know who I am?”
. You are my Patron, not them, they barely hold a candle to your flame! Why must you be so stubborn?!” Stevos is right up to his face, fingers curled over his breastplate. Anger, pain, frustration, illuminated by the light of his arc reactor.
Happy squeezes past him, looks used to it, settling into one of the seats with Steve’s bag still in hand, leaving him with a litany of choices and unsure of where he should place himself.
“Now, as I was saying, most Alphas understand that they gotta use a rubber, but some are just stubborn. They prefer natural, and really get into it.” Steve blushes. “There’s a medicine, not approved by any medical institution yet but it’s proven effective for Omegas. A little tablet that stops pregnancy. Would you be willing to take it?”
The Alpha raises a brow but doesn’t comment, takes a bite out of the top sandwich, brows rising even further. “Pretty good, kid.” Brock says, before he demolishes the rest of it and goes for another. Steve quietly pushes a glass of orange juice for him as well, before he tucks into his own sandwich, savoring the meal for all it’s worth. He might have made more than enough due to his own hunger, but it’s a nice warm feeling that the Alpha eats so enthusiastically.
“As I was saying. The board has finally agreed to see your final specs before we push through with manufacturing. We need to leave right
He and Tony had been exchanging conversation over text. Mostly because Steve didn’t have his phone all the time, and their timezones didn’t always line up, but when they had the opportunity, a call had been a better way to talk. And Steve feels like it must mean
They stay like this for a while, Steve just on Tony’s lap, until Happy raps on the partition and calls out. “Boss? Should we make another loop around the park or?”
Maybe he had more choice here than he thought. Steve could simply decline every Alpha that came in line, that would teach them.
“My family is dead, Mr. Stark. I can finally see them again.” And like a mad man, Yinsen rushes out the door, sending a spray of bullets towards the approaching men.
Tony takes the pause and frowns. “It’s all very complicated stuff, I can’t just rush it for the sake of passing, you know that.”
“Money's no object, but you must understand that this Omega is solely under your responsibility.” Howard says.
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know what’s there to see, but I’d like to be out there on my own for a change.”
“He wasn’t always The Engineer.” He starts out, takes a seat on the lab’s couch while he rests to the shield to one side. “We all knew him as Howard Stark, futurist, inventor, bit of a schmoozer and a good snake oil salesman.”
“Eventually.” Tony grumbles. “But you’re all drugged up and incoherent. Don’t tell me otherwise.” He adds when Steve tries to disagree with him, placing a finger on his lips. “So let’s just be shush while we can okay?”
responsible for everyone around you. Mortals are selfish, you take what you want, you all have your own goals and aspirations. What is one mortal's life?”
Steve comes again when Tony pushes in another time, adding to the slush of come that has no doubt gathered in his ass. It would be a few minutes before they separate, the pair panting on spoiled sheets.
“You’re not touching me.” The Omega snarls. “This is.” He huffs. “Bad. Very bad. They gave me. Something.” The Omega speaks like it takes all his concentration for his tongue to cooperate, his eyes unable to truly focus as they flit from Tony, the bed, the floor, to the windowless walls, to a table, chair and then snap back to Tony.
Steve explores the Alpha’s broad chest. Solid, warm, a soft thatch of curls that tickle his palms when he brushes over them. Flat solid abdominals, contrast to Andrew’s still-baby fat, the sharp angles of his hip, dipping low towards his cock, and thick thighs.
There’s nothing but spit and pre-cum that lets him, and it’s entirely amazing when he bottoms out, feels Stevos shudder with the roughness of it all. If Stevos were human, he would probably be bleeding right now. He slaps Stevos right on the ass, moaning himself when that tight heat shivers around his cock, and breathes in to make sure he doesn’t come.
Steve Rogers keeps that to himself throughout all the questioning that bombard him within the first few weeks of waking up from the ice. Later, someone tells him that these men are psychiatrists, tasked to examine his mental state, to check whether or not he would be able to cope in the Twenty-first century but right now they all just sound awfully nosy about his business, even if it's just an hour a day.
Annie just sighs. “Yes, yes. However, we still need to go through papers, Will. I believe Samantha is in, if you’d like someone familiar.”
"Good." A sigh. "All the drugs are really getting to me. I think I'm going to take a nap." Is an obvious dismissal.
can reschedule it and I can get yelled at and it can be done.” Tony says, eyes not leaving the tablet, and now Steve can see he’s sending an email.
Punching out the code, he plucks out the Starkphone from the box, still turned off like he’d left it.
Steve closes his eyes and grits his teeth, muscles clenching as he refuses to let the shudder run through his body.
Tony huffs at him. “So now you’re suddenly listening to her? When she’s taking your side? Great job, Dad, I’m sure she almost-”
“Terrible, paper’s going horribly. The project though. ” Tony’s eyes light up. “You wouldn’t believe what I’ve been up to since last night, I’ve added probably another six hundred lines of code and I’m nowhere even close to finishing, and that’s all just algorithm stuff so far, all very situational, I haven’t even started anywhere near the hardware involved and that’ll be another assembly language up in tow-”
He doesn’t tell them the details, gruelling months of scraping his nails on the blackboard until he felt so hopeless, certainly doesn’t tell them about Stevos. Neither are really oaths he wants to revisit, and it’s strange that both have equal weight on his heart whenever he thinks about them.
“There now Steven, you’re going to fit fine here, the other boys will be happy to have a new friend.” She says, taking his hand as she leads him to the third floor. He drags his bag of things along with him.
In the meanwhile, enjoy this chapter for all it's worth. I always appreciate all your comments and kudos throughout the week, and they help me get started on chapters.
By his third orgasm, tears streak his face, Andrew is finally shaking after his orgasm, and it’s almost with panic when Steve pulls away so that the knot doesn’t lock them together. He doesn’t like getting knotted if he can help it, only in heat when it’s necessary, but otherwise he avoids it whenever possible.
Without the serum, he would never have gotten here, to the future (present, he reminds himself), and he would never have gotten to seen all its wonders. Or meet Clint and Natasha. Or Tony.
Steve looks up, watches the carefully blank face of Tony Stark. He’d never liked it when people looked down on him. When he was smaller, all he wanted to do was prove to everyone else that he was just as good as the rest of them. A joke to a lot of Alphas, as if a sickly Omega was ever their equal. He didn’t want pity either, he wanted to stand tall on his own terms, not because everyone else was willing to take a step down for him.
“You don’t have to leave the mansion.” He mumbles into Tony’s skin. “There’s always video chat, talk to them down at the lab. I’ll be right here waiting for you.”
“Are you sure I can’t persuade you come with me and Banner to the tower? You’d be free from SHIELD surveillance.”
Clint doesn’t say anything after that, and they stay embraced until morning, neither getting any sleep, but somehow feeling better for it.
Whining, Steve pouts on Tony’s chest. That seemed stupidly unfair, though his inner Omega flared at the thought of being a better Omega than others.
Tony huffs, ready to throw an insult at Howard, critic his obsessive behavior to prove his position as
“Dear 'ol dad had a trust fund set up for you. Was convinced that you’d reappear with a hundred hungry mouths to feed. Right now, that trust fund is still stable, a little bit of it goes to charity every year for recovering veterans. I wouldn’t know the exact numbers, not without consulting some accounting, but it probably still has a solid five mil in it.”
Truth be told, he’s afraid that Stevos won’t come. He hasn’t exactly been brave for the past months, dread always feels like a few steps behind him. Drinking has turned back into routine, sleep comes sparingly without it.
Simply put, an Alpha and Omega react to each other in a very specific way, because their bodies emit hormones that trigger one another in close proximity. A common way for these hormones to travel was by scent. Each scent was unique to the individual and triggers different reaction to the body, but inherently they all had similar properties. The mere presence of an Omega would be enough to call up a reaction of some kind. It was why, even though Alpha and Beta pairs could consummate, a knot would not form without the specific hormone from the Omega.
Steve pulls off of Tony’s cock, quick as lightning, shucks his shirt and shorts. He returns to kneeling, Tony pumping his cock viciously in one hand, angry-red and throbbing, the other keeping Steve’s head where he wants it. “Gonna come all over you, Sweetheart. And you’re going to want it. Right?” Because of course Tony would ask.
He’s going to miss this, whatever this was. No, he retracts that, pulling himself away from the misery in his mind. He wouldn’t belittle the memory of this place with laziness, where he had felt more free than he dare admit. The fear of the future had been burned here, replaced with a smoldering pile that warmed him to his core, enough that he even felt hopeful of what tomorrow could bring. Curious of what the future could teach him.
After a pause. “Sir asks to make your way to the basement lab, with a reminder to bring your shield.”
Speaking of which, Andrew neared them, carefully places Steve’s head on his lap and strokes through his sweat-damp hair. Instinct, Steve thinks dully, to coddle the Omega after a bout of sex.
The base feels heavy (batteries?) and the dildo itself seems to made of some jelly-like material that flops when he holds it upright. There’s also a note next to the dildo.
. Definitely could get used to this. You okay there? For a moment it looked like you were getting ready to get beat up.”
“-am I going to let SHIELD poke me, and probably take apart my suit while I am otherwise indisposed. Therefore! I nominate
“Here.” Steve provides helpfully, pushing a mug of coffee into Tony’s hand, which he gratefully takes, moaning right into the cup.
As it turns out, the ‘short list’ of Alphas expand to be twenty five Alphas, with varying degrees of groans from Clint and Natasha. They aren’t listed in any particular order, as the first Alpha was quickly yelled at.
“As you know, your body metabolises modern drugs too quickly, so we can’t give you full suppressives for your heat.”
“It’s asshats trying to take advantage of a situation is what.” Clint adds in, grim tone says everything he thinks about it. “And Alphas and Betas with enough money in their pockets to make the buy.”
“Oh.” Clint actually sounds surprised, and sits up to stare down at Steve, expression serious. “Does he do kinky things with you? How big is his knot? Is he as good as everyone says he is?”
“Anyway, wouldn’t be a good much. I’m too much for him to handle. I’d drive him mad after three days!”
“I don’t think you do.” Tony says after a while, having leaned over the shield and the drill had started up again, this time pressed to the underside of the shield. “A shield for defense. It was purely by chance that it could have been used. Not a lot of people know about the shield at all, it’s origins, how it was made. Many people still believe it’s made of some metal compound, some steel and iron, very medieval. Not many know about Vibranium, because it’s such an uncommon element, such an expensive metal, that it can hardly be used by the average person. In fact, because of it’s significant worth, it’s only used by the military, even NASA couldn’t afford this shit.”
“Oh, they would have gotten so distracted by the way you would smell, happy and aroused. They’d be so fucking jealous of the beautiful Omega on my lap, unable to touch. Only look.”
“Let me see your penmanship, son.” The manager says to him, pushes a pad of paper to his hands and has him write.
Tony shakes his head. “Someday, I’m going to meet your oh-so-special Omega and it’ll be disappointing.”
Steve sends a message to Phil in the afternoon to tell him about the gala, apologizing for the suddenness of the event but hopes that it won’t be a problem for SHIELD if he stays a week longer.
There’s a hand on his pec, another curled under him abdomen, a soft brush of lips on his shoulder. And then Tony is pressing against him, buries his nose to Steve’s collar and takes a deep inhale, arms curling around his body in a hug. There’s a half-hard cock pressed to his ass, pushing against him, hot and thick where it touches him.
“I understand entirely Mr. Stark.” Steve smiles sadly. That was what everyone been doing to him. Throwing him into a situation and expecting him to be alright with it, meet it head on.
“No?” Steve quickly answers back, but the blush has already started. “A guy I met at a bar. Anyway, he said that it was worth a lot of money.”
He has JARVIS forward the file named 'RELEASE FORMS - STARK’ to Tony as Phil requested, with his own small note. ‘
The work tablet is once again in his hands, but this time, he doesn't put it down to greet Steve. He's got a look of concentration on the screen but something just seems off about it to Steve.
“Yes, whatever you want.” And Tony hates it that Stevos sounds so eager to please, desperation riddled in his voice, but he has his request in mind.
They communicate in grunts and moans. Tony can tell that Stevos is holding back, eyes screwed in concentration even as he thrusts in and out of Tony’s hole. He’s hot to the touch, Tony’s can feel every push that that hot hard cock makes, hyper aware of the way it drags, the soft squelch of lube easing the burn of the stretch.
The stiff nod is answer enough, but Clint goes on. “Me and my brother. All we had was each other, y’know? I figured that, if I could feed us both, it’d be better than sitting around with our thumbs up our asses.” Is an attempt at lightening the mood, but Steve knows better. Knows what it feels like to be desperate and hungry, knows what it is to hand over a piece of dignity in exchange for warmth and food. Even when Bucky was begging him not to. ’
Steve knows a thing or two or three about feeling like there was something tethering from making change in his life. For a long time, he had thought that it was him being an
This room. It smells the most like Tony, he wonders about that. There’s no bed, but there’s a desk, a lounge chair of some sort, scattered items on the floor, papers and folders at seemingly random. Metal and steel, in strange twisted shapes. Steve blinks, and settles himself on the chair.
He can see staring off, the way he does when he’s considering a problem in his mind, and then blinks back.
Right, Afghanistan, Tony’s kidnapping. Steve had read the files, along with the press and news articles during and after his abduction. Shortly after returning to America, Tony had gone on to shut down Stark Industries’s weapons department, and subsequent department that correlated to them. Weapon contracts were scrapped, and what manufactured missiles and gun were stripped down to their core and blueprints locked away. And then Iron Man appeared and Tony had outed himself the very next day.
that much was undeniably clear, to hide that body behind any article of clothing would be a sin to nature itself. Muscle over layer of muscle, biceps bulging as the Omega flinches from the unveil, the light must be blinding him, crystal blue eyes blinking rapidly, adjusting. Soft-looking blonde hair frames his face, falls just past his ears, shorter than what most Omegas would wear, but nonetheless attractive in that wild sort of way.
Steve arches into the touch, letting a contented sigh. “I was an Omega. The Heats alone would have made it impossible.”
Steve’s blood runs cold. Indignation, first and foremost, at what Justin had just said. Did they all think that? He was reduced to be an Omega for hire? To tote around and show off for the crowd?
The doors open to him once he’s within distance, the lab is messier than he remembers. Unpolished Ironman units littered the lab, either halfway done or kept in their chrome states.
But then he was also Captain America. He’d picked up early on that he was a secret (used to it, at this point), and not even everyone in S.H.I.E.L.D. knew of his actual identity. He didn’t think S.H.I.E.L.D. would suddenly have a change of heart because of his heat.
But with Tony… It’s like finding a piece of coal after being so cold for so long. The burst of heat to start the flame, a simmering ember to keep warm with. Steve’s not sure how long he can have that warmth, but he wants to make the best of it, so badly that it aches. Even if he burns himself while trying to hold on.
“There is a search helicopter a couple miles out. Your friend has been searching for you for months, he’ll take care of you and ensure your journey home.” Stevos explains, apparently ignorant of the way Tony wants to touch his muscles. Like all of them.
“Do you like that Anthony?” Stevos asks, crooking his fingers to where he knows would make Tony moan.
“Sometimes.” He pauses, wonders if it’s safe to say. He trusts Clint, and keeps going. “Sometimes, I dream about the past. Not nightmares, not really, just little things, about my neighbors when I was a kid, when I was taking classes in our local college, or when I went to the meat shop when we had enough money scraped together for some pork. Really mundane stuff that I took for granted. And then I wake up… wish I didn’t.”
Oh right, some time during the hour, he’d decided he didn’t really like wearing a shirt anymore, not with it being so hot. So he’d shucked it. Somewhere. (Floor maybe?)
That seems to be the wrong thing to say, as the Omega turns all the way, shows his impressive back to him. If the Omega were not chained, he would surely be at the other side of the room by now, as far away from Tony as possible.
“That you’re brave? Braver than most Alphas to admit that you need help.” Steve says. “Brave enough to look at your life and try for some change.” He doesn’t know the implications or the things that have led up to Tony’s decision, not intimately but he doesn’t need to know every inch of the idea to support Tony. And support seemed to be the thing that the Alpha needed the most right now.
It was universally agreed on that only an Omega could calm down Alphas in Fight. And that was before there were such things as
When I finally do finish the third chapter, I'll continue with shorter chapters, almost prompt-fill like for this universe. Feel free to leave prompts, questions and whatever other comments for this godverse.
He knows what a man sounds like when he’s minutes for death and they’re still days from the nearest medical station. He knows what it feels like to dig his fingers in the dirt, in some semblance of a grave, because no one else would. Because the dogs would get the body before the Nazis could. Because a dead body stinks and it would compromise their position.
It’s a beautiful display nonetheless, one normally Tony doesn’t have much time to admire when they go at it. He has a general idea of how glorious Stevos looks like, it does help that the god takes to wearing skin-tight clothes anyway, leaving very little to the imagination.
“They like you.” He mumbles, leaning into Steve, pushing an accusing finger to his chest, emptying half of his drink on the counter.
“Why? Because someone told you it’s worth money. Newsflash, Cap, I have no problem throwing money at things. I’m an eccentric billionaire, it’s what I
The night turns into a blur of faces, greetings left and right, little snacks every so often. Tony seems happy to introduce Steve, let’s the other Alphas get a good look at him, and quickly redirects the conversation when they start asking more. Steve’s never really
Stevos howls and tenses. Tony has never penetrated his ass before, has only ever played with the rim. But now Tony fucks him mercilessly with his fingers, forcing the two spit-slicked digits in and out, reaching deep into the crevices of Stevos’s tight ass. “Take it.” He growls when Stevos starts to squirm, his abs flexing. “Keep your legs open.”
Blue eyes no less blue, Tony runs a trail from his cheek to his neck, easy now that Stevos was shorter than him, studies the jutting collarbones and down to pert nipples. He is no less warm either, and no less beautiful. Here he can catch the blush on Stevos’s face, all the way down his chest.
It still felt like a victory, some tiny invisible step into reclaiming some semblance of control over his life.
He falls asleep that way, with Tony’s arm curled over him, listening to the steady beat that lulls him into slumber.
This. Well, this part Steve didn’t know. Annie carefully lays it out for him. “I wouldn’t judge you for not wanting it, it’s risky business even though we haven’t had an incident yet. Our Alpha clients come looking for a…
There’s the sound of sad gear winding down, and tottering away into the deeper recesses of the couch.
Tony owns the condominium. His name is on the deed, paid by his own money with little help from his dad, who had scoffed at him for making the purchase in the first place. He lives in the penthouse of the seven storey building, and makes some cash by being the landlord. It was convenient. Close to Cornell U. In a quaint neighborhood with other condominiums nestled together, a small grocery within walking distance and decent food around. Howard had only begrudgingly
They give him some time to rest, but eventually they remove themselves from the bed, quiet sounds of shuffling clothes and buckles while Steve lazily covers on the bed. He’s aware of the sweat on his body, the slick between his legs, but he doesn’t want to bother with thinking about the consequences, doesn’t want to think about Bucky at home. He’ll have to shower, hide the smell of sex.
With a growl, Tony mounts him in one thrust, cock pushing into his ring of muscles, forcing his way through the slick, wet passage that so craved the attention. Steve feels like he’s been punched in the gut, unable to breath, unable to think as he focuses on the feeling of Tony’s cock buried deep inside him, trying to process the pleasure that washed over his body of
Clint hugs himself, forehead pressed to Steve’s front, nails digging into his biceps until Steve can smell the first tang of blood.
“Roast?” Steve inquires, settling into the nest of pillows they’d decided to set up. Pillow fort, Clint had argued.
“Sure, Tony. All I’m saying is that what you’ve described sounded like a pet to me.” Steve says innocently enough, which earns him a light slap on the shoulder and a grimace.
“What? No.” Clint looks frustrated, and he smells like it too, like an electric zing running across the space between them. “Heard it from Maria, and I thought I’d-” He lets out a frustrated snarl and makes averted movements. “I need to get out of here. From SHIELD. But I’m not-”
Tony’s body posture is languid, sat on the bed while staring hungrily at Steve. He only lies back when Steve climbs onto the bed within, hands quickly finding purchase on his hips to pull him in.
He has it to himself for a moment, takes off his shoes first and then his coat, but when he starts to undo the buttons, there’s a throat being cleared.
“You beg so prettily.” Stevos hums, a hint of amusement even as he moves his hand faster. The pressure is just right on his dick, and he’s leaking pre-cum all over Stevos’s hand. “Would you beg for my cock like so, Anthony? Would you like me inside of you?”
“He's this way.” Is the quiet prompt, Steve taking to following the man inside. He'd check around the house later, Tony was much more important, though he's curious as to Tony's friend.
Steve pushes his bag under the bed, and clambers onto the sheets. It’s different, a little stiffer than he’s used to.
He’d gone through this earlier, past the set of doors, the lobby. But this time he hands over the card instead of his name, and the Beta behind the desk copies it onto a piece of paper, and hands him back the card.
“Well, fuck.” Clint bounces right back. “If it’s you then, that’s fine.” Though Steve can still detect the panic from earlier, it’s a little less clear when Clint lays deflated on his chest.
“For referrence, whenever you come in. That’s your number. You hand that over at the counter whenever you’re done, they’ll give you your due.”
Except when Stevos brushes a hand over his chest, touches the arc reactor and traces the black spidery veins that crawls from his heart. It’s a vicious anger that grips his chest. This flawless god beneath him, sculpted from flesh and marble, a reminder of his own mortality.
“Must be some friend. That thing costs as arm and a leg! Uhm. If you don’t mind. Can I check it’s production code? It should be on the back panel, just under the battery.
commentary from Clint and Natasha, they all stare at him with unseeing eyes. Steve would have preferred to meet any
“Compassion is sometimes a quick death, to those already suffering from sickness.” Stevos points out, tugging sharply at Tony’s bandage.
God, Tony. He should never had left the man alone, regardless of another Omega or not. There was still a part of him that could have remained professional, he knew, that even with what messy tangle of emotions he had had, he could have at least been Tony’s friend, been there if the man had wanted him.
since I got a job, and I been doing nothing while I tweedle my thumbs and wait for you to come home, dead tired and complaining about work.”
“What’s mine?” He ventures, wonders if scents could change. Steve bares his neck, shuffles around so that Clint can reach with ease.
No, he knows now that it hasn’t. It has only moved to someplace hidden, without regulation or rules, even more dangerous than it’s predecessor now that it could work on it’s own terms. Greed it’s main power.
“This is Steven, he will be your new roommate from now on. I’m sure the both of you will get along well.” She nudges Steve forward. “Go on, dear, no need to be shy.”
Texting with Clint is a little confusing. He uses shortcuts and symbols that Steve has to ask JARVIS about.
So the day that Steve is to meet Tony Stark, it weighs heavily on his mind. He wasn’t sure if Scenting was done back in his day, though they probably didn’t call it that even if it did. It was as easy as getting close to an Alpha and feeling a little
Tony’s head whips back to the rest of the crowd, eyes narrowing at the other figure who stands. Military uniform, he knows the type, well-decorated, hard-jawed.
Steve wonders if everything in that clipboard is right about him, and whether or not he should even bother to respond.
Frank at least has the mind to look abashed, a quick look at Ernie and then he nods solemnly at Steve, leaving with his pills.
It had been challenging, and he was stuck in bed for what felt like half of his childhood. But here he was, in the future,
Suddenly, he gets a lap full of Tony, straddling him, pushing him against the chair, hands firmly on his shoulders as he catches Tony’s expression. There’s a twist there somewhere, like a kept secret, a crooked smile, relief, an almost tortured grimace, and several other emotions he’s too afraid to read too much into.
He wasn’t really all that drunk, he could remember what that felt like when he was tiny, and he was nowhere near his limit. He did feel warmer than usual, a little sluggish, but that was it.
Tony finally looks at Stevos. The god looks as wrecked as Tony feels, bags under his eyes like he has slept for weeks, in a overly large shirt that’s crumpled in places. Strange though, it doesn’t make him look any weaker.
Frank is tall, easily a foot taller than him if he were to guess, strong hands, working hands by how those rough palms feel, and muscle that doesn’t look like they’re there for show. He doesn’t say much, except to quietly ask Steve to eat and make sure he’s okay.
There’s an awkward pause between them, a moment where they just stare at one another. Then Tony rolls his eyes and leans closer.
’ must be in their clipboards somewhere. Almost irrelevant, if it were not for the fact that home was 1940 with no hope of return and everything he’s known is either gone or dead.
“Oh, nothing, Will. Just a new Omega, running him through the basic. You better get in there and find a regular, I don’t want you scaring this one off with your charm.” Annie rolls her eyes, but Steve can tell it’s all in good jest.
“Sometimes, I don’t know if I’m still me.” Clint confesses on one quiet night. He’d allowed Steve to maneuver them on the bed and cover them in blankets. Steve positioned himself behind Clint, an arm on his chest to hold him close, protective.
There's something absurdly correct in the moment, to have another Alpha than the one he started with, stronger, better, makes his instincts sing and flutter when the Alpha rumbles something incoherent and takes him.
at him. For the first time, Steve sees the demons that swirl behind those brown eyes, tragic admission to a past he can’t place behind him.
“Nothing wrong with that.” And it’s said with such sincerity that Steve can’t help but believe it. Tony rises up to meet his gaze, eyes so clouded with lust but Steve knows his own would reflect the same. He slowly descends to meet his lips, giving Steve ample time to turn away to, but Steve lets Tony mould their lips together, quiet groans escaping them both at the first sign of tongue.
“No, yes, Anthony Stark, Alpha.” Steve supplies with shuddery breath. He's still cold, clammy despite the sheets. Panic still fills his brain, an urgency to get warm and away taking utmost precedence. “I’m fine. Fine. I want-” Steve starts, forcing his limbs to move, wrestling against the sheets. “I need to-”
He thinks it’s almost normal, or at least, as normal it could have been after Afghanistan, there was no going back from there, a clear definite line from then and now.
Steve doesn’t like it, not one bit, but he realizes that Tony speak with experience. It doesn’t mean he won’t argue with the next person to think badly of Tony, however.
He bites his lip and touches the gold necklace around his neck. “It’s a story Tony should tell instead.” Steve sighs, looking miserably at his empty beer bottle. The look she gives him says that she means ask Tony exactly that.
They’re… Different. Looked different, felt different when compared to the Ironman he had last seen Tony wear. It’s been a year, of course there would be differences but somehow they aren’t quite as refined as Steve had expected. They seemed blunt, almost thrown together with the way they are designed, lacking the finesse that Steve has come to expect.
Her face turns pleasant, eyes brightening up, and Steve has a feeling she’s been doing this her entire life. She’s remarkably put together in ways that can speak from experience, a soft undertone of Omega beneath a floral perfume. He takes the extended hand and shakes it, smiling shyly.
“Alright, Valentino. Ain’t never seen a fella so convincing.” He says, a bit Brooklyn drawl mixing into his tone. “I still need to check in with Phil, at least let him know I’m not heading back to SHIELD just yet.” It would have been rude not to at least tell someone.
“You would not have believed me out in the desert. You might have picked Loki instead.” Stevos scoffs, but he lets his scarred hands be examined.
Tony kisses him as he comes, ravages Stevos’s mouth as Stevos’s body turns taut with arousal, Tony pumping the god’s cock with one hand while the other grips Stevos’s hair to make sure he doesn’t move. He pulses with his orgasm, coming deep inside Stevos, punctuating each wave of cum with a quick snap of hips until even Stevos is coming, clenching fast and hard around his cock, making him shiver and writhe with overstimulation.
“Five hundred thousand.” The Curator confirms when the moment passes, and another flurry of mutters sweep the room.
Steve blinks, finally understanding. “You were-?” He doesn’t dare finish it, for fear of what he might say, for what Cling might want to keep secret.
Steve only smiles at that, feeling the hints of a blush coming, unsure of what to say. He hadn’t known how to react to that yet, when people came up and
“And if I don’t want it slow? If I want it fast and hard?” Steve challenges, brutally kissing Tony’s lips until they both taste blood.
All too soon he can feel his encroaching orgasm, and there’s bitter anger that this will be over so soon.
Her eyes dart to him, recognition, before flicking back to stare Tony down, who is munching on an apple.
of pages. The sketchbook is filled with, well, sketches. Some drawn from memory, others from sight. It feels oddly intimate to share them.
“Do not judge him so harshly.” Stevos says softly, an understanding smile at Tony’s direction. “My father was a prideful man. To raise a child alone was no easy task, but he asked no one for help. He provided me with a roof over my head, hot food, and warm clothes. I cannot agree with every decision he made, but I cannot fault him for his feelings towards his weakling of a son. He loved me in his own way.”
“The only reason I left the keys in was because I didn’t think you were a 'push to start’ kind of guy.”
Stevos maneuvers him into bed, splays him out to his liking. His eyes shining even in the dark, taking in every dark blotch of skin. Gently, he kisses each bruise, Tony feels a surge of heat every time Stevos presses his lips to his skin, and pants as his cock gives an interested twitch to the proceedings.
"Never sweetheart." Tony says almost immediately, looking almost surprised. "I called you up here because I wanted you to be here."
“It pays well.” Steve insists, even if he has to hide the shudder from the memory of that Alpha nosing against his neck, all instincts screaming at him to pull away but he doesn’t. “It’s just gonna be a few times, just to get us through.”
“Now. Put your hand up, like Lion-o and say- Oh wait, you wouldn’t know that reference.” Steve throws him a face. “Just kidding. Don’t worry. Just put your fist in the air, yep, away from your face, and say ‘Shield activate’.”
His Alpha is brutal, a bruising grip on his hips keeps him where he is, accepting the man’s dick as he is penetrated over and over again. There’s slick and cum
He does it again and again, keeps his jaw pliant, let’s the drool slip past his mouth and cover Tony’s cock to turn it slippery and wet, breathing through his nose even while Tony pets his face.
Deep breaths. Don’t try to talk, just close your eyes and relax. I’m right here, Tony. You don’t gotta worry.”
In that stance, Steve notices Tony’s biceps, larger and bulkier where the muscles curls. Even Tony’s face looks a lot more defined, harder and firmer than he remembers it, like he’d lost a layer of fat, but seems gaunt against the harsh light that he works with.
There are forms to fill, but most of them merely need his signature for authentication sake. He has no doubt that no one will ever really see the contents of the contract, not while S.H.I.E.L.D. could help it. A thing to be grateful for.
JARVIS sounds so earnest for a machine, for a voice that lived in a computer. Steve still has some trouble understanding how human-like JARVIS truly was.
He isn’t there. Even the trail of footsteps he had made looks different somehow, like. Not quite as deep as the weight of two people, but more like Tony had dragged his bad legs across the sand.
“I want to see.” He knows he sounds like a spoiled child, but he has questions, ones that he’s sure Stevos would answer but he wants to see with his own eyes.
She’s all grace and poise, deadly in her attacks, very few movements wasted that it makes him feel all the more conscious of his own stances.
Tony supplies him with silence, eyes turning guarded with the question. Steve has to wonder what it is that had caused Tony’s feral state in the first place.
“Well, it’s been a very eventful day, but I’m afraid I’m going to have to leave you boys for the night.” Pepper says with a sweep of her skirt. It’s nearly past ten, by Steve’s count, and she looks like an early riser.
Steve, not expecting the suspicion, tells him the truth. "JARVIS explained. Well, he didn't really tell me anything." Steve shrugs. "The, uh, science probably would have gone over my head but he gave a lot of reading material for the flight over."
“I meant, yeah, I agree that someone should probably check up on me, the armor’s getting really heavy, but like hell-”
“Perimeter secure, sir.” Brock grunts. “Except ‘ol Richards down on the third has been cooking again, best to avoid the fumes coming from his floor.”
“I’m not going to do anything to the Alphas, Hawkeye.” He feels the need to say, because the Agent smells nervous and it wouldn't hurt to say so.
“Don’t.” Steve warns, stern in his gaze that puts Tony to silence. “Don’t belittle yourself. What you did was good and self-sacrificing, and you’re suffering for it.” He doesn’t say that Tony doesn’t have to. Good men suffer for the many.
Steve bounds over, careful not to step on anything, until he’s right over Tony. He’s holding wires in his other free hand, while he thrusts the wrench against a bolt to keep it in place.
, which Tony is correct about, of course. The implication about Director Fury is something to think about, so he put his mind to that instead.
Eventually it does move along, Ed leading Andrew throughout the experience. Slowly taking away Steve’s clothes one at a time, reveals skin and carefully touches him, like they really are afraid he’d break. Steve utters nothing, chided already for speaking, except the occasional groan when their hands feel good over his body, warm against the cold of the room. Clothes divested, Ed moves him to a kneeling position, makes him face them with his legs folded under him.
“They cleaned me. At the.” Steve squeezes his eyes shut, as if trying to remember. “There. Before.” He drifts off, staring angrily at the tiles.
She leans in a bit closer. “And if there were any… Incidents. We can certainly help you take care of it.” And that chills Steve to the bone.
Steve moans with the thorough inspection, shuddering when Tony takes a nipple in his mouth and sucks hard.
“Maybe. Someday. I don’t know. Not now. You're really out of it, aren't you.” Is what Tony seems to decide upon, shaking his head with every word and throwing his arms to the side. “Don’t get me wrong, you’re my Omega now, I own you.” He says as if to prove a point. “That’s just. Not part of the plan right now. You should really get dressed, where are your clothes?”
“No.” Tony snarls, because if there’s anything left that is his, it’s the suit. He powers the leg thrusters and pushes Stevos against the wall, trapping the god’s wrists with his gauntlets, his suit’s plates no doubt digging into Stevos’s chest.
Steve’s mind is a little gone, two cocks distracting enough that he can’t really follow the conversation but he can tell that Andrew is close, by the tiny gasps and frantic movement. Ed must notice too, because he suddenly stops moving to Steve’s dismay, and pulls out.
He’s not sure with the dim light, but it looked like Steve’s eyes flash for just a moment. There’s a moment of hesitation, the Omega takes the offered jacket and places it on himself, but the drive doesn’t look any more comfortable to him than it had a moment ago, stiff on the leather seats of Tony’s car for the rest of the ride.
And of course, Pepper and his PR group are on his ass the moment he’s free from the court. They beg and plead, something, anything about the Ironman that they can feed to the governing board before they write up a cease and desist on Stark Industries. Anything to keep the dogs off their back, just long enough until the public settles because the video of him being sworn at by the secretary of defense has reached a million views already and if they don’t calm things down, it could easily turn into a nightmare.
Steve gets his room all to himself again. The mattress hasn’t been replaced yet, but he’d changed the sheets before Tony and Pepper had come back. Every piece of his meager belongings tucked away into their place. Even the dildo has been stowed away into a drawer.
His papers come first though. He can’t afford to flunk. In the most technical sense. His scholarship is on the line, and he’ll be damned if that’s another thing for Howard to hover over his head. And as much as his classmates might bully him for taking on a scholarship despite his Father being literally richer than his entire family’s weight in Gold, the prestige and opportunity that comes with graduating with honors
“So you did.” Tony hums, pushing past the clothes and taking a firm grip of Steve’s cock. Tony’s hand is warm on his stiffening cock, Steve moans openly as Tony sets a slow pace, easy pleasure that has him sighing.
Abashed perhaps, Tony doesn’t say a word as Steve cleans him up, apart from the occasional gasp when Steve slides the cotton over his wound. The rest of his body has seen better days (Focus, Steve.), but isn’t as bad as Steve would think. His bruises are already yellowing, no doubt tomorrow they’ll be black and blue, sore with movement. Tony hisses when Steve runs a finger against a particularly bad bruise on his back.
That was good news, wasn’t it? It was going to be over soon, he could go back to barely existing within S.H.I.E.L.D. barracks and no one could say that he didn’t try. It also meant that he would have to suffer through a heat
Natasha showed him how to set it to the speed he wants, incline of the track, things he never really thought about, and he had to hide his disappointment that now he even has to tell the machine about what he specifically wants, rather than just letting himself go loose and see how far his feet can take him.
“Hey. You wanted a spectacle. By tomorrow, everyone’s going to know about my Omega.” Tony grins. And wasn’t that such a nice thought.
Which only makes Steve blush more. “S-So. That’s that?” He’s torn between the thought of retreating (hiding) back to his room, and pulling Tony close again.
He had heard nasty rumors about the mating block in Brooklyn, had been scared out of his wits when he’d first gone in. But heats were unbearable unless you could afford the drugs that helped you maintain some
Steve tries very hard not to think about Tony streaking in his own home, really it’s a terrible image. He’d forgotten about condoms, kind of. It hadn’t really occurred to him that pregnancy was an actual issue. An Omegas best chances of pregnancy was a week after heat after all, it was foolish of him to forget, when the hubbub about Alpha dominance settled in and a mate was chosen.
Jarvis, the real Jarvis, the butler we used to have back when I was a kid. Kinda ironic now that I think about it, I’m friends with Thor, actual
But Steve also knows that certain people don’t change, and there will always be bullies like Hammer who will get their way.
It’s not hot like an Alpha’s knot, but it gets warm enough to get comfortable, the initial burn making way for a pleasure so deeply seated in his groan. He moans as he pushes it all the way inside himself, his hand shuddering at base of the dildo as the entire thing fills him up. There’s an awkward moment where he searches for the button, slippery fingers finally finding the grooves of plastic and presses one.
“God, Tony, yes.” He slurs, holding onto the sheets and biting into the pillow as Tony delivers a particularly hard shove, too drunk on lust to form any better words. “More,
Tony only takes a slight peek. “Ahh, right. That. I don’t like being handed things.” He says flippantly, and then gestures at Steve instead.
Steve chuckles at the two as they commence some kind of secret message in glares. They remind him of himself and Bucky when they were kids, telling each other how it was, having each other’s backs, except deadlier.
And he could have, if it were not for the glazed eyes, the limp way that the Steve held his legs, like he couldn’t close them if he wanted, the all too obvious reminders that the Omega was drugged beyond his wits, unable to understand more than
Another Alpha’s scent. Steve’s senses blare out to him, the Alpha covering him with his body over the blanket, sniffing provocatively around. “Been four days and you still smell so good.” Comes the muttered comment.
“I’m getting there.” Steve chuckles. “So I tell him. Maybe later Mr. Stark, but you're just the man I was looking for.” Steve takes a pause. “I heard he liked that kinda stuff, ego stroked like most Alphas.”
There’s a pause, and then the cock is gone from his ass, but Steve knows that Tony is still hard from expectation. The Alpha doesn’t stop lavishing his neck with little kisses though, and one hand plays with his nipple still.
He doesn’t treat him like he’s going to break with a few jokes, or the reminder that he’s not from this century. It was the truth, and while everyone was content to ignore that fact, at least Hawkeye could make light of it.
The car came to a halt, Steve gathered his meager things and stepped out, taking in the rest of the facade. Walking up to the door, for at least that was recognizable, he was surprised not to find a scanner of any kind. Instead, there was a doorbell, which he promptly rang.
“Oh, I liked it very much. It’s quite interesting!” Tony smiles. “To think, there's a drug that can induce an Omega’s heat like that out in the market.” He says, keeps walking, nudging Steve towards the doors.
“But you had the time to snag this beautiful Omega. What was your name again, dearie?” She says with a flutter (four blinks, he counts) in Steve’s direction.
“To sleep.” Tony shakes his head. “You know, close your eyes, go night night? Any of this getting through?”
for you?” Fury stares at him with his one eye, as if Steve would cave in just from that, as if Steve could ever hope to explain the mystery that was Tony Stark.
“When Ma died, it was a huge shock. She never said a thing ‘bout it, never said she was feeling bad or nothing. When we went by the clinic to see her, it felt like the entire world just broke when the Doc said she was gone.” Sadness tinges his voice. It’s been two years but it still hurts to think about it. His mother was gone and he never got to say goodbye, never got to tell her he loved her one more time, never got to hug her and kiss her, and thank her for everything she’d sacrificed for him, and there would never be a next time.
Steve smiles kindly at him. “The Howard I knew wouldn’t have been the same as your father.” An echo of what he’d first said about Howard to Tony during their brief disagreement about the man. He knows he’s treading on something close to Tony’s heart, an image of his father that had not yet been so revealed, as much as it was treasured. “What would you like to know?”
Tony has never been a praying man, but he does so in that moment, hands clasped together, desperate and out of plans, he utters a silent prayer, to God to any god, to help and save him.
Tony watches. Every flex of muscle, concentration written deep in the god’s body, every thrust that Stevos puts in to bring him to completion.
The drawing of Tony on his sketchpad is just as the Tony in real life. Strewn on the sofa, loose fitting clothes, a blanket that barely clung to his body, toes peering from underneath. Curled in tight, appearing smaller than he already look against the bundles of cloth around him. His face lacked the serenity of sleep, Steve had drawn him with the slightest twitch on the brow, lips turned down in a frown, neck turned to the side for comfort.
“Is it suppose to be this way?” Steve breathes, taking in as much of the scent as he can. Now that the initial rush is over, he can detect other smells too. The slight tang of metal, the heady odor of gasoline, perfume (cologne?) that Tony must use. He feels lighter somehow, his brain has given up on any other thought other than ‘
Tony. Tony’s scent. Sweet, strong, tangy, like a Raspberry. Rust, strong on his tongue. Like blood. Smokey, wisps. Like coal. Not bad.
Clint pulls him into a surprise hug, running an inquiring hand over his back before whispering in his ear.
He’s hot, sensitive. Andrew left him a few minutes ago, or has it been an hour already? He’s not sure.
He wants to scream, shout, tear down his screens and rip apart his machines. What’s the point of all this if he was going to die anyway? Who would he entrust the Ironman with? Gods, he needs to make a secondary unit that would fit someone else, so that his work could still live on. And like hell was he going to give it up to the government.
They’re both still wholly naked, though now covered by a blanket that Tony must have placed on top of them at some point. It’s still dark out, hard to tell with the blinds down.
They crack down the mission details within minutes. A small op, stealth, recovery of a stolen weapon cache that had gone missing a few weeks ago. Minimal security, but getting caught might mean an international incident.
Captain America after all. If the staggering amount of backlog data is anything to go by then S.H.I.E.L.D. might actually ninety-nine percent believe you are
“Mutual, I hope?” Tony chuckles, runs a hand over his chest, fingers trailing across his undershirt, teasing and light.
“Oh, don’t mind me. I’m just listening to suggestions. Please do continue. In fact, I might just be a little more inclined to take suggestions now that I see the benefits to it. A suggestion box should be- Oh god, your mouth!” Tony babbles are cut short when Steve engulfs his cock.
Omega, we shall be clear about that now, but still very much a virgin.” There’s another burst of chatter, disbelief rattles throughout the room. Tony knows what an Omega’s expected duty is, and it wasn’t cleaning the house. It was to lie in bed and seduce, produce pups for the Alpha. It was hard to think that this one would be untouched, especially if it already had a first Alpha.
and patterns it into its core database, you can teach it how you move, and it can anticipate what you want to do.” Tony sweeps his palms over the handle, almost lovingly. “You’ve got your personal AI for voice recognition and voice commands, but don’t expect anything as fancy as Jarvis.”
“No. I played the role of anonymous informant. I sent the coordinates to his private email, along with a photograph I took with the satellite I was linked to as proof of authenticity.”
Again, thanks for everyone who left kudos, tho the last chapter didn't get any comments, I wanted to build a bit on kid!Steve anyway. But woah, 800 kudos!!!!
“You are an idiot!” Stevos snarls at him, aggressive steps forward, enough for Tony to nearly fall backwards in his suit. “What is the
But his lucky streak would come to an end sooner or later, and he would need Tony’s help once again. Before that, however, he wanted to be sure that they were both at an understanding.
“You’re off your game, after I was so impressed with how you handled handguns, even if you did hold it one-handed like a
Steve chuckles, gets an idea, hauls Tony before he can protest, and half-drags him to sit all the way up on the couch. It’s easy to fall to his knees, shift to the floor and, lower himself until his chin rests on Tony’s thighs.
I understand. It's a lot to process right now." Tony goes on when Steve remains silent. "It all won't happen right away, I just wanted to tell you, that's all." Tony soothes, bringing his hand to Steve's cheek and stroking.
“How about we try moving targets today, unless an old man like you thinks he can't hit his targets?”
Phil is apparently an expert at being in charge, takes a seat by the table, and then motions for Steve to take the seat across himself. There’s nothing aggressive about the behavior, and Steve feels compelled to obey, a crisp professionalism emanating from the Beta.
Probably not the chapter you've all been waiting for (The next one contains more Stony), which was why I wanted to do one back to back, but I figured you guys have waited long enough.
. Christ Stevie, I’ve been working extra shifts to cover us both.” Bucky says out of frustration, throwing his hands up in the air. “Even so, we don’t get payed by the hour no more, just by how much cargo we load in an’ out. An’ lately it ain’t been a lot.” Bucky shakes his head. “Dock work’s slow, even at three in the morning, they say we’re gonna have to join on the war effort with the Brits soon so there ain’t a lot coming into the city any more.”
spot over and over again. Steve can feel the half-formed knot pressing up against his rim, and hears the hitch in Tony’s pants that means he’s nearing completion.
Steve smiles, notes the slowness of how Tony speaks. “Good morning. A little collusion might be happening. He’s worried about you I think.”
Warmth spreads through him, a pleasurable shudder with every flick of tongue that sparks Steve’s nerves.
So instead of making ya'll wait for Sundays, I'll be posting them as I write and edit, when I feel like the chapter is as good as it's going to get for the subject matter at hand.
Tension runs high, and Tony sheds the last of his clothes. Given the full view, Steve keeps his eyes to Tony’s chest, noting that Tony was indeed thinner than he had been, muscles sharper and more defined, the new arc reactor providing gaunt light. Direct eye contact would mean a challenge.
him from bidding. He flips through the pamphlet, a picture of each Omega on it, with a short apt description. Their height and weight, heritage, blood type, origin, their personality, which Tony snorts at.
“I think Fury just wanted someone experienced to watch me.” Steve says in turn. He’s gone through a summary of Brock’s file. Only two years in SHIELD and he’s completed fifty successful ops, only one mission had gone awry and he’d requested immediate evacuation for his team. He’s never lost a man during a mission.  Steve has to say, he’s quite impressed.
“It ain’t a request!” Bucky snarls, pounds his palms on the table, rattles all the cutlery and plates on it. “I’m
But he gets wet anyway, shame heavy at the back of his mjnd, when Andrew twists fingers into his ass and he gets slicker by the moment, cock even twitching in interest.
’ could still be a symbol to be used. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if they had footage of his awakening.
On top of him, pinning him to the bed with his entire body, Tony sucks a heavy bruise on his shoulder, slows his thrust to a grind. It’s not the first mark that Tony has tried to instill, but the serum prevents any lasting damage, to the Alphas obvious dismay, but it doesn’t stop him from trying.
It was what bothered him the most. Truthfully, he admired the man for his intelligence, his wit and charm, bravery that he’d shown time and time again. But past that, he knew little to nothing about Tony, other than little tidbits he’s managed to pick up; like how the Alpha liked blueberries, preferred his coffee black with no milk or sugar, muttered to himself while he worked, favored the right side of the bed, could apparently cook (still debatable), and was the strangest Alpha Steve has gotten to know yet.
He’s playing it up, and by Phil’s scent he can tell that the agent isn’t exactly buying it. Truth is, he knows that Natasha probably had the dirt on the Alphas and that was what he was trying to get. He tries to feel as miserable as he does, hoping to win Phil over.
access the back code and re-secure the Ironman Mark 7 as property of Tony Stark, and will promptly be destroyed.”
He tries to look up, move his head, but even the slightest movement make the back of his eyes explode into fire, pain that crawls from his eyes and loops around his brain, lands just at the top of his spine that makes him clench with it.
Somehow they manage to spend an hour like that, with Tony’s head inside the machine and Steve handing him things that were out of reach, doing as Tony instructed, or holding onto Tony’s tools until he otherwise needed them.
Steve presses his body to Clint, he can smell the fresh wave of panic and surprise, gathers him in his arms. “I know, okay? I can smell it on you.”
He missed this, when he’d moved back to S.H.I.E.L.D. and went back to using regular shower installation. To say he'd been a bit disappointed was an understatement. Perhaps in the first few days back at SHIELD, he’d quietly wished to be in Malibu again, surrounded by plush things and provided comfort. Admitting does little to ease the guilt, he’d gotten used to the comforts of Tony’s home much too quickly during his first stay.
Steve for all the meaning of the word, like he was just a thing to be passed back and forth. A night, a week, a month, it wasn’t uncommon to throw it up as an acceptable trade, especially when food was scarce and supplies were few. It wasn’t always that bad, a handful of times because even back then people knew it was something of a bad practice, but he knows it hadn’t been a far sentiment from Hardline Alphas in the military, their gaze roaming and near unfolding.
“I wish the two of you could have met. I think he would have liked you. Would probably try to fight you first but he’d have warmed up after a while.” Steve breathes out. “He would have asked all the questions about everything here, from what it’s made off and how it works, and probably if he could make one himself.”
He growls, low and deep, finding pleasure in that thought. Steve knows he shouldn’t, not right now, though his instincts told him that Tony was
“Please, Tony. Just let someone check you.” He tries, hears his voice break on the man’s name because he’s tired and worn out, because he’s worried but he can’t show it.
He feels more than hears Stevos coming as well, his own ass squeezing out every drop of cum that he can from the god’s body. His ass is filled to the brim with the god’s hot sticky cum, he feels it dribble out of his ass, sliding between his crack even as the god thrusts forward one more time to push it all in.
Tony scratches the back of his head, looking pinched. “Sure, the Starkphone isn’t cheap to begin with, better material than Apple for one thing. Collector’s value maybe, as the first phone we officially produced but.” Tony shakes his head, pushing the phone back towards Steve. “Keep it, I don’t know who you’re talking to but I gain absolutely nothing if you return it.”
an Alpha than Tony did, he could still pick up the scent that told him that she was. And while Marlow was definitely a Beta, he wasn’t sure if the cologne had been to try to smell more like an Omega, or simply to enhance his Omega scent.
A short recap on my absence. I had a shitty breakup and I've been feeling down because of it but I'm getting my life together again. New job, new schedule, stopping impulse buying, setting aside more time to write. Yep, my new years resolution.
“Oh, don’t thank me yet. There are still other men about. I’m afraid they are long overdue for punishment.”
“You haven’t done anything wrong, at least not according to your psychiatrists. Unless you feel like going into a murdering rampage on all the Alphas in base.” Steve barks a laugh at that, which has Hawkeye grinning. “Hey man, I’m not gonna tell you not to. Just give a guy a warning, let him be ready with some plausible deniability.”
“Stop being so dramatic.” Bucky scowls, but pulls Steve closer anyway. “You’re not going to get me to cry, you
Tony holds his body, tightly in command, wonderfully aware of the things that would make Steve come and what would not. He brings Steve right to the edge of orgasm, where Steve feels like he’s flying off the sofa in a heated rage to reach his orgasm, only to fall sharply down when Tony pinches his cock enough to hurt, biting down the impending orgasm while Steve sobs his desperation.
“That ain’t fair and you know it.” Steve says sullenly, chest tightening at the thought. “You know as well as I do I ain’t got much choice here.”
“Anything with Chicken and Pork is not allowed. Any sort of Shellfish as well to be safe. Several nuts and fruits in the Cucurbitaceae family that might affect his medication are to be avoided.”
But Clint’s the only Omega in the base he trusts enough to actually give him a straight answer, rather the carefully padded and diluted explanations he gets from his psychiatrist.
He knew the effects of an absent father himself, the strange emptiness, like a something curiously missing. His Ma did her best in raising him, and the Barnes’s family was quickly to fill in whatever space of family he needed and more. It was never a question of loneliness, but a quiet question in the midst of his life.
