“Not even if I say ‘please?’ Come on, Steve. They want me to help them make weapons!” He knows he sounds like a petulant child, but he really doesn’t want to go. At least not alone.
"I know."
"How do two guys have sex?" he asks suddenly, the question startling Clint with its left-fieldness so much that he misses his next shot altogether and the arrow ends up sticking out of a light in the ceiling.
"That's not going to happen. The worst that will happen is he says no. Probably 'I appreciate the compliment, but I'll have to decline.' Or something along those lines. He's too nice to stop speaking to you or kick you off the team. Talk to him," Bruce urges, placing his hand on Tony's arm and squeezing slightly in encouragement.
“I… you…” Tony starts, sitting up slightly and staring at the Captain incredulously for a moment, before sinking back down, “That’s it. You are taking a month long vacation, and you are going to read and watch everything you need to know to get caught up on at least twentieth century references. We can work on the twenty first century a different month.”
"I guess the first thing I want to ask is if you're seeing anyone. Romantically I mean."
"We're sorry for upsetting you Master Clint," Steve says, and Tony reiterates the statement.
“Hill! What the hell was that?” he yells at his second-in-command when the ship finally stops shaking.
"We're sorry we ran away. We didn't mean to scare you," Steve sobs.
When Steve comes into the living room in his full Cap gear, minus the helmet, and carrying his shield, the other four Avengers immediately stop watching their movie and give him their full attention.
“We figured it out. Stephen had to go grab a few things from one of the sanctums, but then we should be able to turn him back to himself,” Bruce informs them happily.
"If we're your family, why did you let those men take us?"
They both nod furiously, though their confusion is still evident on their faces. They both turn to Clint and bow their heads solemnly.
do without, I’m the obvious choice to stay over Tasha. And before you start going off about how I’m important to the team and all that mushy, feely stuff, I came to terms with being the weakest member of this team about thirty seconds after I joined it. You guys can handle one mission without me, and someone has to stay with Tony. End of story. Now go. Save the world. We’ll be fine.”
“Sure.”
On that note, I am not a doctor. Nor am I trained in psychiatry or trauma recovery. However, neither are Tasha, Clint, and Thor. So while I remind you not to tout anything in this story as real and viable methods of helping people deal with trauma, I will also remind you that it is inevitable that the trio will make mistakes and step on invisible mines. They are doing the best they can, but nobody's perfect. And this is also fiction.
"Cool. Come into the kitchen and you can help me whip it up."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry, Clint. I didn’t mean to scare you. I won’t jump on you when you’re sleeping anymore,” Tony promises, giving Clint a small kiss on the cheek, “Will you still show me the apple trick?”
“No, Director, I don’t suppose there is,” Steve responds, letting his anger show plainly, “Now, are you going to hand him over, or does this have to get messy?”
"Fear maybe?" Natasha suggests, hands typing away at the large portable table top computer she'd pulled from Tony's office, "They were really scared when we talked to them," she makes a few more adjustments to the search parameters, and lets the algorithm do its work, "What ever drug they were dosed with might have worn off and they decided to make a run for it while our guard was down."
"You're making me self-conscious, staring like that," Tony mutters, looking away from the Captain's penetrating gaze, "Not fair that I'm the only one naked here."
“How come I have to clean it up?” Clint asks with a pout, “Tony helped make the mess.”
He turns to leave, but a hand on his arm stops him abruptly, the force of the grip startling him slightly.
Tony’s explanation sends a shockwave through the room, with Thor tightly gripping the arms of the chair he’s sitting in, denting them, and Bruce clenching his fists so tightly they turn white, his skin starting to turn green. Clint gives Natasha a hopeless look, which she returns.
“Why don’t you lay down and rest for a little while. It’s been a long day,” Steve stands and carries Tony over to his large bed.
The walk back to the landing dock is just as uneventful as their walk in. Tony clings tightly to Steve’s neck, his face buried in the Captain’s shirt. Steve’s arm supports him from underneath, the other holding the shield in front of him, protecting the boy in his arms. Clint and Tasha flank him, glaring daggers at anyone and everyone until they exit the carrier and see Thor and Bruce standing next to the jet. Clint runs forward to get the jet ready for take off, while Steve hands his shield to Tasha and she goes to stow it away next to the pilot’s seat.
“I love you, Tony,” he whispers, hoping beyond hope that at least the memory of his words will stay with the man he loves. Then he relaxes and joins the boy in sleep.
"Will do. And if you need me, or learn anything else new, let me know," Bruce says, already turning back to his work.
“I think… I’m glad we didn’t talk about it before as well. I don’t know how well I would have received the information, because I was denying it just as hard as you were. Though not for the reasons you think. My main problem was the whole being the team leader thing. If we do decide to act on these feelings, and I’d very much like to, it can’t affect our work,” Steve says seriously.
“Fury thinks he does. But they…” Steve takes a deep breath and tries to control his anger, “They cornered him in an interrogation room. JARVIS, play back my conversation with Fury.”
"You're right. I'll be more useful up there anyway, and SHIELD has a way to deal with the Other Guy if I lose my cool. Which I've been on the verge of doing since Tony woke up and we figured out what happened."
It opens quickly and both of them enter, closing the door just as quickly behind them and glancing around the room to see where the danger is. When Steve smiles up at them from the floor, a small boy in his lap, they relax a little and join Steve on the floor. Tasha hands Steve his shield when he reaches for it, and then he holds it out for Tony to see.
"Yes. We're officially dating. Would you like me to buy you flowers to mark the occasion?"
like he's being torn in half, if you prep him right, and use lube, you won't damage him. Check when you're done, though, just to make sure nothing ripped, but the human body is a lot more accommodating than people think it is. And once you've done it a few times, his body will get a lot more use to the intrusion. That doesn't mean you don't have to do the prep, because I have a feeling that'll always be necessary, but mentally he won't worry about tearing anymore. Does that help? Cause you look like you're about to split a seam," Clint comments with a half laugh at the expression on Steve's face.
“Don’t suppose there’s any point in trying to talk you down, Captain?” he asks, face unreadable.
“Tony, listen,” Clint starts, voice muffled, “That’s not the bow I was using this morning. I was using a practice bow. And while I appreciate the sentiment, you should have asked before you took my entire bow apart. It’ll take several days to recalibrate it so that it doesn’t snap on me during a mission,” he sits up and looks at Tony, feeling slightly guilty at the scared look on the boy’s face.
Tony takes a deep breath and runs a hand through his hair, breathing out forcefully.
"Miss Natasha?" Steve asks that night over dinner, "May I ask a question?"
be punished. However, I need you to promise me that you will never do it again. Can you do that?"
They sit in silence for several minutes, Tony still rubbing circles on Steve’s chest, while Steve pets his hair, and rubs his hand along Tony’s back. After a while has passed, Steve finally speaks.
“Alright. Go ahead and get dressed. We can have some breakfast, and then we’ll see if we can get Clint out of bed.
The article excerpt is not actually from an article, but rather it's pretty much exactly what my Child Psychiatrist friend (whose patients are primarily victims of abuse/domestic violence, drug addicts trying to get clean, and kids with anger management issues,) told me when I asked him what the number one thing he wished his patient's support networks would do.
Exhausted, and having made no headway on a course of action, the team decides to call it a night and table the discussion until morning. Natasha goes back to reading her book, Clint’s feet in her lap as he spreads out on the couch, while Steve opens a book of his own and Thor puts on one of the many action movies he’s been working his way through almost systematically. As the movie passes the halfway point, (Thor is mumbling under his breath at the stupidity of the battle strategy the heroes are using, Steve’s eyes are beginning to droop and he catches himself reading the same paragraph for the third time, Clint is asleep and Tasha is starting to look a little tired herself,) they hear tiny running footsteps coming down the hall, just before Tony sprints into the living room at full speed. Before any of them can react, the boy barrels towards the couch.
"They didn't recognize us when they saw us, so we're assuming their adult memories are gone," Bruce explains, pulling the group's attention to him, "But they also didn't fight us either. And they clung to each other the entire trip here. They wouldn't talk, and fell asleep rather quickly once the jet was in the air, so we didn't get much information out of them. Didn't get
“The apple trick! Like William Tell. Where you shoot the apple off the person’s head,” Tony explains in an almost exasperated tone that sounds strange coming from a four year old, “You said you can hit anything! Will you show me the apple trick?”
"Right. Cause the two trained fighters need me around mucking them up. I'll just watch, thank you," Tony responds, with more heat than he had anticipated, or meant.
Steve takes Tony by the hand and heads for the roof, glancing back to make sure Clint is following them. He waves to Tony from the open back door until Natasha takes off. Once the team is gone, Clint crouches next to Tony, who is wiping away tears from his cheek.
“Steve! Did you see that?! It went right through the middle, like ‘bam’!”
respond to the cackling that comes from the kitchen the second time the boy escapes from Steve’s room,) and has to promise on his shield that he won’t get soap in Tony’s eyes when he washes his hair. Tony is also extremely ticklish, and flails around to get out of Steve’s grasp when the Captain is scrubbing him down to get the flour off of him, which leaves both the bathroom and the exasperated Captain soaking wet. Not to mention the fact that Steve’s never seen the adult Tony naked, (though he thinks about it from time to time when he’s alone in bed,) and is incredibly embarrassed by the entire situation and feels like a horrible voyeur, despite the fact that Tony is currently four, and apparently has exactly zero shame.
“Hi, Tony. My name is Steve. I know you’re scared, but I’m here to take you home now. Would you like that?”
“Yes,” Steve starts, surprised by Tony’s reaction, “I’m Captain America.”
Tony looks at Steve with worry and a little fear in his eyes, before turning to the archer and reaching out his hands for a hug. Clint pulls the boy into his arms and holds him close.
She pulls both boys into a hug, clutching them tightly despite the way their bodies stiffen in her arms. They don't hug her back, but after a few seconds they relax slightly, accepting the contact. She smiles slightly to herself. She knows they've still got a long way to go, and that there will be far more unsettling scenes to come, but she thinks of the confused look on Steve's face when someone makes a pop culture reference he doesn't understand, and the way Tony's eyes light up when he has a new idea for his suit, and she makes a silent promise that she will do whatever it takes to get her friends back, whole and complete.
"JARVIS? What's wrong?" Natasha asks, blinking until her vision clears.
"Hi honey. Do you think you'll be home soon?"
"I believe I shall return to Asgard to see if my people can be of any assistance in tracking down the ones who took our friends. I shall return by the end of the day," Thor informs them.
"How does who do what now?" Clint asks, turning to give the Captain his full attention.
to. They're bombs. That's what bombs do. Explode. Anyway, I wouldn't make any modifications without talking to you first," Tony retorts, feigned hurt in his voice, "Besides, even if something around it
know you two have the hots for each other was the two of you. Everyone else's known probably since the beginning. Couple of us even wanted to intervene a few times, but you both looked like you'd run the moment someone said anything, so we opted to leave you alone and make bets instead."
"We must do something, but I agree with Clint that now is not the time to involve a stranger," Thor interrupts before the argument turns into a shouting match, "We are their family and they are ours, we must handle this ourselves."
“I’m a doctor and a superhero. And I turn into an enormous green rage monster when I get angry,” Bruce answers, using the same description Tony had the first time they’d met, “The big guy is Thor, and the hammer is his weapon. He uses it to summon lightning. It’s magic and only he can use it.”
Both heads jerk up and stare at her in confusion.
The four remaining members of the team nod solemnly. The fight to get Steve and Tony back had been brutal, and when they'd finally found them, they'd had to leave in such a hurry they hadn't had time to analyze any of the tech that had... changed their friends.
wasn't easy, let me tell you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"You could go and join them, you know," Bruce comments over Tony's shoulder.
“NO!” Tony shouts, sitting up and pressing his palms against Steve’s shoulders, “That’s not what I meant. I just meant that we should probably just be up front with the team about it. If we… you know… do this. And I
They watch a movie for a little while, but Tony quickly tires of it, so Clint goes to the large cabinet by the TV to see if there’s a video game he can interest the boy in. When he turns back with Mario Kart in his hand, Tony is gone. Clint has a moment of panic, before he hears a sound from the kitchen. He forces himself to walk at a normal pace into the next room, stopping dead in his tracks at what he sees.
I love writing this story. And I promise you, I haven't abandoned it. If you've read any of my other stories, you may have seen me talk about my daughter, barely a teenager, who would cuddle up next to me while I wrote. She committed suicide very suddenly nearly a year ago, and I just... haven't been able to think or breathe, let alone write. This chapter was mostly finished... before... and since I have actually felt like writing again recently, I cleaned it up, and I'm finally sharing it. I hope it's okay.
“No! NO! Let me go!! Stop hurting me! Help! HELP!”
"He's disgusted by me and never speaks to me again. He kicks me off the team and I lose the only family I've ever had," Tony answers glumly, dropping his face into his hands.
As far as this story is concerned, Tony and Pepper dated for awhile, but are just friends now.
He gently brushes Tony’s hair out of his face, reveling in the look of peace on the so often stressed features. He remembers the first time they’d met, how they’d done almost nothing but fight for the first month they’d known each other. Then he remembers coming downstairs for breakfast one morning and seeing Tony sitting at the bar in his boxers eating cereal and drinking his morning coffee. His heart had skipped several beats, and for a moment, Steve had thought he was going crazy, that he was just touched deprived, so seeing that much skin had brought his distinctive lack of human comfort to the forefront of his mind. Then it had happened again when Tony had started rambling about some new feature he was adding to his next suit. And they’d both been fully clothed then. It had taken the regression incident for him to finally admit to himself how he felt about the other man, and now… he doesn’t know what to do with those feelings. He wraps his arms a little tighter around Tony.
“He’s not actually being hurt, Rogers. One of my agents is just trying to get him to medical…” Fury stops mid-sentence when he hears a distinctive ‘click’ on the other end. He pulls his phone away from his ear and stares at it for a moment in surprise. There are very few people in the world with the balls and lack of self-preservation to hang up on Nick Fury, and he had honestly never thought Steve was the type of person who ever
“I noticed this morning that the string catches a bit when you draw it all the way back. And I was thinking about how I could fix it. I think I have an idea, and I thought I’d try it out and see if it works,” Tony explains, pulling yet another piece of the bow apart.
confident he could beat her in a fight.
"Romanoff, how are they...?"
"Agreed." Thor and Clint say simultaneously,
The little boy nods jerkily and curls even further into himself. Steve smiles and sits all the way on the floor.
The both fall bonelessly to the bed, Steve being careful not to land on Tony, and they curl up together, ignoring the mess they've made of the bed. Steve tosses a blanket over them and softly kisses the top of Tony's head.
Clint nods, and Natasha immediately goes over to where Tony is still standing against the back wall. She kneels in front of him, taking one of his small hands in hers.
"Bruce called early this morning. He needs some more blood samples brought up to the hellicarrier," Natasha informs them.
Steve nods at Tony, and the boy runs into the room, pouncing on the bed and jumping up and down on it, carefully avoiding feet and legs.
"I'm not sure how my dating life, or lack thereof, is important, but I'm listening."
“Your name is Steve?” Tony asks, still glaring slightly.
"You really love us?" Tony asks in disbelief.
“You either want me to call Fury and tell him you can’t help them, or go with you and do the same.” Steve remarks, turning the page with a small smile at the pout on Tony’s face.
"Bout damn time," responds Clint, causing Steve's head to shoot up with a look of incredulous surprise plastered on his face, "You two have been dancing around each other for months. We even had a bet going to see how long it would take you two to get together. Looks like Tasha won. She bet it would take some catastrophic, life altering event for you two to pull your heads out of your asses. I had my money on Valentine's Day. Makes people do weird things. Anyway, I'm glad you guys figured it out. Really was painful watching you watch each other when you thought no one was looking."
"I talked to Clint this morning," Steve interrupts suddenly, "I hope that doesn't upset you. He was the only person I could think of to ask about what to do as he's... currently sleeping with another man, though I doubt he and Phil have the same problem. Anyway, he gave me some advice on what we can do to make it as easy and as comfortable for you as possible. If you still want to, that is."
"Tony, I'm not making fun of you. I like you too. I have for a while. But I didn't say anything because I thought you and Pepper were together. Then, when I found out you weren't, I didn't know
Steve smiles a decidedly evil smile and puts his hands back on Tony’s shoulders, pinning him to the bed with a salacious grin that could melt steel. He doesn’t respond, just leans down and kisses Tony, hard and dirty. It’s everything Tony has ever wanted or dreamed of kissing Steve to be. It’s full of passion and heat, with just the barest undertone of warmth and caring. Steve licks along the seal of his lips, as though asking for permission. Tony opens his mouth just a sliver, and Steve takes it the rest of the way, forcing his way in, twirling their tongues together, sucking Tony’s bottom lip into his mouth, and nipping at it ever so slightly.
Ever mindful of his creator’s wants and needs, JARVIS had ordered ten bushels of apples from the local farmer’s market that are delivered just as Clint’s pouring his second cup of coffee.
"Huh. That probably means our careers as spies are over," Tony quips, sliding into Steve's lap and straddling him.
“Hello there, Tony. I’m Natasha. And this guy here is Clint,” she introduces the two of them.
"What's wrong?" Natasha asks, worried that there was something else about what happened that he wasn't able to share.
Tony's heart leaps into his throat at the mention of husbands beating their wives, and his traitorous dick takes notice of his excitement. He tamps down firmly on the feeling, because getting aroused at the idea of domestic abuse, culturally acceptable or not, is
Tony nods slightly and looks up at him.
“Didn’t… hnngh… didn’t hurt me,” Tony stutters out, his erection very suddenly and painfully making its presence known. “Besides. I kind of… um… get off on… the whole idea.”
“Tony, it’s late. Why aren’t you asleep?” Steve asks, keeping his voice soft, but stern.
"Second of all," he continues, smacking Tony's hand when he reaches for more chips, "It doesn't need a name. It's a weapon. A tool. You don't name tools."
"Tony, you need to talk to Steve. Watching him from the shadows like this is borderline stalking behavior."
They don't respond to her offers, simply continue sitting in their kneeling 'waiting' position, staring at the floor. She sighs soundlessly and gently places a hand on each of their heads.
"It didn't... you startled me, that's all. You really... really feel the same way about me?" Tony asks, still not able to believe what he's hearing, shaking his head to try and clear it just incase he's having an extremely vivid dream.
“No one is going to kick anyone out. You didn’t do anything wrong, Tony. You can look at my shield any time you want, alright? You just have to be careful because it’s kind of heavy and I don’t want you to hurt yourself. But it’s pretty cool, isn’t it?” Steve sits in an arm chair in the corner of his room, and settles Tony in his lap.
Unable to come up with any excuse or another reason not to follow the man, and knowing they won't make it very far if they try to run, Tony and Steve get in the back of the man's car. They hold each other's hands tightly, afraid of where they're going, and what will happened to them when they get there.
Once the exam is finished and Steve has been given an inhaler, instructed in its use, and promised to use it whenever he has a hard time breathing, and to notify them if the problem gets worse, Natasha takes them upstairs and sets them on the couch, turning on a movie. They try to protest, insisting that they can still be helpful, that the injuries won't damage their usefulness, so Natasha ends up having to give them strict orders to stay on the couch and rest for a while. For the first time in a very long time, she fights back tears as she walks away from the scene on the couch. Stepping into the next room, she pulls out her phone and dials Fury's number.
I hope you liked! Leave me a comment and let me know what you thought!
"You're right," Steve says with another smile, and Tony feels like his chest is going to implode if Steve keeps looking at him like that.
"Yes. It helps. Thank you," Steve manages to smile credibly at the archer, "Can we just pretend this conversation never happened?"
“Bruce is busy. I can’t send Thor. Clint has a kitchen to clean, and can’t be trusted with actually getting things that are appropriate. So, either you run to the store or I do. And if I go, that leaves you giving Tony a bath to get all this flour off of him,” Steve says matter of factly. He knows that her silent refusal to go hadn’t been because she isn’t willing to help. Natasha simply hates shopping in all forms, even when it’s for herself.
! A terrified child who thinks you’ve kidnapped him!”
want to. Do this, I mean.”
"Wha...? You...? Why...? Why did you do that?! You better not be making fun of me, or so help me, I will put on my damn suit!" Tony practically screams at Steve, breathing heavily and visibly confused and slightly upset, even though it is the response he was hoping for, if a bit more visceral than he imagined it being.
"Not yet," Natasha answers a bit forlornly, "But he'll call as soon as he knows anything. Why don't we go watch the movie with them, try and bond with them a little."
Deciding that the shirt is in the way, Steve quickly helps Tony out of it, then looks down at him in the soft light from the lamp, admiring his body. Where Steve is made almost entirely of muscle, Tony is lean and taught. To the untrained eye, his body doesn't look like one of a battle hardened warrior, but Steve's eye is anything by untrained. He watches the way the muscles move under Tony's skin, revealing in the feel of them under his fingers. He traces the scars on Tony's chest, memorizing each one, wondering where they all came from. He knows the ones around the reactor are from when he'd been kidnapped, and he makes a silent vow to make sure that no one is ever able to hurt Tony that way again.
"You don't need any more practice," Tony says smuggly, "You never miss a shot."
“Do you have the shield?” Tony asks suddenly, turning his head in every direction to find it.
"We better. That man could eat a grocery store and still be hungry."
the appropriate response, and because after seeing Steve's face scrunch up with disgust at the idea of it, Tony is fairly certain Steve will think less of him for wanting something like that. He recovers quickly and stops pacing long enough to respond and change the subject.
"Where the hell did they get money?" Clint demands surprised.
They stand, Clint and Natasha each carrying one of the boys and head out to the car, ignoring the curious glances from the collected cops at the station.
Steve and Tony share another look, then Steve nods once. Clint stands and goes to the couch where Natasha is sitting, and places Steve on the seat next to her. Immediately, a hand snakes out of Tony’s blanket and grips Steve’s tightly.
"We know our place Mistress Natasha," Tony responds, taking the sketchbook and pencils and setting them on top of the unopened boxes of legos, "We know slaves aren't allowed to play. Thank you for testing us and reminding us of our position in the household. We are ready to work now if you'll show us what needs done."
The next morning, Natasha rises early and finds Clint missing from their bed. It doesn't surprise her. She'd had a restless night herself, her sleep filled with nightmares. She can hear the dull thunk of someone hitting Steve's punching bag, and quickly slips into her workout clothes to go and join him. As she heads for the door, she notices Steve sleeping on the floor at the foot of her bed. He wakes when she touches his shoulder and quickly kneels in front of her.
Natasha lays a calming hand on Clint's arm and he takes several short but deep breaths, trying to rein in his temper.
“Y-you’re awake? You… you heard me?” Steve asks, terrified of the answer.
Tony looks up at him from the screen where he's been watching Steve and Clint train on the security footage and glares.
"Thank you, Clint. Really," he says, grateful for the assistance, awkward as it was for him.
"Fine. Excellent. You busy?" Tony says quickly, trying to keep himself from simply turning and running back to his lab.
When she returns from tucking them in, Clint's face is drawn and he looks a little sick.
"I was. But just because I was raised a certain way, doesn't mean it's the right way. I was also raised during a time when men beat their wives if they disobeyed them, or burnt dinner. That was no more right than believing that only certain kinds of love are acceptable."
“It’s morning. Can we do the apple trick now?” Tony inquires in an animated whisper.
"No," Steve insists, hiding a smile by standing and taking his plate to the sink, "I'm not naming it. End of discussion."
The question catches Steve off guard, much as the shield naming question had, and Steve's eyebrows shoot up and a slight blush tinges his cheeks.
“You are not
"I'm fine," Tony assures him, pulling him in for another mouthwatering kiss, "I promise."
Clint snorts slightly, but quiets quickly when Tasha smacks him none so gently on the arm. She turns and smiles softly at Tony.
"Make sure they're eating. Food might have been used against them or withheld, so we need to make sure they actually eat the food we give them," he offers, eyes dark with repressed memories of his own past, "They'll likely horde it, put anything and everything into their pockets to eat later when they're alone. They might steal food from the kitchen if they think they can get away with it. But if we catch them doing it, they'll expect a hefty punishment. And if we leave it out and tell them to help themselves, they'll likely assume it's a trap and they'll never touch it."
. She looks up at her friends, her young innocent friends, and the anger and pain well inside her.
Bruce thinks for barely a minute before he nods in agreement of her assessment.
“It had its moments,” Clint agrees, starting the race over and adding a tally slot for Steve, and then others for Natasha and Thor when they grab controllers as well. Tony ends up winning the little spur of the moment racing tournament, to exactly no one’s surprise. Steve caves to Tony’s desire to have pizza for dinner, and they each make their own individual pizzas, choosing their own toppings. By the time dinner is over, it’s almost time for bed. Steve gives Tony a bath, with much less muss and fuss this time, and reads him a few books before they turn in for the night. Bruce greets him when he returns to the living room, a large smile on his face.
Tony nods and Clint pulls his hand away.
"Tony, little one, why were you striking your brother?" He keeps his tone soft and calm, not wishing to frighten either boy.
"You two scared us, running away like that," Clint says calmly, keeping his expression kind, "Why did you do that?"
“Oh. Okay,” Tony’s face immediately falls and he stares down at his feet where they dangle off the edge of the seat. “Will you maybe come visit me sometime? You don’t have to though. You guys have to fight the bad guys, so you’ll probably be too busy.”
Steve nods in agreement and understanding. He'd been just as shocked as Tony the first time he'd taken off his clothes and really looked at himself. He reaches to pull the covers up over them, but a hand on his wrist stops him.
Tony looks at her for a moment, sadness in his face and tears in his eyes.
"Would you prefer something different?" Natasha asks softly, "I can have JARVIS order anything you'd like."
“I’ll be back as soon as I can,” he promises in a whisper, “You be good for Clint, and as soon as I get home, we’ll eat pie, and I’ll make you anything you want for dinner, alright?”
"Yes, Miss. I apologize for causing you inconvenience."
Clint sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
"It's not unpronounceable. It's Mjolnir, and it's older than Earth. Hulk is Bruce's hero name. Your suit names are just their model numbers, though they don't go in any kind of perceivable order that I can tell. Natasha calls them Widow Makers because they're hers, and they are. And Agent Coulson and Barton do stranger things than name their weapons. Just because they have doesn't mean I have to follow suit. And even if I did I wouldn't name it Disc of Death," Steve counters, quickly finishing his lunch to keep Tony from eating the rest of it.
“Well, I have faith in you guys. You’re the closest thing to family he’s ever had. I know you’ll figure it out,” she pats his arm encouragingly then leaves and heads back to work.
"Can you neutralize it?" Natasha asks worriedly.
Steve leans heavily against the closed door once he leaves the room, taking long, deep breaths. He knows it isn’t the same as hearing it from the adult Tony, the one he is starting to admit he actually loves, but it still caught him off guard and made his heart skip a couple beats. He just hopes that Tony doesn’t remember anything once he’s turned back, because even though Steve knows and has accepted that Tony will never return the feelings the Captain has for him, Steve couldn’t bear the loss of the other man’s friendship, tentative as it is at times.
“Clint! You gotta do the apple trick!” Tony insists, grabbing Clint’s face between his hands and leaning in until his nose is almost touching Hawkeye’s.
to. Probably whenever he wants, and isn't that a hell of a thing.
“Director Fury. Has Stark broken something again?” Steve says, half jokingly.
Once both bows are fixed, Clint offers the video game as an option for what to do next, and Tony readily, and ecstatically, agrees. When the team walks back through the door, they find Clint and Tony, sitting on the floor of the living room, a digital tally board showing them tied five and five for first place. They are neck and neck on the last lap of Rainbow Road, and so engrossed in their game, they don’t notice that everyone is back until Steve clears his throat loudly.
"We were so scared! We begged and begged and did everything they said, but they still hurt us!"
Steve shakes his head, hands raised slightly at his side, though whether it’s in defense or surrender, he has no idea. Tony sighs and drops back down, laying his head on Steve’s chest and pulling the covers up to cover them.
"How bad are we looking at?"
Tony stares blankly at Steve for a few long seconds, mouth hanging open slightly in shock. Then his usually brilliantly fast brain catches up to what's happening and he stumbles as he tries to find the right words for to respond to what just happened.
Steve sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
“Unknown, Sir. But it looks like it came from the research sector,” Maria answers.
Steve doesn't say anything right away, which causes the weight to press down even harder. Then Steve takes a deep breath of his own and smiles at Tony. Then he steps forward, grabs the back of Tony's head, and pulls him in for a mind numbing kiss that leaves tingles on both their lips when Steve pulls away.
“Sorry. I forget how strong I am sometimes. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
pouring himself another drink, "Look, I suck at this whole talking about feelings thing. So I'm just gonna be blunt."
Tony bristles, and is about to deny watching the man with some excuse about hoping to absorb some of their techniques through visual osmosis, but then deflates suddenly, his face losing the mask of calm aloofness. He's known about his feelings for the Captain for a long time, and he isn't surprised Bruce noticed. They spend most of their time together, after all. He sighs and runs a hand through his hair, suddenly exhausted from the strain of keeping it all inside.
“Yep. Steve Rogers.”
“He’s gone now. I won’t let him, or anyone else, hurt you anymore. I promise.”
Clint drops his book into his lap and turns on Tony.
They carry the boxes down to the shooting range, and while Clint picks out a bow from the wall, Tony picks out several apples and runs to the far wall, placing one on his head.
“Clint, you don’t have to be the one to…” Steve starts, trying to think up an argument against having Clint stay that the archer will believe and accept.
"I... it's..." Steve starts, trying to both find the words and the courage to say them, "Tony and I have... decided to... start a relationship," he says finally.
“Hurraaaaaaaaay!” Tony shouts, jumping down from the bed and running out into the hall.
They both fall asleep soon after, wrapped in each other's arms.
“Have fun, Tony.” Bruce waves as his friend leaves.
"Steve's asthmatic," Clint answers before Bruce can, smirking a little, "Didn't you read his file?"
Clint looks at him and balks a little.
“Okay. I assume you mean you would have run away from the conversation and gone even further into your denial?” Steve asks, hoping his contextual assumption is correct.
Steve groans and buries his head back in his hands, wishing fervently that he didn't know any of this information about Clint's sex life.
Merry Christmas!
"I shall place my hammer in the locked vault in my room. It may be best to place the good Captain's shield there as well."
"Wait, what? Why does my shield need a name? And what kind of name is Disc of Death?" Steve asks, looking up from his lunch with a look of pure confusion on his face.
Natasha finds that she very suddenly has to sit. She drops to the floor and feels her calm resolve crumple, her heart shattering. Clint's words echo in her head.
“I’m up. Toss me a shirt.”
"I believe I shall attempt to make some of the Captain's famous pancakes for breakfast. How does this sound?" Thor asks, setting Tony on the ground.
“And here I was thinking we were actually starting to be friends. I won’t make that mistake again.”
By silent agreement, they convene in the living room, with Clint and Natasha each ending up holding one of their sleeping comrades. Gently, more gently than anyone in the room has ever seen her be, Natasha tries to wake the sleeping Tony that's ended up on her lap. She carefully jiggles his shoulder, speaking his name in increasingly louder tones, though she never gets anywhere close to yelling. Finally, after several tries, he stirs and opens his eyes. His big brown eyes stare up at her for a moment, then he finishes waking up and really sees her. He pulls into himself, mouth forming into a tight line.
“Most likely,” Steve chuckles warmly, “Speaking of them, do you have any idea how lucky you are to be alive right now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So do I,” Steve agrees, sliding his hand a little lower down Tony’s back, till it rests on the curve of his hip, and Tony has to strain not to arch into the touch, “Very much.”
"Hello Sir. My brother and I are just going out for a walk. Our parents know where we are. They're going to meet us a little later," Tony answers, hoping his face doesn't show how terrified he is and give away the lie.
“But what if… what if he changes back? Then he’ll have an arrow in his chest, and I’m pretty sure that’s bad for his health,” Clint counters.
"We have to tell them what they did was wrong, but not because they are bad, but because they were taught bad things by evil people. That's the only thing I can think of," Natasha says, sounding unconvinced of her own plan.
“Woooohoooo!” Tony yells and goes to his pile of clothes, pulling on one of his new shirts and nearly falling over in his excitement.
“So that’s your play!” Tony cries triumphantly, standing up to glare at Steve and missing the contact immediately. “I’m your sacrificial lamb to keep the SHIELD demons at bay for a few more months!”
“Of the two people on this team you can
The pies are barely out of the oven and sitting on their cooling racks when the assemble alarm activates, startling Tony so badly he runs into the pantry and hides. Steve quickly deactivates the alarm and opens the door to let Tony know everything is alright. By the time he’s convinced the boy that the bad guys have
“Wow,” the brunette finally says, “This is so cool!” After several moments, Tony finally pulls his attention away from the shield and looks at Clint and Natasha. “Are they your new Commandos?”
“Like the Commandos?!” The excitement is back in Tony’s eyes at Steve’s revelation.
“It detonated? Is Tony alright? Was he hurt? And what do you mean by side-effects?” The joking tone is gone from Steve’s voice, and genuine concern and worry replace it.
Sometime later, when they've recovered from the shock and devastation of learning what happened to their young teammates, they are standing in the living room trying to decide what to do next. None of them have spoken to the boys since the incident, and they know they should, but they can't figure out what to say. After several minutes of awkward silence, Natasha turns to Clint.
They nod and obediently go and kneel in front of the couch facing the television. JARVIS immediately starts up "Meet the Robinson's" and Natasha is pleased with the choice. She doesn't try and convince them to actually sit on the couch, that's a battle for a later day. Knowing they'll stay where they are, she heads to the guest room.
“Tony, Clint thinks you’ll enjoy the trick more if you watch it. And you can’t really see it if you’re the one with the apple. So I’m going to put the apple on my head while you watch from over by Steve,” Natasha informs the boy, plucking the apple from his head.
Once the meal is over and the boys have helped him do the dishes, they settle down on the floor to watch another movie. Clint tries to convince them to sit on the couch with him, but they decline unsurprisingly. Clint spreads out on the couch and within five minutes of watching "Finding Nemo" his exhaustion catches up to him and he is fast asleep, dead to the world.
"And say what, Bruce? That I can't stop thinking about him? That he's a perfect human being with a god-like body that I spend every waking and sleeping moment dreaming about touching? That hearing his voice in my ear during a fight is so distracting I turn my com off half the time just so I can focus on the task at hand? How exactly am I supposed to say those things to him?" Tony asks, turning back to the computer screen.
“That’s right. After I came back, I became a part of a new team. We help keep the world safe from the bad guys.”
bow, which Tony has now taken completely apart, is
“No! I’m not going anywhere with you or your goons! And if you don’t let me go, my dad is going to call his friend Captain America to come get me, and then you’ll all be sorry you ever messed with a Stark!” Tony fires back, voice sharper than one would expect from someone so small.
"I can't believe you went to the sex store without me!" Tony cries in shock, "Strike that. I can't believe you went to the sex store!"
“I could ask you the same question!” Tony says a bit heatedly, though Steve can tell there’s no real malice behind his words. Tony runs his hands along Steve’s chest, drawing indiscernible patterns.
Steve’s heart twinges guiltily. He hadn’t even thought about how Tony would react if he wasn’t there. He gently pries Tony’s arms from his legs and kneels down to apologize to the boy, but Tony has apparently already forgiven him and has much more exciting things he wants to talk about.
“Tasha?” Clint starts.
"How do we proceed?"
"Good. Something the matter?" Steve asks, voice worried, "You look a little pale."
! And then Natasha said that she could take out a bad guy with a toothpick, which is really scary if it’s true, but also kinda cool. And she said that as soon as you got home we could have pancakes for breakfast. Can we?”
The room is in a silent shock for several long moments while the team tries to process the bizarre question. Natasha recovers first, brushing a lock of hair from Tony’s face and causing him to flinch, which shocks her and she quickly pulls her hand away.
Clint and Natasha both nod in agreement and Thor heads to their bedroom. A few moments later he returns, Steve and Tony walking obediently behind him. They enter the room and resume standing in their 'punishment' stance.
"What do you mean? All the tests indicate that their bodies are four years old," Bruce asks, confused, and she can still hear the repressed anger in his voice.
She shoves a few agents out of her way as she spies the jet. It lifts off the ground the moment she's inside and takes off, presumably without authorization. She'll get an earful from Fury later, but at the moment she doesn't care. Something has happened at home, and the tone she'd heard in Clint's voice is one she's only heard one other time. After the dust had settled from the battle in New York, she had found him in his room drinking himself into a coma, blaming himself for all the people and agents lost while he was under Loki's control. He sounded the same way then as he did now. Broken.
Tony runs over to where Steve is standing, and Clint nocks an arrow. Once Natasha has the apple balanced and is holding still, he lets the arrow fly, and it hits the apple dead center, chunks flying in every direction. Tony whoops with joy and bounces up and down, tugging on Steve’s shirt.
"It's bad. Really bad. And I don't think we know the half of it yet. We've got to find a way to turn them back, and soon. And then pray they don't remember any of this," she answers, repressed tears threatening to spill.
Clint stands in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room watching the boys watch their movie. They're still kneeling on the floor, but they no longer protest about not being useful. It's progress at least. He can feel his body straining against his exhaustion, but he welcomes the feeling. As long as he's been an operative, and for even much longer than that, the only way he's been able to deal with emotional overload, is to work himself ragged until he collapses. He doesn't sleep, he barely eats, and he trains constantly. After three or four days his body finally gives up the fight, and he falls into an almost catatonic sleep for half a day. When we wakes, he always feels better and ready to handle whatever new horrors the world has decided to throw at him. He can tell he's close to a collapse, but knows it can wait until Thor and Natasha return.
"What do we do now? How do we handle this while SHIELD works on a way to turn them back?" Bruce asks, staring down at his feet, mouth set in a firm line.
"Technically, your shield is my project. I'm trying to see if there's any way to make it better."
"JARVIS," she says into her com, "Get the jet started and get us in the air as soon as I'm on board."
“Well, you can’t back out of showing him. Could you do it if one of us balances the apple?” Steve suggests.
Tony gives him a grin that could light the entire state of New York. He runs a hand through his tousled hair and gently fingers the bruise that's peaking out from the collar of his shirt.
“Of course I complained!” Tony defends himself, puffing out air and cuddling closer, hoping Steve doesn't decide to pull away, “I didn’t want you to suspect how I felt. I was denying I was feeling it myself. If you had confronted me then, I would have backed so far into the closet, I would have been in Narnia.”
Steve crawls across the table and lands in Natasha's lap, hugging her just as tightly and crying into her shirt.
They jump up from the floor and rush to the kitchen, eager to be helpful. They take seats at the bar, and Clint pulls out bread and sliced cheese, putting them to work buttering the bread and putting the cheese on. They are quick and efficient, and in no time the soup is ready and the sandwiches are golden and crispy. The boys devour them with fervor, intrigued when Clint tells them about dipping the sandwich in the soup.
“I’m not going to help you level another SHIELD facility just because you don’t want to deal with their scientists for a few hours. And if you really don’t want to help them, don’t go. I’ve seen you talk your way out of far more dangerous and unpleasant situations than this. You’ll be fine.” Bruce chuckles softly under his breath while he scribbles an idea down in a notebook on his desk.
"Hey! Not everything I make explodes. Although, in my defense, most of the things that do are
Hey guys.
“I’m ready, Clint!” he announces, holding perfectly still.
“My name is Natasha. The man who was holding you is Clint. The big blond guy is Thor, and the other man in that chair over there is Bruce.” Natasha points to each person in turn, watching the boys for any sign of recognition. There’s none.
“No, I don’t. But I also know that by the time you actually get around to helping them, they’ll be so fed up with dealing with you, they’ll either scrap the whole project, or decide to figure it out on their own.”
The two boys stare silently at them, refusing to answer.
“Your dad thinks it will be safer, while we try and figure out why those men took you,” Natasha adds suddenly, shocking all the other members of the team. None of them had actually thought about what they were going to tell the boy, who for all intents and purposes is a four year old Tony Stark, whose parents are still alive and well, and would want to know why he is going to stay with Steve and his team instead of being taken home, “But we need to keep where you are a secret, so I’m sorry, but you won’t be able to talk to your parents until we’re certain you won’t be taken again.”
“Yes, Sir,” comes her response.
Clint puts a hand under Steve's chin and lifts his face until their eyes meet.
"Everything kind of feels small, like I'm bigger than I'm suppose to be, but Bruce thinks that should wear off in the next day or so," Tony answers with a sigh, "Speaking of things that are bigger than they're supposed to be..."
“Because I feel the same way. Have for awhile. First time I saw you in that spangly outfit of yours, thought my heart was going to beat right out of my chest. I shrugged it off as my childhood hero worship rearing its ugly head. Then I saw you come out of the shower one time, towel wrapped around your hips, water dripping down that perfect body of yours… and it wasn’t my chest that felt too tight that time. So while I
“Different kind of partners, but yeah. Sure. You and Steve are partners,” Clint agrees, rolling out of bed and throwing on the nearest pair of pants, “Okay, okay, stop jumping. Let me get dressed and get some coffee, alright. Then we can go down to the range and shoot some apples.”
“I’m sorry! I just wanted to look at it. I won’t do it again! I promise! Please don’t kick me out!” Tony blurts out quickly, tears starting to run down his cheeks.
“The SHIELD hellicarrier,” Steve provides in a clipped voice.
"Why did you give us new names?"
The flight is short, but quiet. No one knows what to say or do about what's happened. When they arrive home less than a half hour later, Thor is the first one to speak.
"They're bad people aren't they?" Steve asks, slipping his hand into Tony's as they walk.
“I believe the Hawk has almost completed his checks. We should leave now, before the Director changes his mind,” he states solemnly, eyes continuing to scan the deck for any agents who might decide to challenge them.
“Yes. So, honestly… I’m glad neither of us said anything. If you had… bad things would have happened, and we would have never ended up where we are now. And if I had… well I wouldn’t have. Really kind of thought you still didn’t even like me until you told mini-me I could sleep in your room,” Tony comments, a little under his breath.
"We saw the video on the TV. You use weapons to kill people, lots of people, all the time! We saw it! The TV said you almost destroyed the whole city!"
"No, Miss. I'm sorry."
"An awesome name, that's what kind. What, you don't like it?" Tony retorts, snagging a few chips from the Captain's plate.
Tony bows his head in shame.
“Smart ass.” Tony snaps, leaning in a little more, but not because he enjoys the warm solidness of Steve against him. “You don’t want me to help them anymore than I do.”
"Clint, I don't know how to handle this. I don't know what to say or what to do to make this better, make this right. I barely had a clue when we were just dealing with physical abuse!"
“As you all probably know,” Steve starts, “SHIELD called Tony in this morning to look at an alien artifact they’d recovered and see if there was any potential for weaponization. It apparently detonated while Stark was working on it. Fury doesn’t think he’s badly hurt, but they haven’t been able to do a medical exam because it… well… it turned Tony into a four year old. A very scared four year old, who doesn’t know who anyone is or where he is, and thinks he’s been kidnapped.”
This chapter is a little shorter than the others, I'm sorry! But I wanted to get the next chapter posted. Thank you so much for all of the comments and love you have given this story!! It gives me motivation to write more!
"If you need me to return, call out to Heimdall, I shall leave at once," Thor agrees.
"JARVIS," Natasha says, terror filling her voice, "Find them. I don't care how many laws you have to break. Find them."
“Hey. I’m not mad, okay? I promise. And you can stay here as long as you like. We’ll just tell your dad it’s not safe to come home, and you can live here for the rest of ever, kay? And I’m sure your idea is going to work. So why don’t we go get the bow I used on the apples, and you can show me how you were thinking of fixing the string?”
As he stands there, he hears a distinctive growling sound coming from the living room, and sees Tony curl around himself trying to stop the noise. Steve's stomach echoes the sentiment. Clint curses himself for not watching them more closely, as they probably didn't eat much for breakfast. Checking his watch, Clint decides it's the perfect time for lunch.
when they do something wrong. We probably shouldn't try and touch them very much for a few days. Let them come to us. Tell them they are very good, praise them when they do pretty much anything, and tell them we love them constantly," she turns to Clint, "Anything I missed?"
They arrive at the police station at nearly eight in the morning, exhausted and frazzled. Natasha and Clint flash their SHIELD badges, which JARVIS has assured them are still active, and the cop at the desk takes them into an interrogation room in the back. The boys are sitting at the table holding hands and looking incredibly terrified. When they see the three adults enter, the looks of fear intensify and they huddle closer together. As soon as JARVIS assures them that the surveillance equipment is down, Natasha and Clint take seats opposite the boys while Thor stands in one of the corners near the door, close enough to catch them if they try to run, but not so close that he's blocking the exit.
"We didn't give you new names, honey. Those are the names you've always had. What did you think your names were?" Natasha asks, knowing that the last thing she wants to hear is the answer.
"Hey! I like the name. And just to prove how awesome it is, I'm gonna go find Steve right now and tell him the new name." Tony gathers up his tablet and heads for the door, his walk heavy with his usual swagger. Bruce's laugh follows him out the door.
Steve glares at him and takes another bite of his turkey sandwich.
“Okay!”
Once Tony is gone, Clint gives Steve a horrified look, his hand shaking as he pulls it out from underneath his leg, a four inch blade clutched in his fist. He drops it to the floor, eyes wide.
"Good idea. JARVIS, we need clothes and toys for the boys. And anything else you can think of that might help us... deal with this," she waves her hands vaguely in the direction of the living room and the problems associated with trying to help two abused boys. Let alone two abused boys who used to be their friends.
do that to a
Natasha releases Tony's wrist and he hugs his arms to his chest, fear written plainly on his face. He can't meet Thor's eyes as he replies.
"I have a thought about that," Bruce informs her, and she can hear the shuffling of papers in the background, "Their blood work came back and there's a strange substance we can't identify. It looks like they might have been drugged."
“No, Tony. Remember what I said last night?” Steve asks, picking Tony up, “You can’t wake Clint up by jumping on him. He has a very dangerous skill set, and if you surprise him, he might hurt you on accident. I’ll wake him up first, then you can jump on him.”
Tony turns towards Bruce and looks at him curiously for a moment before nodding. Thor steps over to them and places a hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
Tony squares his shoulders and answers her question.
“No one owns you, sweetheart. Why do you think that?”
? I can't believe this."
try to kill him, and he’s
Steve pulls Tony into a hug, silencing his attempts to convince the Captain of the logic behind his request. It’s painfully obvious to Steve that Tony is afraid of being alone, and the look of desperation on his little face nearly breaks Steve’s heart. For a second, he vaguely wonders how he was ever able to say no to the adult Tony, because he knows for a fact that if the tiny one keeps looking at him like that, he’ll never be able to deny him anything. He just hopes it’s not a problem that remains once Tony is an adult again.
. And that’s not something he’s going to tolerate from anyone, not even SHIELD, no matter what strange phenomenon has turned his teammate into a four year old.
“Hey there, bud. Would you like to go sit by Tony?”
be gained if Steve returns the feelings. There have been several times during conversations or playful banter in the kitchen or lab when Tony has had to stop himself from just leaning in and kissing the other man. He'd felt... something from Steve, but has never been sure of what it was. Maybe Steve does feel the same way about him, but has been waiting for Tony to make the first move. God knows with Steve's personality, the good Captain would never be the one to do it.
“Hey there, Tony,” Natasha says gently, helping him sit up on her lap, “We’re home now. Are you hungry? Would you like something to eat?”
this. Just as much as you do. But you're right. I am still nervous, though Clint told me I shouldn't be. What all did he tell you?"
"I'll be there as fast as the jet can fly. Hold tight Clint. I'm coming."
"Clint. You have to tell me what happened. I can't help if I don't know the situation," she tries to reason with him.
"STOP!" Clint shouts at the top of his lungs, "Stop talking, right now!"
“Tony?” he asks, trying to open his eyes. His room is still dark, but the barest hint of light can be seen creeping through the curtains. “What time is it?”
He steps out of the room, leaving the frightened child alone with one of his agents, hoping he might calm down enough to reason with. Pulling out his phone, he dials Steve’s number. Tony had been looking into an alien artifact when it had apparently exploded, so he’s going to need Banner’s help figuring things out. And in his experience, passing all communication with the Avengers through Steve has proven to be the best way to avoid unnecessary confrontation… and collateral damage.
go on a tirade about boundaries, and team fraternization, and about how I’m not gay, and about how creepy it is that you realized all this while I was
Steve drizzles a large amount of lube onto his cock, coating himself thoroughly, and positions the tip of his dick at Tony's entrance. Slowly, pausing at any sign of discomfort, he presses himself inside his lover, the blissful pleasure of Tony's velvety walls around him nearly causing him to lose control of himself.
“Narnia?” Steve asks, suddenly very confused and wondering what part of the conversation he’s missed, “Where’s Narnia? And what does a closet have to do with it?”
Tony gasps for an exceptionally long time, awe and wonder in his eyes. Steve doesn’t know what to say so he just smiles at the boy.
"You can... move faster... than that.." Tony says breathlessly, gripping the sheets beneath him until his knuckles are almost white, his own cock nearly purple with his need.
"Yes. We can't have any weapons out where they can see or get to them. I don't want them to think we intend to use them as punishment, or to try and use any of them against us."
Everyone looks up from their seat on the plane, stopping in the middle of removing their seat belts to stare up at him.
“You have a jet?!”
important was damaged.”
"Then why are you keeping us around, huh? Are we your pets? We just sit there and look pretty? You barely let us do anything but sleep and watch the TV. Or did you buy us to use as practice dummies when you design a new weapon? Or to use as bait for the people you're fighting? What are we to you?!" Tony screams, standing in his chair and leaning over the table at them.
JARVIS, true to form, sends a list of necessities to SHIELD and the items are delivered later that day. Clint and Thor set up the bunk beds in one of the guest rooms while Natasha lays out the toys in the living room and shows them to the boys. Tony is intrigued and excited by the legos, and Steve can't take his eyes away from the art supplies, but neither boy will touch them.
"Yes, Sir."
Tony nods shortly, putting his tools away and giving the archer a huge hug before letting himself be led down to the archery range. Hawk takes the bow in question down from the wall and hands it to Tony, sitting next to him and handing the boy the appropriate tool when he asks for it. It takes them several hours, but Tony finally finishes applying his changes to the bow, and Clint is impressed when he pulls back and the old string doesn’t catch anymore. He makes a mental note to have the adult Tony make the same changes to all his other bows once he’s back to normal.
Tony drops his head back onto Steve’s chest and immediately falls back to sleep. Steve lets out a breath he hadn’t been aware he’d been holding. He knows it’s selfish of him, that he should wake Tony up and help him back to his own room, but he’s dreamed of feeling Tony’s body pressed up against his for so long… he just wants to make the moment last as long as possible. And in the morning, he can claim that neither of them woke up when he returned to normal, and they can both put the fact that they cuddled behind them. Well… Tony can put it behind him. Steve knows he’s going to cherish this moment for as long as he lives.
Making up his mind, Tony gathers his courage and steels himself against the possible rejection. Then he turns off his monitor screen, where the image of Steve and Clint shows him the two are finishing up their training session, grabs his coat, and heads for the door, sending up a pray to whoever is listening that this doesn't blow up in his face like so many other things.
As always, let me know what you thought in the comments!
