Dean sighed softly knowing that he needed to accept that. "You don't have to do that. You're the guest." He forced out a chuckle and rolled his eyes at himself knowing it sounded fake. He stood up and moved to turn on the light hoping that he could at least appear normal even if he couldn't force himself to sound it.
Dean watched in awe as Cas’ body began to slowly come out of the timid stance as if it were going through some kind of awakening. At first it was a couple of head bobs with the music before both hands moved to the mic, singing with his eyes closed and head tilted back.  He was losing himself in every word and experience and Dean thought it was one of the most beautiful things he had ever seen.
He stood quietly for a moment and Dean made no attempt to fill the silence. “Do you think I can just hang out here for a minute and enjoy the peace before I walk back and hear that I’m getting fired?” Dean looked over, his face seeming conflicted as he stared at the man. He wanted to leave this mess that Sam got him into. He was sure that no beer, food, or chick was worth the stress he’s endured over the past three hours, let alone the three months he had signed on for. But he still felt bad that his decision was going to cost anyone a paycheck. He didn’t think the guy realized that he was rocking back on his heels some. He would have thought it was a nervous gesture if his face didn’t look completely confident the way he was staring directly at him and maintaining eye contact the whole time that he waited for an answer.  The bit of stubble on his face and naturally tussled hair was unlike any of the other crew that he had seen here. Most had that Hollywood vibe of clean shaven expensive ass clothes and a shit-eating grin to go with it. This guy was the first normal person he had seen all day. He supposed he could definitely use some more of that.
. The thought burst through without warning and he turned away quickly shoving his books into his locker before slamming it causing Balthazar to wince, though he didn’t notice.
Meg rolled her eyes.  She may have finally passed her audition, barely, but she thought her excuse was more reasonable than just skipping call time. “Cas is drunk off his ass at the bar. He’s been at my house all day, drinking for half of it. No signs of slowing down and hasn’t exactly told me what’s triggered him.”
Dean almost commented but before he got a word out Cas looked down and his smile fell leaving him unsure of what words to say. “You’ll be with us next time.” Dean settled on after a few more seconds deciding that he would make it happen whether that meant picking him up or planning a night when he wasn’t busy at the club rehearsing. Cas obviously needed more than what he was currently getting at the club with his brother and with Meg. “If you want to, I mean. Charlie usually picks the movies but sometimes it’s just me and Sam too. Or just me if Sam goes out or whatever.” He felt like he was rambling but he was just hoping he wasn’t coming across as bossy or overly concerned. Deep down for whatever reason, he just wanted the guy to be happy.
“Cas is… I don’t know…” Dean shook his head softly trying to find the words to explain his actions. He sighed. “Cas is light, okay? And there’s a whole lot of darkness around him right now.” He glanced at Chuck before focusing on the empty glass in front of him, which he found was a
“I didn’t even get the chance to say anything. I let myself in to head up to his room and he caught me in the hall and kissed me. I should have pushed him away faster but I was so caught off guard and in my own emotions with the whole thing that I kissed back. I don’t know if it was the alcohol or what, but for the first time in years, he wasn’t holding back. And of course, that’s when your father walked in.”
Dean's faux rich bitch facade fell for just a second as the man described how tight the angels were. And the males getting wet... that was only in
“What do you want?” Castiel asked pointedly as the silence stretched on longer than Gabe would normally let it.
“No problem, boss.” He clicked his tongue with a wink and manned his station, hopping on a computer to change tracks and some of the settings on his soundboard to prepare for the new line up.  Gabriel watched him for a second before turning his attention elsewhere knowing that
“Good to hear, man” he said looking relieved.  “Hey can you look over these notes from the meeting?  I was headed up to get some breakfast, I can run it all by you really quick.  Wanna join me?”
Shouldn’t I be asking you that?” He chuckled but there wasn’t anything funny about it.  Cas squinted some as he watched Dean animatedly talk with his hands in a way that he wouldn’t usually. “Anyway I’m jus’ hangin’ out and gon’ get some shut eye if you know whatta mean. Why, how’re you?” The words rushed out in his drunken state and he blinked hard as he tried to keep his face looking normal hoping that he was passing for sober.
knowing... felt like coming to a fork in the road. One way leading to hell and the other to salvation. His dad had already warned him about which way his older brother Gabriel had picked. He could see the disproving look he gave Balthazar as well. The only thing that stopped him from saying anything was that Balthazar’s family was just as wealthy as theirs and his dad was a businessman as much as he was a preacher. Not pissing off business associates by saying he couldn’t come around your son because he was a wretched whore wasn’t good business. Even if Cas could read the insults all over his fathers face.
“Did you see that circus?  Anyone with a headset thinks they can walk all over people as they please and everyone else is too scared of Zachariah, who practically thinks he is God, to say or do otherwise. That and I’m still not sold on the idea of this ridiculous pony show where women parade around and throw themselves at a complete stranger. I saw in the contract that the last episode I have to ask one of these girls to marry me.
"What?" Gabe’s eyes squinted looking at Castiel suspiciously, this question not being at all what he expected. His face turned skeptical and confused as he realized what his twenty two year old brother was asking. “Like a sleep over?”
!” Sam got between them and pushed both boys back from each other some. “Dean, Gabe is right on this. Trust me. Let it go. Let it
Cas handed his newly made cup off to Dean, making him a little confused as he held two mugs until Cas turned and hoisted himself up so he was sitting next to Dean. With a slight chuckle, Dean handed Cas’ mug back over and for a few moments, the two sat silently together drinking their coffee.
Another glance over to stage right showed that the guy that was looking on from the shadows of the stage was gone. Dean didn’t think much of it at the time, just figured the guy didn’t like the show so he took off.
Winchester wanted, and in that case he has to get rid of every emotion that he felt lingering within him. He resigned himself for a life of disappointment and disaster, which is when he began to put his emotions away, one by one, and locked them up tight. He hadn't had them in a long time. And when they did sneak in, like his curiosity he had about Winchester asking him those odd questions and telling him he lost a game he didn't even know they were playing... well, that was easy to get rid of too.
Still looking at the phone Dean reached out and took the bag the girl was offering him.“I threw the rabbits foot in for free,” she said with a smug grin. “Looks like you need the extra luck after all.”
Cas lowered the list and looked at Dean very serious. “I promise I’ll listen to them thoroughly and contemplatively.”
“Not for you. I just wanted Gabriel…” he paused, “and my friends to know I’m okay.” Dean felt a chill at Cas’ words. Perhaps it was because he hadn’t seen him in nearly a week, but the rough edge of his deep voice paired with his certainty made him squirm in his seat. This was definitely a sober Castiel talking, and Dean glanced at Meg happy she seemed to be taking care of him.
After long nights and more than a couple of dangerous journeys into the world of finding these rare relics, he was finally in a place where he was more than comfortable spending the money needed. Tomorrow morning he would see the creatures in the flesh at the viewing room. The whole ordeal was very high brow and appointment only. He would be shown the best looking angel’s that been captured and sold into captivity and get to pick straight from the show room floor. He went to bed a little nervous but mostly excited that he would be not only obtaining, but owning the most expensive supernatural creature in the world come this time tomorrow.
Now, he put it to Castiel's throat, pressing harshly on his pulse, if he had one, and dared to get close enough to him to show him that he meant fucking business. Castiel simply stared at him holding back his temptation to smirk at the guys tough guy routine. He had multiple scars along his back from a blade just like that one. He wasn't afraid of it.
“What’s your favorite thing to make?” he asked settling into his seat at the bar more.  “I’ll take that.”
like.  But so many stories were contradicting it was hard to know which ones were real and which ones were more of the angel fanfic variety and people were simply writing out their own daydreams and fantasies about something they would never actually be able to see or feel, let alone taste in this lifetime.  Not that it mattered much to Dean. He read them all and jacked off to dozens.
“You weren’t specific with the chips.” Cas said as he set the grocery bags down on the kitchen counter. “So I got Barbeque and the fun ones.”
Cas smiled back at the invitation, even though it came from Sam and not Dean. He had never spent the night at a friends house before. No one had asked him. And if it was okay with Dean too, he might do just that.
Gabriel scoffed some and spoke before Dean had a chance to even process what his younger brother said. “And you think that’s what… good wife material?”
He opened his texts with Castiel and sent a pie emoji with a question mark wondering if the guy would want to head to Mae’s and get a slice.  Dean was pretty sure he had skipped dinner and at least this way he could get a better sense of if he was
"I didn't know you were coming here tonight. Or ever for that matter." Dean stopped and closed his eyes.
"Do you want a full pot or only want me to make half a pot this time? I know you have shit to d- uh oh." Cas was standing in front of the counter and had just pulled the filter and wet coffee grinds out to throw away, but instead held it open peering down into it. "Shit," he mumbled. "Um, Dean?"
Dean's mouth was hanging open again. This time when caught, the angel looking right at him, he was too stunned with the beauty to shake off the sense of awe and return to his stoic demeanor.  Castiel was the first to break eye contact as he walked back to the bed to sit silently.  Dean shook with a slight chill that moved up his spine, bringing him back to reality and out of his fantasies. The description of the forums was nowhere near what he had just experienced. And that was just visually.  He was sure he would absolutely lose it when given the first opportunity to actually reach out and touch even a single feather.
“Is it always this crazy here?” Anna whispered as she watched Zachariah become meaner and meaner. Not that she thought he was nice particularly from how the interview went last week. But she figured he was at least professional. It was apparent that the crew might have respected him more if they weren’t constantly in fear of him and his power trips.
“Performance therapy. Yeah, Gabriel told me all about it. Seems like you’ve got a lot of groupies. There were a lot of people pressed up against that stage tonight all looking at you.” Castiel blushed, making Balthazar’s smile deepen. “Girls and boys…”
you did to break my little brother, but I will hunt you down and hurt you myself if you do not come and help fix him.”
Dean wasn’t affected by Cas’ words more than his voice. And if Cas tried to save him right now it wouldn’t be the first time in his life someone tried to do so. He just hoped that the boy didn’t think less of him now that he knew the truth in his beliefs.
Castiel thought for a minute and shook his head. “No, I need to finish up here and try to find a way to meet Gabe in the middle. If I’m going to do the song on Friday I need to figure something out that works for me.”
“Shit… sorry!” Cas said realizing suddenly that he was standing in the way of his exit.  At close distance Cas seemed to be looking everywhere but at Dean.  Because of this when he tried to switch places with the taller boy he accidentally bumped into him. “Shit! Sorry!” He said again flustered.
in LGBTQ, Cas.” He feigned being offended but Cas could tell he was just teasing. He could tell that Cas still looked doubtful.
Gabe hopped down from the stage as the music started behind him and moved to the front door where Cas had left from. He hesitated a second before pushing the door lightly to look out just in time to hear a car door slam. He looked over and not 20 feet away was the back of a ’67 Chevy Impala. Gabe gave a heavy sigh but wasn’t sure if it stemmed from worry or relief as watched the car roll forward and out of the parking lot.
He stretched a second when he got up before making his way to the kitchen.  He stopped abruptly in the doorway when he noticed Dean was there. He was pouring his coffee looking like he had just rolled out of bed, short hairs finding a way to stick up and still in his flannel pajama pants and black tshirt. He was rubbing his eyes and grunting some as if the world had done him a disservice by allowing him another day when night time and sleep were far superior. Castiel chewed his lip watching him for a moment as Dean took a sip.  Seeming satisfied with the taste, he turned to retreat back the way he came, taking his mug with him.  “Morning, Cas,” Dean grumbled, making Cas heart skip a beat as he hadn’t realized Dean noticed him standing there staring so openly. He hesitated a moment before crossing the kitchen and watching Dean pad barefoot through the living room and back down the hallway to his room leaving his door open behind him.
and he was just needing a friend who was going to be there for him. But I didn’t do that. I panicked because those weren't the things
He decided trying to push Dean Winchester out of his thoughts again even as he rode in the Impala with him.
Cas stayed frozen in place worried about Sam but Gabe’s pleading face said it all. If Dean saw his brother like this he might kill him. Or Gabe. He hesitated before grabbing Sam’s arm to help move the younger Winchester to his feet. As soon as he saw Gabe was steady enough to walk him he gave a firm nod to his brother and quickly went to the hall that led to his and Dean’s rooms. He stopped, cringing when he heard another crash and watched horrified as Dean’s door began to open.  He started to emerge with a sleepy look on his face but stopped when he saw Cas a few feet away staring at him.
"Shouldn't you girls be making yourselves more useful instead of bothering people?" A female voice Dean recognized easily asked. "Pick up a gun, learn to shoot it. At least help count inventory for God sakes." The giggling didn't stop to even acknowledge the woman and Dean heard Risa's frustrated, heavy footsteps follow after Chuck.
“Cas, are you okay?” The boy jumped again at hearing the voice after being lost in his own thoughts and he nodded his head a little too enthusiastically.
As the minutes ticked away he couldn’t help wonder if he had been pushing his younger brother too hard with the song this week. Or perhaps something happen between him and Dean last night that triggered him and they were back at square one. When he couldn’t stand his own thoughts anymore he found himself in front of Cas’ bedroom door rapping lightly with his knuckles. After a pause with no answer he silently debated if he should enter or let him alone.  Another glance at the clock and knowing that Cas was usually up before the sun had fully risen, he gripped the doorknob and quietly let himself in.
As soon as he was in front of him Cas jumped, eyes wide and looking a bit scared as he pressed against the wall trying to escape his brother’s sudden wrath. Even from the distance Sam and Dean were, it was easy to see Gabe was giving his little brother a mouthful. Cas shook his head a few times but Gabe didn’t let up for a second. With the music so loud, Dean and Sam had no clue what the hell was going on or being said, but even Sam let out a shocked “what the hell?” as both Winchesters slipped out of their seats, leaving their beers behind to try and mediate whatever the hell was suddenly going on between the Novaks.
Gabriel smiled right before Balthazar bumped into him and looked over, the same realization on his face. Cas was going to be okay. Gabriel smiled and started dancing again before glancing over his shoulder to check on Sam. He frowned some when he saw the booth was empty but gave his attention back to Cas.
“Careful.” Dean said suddenly making Cas jump. “Don’t want to accidently turn Gabriel into a toad.”  Cas put the book back on the shelf quickly as if afraid he might actually do that by mistake.  Dean chuckled a little and turned to look around some more.
Dean took a drink of his coffee, watching Cas over the rim of the mug as the boy shifted in his seat before picking up a piece of bacon and nibbling the end and returning it back to the plate. So far Cas hadn’t noticed that Dean was studying him closely.  He could tell that he was avoiding eye contact and conversation but had no clue that the previous night Castiel had prayed for strength to leave Dean Winchester alone.  Every time they were alone recently impure thoughts crept into Cas' mind and after hearing Meg say some of those thoughts out loud… it was like a big “Strike One” in his need to cleanse himself. He had poured over all of the bible verses that reminded him that his thoughts were immoral in an attempt to begin to purify his soul and align himself with God again.  Except literally the morning after, he woke up to Dean Winchester sitting on his bed looking at him with those pretty green eyes that looked pleadingly at him and Castiel found that he was unable to tell the boy no.
Now in bed his lips were still slightly curved into a smile as he looked through the photos in the dark as he lay under the blankets. For whatever reason, one he couldn’t fully explain, he wanted to share that happiness with Cas. He knew that Gabriel was likely working him too hard considering they were gone before he got up and came in late. Half way through the week with the show coming up on Friday and Dean hadn’t seen either of the Novak’s in two days. Before he could overthink it he sent a selfie shot of the four of them to Cas. He thought about adding something to go with it but
Despite his attempt to force the voice away, it didn't work and the angel was left to blink slowly as the man must have finished, his broken name called out followed by silence that had caused a rush of heat making his skin flush pink.  He sighed softly before closing his eyes once more and tried to make himself empty again, but it was harder with the thought of the broken sigh of his name lingering in his mind.  He'd have to work harder the next time night hit to empty it out.
He moved to get himself settled on the bed the best he could since his wrists were still tied to his thighs, and then he waited. There was nothing else he could do or wished to do. He glanced at the door, thinking he heard a noise, but it went away as soon as it came. Cas shook his head and closed his eyes, letting everything wash away and his mind wander. Mediation was something he learned long ago. It came in handy for ridding himself of pesky emotions that tried to penetrate their way through. It kept him safe.
Cas sucked his lower lip in and looked down. Gabe was right. Were all the things he and Balthazar talked about even worth it when he would be leaving in just a couple of months. The whole ride over while Balth was singing some new Harry Styles song, Cas was trying to work up the guts to kiss Dean again just to see if it would go somewhere… He was so starry eyed over the damn guy he forgot that he wasn’t actually staying here, just a visitor.
Dean happened to glance at Cas who looked like he was about to start hyperventilating. He looked back at Meg with a an eyebrow raised as the word touch repeated and suddenly realized the bad luck in Cas tagging along when he might have stayed home and missed her singing about her feelings right in front of him. He shifted uncomfortably and chewed his lip some. He guessed it wasn’t surprising that she liked the guy. He was talented and cute and certainly crushable. Dean frowned at his own thoughts and crossed his arms over his chest as she continued.
Gabe frowned some, finally looking up to meet her hard gaze. “You’re sure he’s not just letting loose?”
Dean pulled the pillow down slightly, peeking over the top at Cas to see if he was serious. "Your not... weirded out or anything?" He asked, slightly muffled by the pillow. He would definitely kill Sammy in the morning for telling Cas he had a crush on him. He wasn't expecting to have this conversation tonight, or hell... ever. But his heart rate slowed as he realized Cas wasn't angry or running for the door.
A quick look around and Dean realized that the absent Castiel was probably still in the dressing room that the two were arguing in front of.  And now they were arguing about him coming out of the dressing room?  Had he locked himself in?  He stepped out making himself visible and both Gabe and Meg looked shocked and then annoyed at his presence.
staying here. Mi casa, su casa. You should have moved out of that psycho’s house a long time ago if we’re being honest...”
Dean gave him a slight nod with his head as a silent “hey.”  As a response, Cas straightened his body and gave him a full salute.  Dean hated when he did that, but the action caused some type of morbid humor in Castiel, as did calling him their “fearless leader” as if it were some kind of title.  After bursting into laughter, Cas disappeared back into his Cabin and Dean stayed looking and unmoving for several seconds before realizing that again, he was openly gaping at the cabin.
Castiel felt a deep blush, more at the subject matter of the song than the fact that it was Balthazar that was singing it. The two of them had only ever kissed and weren’t even close to taking it to the step he was singing about. Obviously the song wasn't about him. Which was a surprise because he would have bet that Gabriel wanted him to do some sappy apology song to get him to talk to him making this the complete opposite of what he'd expected.
“Guilty,” Dean said with a chuckle as he fell back on the sofa realizing he could drop the charade. He didn’t pick up at all on Cas’ annoyance as he let out a heavy sigh. “Had a shitty day. But hey, i’s better now.” He looked down toward Cas where he still sat on the floor by his feet looking over at him.  Dean felt his skin flush some at the thought that it was sitting here in the quiet dark that had turned his night around.
He squirmed slightly when the tightness in his jeans didn’t seem to be going anywhere.  Forcing his mind away from it and attempting to fill the lingering silence he finally blurted out, “see, casual can be fun.”
Cas shook his head defiantly. "Oh no your not." Cas walked up to him so he was right in his face and forced Dean to look at him. The stupid grin was still on his face and made Dean absolutely crazy inside. "I've been telling you to cut loose for forever. I am
Meg’s turn to roll her eyes. “Calm down. He was right behind me. He knows Balthazar is in town. I didn’t think it was right to spring it on him.”
Gabriel had always liked that about Sam. Spending most of his own life without his brothers and sisters after being cut off, it was nice to see a family that seemed so functional, despite the childhood trauma that they had been through. It was because of things like this and Sam’s good nature along with his striking good looks that Gabriel found himself interested in him very early in their friendship. He would flirt openly with him and Sam always smiled, never taking offence, yet Gabriel had never actually had the courage to ask him out.  Living together only made him fall deeper for the guy as they learned more about each other.  One of Gabriel’s favorite things in the whole world was how Sam would hug him whenever he needed it and give him a kiss on his head. He supposed it was a perk of the Winchester’s Sasquatch-like height that he could do it so easily and casually, but it didn’t matter if he was having a rough day and stressed or just telling him goodnight. Sam would do it without fail and it would make Gabriel’s heart flutter each and every time.
Castiel spent the whole night -- he assumed it was night as the man didn't come back -- meditating and letting his mind go completely blank. It was therapeutic and easier to keep himself stoic and emotionless when he could erase his mind. It was like a toilet; everything collects in there and then at the end of the day, flushes it out with mediation until it was crystal clear and empty once again.  Without windows in his room, he had no sense of time and remained motionless on his bed as the sun rose and birds began chirping their morning greetings.
He sighed and restarted the page for the third time, mentally cursing himself for letting his thoughts intrude once again. A knock sounded at the door and he was happy to close the book on his thumb and take a break. “It’s open,” he yelled over, happy to let Sam come in and distract him with some nerdy news story he had just read about or absolutely anything else that wasn’t his own thoughts.
“Nah, I’m sure Meg would like to be ‘off duty’ for a bit. I know I put her through a lot too.” Castiel wringed his hands realizing that he had a lot of people he needed to apologize to.
“I did something,” Meg whispered hurriedly to her friend causing him to tilt his head and squint his eyes some at her. “Don’t be mad okay?”
Not a whole lot, unfortunately," the handler said, surprising Castiel with his honesty. "His name is Castiel. He's a couple millennia old at least, real age unknown. He was first seen for sale around 1430, and was purchased then as a servant." Castiel held in his snort. He was purchased as a weapon, a soldier, not a servant. But he didn't correct the handler. "His fighting strength is with a blade, and we're sure he has other skills and powers we're unaware of. He fought his handlers much more back then, but is pretty docile as of late." The handler paused and glanced around before stepping closer to Dean. "If you're also interested in other...aspects," The handler was whispering, though Castiel rolled his eyes, knowing nobody else cared, "I'm told he's very tight." Castiel stiffened. "His price is slightly higher because of it. He's been used before, but angels always seem to appear as tight as virgins." He smirked lightly, and it became obvious that the handler had tested the theory himself before. "And believe it or not," the man continued, an excited tinge to his voice now, "even the males tend to get wetter than female humans."
Sam stayed frozen by the door a second as he if hadn’t figured out what to do after making it this far.  His eyes looked a little wild like he was working up the courage to give some speech that Gabe wasn’t sure if he wanted to hear after the intensity of their fight yesterday. At least not yet and definitely not here at his workplace. There was still so much to be said but this wasn’t the time or place.  “You don’t have to say anything,” Gabriel started.  There was a good bit of space between them as they looked at each other across room.  “I mean we should still talk, but I don’t know about-“
Gabriel finished the last bite of his sandwich noticing the awkward edge to Cas’ voice, like the more he tried to appear casual the more he gave himself away. “Went to bed.”
“Sooo…” Cas echoed before finally saying, “sorry about yesterday.” He was still holding his ground and staring up at Dean while he finished his sip and put the cup down next to himself on the counter.
“Chuck, right?”  Dean asked the bartender who looks at him a little hesitantly. “I’m Dean, Sam Winchester’s brother?”
He looked over to Dean but realized that he had walked away.  Cas turned a couple of times looking for him but it was as if he vanished.  Leaving the gemstones he set off to find him, turning down a few aisles before he thought he heard his voice the opposite direction and began to follow it.  Castiel could hear another voice as he got closer, a woman.  He turned the last corner to find that Dean was at the checkout leaning casually on the table that she worked behind.  “… you already gave me one, Bela.” Dean help up his keys jingling them slightly as he smiled at her.  The rabbit foot key chain dangled back and forth as he did so.
When Dean got to the club he threw Baby into park, killed the engine and wasted zero time going in.  He threw the door open entering dramatically like some bad TV crime show and even turned some heads in the process. Not seeing Cas anywhere he figured he was well within his right to head backstage and passed a few people milling about in the bar and show floor area. He climbed a couple of steps that, if you turned left would lead to the stage, or if you continued straight you would head back to the dressing room area.  Dean moved forward to continue backstage but stopped dead in his tracks when he heard a voice.
Sam turned as he twisted the lid back on the peanut butter and gave him a bitch face as he walked to the pantry to return it. "You know when I told you that you should take Cas to the homecoming dance? I meant you should go together, jerk."
“Dude. Chill. I’m about forty five minutes out. Damn, Sammy. You miss me that much?” he teased. Sam ignored him.
Sam stopped again suddenly only to smile brightly at Gabriel. “No more talking about my brother while we make out. M’kay?” He kissed Gabriel deeply before he could respond muffling a sound of protest from the older boy before it faded to a soft moan and he wrapped his arms around him. Neither of them thinking of Dean or Cas again for the rest of the morning.
The last thing on Dean's mind before sleep finally took him was Cas' soft lips pressed against his own. A soft smile was on his lips as he started dreaming. Cas watched him intently, vowing to himself not to let his feelings come in between them while he was so injured over Lisa's rejection. In the faint light, he thought that Dean looked like he was smiling. Feeling that his friend found some contentment in sleep he allowed his own eyes to close as well. "I'll watch over you, Dean. I promise," he whispered before drifting off to sleep himself.
“I was born ready, Novak.” Her voice paired with the smile that spread across her lips was way more sexy than friendly, but it didn’t seem to affect Gabe in any way. Dean wondered what effect it had on Cas who clearly seemed to know her well that he was coming to bat for her here at Gabe’s bar. “I’ll go tell the guys to set up.”
“10 minutes.” He said finally. “But no talking,” he added quickly as an afterthought. He was still trying to talk himself into leaving. And he knew this guy, as normal and cool as he seemed wasn’t going to let him do that so easily.
Dean put the note back down and thought for a second before heading back through the kitchen to the hall where the sound room was located and listened outside the door for a second before knocking.  When no response came he opened the door slowly and peeked in. The room was empty, but Dean took a couple of steps in anyway.  There were a few notebooks on the desk that Dean had seen Cas writing in before.  About the same time that he decided that he for sure wasn’t going to invade Cas’ privacy by snooping through any of them up, he realized that one had been left open.  Dean scratched his head and looked back at the door checking for Cas before making the last couple of steps over.  The open page had Castiel’s writing filling open most of the lines, but Dean’s eyes fell to the text in all caps near the bottom of the page.
“See what I mean.” Dean said with a small smile as he showed off his find to the boy.  Cas didn’t return the smile as he followed Dean down some of the first aisles.  When they hit the book section Castiel slowed as he looked over some of the titles. Books on astrology, spiritual energy, even reincarnation.  His eyes were wide, half curious and half worried to be here, yet even so he found himself reaching out and touching some of the covers as he read them.
He paused a second moving standing up straighter as he began fishing the phone out of his pocket. The once curious and interested smile now looked more amused as Dean faltered.
“That is…. So sweet….” Lisa interrupted drunkenly, already fanning her eyes dramatically as tears welled up in them.
Dean raised his hands in a mocking gesture of surrender with a slight smirk. "Sorry, Bobby. Forgot you can handle anything."
Cas' heart felt a bit heavy in his chest as he realized how disappointed he was. But he straightened up quickly knowing it was more important to be there for Dean than it was to feel sorry for himself. "It's fine. I'll see you tomorrow."
Castiel had seen this before once. It was a couple of weeks after he first arrived at the house.  He had been in his room and heard a loud giggle come from Sam. He had cracked his door and peeked out and watched his brother try to help the much taller boy to the couch where he could sit down.  Sam was so out of it he could hardly walk on his own.  As soon as his brother had him on the couch Sam had grabbed Gabriel and pulled him in for a kiss that he could tell even caught Gabriel by surprise.  While they were still kissing he quietly took a step back into his room and closed the door before he could be discovered, left to process what he saw on his own.
the show. Each girl was beautiful and most of them were more than willing to go the extra mile to prove to the suitor that they were worth keeping around for another episode as they were eliminated episode by episode. After a couple of phone calls back and forth and the producers promising him that they would pay for anything Dean needed, including an endless supply of alcohol and food while they lodged him, he decided what the hell. Why not? So for three months Sam would stay with their uncle Bobby and while he looked for true love. Or at the very least a few good hookups.
As if it didn’t happen all the cast including Gabriel all skipped back to the stage to finish the number leaving Dean a little dazed and very much pissed at Sammy for leaving him.
. They were all a bit on edge so it made sense that Winchester would be fidgety and as much as he really wanted to know what was going on inside of his head, he would wait until Saturday and get some hints from Chuck when he worked his magic.
It comes with that whole gold digging, 5 minutes of fame, all out bitchy territory. But there are a few here that are bright, fun, and looking for love. What would it hurt to see what this brings for you, huh?” He gave a light smile and Dean noticed that it made his eyes crinkle a bit in an appealing way. Even in the dark he could tell that his eyes were ocean blue and he was starting to feel comfortable with the long stares between them.
. Before he could mentally chastise himself for being such a fucking girl about it his eyes found Cas’, only to see he had his head tilted and was staring directly at him, Dean clearly caught gaping at him.
“What a lucky guy,” Balthazar said, and knowing his best friends’ soul inside and out, absolutely meant it.
"Thank you for joining us here for another week of songs, shots,... and spiritual, sexual awakening!" The audience laughed some and a few whistled loudly indicating that was exactly what they were there for. "There are definitely some new faces in the crowd tonight! We are so glad to see you! Whether you got dragged here by a friend or stumbled here on accident leaving you wondered 'where the fuck am I and why are all these people singing?!' we're very happy you've entered our little slice of heaven.  On a serious note, I am both pleased and honored to introduce our next act who is a newcomer as well. Making his big debut tonight! My little brother! Castiel!"
Not touching anything else as his eyes took everything in, he soon caught up to Dean again who was looking at a display of what appeared to be rocks.
Gabriel cringed slightly at the way the two had continuously lectured him. Obviously it stemmed from a place of love and caring, though he’d suspect they weren’t very good at it if Cas felt the need to drink to forget all of his problems.
“What can I get for you?” the waitress asked and let her eyes linger on Dean a little longer than Sam, not trying to hide the fact that she was checking him out. Sam rolled his eyes but a soft smile remained.
damage if he tried anything. The angel blade was one of the first pieces that Dean had found, identified, and kept for himself rather than selling. His fascination with the creatures had only grown since that moment years ago.
Castiel jumped slightly when his plate was set down with a small clatter. “Bacon, eggs, and toast for you.” The waitress turned to Dean and set down his plate down.  “Pig in a poke for you. Let me know if I can get you boys anything else.” So far Dean hadn’t said much to Cas and while he was thankful, it left him to wonder why the guy asked him to come out at all. Maybe he was being truthful when he said he didn’t like eating alone, though he wouldn’t have guessed that based on the way he looked at him when he asked.  Cas figured that Dean had put the pieces together and realized that the crush that Meg sang about was actually on him.  Not too far of a stretch when he had already shared with Dean that Meg was no song writer and he knew that she had taken one of his songs before. And the way that Dean looked rather disgusted with the song... like he didn't even want to hear Meg say the words anymore... Cas couldn't shake the look that was on Dean's face. Cas picked up a fork and looked over the food in front of him but the anxiety of it all was enough to take away his appetite.
Cas hadn’t taken his eyes of Meg since he came in. She looked a little nervous to see him and as Gabe seemed distracted now she nodded her head off to the side motioning Cas over so they could talk alone.
Before he could answer Gabe left the kitchen walking back to Sam’s room with the water, leaving him alone.  He scrubbed his face tiredly before walking back to his room. He hesitated outside of Dean’s doorway and silently vowed to do better. If he were happier and not such a nuisance to everyone then maybe this wouldn’t have happened tonight. And he was making friends now. Meg was his best friend and Dean was caring and considerate in ways that no one else had been. He didn’t press him about his past and seemed to enjoy his company even though he didn’t ever seem to get his references.
He turned the page back to where he found it before setting the notebook down again seeing some of the words and frowning.
Without even looking up from his clipboard, Gabe replied. “You were supposed to be here an hour ago.  I wanted you to see some of the behind the scene’s stuff on show night.”
Some girls on the other side of the room whispered and giggled while a couple of boys rolled their eyes. Castiel looked the boy up and down, noticing that he didn’t wear a tie and his shirt wasn’t buttoned all the way which was against the dress code. He knew other boys tried to get away with this saying they forgot their ties and often girls would roll up their skirts in the bathroom until a teacher would notice and demand that they were pulled back down. The school was fairly strict and even on the kids first day he doubted the teachers were just letting it slide.
“So let me make sure I get this...” Dean took another bite of his pizza before dropping the crust onto his plate and rubbing his hands together to get rid of the crumbs. He chewed thoughtfully a second before swallowing and repeating back the absurdity that was Gabriel’s plan.
before throwing off the covers to change back into his clothes. He felt a bit giddy and tried to blame it on his love for pie, but he knew it was definitely a cover up. Cas was deep, mysterious, talented, and intimidating. And he was just a boring mechanic. So what if he wanted to get to know him better. He stopped off at the bathroom and brushed his teeth, checked his hair, and decided to change his shirt as he peeled off his band tee he had wore all day, switching it out for a plaid button down. While the boy probably didn’t give a shit what shirt he had on, Dean knew that if he looked his best maybe he wouldn’t be so intimidated by blue eyes looking at him from across the table. He thought about the way he had openly stared at him in the kitchen and his stomach did a flip flop. Well, he could hope at least.
Just as Balthazar opened his mouth to say he was joking, Cas spoke causing him to freeze in place. “Okay,” he said quietly, still looking at his closed locker, unable to meet his friend's eyes. “Just because…” he licked his lips trying to think of a lie quickly. “Like you said… there isn’t anything I don’t already have.” He felt lame saying it, but Balthazar’s eyes sparkled. Cas sighed heavily hoping this would lay his fears to bed once and for all. A boy was going to kiss him and he was going to prove to himself that it was fine… just a stupid birthday kiss between him and his best friend. That wouldn’t make him gay because he
"Try anything and I'll shove this through you." The words didn't come out fearful but more matter of fact.
“What? No. I was still up and he mentioned pie and I think he was just ready to go.” Dean shrugged as Sam looked between them putting together their conversation. “Anyway,” Dean said feeling somewhat defensive, “I told him I could come get him whenever. I know you have a lot of work to do and I respect that. But we had fun last night. There’s nothing in the contract saying he has to be at the club at every waking hour, right? He’s allowed to have fun.”
He was just about to give up before he stopped in front of the door that had a drum track going consistently and some other electronic made music experimentally laying over it before it would abruptly stop and tried out with another instrument or sound.  He lingered a few seconds trying to decide if interrupting would be rude or worth the trouble.  He could just jump in his car and put McDonald's in the GPS, but he also knew if he was ever going to survive three months here he would have to be comfortable moving around the house without tiptoeing and damn it… he needed to know how to make a cup of coffee.
Inside Meg was pleading for Castiel to understand. Yes she had taken the notebook or whatever but only because it was so cute. She fixed the words up and had never actually planned for him to hear the song. But now she could see that he was completely flustered and all she could think was that he was going to give her away again.
He went into the bathroom which was already steamy and warm and sighed softly finding comfort in the heat. He had just taken off his shirt when he froze completely at the sound of the water turning off. In the mirror’s reflection he saw an arm come out and grab a towel off the rack.  Cas went wide eyed and quickly turned knocking some items into the sink with a loud rattle.  Before he could turn and flee Dean’s voice stopped him.
Cas licked his lips looking his friend up and down once before nodding his approval. “No, it suits you.” People would be showing up any minute and Castiel was starting to look nervous and fidget. Balthazar frowned some and stepped closer.
“Woah, woah!” Dean interjected now not sure how the conversation got here from his simple question. “Who the hell said anything about getting married?”  Castiel’s leg started bouncing up and down nervously and he realized he was reading the same paragraph over and over. For Dean’s sake he wished that his brother would find a more appropriate time to have this conversation with Sam.  It was clear the two needed to talk things out.
Dean knew it didn’t work like that, but he made a habit of blaming himself for shit he wasn’t in control of his whole life.  Why stop now? When he was unable to take the confinement of the small cabin any longer, Dean stepped outside.
Gabe walked down the hall to start the shower for Cas and found himself slowing as he neared the bathroom.  What made him full stop in front of the door wasn’t that the shower was already running, it was the voice inside the shower
Cas’ cheeks warmed again as he hesitated but nodded softly. He didn’t see any point in lying to Balthazar. He would easily know if he wasn’t telling the truth. “Interested or not, I haven’t been a good friend to anyone this past week. I’m not sure how to apologize to him.”
The lights illuminated the curtain hanging in front of the window caused Dean's focus to shift away as he realized that someone pulled into the driveway.  Gabriel and Castiel. He took another drink, eyes focused on the door as he waited, only half hearing what the others were talking about now.
“Yes, please.” Sam chuckled as Gabriel left the room in a hurry.  He stood there a moment before another chuckle came out as he nervously ran a hand through his long hair. “Shit… How am I going to tell Dean?” he mumbled wondering what his brother would think of him dating his roommate. He let out a sigh as he decided to worry about that later.
Slowly Cas’ face went from concern to neutral as he processed Dean’s words. “I just…” Cas looked out the window and back into his lap. “I just know what I was taught. You have to be a believer to go to heaven.”
“Hey, um, Cas, right?” One of the girls named Joanna Beth asked while waving a glass over his face somewhat drunkenly to signal which of them was talking, “I really have to pee. Like… now.”
Sam wanted to argue and was trying to find the words. If he wasn’t scared of his brother's disapproval of him, this would be easier, but the truth was, sneaking around took work. He didn’t blame Gabe for being over it before they even really started anything. “Yeah,” he said, nodding his head in concession. “Okay.”
“Hey, you okay?” Cas’ eyes darted around the room avoiding eye contact and this made Balthazar’s eyebrows knit together slightly. “You’re not going to leave are you?”
Dean glanced up and finally looked at Cas now that he was covered. “Yeah, uh… no problem.” He said and gave a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “I can still give you a ride to the house.”
"Sorry. We were just going." The more serious brunette in the back said, already starting for the door.
Cas studied him while he spoke and he could tell just by his words that this was going to be the play to get him to stay in the game.  When he spoke to Dean again his voice was softer. “So show him. You obviously care about him if you don’t give a shit about any of the fame and attention this brings but came all the way out here anyway. And who knows… maybe you
Castiel looked annoyed as he took a seat on the couch facing away from his brother, but Gabe came in all smiles much like his usual happy, go-lucky self.  Dean noticed that Sam looked half amused yet slightly cautious as he watched Gabe enter as if nothing had happened. “Everything okay, you two?” Sam dared to ask admits all the tension.
At that Castiel turned, his face looking absolutely horrified that he had forgot he wrote that in the notebook that he was allowing Meg to casually flip through.
Cas glanced over at Dean before sighing and looking away rather embarrassed with the whole situation.  Gabe, not embarrassed in the least bit, began to explain. “New house stipulations for Castiel to live here.”
Gabe left out a manic laugh and paced the kitchen some. “God, I wish I knew. Believe me I’ve been having a pretty fucking hard time dealing with the fact that the guy I love only looks at me that way when he’s high off his ass.”
Cas smiled and crossed over to the bed, falling on his back and laying next to Dean. He was close enough that their arms were touching and after a few long seconds looked over with a smirk and asked, "so you aren't mad?"
but when Cas looked at his eyes there was something anguished about them, like saying no might break the guy. “You’re buying…” he said finally and Dean chuckled as he stood, leaving Cas alone to get ready.
Dean's expression hardened some just thinking about his little brother being pushed around but it vanished quickly when he thought about Cas. "I'm not bullying the guy. He's just.. fun to mess with. He's got that whole nerdy thing going for him. You should hear some of the shit he says. I bet he's already read all the books we're doing in English class this year. The kid always has books."
Dean made a face before responding, “kind of hard to pay your way into heaven when you don’t really believe in it. I always thought death was like turning out the lights.” Most of the lot was empty since only a few people working were in today so he easily pulled into a spot and put it in park. “No eternal hellfire. No white pearly gates.” He killed the engine and finally looked over at Cas.  The expression on his face was heartbreaking and Dean wished he could take it all back.  “I mean… I-I don’t know for sure.” He stammered some as he tried to fix whatever hurt he just unintentionally did.
Less than a minute later the door opened and Gabriel, make up washed off and regular clothes on now, announced, "honey, I'm home!" loudly into the living room.  The three friends erupted into applause and Charlie got up and threw her arms around Gabe, congratulating him on a good show before doing the same thing to Cas who had a slight smile despite looking a little rigid under the girls arms, still dressed in the suit, blue tie, and trench coat he had on at the show.
. Deep and rough and not at all what Dean had expected to escape those rough looking lips . Dean was pretty sure that the sound would be jerk off material for days until he actually he actually allowed the angel to touch him. He wanted to break him first. As much as he wanted to fill that tight hole that he had been literally dreaming about, Dean just wasn't one to jump in like that without playing a bit first. And having a supernatural creature who was an enigma of possibilities, Dean hoped that he could hold off on exploring his own self gratification until he really learned what made the angel tick. His stoic nature now the day of the showing made Dean realize that this was going to take some work. Unlike the first angel that he had seen on the showroom floor who wore his emotions on his sleeve, screaming and belligerent and so full of emotions... that only would have taken days, hell maybe hours to make the walls come crashing down. That angel was already feeling so much that Dean was sure he would have started crying with pleasure soon after he received an alternate way to express his emotions. Not with this one who had obviously shoved all of those feelings and emotions away as some survival mechanism to get through the centuries. Dean wondered the last time that the the guy had a good cry, an orgasm that made him scream, a feeling of fucking
He pushed the door open the rest of the way and he walked in a few steps. “Cas?” He said lightly hoping the boy would rise easy. He sighed when he didn’t stir and moved closer to the bed. “Hey, Cas!” he whispered harshly making the boy stir some.  Finally Dean sat on the edge of the bed and gave the boy a soft shake.
Castiel pulled at the hem of his shirt before opening the door. “Hello, Dean.” He said lamely after the door swung open. Dean just stared at him for a couple of seconds and it made Cas feel awful inside. He knew he really messed up after letting his personal trauma come between their friendship. And Dean had been such a good friend to him…
"What'd ya think? The price is firm, no wiggle room." He made an apologetic face, but his voice didn't match it. When a stretch of silence followed, Castiel sighed silently, slowly sitting up to take in his potential new master, figuring he wasn't going to leave until he got a good look that would help make up his mind.  Dean had opened his mouth to answer but stopped when the angel stirred.
“It’s fine. Just finished.” Dean swallowed hard and took a step out of the shower. It’s not that Dean didn’t have a peek of his own, he was just more experienced and wasn’t so obvious about it. When his head went down to watch his step his eyes were really tilted up taking the site of the boy in.  His own muscles were more defined from working almost every day the past ten years of his life, and Cas was thinner, not too thin though, just not as defined.  His skin was also a bit paler while his own was more tanned just from being outside more in general. “I’ll just...” Dean moved forward but Cas was still frozen in place as Dean reached for the handle.  He chuckled some when he had to physically move around him to get the door knob which seemed to jump start Cas.
Unfortunately, it also made Balthazar look up and look Cas right in the eyes as he passed by. Cas sunk deep into the seat though it was too late and groaned. “Vodka... Tequila... Rum... We’re getting the whole liquor store…”
Cas frowned as Dean moved back unsure of what it meant but feeling sort of like a freak for being sixteen and never kissed someone. He shouldn't have said anything, he realized. Of course Dean would think he was a freak for that. Who wouldn't. And how hard could it be really? He had seen movies, lots of movies with kissing. Hell, it happened regularly in the school hallways.
Another round showed up at Castiel’s table and he downed both drinks, Megs followed by his own. When Dean looked his way again he was leaned over saying something to Meg before moving out of his seat and wobbling to a stand. As soon as he was steady he moved through the tables, right past Dean and Sam’s table without even glancing at them. Dean watched as he walked to the door that took him backstage and disappeared behind it.
Gabe rolled his eyes feeling like Sam had turned on him. Like he was intentionally keeping his brother from having a good time and in his current state or something. “It was
Dean stared at the angel not at all interested in one that was so angry it was more animal than angelic being.  He wanted an angel not a rampant dog, after all.  "No." Dean said finally, feeling the power in his word as he turned down one of the most beautiful creatures he had ever seen.  "I'm not." The angel practically snarled as Dean walked away.
Sorry for the absense. Busy busy. Then accidentally deleted some of my work. Then started rewriting it and rewrote it different. And here we are. LoL. Should be back to regular now that I've gotten more written and SAVED. <3
Castiel kept his eyes on the female a second who hadn’t noticed him yet and was still smiling after Dean. She was very beautiful and seemed to be a very confident young woman.
And that's when he saw him.  The angel that was simply laying on his back staring up at the ceiling, not having even bothered to look Dean's way. Dean got closer for a better look.  With his hands behind his head he looked like he was better fit for lazily lying in the grass in a park, staring up at the clouds.  Relaxed. Not broken. Bored perhaps.  He didn't address the angel, but instead talked directly to the guide as he kept his eyes locked on him. "What can you tell me about this one?"
Cas tugged him in the house and twirled him around so Dean was in front. He put his hands on his Dean's hips to lightly push and guide him through the crowd of people toward the drinks. "What's the hurry! Chuck has morning shift, not you." He said with a laugh.
Castiel shook his head. “No. I think part of me needed to come here.” He looked around the club. “Gabriel is… helping. I think. You both want the same for me.”
“Two beers,” Sam answered. The girl nodded with a smile at Dean, even though he hadn’t said a word to her. Dean gave a smile back that answered,
“Dean, you’re up!” Sam teased when he saw his brother emerging from the kitchen, not at all surprised to see the first thing he did was find coffee.
Andy nodded with no shame on his face at all. "Guilty. She's a beaut though. Wait till you see her."
“I mean, it’s late. We have all the time in the world. We can figure it out in the morning. Of course you can stay here. You
Dean was willing to look anywhere but at Cas and in keeping his eyes down realized the thing that he kept slipping on was one of the sleeves to the trench coat. He picked it up and held it out to Cas as if he were naked and handing him a towel.  The boy took it without offense and turned his back to Dean as he put it on to help cover himself. “Thanks for coming,” he said as he straightened the collar, once again feeling like burden to the people around him.
Dean nodded letting him know that he heard him and looked around after throwing a couple of bills down for the drink with a tip. He took his phone back out and opened a message to send to Castiel.
Gabe realized he had been caught prying, even if it was quietly done and got off the bed. “Just… you know, checking on you. Want to make sure you’re okay.”  He felt guilty as he said it but he couldn't exactly help it when he knew the circumstances that brought his brother here in the first place.  Cas gave a slight eye roll but it was more from embarrassment than annoyance. He knew he had been a handful when he arrived and as much as he tried to be over it, there was something dark inside of him still that made him feel like he had a lot of healing to do. Gabe obviously saw that as well or he wouldn't feel the need to check in on him so much.  But still, Cas appreciated the way that Gabe took to the big brother role even when he hadn’t been in his life in a long time. He didn't want to think of what would have happened if he didn't have him to turn to when everything went down.  He was thankful.
“Well if it isn’t the famous Balthazar.” Her words were like poison as they came out of her mouth. It was obvious that she got Cas’ side of the story and didn’t approve. Dean wondered how much of it was different from Balthazar’s telling.
Cas jumped back in his seat, not realizing he was leaning forward as he was listening to Balthazar’s words.  He wasn't about to tell him that they kissed before, though he didn't think it counted. Dean was really drunk and for all he knew didn't even remember it. He knew first hand now how reality became blurry when one consumed a lot of alcohol. He watched as Balthazar filled both of their classes and when his friend lifted his glass to toast him, he played along and lifted his own so they could clink together. He took a sip off the top but didn’t enjoy the taste. Drinking heavily the past week didn’t warm him to the taste of anything. In fact, quite the opposite. He was definitely choking down the drinks to numb himself, and would be happy to leave that behind after tonight.
“Fuck fuck fuck!” He said aloud before grabbing the pillow and yelling into it once more. Balthazar might have broken him because he didn’t want him. But Dean was pretty sure he absolutely did want him. And the thought completely terrified him.
“Gabe called ahead, said your drinks were on the house tonight,” he told him. Dean held in his groan as he pushed a hand through his short hair looking somewhat annoyed. He hadn’t been able to get comfortable in the house with Cas still locked away in the music room.  When he mentioned it to the group they all seemed perfectly happy to just let him be.
Surprised at his own behavior he began to move away only to have Dean’s grip tighten on him and pull him back in.  The Winchesters eyes closed as he let his head fall back to rest against the wall as Castiel, his best friend and a fucking angel of the Lord, continued to kiss away his tears.
Dean ignored them both as he walked between them to the door and knocked softly. “Cas, it’s Dean,” he announced, voice gruffer than usual from being tired of whatever bullshit was going on behind him. He took a breath as his eyes flickered back at the two who were watching him like he was completely ridiculous for even trying this soft handed approach. Dean cleared his throat some hating that he was being watched. “I’m just here to get you man. We don’t even have to talk about anything if you don’t want to. We can just go.”
Dean smiled some, liking that they were on the same page, but Gabriel shook his head. “No, the point is for you to be here. What if Cas came back. You guys could talk.”
Dean was taking a drink when Chuck’s question came out and he pulled it away to look at him with an exaggerated drunken disgust, as if Chuck should have already understood. “Like
“It was awful, Gabe. I swear if I didn’t pull him out of the house with me he would still be there taking all the abuse from your father. But once we were gone he told him that he never wanted to see him again and was calling us both the most awful names and telling Cas that we were going to hell.”
Charlie and Andy pulled over to park on the street in front of the house as Sam told Dean to pull into the driveway.  Inside Dean found that the house was a good size. Four bedrooms. Two full bathrooms. A kitchen with every appliance you would ever need, an office and another room that had a few instruments, amps, headphones and the like.  Sam texted Gabe after the short tour to let them know that they were at the house and he got a quick reply that simply said, "on our way."
As soon as Dean disappeared behind it Gabe sighed and now in a hushed voice told her, “I wasn’t trying to make him come out okay.  Just make him uncomfortable. I swear he wears that trench coat like a metaphorical security blanket closet. Like if people don’t see
“I’ve always been a singer,” Cas said almost sounding sad, “the stuff I sing about has changed kind of dramatically.”  Dean couldn’t help but take a half step forward, mouth opened as he was about to ask what he meant, but he was interrupted by the high shrill beeping of the coffee maker as it rang out, causing him to jump back to where he was while his mouth snapped shut.  “Just black? No cream or sugar?” Castiel asked as he turned back around and pulled Dean’s mug that he had left on the counter closer to him.  He looked over his shoulder at Dean who simply nodded.  He poured him a cup and started to pass it over, Dean’s hand out ready for the exchange, but suddenly he brought it back in front of his chest studying it curiously. Without asking he brought it to his mouth and took a small sip before making a face of utter repulsion.  “All yours,” he said pushing it outward again for him to take. Dean laughed a burst of side-splitting laughter, hands on his hips and all at the face that Cas made alone.  It was probably the most expressive he had seen him or maybe anyone ever.
“Purple nurple!” Andy yelled and Sam and Charlie both yelled out “Purple nurple!” in unison. Normally Cas would be uncomfortable with all the yelling and drinking, but he was still feeling good about how the show had went down and found himself letting out a light chuckle as the three of them looked to be having a great time.
After letting out a huge sigh of relief that Cas wasn't upset or mad he started processing what had just happened. He frowned a little when he realized that Cas never said that his feelings were returned but was still more happy that he was cool about it and not letting it affect their friendship. That was the most important thing to him. Dean pushed himself up and walked over to flick the light on before going to his dresser to find himself and Cas something they could sleep in. He closed the door and changed quickly before laying out an AC/DC shirt and gym shorts for Cas to change into.
After making himself a sandwich for dinner and binging a few episodes of his favorite doctor show he decided to call it a night. He wandered into his bedroom changed and flopped onto the bed and thought about texting Sam before thinking better of it not wanting his phone to go off if he were in the middle of something.
“Are ya fuckin’ waiting for an answer?” Dean rolled his eyes as he wrapped the towel around his waist. “I thought I made myself perfectly…“ He pulled the shower curtain open and the two boys stared at each other a moment before Dean thoughtlessly finished his sentence. “…clear.”
Castiel stared at his hands that were folded together in his lap as his mind wrestled with the idea that what he was taught and what he believes can be different, something he was still new to and coming to terms with. “I also know what I believe. I believe you, Dean Winchester, are good. I believe you will go to heaven.”
“Goodnight, Dean.” Castiel said abruptly before quickly walking away, leaving the Winchester to turn his head and look after him.  When he disappeared into the hallway Dean let out a tired sigh and scrubbed his face some before turning onto his side annoyed with himself. Cas was probably just joking with him, kissing him for shock value before he had practically assaulted his mouth.
And it’s all Dean had to say.  Cas takes Dean’s hand and pulls him over to the bed.  After he pushes Dean down into a sitting position he actually helps Dean take his boots off.  He then pulls down the covers and after Dean sneaks under them, Castiel slides in comfortably beside him.  This isn’t the first time that they have slept together in the same bed.  Many times in the past Dean has skipped his own duties around Camp to look after Cas when he has gone through withdrawal from his drugs and other times when he has taken too many and had a near overdose.
and enjoy your life?” He laughed a little. “I never thought I’d see the day my Cassie would be on a stage performing like that.” He leaned in a little closer and lowered his voice, “Was it just the alcohol or was Meg giving you something extra?”
Before he spoke, the smile came back though this time it looked forced and Dean realized he took it a step too far. “I just… I just mean,” he stammered a bit trying to back pedal, but when the words came out they were harsher than he meant them to be. “What do you want from life? Is this it?” He inwardly cringed at himself. This wasn’t the talk that he rehearsed himself having with his friend. This wasn’t the location. He thought he’d be calm and they’d be alone and he’d tell him that he was better than this. He thought he would make him believe he was better than this.
Dean sat back in his seat again so lost in his own thoughts he didn't really hear how Gabe managed to segue the show back to it's normal happy and upbeat self.  He could hear laughter around him so he must have been able to do so successfully. He felt...
“You know,” Sam shrugged and turned his attention back to the TV. “Scared you’re missing something important from someone. If you’re worried about the shop or whatever just call Bobby and check in. You know he hardly texts.”
Dean raised an eyebrow as he watched. The music was live and being played in front of them and Gabriel could certainly sing. As other dancers came out for backup vocals and dancing it was easy to see that it was well choreographed and practiced. Most of the people on stage were men in tight outfits and body glitter, reminding Dean he was at a gay bar. But he completely understand now why the place was packed with men and women alike who wanted to catch the live show in action.
"We are going together, bitch." Dean fired back a little less friendly than the exchange usually was. "And why are you so concerned with-"
Right now he just needed to get through to Castiel. Being pissed and staying at Meg’s… whatever. It wasn’t his favorite scenario, but at least he knew where he was and he was safe. Harboring so much anger, bottling it all up and choosing to drink every waking hour of the day instead of confronting anything… that was worrisome. Maybe Cas would hate him for bringing Balthazar here… but if it brought any kind of healing for him, he could deal with that. He chewed his lip not sure if that was the whole truth or not. He just got his estranged brother back in his life and he didn’t want to lose him again. He knew his father would be to blame more than anyone if that was the outcome… but it was a risk he was willing to take.
“Welcome one, welcome all!” Gabriel started, the room still vibrating with quiet energy after the first songs conclusion. Dean’s attention was pulled away from him as door that led to backstage opened and a figure walked out quickly. Dean held his breath for a second wondering if it was Cas making a getaway while he still had the chance and would leave Gabriel wondering where his little brother was after he announced him, which he was sure he was only seconds away from doing.  The closer they got to the front he realized it wasn’t Cas, but Meg.  He sat back realizing that must have been who gave the boy a hug before they disappeared into the shadows during the first number.
Dean mumbled thanks and watched Cas pad down the hallway before disappearing around the corner. He went in and used the bathroom quickly before brushing his teeth a little more vigorously than normal, wanting to have a chance to talk to Cas alone about the previous night. It didn't sound like anyone else was up yet since there didn't seem to be any voices coming from the outside the door. After he spit his toothpaste out he looked at himself in the mirror. Even with his short hair, it stuck up a bit in the back and he wished he had time to take a shower, but decided against it since he didn't want Gabe and Sam to wake up before he had a chance to talk to him.  He pulled at his wrinkled shirt some as a last attempt to look put together before heading out of the bathroom. Even to himself, the gesture was odd as he normally didn't give a shit about that kind of thing. At least not
When he got to the club, Cas was already gone. Not physically, of course. He was actually very easy to spot on the dance floor. His sober, more rigid movements always seemed to leave the moment that the drugs hit. Dean hated that he found it somewhat beautiful when his body moved to the music when he was blazed out of his mind. He watched from a distance as Cas bumped into someone and instantly looped his arms around a taller man’s neck as he threw his head back with a laugh, as if he had meant to bump into him and wind up in this position. The stranger instinctively wrapped his arms around Cas waist and pulled him in as they both found a natural rhythm to the music. Dean felt sick to his stomach as he watched the two move together, their hips pressed against each other now.
sounded way to fucking personal for a guy he just met. The longer he looked at the outgoing message the more he regretted sending it. Cas was working and he was sending them pictures having fun probably felt like he was just rubbing it in his face. He started a message, tapping out some words before hitting the delete button, trying again only to erase it again. He closed his eyes for a second with a sigh before finally settling on "
Dean was wide eyed for a second looking at Cas and taking in the sight before him before remembering that Gabe and Meg had been standing in the doorway.  He scrambled out from under the boy and popped up as he looked over at the two forcing himself to look away from Cas.  “Y-You can’t tell him what to wear.” Dean said trying to find his voice again. “Just… fuckin’ give him a break, Gabe. He’s doing his music. Let him wear whatever he wants.” He reached down and with eyes still on Gabe, gave Cas a hand pulling him up beside him.
“Hey,” Cas finally said when the car started rolling. In the side mirror he thought he saw the door to the bar open but when nobody emerged he figured it must have been his imagination.
He pulled up the navigation on his phone and zoomed into his location before giving it a second to load the names of stores, business, and parks in the area. He would map out the rest of his day now and make the most of it before returning back to the house for dinner.
Castiel was dressed in a simple and dirty pair of cloth pants and t-shirt. His hair was messy, his skin smudged, his feet bare. Shoved away from the truck he was lead through the back door, passing through hallways, ignoring the whimpers and cries of other supernatural beings around him. His face was stoic as he was lead to a large cage. Inside was nothing but a small cot with just a pillow on it. He avoided the bars the best he could as he was shoved in, seeing as the Enochian carved into the iron was a repellent, just like the shackles. Lucky for him, the handler removed the shackles so there was nothing covering him.
“I’m definitely getting drink to forget vibes.”  Her arms remained crossed on her chest looking fairly annoyed with him for not taking her more seriously.
There was a slight pause, the music now over and the air quiet. "You can kiss me... if you want," Cas finally said. He tilted his head curiously wondering where this emotion from his friend was coming from.  He had just been devastated at Lisa's rejection. Perhaps it was a misplaced longing and Dean was only trying to make himself feel better about her by kissing him. Cas told himself that if this was what Dean needed to feel better, what kind of a friend would he be to deny him. The reality that he tried to push away was his own greedy longing for Dean deep within.  Either way, his heart was racing from the brief touch of their lips and the thought of it happening again had him leaning forward some wanting more.
“Yeah, sorry.” Dean’s yelled some to be heard over the music but nothing sounded louder to him than the way his own heart was pounding inside his chest. “I shouldn’t have.”  He knew Cas was reserved and innocent. Invading his mouth like that after saying that he didn’t kiss without being in a relationship was probably hurtful and shocking.
Michael shook his head annoyed with the whole situation in front of him. “Calm down Michael. What’s it matter if it’s Cas or someone different. The rules are still the same. You have six girls each. The more drama the more money and the longer your girls last the longer you are on set and get a paycheck.”
Sam blushed a little and stood up. "I'm going to go to bed. If he's over himself you could probably spend the night. It's pretty late." He said giving him a soft smile. He liked Cas and was glad that his brother actually fell for someone decent.
” He gestured toward himself so animatedly that the bartender had to hold back his laughter. “I don’t do
“Hey, I’m a ‘quarius,” Dean said absentmindedly. Castiel chuckled again looking back up at Dean with one of those rare smiles that showed his teeth. Dean swallowed hard as Cas beamed at him. He had forgotten how easy it was for this guy to throw him off his game. Cute smile. Zeppelin shirt. Bringing him pie. Sitting on his bed.
“Something that a friend does for another? Please, Cassie. Have you ever even watched a RomCom?” Balthazar watched his friend closely. He was thankful that they had gotten over the big fight they had last year. Their friendship had even gone back to normal for the most part. They didn’t have sleepovers still, but Balthazar was having much better sleepovers off and on with a couple of the boys from the soccer team and even some cheerleaders. Castiel knew but was able to carry on normally about it without the judgement of his sexual activities, though it was a conversation that they didn’t go into depth on.
Chuck chewed the inside of his cheek some wondering if he should say it. It was so obvious and yet the guy was either completely oblivious to his own feelings or in complete denial of them. “He’s in your heart.” It was as close as he could confirm to the guy without using the word love. He didn’t feel like he knew him well enough to tell the guy that. Even if it was so painfully obvious.
Inside his own room his face was unsmiling as he changed into his jeans. He had wanted to hang out with the guy but this was different. Now he was taking him out to make sure he was actually eating and to keep him away from his somber writings long enough that maybe he would forget about why he was writing it all in the first place. Like if he could make him smile and laugh, maybe the pages would be filled with light instead of darkness. A part of him was still annoyed at Gabriel for not taking this seriously enough and was too busy with whatever to seem to care. He knew he had a show to run but this was his
“What do you mean?” Chuck called over as he poured vodka into 3 small glasses, not taking his eyes off of what he was doing or his ears off of Dean.  He had already guessed who he was talking about though he had never actually said Castiel’s name.  About a half hour ago when Dean had started ranting he had mumbled something about the anonymous guy’s “stupid fuckin’ trench coat that looked great on him.” Between that and everything else he said it became kind of obvious. Maybe not to everyone, but Cas had sat at the bar multiple nights a week for the past couple of months when they were closed and Gabe was working.  It wasn’t hard to put two and two together.  For Dean’s sake he played stupid though.
Or... there was always the chance he was still into Balthazar and just nervous to see him up on stage the way that Dean was whenever Cas was on the stage.. He ran a hand through his hair before taking and finishing off another beer. Maybe pushing feelings aside wasn't all that bad...
” Gabriel opened his  mouth but Cas continued, still going a mile a minute. “You know, I’ve been working with Ash on getting to know the equipment more. If I took next week to study the technology I think I could have another song ready in two weeks time.” Gabe raised a finger to motion his interjection but Cas didn’t see. “I mean I’m not trying to get out of the deal that we already made. I just think if I could focus on making some of the music, not just the words… I’d really feel good about it.”
” The words came out like he was trying to convince himself more than his brother. He set the glass of water on the counter but stayed hunched over the sink unable to look his brother in the eyes again.
Dean made a mental note that Sam didn’t know as much as he did about the bad blood between the two, but even he thought it was off when they were trying to make peace between the two guys so Cas would move back home, stop drinking, move on in a healthy way.
Gabriel walked to the door and hesitated, wondering if this was all too much for his brother. What if he was making things worse by pushing him to confront all of his feelings. He quietly asked, “you still good for dress rehearsal today?”
inside that drove him crazy until he got some kind of release. Having the power to bring that out in a person, that was what made Dean Winchester tick. And now getting the opportunity to do it with an Angel... Who needed fucking cable TV when this was
“We got stuff!” Gabriel stated excitedly as he passed Dean to carry his groceries to the kitchen with Sam behind him to help.  “Sam told me you don’t eat rabbit food like he does or candy like I do. So we found some in-between stuff.”
Castiel stiffened even further but kept his face carefully still. The wards in the iron around him would keep him from showing the wings off himself, but that didn't mean there wasn't a way of making them appear.  Unfortunately the only way for that to happen was the damned cattle prod. Before the handler fetched it he was already slowly standing, his body moving gracefully, as he stepped up to the cage bars, though not close enough anyone would've thought it was an aggressive movement, especially as he locked his arms behind his back. Dean watched as the Angel moved forward on his own without having to be commanded or threatened.  The handler with the tool in hand, nodded once and stepped closer. "They appear only for a second or two with this." He flashed the prod to him. "So look quickly, but don't touch. You can when you own him, but until then, whatever he does to for you touching them is on us, so it's our rule."  Dean nodded his understanding, the military face gone as his heart pounded knowing that he had dreamed of this moment for years. Castiel merely blinked and turned around moving his locked arms to the front. He closed his eyes, waiting for the pain.  It came only a second later. Dean took a step back as the prod made contact, expecting the Angel to scream out in pain but he did no such thing. Castiel's body locked in place, though every inch inside spasmed, and his grace began to glow from his closed eyes and mouth.  Dean's mouth once again opened in complete awe as two spots on the angels shoulders began to glow before practically sprouting in front of his eyes.
Gabriel wasn’t sure how to feel. If this was a diss track he would agree that sometimes Balthazar’s words were hurtful. But half of the lyrics were encouraging also. More people headed to the stage, some right up against it the way you would see at a concert. Cas still had his eyes closed, but opened them right at the end of the verse to flip a switch and pull the microphone out of the stand.
“And you wake up tomorrow pissed off that it’s not in the driveway,” Sam chuckled, not at all bothered by his brothers drunken jabs. “Yeah, no thanks.”
Anna jumped when she heard it was time for her to finally do something and she fumbled to get her walkie-talkie off of her side quickly. Just as she found the button to push and raised it to her mouth to respond, another voice came over the radio stopping her.
“Whatever,” Dean said in a huff. “I’m going to bed.”  He walked away leaving the two behind him and headed down the hall to his room.  He hesitated outside his doorway and looked over at Cas’ closed door.  He couldn’t hear any noise or movement from inside.  He lingered for a second longer but assumed that Cas was already in bed and asleep. He shook his head wondering what the hell kind of summer he was in for and entered his own room, closing the door behind him.
"And not a day sooner, ya hear?" Bobby said gruffly but looked over with a softness in his eyes that said all the things he was really thinking.
Maybe there was something in Dean’s words… Maybe casually kissing wasn’t so bad. At least when it wasn’t with a complete stranger and it was with someone you trusted. After all, he had trusted Balthazar and even felt comfortable and safe with their more modest kissing without feeling impure about it... But those kisses also didn’t make him feel like
Dean shook his head slowly trying to wrap his head around the amazing kiss he just experienced followed abruptly by Cas' disinterest.
Sam kept his eyes on the floor unable to look at the boy. He had no clue how to even begin to analyze what it had been like falling for his best friend. It wasn’t an instant thing. He didn’t see him and pine for him. It was gradual and unexpected and the crazy part was he was pretty sure Gabriel felt the same way. Ruby was a distraction. Not because he couldn’t bear the thought of being with Gabriel or was in the closet like he seemed to think. No, he thought about it all the fucking time. It was the part that came after that he couldn’t think about. When something happened and they ended up breaking up.  Sam lost his parents at a young age. Moved across the country to follow his dreams, which some days felt like losing his brother. He wasn’t sure how he could even begin to start something with Gabe and then lose him too if things got messy and awkward.
“Stay and read me a bedtime story?” Sam rolled his eyes. “Damn it, ‘m fine.” Dean pulled up the blanket more comfortably around himself feeling heavy and anchored to the couch.
“Yeah, sure. Good idea.” Dean said absently as he turned his attention back to his phone. He unlocked it and for a brief second thought about opening the messages and texting Cas, but didn’t know at all what he would say… and instead opened his contacts and called Bobby. They shot the shit for a few minutes, catching up and Bobby making Dean promise to let loose and have a good time and not be such a worry wart about the shop because he could obviously handle it and to worry about it was almost insulting… Dean smiled and felt a bit calmer just at the sound of Bobby’s voice. Eventually the phone was passed over to Sam who promised Bobby he was going to watch out for Dean this summer (making Dean roll his eyes) and promised that he would call home more. The boys said their goodbyes telling Bobby they were going to head out for dinner soon and they would talk to him later.
"I assume you're bullying the new kid. You know it wasn't long ago we were new here and I know how that feels."
Twenty minutes later they pulled up to the bar with food and Castiel moved over to the window stretching his neck to get a better look at what he thought was Meg’s car parked in the lot. He frowned as Dean parked wondering why she would be here on a Wednesday when the club wasn’t even open.
Chuck laughed and shook his head slowly. “Sorry my friend. Let’s talk about how you’re gonna get home instead. I’m gonna need your keys.”
Cas kept his eyes on the floor but put his arms around his stomach as if trying to cover himself looking ashamed. Gabriel looked at the two before making a showy sigh and verbally relinquished Cas of the outfit. “It seems I'm out voted then," he looked to Meg giving her credit for being the other voice in the matter. He looked back to Cas and over the outfit once more that would have been fucking perfect and sighed as he turned to go.  Over his shoulder before the door closed he added a, "but you are
"S-sorry. I shouldn't have." Dean said suddenly and tried to pull his hand away. Cas' grip on his hand tightened so he wouldn't let go, his eyes still closed from the kiss, but mouth slightly pouted from it being cut so short. "No it's okay," he said softly.
"Yeah, okay, jesus." Dean finally gave in. Maybe he could do this. Hang out with his friend and be normally even though things were definitely not normal. Maybe he could just take it easy and things would go back to the way they were and this would pass. Whatever
Dean nodded, feeling happy that Sam was finally on his side for once and turned, crossing his arms and looking at Gabe, leaving Sam behind him, pleading with his puppy dog eyes for Gabe to play along.
Dean rolled his eyes and leaned back against the frame of the doorway. "Well sometimes opposites attract, Sammy. Jesus. I know you want to be a lawyer some day, but what's with the third degree?"
“Hey…” Dean paused trying to figure out what he wanted to say. In truth he wanted to ask if Cas was okay after what happened with Meg. He wanted to ask him if he needed anything or wanted to talk. He put his hand on the door knob ready to push it open. But after another second it fell back to his side. “Just wanted to say g’night.”  It was lame, but so far every time he had a win with Cas it was because he didn’t force him to talk if he didn’t want to.
Besides that, it's not like he had time to bullshit around. Back before the virus he could afford to get stuff done and have a good time. But that wasn't the case here. He had secured the position and people actually knew who he was. They depended on him. So he swore off fun for the most part despite Cas' pleading to loosen up and relax. Dean still drank like a mother fucker but more often than not, that was alone. Other times he was with Cas. And on nights when he craved something more he had a fucked up relationship (and he hated calling it that) with Risa. In Dean's mind it was a way to stay sane and relieve some of the tension. Just enough that he could jump back to work the next day and pretend like he didn't have to put a gun to a man's head that he knew because they were out on a supply run and the dumb son of a bitch slipped and got himself turned. Being with Risa was a survival technique for himself. She knew that she was being used but part of her still wanted to believe in something good. That maybe Dean fucking Winchester and her could share a love that she remembered from a time before The End. She never said as much but the truth was in her eyes every time she told him he could stay the night after they were done having sex. Dean never did. And the nights when she had enough of being hurt herself and tried to turn him away, Dean would tell her that he needed her. That they had a connection. She knew he was a broken man and thought maybe one day she could fix him.  For now, though, her only current peace of mind regarding the matter was that at least he wasn't spending the night in anyone else's cabin and in that way she had him all to herself.
He sat back on the couch and Charlie began questioning him about his favorite movies and asking if he had seen her favorites. When he said no to half of them she assured him
“Merci mon ange. I couldn’t have received a lovelier gift.” He smiled at him and visually saw the tension leave Cas face that he wasn’t mad and was going to leave the explanation at that without pushing. Especially with people literally at the door.
A bit of static before another song came in clear. This one was very pop with male vocals and Balthazar turned the volume so loud he had to yell out to be heard. “Something more like this!”
“Pie?” Dean asked, forcing himself to snap out of it and try to act like a normal human being. Cas hadn’t even been to the house, let alone at his door in over a week. And here he was,
Sam didn’t at all notice Dean’s reaction as he pulled out his laptop to make the pizza order online.  He simply shook his head. “Nah, Gabe text a bit ago and said they finally picked a song of Cas’ and wouldn’t make it back home before dinner. He thinks that they might even have it ready for Friday’s show.” Dean nodded, hoping Cas was okay and not feeling too much pressure. He made a mental note to catch him in the morning if he wasn't able to tonight just to check in. For whatever reason he felt some kind of bond with him.
It was easy for Dean to blame everything on Meg because singing to him about her feeling like that in front of everyone had obviously made him so uncomfortable. Rather than worry he figured the guy just needed space.  He wasn't one to hover and ever since Cas started using headphones he never heard much noise come out of the room making the pretty normal that he didn't hear anything from the room the rest of the evening.  Dean assumed that the boy was pouring everything into his work, so he let him be.
“That’s your mystery freelancer?” Gabe asked, already knowing the answer. Why would his boss tell anyone the truth when he could conceal it for a big dramatic reveal?
“Huh? Oh, yeah.” Ever since the whole thing with the contract Gabe hadn’t really asked him if he was okay with doing anything… It was just assumed he was on board. And for the most part Cas was. He was nervous as hell about the whole thing but he couldn’t keep living with the words in his head. He had convinced himself that if they came out on stage that maybe some type of healing might actually begin. He looked at Gabe who didn't look convinced at all that he was okay, and suddenly the thought hit Cas that this wasn’t about the song. It was about his sleeping in all morning. A seemingly innocent thing to do if he hadn’t started his time here in a debilitated stupor refusing to get out of bed for weeks on end. At that moment Castiel made a point to get out of bed as if to prove that the action was evidence that this wasn’t some kind of relapse. “I’m good,” he stated with some force in an attempt to get himself to believe it as well. "I'll be ready to go in twenty."
Well, Dean wasn’t sure if he really convinced Cas or if he really even believed it himself, but right now certainly wasn’t the time to think about it.  He needed Cas and he couldn’t get what he needed while he was going on about making a drunken mistake.  Dean almost commented when Cas had mentioned that.  He hadn’t had a drop of liquor since the day before and in fact was completely sober.  Insane possibly.  But sober.  But instead of informing Cas of this information he thought better of it and instead went in for a harder kiss that said shut the fuck up and kiss me.
Castiel arched an eyebrow as he quickly realized this wasn't like any other prayer. And he quickly knew exactly who it was.  He felt a churning in his own gut that he refused to acknowledge. Or at least tried to. The pleading was desperate and he could almost imagine the green eyed man in the other room in his bed.. or perhaps the shower- He closed his eyes shut tight at the thought he had conjured up of the man standing naked with the water pouring over him while he took care of himself. No, he didn't do that. He didn't let himself have these thoughts. He hummed slightly trying to focus on that sound instead of curses that were still penetrating his thoughts, faster now with his name as if it were a song. He frowned at the crass way humans could curse in prayer and thought of the men that had used and abused him before he arrived at the steps of this green eyed man, who just last night had forced him to be part of some sex ritual just like the rest of them. He was no different.
The girl crossed her arms looking at Dean up and down like she couldn’t believe this was happening right now. “I don’t even know what the hell is going on. But instead of arguing about him coming out why don’t you just knock on the door.”
“It’s not going to be weird or anything.” Castiel insisted, taking his brother's hesitance as a bad sign even though he had gotten an answer. “Meg said we should celebrate just like you did and she thought instead of staying out drinking since it wasn’t my thing we could hang out at the house and talk about music and stuff.”
Castiel looked at Dean after he said it. His breathing was starting to normalize and he absolutely hated how much he enjoyed kissing him and how much it hurt when Dean called it “casual fun” when he wanted it to be anything
Dean nodded though he wasn’t sure if he understood everything Cas was saying completely.  He got the gist which was enough but wasn’t good with words and didn’t know how to answer. After a few seconds of uncomfortable silence in the dark he reached over and turned on the lamp on the night stand before opening the drawer and rummaging through.  He pulled out a napkin with writing on it. He pushed off the bed and wakled over to Cas, offering it to him.
“She’s been trying to get an audition to join the show for a while,” Gabe explained to them. I’ve heard her at some different open mic nights. I don’t think her style meshes with ours, but now that she’s besties with Cas it’s hard to take no for an answer,” Gabe sighed lightly knowing unless things had changed dramatically from the last time he had heard Meg the answer was going to be no still. He hoped that Cas wouldn’t be too upset.
And he did. After his black coffee and short stack with bacon, he headed over to what he thought was a small locally owned bookstore.  Well, it was. But what he didn’t know from the name “Bela’s Books and Boutique was that it was all metaphysical books and things. He walked a couple of the aisles not wanting to appear rude by leaving so soon after entering.  But his walk down the aisles soon turned to casual meandering as slowed looking at different items caught his eye. Some of it because it was ridiculous or at the very least hard to imagine someone actually doing. Love potions and spells were on the top of the ridiculous list. The dark spells and rituals were another eye roll. He had seen
He snuggled into the covers before eventually falling asleep with his phone in his hand while waiting for a reply that never came.
Thanks for hanging in there with me as I figure it out. My roadmap is the songs. The in-betweens still change a lot so it takes longer to write and for some reason it's hard for me to skip days. <3
"I forgot I put my weed in here. It makes the coffee better. But I wasn't planning on you getting shit faced and kissing me and staying the night and me making you coffee."
any part of his exposed body really. He looked down finding his pajama pants were tented and he breathed a silent sigh of relief that his body didn’t catch up to his mind until
Even though the audience on Thursday nights were a lot more relaxed, talking through the live music, a soft murmuring began to spread in the crowd as they started wondering what they were about to witness. Castiel’s voice mixed with his slight sway when attempting to stand still made him easy to identify as drunk. The dancers looked helplessly at the two on stage before hurriedly making their exit behind the curtain, not sure if the two were about to fight or if they were about to interrupt the next act by lingering any longer.
Meg sent back a black heart and Castiel returned his phone to the night stand, quickly drifting off to sleep with slight smile on his face.
Dean smiled, remembering the ol’ switcheroo he used to help the boy get out of the room where he was clearly uncomfortable.  “Yeah, anytime, Cas.”
“Thanks.” He gave his friend a tired smile and absolutely meant it as he pulled the drink more toward himself.  Before taking a drink Gabe looked toward the crowd still enjoying the show just in time to see Dean disappear into the audience as he made his way back to his seat. He frowned some remembering Dean’s warnings about his little brother. “Chuck, am I doing anything right? Maybe I’m not cut out for this mentor guardian stuff.”
Dean gave a questioning glance to his brother, not sure how to take the order. "Stop what?" he asked with his mouth half full of whatever mystery meat he was chewing.
Dean's face went blank as he stared at him. Normally he would have been furious that he just drank a whole pot of weed. And that Cas actually mentioned the unmentionable. The kiss. But now all he could bring himself to do was sigh, stand and walk over to the bed, fall onto his back and stare at the ceiling. "You're a fucking dick." He said, laughing out the last word unintentionally.
“Maybe I should drink then,” Cas muttered to himself but felt sick just at the thought of the night he was so drunk he kissed Meg before throwing his guts up.
Gabe watched his brother trying to detect if the question was asked because he wanted to see Dean or if he was avoiding him.  When he was unable to do so he simply shrugged. "Sorry, Charlie. Sam already ate and Dean left after coffee.
Sam sighed at how stupid both of the Winchester boys could be and begrudgingly played along. “Yes, Dean-O, wouldn’t want to keep you out of the loop on this.” Gabriel sounded tired and it made Dean straighten some, seeing that he was obviously upset about the whole Cas situation. The time for
Castiel moved back behind the machines and flipped another switch to change his voice before moving the mic back into the stand and pounding out on the keyboard again.
" Dean moaned and even in the privacy of his own bedroom felt himself blush as the word escaped... as if he were begging the angel for his own end to come. He wasn't the one who begged. He made others beg. But even he couldn't deny that the most powerful being to walk the earth, the one he had chained up down the hall, made him want to be the one to beg for once. It was a good fantasy at least. He knew he would never be able to trust the angel enough to have that kind of power over him. Believing that he might be able to get him there would be the same as signing his own death sentence. The fantasy itself almost felt dangerous... he knew he should push the thought out of his mind. But the thought made his cock throb in his hand. "
Castiel paused outside of Dean’s room and peered down the hallway to the living room which looked empty.  He went to his room and put the napkin in his own nightstand drawer before quickly changing into his PJ’s. Quietly he exited his room hoping that Dean had already fallen back asleep as he padded barefoot down the hall. He hesitated at the bottom of the stairs before quietly heading up, needing to check in on Samuel Winchester before heading to bed himself. As soon as he reached the top of the stairs he saw Sam’s bedroom door open and Gabe quietly come out closing the door behind him. He turned and jumped when he saw Castiel standing there but regained his composure quickly. The older boy moved passed Castiel descending the stairs quickly leaving him to follow.
Cas was drunk. Silly drunk. He had needed ample amounts of alcohol to get through what he had just told Meg. Everything. Well… everything up until when he got here. He left all the parts with Dean out because he couldn’t even think about that right now. Hell, he started all this drinking to forget Dean. Then Balthazar shows up out of nowhere… Gabriel’s doing for sure. It was hard to be angry at his brother when he felt this good, though.
. Like his whole body was on fire and he was addicted to the burn. He fell asleep with his fingertips on his lips, wondering if that would be the last time he kissed his friend. He certainly hoped not.
Gabriel actually laughed out loud. "You're kidding right?" He asked with a smile and stepped forward almost like he was trying to hurt Sam. "She gets you fucked up, fucks you, and leaves you. Obviously unsatisfied because you're always trying to get some from me…"
It was so hard to resist the urge to make a scene congratulating him. He wanted to shout from the rooftops that he was loved and that everything was going to be okay. But Cas didn’t come out to the world, he came out to him. And he knew how to be tactful,
"I'm... Not really..." Dean rolled his eyes. They were inviting Chuck now. He could practically imagine the man fidgeting and blushing. "N-no thank you." He stammered out. Footsteps followed until a door opened and they walked out. The second the door clattered closed there was more giggling.
Cas frowned staring at his brother which evidently spoke volumes because when Gabe caught his eye he huffed and turned to get a glass of water. “I mean it’s bad. But it used to be a lot worse and it’s honestly getting better and it’s fine.
Cas was sitting at the empty bar as Gabe went around the club flipping on lights and turning on all of the audio equipment. He doodled in a notebook, writing words that might later become lyrics randomly across the page as he sipped coffee from the travel mug he had poured back at the house. He ignored the buzz of the audio equipment that came to life on the stage as Gabe brought it to life and was interrupted when his phone vibrated in his pocket. He frowned slightly as he put his mug down and dug it out of his jeans. When he unlocked it he was surprised to see a number he didn’t know with the two words
Sam sighed and finally looked up meeting his friend’s eyes. They looked soft now, the anger completely vanished leaving concern and worry and he absolutely hated himself for letting things get so out of control.
Behind the stage, Gabe was silently cheering on his little brother. The Novak's lived for music. They were literally born into it like a birthright. This was what came of Gabe encouraging him to write down his feelings, even though Cas had insisted on telling him that he was numb and there was nothing to say. Gabe knew Cas well enough to know behind that rigid form of a man there was something that needed to be expressed. And through the music he could do just that.
The song ended with loud applause and hollers from the audience.  The only person left on stage was Gabe as he took it all in waiting to address his crowd with the mic in his hand. “Pretty good, right?” Sam asked, shouting some to be heard. Dean didn’t have time to respond before Sam cupped his hands to his mouth and let out a loud holler of his own, his smile from ear to ear as he cheered for his roommate.
anymore after what happened. But Gabe didn’t know of any newcomer who would switch Chuck on like that after this many months had gone by. It was summer time but more people left to see family than came into the city. Just when he started thinking he might be getting inspiration elsewhere and not from the bar, Chuck interrupted his thoughts.
Dean realizes that he seems to be running the show at this point, because Cas doesn’t make any move toward continuing where they left off, but instead waits to see what Dean is going to do next.  Since Dean doesn’t know the direction it’s going or what this even means he just stands holding onto Cas for a few more minutes.  Now that impulse has stopped taking over and his heart rate is returning to normal he is lost.  A better summary of it would actually be scared shitless, but he drives the thought away with another soft kiss on Cas’ lips and when he pulls away Cas hears a soft broken sound escape his lips.
that Dean could pull out of the guy… That was starting to feel like that comfortable control that Dean needed to stay balanced in life. He grinned to himself some as he felt the power shift. Maybe Cas would take his breath away and have the upper hand tonight when he performed. But as long as he was able to pull the smiles and laughs out of him… make him flustered and
“States that if I’m to keep living here I have to sing at least one of my songs per week.  Gabe thinks it’s… therapeutic… to confront my past so directly.  And to be honest,” he took a drink of his coffee and sighed, “I was happy to push that song off to Meg. Writing things down to get them out of my head is one thing…” Cas shook his head, eyes a little unfocused as he continued, “saying it out loud... singing it… that makes it real. And that’s the hard part.” His eyes came into focus and he blinked some figuring all of this was probably boring to Dean.  He cleared his throat and shrugged, “That’s what Gabe thinks I should do, anyway. That’s what he said he did when he got out of there. He said it’s the only thing that helped him be normal. If you want to call Gabe
Castiel remembered the boutique well. Dean was at the checkout counter finishing his transaction as he walked up to him. He saw the shopkeeper hand him the bag before mentioning that Dean had previously tried to hook up with her. He turned the stone over in his open palm, feeling worse now for letting things get awkward when Dean had obviously been doing something nice for him by buying the gift. He silently vowed he would do better to protect their friendship moving forward.
Dean looked up suddenly at him, wide eyed at the question. Chuck felt his cheeks warm at his own word vomit stemmed from curiosity. The show was still going on leaving them alone at the bar for a short time while Gabe finished his phone call a good distance away near the entrance of the club.  The expression on the bartenders face was soft yet pained as if Dean’s choice to pull away had somehow hurt him as well. The Winchester looked down at the bar again unable to meet his hurt eyes that matched the pang he felt in his own heart.  A long moment went by before he finally mumbled a response. “He was drunk.”
test. Dean was the innocent one in all of this, after all, the Winchester had shown no outward emotions toward him other than being friendly. It was Castiel who couldn’t accept his friendship without having the perverted thoughts that Meg had so candidly reminded him of.  He was ashamed of himself for not being stronger and having the volition to stop his inappropriate feelings toward the guy.
"It even has a disco ball..." Charlie began telling him before Sam laughed and chimed in, teasing Andy who was obviously taking it in stride.
“And leave Cas to figure out who he is on his own?” Chuck shook his head. “No, Gabe. You’re doing fine. Families are… complicated. You’re not just his mentor. You’re his brother. He’ll come around. He’ll be fine.”  Gabe nodded softly but Chuck could see he didn’t fully believe him. He hesitated a couple of seconds, letting Gabe get a few good swallows of his drink down before finally speaking.  “Hey, umm…” he leaned in a little closer making Gabe look up again. “If possible... I’d like a slot next week. Got some things coming together and need to get it out.”
Realizing that he was openly gaping at his friend, Dean ruffled through the papers Chuck had given him as if to organize and understand them while he secretly peered passed them at Cas.  He was doing some sort of morning stretching that was both ridiculous and cute.
“Pas dans un million d'années.” He told him angrily to the question he didn’t even allow him to ask. He turned around, got in his car and left.
"You’re damn right I can." The older man confirmed gruffly which only caused Dean's smile to widen. Who knew? Maybe he would have a good time and not be bored out of his mind with college doofuses. It was summer break after all.
Meg was in a black tank top and a dark blue pajama shorts stretched out on the king sized bed as she flipped through some of Castiel’s notebooks. She liked that she was the only person that he let look at them freely. Even Gabriel hadn’t seen what he had written unless Castiel volunteered a page.  “Do you know what song you’re going to do next week?” she asked as she turned the page to find the writing on this page to have a lot of bible verses underlined and bolded with Cas’ new conflicted thoughts on them scratched out to the side.
Maybe it was because Gabe went in on him in front of his brother, maybe it was because of all the things building up inside of him that he didn't know how to even say, but he doubled down. "You don't even know Ruby," he said coming to her defense.
Gabe finally stood up and put his hands on his brothers shoulders forcing him to stop and look into his eyes after he just spent the last ten or so minutes rambling and pacing the room.  “Hey,” he said with a smile on his face that was beaming of nothing but pride and love for his brother. “Of course you can, Castiel,” he said softly and meant it. “Take a week. Most of the stuff here at the club is at the house in the music room at home. Work there, come in and talk to Ash or me when you have questions. The songs can wait. This was never about churning them out of you unwillfully.” He paused to let that sink in. It really wasn’t.  It was about healing. And watching his brother have a freak out about
Cas’ eyes flickered down to Balthazar’s lips before landing back on his eyes and in that second, Balthazar knew what the gift was. It felt like time froze as Cas leaned forward and touched their lips together. Still chaste, still sweet. This time Balthazar’s heart was pounding and it was Cas who finally pulled back with flushed, embarrassed cheeks as he studied his friend, wondering if what he did was okay.
.   "Down the hall.." he instructed, letting the angel walk forward in front of him. The hallway was wide with some of his favorite items on display like a mini museum.  Castiel walked with all the elegance and grace that he always had, keeping his head high even as he was paraded through like a sports trophy.  He barely moved his head, but he took in the details of the house, eyes flickering around and memorizing every inch and detail.  The male -- Winchester, he remembered -- had many artifacts, some rare and some not so much.   "Left up here." Dean announced as they turned down another hallway that had a few doors on the left and right as well as one at the very end of the hall with a sigil on it that the angel was sure to recognize. Castiel continued forward, barely narrowing his eyes as he spotted the Enochian symbol on what was sure to be his room.
The feeling of Cas’ lips covering his own made his eyes snap open with surprise. His heart, now going a mile a minute, left him feeling temporarily sober as the chaste, close-lipped kiss softly lingered there. The word
Cas nodded and chewed his lip nervously as he waited for the younger Winchester to continue. Dean wanted Sam to call him? To tell him what? Never to talk to him again. Forget they were friends? To tell him they never really were friends to begin with?
“Like this.” Dean started explaining before picking up his beer bottle and remembering it was empty. “Can I-?” Chuck was already popping the top off a new bottle and slid it in front of him.  The Winchester was still lively enough that Chuck thought he had a bit left in him before he’d have to exercise his right to refuse service. Dean looked like he could handle his liquor.
"Oh? What do you do?" Dean asked curiously and leaned back himself while taking a drink of his beer.
Maybe Gabe was right and opposites did attract. And after what Gabe said about Meg pulling him out of his depression, he found that he could be thankful for her for that. Even if it was a little weird to worry about Cas making a friend that looked like she could chew you up and spit you out at a moments notice.
Castiel nodded again. He was upset about Lisa and how their night went. "Should I leave?" Castiel asked.
Cas cleared his throat some and tried to look innocent as he asked, “Yeah, the Winchesters. Where are they?”
Dean doubled over laughing. "H-how was I supposed to know the chemicals would react that way?!" he asked through tears.
Cas nodded and looked at the three he was sitting with before telling them sincerely, “thank you for coming tonight. I appreciate your support.”
Sam laughed a little not believing that Cas would actually be capable of doing such a thing and really Gabriel didn’t believe it either. But he did know that his brother tended to pour his emotions into his notebooks. So if Meg made him feel uncomfortable today that’s what he was probably doing.  “I’m sure tomorrow he’ll be good as new. G’night buddy boy.”
Dean smiled warmly and gave a slight wave of his hand to acknowledge him before closing the door. He had taken the Impala out on long outings before. But nothing as far as Lawrence, Kansas to Stanford, California where his brother has been going to school the last three years. He turned up the volume and pulled out of the garage, excited to see his little brother for the first time since Christmas.
Sam ignored him as he unlocked his phone. “Group text,” he called over. "They’re just making sure we got home okay.”
Back at the bar, Cas got the picture and smiled. “Goodnight, Dean” he said and smiled at the image of the sleepy boy before pocketing it. He picked his pencil up and continued writing, his words a bit more cheerful than they were before.
“He’s working through something,” Gabe said all too calmly leaving his own brother to shrug his shoulders and give him one of his helpless puppy dog looks. Dean got the message. Gabe was his brother. What could he do? But it felt like he was taking sides and it irritated Dean that his own brother wasn’t picking
“More purple nurples!” Andy yelled and Charlie and Sam jumped in practically chanting “More purple nurples! More purple nurples!” as Dean rolled his eyes with a chuckle.
Gabe rolled his eyes as his head tipped back unable to believe he was having this conversation.  “Of course I’m not trying to force him to come out.  He will when he is ready.  It’s a costume and fits the vibe of the song. I just asked him to try it out.”
She walked down the steps straight to the booth that Cas was at making Dean jump some when he saw her out of the corner of his eye so close. He was having a hard time watching with all the eye fucking she seemed to be doing with Cas and until now was still looking away. Now she was in front of the young Novak and smiling at him as he blushed blinking up at her and gave a worried glance Dean’s way before looking back at her.
Castiel tilted his head further before swaying some a bit off balance in the stool he sat in. Everything was still and calm as long as he wasn’t moving he could keep telling himself that he wasn't
Gabe straightened some as his eyes got wider knowing exactly what that meant. As embarrassed as he had felt when his feelings for Sam were on display for the whole bar to hear… he never turned down an opportunity for it to happen to others. Chuck was an amazing bartender and if that was it, it would be enough. But the regulars knew the rumors of
“The front table is reserved for us...” Dean heard Andy tell Sam when entered. Dean lagged behind, taking in the sights around him as he followed his party. The bar was older and had a nice charm to it. Nothing fancy but definitely well-kept and clean. There were a lot of people hanging out and but the majority were migrating to the back where Andy was leading them off to. "...Gabe said that his brother might make his debut tonight too, if he can work up the nerve...” Andy high-fived most of the people he passed, definitely a friendly guy that everyone seemed to know and love. He was obviously a regular here. Charlie would wander off for a few moments as she recognized someone she knew in the distance and told them "hi" and "talk to you later" before joining the group again. Neither of them looked like the lawyer type.
.  He must still think that the song was hers. She just hoped that he didn’t look at Cas and see how flustered he had become. Suddenly she got an idea that would help deceive Gabriel.
“Fuck you, Gabriel. Are you fucking kidding me?” Peeking around the corner Dean saw Meg in black jeggings, a grey tank top and leather jacket with a look on her face that was pure fury.  “Are you fucking trying to force him to come out or what?”
Dean got his second boot on and went to stand, but before he could, Cas grabbed his wrist and held it lightly. He looked over to him a little surprised at the sudden movement and looked back down just as quickly. Those stupid blue eyes were looking at him with concern of all things. Cas wouldn't say it, but he was worried about Dean, and after his temporary insanity last night, how could he not be.
Cas' cheeks reddened at the mention of Dean and how the boy could make Castiel appear physically different somehow.
And then it hit him. Cas dressed up for this. Maybe with Meg’s help but he absolutely doubted this look was an accident. After all, Meg admitted that she told him Balthazar was here, so why wouldn’t he dress to impress the guy he wanted or whatever. Dean’s heart began to ache as he looked at the shirt again, hating that their thing was being put on display for
Zachariah. The realization that this would make him think less of himself than of Zachariah, the biggest dickwad on the planet, almost made Cas loose his composure. He needed to normalize the situation, fast.
Dean let out a soft sigh as he berated himself internally for worrying. He started walking to his room but slowed when he heard the front door unlocking.  The boys were arguing playfully and quite loudly and Dean’s face almost looked like a disapproving father catching his kids past curfew. Sam stopped immediately wondering if his brother had seen them making out in the car before they came in. He swallowed hard while Gabe walked passed him, completely cool as a cucumber.  “Hey there, Dean-o. You’re brothers got some brawn with them brains. We got the work done in half the time with him.”
Charlie snorted and rolled her eyes but there was a smile on her face. "What he does is live in a van in my driveway." She said with a laugh.
It was Cas that finally broke the silence when he stated, “Gabriel is a good brother.” Dean was a little surprised to hear the statement after everything he witnessed yesterday but he stayed silent and gave a nod. He didn't know Gabriel and even if he did think he was being too hard on Cas yesterday, he could see easily that it was coming from a place of love.  Before Dean thought of a response, Cas continued explaining, “my father... The song was about my father. Gabriel picked up on that from the words, I guess.” The boy sighed and took another drink. Dean stayed quiet realizing the best thing he could do as a friend right now was to simply listen. His brow creased with some concern as he remembered the depressing tone of the song, however. He remembered the chorus coming across as a big “fuck you” without actually saying so, but still… there was that whole other part about wanting to throw himself into the ocean… and looking at Cas now it made his heart hurt knowing he'd ever felt that way.
Dean stood and walked to the doorway, standing with his back against the frame and arms crossed on his chest. Two of the three girls saw him and immediately stopped laughing. The other looked up and only seemed to laugh harder. They were the same three girls from Cas' cabin this morning.
