Dean felt Castiel's member press against his entrance, the cold wet lube causing him to inhale a sharp breath. When the tip of Castiel's dick entered Dean it caused him to whine.
One Saturday evening they were having a few beers and they were feeling fairly buzzed which wasn’t much different from any other Saturday night. Once the laughter died down from something, probably not even that funny Dean said, and he narrowed his eyes at Castiel.
Dean approached and Cas almost came right there. He was wearing worn out jeans with a white shirt under his green plaid flannel with the sleeves rolled up.
"Wait until you try my pie." Cas whispered while Dean studied his face.
"Or... you could stay here with me." Cas moaned in between kisses.
“I’m saying this life is short and it’s hard and cold with so much endless suffering. So you find something that feels good, something you like and let it absolutely destroy you.” Castiel couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth but as soon as the sentence was finished he blew his load into Dean and held his breath, letting it out in small bursts to try and continue being as quiet as he could. Dean looked back at him just as surprised at his words, seductively continuing to milk Castiel’s begging dick.
"Sorry Cas, I think he's straight." Charlie frowns as she hands him the ticket.
“Is this what you wanted?” Dean’s voice gruff as his lips brushed up against Castiel’s ear.
“What? You’re like a fucking robot!” Dean yelled and it caused Castiel to smile as he was abruptly shoved into the wall.
Cas broke free from Dean’s hold and grabbed the other man’s shirt collar, crashing their lips together hard. He wasn’t sure if he was kissing right with his sloppy movements but Dean groaned into his mouth, taking Castiel’s lower lip into his mouth, sucking intently. A sharp breath escaped the priest’s mouth as his lips and tongue wrestled with Dean’s for dominance. Soon after, Dean was the first to break the kiss. He stared at Castiel in awe, like he’d never seen something so majestic. Both breathless, eyes boring into one another, Dean cautiously reached for the bulge in Castiel’s pants.
“Every week? How about everyday? You can just sneak in after the team leaves on practice days. Locker room lovers.” Dean winked.
Dean bust out laughing. “Never mind it’s stupid.” Castiel straightened. “Try me.”
“Lay down.” Dean growled as he led Cas over to the full size bed in the corner.
He cleared his throat. "Hey, Dean come on in." He smirked a devilish smirk.
"I'm not sure why you haven't done that to begin with but yeah that's a good start." She laughed as she walked away from the order window.
"Fuck, Dean. So tight." Castiel cried as he slowly thrust forward, desperately trying not to cum right then. He buried his head into Dean's chest and began biting and sucking at his nipples.
It had been weeks since the sexual encounter Castiel had experienced with Dean. Castiel felt shame, disgust and confusion. How could he allow this to happen? How could he have allowed himself to not only fall for someone but fall for a demon? He tried to get the thought of Dean out of his brain for weeks but it didn’t seem to work. As he sat in the confessional booth trying to focus on the person on the other side confessing their sins, his mind kept flashing back to that night. Dean’s hands running up and down his body, the way Dean fucked into him just right. Suddenly he was snapped back to reality.
“Show me some porn.” Dean blurted out.
"Alan called me last night." Cas sighed.
Dean began massaging Castiel's prostate with his fingers which caused his hips to buck up against Dean's hand.
"I was thinking blueberry?" Cas offered.
"Yeah, um I was gonna see what you're doing tonight. I just moved here and I'm trying to make some friends." Dean's tone sounded slightly embarrassed but that gave Cas the power.
“The other night she was wearing these ripped jeans and there was a tear just below one of her butt cheeks and I couldn’t stop staring at her smooth skin, I just wanted to rip them the rest of the way and take her right there against the side of the couch while my wife was in the next room putting the kids to bed. She kept looking back at me knowing how bad I wanted it but couldn’t have it.” Dean shot Castiel an evil, evil grin. Castiel rolled his eyes out of annoyance with Dean and sexual frustration. The man kept talking as Dean dropped down to his knees before Cas, staring at him intently. Castiel felt his dick grow hard against his pants as Dean slowly rubbed his hands up and down his thighs to the crease of his thighs but never quite touching Castiel’s throbbing member. His eyes fluttered shut as he tried to keep quiet.
“Tell me I’m a pussy.” Castiel demanded as he examined the blood he spat onto Dean’s tight chest. Dean can’t even imagine the puzzled look he was giving this man he was so stunned he couldn’t speak momentarily as he realized his dick was rock hard from this encounter.
"You just wait til I actually make your favorite pie and show you all the fun things that we can do with it." Cas bit his lip as he leaned in to steal a kiss from the other man.
“We shouldn’t give into temptation but we are only human… and… sometimes things just… happen.. things we thought we could keep away from only to realize we aren’t as strong as we thought we were.” He silently threw his head back, a soft thud echoing in the small booth, the rhythm of the two men steady and aggressive.
"The other night when we... I got scared but I shouldn't have ran off and I shouldn't have avoided you the last couple of weeks. You're all I can think about and it's driving me crazy." Dean covered his face in stress.
“You’re mine now.” Dean growled, holding Castiel’s legs firmly against him, nibbling at the sides of his feet, roughly massaging at his thighs.
“Cas!” Dean cried out as he watched his cum mixed with Castiel’s and pool onto the bottom man’s stomach. “Fuck, oh, Castiel!” This brought a groan from Castiel due to not only how fucking sexy this was to witness but also the sensitivity of his post-orgasm cock. Once they had pumped every bit of cum from one another, Dean quickly rose and grabbed the first towel he could find to clean them up. Once they managed to clean themselves up, Dean flopped on the bed next to Castiel. Did that really just happen?
"All I've wanted to do the last couple weeks is touch you." Castiel moaned into Dean's ear, nibbling on his earlobe.
“What we did just now? It’s called frotting.” Cas blushed as he took Dean in.
“Get out.” He growled under his breath.
“No. And I know you’re not going to like it either.” Dean sighed as he got fully dressed.
“You’re fucking gorgeous.” Dean didn’t seem to care how desperate the sentence came out because it was the truth. Castiel was doing a very good job at pretending his nerves weren’t screaming at him. As Dean hovered in amazement, Cas reluctantly put his thumbs in the waistline of his cloth pants and slowly pulled them down, freeing his hard member. He felt his cheeks flush as the rather hefty cock bobbed up and down, as if it was waving at Dean.
“You’re a fucking pussy.” Dean echoed as he pushed Castiel against the wall. Castiel bit his lower lip as he examined the wet body before him.
"I know, it's just every gay guy in this town is so... boring. Nothing shocks them anymore." Cas dramatically stated as they both giggled.
“I don’t know, Father, I know it’s wrong. I know I shouldn’t want this. I love my wife and I made a vow to be loyal to her forever…” Dean looked up and arched his brow amused with how ironic this man’s story was to theirs.
“I guess it would be their strength and gruffness, how a man can just grab you and dominate you… they can own you. It’s about the masculinity.” Cas said, as his thoughts came to him.
Dean continued to twist his hand over the shaft, slowly dragging his hand down to the bottom of the shaft then quickly back up to the head in a firm grip. Castiel’s head was spinning. He still wasn’t even sure if this was really happening. From the look on Dean’s face and the soft sounds escaping his lips, he was enjoying this just as much as Cas was. Dean’s reaction to pleasing him made him moan a little louder and more consistently. He should be embarrassed but he’s too gone to care. Suddenly he felt the build up at the base of his spine and he aggressively grabbed Dean’s hand way from his abused pink member.
It only took a few minutes for the food to come out and once Dean was set, Charlie made her way back over to the window where Cas was standing.
“It’s so much better than I could’ve pictured all of those times I watched you speak… Tighter than I could’ve ever imagined. So fucking perfect.”
Dean snarled at Castiel and threw one last good punch, landing on the right side of his jaw. Castiel regrouped himself after taking a hit much harder than the ones before as he could taste the blood filling his mouth. He spit blood all over Dean’s wet chest which brought a mortified look from Dean as he looked down at his chest then back up to Castiel.
His breath hitched as he looked down at his neglected member.
Castiel’s heart was pounding so hard he thought it was going to leap out of his chest. Dean stood over him momentarily to soak in what he was seeing. Quickly he gathered himself and settled in between Castiel’s forbidden thighs. He ordered Cas to remove his shirt and instinctively bit his lip.
"Uh yeah, coffee would be great." Dean answered as he stared at the front door with images of Castiel's mouth all over him flashed in his mind and causing his dick to twitch when he remembered the hot breath mouthing over his boxers. Once he snapped out of it he followed the other man into the kitchen.
Castiel couldn't handle watching the gorgeous man fuck himself onto his finger anymore. He positioned himself in between Dean's thighs and lubed his dick, soft moans slipping from his bitten lip. The sounds cause Dean's hips to buck up, his body begging for Castiel's dick.
With surprising strength, Cas managed to flip Dean off of him and put the upper half of his body on to Dean's chest. They continued kissing for several moments until Cas broke and lustfully stared into Dean's eyes.
“GET OUT.” There was no continuing this conversation.
“Just tell me!” Castiel was out of patience. Dean took a deep breath and softly grabbed Castiel’s hands, eyes locked on one another.
"Dean? What're you doing here?" Castiel tried to mask the enormous grin on his face but was unsuccessful.
“I know you’re upset but just-“
“Mmmmmm.” Castiel slipped as he could tell Dean was getting more comfortable with this. He dropped down and placed his tongue underneath Castiel’s balls and slowly licked up all the way to the head of his dick. “Nnnnngghh.” Castiel groaned, bucking his hips upward. A whine slipped from his lips when Dean moved away from him to retrieve a bottle of lube from his nightstand drawer. He dropped down to meet Castiel’s lips with his own, both enjoying how they took turns gently massaging their tongue against the other’s. Dean weakly pulled himself away from Castiel and dispensed a decent amount of lube into the palm of his hand before slicking himself up with it, the sounds making Castiel go crazy. He straddled Castiel and carefully lined their dicks together, running the head of his painfully slow down Cas’s. Once he couldn’t handle the teasing anymore he slowly grabbed both of their dicks into his hand while steadying himself on the mattress with his left hand, lube causing his hand to slide up and down with ease.
A smile brightened Dean's face almost in disbelief of what was happening.
"I'm sorry I came here. I should leave." Dean went to grab the nob of the door but Cas grabbed his wrist.
They were once again lost in each other until Castiel broke the kiss to say, "I'm sorry but I need to put my sheets in the washer." They both laughed and he hurried and put the sheets in.
“There’s a side door to the left of here. I’ll let you in at 9pm. Don’t be late and do be discrete.”
“Forgive me, Father for I have sinned… it’s been two hours since I jerked to the thought of your face.”
"Oh, Cas." Dean groaned, running his hands through the messy mop on Castiel's head. This brought Castiel's face up to Dean's, their eyes locking and they both were panting for air and mouthing at each other's lips. It was as if they were to stop looking at each other long enough to engage in a deep kiss they would lose the sight of each other forever, so they continued teasing their lips and Castiel thrust hard into Dean. Moaning in unison, Castiel rolled his hips harshly into Dean watching every facial expression and every muscle tense up against him.
“Oh honey, you have no idea how I’m going to make you mine.” Dean hummed as he pushed Castiel away from him and onto his bed. He crawled up Castiel as the other man scooted his way up to the pillows, falling flat and suddenly taken in by the slightly larger man. Castiel sucked in as much breath as he could before engaging in what seemed like the longest and sexiest kiss. Dean rose up and yanked both of their shirts off but that was about all the time he could stand to be away from those lips. He collapsed his upper body back onto Castiel, feeling the other man’s legs wrap around his waist and press himself against Dean.
Dean blinked confused, chewing his food while maintaining intense eye contact with the cook. Once he swallowed and took a drink he began to speak.
“The things I’m going to do to you, Winchester.” Castiel moaned against Dean’s ear, his tongue darting harshly down the side of the man’s neck before attacking his shoulder with his teeth. Dean’s face pointed toward the ceiling as his breath became irregular.
Fuck. It was Dean.
He dipped his finger in it again and hesitantly brought it up to Dean's lips.
"I'm actually making a fresh one tonight at my place if you're interested." Castiel bit his lip with anticipation and the thought of having Dean all alone.
"Yeah that's fine." Why was Dean so uncomfortable??
“Dean I’m gonna cum again.” Dean showed no mercy and pounded even harder into him. Cum spurt from Castiel’s dick again as Dean milked his prostate then let out a guttural moan himself as he unloaded into Castiel’s ass. “Fuuuckkk yesssss.” He hissed as cum filled the other man. He collapsed on top of Castiel’s back, planting small kisses down his spine before slowly pulling out. Castiel allowed Dean to clean them up and noticed a look of sadness in Dean.
"No girlfriend?" Cas blurted out.
"Are you ready?" Cas gasped as the lube began stimulating his head. "Please." Dean pleaded grabbing at Castiel's hips.
“So this didn’t just happen because you’re drunk?” Castiel needed reassurance and it was adorable.
"Fuck me, Dean. Please." Cas pleaded as he held onto his pillow.
"Fuck, Dean, mmmm." He cried as he desperately jerked his dick, spurting hot white cum all over his bed. He fell limp upon it but was too high to care. It didn't take long before Dean's pace became faster and his groans more frequent.
"I've never... what I mean..." Dean sighed as he tried to gather his thoughts. "I've never been attracted to another man before." He dropped his head almost in shame.
Dean stood there with a hard expression as if thinking about how wrong this was but how he was still into it.
“I’m half human. I know how things work here which is why it was so easy to get close to Cas. As a Knight of Hell I was to corrupt him for the sake of evil, but honestly I say fuck my boss too. I’ve corrupted him for myself. I want him to be all mine, God can’t have him and the King of Hell can’t have him, he’s fucking mine.” Dean advanced on the pope and laid his hand upon the man’s shoulder and leaned into his ear.
He quickly turned Castiel against the wall, pressing his face against the cool shower wall. Castiel could hear Dean working spit up in his mouth and his entrance was suddenly met with a spit soaked finger circling his entrance. “Mmmm.” Castiel moaned as Dean didn’t take a whole lot of time to prep him and a lustful smile brushed his lips. He wasn’t anywhere near fully prepped but the pain and anticipation was killing him and he needed Dean inside of him.
This Sunday’s service went routine just like any other. Father Castiel spoke of how God is good, he loves his creations and everyone should honor them. Once service ended and stragglers were beginning to leave he went to the confessional booth. He noticed the green eyed beauty in the second row today during his sermon, staring at him with intent, which made it even more intriguing because he knew for a fact he had never seen this man before. Regardless, he could tell that there was something in this man’s eyes that held a secret. It didn’t matter unless the man brought it to the confessional booth though and even then it couldn’t matter on a personal level, for he was devoted to God and was here to do his work. Was Castiel gay? The quick answer was that he didn’t want to be. So instead of succumbing to sins of the flesh he decided to dedicate himself to the lord to show he was worthy to walk along side of God in the Kingdom of Heaven. Everything had been going as planned too, until he lay his eyes upon those gems of pure emerald beauty. It wasn’t a few minutes that he had made his way into his confessional booth that he heard the door to the opposing open and quickly shut, with the rustling sound of someone sitting down in the chair. Before Castiel could even form words, the body on the other side of the window began to speak. “
“Are you ready?” Cas nodded eagerly, biting his lip with anticipation. The suspense was almost too much until he felt Dean’s cold and wet finger against his virgin entrance.
“I’m not out of control, just out of Crowley’s control that was always the problem. But with him, it didn’t mean anything it was just convenient and kind of part of the job.” Dean rolled his eyes, feeling bad that Castiel knew of the one before him since Castiel had only been with him.
Heat flooded Castiel's body at the thought of being inside of Dean. He followed Dean into the bedroom and watched him undress seductively which caused Cas to follow by removing his clothing as well. Their warm bodies slammed against each other as Dean's mouth welcomed Castiel's massaging tongue. A moan slipped from both of them, desperate for the touch of the other.
“Forgive me.” Dean gave a half smile that was filled with hurt and then his eyes turned jet black. Castiel jerked his hands away like he had been burned.
“Dean.” Castiel yelled out then yanked Dean back and went for his neck yet again, sucking and scraping his teeth across the skin that caused a pleading sound to escape Dean. He pulled back to admire Dean, his blood smeared all across his face. He can only imagine how he himself must look right now. Dean’s eyes scanned Castiel’s bloody lips and grabbed the back of his neck to pull him into a violent kiss, exchanging each other’s blood and saliva. He bit Castiel’s lip hard enough to draw blood but neither seemed to care, Castiel just continued to claw at Dean’s back because he seemed to enjoy the damage it was doing and Castiel seemed to enjoy Dean’s harsh biting.
“Do you want it gentle?” Dean softly cupped Castiel’s cheek in his hand. Castiel shudders at the touch, licking his lips. Dean was analyzing every tiny shift in his expression as he slowly moved his hands down the innocent priest.
“What?” He asked as he lay on his stomach, adjusting his pillow so his face would be close to Castiel’s.
“You bastard!” Castiel could feel his eyes stinging with tears and his chest crushing in on itself. “So that meant nothing to you at all? I just risked everything for a cheap fuck for the sole purpose of corrupting a paragon of good?” Castiel was furious.
“I was pretty buzzed earlier but once we started kissing, I sobered up real quick.”
“I’m gonna cum again!” Castiel wailed in pain and pleasure as they both rode out their orgasms together.
“Pull my hair.” Dean demanded against Castiel’s full lips. He balled his fists up into Dean’s hair, pulling his head backward. Dean hissed at the pleasurable pain, impressed by the force behind the tug. He slowly looked down at Castiel.
“I don’t know, what makes girls so appealing to you?”
Castiel stared straight ahead for an oddly long amount of time before turning to answer. “What?”
Dean’s hand snaked between them and he firmed gripped Castiel’s neck, pressing their lips together. Cas was lost in ecstasy unable to prevent constant moans slipping from his throat. He desperately ran his hands all over Dean’s bare back while taking in the scent of his pheromones.
“Crowley, an extra three inches doesn’t mean shit when you don’t know how to use it.” Dean shot at him as he quickly advanced to his feet. Anger washed over Crowley’s face.
“Castiel…nnnghhh… Cas… let me fuck you.” Dean’s voice pleading as his hips involuntarily fucked up into Castiel’s tightened fist. The words caused Castiel to freeze after a moment and he looked at Dean like a deer in headlights. “I promise I can give you pleasure in ways you never even imagined just by fucking into that tight little ass.” His voice became an aroused growl by the time he had finished the sentence.
“How do you want me?” He blurted out as if someone had taken over his mouth momentarily. A dark smile formed upon Dean’s face as he rose up and shoved Castiel flat on his back and maneuvered his way in between Castiel’s thick and delicious thighs. Large strong hands ravaged Castiel’s body, Dean leaning in occasionally to bite at his nipples. This new sensation caused Castiel’s body to jerk upward and run his fingers through Dean’s short hair.
Neither said anything for several moments until Dean finally pulled out of Castiel.
"Oh my god I didn't think he was gay!"
“Get out.” Castiel growled.
“Prove it.”
“What the fuck is your problem, guy?” Dean blurted out with a little more emotion than he anticipated.
All Dean could do was watch and think about how good Cas must be with his hands and Cas noticed he was staring.
“Oh, fuck.” Dean muttered, returning the movement, pressing his hips down, bringing a groan from Castiel.
“I’ve never done this before.” Castiel closed his eyes at how lame the words he blurted out sounded.
“Fuck me now.” He growled at Dean as he arched his ass toward the other man. Dean wasted no time pulling his digit out of Castiel to replace it with his throbbing dick. Castiel cried out in pain and pleasure as Dean shoved himself into the tight entrance.
"Are you sure? I think you're just drunk." Castiel was having a hard time processing what was happening.
Dean grabbed Cas and shoved his tongue down his throat, moaning into this mouth in a fit of hunger.
“Are you ready for my dick?”
There stood the pope of the church along with a couple nuns who had apparently heard the entire conversation. Gabriel’s eyes widened as he looked back at Castiel.
"It's Dean. You gave me your number today at the diner."
"Fuck!" Dean cried out, arching his chest upward as he began to reach what he would consider ecstasy. He stared up at Castiel and he playfully teased his own nipples with his fingers, delicate moans slipping from those blowjob lips.
"Would you like me to make some coffee or something?" Castiel offered as he put his keys on the table.
He didn't recognize the number which caused his stomach to drop.
“Oh…ffff.” Castiel bit back the words as Dean’s hole constricted on him. His hips bucked up off the chair and deeper into Dean.
“You taste like honey.” His eyes turned from emerald to black and this brought out something primal in Castiel as his lips went for the open cut on Dean’s neck.
“God damnit Winchester, you have no idea what you’re getting yourself into.” Castiel gritted his teeth as he pressed his still-hard dick up against Dean.
“Or do you want it rough?” Before Castiel could form an answer Dean shoved him up against the locked door and held his wrists in a tight grip above his head. Cas was powerless. All he could do was watch as Dean teasingly brushed his lips against Castiel’s but not quite embracing in a full kiss.
“Am I wrong, Father? I don’t want to tell my wife because then it’ll stop and what if we lose the thrill? Then I’m out of that and a family.” Castiel was balancing three things at once. Trying to hear this man, enjoy himself and also be quiet at the same time. Castiel’s mouth fell slack as Dean bounced and rolled on him, watching small beads of sweat roll down the other man’s back brought a hot heat to his stomach then he tried to compose his voice.
Castiel’s eyes shot open when he felt Dean’s hand wrap around his begging member and jerked him relentlessly. “Dean! Don’t stop, oh fffff-uck!” Castiel cried out as he blew his load all over himself, Dean continued pumping him quickly, allowing his cum to lube his dick even more. He shook with overstimulation, begging Dean to stop stroking his abused dick but the more Castiel tried to make him stop the harder he pumped. Castiel squirmed underneath Dean, whimpering loudly and that’s all it took to send Dean over the edge.
Castiel's mouth dropped open as he watched the way Dean's lips moved up and down his finger. He slowly pulled his hand away from Dean and inched closer to him. Neither spoke, all they could hear was the other's breathing. Cas glanced down at Dean's lips then back up to his eyes and cupped Dean's face in his hand, bringing their mouths together in a hard kiss.
With surprising strength, Castiel managed to flip himself on top of Dean, straddling him with a smile.
Cas pouted looking up at Dean.
“This…” Dean breathed out, “This is what I fucking need forever, I need to feel you and devour each other until there’s nothing left. This is our rock bottom and it’s all I’ve ever fucking wanted.” Dean’s tone was pleading and pathetic but he didn’t care. He had what he’d always wanted. He had found sanctuary in Castiel. He may have ruined Castiel’s life but Castiel seemed to be begging to be set free from his own restraints set upon himself.
“That’s why you love me.” Dean winked before turning his attention back to the screen.
Castiel pulled out his phone and began forming a text to Dean.
"Cas, oh my fuck." Dean cried out as his dick spilled white hot rope onto his stomach, causing Castiel to lose control and cum inside him once again. Neither noticed the deep scratches forming upon Castiel's arms as they both groaned and whimpered.
"I'll take a water and your bacon cheeseburger with fries." He smiled as he examined the restaurant that had started emptying out.
“What? Afraid you might like it?” Dean nudged Castiel’s arm.
“You want to fuck me don’t you?” Castiel said more as a statement rather than a question.
Dean grabbed a handful of Castiel’s hair and pulled him back so their faces were barely inches apart. “You think you’re man enough to take me?” Dean bit his lip as he batted his eyes at his best friend.
“It’s just not that simple anymore, I love the thrill and how wrong it is yet so perfect. The way she feels is indescribable… ” The man let out a frustrated sigh which helped to mask the sigh that slipped from Castiel’s desperate pink lips. Dean lifted himself up quickly to lock his lips with Castiel’s as the man continued to talk about his sexcapades with the family babysitter. Castiel involuntarily wrapped his arms tightly around the other man’s neck, trying so hard to be quiet but also living in the moment and taking in every bit of Dean. Oh how he had missed this. Missed everything about this. How could he go his entire existence without experiencing sex and deciding to take a vow before he even knew what he was missing? He had been avoiding confession himself. Castiel knew that God knew what he did and what he’s constantly thinking of. And to repent would be a lie because as guilty as he should feel, it simply was not there. Yeah Dean was a demon but he wasn’t like the way they’re described in the scripture and there’s a trust. He missed Dean so much in the weeks he had gone without seeing him that the demon part didn’t seem so colossal anymore.
“Father Castiel… Is this true?” Metatron was always kind of a dick, trying to catch Castiel out of line for his own ego.
“If you think this is over, Winchester you’re sadly mistaken. I will make sure I’m there to watch you burn. You and your little bitch. Oh and Castiel is it? You may think you’ve won the lottery in some way but believe me when I say you probably picked the worst of the litter from Hell. Once he’s done with you he will chew you up and spit you back out.” He paused and glared at Dean. “Speaking from experience.” With a blink of an eye the King of Hell was gone.
“I said tell me I’m a pussy.” He gritted his red teeth and softly grabbed Dean’s neck and began running his hand down Dean’s chest about to wrap his hand around the pleading phallus before him. However, just as he got to the navel, Dean slammed him up against the wall. Castiel was expecting another hit but was delighted when his lips were met harshly with Dean’s. It wasn’t an intimate kiss, this kiss was fueled by hate. It wasn’t soft, it was hard and violent. Teeth scraping against each other, teeth catching each other’s lips as they pressed into the kiss as hard as they possibly could. Castiel could cum right then from the pain he was experiencing from the kiss due to the multiple hits he took from Dean. Poor Dean had no idea he was dealing with a masochist. That was what Castiel’s problem was. That was why no matter what Dean did he couldn’t intimidate him; it only made Castiel want him to try harder. Dean broke the kiss and grabbed Castiel by the neck, glaring straight into his eyes.
Castiel stared at Dean with excitement and a hint of mortification. Dean met those blue eyes and giggled.
The air was heavy as both men stared at each other, unsure what to say.
“This time I want you to fuck me. Right here. Right where this all began; while you listen to a man confess breaking his vowels for pleasures of the flesh… just like you have.” Dean smiled as he slowly stripped down to nothing, his pink cock pleading to be touched. He snapped his fingers and with his demonic powers managed to prep himself for Castiel.
“What?” Dean asked biting his lip as he examined Castiel’s face.
“No of course not! That may be how it started when I was first sent here and the first time in the confessional but there’s just something about you. I feel for you There’s something here between us.” Dean looked down to the floor in shame.
Castiel was unsure what the hell just happened but he wasn’t going to complain. Being abused and used by the hottest guy in school, no fuck that, the hottest guy he’s ever seen… let the entire football team watch, at this point Castiel didn’t care. All he wanted was to be fucked and exploited by Dean, regardless what the consequences may be.
His face scrunched up as uncontrollable moans slipped from his mouth, causing Dean to thrust upward even harder. "Fuck, Dean, oh...oh!" Cas aggressively shoved Dean's hips down onto the bed as he spilled inside of him and dropped onto his chest, whimpering against his right peck.
“What the fuck is wrong with you??” Dean demanded as he pulled back trying to understand what was going on.
"Well here is my number in case you change your mind. And my name is Cas, by the way." Cas wrote it out on a small piece of paper and allowed his hand to rub against Dean's as he gave it to him. It was electric.
They both smiled darkly at one another. “Yet there was no hesitation on your end either.” Castiel pointed out.
Castiel’s mouth slowly fell open as he stopped breathing momentarily, his expression staying neutral as his eyes examined Dean’s face, down to his groping hand, then back up to his face. Castiel couldn’t move. A heavy sigh escaped his lips when he saw Dean press his hips upward into his own hand. Dean noticed the noise Castiel made and bit back a soft moan. So fucking sexy. Dean’s hand stopped and as he stared into Castiel’s eyes he moved that hand toward Castiel’s pants with caution. Castiel’s mouth fell even more slack as he was engrossed in Dean. All he’s wanted since day one was for Dean to touch him. Dean swallowed hard as the palm of his hand was met with Castiel’s rock hard member. Castiel shuddered, his forehead falling against Dean’s. He softly moaned as Dean pressed with rhythm up against Castiel’s hard dick.
"Well... some things you can only do with six people"
Sunday night Dean decides that starting next day his life had to go back on track. No more sleeping in - yes, not even for five minutes, avoiding at all cost his neighbour and just focusing on work. He just had to keep his head in the game, no more distractions.
It had felt immediately better to shim it off, the oppressive sensation on his shoulders replaced by a chill breeze, but while folding it carefully, a mix of emotions rushes over him. That trench coat had been a part of him, the old him, the angel, that’s where it had all started. When he remembers that Dean had carried it with him for so long after what he’d done with the leviathan his throat closes up and for a moment he panics, because the air is no longer reaching his lungs and he’s human now, he needs oxygen. He closes his eyes, swallowing, and even though he can breathe again the lump remains stuck, lodged right at the back of his adam’s apple.
The little man nods, his eyes shifting again on Cas face before throwing a small orange bottle in his direction ad patting his hand once on his shoulder
She reaches behind her, pulling out a six-beer carton with two missing
Dean remembered the sorrow in her voice. And remembered very well the fear in his heart. The day after he cut every contact with Liam, terrified that his father could do… something.
"You're going to be ok" he finally answers, sinking into the seat "just stay behind me and don't talk when we get to the camp"
It had happened gradually. He'd burned through his grace slowly but steadily, being cut off completely from heaven and without the means to recharge it, first using it for fighting and transporting people out of danger, then just for healing until he was left with just a feeble spark. His wings, or at least what remained of them, were the only thing that reminded him of who he was, or better of what it was left of him. He kept them hidden, although it always felt uncomfortable. To keep them pressed inside his vessel was difficult without his full grace, constricting, but he had to, for two reasons. If others saw them they would think he could still use his powers, and he wouldn't have been able to deny it. That would have completely killed him, although lately his brain struggled to see the downside of it. The second reason was more private. He was ashamed of his wings. They were once his joy, his pride, he had won many battles thanks to them, they once stroked fear in his enemies. But now... now they were broken, burned, some feathers had fallen, and he had bald spots where you could see the bone here and there... they were pathetic, like him.
His voice broke completely and he forcefully wiped away the tears that were now streaming down his face. Cas feels a big lump in his throat
“You’ll always be my angel”.
"It's ok"
He can feel Castiel’s eyes burn a hole through the side of his face, but he keeps looking at the doctor, who nods
It doesn't take him too long to find the cafeteria. Because of the late hour there wasn't much of a choice. Dean ogles the two stale chocolate chips muffins left in one of the display next to a crumbling cookie. He usually doesn't eat sweets on Sunday. He also doesn't usually spend his Sundays in a hospital with a guy he barely knows. He shifts his eyes to the last three tuna sandwiches on the trail next to the sweets, their colour weirdly neon looking, and scrunches his nose.
John eyes had pierced through him for longer than usual. Then he'd spoken again, the subject changing so rapidly it had made Dean head spin
“I was not stealing it! I didn’t even know it was associated to my name!”
Castiel lays on his back again, abandoning his attempts at getting up. He wasn't ok. His back hurt, his head was spinning, and his chest stung and pulled every time he tried to inhale or exhale.
That of course did not happen.
Again three dots
But now it was morning.
“You don’t want to know why?” he asks, but Sam just shrugs
"Let her go"
"I... don't have money on me right now" Castiel chocks out, but Dean just swats the air around them.
He locks himself into the apartment, almost collapsing on the couch, the erection still raging on. Of course he knew how to put a stop to it, but he wasn’t going to masturbate at the thought of his obnoxious neighbour if he could do something about it – as beautiful and hot as he looked.
His heart stutters. He hears Dean clear his throat. But he does not move.
"He will be any minute so…" Sam insists, slyly looking around and then moving closer to his brother, that was more fidgety than a flipper ball "as per tradition something old" he continues, slipping in Dean's front pocket the crafted version of the Samulet those girls had made for their play. "Something new” he grabbs Dean's wrist, clicking on a silver bracelet, and at his brother raised eyebrow he explained "it's made from an angel blade. My gift to you. And lastly" he finishes, stuffing an old and tattered baseball cap in his internal pocket "something borrowed. It was Bobby's. Garth Idea. He wants it back tho"
nothing more, nothing less.
And when they finally reached completion, everything going white around Castiel, he realized that he could never go back to not touching Dean. If this is what it felt like every time they’d be together, achieving a union so holy that it would take divine intervention to separate them, then Castiel would never let go.
"Dean, wait! What's wrong?" Castiel chased after him and grabbed him to turn and face him.
“Oh I think you do… Last Sunday… you left me so abruptly and we were just starting to have fun.” Dean playfully pouted as he listened intently to the other man behind the window.
Once they laid down next to each other completely naked and completely vulnerable they were unable to take their eyes off one another for even a second as if doing so they'd never remember how beautiful the other was.
“I love my wife but I can’t stop sleeping with the babysitter…” Castiel shifted in his chair as he tried to figure out what he was going to say.
This brought Castiel back to Dean. His body began to burn hot in arousal and he tried everything to block it out but as the tone in the man’s voice turned aroused it was more difficult to stop. A startled squeal suddenly came from the priest as Dean materialized before his very eyes. “Gah!” “
“Now we both know that isn’t true, don’t we?” Dean hummed. Castiel couldn’t say anything because Dean was right. He didn’t want him to stop, but what choice did he have.
"I've had your meat everyday for lunch the past week, so you tell me." Even though Dean was taken back by the comment he decided to stand his ground.
“Come on, Dean, this is weird.” Cas laughed nervously as he couldn’t help notice Dean staring at the screen with intent.
"I got your text and figured we should talk in person." Dean stared shyly at the ground before glancing up at Cas.
“Surprise.” Even though he flashed a cocky smirk Castiel could tell it was just for show.
"So is he gay?" Charlie approached looking surprised at the entire interaction.
“Cas… need you… now.” Dean huffed out as he pressed his throbbing member against Castiel. “Does it hurt?” Cas asked, his voice showing more caution than before..
Cas opened the door wearing tight black sweats and a black shirt to match.
“Father? Are you still there?” The man’s voice on the other side slightly startling him.
"Goddamnit." He growled, opening the curtain to look at the screen to see who was interrupting his few minutes alone.
Dean followed his directions and went into clean himself up. It wasn't too long til Castiel followed.
He quickly locked his phone and shoved it in his pocket, his heart starting to pound in his chest.
“What???” Dean scoffed. “You’re pissed that I won’t submit to you, that you don’t scare me. But don’t you wanna know why you don’t scare me?” Castiel asked as his eyes carelessly examined Dean’s physique. Dean didn’t answer, just stood there breathing heavily anticipating on an answer. Castiel stepped closer and stared Dean directly into his bright green eyes. “Kinda hard to be scared of someone you want to fuck.”
Dean sat at the table watching Cas as he started the coffee maker. Without saying anything Cas came and sat across from him and they stared at each other in silence.
“What?” Castiel was confused because he had seen Dean drinking all evening.
*gets a tad hot and heavy!*
Castiel dropped down to his knees and looked up at Dean with a sinister smile as he unbuttoned the constricting jeans, exposing Dean's boxers. He began mouthing over the fabric of Dean's boxers at the large bulge. Dean let out a sharp gasp and his hips jerked up against Castiel's full lips.
"Like my meat?" Cas could barely prevent a dark smirk from forming at the right side of his mouth.
Once he approached his house he stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw.
The silence was thick and hot, the tension building before Dean broke it.
"Bathroom is on the right." Castiel breathed out heavily as he tried to regain his composure.
“You’re not my boss, dick bag.” Dean growled.
“I’m sorry, guy. I can’t do this anymore. As a priest I’d tell you to resist temptation and repent blah blah blah. But you know what? Life is too short and if you’re not happy and think this girl’s pussy is golden and worth risking everything for then fucking do it. I’m out of here.” Dean stood there in absolute shock of what just happened and he opened the door to the booth, not concerned of other eyes around to see him exiting the booth with another man. The guy followed suit and opened the door to his confessional booth and Castiel saw that it was Gabriel. He had known him since they were kids and he knew the entire time during the confessional he recognized the voice. Gabriel stood there frozen as he saw the two men exit the booth.
Without saying anything Castiel leaned over to his nightstand where he opened the drawer with lube in hand.
Is everything okay, Father?” Concern filled the anonymous man’s voice.
“Oh-mmm.” Castiel cried out with silent restraint. They may have this end of the corridor to themselves but he wasn’t going to risk being heard. Their eyes met with his dick in Dean’s hand then he quickly darted his eyes in another direction. “No.” Dean demanded, grabbing his chin with his free hand. “I want you to watch me.” He licked his lips as those blue eyes locked again with his. Hovering over Cas he allowed a string of saliva to drop slowly from his mouth, perfectly onto the head as he slowly stroked. This lubed up Castiel’s dick making it that more pleasurable. Cas whined under him as he could also hear the slick sounds of the spit moving up and down his dick.
"Keep going." Cas whimpered as the movement inside him had briefly stopped.
"Cas, I want you inside of me." Dean groaned as he ran his hands all over Castiel's tight body.
“I’m sorry, Gabriel, I am in no position to tell you how to live your life because I betrayed my vows weeks ago and I’ve been fallen. If you want to fuck that girl, who am I to tell you it’s wrong? I just fucked this dude DURING your confession. I’m nothing. I’m shit. If you want someone to talk you out of it or shame you, I’m not your guy.” Castiel was shedding everything that had ever been put into his mind by someone else. All the stories of God he had been told, how the world works. He knew it was all bullshit and he was done living for everyone else. Dean is what he wanted and once he had a taste he knew nothing would ever be the same. Gabriel stood there unsure what to say or if he should just walk away. He knew that Castiel was always someone who stayed in line and followed the rules which was why he was never surprised to find that he became a priest in the first place. This however was a huge surprise. They all three stood there for a long while in silence and Castiel was having trouble getting a read on what Gabriel was feeling.
"I think I'll go see about that right now." Cas flashed a smile as he dusted himself off while making his way to the counter.
"So how long have you been here?" Dean asked, sipping his beer.
“Because you want me to.”
Castiel stood there stunned and wide eyed. He swallowed hard as he tried to read Dean's facial expression.
“I’m not worried about Crowley. What I am worried about however, is if you’re going to change your mind on me eventually and leave. Then I’ll have a bounty on my head without your pretty ass.” Castiel couldn’t help but grin like a dork.
“You think you got what it takes?” Castiel shot back as he looked Dean’s face over with a smirk.
"Yeah" Dean answered after the second ring.
The rest of his shift he checked his phone but there were no notifications from Dean. Today was Castiel's short day so he clocked out at 3 and exited the diner.
“The way you looked at me during your sermon… I could tell you wanted nothing more than for me to run my hands up and down your untarnished body.”
“Thought I couldn’t handle you?” Castiel teased as he sucked on Dean’s lower lip bringing out a huffy laugh. “I should’ve asked ‘what that mouth do’ before I got cocky.” Dean was smiling like an idiot.
Precum dripped from the tip and Cas eagerly took Dean's dick into his mouth. This brought out a guttural moan from Dean as he could feel the wet hot mouth engulf him entirely. Cas couldn't stop sucking Dean's dick it was as if his life depended on it.
"I think his name is Dean he just started at Singer's Body Shop last week. He's been in here a couple times I'm surprised you're just now noticing." Charlie winked as she fished for her notepad in her apron.
“What in the bloody hell do you think you’re doing, Dean?” There stood a short man with a gruff voice and a British accent. This must be the King of Hell. “This is no way to treat your boss.”
“No.” Dean’s face lit up with delight.
"You just wait til we get back to your place." Dean slurred as he slapped Castiel's ass.
“What?” Cas could feel himself blushing.
“Don’t fight it, Father… We weren’t meant to live our lives like… this. You’re too fucking hot not to be touched… too hot not get what you fucking want. You know you want me, and you know I want you. Imagine the sounds you could bring out of me, the things you could compel me to do because you’re so sexy that all I’d want to do is please you.” Castiel realized he wasn’t breathing anymore and his eyes were glued to the gorgeous shadow before him.
"Now that's exactly what I've been missing my entire life."
"That was awesome." Dean turned to Castiel and grabbed his face into a kiss.
"Want a drink?" Cas offered as he headed toward the kitchen.
Dean bit his lip and pulled out of Cas quickly and pulled him down to the ground. “Lay on your back.” He demanded as if he wasn’t already physically forcing Castiel into this position. Without any hesitation he shoved his dick all the way back in causing both him them to moan.
“Spit in your hand, get it nice and wet.” Dean coached in a breathy sentence. Castiel followed the soft order and the sound of his mouth working up spit caused a moan to slip from Dean once his wet hand wrapped around the begging dick. “Yeah just like that.” The whimpers that came from Dean encouraged Cas to pick up the pace. Castiel couldn’t help but let out a soft moan from time to time as he watched the slightly larger man wriggle under his firm grip.
It was Saturday and they had been out at the bars all night and decided it was time to turn in. They stumbled down the sidewalk toward Castiel's house, stopping every few moments to kiss and grope each other.
"Look Dean, I feel I overstepped my bounds the other night and for that I just want to apologize. I was tipsy and it was just in the moment and if you just want to be friends that's fine with me." Castiel frowned. Why was this so hard?
"I'm fucking in, bitch." He gloated, his body buzzing.
“Last time I checked I was confessing my sins.” Castiel could hear the smile in the other man’s voice.
“For someone who has never rode dick you’re killin’ it.” Cas groaned shakily as he instinctively gripped Dean’s hips which brought a gasp from the man. This caused Dean to try a circular motion with his hips which created a stimulation for both that was mind blowing.
"Uh, maybe some other time." Dean smiled, turning to leave when he again felt the other man's hand on his arm.
"By the looks of this ticket he digs meat." Cas stuck his tongue out and they both giggled, catching the attention of the gorgeous man at the counter.
“What kind of man do you like?” Dean asked with serious intent as he smirked.
“Faggot.” Castiel smiled as he gripped Dean’s ass in his hands, pressing their lips together. Dean giggled and slightly pushed Castiel away from him. “I’m sorry were you in the same shower? You were the one begging me to fuck you in the ass, not the other way around.”
"No one's stopping you, angel." Dean bit his lip as Cas pulled their shirts off, leaving a trail of saliva down Dean's chest and stomach til he reached the waistband of his jeans. He stopped and slowly looked up at Dean with a darkness in his bright blue eyes.
"You better spare NO detail tomorrow at work!" Charlie yelled as he hung up the phone.
“You’ve done it to yourself… it’s not much different. Stroke me the way you stroke yourself when you think of me. Don’t lie and say you haven’t done it thinking of me. Lying is a sin.” The way he bit his lip in a cocky manner brought a rush of lust over Castiel. He ripped Dean’s shirt off then worked the button and zipper that was constricting Dean’s aching cock, hearing a hiss slip from Dean’s lips once he was fully exposed. Castiel froze as he stared at the other man’s thick member.
“You know, Father… no answer is an answer and I just want you to know that every time I think of you I can’t get my cock to go down without jerking it.”
“Get on your knees.” Dean ordered, his hands pushing down on Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel couldn’t stop grinning as he wrapped his hand around the base of Dean’s throbbing cock.
“Yes.”
"Great I probably scared him off" Cas huffed, making his way down the street.
Dean's eye widened. "You mean stick my fingers...?"
Dean grabbed at Castiel's hips as he fucked himself onto him from the bottom which brought sounds from Cas that hinted he was close.
“You’re just going to be stupid about it. I’m not watching gay porn with you.” Castiel chuckled and shook his head.
It was a typical Tuesday afternoon at the diner, the lunch rush finally started to die down which was why Charlie was standing at the food window chatting with Cas.
“Damn, you gonna dominate me?” Dean asked as he nipped as Castiel’s bottom lip.
Trying not to think of Dean was almost impossible, he needed to touch him. Cas turned the shower, the bathroom to fill with steam. He stripped down and stepped in allowing the water to wash over him as he let out a soft moan of relaxation.
Cas stood there with his mouth dropped in awe until he realized he was staring.
“How?”
Dean let out a gasp-like yelp as he could feel the hard suction Castiel was creating with his mouth.
“I just gave up my entire lifestyle for you I think it’s safe to say I’m not going anywhere… But it seems you and Crowley have a past and that you may be a little more dangerous than I anticipated just by what he said.” Castiel unconsciously ran his hand down Dean’s chest.
“Fuck.” He breathed. Castiel never swore but had thrown caution to the wind. The strokes were shaky and out of rhythm but he didn’t care.
“You just hit me with a fucking chair!” He yelped as he hit the ground.
Echoed his voice of reason.
"You can follow me in here if you still want my pie." Cas teased as the other man followed him.
“You may be the death of me, Dean. But as long as you’re fucking me and loving me I could die and be alright.” Castiel cooed before planting a long kiss on Dean’s lips that was more intimate than lustful like they had been the last several moments.
“Come on! I want to see what the appeal is in being with another man.” His tone was light but Castiel could still tell he was being serious.
Dean allowed himself to collapse against the door as Cas continued to ravage his body. He shouldn't want this, but he does and it's screaming in his head.
“I can’t be gentle anymore I need to fuck you into this mattress.” A moan was the only response Castiel could give. Dean now had Castiel’s wrists in each hand, using the grip as leverage for thrusting into him unapologetically. Neither seemed to care the loud slapping noises were filling the space of the room or that Castiel was about to shoot out of his abused dick once more. An impressed noise escaped Castiel as he could feel it building from inside.
"Well we can bake that pie if you'd like." Cas answered quickly.
He exited the sanctuary and Dean looked back at Metatron and smirked ever so devilishly and followed Castiel back to his room. Once Castiel was back in his room he pulled out the small suitcase from under his bed and began gathering his things and Dean helped.
“Frotting.” Castiel replied.
“Uhh. Yeah continue.” His eyes were like daggers as he tried his best not punch Dean. Dean put his finger to his lips in a ‘hushing’ motion as he stood there smirking.
Dean pulled away and quickly zipped his pants back up.
“Get the blade.” Cas demanded, his voice filled with aroused anger. Once Dean retrieved the blade Castiel glared at him with passion in his eyes. “Now cut me.” Dean didn’t waste any time he slid the blade with a bit less force across Castiel’s skin than Crowley had done him, just enough to draw blood and without restraint he went for the other man’s neck savagely. The hard sucking and scraping of Dean’s teeth across Castiel’s skin brought out a sound of what could only be described as a cry mixed with pleasure and pain. The sound of Castiel sounding weak for him filled Dean’s stomach with butterflies so he bit harder and Castiel clawed at his back and tugged at this hair.
“On the contrary. See, you are a Knight of Hell and I am the King of Hell… You see how that works? You’ve been out of control for way too long, Winchester. You need to be dealt with accordingly. How dare you let another man touch you, how dare you fall in love with another man. You really believe this mortal’s sexual abilities could even come close to the pleasure I’ve given you in the past? For fuck sake I sold my soul for three extra inches of dick.” With a wave of his hand he slammed Dean against the wall and he hit the ground with a loud thud.
At first Dean hadn't noticed the other man standing there but when he looked up, those blue eyes were piercing through him.
“Castiel.” “Hmmm… Cas…” Dean turned the name over in his mind, loving the way it sounded. Before Castiel could register what was happening, Dean was closing in on his personal space. Castiel looked up in response.
“What are you doing??” Castiel mouthed angrily. Dean dipped down hands on either side of Castiel’s chair as their noses almost touched and he leaned in and softly whispered against his ear.
Castiel sat there stunned. He thought this whole time if they were to ever be around each other again he would be friend zoned. Once Dean looked up, Cas slowly made his way toward him, the air beginning to thicken.
"I've been here for about a month... just kinda bounced from place to place for a while but my Uncle Bobby needed some help at his shop so I decided to move and help out." Dean looked away, clearly hiding something.
“You must resist the temptation and repent.” He slowly breathed out as Dean began rubbing firmly up against his dick and scowled at the expression on Dean’s face that was full of humor due to the hypocrisy.
“You don’t really want the answer to that do you?” Dean asked with hesitation. “Once I tell you I can’t un-tell you.”
It's not like he had never been sexually involved with someone but it had never been with a male and he felt like a virgin all over again.
“I have a little freak on my hands. Wait til I’m fucking through with you.” He began speaking between soft kisses against Castiel’s neck and ear. “I’m gonna be all you see… If you had nothing left in this life but me you’d beg for rock bottom.” Castiel softly shoved Dean up so they could make eye contact. For a moment Dean thought he had gone too far by the look the other man was giving him but he was quickly reassured when the other man quiet, yet assertively demanded…
“I am a Knight of Hell. I work for the King of Hell and one of his minions had a vision that you would ascend to your true calling as an Angel of the Lord. You would become one of the most powerful angels the world has ever seen. He couldn’t have that now could he? So he’s been observing you for quite some time and realized what desires you’ve suppressed and decided to prey upon them. In order to stop you he needed you to commit an act of sin that broke your vow to the priesthood and to God. Something you can never come back from.” Dean sighed, almost in relief. “But here’s the kicker… I’m half human which means that part of me still has the ability to feel empathy for others sometimes. Usually I can repress it but these last few weeks of watching you and thinking about touching you… I don’t know there’s something about you and I want to tell my boss to go fuck himself and just be with you. He’s a real bag of dicks.”
Cas hands him a beer then begins pulling out the ingredients to make pie.
“Oh yeah? Well then it’s a date, daddy.” The emphasis on the word ‘daddy’ made Castiel’s body shudder. He chose to ignore the nickname even though he really enjoyed it.
“You’re the one who looks like he’s had a few rounds in the ring, my friend. Look at this.” Dean gently wiped blood from Castiel’s brow and brushed his fingers against his lips taking in the flavor of the ex-priest’s blood. He gasped once he was able to revel in the taste.
“No.” He said firmed as he stood. He was about to remove himself from the situation until temptation took over. With his hand on the door knob he slowly turned his head to face Dean’s direction.
“Last Sunday I was further back in the crowd, I’ve been coming for a while, getting closer each time. I had to jerk off this morning in the shower because I couldn’t stop thinking about you. When I picture you I see your pleading dick at full mast begging to be touched.” Dean let out an aroused sigh. “Then I make my way over to you and grab your cock and stroke it slowly as I stare into those beautiful fucking eyes.” Castiel gasped as his dick rose up against his now tight pants.
He hurried in the shower, not even bothering to finish jerking off because if his evening goes as planned he won't need to. Dean will do it for him.
“I would have to say both, Father.” The man replied after a moment of contemplation.
"Uh... yeah." Dean breathed, his face feeling flushed.
“Oh my God.” Dean cried out as Castiel worked saliva up from the back of his throat, massaging the head with his tongue flattened, giving him long slow strokes all the way down to where Dean could feel himself in the back of Castiel’s throat, then back up to the sensitive tip. He grabbed the back of Castiel’s head after a few movements and began to fuck himself into the wet opening, groaning and cussing as Castiel’s mouth made filthy noises that only encouraged Dean to go harder. Gagging sounds came from Castiel as the head of Dean’s dick pounded the back of his throat, saliva draining from his mouth to the base.
"I'm not sure if he is, he said he wants some 'friends' but that doesn't mean shit." Cas kept glancing out the window to see if Dean had arrived, and he noticed headlights turning into his driveway.
"You got lube?" Dean asked rubbing his fingers through Castiel's dark hair.
“I’m just sorry, Castiel. No matter what please know that. Also, know that I’m yours if you ever want me. All you gotta do is call out to me and I’ll be there.” Before Castiel could respond he looked up and Dean had disappeared.
"What?? He's over there?!" Charlie exclaimed.
"I'll text him first how about that?" He offered Charlie, hoping it would be enough.
“You get no help from me, Winchester.” Castiel nudged Dean’s elbow with his and he felt the weight of the other man slightly press against his arm. Dean shot Castiel a triumphant smile as his phone connected to the large flat screen in the living room.
It's been two weeks since Castiel and Dean shared a moment of intimacy. Dean hadn't been by the diner or called Cas.
Castiel quickly threw some boxers on and stared at the number on this phone.
Cas giggled. "That's the idea."
“Just try to relax and breathe.” Dean said in a soothing voice. He did exactly what Dean said as he felt the small burning sensation as Dean pressed one finger into him. This brought a gasp from Castiel’s lips and he winced as Dean began working inside of him. “It’ll get better, you just have to relax.” Without warning another finger slipped into Castiel and his hips jerked up off the bed. Dean took his time scissoring his fingers around in Castiel’s ass until the man was a moaning mess beneath him.
“I’m not worthy of someone like you, but that doesn’t keep me from thinking about you fucking me as hard as you can, the sound of your balls slapping against me while you have a finger hooked in the side of my cheek. Telling me how much you hate me and yourself for wanting this.” Castiel glared ominously as he gripped Dean’s hard dick in his hand.
He suddenly stopped the harsh thrusts as he was sent over the edge. Cas could feel himself fill up with Dean's cum as Dean screamed his name and thrusted into him a few more times before falling breathless against Castiel's toned back.
“Trust me, Novak… neither do you.” Their lips met harshly with lazy movements and they forgot about the world outside of this room. Everything about it felt so right, there was no space for second guessing. Their profound bond is complete.
“Have you told your wife?”
“The way your hands grip the podium when you catch me staring… I couldn’t stop thinking how I wanted to be the reason your knuckles turned ghost white as I hid underneath and sucked you off while you gave your sermon.”
Dean.
They sat quietly for several moments as the video played. It started out cheesy as most do, but once Castiel actually listened to the dialogue he realized this was a ‘straight’ gay porn. Ironically, the one who had never been with a man in the video looked a whole lot like Dean. The guys began wrestling on the bed playfully after Porn-Cas took away Porn-Dean’s towel leaving him naked. Dean huffed a laughed through his nose at the silliness but the energy in the room shifted once the men on tv began to kiss. Castiel dare not look over at Dean. Why was he doing this to Castiel? Porn-Dean went down on Porn-Cas and Castiel made a point to keep his eyes glued to the screen to avoid Dean’s until he heard an aroused breath escape the man beside of him. Butterflies devoured his insides and his face felt like it was going up in flames. Since they were shoulder to shoulder on the couch, Cas could feel gentle movements from Dean. He almost thought it was his imagination but he finally gathered the courage and slowly turned his head to face Dean. He was met with those beautiful green eyes. Holy shit their faces were unbearably close. Cas then noticed out of his peripheral there was movement. Oh God. Dean was rubbing himself outside of his jeans. Fuck. Fuck!?!
“Mmmm… see? I knew you wanted it.” Dean moaned. Suddenly Castiel jumped up from his seat.
Cas watched Dean like he was his prey and Dean felt exposed and vulnerable. Usually he was the predator so this was unfamiliar territory and he wasn't sure how he should be feeling.
"Are you okay?" Dean asked, almost too aroused to feel concern.
"Got anymore tickets for me?" Cas asked, wiping his hands on his apron before approaching the window.
He slowly shoved himself into Castiel, slowly working his way in as not to hurt him. Once Cas was fully relaxed Dean began to pick up the pace.
“You telling me you want to be bottom?” Castiel arched his brow looking down at Dean with a dominate glare which brought a brash smirk to Dean’s lips.
He spent the evening washing up while others hurried out and the anticipation continued to build. He made his way down the quiet corridor that now seemed larger and emptier than ever. Once he entered the sanctuary, the door that Dean was waiting behind was boring a hole in him with its non-existent eyes.
“I’ve gotta say, Father this isn’t exactly where I thought this conversation was going to go…” The man sounded puzzled as he turned the words over in his mind.
He phoned Charlie once the house was picked up.
"I'm sorry, Cas, I gotta go." He huffed, exiting the house quickly.
Dean stood up and walked over next to Cas, slightly in his personal space staring down at the pie filling then back up at him.
Castiel perked up as he examined Dean, and Dean continued to speak.
“Stop, Crowley! This is between us!” Dean growled, slowly breaking the force holding him. Crowley was unaware the Knight was free and his eyes widened when he was grabbed from behind and jerked away from Castiel. He was turned to face Dean and met with those black eyes. Crowley pulled a blade from his sleeve and swiped the side of Dean’s neck deep enough for blood to slowly run down and pool into the crook of his collarbone.
This encouraged Cas to get them home quicker. Once they entered the dark home Dean slammed Cas up against the wall, his mouth violently clashing against Cas's. Dean pulled back and stared at him with lustful bloodshot eyes.
“And you just have this knowledge do you?” Castiel pushed back defensively.
"I don't think he's gay, but I think I've peaked his curiosity." Cas was basking in what seemed like a minor victory.
Dean slowed the rhythm back down so he wouldn’t cum and placed the head of Castiel’s dick about half way down his shaft and began squeezing firmly and slowly moving his hips up and down. The direct stimulation to Castiel’s head was building his orgasm and Dean could sense this by the way the other man’s body was jerking uncontrollably beneath his, and the way his breathing became heavier, yet less frequent as the orgasm took hold of Castiel. He wrapped his hand around the other side of their members, allowing Dean’s hand to set the rhythm as they laced their fingers together, moving up and down. Dean’s hips followed their hand movements. His hips wouldn’t stop bucking and Castiel was thrusting up into the motion as well, creating a perfect wave of pleasure for both. Castiel noticed Dean was staring at him as they fucked into each other’s hand and Dean bit back a moan. In that moment, Castiel began to cum. His brow furrowed and his mouth dropped, groans of pleasure escaping his full lips as Dean didn’t let up and continued to fuck his own dick against his. Castiel’s cum was warm and and created even more sensation for Dean and his orgasm followed. Even though Castiel had already came he still used his hand and thrust of his hips to guide Dean through his own orgasm, their cum mixing together making it almost impossible to keep hold of either member.
“Just let me look at you.” Dean smiled as he ran his left hand down the front of Castiel’s body while nuzzling his neck. Cas let out an involuntary moan as the other man’s breath sent chills down his spine. He could feel Dean’s bulge softly pressing against his hip.
Images of Dean flashed in his mind, walking across the street soaked in sweat and grease. Pulling him close and taking in the scent of motor oil and tasting the sweat on Dean's neck.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about…” Cas managed to sputter out trying to deflect.
“I’m gonna suck your dick.” Cas answered bluntly. Before Dean could protest, Castiel was off of him and working him out of his denim along with his boxers, dick at full mast. Castiel sat in awe for a moment then quickly dropped his head to take Dean into his mouth.
"Cas, pull your lip up, you're drooling." Charlie teased, but before he could say anything back, Dean had entered the lobby.
"Nope, time for a break." Charlie smiled, observing the chaotic kitchen that was finally winding down.
“You’re intolerable.” Castiel rolled his eyes half-heartedly.
Dean yanked Castiel’s bottoms off and tossed them across the room, Castiel’s dick swaying free.
The following Sunday service, Cas felt his nerves getting the best of him. He skimmed the crowd for the green eyed man but couldn’t locate him. Part of him was relieved, while the other part was disappointed. As much as he didn’t want to admit it, he longed for those pools of emerald to consume him. Once service was over Castiel moped over to his booth and waited for those who needed his assistance. After a few members of the church had come and gone Castiel was about to wrap up when he heard the other door abruptly open and close.
“Yeah but I like to think I handle you best. You bring out the best in me, Castiel. I thought that part of me was long gone and I definitely didn’t think going into this assignment that I’d fall in love. I didn’t think I could ever. I’ll protect you as long as I breathe. I will slit Crowley’s throat if he comes anywhere near you. I’m so sick of his shit and I have been for quite some time.” Castiel looked at the cut Crowley had made with his blade on Dean’s neck and touched it gingerly. Dean winced slightly at first then leaned into the touch.
Dean was groaning shamelessly as he thrust into Castiel, smiling at the pain he caused him, knowing how much Castiel loved it.
Dean let out a breathy moan before locking lips with Cas. Things began heating up between them, a chemistry they couldn't deny.
Dean smirked and pulled Castiel to his chest, planted a deep kiss onto his mouth.
"Doesn't that seem desperate? I mean he was super freaked out and I haven't seen or heard from him since so I kind of get the vibe he doesn't want to see me." Castiel stated, taking the ticket from Charlie to prepare the order.
"Going on five years, moved here for a fresh start and it turned out better than I thought it would." Cas smiled as he thought about his friendship with Charlie and how his job was something he actually enjoyed. "What about you?"
“What if I don’t wanna be yours.” Castiel had a insubordinate smirk on his face as he tried to control the twitching Dean’s touches were causing. Dean matched it and pulled out of the slightly smaller man, leaning down so their noses were touching. “I didn’t say you had a choice, brat.” He licked Castiel’s full pink lips and this brought a groan from Castiel.
“What??!” Dean exclaimed as he used his wet hands to help wash away the blood. Castiel gave him a look that said I know you heard me, and he stepped forward.
“Ask him how good she fucks him.” Dean whispered softly into Castiel’s ear as the other man continued his story of wrongful lust. Castiel shot him a look that could spit daggers. Dean smirked.
"I want to feel your dick in me now!" Dean pouted as he watched Castiel lube up his index finger. Cas giggled. "I've got to loosen you up before I just jam myself into you, I want you to enjoy this." Castiel said softly as he teased at Dean's entrance with his lubed finger. A gasp escaped Dean's mouth as he felt Castiel's finger gently wiggle against his prostate.
"Dean. Let me blow you." Cas whispered, lightly tracing is tongue over Dean's full lips.
Cas slowly leaned over the counter getting rather close to Dean's face.
"You don't have to leave. You're more than welcome to stay, this can be our little secret. No one has to know. Just let me fuck you, Dean. I can't stop thinking about you." Cas moaned into Dean's ear as he began caressing his body. Dean let out a growl from the back of his throat.
“You can’t stop calling to me and right now you’re screaming for me… what could this man be confessing that has your mind so full of carnage?” His tone was so soft that Castiel could barely hear him so he knew the man on the other side of the wall couldn’t hear him. Dean fell silent so he could listen to what the man was saying.
"Fuck." Cas hissed at the sensation of being opened up. This caused a quiet moan to slip from Dean's lips as he began to work another finger in.
"Do you want to try some of it before we bake?" Cas offered, his body screaming for Dean to touch him.
"Well, by all means come in." Cas smiled as they entered the home.
*Saucy ;)*
Dean softly gripped Castiel’s neck in a choking manner, leveling their eyes.
"Dean." He stated as he looked down at the paper, back up at Cas then turned and headed out the door.
“Everything you beg me not to do but ache for inside.” Dean whispered, yanking Castiel off the floor and under the running showerhead. Their lips crashed together once more then Castiel pulled away and stared at Dean in a lustful haze.
“It’s never too late to confess, my child, God is all forgiving.” Castiel spout in routine. But once this man began to speak and could be seen through the texturized glass, he realized it was the green eyed man sitting in the second row during his sermon. His entire body froze and Castiel was thankful no one could see him.
Moaning under his breath he could feel he was getting close. "Fuck," the groan was almost a whisper as he was feeling the pressure build at the base of his spine. This moment of pleasure was interrupted by the extremely loud ringtone on his phone which startled him.
“I’ve never heard you complain once, darling. You’ve betrayed me but I’m not going to kill you today. No, no… I’m going to wait you out, and I’m going to fuck your pretty boy in front of you over and over until his ass falls out and then I’m going to have myself a real good day and finally get rid of your pretty fucking ass because”
Cas hasn't heard from Dean since he ran out on him the other night but has a lovely surprise waiting for him once he arrives home.
"Fuck me." Dean moaned as he licked at Castiel's lips.
“Through all of this I’ve yet to learn your name.” Castiel forced himself not to look away from those intoxicating eyes. Quickly the other man gained his composure and put on a sexy smirk.
"Oh my god." Dean gasped, grabbing onto to Castiel's hip possessively. Cas couldn't control the moans leaving him, he had never been fucked this good. He couldn't help but cry out in pure pleasure as Dean thrust into him hard but slow. Cas could feel Dean rolling his hips into him, hitting that sweet spot every time. It only took a few more thrusts into Cas to cause him to lose himself completely in ecstasy.
Castiel rose up and hovered over Dean, looking into his eyes. "Now it's your turn." He breathed, slowly running his hand down Dean's torso and gripped his dick firmly. He went to pull out of Dean but Dean stopped him. "No. Stay while you finish me." Dean bit his lip as he watched Cas pump him rhythmically. Even though Castiel had came he was still completely hard and feeling Dean move against him while he jerked him sent heat to his stomach. He spit on Dean's dick, never breaking eye contact, lubing it perfectly enough to get him to cum. The sensation of Castiel inside him while he stroked him aggressively was something Dean could've never imagined was heaven. He clawed at Cas's forearms trying to steady himself.
“Fuck me.” Castiel demanded as he shoved Dean far enough away that he could regain enough composure to get the words out.
Dean's hands touched almost every inch of Castiel as he slammed him up against the counter, bringing a moan from both of them. That was when Dean pulled Cas up onto the counter and positioned himself between the other man's legs, groping at his hips and thighs.
“That’s right, Father, fuck me good, the way he fucks her.” Dean whispered as he rolled his hips on the other man’s dick, bringing heavy breaths from both of them. He gripped each side of the door frame for leverage and he began slowly bouncing up and down in long aggressive thrusts. This had Castiel coming apart beneath him, doing everything in his power not to scream Dean’s name. How the man on the other side of the wall didn’t hear them or the old wooden booth creaking is something Castiel couldn’t figure out because the story just seemed to continue.
Cas stood there, his face full of thought.
Cas gave Dean his address and he had thirty minutes to get his place in order and to prepare himself.
Dean sat in silence for a moment, seeming as if he was turning over in his mind just how much he wanted to share with Cas.
“Thank you for the commentary, Crowley.” Dean retorted as he grabbed the blade laying on the ground and held it up to Crowley’s short neck.
Dean used his weight against Castiel and dropped them both on the bed. After several moments of kissing, Dean pulled away to stare into those ocean blue eyes.
He tried not to look over at Singer's but he needed a glimpse of Dean. Unfortunately he was nowhere to be found.
“I just came to get my notebook man, I’m busy and I don’t really have time for this.” Castiel sighed as he knew what bullshit was about to follow. Gordon started to laugh. “Oh you don’t have time for this?” He echoed as he shoved Castiel’s head down on a desk, grabbing the nearest pail of pant and drenching Castiel in bright green paint. Struggling trying to get free he was abruptly hit on the back of the head with the now empty can and was released from Gordon’s tight grip.
“How do you feel when you’re engaging in these acts with her? Do they make you feel complete or just momentary bliss, just waitinig for the next fix?” Castiel asked doing his best to mask his arousal.
"Fuck me." Castiel whimpered as Dean held his wrists tightly above his head. A smirk formed upon Dean's mouth just before he started pressing his hard dick against Castiel's.  This brought a groan from Cas that shot chills up Dean's spine.
A shiver fell over the priest as he saw the man’s eyes flash red. With another wave of his hand he slammed Cas against the wardrobe behind him. Dean went to aid Castiel but before he had the chance he was pinned against the wall by Crowley’s power. Castiel’s eyes widened as the man grabbed him violently and began pounding his face with his fist. Castiel tried to defend himself but Crowley was too fast and strong. Blood dripped to the floor from his face and he crouched down knowing there was no way he could protect himself against an immortal being.
"Fuck, get it together, Cas." He muttered to himself as he made his way to the bathroom.
“Do you think he’s really going to be a problem?” Castiel asked with concern as he held his suitcase next to his side.
He tried several times to put his focus elsewhere but his dick still stood proudly. After much contemplation and hesitation his hand slowly made its way to his leaking cock. The thrill in his stomach shot to his throat making it difficult to regulate his breathing. It had been so long since he had touched himself this way. He’d been a priest for the last two years and if he recalled correctly that was around the last time he gave into desires of the flesh. It never really crossed his mind just how long it had been until he began stroking himself.
“Perks of having powers… I’m already ready for you.” Too bad Dean was hiding the fact he was a demon during their first encounter, that could’ve come in handy for Cas but they both smiled as he turned his back to Castiel and sat down on his dick slowly as the tight hole enveloped the other man.
“I mean is it going to be weird now? Was this a drunken mistake that you’ll regret and I’ll come home to a note that you’ve moved your shit out?” Castiel wasn’t trying to sound as concerned as he felt, but let’s face it, he was getting nervous.
“Frotting, fucking, sucking, whatever man, I’m yours.” Dean moaned.
"No need to be. I'll guide you through it." Cas kissed Dean's jawline. "You'll have to prep me first."
“You’re still bleeding a little bit.” Cas said, concern all over his face.
“Goddamnit.” He muttered as he heard Gordon exit the room. “Pussy.” He heard him say in the hall as his footsteps became more distant. Castiel could feel the anger and tears well up.
“Well it certainly made it easier to open the door that way but I’ve been debating on this for months while sober. I just fucking want you, Cas. You’re sexy as fuck and whatever we just did… I’m gonna need more of that in my life.” He softly brushed a thumb over Castiel’s nipple as he spoke.
“What about lube?” Dean asked him breathlessly. “Use your spit.” Castiel said with a dark and sexual look on his face.
“No and I feel terrible but I can’t stop.” The man sighed.
“Well what if I said we should do this every week?” Castiel’s tone treading lightly.
“I’m going to take this man off your hands, no need to have a meeting with the board or the Vatican or whoever the fuck you call on when this sort of thing happens. I’m going to take him and show him the world and fuck him in every church I possibly can.” His hand began to wander down the front of the pope, asserting dominance. “And not one goddamn thing will be done about it. You think you have power? You have nothing. He is mine.” Dean stopped right at the man’s navel and pulled his hand away then looked the man up and down and scoffed. “Didn’t do much to try and stop my touch there, Father, I’d say you liked it.” The man glared at him then shifted his eyes over to Castiel who stood there trying to hide a smile.
“Why are you doing this to me?” Castiel whined as he tried to push all carnal thoughts from his mind. Dean’s silence was full of contemplation, Cas could tell he was trying to form the right words.
“Get out of this church, Castiel. You’re through. Get your things now, I don’t ever want to see your face again.” Metatron’s voice was shaking, full of rage and disgust. A grin formed against the edge of Castiel’s mouth and he shook his head in agreement as he aggressively ripped his clergy collar from his neck and held it out slowly, dropping it to the ground without breaking eye contact with Metatron. “Fuck you, Metatron, I have never liked you and I’ve always wanted you to know that. So I’m out, and wish I could say it was nice knowing you. Come on, Dean.”
“Yes, my child I’m sorry. You were saying?” His tone queue for the story to continue.
“Done is job, for hell’s sake!”
“My apologies.”
He doesn’t know why his heart leaps in his chest, but he drives toward home faster than he was supposed to. He didn’t know why he thought he wouldn’t see Castiel anymore – he had a day job, and certainly didn’t know why he was so happy to realize that he could still see him again. Castiel was not a friend. He was barely a person he knew.
He rolls his eyes
"He lives in 6H" Dean insist, not knowing why. Every fiber of his body was telling him to just walk away.
Charlie scolds him, saying the same exacts words his brother had said, when he'd called Dean that morning to check up on him an hour after taking him home from the hospital, just to discover that Dean had gone to work half an hour after Sam had left him to the apartment.
He tries to convince himself, turning on his side and pulling his knees to his chest, the foetal position somehow alleviating the pain in his side.
Then black again.
Castiel lets Dean shove him against the wall, feeling the hit reverberate inside his ribcage but doing nothing to stop the man in front of him from pushing him harder, the arm against his chest sliding up and pressing down on his neck, and for a moment he remembers that now he needs to breathe, he needs air. Still he goes limp, doesn’t move, doesn’t fight back. He just stares at those angry green eyes, inches from his own, forcing his harms to lie at his sides, until Dean slowly pulls back, and he lets himself gasps, but quietly, almost secretly, because he knows he doesn’t deserve it.
“Don’t turn, I didn’t punch you back to life only for you to choke on your vomit”.
Sam’s hair are all over the place, a big yawn almost splitting his face, and Cas immediately feels bad for waking him up. Before he can say anything, Sam’s eyes fall on the cassette he’s still holding, and a sad smile stretches his lips
"Then what?"
He felt betrayed and he didn’t even know why.
Dean ignores the kid’s pleas, turning to Castiel, who’s clutching his chest right under his heart, eyes barely open
The man squints his eyes and Dean wonders since when he’s so bad at talking. He clears his throat and tries again.
"I know Charlie"
“I mean… Is everything ok? With life and…”
"Damn it Cas I thought you were over sneaking up on me!" he barks, his heart pounding in his chest, mentally cursing his ears that he knew were turning red.
“You don’t have to stay”
"I'm fine..." Castiel replies, then immediately sways sideways, sliding down the wall and sitting down on the floor. This time Dean shouts his name, not caring about the weird looks, quickly kneeling beside him
"Be careful" he hushes her, pointing one finger at her mouth, and Charlie snaps her lips shut, only to open them after barely two seconds and a half
Castiel squints his eyes, furrowing his eyebrows, then his face smooths again, the smirk Dean knew well blossoming on his lips
"You sent me 5 messages and I counted only three missed calls"
"You should pay attention to what he's doing, he's incredibly skilled at this" the angel says after a while, and Dean dares to look up for a second. Joyce's eyes were glommed on his hands, and she blushes when Dean speaks
He looks around. The chick was gone. Second strike. The kid was still there, frozen.
"Cas you have to help me here, ok? What hurts?"
She points at his hair, and Dean groans, scratching his head
Dean’s bottom lip trembles, his voice shakes on that simple three letters word, and Castiel’s chest tightens.
“I’m going to do… A thing. We haven’t had the time to do a lot of things lately, busy finding a way to get you back…”
Doctor Novak speaks while looking directly into Dean’s eyes, and suddenly he wishes the ground would open underneath his chair and swallow him whole. He feels blood flush  his face, the room uncomfortably warm, but Doctor Novak doesn’t seem to notice, continuing, his eyes bouncing in between them
Castiel shrugs, passing him to get to the elevator.
“I’m fine” he replies, maybe a little too quickly, trying to pick up the box again. Dean steps forward
He nods automatically, recognizing even over the buzzing in his ears the voice of his next client, finally succeeding at sitting straight but still seeing red dots dance in front of his eyes. He blinks hard, knowing better than to let the black pooling at the brink of his vision take over. Fainting in front of strangers had never ended well from him. Sometimes robbed, sometimes injured. One time without his clothes, curled up in a dark alley.
"Being tired helps" the angel replies, trying hard to concentrate on Dean's words, his mind painfully aware of Dean's closeness. Dean fingers running slow through his hair were relaxing him, but his warm hand lightly pressed on his back was giving him butterflies.
In the same exact moment Dean's eyes went wide, Sam's head whipped in Castiel's direction, and John face was drained of every colour. The nurse didn't seem to notice the change in them, continuing her explanation
"Come" he insists, stepping toward his truck, not without hearing someone whisper
. He actually knew that song, he’d heard it on the radio during one of the long car rides Dean often insisted they went on, to let Baby stretch its legs – as Dean liked to put it. Cas had immediately started to follow along the beat, moving his head ever so slightly, but Dean had noticed, asking him if he liked it, turning the volume up a notch when he’d nodded.
"No, we are just neighbours" he assures
“No… No you’re not real. This isn’t real, make it stop!”
“You can keep it” he says, patting his shoulder once before closing the door, and Cas walks back to his room, a little slower this time. When he lies on the bed, head and shoulders propped on two pillows, his hands are shaking. He knows because it takes him two tries to slip the headset on, his body tense like a violin chord.
“Dean?” Charlie’s voice snap him out of his head, and he throws at her the grocery bag to distract her
"Isn't it obvious?"
"That is not something that concerns you. Tomorrow you, me and Lora will go back to the city to get the antibiotics" he orders, walking to the door and getting out before the other could answer. He needed air.
The man looks back at him, tilting his head slightly to the left, his long eyelashes fluttering in a confused motion, and Dean tries really hard to ignore the fact that his first thought at that sight was ‘he looks kind of cute doing that’. Squirming imperceptibly he elaborates
“Did something happen?” he finally asks, raising an eyebrow, regretting it when Castiel finally stares back at him, ice in his eyes.
Dean watches Sam frown, deep lines crossing his forehead. Then he casts his eyes on the ground, and Dean can swear he’s grinning at the floor, but when he looks back up his face is serious, lips thin. He scratches his head and finally talks
"Yeah and I'm gonna check on you, so you better take this seriously" Dean warns her, his voice way too soft for being of any threat "now go"
“Yes of course I’m resting”
The man points to one of the island freezers
He cringes internally, he’d been going out with Joanne for six months and still didn’t use those. He can see the man’s mouth form the first word, see in the corner of his eye doctor Novak glance at them. Dean relaxes is shoulders.
Cas eyes slowly flutter open
Castiel blinks. He checks that he has in fact sent the previous message then he reads Imapala69’s words again.
“Green eyes, your concern is cute, but I could get attached, so I suggest you stop worrying about me”
Dean nods, feeling slightly less railed up now that Castiel had told him what he was feeling. Taking care of others was his specialty, since he was four. He opens the paper bag and places it in Castiel’s hands, that were abandoned in his lap, opening the bottle of water and offering it to him
Cas grits his teeth.
“Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you!”
wash over him.
“What do you have to say for yourself?”
"Finally, you're here!"
“I’m kidding. But to answer your question yes, I still perform my services but since I got kicked out from my patron I gotta find clients the old way… so if you know anyone, don’t hesitate to recommend me” Castiel winks and walks away, leaving Dean red faced, confused and slightly aroused.
When he wakes up again he’s lying on his side. The lamp was still lit, he could see the warm golden light through his eyelids. His whole body ached, a painful, constant throb in his head was making it nearly impossible for him to think, and his throat burned like he’d swallowed the sun. He goes to turn on his back when a hand is suddenly on his shoulder, preventing him from moving, and his eyes shoot open, the feeling of skin against skin making him realize that beside his boxer he was naked. His clothes were gone, the duvet pulled up to his hips, but he didn’t remember undressing himself. He tries to turn again, to face whoever was keeping him still, freezing when behind him quietly thundered Dean’s voice.
"That helps" he admits
"Listen I don't know what kind of relationship you have or had with him..."
"He's not there..."
"Wha-" Dean gargles, avoiding the blue stare. He could feel his eyes begin to water and he was not going to cry, not if he could do something about it. But like a magnet his eyes were drawn back to Cas' who was still smiling, and his heart thumped a little harder in his chest
"Sure..."
"Keep your arms up a little" he instructs, rolling it around his waist so that he could keep the wound clean. After that he grabbed other two bandages, throwing the smaller and shorter one to Joyce, who grabs it tightly after bouncing it a couple of times
He sees Dean bite his lip, and as much as he wanted to believe that there was a tint of guilt painted on his once friend face the loss of his grace was something that still hurt his pride and he got enough crap from Dean's platoon, or at the least the ones who still remembered he was an angel, that hearing the man he cared about most remind him about it felt like being stabbed.
He gets out of the cars.
"My mum died when I was born. My dad... he turned. Last year"
They go on a mission, something goes wrong, and they end back inside Cas’s barrack. Dean gets angry, Cas apologizes, Dean storms out and the next day they are doing everything all over again.
“So, how far?”
"So... you're not alone. Are there more people that can join our party?"
Dean was not sure what unsettled him the most. The fact that he was only wearing black slacks and two huge synthetic black wings strapped around his bare chest with a harness, his deep - way too deep to be human - blue eyes, or his voice, low, gravelly. His body was fit, not very muscly, but his tanned abdomen was flat and smooth, his hips jut out, and his chest looked firm against the black laces. Dean realizes he's making eye contact with his nipples and imperceptibly shakes his head.
"Cas please tell me what's wrong. Is it your wing? Did I make it worse?" Dean sounded so worried it made his heart ache.
"Come, you can ride with me" he offers, not too surprised when she jumped out of her skin, turning around so fast her ponytail hit her in her eye
Panic settles in Dean chest before he realizes he has nothing to panic about. He was not the one holding the drug. But the woman didn't seem to care about the pungent smell or the huge wings. She clicked her stilettos to a halt right in front of him, eyeing him with a raised eyebrow.
“Actually, I fell on him. He was saving me from a car that was about to run me over and I stumbled”
“Thank you for the ride” Cas quickly announces, and before Dean can say anything, he’s out, walking in the small alley between the store and the building beside it.
"Cas!"
"We never slept in the same bed..." he replies, and Dean chuckles, giving him butterflies
“I am… Castiel’s friend” he finally says, not really wanting to mention his name, but the man doesn’t hesitate
Castiel blinks, frustration dying in his chest. He did not have an answer to that, a part of ‘he sucked at human interaction’. He clicks on the little red X, closing the chat – at least online it was easier to walk away from an embarrassing moment, but almost immediately Impala69 is blinking again. He opens the message
Castiel is behind the checkout point, serving an old man, but his eyes shortly raise up when the door opens, a weird expression travelling on his face quickly – surprise, annoyance, maybe anger, so Dean tries his best to act normal, walking to the back of the store to grab chips. He picks up two bags without really bothering to check the brand or flavour, walking to the check out right when the old man was walking away.
Castiel worked at a convenience store, that pay could not be enough for him to live next to Dean, he was head manager and still struggled with his bills.
Dean frowns, looks at Cas, who’s staring down at his folded hands, then back at the doctor, who shrugs
I like you... Castiel dares to think, feeling his mind drifting. He was tired, even more so now that he was laying down.
"No" Cas stops him, already knowing what he wanted to say
"Listen very carefully green eyes" the man growls, evoking a weak and undignified whimper from Dean's throat, "as much as I enjoy our little waltzes in the hallway no, it is not your place. So go your merry way, and I will do the same"
The lights don’t flicker.
He hears the angel walk to the table, sitting a plastic bag on the surface and standing next to him, looking down
Sam looks up, unsticking his nose from one of the library books.
That's why he was smiling, Thursday morning, walking into the elevator at eight twenty. He presses the button for the underground parking lot, dusting away from his blue blazer a small black feather that had come to rest on his left shoulder. He looks at it fly to the ground, his smile slowly dying on his lips and a confused expression growing in between his eyebrows but before he could think about a possible explanation a raspy, high pitched voice calls his attention
"Did you... Did you mean it what you said before?"
Dean rolls his eyes,
"I know, I'm sorry" Dean mumbles at Cas hiss.
"Thank you Castiel, again, really, for helping my brother" Sam replies sincere, and Castiel relaxes his shoulder a little, as big as he was Sam was not a threat
"No... you like pie. You once told me there's a difference"
“Why aren’t you checking him?”
Castiel knew he didn't stand a chance, but he wasn't going down without a fight. After all he just needed some time.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to ignore Richard voice. He was the only one left in the room, Dean had dismissed the others. The other man continued
“Hey there, whatcha ya doing? I’m done but there’s probably more left…” Dean says, downing the hot black liquid in one big painful gulp, and Cas is pretty sure it hurts since his eyes shut for a couple of seconds and when he opens them again, they are moist.
"I took your spare key, I'll give it back next time"
"You screamed my name" Dean insists, his hand now playing with his hair.
"You're here because you're in pain, not for fun! You can barely stand!"
Dean stares down at the very pregnant lady Cas had given his seat to. She smiles reassuringly at him
"Cas?"
Wednesday Dean felt better, his day at work went along smoothly and without accidents. That's why walking outside the elevator at half past six pm he felt rather confident, he'd even managed to cut his hair. He made it, he had control on his life again. He was wrong.
Castiel sheepishly looked at Dean. He felt tired, drained, his eyelids weighed a ton, and he was glad to see the man walk toward the door, even though it felt wrong to just leave things like that. Maybe in the morning he should try to fix the situation.
But he does take an extra lap on his run, his adrenaline seemed to have no intention of slowing down, pumping into his ears, the image of those blue eyes imprinted in his cornea, the joint strong smell still tickling his nose. Once back he steps out of the elevator cautiously. The hallway is empty, the smell has disappeared. He trots to his door, quickly glancing back at 6H, shaking his head. Nothing good was going to come from that apartment. It was better if he just pretended that encounter never happened. He slides in his home, making a mental note to never talk to his neighbors again.
"Cas, Cas c'mon it's cool"
"We will keep him under observation for tonight, and we will run a few tests. You can stay for now but only one person can stay for the night; he needs to rest".
"Uhm yeah, I need help"
He was panicking, so he reacted like he always did when his feelings threatened to spill. He got angry.
"Where is he? It's late"
“I’ll take it”
What he never told him or Sam was that one of the ghost had shown him where they were buried. Her name was Marie. Apparently her lover was the raging spirit, bound to earth because of the anger and pain. She was there just because she couldn't bear to cross over without the woman she loved.
“Dean!”
"My family?" he whispers, and almost as he'd summoned him, he hears his brother deep voice booming somewhere behind the curtains.
"Look, we have another friend"
It's stupid, and utterly ineffective, but for some reasons Dean feels tears swell up in his. He wonders if something was really wrong with him. Why was his throat closing up and why did his chest feel so heavy? He decides that a change of subjects is long overdue and looks away, trying to find something else to talk about, his eyes landing on the big yellowish, still partly wet, stain on the man blue vest, right on the name of the company. Dean recognises it, it was from a convenience store near his apartment, maybe a ten-minute walk, he drove past it every day to get home. He clears his throat before speaking, making sure his voice didn't break mid-sentence
"Got it"
"Too bad" she states, unceremoniously pushing blue eyes back inside, closing the door behind her.
He shakes his head, blushing hard when Castiel eyes are drawn by his action, but glad that them man seemed deep in is thoughts and moved to look away almost immediately, giving him the chance to peer at him. His face was still pale, dark shadows hovered in his eyes, his strong jaw looking even sharper from how clenched it was. Dean understood why the man seemed so tense only when they both walked out of the elevator.
"It's fine. Nobody got hurt, just go-"
Landing with a loud thud on the roof of the truck, he clearly hears the sickening sound of his right wing popping out of place. He hears himself scream, tears filling his eyes, his left wing, that was not crushed under him, flapping and jerking. They slide down and it takes him different minutes to blink away the darkness that was pooling at the brink of his vision. He tries to push the raging pain he felt in his wing aside, but as he did the pulsating sensation in his right wrist and the sting in his right side roared angrily their presence, what was left of his grace shrinking inside of him now that the threat was gone. He felt like dying, and part of him wanted to, to make it all stop. But the weight and warmth against his chest forces him back to reality. Joyce was holding him painfully tight, her arms around his torso and her face buried in his chest. He could feel his shirt getting wetter by the second, so he raises his good arm patting her back, trying to calm her sobs.
“I was not! I just wanted to know about you”
Until he'd arrived to the convent. To John he'd just reported that he found the bones easily and burned them.
"I just said that so they'd let me stay here with him, they don't allow strangers pass a certain point!" he quickly explains, glad to see John eyes back on him, "also I did not know his name. I'm new in the building, I live in the apartment next to his" he finishes.
He hears shuffling from inside, a muffled curse. He knocks again.
He feels Castiel’s eyes on him again, but he doesn’t dare to look. Finally, the man explains
"Cas..."
"Thank you, for helping him" Sam voice echoed in the silence between them and Castiel finally turns. The long haired giant next to him was smiling and Castiel curved lips softened a little
Castiel can feel Dean’s eyebrow knot against his back
“I know right?”.
"Would you mind?"
The man squints his eyes and still doesn’t move. Castiel sighs even more profoundly
But Castiel eyes narrow at his words, almost as he doubted them, and Dean swallows
Thursday, he tries to get back on track. He gets out of the house on time, at work he does his best without letting his brain wonder, in the evening he remembers that he’s supposed to work out at home, so he does, push ups, abs, planks. The whole set. In the evening he treats himself to a Cesar salad and at ten he’s asleep, or better he’s lying in his bed, a deaf throb in his muscles due to the work out, and his mind on full alert. His side was still hurting, the fact that Cas believed he was just looking for the best price for sex made his stomach turn.
John Smith voice is sharp, unimpressed, but before any of them could talk a nurse walked on the trio, smiling brightly, obviously oblivious to the sudden rigid atmosphere
“You’re still here?” Castiel asks instead and Dean lowers his eyes, scratching the back of his neck
“Yes I am, Cas I’m real” the hunter voice is strong again, but Castiel can’t, he can’t make himself believe those words are real, if he does and then Dean laughs at him like thousands of times before then he won’t be able to stay sane.
"I mean it".
"What... what will they do to me?"
"More or less. Speaking of the hospital, how do you feel?"
They wait for the signal, and when the shooting and the screaming starts Castiel and the two guys that got assigned to him move. He knew they weren't too happy to be led by him but he didn't care. His mind was completely focused on the mission, his brain sharp, working faster than it had in a long time.
It's warm and humid and for some reasons Dean smells honey. He tries to move away but Castiel hands plant themselves on the roof behind him on each side of his head, trapping him.
“Well, hello green eyes, what brings you in this hell hole again?”
“Shurley”
"I'll let you shop in peace"
“Two missed appointments, two strikes. I would be mad but at least I got to spend that time staring at your beautiful face, so…”
"I'm Sam, his brother, what happened?"
Three grey dots pulse on the white part of the chat that had opened at the bottom of the screen then
"Please I have to talk to you!"
"I was busy, why are you eating cake?"
Dean wasn't fine. Once his father had gone home and his brother had gone on a coffee hunt a doctor had approached his bed, informing him that he had a stomach ulcer and if he wasn't careful, he would've needed surgery. Dean had not told that Sam, there was no need to worry him.
"It's cool... I... I'll just wait until they take you in. Shouldn't take long".
Four hours later Cas is not so sure. Sitting in the Impala, the windows rolled up to avoid the rain pouring in, he can hear the steering wheel squeak every time Dean’s grip tightens. It’s hot and stuffy, even with the clothes he’s chosen, a simple black t-shirt , Cas can feel little tears of sweat running down his spine, but he knows that most of it is because he’s nervous, the cassette tape burning a hole in his front jeans’ pocket. Dean’s forehead is damp, lucid, and little drops are decorating his hairline, and he looks two seconds away from jumping out of the moving car.
“Uhm- oh… I’m... here with…”
"Ok Cas..." Dean says, gently clasping his shoulders to get his attention "I'll go get what we need to make you all better, I'll be back in no time".
"I'm fine... keep going" he replies, trying to sound reassuring but failing to convince even himself. The cut on his side was bleeding, not copiously but steadily enough to make him feel lightheaded. His right wrist was throbbing, and he could not hold the blade properly. Now that he thought about it, they were far enough that he wouldn't need it anymore. He tries to make it disappear, without any results. Rolling his eyes, he throws it under his seat. His head was pounding painfully, so much that his vision was affected, but worst of all was the pain he felt in his wing. Somehow, he had managed to retrieve them in his vessel, but that made the pain even more unbearable. It was a steady, throbbing, burning sensation, like every nerve in his body had been set on fire. He did not know for how long he was going to be able to keep them hidden, and the only thing he wanted in that moment was to lock himself up in his barrack and pass out.
“Done” Dean says, putting away his phone “I texted Sam, he’ll be here with a tow track in no time”
"Five... that's a new record" he comments, crossing his arms in front of his chest and Cas smile wavers, the judgmental tone of the other man so subtle he didn't know if Dean even realized how condescending he sounded. He narrowed his eyes, forcing his lips to keep the upward curve.
“I do and….”
"Cas?" Dean’s voice sounded far
Castiel raises a warning look and Fergus's eyes fall back on him
"We have no time, so quit bickering and listen. This is the plan. You two will guide your groups here" he points on the map "Richard, your group will grab the croatoan's attention. You told me that in that zone there are no demons so it won't be too hard for you and your team to hold them off for the time that Cas’s team will need to infiltrate the hospital building and take what we need. Then both groups will meet here and come back together"
Cas hears Dean walk to the bed, and instinctively he presses his eyelids down.
Dean didn't even finish thinking that maybe he'd been called in, all it takes is a briefly scan of the room to locate Castiel, leaning heavily on the wall. His eyes are closed but they snap open the moment Dean is next to him
He sounds drained, and Cas has to dig his nails into the palms of his hands to stop the urge to hug him. Instead, he softens his voice
"... but I think you need to cut him off."
Dean’s stomach drops a little lower and suddenly he doesn’t want to eat anymore
"I mean..."
“Because they are so pretty, I can’t stop thinking about them”.
"Are you Castiel?" she asks, pulling a leather whip out of her black purse, and he involuntarely steps back, the blood that had travelled south completely draining up and suddenly his shorts were not as constrictive as before.
The radio seemed to pick on just really old channels,but Dean didn’t really mind. It was nice to have some background noise when they worked.
Dean licks his lips.
Castiel fidgets around, pushing different keys before getting the combination right. The eyes of his avatar suddenly glow and at the same time a blue wave of light appears around Impala69’s avatar, and his life bar goes from 34 to 100, while his own goes back to 40.
"What about your parents? What do they say?"
"Sure".
Dean dares a quick glance to his right. Castiel had slowly slouched forward, his breath becoming shallow and slow as time passed, and Dean remembers that he’s hurt. Even with the medication the pain was probably still there, but he wasn’t complaining, only faintly fisting the hand that was abandoned on his lap once in a while. The silence was getting too loud for his ears, only interrupted by the occasional scraping of the forks. Someone needed to speak.
"Dean..."
an English accent purrs.
And that was probably why he’d made that tape in the first place. Because he was good and wanted to share good music with Cas. It wasn’t the man’s fault that Cas had already been in love with him. Maybe he should leave, Sam would certainly help him find a place to stay, maybe one of their hunters friends could let him crash with them.
"Maybe next week we'll do yours!" Sam continued, finally turning around and leaning back on the counter, yawning and Dean couldn't help but smile. Sam still scratched his eye with his fist every time he yawned, just like when he was 6 and so tired he would doze off on Dean's bed, the motel TV buzzing in the background.
"What did you mean before? When you said you were ashamed?"
The inside of the convenience store looked like all the other convenience store he's ever been. Four aisles divided by tall, thin, long metal gondola shelves, packed with everything really, from snacks to laundry detergent. He can see a couple of island freezer, full of ice creams and sodas, and just one check out point on his left, but no one is there. Over the soft notes of a radio somewhere over his head he can hear two voices, and he immediately recognizes the low one
Castiel steps closer
"Jerk" Sam snickers.
She blushes
“Dean…”
"What do you mean?"
“Yeah well, he keeps jumping on me. We can do it later right?”
Good, now he was being made fun of by strangers online too. He scratches his neck, leaning back with the laptop on his legs
"Listen, I know it's not my place but..."
"Just... stay at home, sleep, relax..." his little brother had said vehemently, the
"WOULD YOU lower that voice!" Dean yells, letting the cool façade fall but the little girls didn’t see any close to backing down
“Cas?” Dean’s voice trembles. Perhaps he, too, feels this thing between them, or perhaps he’s expecting something, judging by the way he tilts his head and leans into Castiel.
brother).
And when he started to become more human than angel, those needs shifted. Castiel was feeling so many things, but desire was prominent whenever he was around Dean. It lingered in the back of his throat, heady enough to make his head spin.
“D’ya think we should restrain him?” Bobby asked from the doorway, and Castiel pondered the question.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says quietly. “I wanted to visit you right away, but I was just…” He trails off and then releases a huff. Frustration lurks beneath his words when he continues, “I suppose I was afraid of seeing you, afraid of what you’d say. Perhaps you’d be angry with me for not saving you, for allowing Sam to live a life with his brother.”
Castiel could watch Dean’s soul for hours, really. Such brightness and strength, making it shine as bright as the creation of stars. The horrors of his life and trauma haven’t tarnished it, in spite of what Dean may think, and it still tempts Castiel with its gleaming perfection, beckoning him to enter Dean’s orbit.
“M’cold,” Dean muttered after a while, voice light and sleepy.
“You should be good,” he announced after he made this observation and proceeded to uncuff Dean from the bed. His wrist and ankle were healing on their own, and Castiel made sure to not offer his help. He didn’t want to set Dean back so soon.
It started with a prayer from Sam, simple and polite compared to the brazen nature of Dean. All he requested was for Castiel to meet him at the motel they were staying at, and if he could please hurry because Dean was out, and that's who he wanted to talk about. It was an odd prayer, but Castiel dutifully flew to their location, a part of him thrumming with worry over his charge.
“He will,” Sam said confidently. “Dean’s strong.”
This time, Dean’s soul shifts restlessly with embarrassment, and yet he still extends a hand, perhaps craving a simple comfort that only Castiel provides in these quiet moments. He visibly relaxes when Castiel steps closer, invading his personal space, and the barest brush of their fingers makes Dean shudder and release the rest of the tension that was thrumming through him.
He ignored Dean’s quiet babble and patched up the man’s wrist. Castiel kept his touch light, and he made sure his grace was far from the human’s reach, and after he was done, he noticed that Dean had dislocated his thumb—most likely done to free himself from the cuff.
Castiel returned later in the night and stood outside the panic room with Sam. They were forced to listen to Dean’s struggles, and Castiel felt his chest twist whenever he heard Dean begging, and the raw emotion in his voice threatened to undo him.
“He’ll be around,” Dean says instead, voice rough. He takes a seat again and reaches for his still-cold beer, staring at the Impala so Sam won’t see the tears in his eyes. “We’ll see him soon enough.”
“You shouldn’t have.”
that Castiel felt over the thought. He has never cared so much for a singular thing, but that all changed when he met the human he raised from Hell. Now, Castiel would do anything to make sure Dean lived, and he already sacrificed so much for him, willingly and wholeheartedly.
“But—” Dean cut himself off, lips parted in shock. His soul quivered, and so did his body, and nothing could have prepared Castiel for what his human charge did next.
Dean chuckled and stared up at him with hazy eyes. “But you still like me,” he drawled. “You still like little ol’ me, even when I’m at my worst.”
❦ ❦ ❦
❦ ❦ ❦
Sam said nothing, but Castiel sensed the relief coming off him. After the younger Winchester disappeared, Castiel fixed himself so he was leaning against the wall, gaze fixed on the door to the panic room. Dean was quiet now, but Castiel thought he could hear his ragged breathing, most likely exhausted after everything so far.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean called after him when Sam walked away, but Sam just waved a hand and disappeared into the front office. Dean turned to look at Castiel, perplexed, but the angel was struck dumb by his exposed throat.
“I think Jack got him out,” he says, glancing at him. “Bobby said that Cas helped him out here, and I doubt that Jack would wanna let his other Dad rot in the Empty.” His breath mists out in front of him when he exhales, and he doesn’t voice the thought haunting him.
“Do you think it’s in my blood?” Dean asked next. He didn’t seem to care that the conversation was one-sided. “Do you think if I split my skin open, I’ll get a taste of your grace when I flatten my tongue against the wound?”
“Dean!” he exclaimed and bent over him. Castiel gripped Dean’s chin and forced their eyes to meet, frowning when he saw the dilated pupils. “What did you do?”
Dean takes a long sip of beer in an attempt to give himself some liquid courage, feeling almost light-headed from nerves. He lets out a breath and says, finally, “If I tried, then it wouldn’t matter to me, because they wouldn’t be you.”
Castiel thought bitterly.
“Bobby,” he said calmly. “I need you to prepare the panic room. Dean will be staying there indefinitely. I may have to add some additional wards to the walls just to be safe, but they should not ruin the ones that you already have up.”
“I came to see you,” Cas says, stepping further into the bar. He stops, inches away, and hums, giving a small shake of his head. “No, that’s not right. I wanted to see you.”
“Got your rabbit food,” he said cheerfully as he placed the bags on the table. Their eyes met for a moment when Dean glanced over, and then he did a double-take. “Cas!” Dean said with surprise, but there was a hint of relief to his word, and the way he minutely relaxed was rather strange. “When did you get here?”
“It was a good life,” Sam says after a while, tearing the label off the beer bottle. “I found married Eileen, and we had a son. I didn’t have to worry about dying every day, and I didn’t have to run myself into the ground to save the world.” He lifts his head and there’s a sad little smile on his face. “But I didn’t have you.”
❧ ❧ ❧
“What would it take for you to come in here?” Dean continued, and Castiel heard the jangle of his cuffs. “Do I drag a knife down my wrists? Or do I have to gut myself open?” A low, breathy chuckle, so out of place. “I still remember how to do it,” he crooned next. “I’m sure I could redirect it onto myself.”
and I don’t—” He looked wild and crazed as he started pacing, running a hand through his hair. “I want it, Cas. No, I
“Everything good?” Sam asked when they neared. He wasn’t injured, thankfully, but he seemed tired.
“Tell me what you need,” Castiel said with a twist of his hand. Dean shuddered against him, back arching off the motel bed. He waited until Dean settled, until he was looking at Castiel, and then he commanded, “Tell me, Dean.”
Cas laughed, a tragic sound. “Would you prefer it if I stopped?”
Dean looked back at Cas, his heart clenching when he realised the angel was still clutching at his jacket, lips just a hair’s breadth away from his own. They were even prettier after being kissed. “It’s a long story. How about I tell you over breakfast?”
Cas wraps his arms around him, one looping around his stomach, drawing Dean against his chest, and the other guiding his head to rest on his shoulder. His lips find Dean’s hairline, kissing the gray hairs sprinkled around his temple. Dean relaxes into the touch, lets the tears fall silently down his cheeks.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Dean says, their palms still pressed together. “It was just a scratch.”
Plus, catching him off guard is fun. And kissing away the surprise is even better.
, who was watching him with wide eyes, his hands instinctively flying up to Dean’s arms to steady him. He was saying something, probably asking him what the hell he was freaking out about, but all Dean could hear was white noise. Cas had died. Cas had been swallowed by white fire. Cas was gone. But he was also here, now pressing the back of his hand against Dean’s forehead, checking him for a fever. His Cas was still alive, with his tanned skin and baggy eyes and wrinkled coat and stupid, lovely voice. He looked tired, as per usual, but his concern for Dean was taking centre stage.
Dean had got into the habit of checking the geoscope every day, usually while Sam was out on his morning run, and Mrs. Butters was busy teaching Jack how to bake. He could snatch around twenty minutes of privacy, if he timed it right. It was never enough to satisfy him, but he doubted anything but a lifetime of staring through the magical eyepiece would ever be enough. Sure, it made him feel like a fucking peeping Tom, but there was something so irresistibly addictive about the geoscope; he knew he’d reached a point in his life where there was no turning back, no realistic chance of making any drastic, life-changing decisions that could spin him in a whole new direction,
“I meant what I said,” he whispers, his hand reaching out to touch Dean’s shoulder before he can talk himself out of it. When Dean doesn’t flinch away, he slides his hand down his arm instead, his fingers brushing the startled flutter of his pulse. “Mary would be proud of you, Dean. Immeasurably so.”
, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t bask in the accomplishments of his interdimensional counterparts. Even the gut-wrenching crash he almost always experienced after tearing himself away wasn’t enough to discourage him. He
At that, Dean’s expression softens, his shoulders slumping in defeat. “You’re an idiot.”
“I guess you do have a weird crush on me,” Dean says, playing along. “Kinda stalkerish. Always watching over me and shit.”
“Ah, shit,” he winces, a bead of blood already springing to the surface.
“And I you,” he whispers in response.
“I don’t care about that right now.”
“Days? Hours?”
“Promise?”
“Dean...”
He allowed himself another deep breath, then dragged his chair back towards the geoscope, ignoring the burn of tears as he peered into the eyepiece once more. Fiddling with one of the dials for a few moments managed to transport him to a version of himself sitting down in what appeared to be the bunker’s dungeon, his head hanging in his hands. He was about to switch over, already sensing this wasn’t a happy dimension, when Cas appeared in the frame, slowly approaching Dean like a wounded animal before sitting down beside him, his arm sliding around his shoulders. Almost immediately, Dean barrelled into his chest, his hands clutching at the front of Cas’ shirt. He wasn’t crying, not quite, but his shoulders were shaking with silent, tearless sobs. It was like he had nothing left inside him to cry out.
He turns to Cas with a weak smile and whispers, “Hey.”
Dean laughs at that – actually
“I love you,” Dean gasped, kissing Cas on the lips once more as a deafening rumble tore through the bunker, sending up clouds of dust and mortar as the walls of the dungeon began to crumble. “Just hold me. Please, Cas. Don’t leave me alone.”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
Dean tightens his grip on the tinsel, a strand of metallic red drifting to the ground. He looks back at Castiel with hollow eyes and shrugs once more. “Not after mom died, no. First Christmas without her was way too soon. Dad was a mess; we didn’t have a home. And after that well, well... Let’s just says the elves don’t visit motel rooms.”
He suspects they’re about to lapse into another moment of heated silence, their eyes never straying from the other’s face, but Dean surprises him by taking a step forward and clearing his throat instead.
Castiel hums in mild agreement. There’s a stuffiness to Dean’s voice that confirms his former suspicions, the thickness of held-back tears slurring the edge of his words just so. He hates seeing Dean upset, especially when he doesn’t know the source of his sadness. Prying thoughts out of Dean’s mind is much like the gruesome game of extracting bodily organs that Jack insisted they play on Christmas morning a few weeks ago; it’s a slow and careful process that must be handled with extreme sensitivity. One wrong move, and it’s game over, so to speak.
“Didn’t mean to wake you,” he says, voice hoarse.
“Don’t you go dying on me,” he said, his voice a pitch too high as all the sounds came rushing back. “I ain’t fucking done with you yet. There’s too much I gotta say.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, a watery smile gracing his lips. “She was a beauty, that’s for sure. Sucks to see her go so soon.”
his daily fix, no matter how crappy and self-pitying it made him feel in the aftermath. He
As he rolls out of bed, Dean grabs his arm and pulls him back. Cas lands against him with a soft thud, a curious brow raised. His eyes are still weighed down with dark bags, the corners crusted with sleep, and his hair is matted on one side and sticking out every which way on the other. He looks like a complete mess, and Dean is so in love with him it’s ridiculous. He doesn’t know how he got to the point where a fallen angel with a major case of bedhead is getting up before dawn to make him coffee on his birthday, but who even cares? He’s pretty sure he’s living his best life, and he’s not about to question it. Not today.
“I like this tradition very much,” he whispers, dropping a kiss to the tip of Dean’s nose for good measure.
Dean scoffs. “This isn’t the life she wanted for us, man.”
“So I’ve been told.”
At Castiel’s prompting gaze, Dean continues softly. “It wasn’t the same without her. Even if we had a proper house and a proper tree, it wouldn’t be Christmas. Not really.” He sucks in a deep, contemplative breath. “But Sammy didn’t know the difference. Mom died before his first Christmas, so... Crappy motels and gas station gifts is all he ever knew. It might sound half-assed, but... The little squirt loved it.” He slides the coiled tinsel off his hand, tying the dangling end into a gentle loop to keep it together, then places it inside the box. “I realised pretty quickly there’s no such thing as magic elves and flying reindeer. It was always mom. She brought the magic, ya know? And with dad gone most of the time, it was up to me to do the same for Sammy. Not that I ever got it right...”
Castiel crunches through the mess and takes his hand, carefully turning it over in his own and brushing his thumb over the shallow gash. Dean watches him breathlessly as he threads their fingers together and gives his hand a gentle squeeze, a warm rush of power thrumming between them. With his grace still depleted, the gesture leaves him a little light-headed, but he doesn’t care. Anything to keep Dean safe.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “We’ve had this conversation a dozen times, Dean. You’re never going to convince me to not ease your pain whenever it’s within my power to do so. You’re too important to me.”
Cas wordlessly switches on the bedside light, his bleary eyes and pillow-smushed hair the first thing Dean sees at the ripe old age of forty-two. It’s a whole lot better than waking up to the sight of his dad’s angry face when he was five years old, the dream-induced memories of his mom sleeping soundly beneath him as he burned on the ceiling reflected in the fire of John Winchester’s eyes. He can still picture him now: large hands taking him roughly by the shoulders and shaking him awake, the barked order to “snap out of it, boy!”  ringing in his ears.
“And you, Dean Winchester, are a highly capable hunter with a family that loves you very deeply. The chances of you dying by an easily avoidable and rectifiable mistake on a hunt are close to non-existent.” He draws back, just enough to capture Dean’s face in his hands and dry his tears with a sweep of his thumbs. “You are going to live to see another half-a-century’s worth of birthdays, if I have anything to do with it. And I will be there for each and every one of them. As long as you’ll have me.”
Castiel obliges, reaching up and carefully wrangling the angel from its month-long position amongst the plastic leaves. It looks even more ridiculous up close: its cheeks are obnoxiously round and ruddy, a small swatch of fluffy yellow hair squashed beneath a glittering halo, and it’s wearing a long, golden dress fringed with discoloured sequins that Castiel wouldn’t be seen dead in. He thumbs the velvet wings distastefully, a frown indenting the spot between his brows.
He flipped through a few of his regular channels, a lump steadily rising in his throat as he kept coming up with nothing but darkness, the interdimensional version of TV static. There was only one thing all that nothingness could mean, but he tried not to think too hard on it. He couldn’t bear the thought of all those worlds, all those versions of him and Sam and Cas and every other sorry sucker on earth no longer existing. Had they been together when all those dimensions were wiped out? Had all those versions of him and Cas managed to share one final kiss before the end, or did they not even see it coming? Not even get a chance to say goodbye, to tell each other how much they –
There was bile stinging the back of his throat, his eyes filling with tears that spilled down his cheeks as he scrubbed a hand over his face, the breath sweeping out of him in one long, deflating shudder. He shoved his chair away from the geoscope and closed his eyes for a moment, the blood rushing loud and hot inside his head. After a while, the familiar smell of pancakes wafted into the room, the triumphant tittering of Mrs. Butters stirring him from his reverie. He swallowed thickly and sat up in his chair. He only had a few more minutes before Jack came galloping into the library to announce breakfast, no doubt grinning from ear to ear like a little kid. This time tomorrow, it wouldn’t surprise him if every single dimension in the geoscope was no longer visible. Shit, it wouldn’t be long before their
Cas was shaking his head, completely bemused. “Dean, I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’ve only just arrived. My leads on Amara all dried up.”
“You liked having the decorations up,” he ventures cautiously, injecting as much casualness into the question as possible.
“It wasn’t real,” Cas murmurs softly. “Do you really believe Sam would let you bleed to death instead of simply calling an ambulance? Not to mention you could clear out a vamp’s nest with your eyes closed.”
In the other dimension, Cas’ gaze had turned solemn, his throat squeezing up and down. As an angel, he didn’t need to breathe, but he still appeared to be struggling. Or maybe it was the tears gathering in his eyes, saturating the usual stormy hue to a bright, glittering blue.
“This is a highly inaccurate depiction of celestial beings,” he murmurs.
mind! You’re not strong enough to go healing people willy-nilly, Cas. You’ve gotta look out for yourself now and again!”
Cas spluttered, his cheeks flushing, and Dean smothered his mouth with a biting grin, his own face flooded with warmth. It was nice to see those words had the same effect on Cas as they did on him. Nice, also, to feel Cas’ lips moving against his own, albeit slowly, as if he was still puzzling through, trying to figure things out. Dean couldn’t blame him for being confused, but he wasn’t in the mood for explaining things just yet. They’d wasted enough time as it was. He didn’t want to get stuck grieving for a version of him and Cas that no longer existed; there was only one Dean and Cas he had any chance of saving, and they were right here, kissing for the first time in a newly-polished bunker with tears sticking their cheeks together and the smell of freshly-cooked pancakes sweetening the air.
– and bumps their shoulders together. “I dunno. I think it’s kinda cute. All it needs now is a ratty trenchcoat and a backwards tie.”
Dean’s tongue darts out to wet his lips, a nervous habit that Castiel has become familiar with over the years. He sneaks a glance at the hand on his wrist, pulse leaping accordingly, then looks back at Castiel, his eyes brimming with a certain something that makes his heart trip over itself.
Dean laughs, a wet sound muffled against the worn fabric of Cas’s oversized t-shirt.
Well, that was new.
Castiel takes a step closer, ready to offer comfort if his next move backfires. “You said you never celebrated Christmas as a child.”
As he made his way into the library, he could hear the distant clang of pots and pans being pulled from their various places in the kitchen; he couldn’t smell the rich, buttery aroma of pancakes yet, however, which meant he probably had at least half an hour before Mrs. Butters and Jack whipped up the batter and started making breakfast. He had plenty of time.
him. There was no point in denying it anymore. He didn’t want to carry all these repressed emotions to fucking oblivion. He wanted all the mushy promises and clashing wedding rings and dirty memories to laugh about when he was old and grey and farting sawdust. He wanted a happy ending, goddamnit.
. How had it taken him so long to figure this shit out?
Cas makes a sweet humming noise against his lips, hands fluttering by Dean’s waist. His eyes are twinkling by the time Dean pulls away, his pinkened mouth pulled into a crooked grin.
“I’m here,” Cas said, shushing him softly. “I’m here, my love.”
Another blinding smile illuminates his face, and Castiel can feel his chest stirring with warmth at the sight. Two smiles less than five minutes apart? That’s more than just a rarity. It’s a
“Stop saying my name!”
It was whispered, fractured with vulnerability, and Cas responded in a similar fashion, his voice a low murmur just for them. “I love you, Dean Winchester. My brave man. My insufferable idiot. My saviour. My best friend.”
He watches Cas disappear down the hallway, his heart full. He could definitely get used to mornings like this. Maybe, if he’s lucky, there will come a year when he doesn’t wake in a cold sweat on his birthday, all the nightmares and waiting to die finally a thing of the past.
But that didn’t stop him from wanting it.
He’s awake. He’s alive. Which means he’s made it to another birthday.
Cas snapped his mouth shut, adorably at odds about what to do without the ability to say his favourite word, the word that only ever sounded perfect on his lips. “I... But...”
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitches. He regards Castiel for a moment, then flicks a glance back at the naked tree. Again, his voice is slightly strained as he begins to talk, his throat shifting up and down.
Dean wakes with a start, drenched in sweat and shaking all over, a strangled whimper lodged in the back of his throat. The utter darkness of the room throws him off for a second, makes him wonder where the hell he is. He has to blink a few times to let his eyes adjust, the narrow strip of light from the hallway casting a faint glow beneath the door. If he squints hard enough, the shadows begin to separate, illuminating the shape of his feet at the end of the bed. He wiggles his toes, sees the covers shift ever-so-slightly, and allows himself to breathe.
The nightmares have only gotten worse since then: premonitions of his own death, some more believable than others, plaguing his dreams on every single one of his birthdays. This one was different though. This one felt... real. As if he was skirting past an actual possibility, a narrowly avoided moment in time. It twists him up inside, makes him want to crumple forward and forget everything.
The mattress shifts beside him, a familiar hand pawing at his chest. He clears his throat, hates the way it breaks, and reaches for it blindly, his shoulders slumping at the sleepy squeeze of fingers around his wrist.
“But it’s the life you were given, and you’ve always tried to make the best of it.” He gives the tree a pointed glance, his eyebrows raised. “You managed to bring magic to a world that’s writhing with darkness, much like your mother did. I know for a fact she’d be proud of this tree, at the very least.”
“And I would be by your side, of course. Even if you hadn’t saved me from The Empty, I would’ve clawed my way out to be with you. I would never let you suffer alone. Especially over something as trivial as an ill-positioned nail. Surely you know me better than that?”
Despite the endless wards and protective spells cloaking the bunker from external dangers, the first thing that comes to Castiel’s mind when he opens his bedroom door, roused by a peculiar chorus of clunking and rustling, is this: there’s an intruder afoot. He follows the noise into the library, angel blade poised to make the swift transition from his sleeve to his palm, and instead finds Dean poking around the Christmas tree, his back to Castiel. He waits a moment, quietly watching from afar, then emerges from around the corner, pointedly stomping his feet as he comes down the steps.
“I’m thinking minutes, Dean.”
“You did the best you could,” Castiel tells him. “No child should ever be put in that position in the first place. You became both a brother and a father when you were just four years old, Dean. You’ve been looking after the people you love your entire life, always carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders so your friends and family won’t have to... Don’t you think Mary would be proud?”
Dean nods in a daze, his skin burning all over. “Of course I will, you idiot.”
“There’s, uh... There’s another Christmas tradition I’ve always wanted to try,” he tells him, voice wobbling with vulnerability. “I know we’ve done the tree, and the turkey, and the presents... The whole shebang, really. But there’s this thing they always do in the movies – I remember seeing my folks do it once, before Sammy came along. They looked so damn happy, ya know?” He smiles at the memory, eyes going misty for a moment, then bends down to pick something up from the wreckage beneath their feet. It’s a small, green plant studded with white flowers, and Dean holds it above their heads with pinkened cheeks and a quivering smile. “It’d be kinda weird to try it out with Sam, so...”
He’s smiling again, cheeks softly dimpled and glowing with happiness. It’s the most beautiful thing Castiel has ever seen. He can’t resist sliding his hands down his body, until they’re settled on the small of his back, and stroking his skin through the thin fabric of his black shirt. Dean shivers at the touch, heat rushing back to his cheeks. It’s both endearing and alluring, and Castiel just
After a beat of telling silence, Cas raised Dean’s chin with the pad of his thumb and gently cupped his cheek. He was wearing a crooked smile, the one that lifted one side of his mouth with a lazy flash of teeth, his eyes lidded softly. Dean had only seen it a couple times before in his own dimension, usually when Cas was depressed or deluded or fucking possessed. It made a nice change to see it directed at him, or a
“That day, I promised to love and cherish you forever,” he said, the muscles in his face twitching with the effort of keeping the tears at bay. “I promised to protect you, stay by your side no matter what. I intend to keep as many of those promises as possible.” He bowed his head, pressing his forehead against Dean’s. They leaned into each other with an ease that defied every doubt and fear that Dean had ever felt, every whispered voice in the back of his mind telling him he could never have this, every obstacle he’d placed in his own path to prevent himself from taking a step too far and losing himself in a love that would undoubtedly leave his life cold and empty in its absence, when the day it abandoned him inevitably came... The way they fell into other seemed so easy, so natural, and Dean was struggling to remember why he hadn’t been doing this with his
As far as deals with ancient beings go, it was pretty sound. But Dean still feels responsible for everything that happened, even though Cas has done nothing but thank him for venturing into The Empty and bringing him home. He doesn’t deserve Cas’s praise, but he knows a graceless Cas is a whole lot better than a comatose Cas. He’s just glad to have him back at the bunker, where he belongs. With him.
“What—” Dean pauses, wets his lips, and tries again, “What does it do when I’m around you?”
Getting Dean into the panic room was easy. He remained unconscious, head lolling against Castiel’s shoulder as he carried the human down the stairs. Dean didn’t stir when Castiel placed him on the cot in the center of the room. He was still injured, but Castiel didn’t dare to try and use his grace to heal it.
He pulls back and catches sight of Dean’s parted lips. Surprise makes his bright soul twist and shudder, and Castiel hums quietly, pleased. “You should take better care of yourself,” he says, the words carrying no heat. Castiel knows that Dean could try and try, but he’d rather put himself at risk to save the people he’s protecting from monsters, and especially to save his brother.
The concept of it was very frightening, but even more so was the
Castiel pressed their lips together, tongues brushing in a way that made them both groan, the taste of blood mixed in. He released Dean and planted that hand on the space beside his head, his other one creeping up Dean’s left arm. Static seemed to build as he neared his mark, and Castiel broke the kiss to stare into Dean’s eyes.
And the way he stared up at Castiel—it was like Castiel was a pillar of worship, a savior for those who were lost. His soul vibrated with greed, with want, with anticipation, and when Castiel looked deeper, he finally saw what was going on. He could only stand there, horrified, because he was the cause for his dear friend’s downfall.
❦ ❦ ❦
“And you’ll give me all the details when ya get here?”
“Would you like me to—”
“I can’t say it,” Dean eventually blurts out. He fiddles with the label on the beer bottle, staring at the condensation slowly dripping down the neck. “I really want to, Cas, but I just
It should be blasphemous to care greatly for one human, but Castiel discovered that he did not care. Everything he did in the past, he would do all over again because it would lead to this moment—Dean breathing in the back seat, lost to the world, while his soul gleamed brightly.
Heat creeps up to Dean’s cheeks (he can still blush in Heaven??), and he resists the urge to avert his gaze. “Well, when you put it that way…” he mumbles.
❦ ❦ ❦
Sam snorts. “I’m more like the Uncle,” he replies. “You and—” His face falls, mouth twisting. “Sorry,” he mumbles. “I wasn’t thinking.”
“You don’t want to stick around and check him for yourself?” Sam asked, sounding surprised.
He healed his cut with an idle thought and started to make his way back to where the Impala was parked. Sam was leaning against the hood, one leg extended and both arms crossed, and he sat up straighter as Castiel neared, brows furrowed.
He hears Cas’s sharp inhale, but receives no response. Dean’s heart pounds in his ears, loud enough to drown out the soft, slow song that’s playing in the bar. He wants to continue, but his throat seems to close up before he can make a sound, and he stews in silence, chewing on his bottom lip.
“It’s still something,” Sam finished and sighed. “Like when he got his lung punctured, remember? You had to feed him so much…” He paused and then hummed thoughtfully. “I think that’s when it started,” he said. “Dean started acting off after that happened, and I thought it was the near-death experience that shook him up.”
“It’s just weird,” Sam said with a frown. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think that my brother was, uh, doing something terrible. A lot of his behavior reminds me of, well, me—when I was addicted to demon blood, I mean.”
They walked to the Impala together, shoulders brushing on occasion. Castiel’s breath hitched every time it happened, and he was certain he could hear Dean’s quiet gasps as well, but whenever he glanced over, the hunter was composed, as if nothing happened.
“Oh, Dean,” he breathed in sorrow. Remnants of his grace were latched onto Dean’s soul, but it was different from the brand that Castiel put there in Hell. These blue wisps were attempting to mold into something that was already whole, and when they couldn’t do that, they instead stuck to it like a leech, amplifying the feeling of grace whenever Castiel used his powers on Dean.
And Sam practically dives into them, wrapping his arms around Dean and
“Can’t heal me anymore,” Dean said, and he sounded resigned to the idea. “No matter how much I beg, or if I try to hurt myself again, you can’t heal me, Cas.” He wet his lips and then turned his stare to the fan above them. “Don’t like what it does to me,” he added quietly. “I hurt you, Cas, just so I could get some of your grace. That’s messed up.”
Something very strange, very human, flutters in Castiel’s chest, but he doesn’t speak of this feeling. Instead, he smiles back at Dean, and walks beside him as they make their way toward his car, the noises of the night cocooning them.
“Heaven’s different now,” Sam murmurs. His eyes are red-rimmed, but he looks calmer, happier. “I think I’d like that.”
Dean Winchester is on the path to ruining Castiel, and he doesn’t even know.
Sam laughs and scratches the side of his nose. “I guess we did,” he says. He tips his head back, looking up at the star-lit sky. “Wonder if he’s around here, somewhere.”
Then, Castiel wraps an arm around Dean’s middle and plasters himself against Dean’s back. He doesn’t need to sleep, no, but the warmth of Dean’s body and the gentle call of his soul easily lulls Dean into something akin to sleep, where his grace reaches out to touch Dean’s soul, both of them intertwining into completion.
He made his way over to the motel bed and plopped down on top, arms crossed. Castiel followed after he exchanged a look with Sam and then took a seat beside Dean, their thighs pressed together as Dean turned the TV on, changing channels until he settled on an animated show with a talking dog.
“I knew you’d be here eventually,” Dean murmurs, and his soul shrinks just so, this time with shyness. “And I wasn’t sure if you were doing anything important, so I didn’t wanna bother you.”
And Castiel straightens, and Dean sees the shadow of wings curving towards him, flickering in and out of existence until they’re suddenly
“I don’t know if he’ll be able to escape this,” Castiel commented quietly, and guilt unfurled in his chest at the very thought.
Eventually, they part, and Dean’s breathing a little too raggedly, eyes wild and hazy. Castiel wonders if he looks the same way because he certainly feels crazed, the memory of Dean’s lips echoing in his mind.
“And what does that mean?” Dean asks warily. “You’re peeking at my feelings? That’s a little rude, Cas.”
“No, but, uh, I think he knows.” Sam paused in his movements, shoulders slumped. “You know, when I was deep in my addiction, I could… sense demons. A part of me believed that I could smell their blood, too, and—”
And Castiel does exactly that, pressing their lips together and extending his grace so he can heal the various injuries that Dean Winchester carries. Dean shudders against him, and one of his hands comes up to grip the lapel of his trench coat, while the warmth of his body lines up with Castiel’s, and Castiel hears himself make a noise. He gives in to his body’s urge, angling his head to turn this into a proper kiss.
They all piled into the car (Castiel didn’t need to fly off for once, not that he wanted to), and Dean drove them back to the motel. Castiel kept his eyes fixed on Dean’s form, and their eyes met in the rearview mirror now and again. Whenever it happened, Castiel felt a rush of electricity flood through his grace, and then heat would pool in his gut.
“Want some?” Dean eventually asked and slid one of the white paper bags across the table.
“Molecules,” Castiel agreed, though he kept eating. He enjoyed the crunch they made when he bit into them.
Castiel took a moment to breathe, and then he wrapped his arms around Dean’s slumped body to help him up. He watched as his soul quieted, the greed receding and leaving only tainted brightness. Castiel started up at the sky, where the stars twinkled on as if nothing happened, and he wondered how he was going to fix this.
Castiel lapped at Dean’s bite, his hand stroking Dean languidly. He could hear Dean’s breathing pick up, could feel the way his hips rocked subtly, silently begging for more. Castiel felt a little crazed over hearing, feeling, and tasting Dean. He almost didn’t know what to do with himself.
from love, and you were made
sleek black feathers that take his breath away. “Dean,” he says in a soft, tender voice, similar to the way he said it in those quiet moments that they had, just the two of them in a shared space. “I believe it to be true.”
Eventually, that faded too, and when Castiel checked him one day, he sensed only scattered remnants of grace. These wisps looked less like a parasite and more like something that was already integrated into Dean’s soul, woven in and pulsating in time with his heartbeat.
” He pauses, licks his lips, and then his wings are gone; Dean misses them already. “Destiny never mattered when it came to us,” he adds. “You taught me that, Dean, and I will always believe that to be true. We found each other in spite of everything that the world threw at us, and we became soulmates on our own.”
He was just as affected as Castiel, then.
Sam gets up without question, always so trusting of Dean no matter what’s happening, and Dean stares up into his little brother’s eyes, seeing the years of sorrow and grief weighing him down.
Almost.
“He tried to break his arm earlier,” Castiel replied.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answered solemnly. He rubbed the back of his neck and then clasped his hands together in his lap. “I could keep my healing to a minimum and only do it when the injuries are serious, but even then…”
The only change that Castiel wanted to make would be the addiction he caused in Dean. Would it have made a difference if he used an alternate method to heal Dean? Or would they have ended up on this path regardless of Castiel’s choices?
“Why wouldn’t it be?” Dean asked. He took a seat beside Castiel, and their shoulders brushed when he shifted to get comfortable. “Fine with me.”
Dean’s face fell, and there was a hint of fear on it. “Will you stay?” he asked, vulnerable and meek, so different from earlier. “I-I don’t want to be alone right now.”
Dean should go over there and hug him, but he’s frozen, heart stuttering in his chest. All that pain, all that grief, washes over him, threatening to drag him under the waves and drown him. He swallows around the lump in his throat and stares down at the counter, blinking away the wetness in his eyes.
Castiel thinks with no regrets.
“I have enough for you,” Castiel tells him. “I always do.” Then, he pauses and sweeps his gaze over his friend. “But I’ll have to heal you in a rather unconventional way,” he adds cautiously, watching for Dean’s reaction. “Will that be okay?”
Dean doesn’t point it out when they eventually get back into the car, driving back to Harvelle’s Roadhouse where Dean started. Bobby’s not there anymore, and the bar isn’t lively, but that doesn’t stop Sam and Dean from sitting outside and cracking open a beer, where Dean stares up at the orange-pink-purple sky.
Pain, sharp and familiar, wells up in his chest. Dean has the sudden urge to lurch forward in panic, clutching at it, but he just barely manages to resist. He settles for clenching his fist at his side, fighting with the emotions for a bit, and then he exhales, and relaxes, recalling Bobby’s earlier words.
He’s surprised to see Castiel looking so nervous, all of a sudden. “When I raised you from Hell,” he speaks slowly. “I put you back together myself. I purged the demon touch from your soul and healed all the wounds that were inflicted upon you, and I used my own grace to stitch the pieces together until you were pure, whole, and new.”
Sam exited the car and slammed the door, and Castiel broke his stare with Dean to glance at the younger Winchester. He looked exasperated, but there was a hint of a smirk on his face when he said, “I’m gonna book another room. You two have fun.”
(What a reckless human that he loves.)
“Sam…” Dean breathes. He watches his brother for a moment and then runs a hand down his face before pushing himself up off the creaking chair. When Sam looks up at him, eyes shining and confused, he gestures for him to get up.
“I called him down for an opinion on the case,” Sam cut in. He pulled the containers out of the plastic bag and opened one of them, an expression of mild distaste on his face. Still, he started eating the salad before him. “Hope that’s okay.”
“I’ve got you,” he said and slotted his hand onto the brand.
“Okay,” Castiel said after a while, if only to keep an eye on his charge. “I will join you.”
“In the barn?”
“Of course,” Cas replies, face softening. He edges closer to the bar and rests a hand on Dean’s arm, and Dean feels electricity shoot down his spine. Even through the layers of his clothes, it still feels like that. “Dean, you don’t need to say it to keep my affection for you. I have loved you for what felt like eons, and that won’t go away because you can’t say it back just yet.”
“Dean Winchester,” Castiel murmured, frustration laced into his words. “You are a very infuriating human.”
“Dean,” Cas says, voice low and serious. “What I feel for you is something that I’ve never felt before, not for another human, nor an Angel. I love humanity, and my brethren, and I even love the small family that we made in that bunker, but it’s not the same as what I feel for you.”
He knows there’s something missing, and he knows that Sam knows it, too. His little brother keeps shooting him these glances, paired with furrowed brows and that sad, puppy-eyes that never had an effect on him (and Dean doesn’t even acknowledge the lie).
Dean’s head snaps toward the door, the bottle slipping from his fingers, but there’s no shattering. He knows that the bottle will be in the spot it originally was in, looking as pristine as before. “Cas,” he breathes, eyes wide. “Is it really you?”
