Sherlock intervened. "John!" He grunted, eyes still closed, flexing his hips forward to rub himself against Molly's bum and burrowing his face in her hair. Sherlock smacked him. "John, for god's sake. Wake up!"
Sherlock's eyebrows furrowed in confusion. "That's what who said? Donovan? Oh God, no, probably Anthea. What did she say, precisely?"
"-- you without securing your permission first. But I don't understand why you're so upset. You have been thinking about it ever since your episode, and your body responded very positively. It's unlike you to get caught up in semantics like this."
A long, comfortable silence fell between them, and Sherlock shifted through the data and emotions swirling inside him. The most important part was that they were all right. John was grieving, and he might keep on grieving, but he was going to be fine as well.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, leaning into the bar, carefully leaving a couple of feet of space between them, as though he was no longer sure if his proximity was welcome. "I said girlfriends were not really my area, then agreed with you that it was fine to be gay. I suddenly feel I've been overestimating your intelligence."
Sherlock was a graceful dancer, which surprised John a bit; he would've guessed Sherlock had deleted dance to make room for bruising patterns of ligatures on human corpses or some such. But Sherlock was dancing like it was his job, all footwork and peacock-proud twirls. He had just completed a spin and overcorrected a bit -- they'd done a
Sherlock stood and strode to the door. The last thing he said before sweeping out of the room was, “You are most certainly not the only one.”
He frowned. "Molly, for fuck's sake, your lips are blue." After grabbing a second towel, he shoved her into his old bedroom, closing the door behind him and covering her head with the dry towel. She shivered and let him rub her hair until it was no longer dripping, then run it over her legs and arms. He pulled the wet towels off and pushed her, naked, into the bed and under the covers.
They sat in silence for a few minutes, Sherlock absorbed in his test tubes, occasionally scratching out notes, and Molly and John clutching their cups of coffee. When half of his cup was empty, John frowned at Molly. “You sure that arm is up for work already?”
"Agreed," murmured Sherlock against his lips. He showered light kisses on John's face, letting him come down from his orgasm for a few minutes before pressing his neglected cock against John's thigh in gentle reminder.
Both of them looked to Molly, who squeezed her eyes shut and twisted the bottom of her sweater. She opened them and nodded at Sherlock, who nodded back. "I'll call Sally." He ignored the twin shocked expressions directed at him.
Sherlock huffed a laugh through his nose, and they talked through rules and expectations and what-ifs for the next half hour. Finally, when it seemed they had come to an agreement, Sherlock blurted out, "Can I kiss you?"
John deepened the kiss, ran his tongue along Sherlock's lower lip before flicking their tongues together.
Sherlock waved this off, but John looked between Sally and Molly curiously. He let it pass, though, and simply listened as Molly promised to be more aware of her surroundings than normal.
John rolled his eyes. "There must be, what, 2 or 3 million white men living in London? A statistically significant sample of that population would be at least 150 people."
The whisper of a smile ghosted over Sherlock's face, but he quickly returned to his slightly bored expression as he flipped through papers and files. "When she starts moving, she lets out a little moan, and she bites her lip when you thrust up to meet her. She likes to
Molly set her glass down, wanting another but knowing that all of them, save Sherlock, would leave if they got here and found her drunk. "What's the plan, then? Or is it a surprise?"
Beside her, Sally was moaning encouragement and rocking up into Sherlock's mouth. All of a sudden, she jerked and hissed. "Fuuuuuck, freak, just like that. Oh my God, just a little --" She broke off and less than a minute later, she went stiff and cried out as waves of pleasure rolled through her. "Oh, shit," she panted. "That was incredible. You really are a bloody genius."
Sherlock's face relaxed and he reached between them to slip the soapy cloth over John's cock. "And this? Where  do I even begin?" He rubbed over the hard length, eliciting a shiver from John. "First of all, it is so massive as to be enticing and intimidating in equal measure." John laughed, tilting his head in acknowledgement. His one previous gay relationship had mostly consisted of rushed hand jobs in the shower, with the occasional blowjob when they managed to steal a few longer moments away from the rest of the unit. But once, they had managed to get leave at the same time, and in a swankier hotel then they could actually afford, they had taken their time. John's partner had wanted to try bottoming, but after many patient attempts, they had had to accept that it simply was not going to work. John wrinkled his nose at the memory, smiling ruefully at Sherlock.
John arched an eyebrow at him. "Sex rules are non-negotiable after that stunt you just pulled. You can't have exciting and impulsive if we're not communicating about where the boundaries are." Frank surprise shot across Sherlock's face before a pleased smile took over. "I think we can both agree that our hooking up was inevitable, right?"
John looked up at him helplessly. “Sherlock, it was 15 years ago. I’m not going to make excuses about how I was young and stupid, but I’m not the person I was at 21. You know that’s not who I am anymore.” He swallowed, and looked down, unable to ask the question out loud.
Sherlock sniffed, listened some more, thought about the limp's significance. He snapped the laptop shut, snagged a text off the bookshelf, and settled into his chair with his tea to distract himself while he waited.
John stuttered and he dropped his gaze. "I -- I want ..." His mouth closed again and his face burned; he couldn't say it.
Usually, Sherlock was very careful to be considerate when John gave him blow jobs, having himself been skullfucked so often that for awhile he'd forgotten it wasn't expected. However, John was also an unfailingly polite receiver of oral sex and the rules seemed to be different tonight. Sherlock thrust down John's throat experimentally and John flicked his mischievous eyes upward, grinning around his cock and pulling encouragingly on his hips.
Sherlock’s breathing kicked up a notch at that. He often marked John like this, and even higher up on his neck where it took some effort to conceal. He loved the idea of there being a secret sign of Sherlock on John’s skin, and enjoyed looking for flashes of bruises and bites when they were in public. John, being more considerate in every conceivable way, was always careful never to mark where anyone could see, much to Sherlock’s chagrin. Making a noise of interested discovery, John sucked a bruise where it would be easy to let everyone see, if he wanted. A breathless sort of moan escaped from Sherlock and John grinned into his skin before soothing the mark with the flat of his tongue. With one last brush of his lips, he moved his mouth down to a dusky nipple.
The chill between them lasted the rest of the evening and all the next day. John met Lestrade for lunch, and the detective inspector soon had him laughing as he described the office reaction to Sherlock's declaration the day before. "... So then someone gets out a ruler and draws it out, and
Sherlock shook his head. "Not the way she wanted me to. Not like I ..." he let the words trail off, nodding at John instead.
,” he gasped, stroking himself hard and fast as the aftershocks coursed through his body. He collapsed onto his chair. “Fucking hell,” he gasped, his breathing starting to slow as the rush of endorphins licked through his body.
Sherlock smiled, a bit shyly. "I suppose I am a bit. Don't tell anyone, it'll ruin my reputation." He climbed on top of John and straddled his hips, staying up on his knees as he massaged John's (strong, firm, round) pecs, trying not to notice his nipples beading up. John moaned quietly as Sherlock soothed a small spasm near his clavicle, and Sherlock worked hard to keep his breathing deep and even, to Ignore his aching cock. Then suddenly, a warm hand was wrapping around it, squeezing him lightly and stroking once before Sherlock grasped his wrist. "I'm fine, John. You don't need to do that." John was relaxed and content for the first time in ages and Sherlock was content with that, didn't want to push him.
Chris covered up his surprise and disappointment pretty quickly, considering all the innuendo John had been throwing at him. "You want me to recommend a dancer for a more satisfying private session?"
Sherlock began to slowly circle him. "I mention a more involved sexual experience with another man, and you move into parade rest. An affair in the Army, then." John lifted his chin a bit, looking pleased, and Sherlock's practically purred as he walked behind him. "Did you allow your commanding officer to inspect you like this, Captain Watson?"
Molly cocked her head, considering him with a sly smile. He was objectively pretty average -- small, brown eyes, round face, ruddy complexion. But he had a smile that lit up his face and a swagger that tipped him over into attractive.
“Yours,” Sherlock panted. “Only yours.” He took only a few seconds to breathe before impaling himself on John’s cock again, and good
John squeezed two handfuls and craned to watch. Suddenly, Sherlock was standing up. "Hey," John protested. "You said it was OK! No funny bu--oh Christ in heaven." Sherlock had turned around and pushed his rear end right up against John's lap, wiggling and swaying and -- there was no other word for it --
," as he realized he was bumping against Sherlock's prostate. He thrust firmly again. "Like that?" Sherlock moaned. He repositioned his knees for more leverage and rolled his hips again. The urge to drive into Sherlock, take him hard, claim him was overwhelming him. He made himself count out 40 more hip rolls before he added a hard
right now. The flush, which had started in his face, had moved in splotchy patches down his chest, and his eyes were glassy, unfocused, and often rolled back in his head. Sherlock fucked into him, a bit more roughly, and John groaned, starting up his rambling again. Sherlock doubted he was even aware he was talking.
Molly laughed. "Hardly. I share a flat with a gay couple." His posture relaxed. "Less debauchery than I expected," she mused. "They are either very quiet or very chaste."
before we finally got together,” John admitted between licks and sucks and nips at the bony ridge. “You and those tight, never-fully-buttoned shirts. I saw flashes of your collarbone from time to time and I’d get this really strong urge to mark you there.”
they were exclusive, not directly. Sherlock had assumed, but perhaps John had needed more than he could give. Sherlock knew he was limited, that what he could offer was never what John deserved, but he'd thought they were happy, that John had been happy. He swallowed against the thick knot in his throat and worked hard to keep his voice level. "You kept flowers in our refrigerator so they would be fresh when you gave them to another man." He said this, he thought, without accusation in his voice, but he feared that his naked hurt was showing on his face, because then John's eyes were widening in horror and he was shaking his head and walking toward him.
John slid his eyes open just long enough to shoot Sherlock an appraising glance. "You already know."
"I never expected it," John began. "He was my commander and I thought I was mostly straight. Never thought I'd meet anyone over there. But James was just ... he snuck up on me. He was handsome, and I admired him as a commander, and that was it for about a year. Then he was injured -- nothing life-threatening, just needed some sutures. I had to give him something for pain, because he'd bruised a rib, and he loosened up.” John smiled fondly, his eyes distant as he remembered. “Well, loose for James."
"Well then the question, Dr. Watson," Sherlock purred, leaning forward conspiratorially, "Is, do you like it rough?"
Sherlock swooped about the restaurant with an indecent amount of glee. A line cook was found dead and although there had been a knife wound on him, that had not been the cause of death. They'd examined the body with Molly and she was flummoxed as well. Some slight bruising across his abdomen suggested he might've been struck, she thought, but there was no internal damage. The knife wound might've needed some stitches but was nothing life-threatening. Preliminary tox screen came back clear; he'd had some alcohol in his system but nowhere near enough to kill him.
Mark's broad smile faded as he looked at her outstretched arm. Belatedly, Molly remembered the yellowing fingertip bruises still visible for any pathology nurse to read like a newspaper headline, and swiftly retracted it under the desk.
John seemed to not have heard that; he was sitting up a bit, looking at Sherlock with incredulity. “Hold on. You’ve had sex with … what was the number? 227 men? How is it that you’ve never topped??”
Sherlock's sharp eyes flew to John's face to assess whether he was being mocked. Pupils blown wide, tongue darting against lips. John shifted his weight a bit, reached down to subtly adjust his trousers. Oh.
He raised an eyebrow, beckoning her to walk with him to the kitchen. She grabbed an armful of soggy tissues and rose wearily. Sherlock glanced back at her. “What about yesterday?”
"Exactly," Sherlock agreed, and sat with his knees on either side of John's legs. He arched back, letting his head fall parallel to John's knees before pulling himself back up and finally,
Molly was still standing near the doorway, looking uncertain and unfocused. John gestured toward the living room, offering her tea. Molly walked in and both men stiffened as they saw her tentative gait, the way she held her arms hugged to her chest, the slight tension in her face when she sat. They both noticed the awkward way she held her opposite arm as she reached for her tea; Sherlock noticed that she was using her non-dominant hand. He also noticed her ponytail was loose, and that her nail polish was chipped. He noticed that she was wearing heels and more makeup than usual and anxiety pooled in his belly. He ran through the data again, willing a different conclusion.
Sherlock ducked his head as John stood on tiptoe to pull him into a surprisingly soft kiss. He had expected tongues and teeth and fire right off the bat, but John seemed to be content to take things slowly. He pressed soft-lipped kisses to Sherlock’s mouth as he gently stroked his face, rasping a thumb along his stubble, tracing over the shell of his ear, smoothing over his cheekbone. Only after he moved that hand to cradle Sherlock’s head did he tilt in and part his lips.
"Yessss," Jack hissed, rubbing her furiously, and whatever was expanding inside her burst and she sobbed out heaving, raggedy breaths as her pulse reached a fever pitch and then slowly regulated. He released her mouth and she took a greedy breath as he pulled one of her knees up to wrap around him. She whimpered quietly as he pushed roughly into her, huffing hot breaths in her ear.
The song changed, and Sherlock slowed down with it. Teasing the belt through the loops before snapping the leather loudly, he slowly pulled open the button and zipper of his leather trousers. His hands strayed then, rubbing his torso and neck again as he toed off his shoes and tossed them out of his way. John's pants were so tight that he felt like they were about to explode. Sherlock continue to dance hypnotically, slowly sliding his trousers down his legs.
John scooted closer. "And it happened in your flat? Tonight?" Molly looked at him with surprise. She had expected Sherlock to make the connection immediately, not John. He smiled a bit, shrugged a shoulder. "It's a huge problem in the Army. I treated far too many women and a few men in Afghanistan." She nodded, eyes staring off. "Molly?" She refocused on John's face. "This just happened?"
John didn't turn away. Sherlock was squeezing her tits again, then running his fingers down to play at the straps of her thong. "He's good at that." Kylie let her hair fall like a curtain around their faces, and John's throat went dry again, his imagination unable to settle on whether it would rather picture being Kylie, drawing Sherlock's hungry eyes and predatory arse squeezing, or Sherlock, allowed to be a bit handsy with a gorgeous stripper. It was hot as hell either way. Chris cleared his throat behind him and John remembered that he was supposed to be drinking and flirting. Knocking back the rest of his drink, he spun back to face his mark. "Sorry," he said with a rueful smile. "I'm being nearly as rude as him."
"I had designs on you before I felt the condition of your shoulder." Sherlock stood, crossing to the kitchen to pull coconut oil out of a cupboard before returning. He scooped some out of the jar and rubbed it between his hands, then continued his work on John's bad shoulder. "Why didn't you tell me?" John shrugged his good shoulder in response. For ten minutes, they sat in silence aside from the hissing and sighing and sharp breaths from John as Sherlock beat his shoulder into submission.
Sherlock waved this off, gesturing at John's barely-flagging erection. "You were very enthusiastic about it." John glared at his penis as though it had betrayed him and scrambled to pull on a pair of sweatpants. Sherlock smirked. "Besides, you've been wanting to have sex with me for days. You keep thinking about initiating something and then changing your mind."
John glanced up at Sherlock, checking his face for permission before unzipping his trousers and pulling the lot down his thighs. His prick was starting to show some interest, but John had decided that slow and steady was not going to win the race tonight. Closing his lips around Sherlock, he pulled up slowly, feeling him harden in his mouth as he went. He grasped the base as he got to the tip, looking up at Sherlock as he licked up the last inch or two. He sank back down, repeating the motion, this time following his lips and tongue with the firm slide of his fingers. After five more long, slow pulls, Sherlock was finally fully hard and breathing a bit more deeply than before.
John moved slowly, sliding his tongue over Sherlock’s ravaged skin, exploring the crisscrossing scars here with gentle curiosity. The defensive tension that had straightened Sherlock’s spine when he dropped his shirt was melting, replaced by the shivers and goosepimples and a hitch in his breathing, “God, you’re gorgeous,” he crooned, dragging his lower lip across a slash that crossed Sherlock’s lumbar spine. He slid a finger under the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, tugging as he licked straight up his spine. “Off,” he whispered, stretching up on his toes to huff the word into Sherlock’s ear.
John leaned in and it was nearly perfect. Sherlock at his back, playing with his nipples and sucking a mark onto his collarbone; Greg in front, snogging him senseless and stroking his cock. His hands were softer than Sherlock's, his face scruffier. He was a precision kisser, shifting deftly from light brushes to teasing flicks to sucking John's lower lip, and clearly enjoyed watching John get more and more worked up.
John lifted his face and Sherlock lowered his to press a warm kiss to his lips. “Speaking of,” John asked, pulling away slightly, “How’s that spreadsheet coming along?”
Behind her, Greg set a faster pace. Molly could tell he was trying not to be rough, but it hurt regardless. She pushed into the burn and cried out wantonly.
He sipped his gin and juice and turned to people watch. The club was just starting to fill, and it seemed a fairly diverse mix. Quite a few young people, but lots of middle aged people, too. Everyone seemed to know each other already and were crowded into groups.
Sherlock gasped for breath. “Both,” he grunted, fondling John’s bollocks, a light smile playing at his lips. “I daresay there will be plenty.”
Molly was crying out with each battering thrust, no longer lifting her hips much to meet him. Sherlock could go quite some time like this, but he could see that she was starting to pant, seeking out oblivion. He caught Sally and John's eyes and glanced at Molly's breasts. They knelt over her on either side, lowering their mouths to suck, nip, and lick at her already-erect nipples. Molly arched into them, and Sherlock let go of one of her legs to rub right circles against her clit.
Handing him the tumbler of bourbon, Sherlock nodded his head over to where he'd been standing before he'd been pulled to the dance floor. "Want to join me?"
It wasn’t working tonight. Sherlock appreciated the thorough snog John was giving him – he had eventually plunged inside his mouth and was now massaging their tongues together – but it wasn’t leaving him as breathlessly, thoughtlessly aroused as normal. John, who was nearly as shrewd as a consulting detective when it came to deciphering Sherlock’s interest, pulled back, turning his attention to Sherlock’s neck and ears.
His eyes focused on the page in front of him, featuring a couple in the lotus position. "Case." John quirked his eyes doubtfully, and Sherlock looked up. "Of course it's for a case. How else do you propose I show that the victim's position proves he couldn't have died during intercourse?"
Sherlock scrambled up, yelping when John smacked his bottom. Lowering himself onto the bed, he thought about the best way to goad John a bit. And so it was that he was lying as commanded, slowly stroking himself, when John entered the room.
“You get the most gorgeous flush to your cheeks when you’re turned on, did you know that?” John smirked and then flicked his tongue over Sherlock’s frenulum.
Sherlock released the breath he'd been holding, visibly relaxing, and shrugged. "They had drugs I wanted, so we made arrangements."
." Sherlock kept his eyes determinedly on the papers in front of him that John knew damn well he wasn't reading. He sighed. "I'm not a 1, you git."
John turned his back to Sherlock and sighed contentedly when he began massaging his shoulders. Sherlock frowned, slowly kneading the tight muscles, quickly focusing in on his bad shoulder. "You need a muscle relaxant," he murmured. "How did it get in this state?"
There was definitely a good reason for him to be here that had nothing to do with the scene behind him or the honey-colored eyes in front of him. John cast about to think of something clever to ask Chris that was remotely pertinent to the case. "All that touching seems a bit dodgy. Owners don't mind?"
John dropped his voice, although not enough to spare the cabbie. "I was going to embarrass myself if I kept watching you with her. God, I was jealous of both of you."
Sherlock followed. "I'll come, I want to change out of these foul-smelling clothes." He sniffed. Antiseptic, all over him.
Everyone stopped dancing long enough to knock back their tequila, and John's bear turned to ask someone else a question. John reached for Sherlock's hand and pulled him close, swaying his hips to the music and smiling up at him.
John straddled his hips and leaned down, biting Sherlock's neck hard enough that he had to repress a shout of pain. "Are safewords --" John pinned Sherlock's wrists to the floor "-- a light fucking
Sherlock added a finger, feeling the ring of muscle flutter and release as John sighed in contentment. “Any discomfort?” He wiggled his fingers, making sure everything was relaxed enough, not-quite-accidentally brushing his prostate. John bit his lower lip, sucking in a breath and holding it as his cock twitched and more fluid dripped out.
Steve smiled, tugging lately on John's shirt sleeve. "Come on, don't be like that. Look, he's about to come this way, I'll introduce you. Oi! Sherlock!"
John watched with interest, licking his lips lightly. "Have to admit, I don't often see bodies like yours in clinic." He ran his fingers tentatively over Sherlock's chest, smiling when he shivered slightly. Sherlock looked down and John leaned in, rubbing his nose against the side of Sherlock's for just a moment before he looked up and tilted in to claim his mouth. At first the kiss was sweet, cautious, both men smiling as their lips moved together. Then Sherlock opened his lips and shifted slightly, flicking his tongue teasingly against John's. The doctor reached a hand up to pull him closer, exploring his mouth eagerly for several long moments before breaking away to nip at his neck and collarbone as he slid Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders.
Sherlock forced himself to focus, and to whittle down his evidence into facts. Decreased appetite, hypersomnia, decreased energy, emotional emptiness, inability to focus, and a lack of interest and enjoyment in nearly all activities. Sherlock’s hands paused for a moment as the obviousness of it came crashing down on him. A wave of relief overtook him, followed swiftly by shame. He knew that John had battled depression in the past and that he had, in fact, been in dire straits when they’d met. Sherlock had always assumed that to be situational, as he had gone off his antidepressants within 2 months of moving into the flat and had seemed fine ever since. Happy. Rather deliriously so, over the past six months.
John shrugged again. “And as her doctor, I trust that she knows when she is ready to go back to work. She doesn’t need my permission and she’s really doing quite well.”
John snorted, tugging back at Sherlock’s lower lip with his teeth for a moment. “You can be as incorrigible as you want, as long as you do it with your finger up….
Molly nodded. She'd suspected that Sally had been raped but was surprised to hear her speaking about it so openly. "How long did you need them?"
"Sure," he agreed, and followed him to where a small group was watching them with undisguised interest.
Sherlock's huff was entirely humourless. "At times, I regret teaching you to observe." He shrugged. "We've never spoken about it, but I expect she knows. Certainly after tonight. She's not stupid."
Sherlock settled into a rhythm, starting off with slow, long strokes. John hummed his appreciation, rocking back into him. Relaxing, Sherlock considered his plan of attack. Now that John was comfortable, he zeroed in on increasing his pleasure. Bracing his knees firmly, Sherlock thrust roughly into John three times. And oh, but it was
Long fingers moved gently, almost lazily; he seemed to be teasing himself a bit. Sherlock's eyes flicked between John's face and his hands, seeming torn between watching him pleasuring himself or his reactions to Sherlock. After a time, he dribbled saliva into his hand and spread it over himself. John's breathing picked up, and he matched their strokes.
"God, yes," John breathed, and after Sherlock had worked his jeans open, he stood up to step out of them. He locked eyes with Sherlock, looking uncertain, and Sherlock dropped his eyes to the bulge in his pants, nodding. John's fingers fumbled at his own waistband for a moment and he tripped over his pants a bit, but he got them off and scrambled back in Sherlock's lap.
Sherlock laid back, his erection jutting up and curving slightly toward his abdomen, and John knelt over his hips. Sherlock passed him the bottle, and John tipped a bit onto his fingers, coating both of them generously. He reached between his legs to gasp Sherlock’s erection and settled himself against it, shifting to find a good angle before bearing down. With a long, slow slide, he buried Sherlock about halfway before he paused with an exhale. They grinned at each other, both seeming to realize at the same moment how absurd it all was. John made a mental note to thank Clara for inviting him out, even though he’d never made it.
John interrupted swiftly. "--I'll tell you what I told Lestrade. I have given this a lot of thought, and my medical degree is not more important than all the people I hurt and scared. It wasn't just Vincent, was it? You said that I 'terrorized' him, but the truth is that you can't terrorize one person. I terrorized him, and Harry, and you, and every other gay person in London." Sherlock arched an eyebrow and opened his mouth to protest. "No," John said firmly. "Let me finish. You didn't see your face when you found out what I'd done. I have seen Sally call you a freak at least a dozen times. You get told to fuck off just about daily. Someone, somewhere along the way, called you a sociopath and you accepted that as fact. I've never seen you react to any of that with even a fraction of what I saw on your face when you saw just a
Sherlock pierced John with such scrutiny -- even for Sherlock -- that John began to squirm a bit. After a long moment, he said, "You really mean all that. It's not a speech this time."
Sherlock considered John's cock for a long moment, then began swirling light fingertips against his hips and belly, grazing down to his thighs. John hardened further in anticipation, but the touch didn't come. "This is strange," Sherlock admitted. "Having it be your first time and my second." He brushed John's bollocks with the backs of his fingers; John dropped his head back in frustration. "Although, this is new. You weren't much on foreplay, just sort of ...
"Mmm," John hummed agreeably. He was alternating between laving wet kisses right where Sherlock wanted them, and blowing gently. The sensation seemed to be slowly unraveling the man.
Sherlock watched passively as John yanked on his belt buckle and pushed his trousers down his legs. “Did he?” he asked in a voice that would have passed for dispassionate to anyone else as he stepped out of his trousers and pulled off his socks. He stood there, clad in nothing but gray boxer-briefs, looking…
John took a sip. “More importantly, you have plenty of reason to feel afraid. Sometimes anxiety attacks present as anger.  It’s not always rocking and crying.”
A few seconds later, Sherlock clenched around John's cock and cried out as he came rather spectacularly. John chased his own orgasm, which he'd been staving off for ages, and a few seconds later he was shuddering, pouring into Sherlock as his body stiffened, mouth open in a silent scream.
John sat up, turning to face Sherlock again. His expression was passive but John smirked at his mottled chest and flushed cheeks. "Enjoying the show? Go on, then. Your turn."
Lestrade snorted. "Sherlock doesn't seem to mind. Although I have it on good authority that he wouldn't give up the rest of the details. Actually told someone to piss off. You two have a row about it?"
Sherlock rubbed circles on John's back, stalling for a moment as he considered how much truth to tell. "Not that I can remember," he reassured lightly, hoping John would take it as a no.
Molly was light-headed now, panting a bit. The door was still partially open beside her and warmth spread through her groin as she thought about being seen. She pulled at his button and fly with shaky hands and then worked on her own when he stepped back to tug them off. His pants did nothing to hide the rather huge bulge trapped inside.
Molly looked him over, debating whether to answer. He was cute. Scruffy shadow on his face and short dreads spiking around his head. He had a wide, easy smile and mischievous eyes.
John snorted, but seemed mollified. He watched for a few minutes as Sherlock stroked him, then laid his head back against the taller man when he spat in his hand and quickened his slick strokes. He whimpered when Sherlock moved his hand to his hip, pulling him firmly against him. "Alright?" He asked, grasping tightly and rocking against his arse, making his intent so obvious that even John should understand.
"Almost done,"she called, breathless with cold. She let herself get attacked by the icy spray a minute longer before turning it off and wrapping herself in a thin towel. She opened the door, still shivering, and found John still standing there.
"Keep searching," he commanded, nodding to the pile of papers. He looked down at his own papers, shuffling through them idly but shamming concentration. "The first time Molly and I fucked," he started, and John stilled for a moment before continuing his hunt-and-peck on the keyboard, "She wrapped her tiny mouth around my cock. And my god, her mouth ..." John shifted his weight again. "She
Gripping Sherlock’s hair once more, John thrust down his tight, hot throat in a bruising rhythm, no longer able to regulate his pace or how rough he was being. “Fucking mine,” he grunted, hips snapping against Sherlock’s face. “This tongue, this mouth, this throat.” The thrusts were coming too fast now for Sherlock to breathe, and John knew he should stop but he was so close…
The pain was starting to subside, as long as John was slow and careful, and he felt his prick starting to firm up under John's ministrations. He took a shaky breath. "It's better every minute. Soon you'll be able to move more." He opened his eyes to look into John's, which were dark with equal parts lust and frustration.
That night, John woke up to the sensation of Sherlock kissing his neck and pinching his nipples. He groaned loudly, arching his back and swearing quietly.
They started dancing, and John let the music run through him as he shimmied and shook. Marc had indeed seemed to have broadcast John's status, because he found himself continually dancing with someone new. Sherlock was nearby, dancing with the twink from earlier, but kept glancing over at John, checking to see if he needed a rescue and grinning at him. So far, it had been great fun. People kept bringing over shots for the group, so John was feeling loose-limbed and happy, and danced with whomever happened to be nearby. A few of the men had gripped his hips or squeezed his arse, and two had even kissed him. John had kissed back, more enthusiastically in one case than the other, and just smiled and laughed.
John looked at Sherlock's mouth, then at his own cock, then stared heatedly into his eyes as he dropped his chin in silent command.
Sherlock didn't look up from his book. "I've already read your blog post,  John, so you can stop all this insufferable pondering about what to say."
For belle333, who really, really wanted to read an extended blowjob scene where John gets rough with Sherlock. Figured this was as good a place as any.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John just insinuated himself closer, swirling his fingers through Sherlock’s chest hair and nosing at his ear. “Truly. You’re
Distantly, he realized John was grinning against his neck. He rolled his eyes even though John couldn't see it. "You already knew," he rumbled drily.
Sherlock smirked, setting the soap back on the shelf. "Well, whatever you are, I don't like anyone insulting you. Every part of you is perfect." He rubbed the flannel over his throat. "If it was my choice, you would never leave the flat without bite marks showing. I could spend hours tasting your neck."
"Fancied another one," John replied evenly. Sherlock's frown tightened fractionally. John sighed. "Do you understand why I'm angry with you?"
His sweet smile turned mischievous. "All the best nights of my life have started with those words," he chuckled. Just then, bartender approach them and caramel voice ordered two shots of Pitron.
"Yeah, always throws people for a bit of a loop," Sally said. "But they can't see you. They might see your shadow a bit, but not you."
He rolled over, away from the damp spot, and studied John’s face anxiously. No sweat, his breathing was barely elevated, and his pupils were normal. Against his leg, Sherlock could feel John’s cock starting to soften slightly. “Oh,” Sherlock said in quiet surprise, as the data came together. “Why didn’t you say something?” He could feel his face flushing, but he forced himself to hold John’s gaze. John’s cheeks pinked as well, and he shrugged noncommittally, not admitting to anything aloud. Sherlock scratched his neck. “I assumed you’d want… I just … I thought you’d like it, too.”
John seemed unable to speak, so Sherlock interjected smoothly, reaching down to grasp John by the elbow and pull him off the ground. John seemed a bit unsteady, so he held on. “We’re not police. I’m consulting on the case as a detective. Sherlock Holmes. I daresay you know my partner.”
; John's choice, obviously). She wandered up to the guest room and looked in her suitcase for something suitable. Sherlock had packed her plenty of work clothes, but she wanted to be noticed tonight. She settled on jeans and a button-up blouse that she generally wore under a blazer because it was really a bit too tight to be decent. She unbuttoned it down to the top of her bra and added a necklace that drew the eye to her cleavage, such as it was. Next, she padded to the bathroom to do her makeup -- smokey eyes, bold lips, neutral cheeks. She added a few curls to her hair and sprayed it in place.
Molly knocked back most of the glass in one swallow. "No." She licked the whisky from her lips. "I'll feel better after."
Sherlock's mind was working again, and he realized he had not yet unearthed the whole story. "You gave him red and yellow tulips. This has personal significance to the two of you; tulips are the unofficial flower of Afghanistan. You had an affair while you were overseas?" John looked uncomfortable. "
Molly nodded. "Yeah, I can see that. You were young and drunk and it would've been your word against his." They sat quietly for a minute as a busboy cleared their plates. "Is that when you decided to become a police officer?"
The friction was absolutely delicious, and John realized that if he tipped his hips up ever so slightly he could rub against Sherlock's bollocks and perineum, eliciting a quiet groan from above him. The sound went directly to his already-overwhelmed cock, and John let out his own groan as he relished the delicious slide of Sherlock's skin around him. Warm water sprayed over then, and Sherlock's curls dripped onto his face when they kissed. Between the warm spray, Sherlock's sly grin, and the friction between them, John's skin grew flushed.
, this was not merely the now-familiar influx of serotonin and dopamine caressing his brain. He needed to claim, be claimed, know that John was in him and he was in John and dear
Sherlock's voice positively dripped with disdain. "He was a drunken, philandering plagiarist who fooled everyone into thinking he was a genius. And even if I was compelled to torture myself with one of his idiotic plays, I certainly would not watch it at the cinema." He sniffed, removing his gloves and approaching the ticket counter with the air of resignation. "Two tickets to something with a lot of explosions, please," he said to the cashier, looking utterly bored.
" He bit down on his own knuckles and recited the Periodic Table in his mind. It was no use. "Stop," Sherlock panted. "Oh god, at least slow down. I wasn't prepared for you to actually be skilled."
Sherlock chuckled a bit in agreement, and looked up as the bartender approached. "Two shots of Jameson and two Makers, neat."
Both eyebrows returned to their rightful places. "You don't want to talk about it, ok. But I'd put your lab coat back on if you want to stick to your story about the gym."
Sherlock’s chuckle rumbled through his chest, buzzing pleasantly against John’s neglected cock. “Mmm, look at you. Eager, are we?”  John wasn’t willing to stop sucking him to answer, so he fucked himself on Sherlock’s fingers instead. He was tempted, so tempted, to beg Sherlock to grab his prick; he knew it would only take a few strokes for him to go off like a rocket, and it wouldn’t take much work at all to get Sherlock there, either. But he knew how much better it was going to get, so he pulled reluctantly off of Sherlock’s cock.
Lestrade took a sip of coffee and winced. "Finally got to that, eh? He got picked up a few times, but Mycroft always worked his magic to get the charges dropped." He nudged John under the table with his foot. "Don't be too hard on him, eh? He was in a really bad place. Thought sure we'd find him dead in a ditch eventually." He fiddled with a sugar packet. "You know how Sherlock would do anything for a case? That's how he used to be about getting a fix. Was a bit heartbreaking, really, because we could all tell he was literally a genius. Wasting all his talent on deducing who would trade a blowjob for whatever he needed. Seen a million smackheads, and he's about the only one I've known to kick it."
Sherlock's head cocked to the side, willing John to continue without using the broken voice that he knew was lurking in his throat.
John leaned forward, speaking firmly. "That's very common. You've heard of the fight-or-flight response? It's actually fight, flight, or freeze. Your nervous system decided you were threatened and your best chance of survival was to play dead, essentially. It's completely involuntary, and also completely besides the fucking point. It's not your job to fight off someone who wants to have sex with you; it's their responsibility to make sure you want it, too. This is
His face was red, and Molly felt her own face warming, too. Good. She hadn't been in control that night, but she was in control now, and she intended to hold him accountable for the way he had humiliated her.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and it was comforting, being treated like a bit of an idiot. “Why would he
." He dipped back down, panting into John's mouth, wanting to consume him, fill him, so John could see and feel what Sherlock saw and felt when he looked at John. He squeezed their fingers, John clenched his thighs, and Sherlock broke away with a gasp. "
"That?" John teased, leaning in. "Just a sample. Barely even counts." Sherlock's stomach flipped, and his mind scattered, unable to think of a quip quickly enough, thanks to the bloody morphine. John smiled and leaned in more, until Sherlock did the same. John brushed his lips across Sherlock's gently, as if asking permission, before pressing soft kisses to his lips.
John swiftly agreed, and Sherlock approached slowly, telegraphing each step. Her eyes didn't leave him but she stayed still and seemed calmer than she had when John had approached. Sherlock knelt in front of her, holding his hands palm-up near hers and waiting patiently. After a few long moments, she set down her tea and gave him her hands. He stroked them comfortingly, fondly, and met her eyes. He was quiet for a full minute, seeming to weigh what to say.  Finally, he squeezed her hands gently to gain her attention. "Who was he?" His voice was sharper than he'd intended.
John rolled his eyes. “SERIOUSLY, love. Just talk to me. I don’t mind the kinky shit. Just trust me with this stuff, OK?”
"And that was the day that I found out he was quite funny. He told me this story about his grandmother getting pissed and feeding biscuits to a bear. The bear got mad when the biscuits ran out, of course, and it tried to follow her in the house." John chuckled. "He was moving around, trying to act the whole thing out, while I'm trying to sew him shut. Blood everywhere."
John thrust in, long strokes that pushed hard into the tight ring of Sherlock’s throat, and he felt the beginnings of his climax tingling at his tailbone. “
John smiled drunkenly; the Flexaril had clearly kicked in. "You're jus' spoiling me," he said sagely.
The clench on his stomach twisted, and he closed his eyes for a moment. He could hear John pacing in his room.
John had rested his elbow on the back of Sherlock's seat and was now threading his fingers through his curls, massaging his sensitive scalp. He often did this while they watch telly in the evenings, and it always confused Sherlock how touching his hair could be calming and arousing in equal measure. Sherlock repressed the urge to moan, settling instead for nudging John's fingers when his hair-twirling stalled. John smiled fondly, eyes still on the screen.
"Close," Sherlock choked out, hips stuttering, not sure which mouth to push into. Greg pulled off with a light pop and John heard the slick sounds of him pumping Sherlock's cock. Sherlock groaned and stiffened, his hole puckering against John's lips as he slowed his movements into light, gentle things. Sherlock's body finally slumped and he collapsed onto his side, rolling onto his back and giggling deliriously.
Sherlock cried out, sounding surprised by the suddenness and intensity of his climax. He slowed his movements, pressing down for one last, long kiss before pulling out and collapsing beside him. Brushing away the tears on Sherlock’s cheekbones, John burrowed close, tucking his head beneath his chin. He laid his ear against Sherlock’s chest, listened to his heart beating, and breathed.
Sally tugged him back with the leash, slapping him hard against the face. "Goddamnit," she growled, slapping him again. She dug her fingers in his curls, yanking his head back to look at her face. "Do it right." She pulled on the collar, forcing his mouth against her again.
John's eyes gleamed. "You mad bastard." He kissed at Sherlock's chin until the taller man tipped his face down for a kiss. "You amazing, gorgeous, mad genius." He pulled out gently and rocked slowly back in. John dropped his voice to a whisper. "You did it." He pushed in with slightly more confidence.
, Sherlock. You like that, getting your mouth fucked?" He thrusted in deeply a few more times, stopping when Sherlock's eyes began to water; he didn't actually want to hurt him. God, Anthea was probably rubbing herself in tight circles right now. He ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair more gently now, no longer pulling, but Sherlock held his gaze and took him as deeply and quickly as he could without hurting himself. He cried out a warning and Sherlock pulled back slightly, holding his mouth open to catch John's come as he stroked him through his climax.
45 minutes later, Molly was gowned and had her feet in the stirrups, trembling slightly and holding Sherlock's hand as John dictated notes into his phone's voice memos app. Molly let his voice fade into the background. Swabs, scrapes, the pressure of a speculum. Stand there, hold the sheet here, click click. Squeeze this, tight pressure, this will sting, swallow these.
After the film, John buried the sticky napkins in his half-empty popcorn bag and made Sherlock wash his hands. "You're a bad man," John accused lightly when they were on the street.
Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock spat out his most contemptuous tone. "Oh, you know we haven't done anything
Just as Mark turned to leave, Molly finally found her courage. "I'm sorry for snapping at you earlier. I don't know what came over me."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, pushing himself up on one elbow to the face John. "Don't even consider suggesting what you are thinking."
Sherlock shook his head dismissively, although his voice had gone a touch breathless. “It was good, until …” His brow furrowed as he tried to dissect what had triggered the change.
Today was awful. And probably tomorrow would be too. But she wanted to believe that it wasn't forever.
John bristled. "I did all of this so I could be a doctor. Don't you think I have an obligation to use that gift and help people the best I can? Even if that means putting myself in danger?"
Sherlock scribbled a note on a copy of someone's ID. "Doesn't it? You've been heterosexual your whole life. You're a 1 on the Kinsey scale. Of course eventually you're going to realize that what we have isn't natural for you. It's understandable," he said firmly, barreling over the protests John was beginning to murmur. "I'm a 5 and I can't imagine it working out with a woman for long." And it
Sherlock hummed, craning his neck to watch John’s mouth sink down over him again. John flicked his eyes up, checking for feedback, and nearly smiled around the cock in his mouth. He pulled back up, holding Sherlock’s eyes, and pulled off him with a soft
John pressed a soft kiss to his lips, and settled down into his pillow, enjoying the secure weight his chest. "Me too, love."
John coughed his surprise. "You're being startlingly imprecise," he teased lightly, but his body grew tense. "What part of me do you want to have sex with?" he asked. Sherlock's eyes flicked to his mouth and he traced John's lips with his fingers before leaning in for another kiss. John relaxed, but didn't move. "No condoms," he protested.
Sherlock nodded, but still looked shy. “I’ll try, John. It’s just all new for me, having someone to try new things with who values my well-being. All of my previous encounters have been focused on getting off quickly with a minimum of personal entanglement.”
Sherlock felt the sweet, empty ache inside of him that he's come to associate with John, but there was an edge to it tonight. He squeezed his cock, relieving the pressure but not trying to bring himself off. Arching his spine in pleasure, he moaned. "Please, John."
"You're close already," John observed with surprise, grinning at him with fake admonishment. "You weren't supposed to touch yourself again."
Sally prompted her to continue. Molly looked detached again, like she was retelling a story about someone else. "Then he kissed me some more, on the neck. He squeezed my bum pushed against me, rubbed his erection against me. I don't remember how we got to the living room, but he pulled me to the couch and climbed on top of me. I was wearing a skirt, and he rucked it up, pulled my knickers aside and pushed a finger inside of me, said I was tight and he couldn't wait to fuck me."
Sherlock smirked. "Masturbatory, then?" John sighed and attempted to ignore him, but Sherlock was not deterred. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. Everybody wanks. How often?" John shot him an incredulous look. "While you're asleep, I mean. I already know about when you're awake."
Finally, mercifully, the last strap sprung free, and Sherlock flung the vest away from them. The men looked at each other, hesitating only a split second before sprinting out the door. John paused for just a moment to pull the fire alarm before dashing after Sherlock, who was urging him on with an edge of desperation in his voice.
Sherlock didn’t often drink, and he didn’t realize until they started walking just how much the third glass of wine had affected him. He focused on walking and articulating precisely as they bantered about who had won the wager, although John’s knowing look made him think he wasn’t entirely fooled. They waited at a crosswalk for the light to change, and Sherlock turned to look into John’s eyes. “Tonight? You’re sure?”
With one last lick up his shaft, John nipped his way back up his young lover's body. Sherlock devoured his mouth, flipping them over and pinning John's arms over their heads as he sucked on his lower lip.
, there it was. Five more thrusts and John bit Sherlock's shoulder as he came, muffling his strangled cry. Sherlock unclenched his muscles and slowed his hips, letting John pull away after a few more slow rolls of his hips.
would do, shoot a man without remorse. It didn't fit with the rest of what he'd assumed about John, but he'd dismissed it because he wanted to believe in his goodness, and he was grateful that the man had saved his life.
John repeated the motion and Sherlock relaxed into it as John crooned at him reverently. "You magnificent creature, does that feel good? Do you want more? That's it, darling, I've got you. I'm going to fill you up soon, would you like that?" He added his fourth finger and Sherlock hardly noticed the stretch. "I can't wait to see you all wrapped around me, to stuff you until you're full." He twisted his fingers and Sherlock pulled at his own hair, panting desperately. "I know sweetheart. When you come, it's going to be spectacular. You're ready?"
She looked back at Sally. "Then I opened the door and he pushed me through it, closed the door behind me and pressed me up against it. He started kissing me again, and I pulled away, told him he had to leave. He yanked me back by the arm and pushed me back against the wall. I tried to get my arm free but he was too strong. I told him again, to please leave, that I'd text him tomorrow. And he told me that we'd had such a good time and were attracted to each other. People fuck on the first date all the time, he said. Be an adult about it, don't be a tease."
"At least. Seven just off the top of my head. And then some of those are mutual, where others will require reciprocation of the same or a different act. And then sometimes multiple methods can be applied to one person simultaneously, as we saw with you. So really, off the top of my head, there are ..." He thought a moment. "I'll have to make a spreadsheet and test your flexibility to give you a final number."
Sherlock listened to John's steady, deep breathing, felt his heavy, still weight against him. "I think I love you," he whispered.
as we used to be doesn't mean we can't harmoniously share a flat. Plenty of people who aren't friends make these types of arrangements."
The next morning, when Molly stumbled into the bathroom to pee and brush her teeth, she found a prescription along with a pill bottle in John's name with the same medication inside. A note from John read, "These really helped me when my anxiety was bad. Feel free to try mine for a week or so before filling the prescription if you're interested in seeing if it helps."
it was, he was right on the edge. Three more thrusts and he was stiffening, mouth open in a silent scream as he thrusted through it.
They worked their way through the courses, debating whether their favorite course had been the spinach and ricotta gnocchi or the shellfish stew and placing wagers on whether the woman two tables over was going to notice the ring in her flute before swallowing it with a mouthful of Moet. They were giggling quietly at the man, who was actually sweating with nerves, when someone finally recognized them. Sherlock sat up, making his body language more neutral. John looked at him in confusion and Sherlock slid his eyes to where the woman who’d spotted them was surreptitiously retrieving her phone from her purse. Eyes dancing, John speared a bite of the raspberry-white chocolate art in front of him and fed it to Sherlock.
An image flashed in her mind, unbidden, of kneeling on all fours while Sherlock fucked her mouth and John hammered into her from behind. Rough, delicious, perfect. They could take her over and make her forget all the bad thoughts in her mind for a little while, replace them with new bad-good ones. It could ruin things between all of them, would definitely cause a complication in the very least. A thrill ran through Molly as she thought about flirting with the possibility of destroying her safety net. But then she looked at Sherlock's face, which was so open and worried and loving, and knew he and John would never push her the way she wanted to be pushed just now.
John remembered. He'd just gotten home from a run and had peeled off his sweatshirt as soon as he'd walked in the door. The T-shirt underneath was damp from sweat and sticking to him uncomfortably. When he straightened up from untying his trainers, he caught Sherlock averting his gaze from his arms guiltily. "Well, who could blame you?" John teased, trying to laugh the whole thing off. "Just because you appreciate someone else's body doesn't mean you want to shag them. I've admired your long neck before; doesn't mean I've been fantasizing about you."
Sherlock nipped at John's lips. "Only if you're going to make a fuss about it. You know I love you, you idiot."
Sherlock kissed him back. "Thought it would be an interesting experiment. I've never done it before."
“Well?" Sherlock sneered. "She is hardly speaking or eating. She’s wearing a half-pound of makeup to hide the circles under her eyes."
Sherlock laughed. "You'll notice that I never claimed to possess a magical anus that defies preparation."
John shifted, kicking off his shoes and putting his feet in Sherlock’s lap so he’d rub his arches. “It would’ve been, if anyone had known. People suspected, but we were very careful. We had to be. After a few months, James started assigning other medics to the more dangerous missions. We had a huge row about it, our only one, really. He couldn’t stand the thought of sending me into danger, and I knew I’d never survive the guilt if one of the other medics had been wounded or killed. And that, disrupting missions, is the kind of shit that ends in court marshals and lockup. People were starting to notice. We needed to break things off, we actually tried, but we just couldn’t keep it up. We were both miserable. We saw each other every day but we didn’t talk, and we missed each other desperately. After about two weeks, I went out and very nearly got hit, and that was the end of us pretending we could be apart.”
“Smug, are we?” John taunted. He finished unbuckling his trousers and shoved them down, pulling out his cock. “Why don’t you get on your knees and show me what you learned from our lessons.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Really, John, even you are not that blind. You noticed me staring at your biceps just last week."
Sherlock pulled off his cock, licking up the shaft and smirking up at him haughtily. “If you don’t like the look on my face, perhaps you should wipe if off.”
John nodded. "That's normal. It'll fade in a few hours, couple of days at the outside. Reporting is up to you, but you should try to talk about it tonight to someone. Describing what happened in detail right afterward lowers your risk of PTSD."
the idea of being watched. You used to purposely leave the door cracked when you had Jeanette over for a shag and your respiration rate increased when I mentioned Mycroft watching."
John grabbed Sherlock's trousers then, squeezing his arse playfully, something in the mood changed. Sherlock bit John's lip, and John opened his mouth, letting Sherlock's hot tongue invade his mouth. Tipping his head, John lifted his tongue to meet Sherlock's, and suddenly the kiss turned frenzied. John was still squeezing Sherlock's arse, and Sherlock had a huge hand at the back of John's head, clutching him close.
John glared commandingly, and the effect was less limited by having a cock-stuffed mouth than Sherlock would have expected. He released John with a plaintive whine that swiftly changed into a soft grunt when John tackled him. His impending orgasm trickled away and he rallied his focus at the sight of the dangerous expression on John's face.
Sherlock huffed a quick laugh. "No, I mean I know for certain it's possible." As soon as the words left his lips, Sherlock winced and pressed his lips together firmly, as though to stop himself from saying anything else at the wrong moment.
Nothing felt real. Molly felt like she was outside her body.  "I don't know if I can right now. Everything feels very far away, like I'm at the bottom of a well."
Molly cocked her head, trying to think of how to articulate what she meant. "Kind of? I'm not suicidal, not at all. And I'm not, like, cutting myself or anything. But sometimes thoughts or feelings take me over and they feel like they're coming from somewhere else. Like they're not my thoughts." She twisted her ponytail around her index finger, yanking on it nervously. "That sounds really psychotic. I'm not hallucinating, it's just like…"
John's snort rang too-loud in the somber room. "That's the nicest thing you've ever said about her." An awkward tension fell between them, and John realized that Sherlock was holding his breath as though steeling for a blow. "Oh, Sherlock, love, no. You don't have to tell me anything. That's her story." John felt the tension leak away from the long body next to him and he leaned in for a long kiss. "Let's rest for a few hours and then see what we can do about this bastard in the morning."
, John. Bad things happen to you because you like danger. You could have started a nice quiet practice when you became a doctor, and treated high blood pressure and step throat for the rest of your life. You chose to go to war, instead.
They had emerged from the bathroom and Sherlock murmured in his ear. "The bartender is bisexual; keep buying drinks and tip well."
Sherlock scoffed. "I don't see why that's funny. You asked me a question and I like to be precise in my answers."
Anderson blinked at him a few times, and out of the corner of his eye he could see John look up at him in curiosity. “The soil has nothing to do with it, Sherlock.” John opened his mouth, already starting to nod his agreement.
John shook with a silent laugh, but his cock got noticeably harder. "I do, yeah," he whispered back.
"You," Sherlock said between kisses, dropping his voice into a silky baritone. "Get a gold star." God, he made it sound filthy. Sherlock dropped back down to resume his work on John's neck. Had Sherlock deduced his most sensitive spots, or discovered them during his episode? His breath hitched and he once again felt Sherlock's smile. Sherlock was ghosting his fingertips over John's ribs, nipples, and chest, providing a shivery counterpoint to the soft nips on his neck and shoulders. John shifted his weight, trying to subtly adjust himself, antsy for Sherlock to explore. Sherlock responded almost immediately by trailing his mouth down John's torso, applying firm suction to his nipples, grazing his teeth across his ribs, swirling his tongue in his navel.
John chuckled and hoisted the bag on his shoulder. "I'm going to run this up to your room and then I'll make us some tea."
Greg broke the silence by giggling. A few seconds later, the absurdity of what'd just happened hot John, and he started laughing, too. "Sherlock, you mad bastard," he managed.
John squeezed again, spreading another drop of moisture around. “I want to taste you.” His face warmed, but he sneaked a peek at Sherlock’s face.
Usually, when Sherlock used his Mind Palace as an escape, he liked to go into the room where he kept his unsolved cases. Occupying his mind, solving puzzles, was both soothing and invigorating. But today, when he went in that room, he found that he couldn’t focus his mind, couldn’t think properly. It reminded him of the times he had smoked marijuana; it made his brain soft and slow, like molasses on bread. He couldn’t solve a crime in this state. All he could think about was John’s betrayal, and how bloody awful he felt. So he went into John’s room and created an empty closet. He hung a picture of the news article there, the one that showed a shattered and graffitied storefront. He downloaded a video of John telling him all about it to a tablet and, unable to watch it again, stuffed it in a drawer along with the goading emails from his father and a picture of Vincent Tucker’s face. All but fleeing the closet, he burst into John’s room and reminded himself that this was all real, too, but also ultimately irrelevant. He couldn’t delete the contents of that closet. Wouldn’t, because Vincent had been right; he would do anything for John Watson. And for what? The cost was too high.
Greg pulled John's face forward again and slid their tongues together. The technique from earlier was gone; Greg was swiping his tongue against John's sloppily, desperately. Sherlock leaned forward, kissing John's neck and grazing his ear with sharp teeth. "You're close," he murmured. "Let go, love. I want to watch you together."
John nodded. "I owe you an apology, Sherlock. I wish I could say that when I kept it from you, I was trying to protect your feelings, because I never wanted to hurt you. But really, I was just protecting myself, because I never wanted you, of all people, to know what I truly was back then."
in the back of a taxi. Sherlock broke off first, breathing raggedly as he kissed across John's jaw to nibble at his ear. John chuckled, squirming, and was rewarded with a soft huff of laughter and a gravelly murmur.
Sherlock didn’t turn; he was working hard on deep breathing and swallowing the ridiculous tears that were thinking of springing to his eyes.
Was John feeling taken for granted? Waiting to see how long it would take him to notice they were barely speaking? Not likely. John was sometimes aggressive, but rarely passively so, and he certainly couldn't keep it going for weeks without bursting into a fit of rage. John resolved their differences head-on, with either endearments and caresses or swearing and a dangerous eye glint that let Sherlock know to retreat.
Sherlock's voice was faintly amused. "I must say that you were quite helpful in that regard. Being able to watch John up close and get immediate feedback made all the difference."
"I didn't," Sherlock gasped. "I told you, it gets me off when you lose control like that right on my face." He punctuated these last few words with short, hard strokes.
A note on UK vs US use of muscle relaxants. In the US, Flexaril is very commonly prescribed for muscle spasms; in the UK, it is tightly controlled because it is considered more potentially addictive and prone to abuse, so it is mostly only prescribed to people with Parkinson's Disease, Multiple Sclerosis, etc. Diazepam (Valium) seems to be the muscle relaxant of choice in the UK, whereas in the US it is more commonly used to treat anxiety and alcohol withdrawl. All of that to say that Sherlock having Flexaril stashed away would be more significant in the UK than in the US, because it's harder to come by.
John was sucking at the head and squeezing a hand up and down Sherlock’s slippery shaft when he felt Sherlock’s body start to tense up, the cock in his mouth flexing as the first stirrings of Sherlock’s climax took hold. John immediately let go and backed off, giving him one last lick before crawling back up Sherlock to stretch his body out against his side. Propping his head up on his hand, he caressed Sherlock’s chest lightly, waiting as Sherlock’s respiration rate slowed. “OK?”
Molly recoiled as though she'd been struck. Of all the things she'd imagined -- concern, doctorly advice, fury on Sherlock's behalf -- she had never even thought to consider being kicked out.
Sherlock responded in kind, his tongue warm and soft, his lean body alert but eager. Pulling him closer, John kissed Sherlock slow and deep. He shifted, pressing a steadying, reassuring hand to the back of Sherlock’s head as he insinuated his other hand under the back of his shirt to stroke his fingers over smooth, pale skin. Sherlock shivered, crushing his face forward, tugging at John’s shirt until it was loose from his trousers. Suddenly, clothes seemed like too much of a barrier, and John was desperate for skin-on-skin. He pulled Sherlock’s T-shirt up, breaking apart long enough to fling it away before diving back in, kissing frantically as he unbuttoned his shirt. By the time it was on the floor, Sherlock had managed to kick off his bottoms and pants without breaking the kiss and was tugging on John’s belt. Together, they managed to divest John of the rest of his clothes rather quickly.
"Don't be stupid, John. If you left, you'd have to find a flat you could afford on your own, which would mean leaving London, or a new flatmate, which you know is easier said than done. The clinic and St. Barts are right here. The Work is here. You need a place to stay and we both need flatmates. Just because we're not as ..." he searched for the right word, "...
The effort it took John not to punch Sherlock actually pained him. "Sherlock, I never agreed to have sex with you."
John rushed to speak, apology plain in his voice. "I didn't come here to spy on you. Clara invited me out for her birthday celebration, and I swear this is where she told me to meet everyone, but they are nowhere to be found." He looked around helplessly, as if to prove the point. He just wanted to escape, to leave so Sherlock would let that happy, bright version of himself back out of its cage.
Lestrade found his voice first. "You're barking up the wrong tree, mate. As Sherlock likes to remind us, he's a high-functioning sociopath; he doesn't feel shame." It was a bit not good, but it got them out of the moment. "Mr. Tucker, I genuinely don't believe there's any evidence that Dr. Watson is your attacker. And as the statute of limitations has passed on pressing charges, I'm afraid we can't reopen your case. I'm very sorry." Sherlock let out the breath he'd been holding as relief washed over him. There was a lot of damage Vincent could do to John without pressing charges, of course, but without an investigation (or the help of Sherlock Holmes), nothing was likely to come to light. For better or worse, John was safe.
Sherlock was looking directly at the man and, John suspected, attempting to shut him up via telepathy. John laughed. "I can't honestly say he's mentioned any of you, sadly. He's a bit rude."
Sherlock uncapped the lube again, tipping enough into his fingers to spread on both himself and John. He rallied his determination. It was silly to be nervous. He had bottomed plenty of times; surely he could draw from his own experiences in figuring out how to be there for John. Lining up, he met John’s eyes and pushed forward.
, then pulled out and fucked my mouth. Came all over my face. Upside: didn't have to worry about getting knocked up. Downside ..."
John's scrunched up his face, trying to find a delicate way to ask the obvious question. "You couldn't ... tell?"
Nodding, John kept his eyes on Sherlock's chest. "I just ... I wasn't ready to share it yet. And I knew you wouldn't understand..." His voice trailed off.
John's eyes snapped up guiltily from a server's breasts. Sherlock outwardly ignored it but mulled it over as he rattled off questions and deductions. Had John been feeling unsatisfied? Was he having second thoughts about their relationship? About being with a man? John was still nervous about sex. Was Sherlock making him uncomfortable?
Pulling off, John stroked a few times and licked a stripe up his erection while he devised a plan to keep Sherlock distracted enough to maintain his arousal. He stood up, smiling reassuringly at Sherlock’s sharp, alarmed eyes, and tugged his jumper off. He worked at the buttons on his shirt, and by the time he had dropped it to the floor, Sherlock at come over to tug at his belt and unfasten John’s too-tight trousers. John sighed with relief when Sherlock released his cock, pushing his trousers and pants to the floor and helping John step out of them. His face was a little more eager now, although John could still sense some anxiety in the tension around his eyes.
John's eyes were wary, cautious, as he watched Sherlock deduce him. Sherlock met his gaze, and although certain of his deduction, he could not banish the hopeful question mark in his voice. "You went to see Major Sholto. You gave him flowers?"
Sherlock worked his way back to John's mouth, making direct eye contact and waiting a moment for John to look fully awake. "John," Sherlock purred and oh god, his voice was like liquid sex; John's cock leapt. "What is 6x8?"
A few seconds later, Molly frowned in concentration. "It's so hard to think. I guess I'll report it. That way I don't have to rehash it a second time."
John settled in to play, licking the inside of his cheeks and scraping his teeth lightly over the wet skin. He kissed and licked Sherlock's perineum, then moved on, slowly circling closer to his opening. Sherlock was working Greg's cock in earnest, who kep breaking away from Sherlock's cock to pant and whimper.
Sherlock got farther this time, and paused when he started to gag. John rubbed his shoulder. "That's it, gorgeous. Now try to yawn." Suddenly, Sherlock's head closed forward a few inches, until his protruding tongue was tickling the base of Greg's cock.
John closed his eyes, holding his fist still and thrusting into it with a moan. "I think about you." Sherlock craned his head to watch, fist moving faster on his own cock to sync their rhythm again. John opened his eyes again and lifted his head for a furious kiss, humming his happiness against Sherlock's lips. He ran a thumb over his cockhead and broke away from the kiss with a pant as a familiar heat spread through his belly. He thrusted into his fist a few more times as Sherlock murmured encouragement, and exploded spectacularly with a guttural cry.
Sherlock retreated again, and began dancing in earnest. Or at least, John was pretty sure that's what was happening; his brain had short-circuited. He was highly attuned to a few things, though. First, Sherlock was more than halfway to erect already. Second, he was starting to sweat deliciously. Third, John desperately wanted to bite one of his arse cheeks. Fourth, if he didn't get to liberate his cock from his painfully tight trousers soon, he very well might die.
John raised his eyebrows in surprise. Had he been staring? Then the weight of the man's words hit him, and he whipped his head around. "You know him?"
. She shook out a small blue pill and swallowed it with a handful of water from the tap. She could hardly deny needing a bit of neurochemical help, given how the day before had gone.
John smiled sadly. "A combination of clonazepam and very understanding bunkmates. It was a running joke, of course, but I only had a few episodes that anyone mentioned to me." It had been horrible, never knowing for sure. Usually he woke up with the evidence all over himself, and that was humiliating enough. Shaking himself from his reverie, he said, "I'm a little surprised you didn't just deck me when I came on to you."
John's brain stalled, having exhausted its observational powers. Sherlock would no doubt roll his eyes at his blindness.
Sherlock sighed impatiently. “Then I expect I would have died with you kissing me. There are worse ways to go, I assure you.” He rolled his eyes when John smiled at him. “Let it go. Listening to someone punish himself over hypotheticals is tedious.” John laughed in spite of himself, and Sherlock felt the release of a knot of anxiety in his stomach that he hadn’t realized was there.
Thanks a million to my wonderful beta, Iwantthatcoat, for helping me to tighten this up, as well as to the nonny who posted the prompt!
John lifted his cup in acknowledgement. "True, I would like to see her eating a little more regularly. But she's not drinking, she's not taking drugs, she is not working herself until she passes out from exhaustion to keep from having to think." He cocked a pointed eyebrow at Sherlock, who had narrowed his eyes at him. "A more self-destructive person might handle this sort of trauma very poorly, don't you agree?"
John shook his head. "Not about that, really. I mean, yes, I read him the riot act a bit, but the row was more about other stuff." Lestrade held his gaze, waiting patiently. "Stuff from Sherock's past."
, John.” He raked his eyes over the rest of John’s body, lingering on the come that was dripping down his ribs. Moaning loudly, he swore and pumped into John frantically, feeling the orgasm building and then his whole body seized as it rushed through him. After the first, long pulse, Sherlock released a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding, and he moved gently inside John, working himself through it as he gently pushed John’s legs to the side, leaning forward to kiss him sloppily for a moment before pushing himself back up with a contented sigh.
! You know what, fuck you both," he said, as Molly and Sherlock shook with laughter. His eyes dipped to her bouncing breasts and Sherlock bent over in a new fit of giggles. "Do you mind putting a shirt on, please?"
Sherlock closed his eyes, internally flinching as John opened his trousers and grew still. Sherlock felt his face burning. “Bit too much wine, I think,” he explained, his voice tight.
They forgot about teasing. They forgot about Sherlock’s trepidation. For a long moment, they both even forgot about the end game. Sherlock became completely absorbed in devouring John’s arse and wringing more of those satisfying noises out of him, and John was just as lost in the sensation of sliding his wet lips over Sherlock’s hard cock and grinding his arse against his face. It was
The heat of the whiskey burned in her chest and she felt. Felt herself being shoved, breached, taunted, pinned. She remembered her humiliation, and her disgust, and her terror. She remembered all of it as she finished one, two, three glasses of whisky, and then her memories started to soften and fragment, and she couldn't focus on any of them long enough to piece them together.
Sherlock smiled against his mouth and bit John's lower lip; the smaller man shivered. "In that case," he slid a tongue over the bite mark. "What's the square root of 121?"
Sherlock let his jaw drop in false indignation. "Don't be absurd. You said she would swallow it. I said she would find it, and she did."
John breathed slowly through his nose and held it a moment before exhaling and responding. "OK. You know what I know
John looked up and of course, Sherlock was right. He punched him in the shoulder, laughing in spite of himself. "You arsehole!"
Trying valiantly to remain dispassionate in his analysis of the facts, Sherlock decided that John falling out of love with him was one possible conclusion. He cast his deductions farther, outside of 221b, to determine whether it was the only one.
She broke the kiss long enough to tug at his shirt, pull it over his head. He reached for the 3 remaining buttons on Molly's shirt and pushed it off her shoulders. Grabbing her tits, he kissed her jaw, biting and sucking down her neck before running a tongue down her cleavage, dipping under her bra to swipe over her nipple.
been romantic between them, although they had explored their feelings (and bodies) ages ago, before Sherlock met John. It had been fun, and sweet, and clarifying. They loved each other, they discovered. That didn’t change the fact that Sherlock’s need for danger and adrenaline was incompatible with Molly’s need for stability. Add to that Sherlock’s strong, if not exclusive, preference for men, and they’d realized within two weeks that they were nothing more or less than dear friends, and both considered the experiment a raging success. Molly was jealous when Sherlock and John met, and at first that worried her. She had never felt a moment’s regret over their friendship, or the slightest bit of jealousy over Sherlock’s previous dates, but when John first entered the picture and she saw how much he and Sherlock meant to each other, envy temporarily consumed her. She eventually confided in Greg, who responded with a laugh. “I don’t want either one of them, but I want what they have. Googly eyes and all. Just, y’know, with someone else.”
John held his gaze, mischief in his eyes, but did as Sherlock asked. He licked gently at him, and his eyes softened from mischief into tenderness as Sherlock's breathing steadied and John returned his mouth. They maintained eye contact, and John's eyes turned pleading after a time. "It's OK," Sherlock murmured, running his fingers through John's hair. "It's going to be OK." He rubbed at John's eyelids, erasing all traces of the extra moisture that had gathered there, and brushed his long fingers across his face. A few minutes later, he whispered a warning, and John pulled away, stroking him through his climax.
Molly was trembling now, her heart racing as she hooked a leg around him for leverage. He kissed down her neck again and slipped his hands under her thong. Molly silently screamed as he circled a few times before pressing a finger inside of her. Adrenaline was coursing through her and she could no longer tell if it was panic or arousal that had her heart racing. She moaned, rocking against his finger, and he panted against her. "Christ, you're drenched. So fucking hot."
Molly closed her mouth over the hard, rather large cock in front of her, chasing away the voice in her head. Caramel Voice threaded his fingers in her hair and thrust deeply -- not enough to hurt her, just enough to make her feel used. Molly's clammy hands slipped over his cock as she attempted to work the shaft as she all but swallowed the head. He started panting and cursing above her, and Molly felt -- for a moment -- proud, that she still could be used like this. He fucked into her mouth and his thrusts grew sloppy. He thrust too hard and too quickly, gagging her. He whispered an apology and then groaned a warning before coming against her now-sore throat.
John's voice, growling in her ear. "Say it again." Molly rubbed her thighs together, trying for some friction.
"I've lived," he reminded the older man. "Tell me how you want to come." John hesitated, and Sherlock pulled back, looking him in the eye. "You're desperate for something."
"Imprecise," Sherlock muttered, turning his eyes back toward the book. "It's your choice, but moving out is illogical." He paused for a moment and John quirked a questioning eyebrow at him. "It's an ideal arrangement."
Sherlock gasped a breath, eyes gleaming, when John released him. "Red," he panted. "Or I'll tap if I can't talk."
John coughed on his drink again as Sherlock reached up to grab the dancer's breast. "Oh, shit, he's gonna get bounced."
, John. This is not my first time with an atypically sized penis. I am not submitting to a humiliating examination simply to ease your mind."
John flinched, and Sherlock's face became stony, as though he was determined not to let some fragile emotion bubble to the surface. John decided to stay on point. "Well, no more 9.66-inch cock for you until you're cleared."
After a few minutes, Sherlock turned into a particularly mournful note and stopped mid-downstroke. "I didn't hear you come in."
Leaning forward, Sherlock eased one of John’s knees to rest on his shoulder, and reached between them. John’s eyes popped open and he pumped into Sherlock’s fist with a grateful moan. He quivered and moaned beneath Sherlock, feeling his orgasm build and crash over him, crying out in near-pain as the first convulsion ripped through him. The second wave was pure pleasure, and he arched into it, feeling himself clench around Sherlock as he covered them in long ropes of come. A deep, pleasant buzz filled his body as the last waves crashed over him, and he smiled, laughing lightly as he lifted his hips to Sherlock lazily.
John laughed. “It’s not idiotic! And no, of course not. I’m just … ready. The date is pure serendipity.”
As soon as he walked in, call Molly spotted him. "Oh my God," she murmured. "Sherlock actually found him."
As if on cue, her door opened with a swift knock and her nurse entered, bearing a cup of cafeteria coffee. Not what she had meant by a drink, but beggars can't be choosers. "You are an angel from heaven," Molly said reverently, reaching out for the warm cup.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's too-thin waist, running his hands soothingly up his back. "It's OK, love. We had a fight, but we're OK." He lifted his face to brush gentle lips against Sherlock's before running a hand up his spine to pull his head closer. John slid a soft tongue in and licked gently against Sherlock's mouth, caressing every part of it. Sherlock tilted his head slightly to change the angle, deepening the kiss, and their tongues tangled, the kiss quickly becoming frantic. John clutched Sherlock tighter, swirling his tongue against him, determined not to break away first. Finally, Sherlock pulled back for a gasp, and John pressed soft kisses to his long neck. Sherlock shifted his weight, pressing their hips closer together, and they both chuckled. John pulled back then, reluctantly, and glanced down at their burgeoning erections. "We should probably stop."
"No!" Sherlock protested, a bit more loudly than was strictly necessary. John chuckled and Sherlock took the opportunity to dart his tongue into his mouth. He wriggled his body closer to John, running his hands up and down his back as their tongues and lips tangled. John sat back, coaxing Sherlock onto his lap. Somehow, Sherlock managed to tuck his long legs around John and slither his body closer. He leaned his forehead against John's, stroking his face with long fingers. "I'm sorry," Sherlock half-whispered.
Sherlock pulled with his legs again. "More." He pulled John down for a frantic kiss, but John seemed reluctant to move. "Please, John. That felt
ashamed. Although he'd endured few instances of harassment over his sexuality -- his personality seemed to offend people on a much grander scale -- it had happened a few times. Once, the perpetrator had even tried to get handsy with him, shoved him against a wall and moved to yank at his belt buckle.
John leaned in for a soft kiss, nesting Sherlock's lower lip between both of his. "Thank you." He tilted his head, not deepening the kiss but increasing the closeness of it.
The words twisted in Sherlock's belly, wiping away his objectivity, but he kept a relaxed, supportive smile on his face. “That must’ve been quite the scandal.”
John considered which was the least horrifying of the possible outcomes. Either Sherlock could have very vivid memories of an apparently spectacular lay, or John could feel awkward while Sherlock grew more confused. "Best not. You'd probably just deduce it again, anyway. And this way, you know, so you won't be taken off-guard if it happens again." Sherlock nodded his agreement and John fled the room the moment the conversation was over.
.  I grieved losing you like I grieved losing him, and I was just as scared of losing you a second time. The difference is that when I was ready to risk it, you were ready, too. We were both scared, but you were in it with me, and that time we jumped together.”
She walked up to the bar and ordered a tequila slammer. As she waited, she tried to look around seeming too conspicuous. This was a more rowdy pub than the one she had gone to with Sally, closer to a club atmosphere. She would have preferred an actual club, but didn't have the right clothes at John and Sherlock's. This place was still a smallish, and comfortable – – there were some booths with cushy bench seating, and while the music playing was a clubby mix of R&B, hip-hop, and top 40, it wasn't played at such a loud volume that it was impossible to hear the person right next to you.
Sherlock returned his eyes to John’s shoulder, allowing his fingers to trace the edges. “Would you let me lick it?”
Sherlock looked up from the body, hoping to find some clues as to his purpose here, when his eyes landed on the owners. The taller of the two men was standing, arms crossed, eyebrows furrowed, staring directly at John. He recognized him, or thought he did, and whatever the connection between them, it was unpleasant, because now he was whispering furiously at his husband and they were both staring at him in shock. Anderson was standing up from his position beside John, about to go talk to the couple, and they looked up at him with interest. The taller of the man was already opening his mouth furiously –
John smiled drunkenly up at him, and Sherlock dropped another kiss to his mouth. John nosed at his ear, kissing at Sherlock’s jaw, and Sherlock huffed a quiet laugh before gently pulling out. John sucked a breath between his teeth, and Sherlock winced. “Sorry,” he murmured, kissing John’s eyebrow. John pushed against him gently, and Sherlock fell to his side, reaching into the bedside stand for a handkerchief and mopping up his and John’s bellies hastily.
Warmth spread through Sherlock’s whole body and he smiled a small, pleased smile as he reached his hand across the small table to clasp John’s. It’s not as though they had ever hidden, but John had always been particular about maintaining their privacy. He spared a glance for the woman with the phone; she was texting furiously, no doubt tweeting out a picture. His small, pleased smile grew into a large, proud one. “You do surprise me,” he murmured, squeezing John’s hand in silent thanks.
Molly just barely contained the urge to roll her eyes. "Well, at the moment, it's your lips." She let her gaze drop to his mouth and smiled. "Gorgeous smile, beautiful lips. But I reserve the right to change my answer, depending on where the night takes us." She flicked her eyes down his body than back up.
Molly swallowed, resisting the urge to retch, and after a moment he untangled his hands from her hair and  she pulled off of him with a pop. He helped her to her feet and wiped her lower lip with a giggle. Molly retrieved her top from the grimy floor and pulled it over her head has he tucked himself away and re-fastened his jeans. She stumbled a bit as she pulled her top into place and he reached out to steady her. She looked up at him.
his cock with the same single mindedness with which he examines patients. He felt the heat in his belly spread suddenly and there was no stopping it. He cried as the world compressed around him and he gulped in raggedy breaths.
Smirking, Sherlock flicked his wrist the way he knew John liked. His Adan's Apple bobbed audibly but he didn't move or make any noise. Hmm. Sherlock settled in to play, varying the pressure and speed of his strokes, paying intense but fleeting attention to his frenulum and corona and making sure everything stayed slick with pre-come.
Needing something to do, John made his bed, pulling it into military creases as he mulled over what had just happened. It's not that he'd never imagined being with Sherlock in that way, but to come into his room, his safe space, and just take what he needed from him? He'd have to buy a deadbolt for his door; Sherlock knew how to pick the lock on the doorknob. He pulled the duvet tight and smoothed his pillow, making sure there were no wrinkles. Sherlock was a naive guy, in many ways; John thought he had less intended to take advantage of him than he had not thought outside his own perspective to consider how John might feel. He decided to hop in the shower, to wash Sherlock off of him before going downstairs. He scrubbed himself, distracting his thoughts into making sure every part of him had been properly scrubbed and rinsed, until the raging in his head quieted and he was able to breath properly again. He toweled off brutally and changed into fresh lounge clothes before finally facing Sherlock.
John angled his body toward Sherlock, whose eyes snapped to him immediately. John held his gaze for a moment, then dropped it to those plush lips, leaning forward a bit. He glanced up, pausing slightly, making sure he was welcome, then closed the distance between them. The kiss was slow, exploratory. Sherlock's lips were soft, pliant, and parted easily along with John's. He tasted of tequila and bourbon and faintly of an hours-hold smoke. His tongue was playful, curious, intent on discovering all of John's favorite things.
Sherlock was grinding against him now, and John distantly recognized the sound of Marc catcalling them. He rolled his hips in response, lust wrapping around him, spiking through him, and suddenly the thought of making Sherlock feel good was too much to handle. After a moment, John pulled away and they laughed breathlessly. Holding Sherlock's gaze, John rolled his hips invitingly through the last verse.
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't think much about that time of my life." They laid quietly, and Sherlock rolled toward John again, scanning John's face. "You've never been sexually assaulted; your distress is from your time in the Army. You've seen men and women fall apart too many times." John held his gaze, smiling faintly. Sherlock cocked his head, looking suddenly anxious. "I'm not wrong, am I?"
“No.” Sherlock rolled and looked at the ceiling. “Logically, I know it’s insignificant. I know you think it doesn’t matter, but I’d rather you weren’t the person I was fumbling through it with. I find myself consumed with—”
John stirred, stil asleep, and cuddled closer, squeezing Molly's breast and running a thumb absently over her nipple, teasing it hard. He slotted his hips against her bum. "Hel-lo!" Molly exclaimed, freezing.
Molly considered that for a few moments. “That’s would fit,” she admitted. She knocked back her whisky, and washed the glass in the sink. Nodding her goodnight to the boys, she climbed the stairs wearily and collapsed into bed without undressing.
he thought ruefully, thankful that John was holding his head up. The doctor seemed to notice and slowly extricated himself, resting Sherlock back against his pillow before letting go of his head.
John stayed, of course. He still bought the milk, and made the tea, and they tiptoed around each other, each trying to find new boundaries.
Greg smiled broadly. "Did my good deed for the day, then. Happy to help out with anything in that vein again." He sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed and began pulling on his clothes. "Best get going, have loads of paperwork to get to tomorrow."
Two days later, Sherlock woke to the sound of John quietly closing the door to their flat and making his way down the stairs and out into the world. He rolled over and looked at the clock. 6:55am. He stretched, his muscles aching against the stress of having passed out on the sofa again. Stumbling to the kitchen to put the kettle on, Sherlock’s brain began to fire and he started forming theories about where John had gone. It was too early to be headed to a therapy appointment, and he hadn’t mentioned working today.
Sherlock rolled to face him, placing a hand on John’s hip and pulling him in to rut against his pants-clad pelvis. The quip he had been about to make died in his mouth and John cringed as a look of shock passed over his features. “Is there perhaps an aubergine in your pants, John?”
He was still analyzing the data when John trudged up the stairs to the flat, hung his coat by the door, and slumped wordlessly on the sofa. Sherlock observed carefully without appearing to as he slouched next to John and pressed a kiss to the side of his head. "How was work?"
Sherlock tried to look nonchalant, but John could tell he was anxious. "By that definition, 227 men and 12 women. If we're only counting penetrative sex, far fewer; 88 men and 9 women."
John's thought stuttered as Sherlock rolled his nipples in time with a swirl of his tongue. "Better. Is it ... it's 11, right? Yeah, 11."
Sherlock rolled onto his back, considering at the ceiling. "The data was compromised." John thought about this for a long moment but turned to him in confusion. Sherlock spoke quietly. "I'd had sex approximately an hour before, with his dealer." He stared determinedly at the ceiling, cheeks flushed as shame washed over him. John filled in the blanks about how they'd acquired the drugs and it occurred to him that the man must've known Sherlock had been cash-strapped. Next, it occurred to him that Sherlock would have been perfectly capable of coming to the same conclusion had he wanted to think about it. He decided to end the line of questioning.
.” It was almost a question, but he suddenly felt certain. John’s eyes crinkled again, and Sherlock knew he was smiling without looking down to check. “You wanted to see me. You didn’t want to fuck. You wanted to … you wanted to watch me.” Sherlock pulled John in for a kiss, hungry and giddy. “I’m sorry, John. I’m an idiot.”
John grasped Sherlock by the hair and plunged deeply into his mouth, gagging him. "Shit, sorry," John murmured, and backed off a couple of inches. He thrust into Sherlock's mouth and started chanting strings of profane praise. "God, you amazing fucking gorgeous creature, you look perfect with your lips wrapped around my cock, feels fucking amazing -- shit, sorry, got carried away -- feels so fucking good ..."
Sherlock pulled his underwear over his hips. “I’ve no idea what you’re on about,” he said, not quite meeting John’s eyes.
Half an hour later, John took another long pull on his beer and glanced over at his boyfriend again. Sherlock still looked pretty gay, he thought, but possibly just because he knew him. He seemed to have tipped and leered enough to get the dancer to approach him.
Sherlock shrugged. "It was not a completely inaccurate descriptor." He tried to sound flippant, as though it didn't matter, but John could see that he was ashamed.
Chris leaned in to murmur conspiratorially in his ear. "They won't let you near the stage after having this many. I couldn't let you abandon me to face all the creeps alone." His warm breath tickled John's ear and he shivered a bit.
he thought distantly. But John knew he was enjoying the dance more than Sherlock was. In fact, it suddenly occurred to John that the dance might be partially for his own benefit. Kylie leaned in, rubbing her breasts against Sherlock's chest and gyrating expertly against him. Sherlock leaned forward in response to her, murmuring in her ear for a moment. Now the bouncers were watching carefully, thinking of advancing, but Kylie dismissed them with a subtle shake of her head.
Sherlock's body was light, free. He felt as though he was about to float away, but then there was the reassuring pressure of John's hands on his face, gripping his shoulder. Sherlock opened his eyes and the man floated above him, eyes darting wildly, deft fingers probing his throat, his spine, his neck. Sherlock felt certain that he was floating away, that all that was real and anchoring him to the earth was John. And so, when John carefully tilted Sherlock’s head, fingers investigating skull, Sherlock lifted it another centimeter or two and brushed his lips against John's.
She was still shivering against him. "Made a mistake," she murmured through clenched teeth. "Acted like a complete…" She swallowed, shuddering. "And then suddenly I realized what I was doing, and I wanted him off but…"
Sherlock switched nipples. "All the jumpers and blazers to hide them. You always wear vests, tight ones. And I noticed that when you run they are always hard.” He sucked and nibbled and swirled at them until John started rutting against him, begging for relief. Sherlock thought of John rutting against his war buddy, perhaps panting in his ear as he was spread open under him, and all his thoughts became hazy.
Fingers slid under her thong and dipped inside her cunt. "Mmm, boys, she is dripping wet. Here, taste what a little slut you are." Sally's finger slid in her mouth and Molly sucked them eagerly.
Sherlock sipped his wine more slowly, the the knot of anxiety and anticipation in his chest gradually loosening. "Why did you do that?"
Sherlock ran as fast as he dared, but shortened his long strides so John could keep pace. Sherlock shot a panicky glance at the shorter man, the one the Moriarty knew to use against him. His heart hammered in his chest, breathing difficult, despite the fact that Sherlock knew from experience that he could run another 2 kilometers before he would begin to feel exerted. John slipped on some gravel, and Sherlock gripped his arm tightly, pulling at him desperately. "We have to keep moving, we need to be another 25 meters aw–"
“Making me work for it tonight, eh?” he teased, licking over Sherlock’s carotid. He sucked a kiss there, just a hint of teeth, which usually set Sherlock to making the kinds of noises that used to embarrass him. Tonight, nothing. Switching sides, John nibbled his way down his throat, then licked back up it to catch his mouth in a sloppy kiss. Still nothing. John closed his lips, pecking at his neck once before pulling back and looking up at him in curiosity. “Whatever’s on your mind must be serious,” he said, voice light, still teasing. John pulled him to the bed, crawling in after him.
, he corrected. The first ones since the Serbians had mutilated him. John was teasing him, fingertips millimeters from his skin, and the waiting, the uncertainty of when or where or if the next touch would come, flooded Sherlock with a familiar jolt of panic that overwhelmed the exhilaration. He spun around, tripping a bit on the trousers that were pooled at his ankles, and sucked in a quick breath.
John's face underwent a quick series of changes; first his eyebrows arched in surprise, the sank in pity, the furrowed in worry. "Sherlock. How often did you make
John surveyed Greg for the first time since Sherlock rolled away and grabbed his dick when he saw splashes of come on his face and belly. He stroked himself firmly,
He grinned, handing her the new cocktail. Molly took a generous sip. Her blood felt like it was singing, now, and recklessness and daring surged through her.
She was certain she would. They had all long ago learned to place their trust in Sherlock when they played. He sometimes pushed people to their limits, but had yet to go past them.
John slowly sipped on a beer as he watched Sherlock charm the literal pants off an exotic dancer. Sherlock had thought he might have to audition as a dancer for their cover and had come in dressed head to toe in leather, looking breathtakingly gay. After setting one foot inside the club, they'd rushed to the restroom to shed the jacket and vest. "It's called Woody's, for the love of God!" he exclaimed, fussing with his hair to calm it down a bit.
John gave him a long look and shook his head. "Mood's shot for tonight, I'm afraid. Try me again after you find the kidnapper tomorrow."
After a moment, John exhaled through a smile. “It’s all good, Sherlock. Have you got a condom? If we don’t do this soon I’m not going to make it.”
So instead, he went back to John's room, opened the closet, and set the fur on top of the dresser that contained all the other things he wished to put away for awhile. This used to make him anxious, leaving things in his Mind Palace, letting things go unresolved. But now, it was a comfort; he knew he could always find his way back here if he needed to.
A week passed, and John had been right: the fuzzyheaded, distant sensation had eventually faded.  Molly had already been scheduled for a few days off, and then she called in for another two days at John's insistence so her arm could heal. On the fifth day, Molly forced herself out of bed, letting the hot spray of the shower slowly coax her into alertness. The bruises on her arm and hips were yellowed and fading, and the sharp anxiety had finally given way to numbness. She was still staying with John and Sherlock, but Sherlock’s hovering was growing tiresome. After toweling off and getting dressed, Molly twisted her hair into a long plait and considered her appearance.
Molly broke in and said that she preferred John do it to going to her own workplace to report a rape. John sat beside her. "I can do that, if we go to the surgery. But if I'm providing actual medical services to you, not just helping a friend out, I need to call the police. You don't have to talk to them, but I have to call. I
Sherlock looked over, smiled at Steve and then froze as his eyes slid over to John. After a moment, he continued over, his posture straightening and face shifting to its familiar cool indifference. John knew his face must look stricken; seeing Sherlock go back to his hard, icy persona was doing something weird to his insides. Sherlock approached them, shoulders stiff, neck straight. "Steve. John."
fucking lousy." John didn't argue. A long silence fell between them, and Sherlock thought over John's words. "It does bother you, though."
Molly swatted his hands aside, pulling at his belt buckle and tipping her head up for an urgent kiss as she unfastened his button and zipper. Taking a deep breath and attempting to steady the spinning room, she reached inside to grasp his quickly-hardening cock. He groaned and let his head thunk against the door as she stroked him to aching hardness. He raised his head again when she stopped, and held her gaze as she dropped to her knees.
John froze in the middle of investigating Sherlock’s spine, seeming to decide whether to deny it or not for a moment before pulling back, a smile playing at his lips. "You kissed me,” he contradicted, “Although, I have that effect.” They grinned at each other. “Would that make you Sleeping Beauty?"
Then John tilted his head and deepened the kiss. Sherlock's breath caught for the smallest of seconds and then his hands were on John's collar, pulling him closer, urging him on, and they were
The next 24 hours passed predictably, with John apologizing to colleagues when Sherlock verbally abused them, attempting to keep the genius confined to his bed with moderate success, and keeping an eagle eye on the morphine pump that Sherlock kept convincing the nurses he still needed. Finally, John and Dr. Kent agreed that Sherlock, and the other patients, would rest better when he home.
-- go back to pining after him. It had been that sentiment that had blinded him to what John really was. Yes, he was kind and brave and good, but he was also dark and dangerous.  His bow began to skip across the strings, and Sherlock's thoughts danced along with the music. There had been signs that John had a darker side to him, but he'd overlooked them. The reticence to discuss Harry's coming out; shooting a man to protect him when they hardly knew each other; not seeming to feel much conflict over killing a man. That was not normal. That was something
The film started and at first, Sherlock merely huffed his contempt and whispered complaints. ("How could they possibly be in Belarus when the cars are driving on the left side of the road?") John ignored him, aside from the occasional sidelong glance to his cross figure. Finally, Sherlock seemed to be unable to take it any longer. "There is no possible way for the motorcyclist to go flying like that, the vehicle wasn't moving anywhere near quickly enough!" He was murmuring, but his deep voice carried, and a couple in the row ahead of them turned around to glare.
"Ah," said John, smiling awkwardly. "That explains it." He exhaled, looking up at Sherlock. "Listen, this part of your life is clearly very private, and I feel as though I'm intru--"
," cut in a very attractive man in his thirties. Behind him, Steve shrugged, not even looking apologetic. The man wrapped a hand around John's forearm, pulling him in close. "We've heard so much about you."
John ran a hand lightly up Sherlock's flank to squeeze his plush arse. Sherlock widened his stance a bit and John pushed his cheeks apart, running a thumb lightly over his opening, then dipping his head down to breathe on it. Sherlock shuddered and he began moving faster over Greg's erection.
John heard the snick of a plastic-topped bottle being opened, and then the slight pressure of Sherlock’s fingertip
Sherlock's eyes popped open and met his. "Yesssssss," he hissed, and it was all the  encouragement John needed.
Sherlock's cock hadn't been touched yet, but it was already fully erect and leaving a damp spot in the front of his trousers. John thought he must not be the only one with a bit of an exhibitionism kink. He yanked Sherlock's trousers open and pulled his cock through the slit in his pants before kneeling to lick Sherlock up and down a few times. Sherlock hummed his satisfaction and John took him properly in his mouth, twisting a hand up and down at the same time. Sherlock swore reverently above him and John felt his bollocks tighten. He pushed forward to swallow against Sherlock, squeezing the orgasm out of him until he spilled down John's throat and collapsed against the wall of the lift.
Sherlock slid his eyes over John’s body, observing his flushed cheeks, his increased respiration, and, most importantly, his renewed erection. He kept his rhythm unpredictable, alternating between slow strokes and rough thrusts at random. Then he stopped, pulling out and smirking at John’s protesting whine. He pushed John’s knees up and to the side, pinning them against his shoulders, then lined up and slid slowly inside John’s welcoming body.
Sherlock counted several heartbeats. He stared into John's face, searching for the missing piece of data that would make the world make sense again, but his mind was not functioning properly. "Who died?"
Sherlock considered denying it, or brushing the question off. John would let him, wouldn't force the issue. But the truth was simple. "Because you deserve better."
It was all working about as well as could be expected, with the two living distantly from each other in close quarters. Neither was exactly happy, but both were getting on with life.
Molly was already sure, but she understood the process and was determined to get it correct. She had them turn around,  and, quaking like a leaf, she went to stand behind him. "Have them face front again," Molly requested, and when Sally gave the order she was face-to-face with her rapist.
John squared his shoulders against the fear he could see lurking behind Sherlock's eyes. "Yes, mate. Touching someone's genitals while they're asleep without their prior spoken consent is sexual assault. Even if you think they want it, and even if it's for science." Sherlock seemed to deflate in front of him, but John soldiered through; it was important to drive this point thoroughly home. "If you ever pull something like that again, I'm moving out. I shouldn't have to deadbolt my own bedroom at night so it feels safe."
Sherlock’s breathing finally slowed, and he pulled his face back with one last kiss to each of John’s cheeks. Sensing that it was safe to resume his attention to Sherlock’s cock, and not wanting him to start thinking again, John pooled salvia at the front of his mouth and sank back down over Sherlock. He didn’t want to bring Sherlock too close to the edge again, so he kept everything soft and wet, sliding almost gently over his cock.
Sherlock nodded, his face relaxing. John kissed him again, slow and sweet. "We can talk more tomorrow. For now, why don't you record every detail of this in your mind palace and then join me in what promises to be some very sweet dreams?"
," she insisted, when Sally opened her mouth to argue. "Go, so you can finish up with Greg and get home at a reasonable hour."
Confusion was an unfamiliar and wholly unwelcome sensation. Sherlock replayed their foreplay in his mind, closing his eyes to find what he’d missed. John had been eager about sex, had initiated things tonight, in fact. He’d teased and tortured Sherlock into a state of desperation, had crooned at him about how much he loved to watch … him. Specifically,
Molly heard someone kneel beside the couch, then felt him -- didn't smell like Sally -- turn her face for a kiss. He ran his tongue against her lips and she opened for him but he kept the kiss shallow, a series of teasing flicks and nips, as he unbuttoned her blouse and trousers. He pushed the top off her shoulders and she sat up to wriggle out of it.
John swung his legs over the side of the bed and headed to the kitchen, so Sherlock decided to go to the loo for a wash.  He privately took stock of his body. He was sore, although he could tell he would be in much worse shape in the morning. When he caught his reflection in the mirror, he smirked at himself. His hair was wild, his skin still slightly flushed, and his neck, chest, and ears were covered in little bite marks and bruises. Considering how gingerly he would be walking the next day, it was going to be perfectly obvious to everyone what they'd got up to. Sherlock vowed to take any case higher than a 3.
He was having to redirect his cock quite a lot, though, as John kept letting quiet moans and groans and sighs slip out as Sherlock slowly ran his hands over his well-muscled back. When he realized the only tight muscles left were John's glutes, Sherlock willed himself to maintain his cool detachment and worked on massaging them. It didn't work, so he settled for carefully keeping his hips off of John's body as he felt John's arse quiver and go limp under his fingers. Eventually, he lifted off and instructed John to roll over with a nearly bored intonation.
Sherlock absorbed those last few sentences, guilt and shame and horror washing over him. “John, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. When I jumped … I didn’t know.” He shook his head, blinking back tears. “Little wonder you punched me.”
Another steadying breath. “I was studying to be a doctor, Sherlock. I couldn’t … Dad knew I couldn’t be a doctor with that on my record. So he said that it’d been him, and he was charged with another DUI and a few other things. He did a short stint in lockup, paid a ton of fines. He never told anyone.” He dropped his gaze to his hands, afraid to look up and see Sherlock’s face. “Anyway, things were weird with my Dad after that. He would halfway mention it around other people, always threatening me with what could happen if people found out. One day shortly after he got out of lockup, he told me that I needed to get this –” He paused, deciding how much to edit. “—gay business owner out of the neighborhood where he worked. Business was slow and he got it in his head that it was because no one wanted to come there with the ‘queer store’ two doors down. Told me I had to do it.”
Sherlock studied the man’s face and something very improbable clicked into place. “We are not here to discuss personal matters between you and my partner. Clearly your personal trainer has been poisoned. Anderson – God help you – will arrange for all the appropriate evidence collection. I’ll see that all the relevant information gets to DI Lestrade.”
As Molly quaked around him, body arched as she keened in ecstasy, Sherlock gentled his thrusts. He looked up to see John circling Molly's peaked nipple with his tongue and heat spiked through his groin. He held Molly's hips and bit his lower lip as he rushed to meet his pleasure.
In the morning, Molly drank a glass of water from the bathroom sink to chase away her cotton mouth before brushing her teeth and showering. Her throat felt a bit raw, her knees a bit sore. She grimaced at her reflection.
John felt his stomach flip over, but he held Sherlock’s gaze. One of them needed to be brave. “Not at all.” He hesitated for just a moment before he threaded his fingers between Sherlock’s. Sherlock’s eyes widened, but John just squeezed his hand reassuringly, and smiled. “Problem?”
Sherlock tugged at his belt, fumbling a bit with the button, feeling a bit dazed at the rush of sensations. John was still behind him and his skin prickled, long-dormant nerves crackling to life with the anticipation of another touch.
Sally snorted. "Of course you're not fine. Why the fuck would you be fine? You'll get there, for sure. You deal with much worse than this on a daily basis, the worst of the horrors. So yeah, eventually, you will get on with life and be happy and everything won't be so fucking hard on the time. But, it's going to take time."
John's warm hand squeezed his shoulder affectionately and nudged him over to make enough space so he could carry Sherlock's bag in with him and close the door. "It was weird here without you. I nearly asked Molly to get some eyeballs for the counter."
"Nope." Sherlock's lips popped on the word, then started ghosting kisses along his ear. "Tell me what you really want."
, John’s mouth dropping open and choking out a surprised, aroused cry. “Mmm, you like that,” he said, returning to his slow, gentle rhythm for 7 more hip rolls before fucking hard into him twice.
experience?" As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he wished he could recall them. They had never discussed exact numbers but Sherlock's personality being what it was, John assumed that his opportunities had been limited. Which was totally fine; John genuinely didn't care about Sherlock's sexual past. It was a sign of how angry and embarrassed he was that he was shaming Sherlock for his relative inexperience.
Tea was sitting on the coffee table and Sherlock was sitting in his wingback chair, crease furrowing his brow but sitting straight up in it. He might've looked to be waiting comfortably if he wasn't absently rubbing a thumb over the seam on the seat cushion. Seeing John notice, he frowned and moved his hand to rest on his knee, watching as John sunk into the chair opposite him. "You've already showered this evening," Sherlock observed.
Shaking herself, Molly took a long sip of horrid coffee and began reviewing lab reports. Once again, it was an effort to stay focused but she eventually got through it. Time passed without her noticing and she only realized the hour when Mark knocked hesitantly and entered with some more lab results. Molly was overly polite, trying to make up for her outburst. They discussed the biopsies and planned their cases for the following day.
They were walking out of the building, John's laptop clasped in front of his body to hide the wetness of his trousers, when John turned to Sherlock. "Was any of that true?"
This was literally true. Just 2 weeks prior, Sherlock spent a full hour worshiping John's neck as he blindly explored his chest, nipples, belly, and hips before bringing him off with a leisurely hand job. Anderson commented on the dark bruises at a crime scene two days later, asking about John's new girlfriend. Sherlock had practically preened when John corrected him, then looked mildly disappointed  when Donovan and Lestrade commented that it had been obvious for the past month.
Molly didn't know exactly what triggered it. The Irish tunes then comforting at first, made her think about a time in her life when she felt safe and secure and loved. Then, at some point during the mournful last song, she had realized that she would never feel secure in that same way again. She hadn't had a child's sense of safety for quite some time, of course, especially with her job being what it was. But she had not felt properly safe since her rape, and she was only just now realizing how much that fear was affecting her. She hugged her knees to her chest, and rested her chin on top of them. Molly hadn’t cried since she’d been raped, but she found that after her exhausting day she simply did not have the energy to hold them in. She rolled her head, pressing her cheek to her knees so that Sherlock wouldn’t see the tears that were slowly rolling down her face. The fear and grief she’d been holding at bay for five days pressed down on her, forcing a sob out of her chest, and suddenly she had no control over her tears at all.
"I'm picky," John quipped, turning around to pluck at Sherlock's shirt buttons. "How'd you know it wasn't a one-off?"
The words rang in her ears all the time. It was good to hear them spoken aloud again. She felt dirty, humiliated hearing him say them in front of the others, and that swooped low in her belly in a way it ought not to. And seeing him humiliated and knowing she had done it felt fucking amazing. Molly's hands were rock-steady now. "It's him," she said to Sally. "Number 3."
Sherlock observed. Sally was angry, most probably with him for his remark at the crime scene the day before. John was torn between wanting to get off and wanting to cancel everything because of the stupid blindfold. Greg was watching Sally's fingers getting sucked with great interest. Molly was itching for rough handling tonight, was already humming against Sally's fingers. "Somebody shut her up," he said coldly.
There it was. Illogical and sentimental, but the truth. John understood Sherlock. Working with him was comfortable, and beneficial, and what he liked. He could walk away, go back to doing the work with his skull for a sounding board, but it would be a loss. Things wouldn't be the same, but they could still
"No, no," she reassured. "I just have to go." She swept out of the flat without checking for his reaction. She clambered down the stairs on shaky legs and rushed to the main road, praying for a taxi and managing to hail one after only a few minutes.
Sherlock smiled and turned out the lamp. They rolled over and curled up, breathing in Greg's scent on the sheets and falling into a loose-limbed sleep.
He set his beer on the bar and hummed in mock concentration. "I can't decide if my favorite part is your gorgeous cheekbones, your beautiful smile, or your cute nose."
"Yes, but that's normal for you," Sherlock said dismissively. "I've always been able to deduce what my partners want and have never given a toss for anyone's sexual past before. I don't understand what happened. I wanted you so badly but I really wanted it to be not just satisfactory, but perfect. I read you all wrong and almost ..." His eyes were prickling and he looked away.
“I do,” Sherlock insisted, immediately. His body was taut, and he laid statue still. His face warred with itself for a moment before he took a breath and plunged forward. “I’ve always wanted to try.”
She thought about how things could pan out. If she waited until she was totally comfortable to start dating someone, it could be months, maybe a year or more before she got laid. She had gone that long before, but she couldn't help but feel that this was different; this was hiding from her sexuality, as if all penises had magically become weapons. She thought that if she waited until she knew she was ready, like Sally suggested,  sex would become this Big Thing, a special milestone that it didn't deserve to be.
Sherlock looked at John again. "I think when you do try bottoming you will see that it's merely one more way for people to make each other feel good. And sure, eventually I would like to be able to do that with you, but there are LOADS of things I would like to do with you that we haven't done yet. Don't overinflate the importance of this one specific sex act."
John obliging spread his thighs, closing his eyes and tipping his head back when Sherlock took his cock in his mouth. "Are you saying you like it when I act a bit slutty?"
Sherlock's face quirked in confusion. "No, John. It's for us." He leaned in for a quick, dirty kiss. "And for science, of course."
"This is me," he said, opening the door and letting her in first. "Straight up the stairs, apartment 22." Molly held the railing and climbed up, letting her hips sway as she ascended, knowing her arse was at his eye level.
Sherlock bit down, marking his neck before smoothing it with the flat of his tongue. John gasped and wriggled, obviously pleased. He raked his fingernails down Sherlock’s back and Sherlock shivered, the sensation overwhelming his last bit of control. Pushing up on his hands, he shifted his knees forward a bit, pulled back, and thrust firmly inside John, whose eyes rolled back in his head. “Like that?” Sherlock teased, his voice husky with lust.
She patted Sherlock's face tenderly. "Don't worry, I'll be careful. I remember what Sally said, and I'll take a taxi both directions. No walking tonight. It's just a couple drinks with Sally." This was a bald faced lie and they both knew it, but it seemed kinder to say that than the truth.
Was John preoccupied? Troubled? Had there been bad news, or a nightmare, or a flashback, and Sherlock had missed it? He thought not, but he checked John's emails, blog, and social media accounts to be sure. Nothing. Suspiciously little, actually; he'd liked a few pictures on Instagram last week, and had responded to a few Facebook posts he'd been tagged in, but had otherwise been as quiet online as in person. He was drinking a bit more than normal, but nothing concerning. He wasn't limping, hadn't touched his gun, wasn't showing signs of fear or anxiety. Sherlock was hard-pressed to identify any particular emotional state, actually. John was simply
A stab of white-hot rage shot through Molly and she concealed it, but only just. No one gave a damn about her arm. John was wondering if poor, fragile, helpless Molly was ready to face the real world yet. She took a deep breath, held it for a moment, and breathed out the worst of her anger. John was trying to be kind. “I mostly spend my days with dead people, John. It’ll be fine. I can’t hide in your room forever.”
Careful not to kick Sherlock in the face, he turned to retrieve lube from the bedside stand and tossed it at Sherlock before sitting back down on his chest, this time facing the other way. He tucked his knees under him and leaned forward to grasp Sherlock’s erection. He was just pulling back the foreskin to tongue at the head when he felt Sherlock’s tongue swiping along the inside of his cheek. “
Sherlock waited, and John sat back, observing Sherlock for a moment before gently pulling his hand away from the crook of his elbow, where he had been unconsciously hiding his old scars. John pressed a kiss there, and straightened up. "Why does it bother you so much?"
Sally looked at her warningly. "Take your time. Look at everybody. Be VERY sure, because getting this wrong would really screw you."
Molly nearly choked on a kernel of corn in her haste to respond. "God, YES. That is exactly it. I don't feel at home in my own brain right now. I don't feel safe."
Giggling, -- Christ, he really was getting quite drunk -- John wagged a finger. "You're a devil. I guess I'll just have to take my fun right here, then, eh?" He ran a finger absently around the rim of his glass and smirked when Chris's Adam's apple bobbed in response. "The drink is fantastic, luckily." Chris's eyes watched John's tongue cushion the glass as he took another sip.
John winced. “Too soon, Sherlock.” He grew quiet, looking down at the fingers he realized he was squeezing a bit too tightly for comfort. “It was … overwhelming. I lost my head for a bit,” he admitted.
"No," John allowed. "It's not. But I feel confident that karma can do a worse number on this lunatic than the Yard would have ever been allowed to."
“Sherlock,” John pressed in for a brief, soft kiss. “There’s no one in this room except you and me.” Sherlock relaxed, and John pressed back in, kissing him long and soft and sweet, nudging their hips together for some gentle friction, but there was no urgency in it. Sherlock’s fingers found his and they tangled together, just like their limbs and tongues, giving and taking the reassurance they both so desperately needed.
“Jinx,” John murmured, sliding his hand up and down Sherlock’s cloth-covered length. He glanced down, watching as he felt Sherlock fill out and harden. “God, that’s hot.”
The fingers pulled back and smacked her across the face, hard. Molly cried out a soft moan and a cock filled her open mouth. The riding crop kissed across her thighs a few times and she heard Sherlock's voice floating at her from far away. "If you want to stop, and you can't talk, tap out. MOLLY!" A crack of the riding crop brought her to attention. "How do you safeword out if your mouth is full?" She shook her head; she'd never use it. Another crack, this time across her knuckles. Molly's yelp was muffled by cock.
Sherlock squeezed John’s foot in silent gratitude. John fell quiet, and Sherlock debated whether to continue. Was it better to get it all out at once? Quietly, gently, carefully, he spoke. "Did you know he was suicidal?"
John joined him on the couch, touching his arm gently. "If you traded sex for drugs, I'm very concerned. How many people are we talking?"
Sherlock held out a hand to pull John to his feet, spinning him around and rubbing his cock between his cheeks, biting kisses on his shoulders. Sherlock's reached around to grab his cock and John glanced down to watch, but quickly looked away, neck reddening.
So they'd gone to the restaurant where he worked and had the place shut down. The manager was furious and Sherlock was absolutely delighted; he'd been kicked out of here once, back in his drug using days, and it was incredibly satisfying to return the favor. Donovan and Lestrade were there, interviewing some employees.
He nearly choked on his beer. "Truly? That's brilliant, I've always wanted to learn to fly." He looked wistful, and Molly knew she was in. "Commercial or private?"
Sherlock glanced around a few more times. "Just that one." He nodded toward a redhead whose long hair had been softly curled, spilling over impossibly perky breasts. She threw her head back to laugh at something the much-older man whose lap she occupied had said. John thought it was hard to tell her age with all the makeup. Sherlock cocked his head a bit. "Not much data to  go on, but I think she's a runaway. She's trying to look older, so if this is where the trafficking is based I think it's a coincidence. The victims we've found have had their youthful looks exaggerated with pigtails, kneesocks, and such." John's stomach turned a bit at the thought. Suddenly, Sherlock paused. "Found the queen bee. Go flirt."
job of justifying to yourself your choice to dodge real consequences. Overcoming adversity doesn't negate what you did. Vincent Tucker doesn't get to choose to not live with
Molly sighed in defeat and dragged herself through the doorway, locking it behind her. She followed Sally up the two flights of stairs to her flat, getting slower as they approached the door. Sally unlocked it swiftly, opened the door, and looked at Molly, tilting her head toward the door in invitation.
"Oh, Christ," Sherlock moaned, squeezing John's throat. "I can feel my prick through your neck." He pulled most of the way out and plunged in again, closing his eyes against the sight of it so he didn't come immediately. It was tight and hot and felt fucking
John looked confused for a half-second, then laughed. “Bloody mind reader. I told you to stop deducing me.”
Sherlock settled himself between John’s knees, dropping down for a kiss before pushing into him slowly, carefully. They rocked together, gently, no agenda in mind other than anchoring themselves to the present, to each other. Damp foreheads pressed together and lips and fingers soothed their invisible hurts, smoothing them away, leaving whispered promises in their place.
Fingers snapped in front of his face and Sherlock realized he had gone silent and still. John was looking at him with slight concern; everyone else was waiting to hear an earthshaking deduction. Sentiment was affecting the work. "He was standing at the counter when he was pushed from behind. The person who did the pushing dropped his knife -- most likely male based on the height and weight -- which slashed the victim on his back. It landed point-down and then skidded. An accident, or perhaps made to look like one. Kitchens are narrow and knives are everywhere, so everyone knows to be cautious; whomever did this was either a complete novice or was pretending to be clumsy ..."
"Oh my god," John gasped. "Just give me a second and I'll ..." he waved toward Sherlock's lap. He kissed Sherlock slowly, smiling, huffing little laughs into his mouth as aftershocks jolted through him. "Mmm, that was incredible. What do you want?" he asked as he kissed him one last time.
, Sherlock.” He pulled out, stroking himself roughly. “Do you want my come on your face or down your throat?”
expression, but Sherlock merely stared back. "Christ, you're going to make me say it. We're friends, Sherlock. Shagging changes things. Besides, I thought you were asexual."
Sherlock sat down then, on the chair opposite John’s bed, fingers steepled at his mouth. “Go on,” he said, quietly.
Leaning forward, John found the abandoned condom, swatted away the long fingers, and rolled it on Sherlock quickly before hungrily swallowing him. "Showoff," Sherlock accused as John gagged against him. The older man grinned and swirled his tongue around the long shaft, taking him in long, deep strokes. Sherlock's toes curled and he tried desperately to hold it off, make it last, but it was good, so good. He glanced down, almost against his will, and saw John absolutely
Of course, Sherlock was unable to leave it alone, because he had no bloody boundaries. When John came home from Tesco, Sherlock was sitting in his chair with a manic gleam in his eye. "John! Are most of your episodes masturbatory or partnered?"
John licked one last stripe up his shaft and stood again, pulling his wrinkled clothes back into the right spots and checking his phone for messages. "Lestrade says we should be out of here in a few more minutes." Sherlock nodded, tucking his shirt neatly into his stained trousers and retrieving his coat. "Hopefully Anthea isn't scarred for life."
John was dizzy with lust, wishing he had two more hands and another set of eyes so he could do all he wanted to do and see all he wanted to see. He spared a hand to feel Greg's lips stretched wide and wet around Sherlock's prick. John moaned, and then Greg moaned, releasing Sherlock's cock. "Fuck, Sherlock, I'm gonna come. Fuckfuckfuckfuuuuuuuuuuuuck..."
It was a long moment before John spoke. "I think that's better than forgiveness." He fingers found Sherlock's and pulled them to his mouth for a kiss. "You won't forget about that angry, scary part of me and I won't forget the part of you that is cruel and cold, and we'll call each other out when those parts try to work their way to the surface."
John shook his head. "You're not wrong." A long silence stretched between them, and John thought about something that had been niggling at him all evening. "That's the first time I've ever known you to choose to work with Sally."
“Well said.” John giggled in spite of himself, sliding his tongue under Sherlock’s foreskin until the man started wiggling in anticipation. He really laughed then. “My God, you’re impatient. Shall I get on with it, then?”
At first, the kisses were soft, tentative, just brushes against John's lips as he memorized their firmness, the sensation of John's soft breaths on his face, the spicy musk of his aftershave. From this close, he could finally determine the exact color of john's eyes -- golden-brown near the pupils and blue around the edges. They were brighter than normal just now, from the tears. He told himself to go slowly, reminded himself that John was feeling vulnerable and that there were Rules about that. Then John opened his mouth, inviting Sherlock in, and he couldn’t resist the rush he felt coursing through him.  The kiss turned into something slow and deep; Sherlock seemed to be trying to pour his soul into John, and John was happy to take it. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John's waist and pulled his body closer, rubbing soothing circles between his shoulders as John clutched at him, still slightly trembling.
Sherlock bore down, nudging John in a smidge farther. "It won't hurt once it's in. It'll be easier next time." This was probably a lie, but Sherlock was determined to give John what he wanted, and to know they'd done it at least once. Sherlock rocked his hips away and then back, not taking John any deeper but letting him move in the space he had so far. As John gently rocked into and out of him, Sherlock kept pushing himself open and bit by bit, inch by endless sodding inch, John worked his way inside and finally, blessedly, he bottomed out.
Molly snickered but obliged, reaching across John for the shirt he'd gotten out for her the night before. He looked determinedly at the ceiling as Sherlock giggled immoderately. Molly pulled it over her head. "You've seen them before," she reasoned.
Sherlock searched his face, and saw only a hint of nervousness around his eyes.  He frowned. “This isn’t a concession to this idiotic holiday, is it?”
Sherlock sighed with mock annoyance. “Yes,” he said fondly. “It seems it makes more of a difference than I hypothesized.”
John clenched his jaw to keep it from falling open and debated. It wasn't really any of his business, of course, and John wasn't a prude by any stretch. But Sherlock seemed to be waiting for the question and so he satisfied his curiosity. "How many people have you slept with? Sex, not actual sleep, of course."
John sighed tiredly, but Sherlock was completely unperturbed. "It's nothing to be defensive about. You have a perfectly average cock."
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed. “He does seem to be unusually attuned to us. Let’s hope Mycroft never discovers his gift.”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, caressing his long back as he grinned like an idiot and tipped his head up for a long kiss. After another moment of savoring their closeness, Sherlock started moving again, this time with a rhythm that made John's blood sing. Sherlock tangled their fingers again before pinning John's hands against the headboard, pushing them hard for leverage as he sank over John again and again and again. It didn't take long for the pleasure strumming in John's belly to explode out of him, leaving behind a contented buzz and a heart still filled to the brim with joy.
John pulled off reluctantly, and Sherlock slowed his movements on his arse, pressing soft, wet kisses and poking his tongue just inside of him. He was desperate for Sherlock’s hand on his prick, but he didn’t dare ask; he was too close as it was.
Sherlock sighed in frustration. John was the caretaker. When Sherlock noticed that John was too much inside his own head, he usually did something dangerous and then everything sorted itself from there, but they had just worked a ransom case that had ended with John rugby tackling a kidnapper. If adrenaline didn't fix what ailed John, Sherlock was lost.
Strewn all over the kitchen table were pages with bits of text highlighted and notes scribbled here and there. Sherlock looked up, eyes gleaming, mouth open to tell her something. Molly closed her eyes wearily without really meaning to, and when Sherlock’s voice never came, she opened them again and saw that he had closed his mouth and was observing her.
Sherlock lunged at John, slippery fingers tugging frantically at buckles, all pretense of cool indifference gone. "Are you alright?" Silence. "ARE YOU ALRIGHT??!?!?"
John gulped in deep breaths and groaned his satisfaction. "Oh my God, that was phenomenal." Sherlock stood again, grinning, and John laughed. "You've got spunk on your face, here." He wiped it and Sherlock moved quickly to suck it off his thumb. "Mmmm, you're wicked. I think I'll suck you off, now."
Sherlock stepped close, rubbing a thumb across John's cheekbone before leaning down for a slow, smoldering kiss. He pulled back, resting his forehead on John's. "What do you like?"
Sherlock shrugged as he tugged his collar back into place, covering nearly all of the marks. "No reason. It was entirely mutual." He rolled his eyes when John pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes. "Shall I just delete the whole thing, then?"
I added a tag for a reference to a past sexual assault. It's nothing graphic, but could be triggering for the wrong reader.
They got in the shower together because Sherlock was convinced John was going to fall and break his neck in there. They rubbed shampoo into each other's hair and slipped soap over each other's bodies, and many sighs and giggles and kisses later, they were clean. As John tumbled into bed and Sherlock gracefully laid beside him, he asked the question that had been on his lips all evening. "Where did you learn to dance?"
Sherlock brushed his lips against John's ear. "Hardly." He watched John stroke himself and saw his own strokes mirrored. "Don't think anyone would notice me while
The man shrugged. "A bit. I see him here probably once a month or so. He's come over to mine a couple of times. Amazing shag, like he's reading your bloody mind."
Sherlock nodded and went back to his computer, but John had a feeling he hadn't heard the last of it.
Sherlock looked simultaneously thunderstruck and slightly proud at John's deduction. He was silent for a full 30 seconds. Finally he looked John in the eye. "Did I sexually assault you?"
Sherlock commanded his long fingers to squeeze John's firmly, reassuringly. They consented to fluttering lightly, but it was enough for John. "You're going to be fine. You're at St. Bart's, took a big tumble after the blast. You were acting like a loon and they were worried you were going to seriously injure your neck, so you've been sedated for a few days." Sherlock's upper lip pulled into a sneer and John chuckled. "I know, I know, but they're going to let you wake up now if you behave yourself. Rest up so you can read me the riot act later on."
Sherlock shook his head rapidly, looking deeply uncomfortable. "No, John, nothing like that. I just ... There's an evening from before I knew you you that I can't remember."
John put a placating hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "It's all right, love. You just have to slow down. Go as far as you're comfortable, hold it there, and slowly nudge forward. Slow is sexy, yeah?" He crouched down, swirling his tongue over Greg's head before slowly sliding his cock in his mouth and then pulling back. "He won't get bored waiting. You're not bored, are you, Greg?"
His bow slowed again, and Sherlock's thoughts transitioned from rapid-fire dance to dizzy swirl. There was a lot of virtue in John and a certain
Molly nodded along, biting her lip nervously. Knowing Sherlock, he would take this new information and sniff out her attacker by day's end. Now that finding and prosecuting him was a possibility, Molly was not sure what she wanted. When if it went to trial? What if she had to testify? She spent a lot of time in court, knew all the judges and bailiffs, and the thought of them knowing about this, pitying her, made her a little bit ill. Would she be taken as seriously as an expert witness if they heard her saying things like, "He said I could take his big dick"?
, but it was good. The ring of Sherlock’s throat was so tight around his cock that it was almost painful, and Sherlock’s chin massaging his bollocks when he took him all the way in sent shivers up his spine.
Molly smiled at him awkwardly. “I’m sor—oh my God, Sherlock, your shirt!” She clasped a hand to her mouth for a moment, then reached down to wipe at it with a mostly-clean tissue.
He squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, hoping fervently that when he opened them he would awake in his bed. He opened them again and saw Sherlock's stricken face.  "Sherlock, I --"
Sherlock looked up at him, a gleam in his eye. "Do it," he said quietly. "Show me what happens to mouthy little tossers when they cross John Watson. You know you want to."
"I know, it's alright," Sherlock apologized. Well, as close as he'd get to apologizing. John would understand. "There are seven other ways we can get each other off. It doesn't matter to me." It did matter; he felt suddenly protective of John, concerned about his comfort and pleasure. Sherlock could lock his desire back in a hall closet of his Mind Palace if need be.
“Indeed.” John took a gulp of his drink, swallowing it slowly before going on. “I wasn’t there when it happened. I was back at the base, and when they brought him in …” He shook his head. “They called me in to help treat his injuries, and he was dying, Sherlock, I swore he was dying, you can’t even imagine how he looked. I panicked, God knows what I said in that moment. I’m sure everyone in there realized what was going on. One of the other doctors held my fingers to the pulse in his neck, told me to feel his heart beating and breathe with him. Then we got to work trying to keep it all going. Hours and hours of surgery. Saved his life, but if he’d been with specialists they could have saved more of his function.” His voice had turned bitter.  “He was helicoptered out as soon as he was stable. And then I had to wait for news, and listen to everyone go on about what a coward he was, and how much they hated him, and that he deserved to die. And he was just
"Right. Plus it's fucking disgusting, of course." She sipped her lager. "Never even considered reporting it, really."
Sally nodded. "Yeah, out drinking like a fish and wound up alone with someone I recognized from a class. God, I was stupid. He talked me into going to his room to play Grand Theft Auto, and then decided to get a leg over. Took a picture of me crying while he was fucking my mouth. It was a shite picture, but he had fun showing it around. Said my eyes were watering because I kept gagging."
Greg swore. Sherlock's widened. John hissed a quiet, affirming, "Yesss." And then Sherlock's lips twitched, and his eyes gleamed mischievously, and then he pulled back and went to work, taking Greg's cock deeper and deeper until he could swipe his tongue against Greg's balls.
Everything was slick from the soap, and Sherlock's muscular thighs were impossibly tight, maybe even tighter than a woman. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, sank forward again, and moaned lightly into his mouth. "Why does this feel so good?" he asked breathily between kisses. Sherlock chuckled, shrugging and rocking his hips gently in response.
Sherlock tipped his chin, pushed forward, and almost immediately gagged. He pulled off, cheeks flushed. "It's not working," he said accusingly.
,” he crooned, licking a stripe up his ear. “You give stunningly good blow jobs.” He moved down to his neck, stopping to suck another mark, this time over his pulsepoint. “You rim like a fucking porn star.” He rolled on top of Sherlock, scooting down so he was kissing Sherlock’s belly. “So while I completely sympathize with how distracted everyone has been by your
Sherlock was sweating and yanking on his curls as a counterpoint to the fire burning inside him. "Sorry, John, I'm so sorry." He was on the verge of tears.
Happiness was bubbling up inside John that had nothing to do with the large man currently grinding on him. He wasn't hoping to hook up with anyone tonight; the place just had an air of openness and celebration and possibility that felt like home. He looked up to see Sherlock watching him, joy plain on his face. They grinned at each other for a moment, and then someone brought them another round of shots.
just in time. "-- unprepared for me to want to take you that way. I would have suggested something more mutually agreeable if I'd not been caught off guard by the realization that you'd been with a man before. It affected me more than I would have expected."
Sherlock dropped to his knees, gathering saliva in the front of his mouth as he gently pulled John's cock away from his belly. He swirled a wet tongue across the leaking tip, sucking a light kiss to the frenulum, keeping it all light and teasing, trying to goad him into --
Sherlock snagged a cloth from the bathroom and tossed it to Greg. "John likes your face as it is," he mused. He circled to sit behind John, kissing his shoulder and nibbling his neck. "I didn't know you found that arousing. You can come on my face anytime you like."
An aching fondness filled his heart as he thought about this miracle who put up with all his quirks, who always protected him and shared his adventures. He pulled back again. "You're
"Good." John wiggled his hips against Sherlock's belly and gazed at him hungrily. "I'm going to fuck you into this floor."
Despite John's attempts to make the question sound unimportant and conversational, Sherlock knew that John had long suspected him a virgin, glaringly obvious evidence to the contrary, and had been dying to ask for some time. Sherlock found obsession with virginity to be petty and stupid, and so he did not dignify others' assumptions about him with a reaction. He knew the number and genders of partners he had had in the same way that he knew the number of toothpicks left in his cupboard; they were simply bits of data that his brain had collected, with no particular value or function. But he found, suddenly, that he worried rather a lot about the value John might place on the information.
The police had so far had no luck in tracking down Molly’s attacker, and neither had Sherlock. The DNA sample John collected had matched another unsolved rape case approximately a year old. The other woman had been approximately the same age and build as Molly but had met her attacker on an online dating website; he had raped her on their second date, in her apartment. The mobile numbers he gave his victims were burners, and his attempts to track the man through his IP address had been fruitless. When he and John had gone to Molly’s flat, they had found some evidence. Sherlock had confirmed Molly’s approximation of the man’s height and weight, although Sherlock had trusted her judgment on those details; she measured height and weight daily at work. He now knew that the man was unmarried, probably divorced, and likely worked a desk job. Not much to go on. After several days of dead ends, Sherlock decided to try a different strategy. He had “acquired” a transcript of all communications between the attacker and his previous victim, and Molly had forwarded him their text messages before she deleted them. Sherlock opened the file on his laptop containing all the text known to be written by the attacker, and printed it.
Sherlock's looked miserable. "It was a lot, OK? Mycroft had my accounts frozen. Can we please just leave it at that? It was a lot. The majority of my sexual encounters have been transactional."
John closed his eyes, picturing Anthea in a small security room, watching him on a monitor. "Think she's alone in there?"
Molly pulled her hair back into a ponytail, slid on her shoes, and patted the doorway fondly on her way out.
After he practically carried John into the taxi, Sherlock huffed and sneered. "You must've been getting some exciting intel if you felt it necessary to bypass flirting and go straight to seducing."
He wasn't omniscient, not quite, but he knew them all so well at this point, could read their signals so precisely, but he may as well have been. He knew that he and Sally were the only ones comfortable providing Molly with the licks of pain she craved. Knew that Molly preferred Greg for her mouth and that she liked watching John and Sally together. Dozens and dozens of unspoken truths, that he orchestrated into a cacophony of bliss.
When they arrived at the flat, John went directly to his room and closed the door without speaking a word. Shucking his coat and shoes, Sherlock poured himself a whisky and settled down to John’s computer. An hour and another whisky or two later, he pulled at his hair in frustration and slammed the laptop shut.
John didn't answer right away, waiting for Sherlock to release a particularly tight muscle spasm. "Landed the wrong way when I tackled that kidnapper. It's not that ba-ad." John's voice faltered as Sherlock found another spasm. He groaned as the muscle fluttered and relaxed. "I thought this was going to be a sexy massage."
Her breath caught in her throat. She asked Sally to have him smile, put his fist on the glass above his head. She pictured him charming her, overpowering her, wrenching her arm, pinning her to the wall. She could feel his hands on her arms, his hot breath in her face. Finally, she asked Sally to have him repeat a few phrases.
Sherlock chuckled, pressing a kiss to John’s knee. “It gets better, I promise.” He pushed forward fractionally, pausing after every tiny move forward to let John adjust, to check his comfort level. “You’re so
"Yes, I expect that's why you like it. How very caveman of you." Sherlock caressed lightly over John's sensitive nipples.
Molly felt her face heat up as Mark closed the door quietly. Once again, her rage had flooded out of her as quickly as it had come, leaving only mortification in its wake. She had never yelled at a nurse before and after all, Mark had only been worried. They worked closely and while they weren't confidants, she considered him a friend. He was a good nurse and in a morgue, it didn't take Sherlock's expertise to look at that bruise and know a man had grabbed her forcefully and immobilized her arm while she struggled to get away.
John squinted as though trying to recognize his face. "Fifteen years ago, I was at Uni, and I certainly threw a few punches. Was there a girl involved?" Vincent recoiled as though he'd been struck, and John stiffened, realizing that it sounded like he was mocking his sexuality, and Sherlock intervened.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “We definitely waited far too long to try this.” He flicked his wrist a few more times, spreading slick around. “I think you’re ready for another already.”
She shrugged, smiling teasingly. "I don't know about that. It was short-lived but we had some fun." Sally walked up behind him, eyebrows nearly disappearing into her hair as she saw him. "I'd love for you to stay and chat, but unfortunately my friend will be wanting her seat back now. Perhaps I'll see you here some other time?"
John nodded his head, agreeing. "Still, it's a bit not good. Next time ask first?" He looked up at Sherlock's tense face. "I'm not mad, love. Just don't want you to keep thinking it's better to beg forgiveness."
. John's don't-fuck-with-me voice was arousing enough without his tongue's help. He turned to catch John's lips with his own, and they kissed for a brief moment, but John pulled away and gave him a
.” Sherlock began to trace his fingers lightly over John’s pecs, making his nipples bead up. His fingers neared the mass of scar tissue on John’s shoulder and paused, sensing the subtle uptick in tension in John’s body. “Does it hurt?”
Sherlock bent down to kiss him again, sloppy and eager. John broke away as the song ended, smiling and gasping for breath. "Baker Street?"
John stopped breathing, going stiff, and Sherlock watched as he bit his lip and tried to master his features as the orgasm ripped through him. He managed not to cry out and draw attention to him, but anyone looking at that moment would have known. Thankfully, no one seemed to be looking. John started breathing again and looked over to see Sherlock's satisfied smirk. "You're a menace," he managed to gasp out quietly, just before Lestrade strode over to talk to Sherlock. John mastered his features and typed furiously.
Gradually, everyone's breathing slowed, and one by one they got up to clean up, dispose of condoms, and get dressed. Molly's eyes were sleepy but her face was light again, and her shoulders were relaxed.
Sherlock stroked John's cock firmly. "There was a small crowd in there watching, but by now Anthea would have scared them off; Probably alone. What do you think she's doing?"
Molly tucked her knees under her and turned her head to the side to welcome the slide of a cock -- John's, she thought, now -- against her tongue. She heard the other one    pop open the cap on a bottle of lube and felt the press of a thick, slippery finger against her. It pushed in and she yelped against the cock in her mouth. The finger stilled and she pushed back onto it. The slight burn was perfect, almost enough. She opened her mouth wider, relaxing her throat to take him deeper.
Sally took a swallow. "You think you might hurt yourself." She said it conversationally, as though she didn't find this weird or alarming.
a little bit easier. She was still exhausted, and thinking took a lot more effort than ought to have, but she found it's a little bit easier to reel in the rage she was feeling.
She stayed with her back against the wall next to apartment 22, and waited as he unlock the door. He grasped her by the hands and pulled her inside. Molly wrapped her hands around his neck, stared at his lips, and backed slowly toward the wall just inside the door.
"There's a good man," John purred, rubbing his cock along Sherlock's lips and cheeks, trying to school his rage and jealousy. He didn't want to fall completely into the abyss of his darker impulses, but he knew he was standing right on the ragged edge.
Sherlock unfolded John's arms, insinuating himself closer and pressing kisses to his mouth as he unbuttoned John's shirt. "Anthea's watching right now." John kissed back with a little more enthusiasm at that. Sherlock dropped his voice to a half-whisper. "Usually it's someone lower level watching the cameras, but with us stuck in here, Mycroft will have her monitor us personally. Imagine what she'll think of you, letting me get you off in a lift. The power could get turned back on at any moment and there we'd be. And next time she sees you she'll be thinking about how impressive your cock is and the expression you make when you come in my mouth."
Distantly, John remembered that he was being punished for something. He tried to look contrite, but Sherlock seemed, if anything, slightly amused. He backed way off, shimmying his hips to show off his round, naked arse, and then lowered himself to the floor and crawled back over to John.
Sherlock leaned his face into John's palm in a distinctly cat-like manner. "I regret the remark I made about you being squeamish. I respect your boundaries and our sexual encounters are the most fulfilling I've ever had. I don't know why I said it."
"Christ, that's good. Oh GOD!" He exclaimed when Greg sucked his balls into his mouth just as John flickered his tongue just inside of him. "I changed my mind. Lestrade, suck me."
After a few minutes, Sherlock shifted, arranging John so he was sitting against the headboard and then crawling on top of him, kissing John silent when he began to protest. Sherlock reached down to steady John and sank down onto him, holding his gaze and bending down for a kiss as he claimed him. John shivered, rocking up to meet Sherlock, who let out a contented sigh. "You feel incredible," he murmured against John's mouth.
A few feet away, Molly was taking one cock deep in her mouth, and another was just starting to push into her arse. Tears started to drip beneath her blindfold and she was gripped the ropes tightly. The burn in her arse was delicious, and she couldn't even scream because of the cock choking her. She pulled at the ropes, letting them bite into her wrists. It was perfect.
He swatted John's hands from his shirt, sensing he was on the verge of simply ripping it open. Fingers moving swiftly over buttons, he stripped his shirt off efficiently as he watched John shuck his jumper and T-shirt in one smooth motion, exposing a broad chest already splotchy with arousal. Sherlock tossed his shirt on the coffee table and waited.
Sherlock kicked the vent cover and tangled himself into a good sulk against the wall. Without even seeming to look at John, he sighed his annoyance. "And of course you would be aroused right now. No respect for The Work."
Greg dropped his voice in an imitation of Sherlock. "'I'm wondering whether you could assist me with a problem.'" John was clutching his ribs now, wiping tears from his eyes.
Another customer approached the bar and John took the opportunity to check in on Sherlock. He had let go of the dancer's breast and now had his hands on her frankly luscious arse. John licked his lips, swaying a bit on his stool as he reached back for his drink.
Finally, they were in John's office and Sally was there, and Molly just wanted to sleep. Was scared to sleep. Wanted to curl up next to Sherlock -- safe Sherlock, who loved her, who would never hurt her -- but the thought of him being so close made her panicky. Sally was asking her a question, and she had no idea what it was. She looked at Sherlock. His rumbling baritone was soothing. "Do you want to make a report?"
"Don't be obtuse, John. You can see that his zygoma are misaligned; at least one of them has been broken, along with his nose and possibly his eye socket. You're a doctor, for God's sake. Clearly this was not some drunken fistfight over a pub disagreement. And he was with his
John touched his arm. "Sherlock, wait. I'm sorry, love. I was way out of line mentioning that." He hated being reminded of his addiction struggles and John fucking knew it. He hadn't meant to throw it in his face like that, or to bring up his sordid sexual history. John wanted to kick himself for mentioning it, especially right after their first time.
When Sherlock flung open the door to John’s room,  he found him sitting on the bed, curled in a ball against the headboard. “I don’t bloody care about your
John has been quiet on crime scenes. It has been taking him 60-90 seconds longer than average to examine corpses. Sherlock has often observed him reexamining a wound or a contusion, as though he had forgotten what he had already seen. After John neutralized the kidnapper, he wanted to get home to go to bed. Usually after a rush of adrenaline he's too giddy for sleep; he wants to get dinner and shag.  And he didn't go out for pints with Lestrade this week as normal. He's been skipping supper and going to bed almost as soon as he gets home from work nearly every evening.
John nodded. "Yes, it definitely helped decrease the frequency of my episodes, although it was harder to wake me up from them when they happened. I've noticed that it happens less when I'm more physically active. So, even though I was highly stressed while in the Army, I didn't have anywhere near as many episodes as I did during my med school. That was definitely the peak."
Sherlock set that aside for future consideration and retrieved said pills and a glass of water as John stripped down to his boxer-briefs. John took them without comment and watched as Sherlock undressed and pulled on pajama pants. Sherlock pulled him in for a soft, chaste kiss and then murmured, "Face-down, I think." John nodded and laid down wordlessly and Sherlock straddled his thighs, slowly pushing the heels of his hands from the waistline of his pants, up either side of his spine to his shoulders. John groaned almost obscenely and Sherlock firmly instructed his cock to ignore it. John was allowing him to caress and stroke and comfort him, and only now that Sherlock was doing those things did he realize how much he'd missed touching John. It'd been weeks since they'd so much as cuddled on the couch to watch crap telly. Again, he hadn't noticed.
When John opened the door, his first, fleeting thought was that Molly looked high. He ushered her in and she walked up the stairs to the flat wordlessly. She hugged her sweater around herself, hovering near the door. She jumped a bit as John touched her shoulder to nudge past her, and John smiled an apology, breathing in her scent -- stale alcohol and aftershave. He squeezed past Sherlock, who was peering into the microscope at the kitchen counter, to turn on the kettle, then kissed near his ear. "Molly's here," he murmured quietly. "Need your help deducing her." Sherlock smiled faintly, scratching down one last observation before turning away to give him a swift kiss on the lips.
Sherlock startled a bit when John pushed back the shower curtain, then grinned slowly and made some room for his naked partner under the spray. He looked down his body, taking in his damp skin, tight nipples, and soft cock, then leaned in for a kiss that turned out to be salty. "How was your run?"
As soon as Greg pulled out, Sherlock rolled Molly over onto her back and slung her ankles over his shoulders. He thrust into her cunt and rubbed a thumb against her clit, watching her reactions closely but knowing she wouldn't safeword. She moaned and pushed against him, wanting it harder. She was still tight, but wet enough that he knew she wasn't getting the discomfort she wanted. He set a punishing rhythm, letting go of her clit so he could snap his hips hard against her. He slammed into her as violently as he dared, knowing John would stop him if he got to be too rough.
"We are not a couple," Sherlock said firmly, correcting someone for the first time. Lestrade turned to observe him, openly curious about Sherlock's sudden willingness to confirm or deny the details of his relationship with the doctor. "Just colleagues. Work partners."
“Stop deducing me,” John ordered, the sharpness of the words softened by the breathiness of his voice. He reached down, pinching Sherlock’s nipple for a moment. “It’s distracting.” He finally slid fully onto Sherlock’s erection, resting there for a moment before rocking his pelvis to set a slow rhythm.
you. What in the bloody hell are you doing on my property? I have a good mind to call …” His voice trailed off and Sherlock quirked an eyebrow ironically. “Well,
Anxiety was building in John's chest as he remembered Sherlock's hesitance, his timidity in bed when they'd finally acknowledged to each other how they felt. He'd put that down to inexperience with having a partner he actually loved, whose pleasure mattered to him, but seeing how he'd been with Molly made him question it. "Raped, or assaulted?"
consequences of being terrorized by you." He shook his head, confusion and defeat etched on his face. "Remembering that a victim is a real person is
Sherlock considered whether perhaps it was possible that Harry had remained sober for a year. He was fairly certain that she had relapsed a few months back, although possibly John had not been aware; Sherlock had not mentioned it. However, at any rate, he kept coming back around to the flowers being
Above her, John grunted, his voice giving him away. He was starting to lose his rhythm in her mouth, but he grabbed the back of her head and pulled her in for a few more deep thrusts before groaning into his orgasm.
“Mmmmm,” John hummed, closing his eyes. “You’re right, it’s much better.” His voice had gone a bit breathless. “
Usually, John would be looking down, biting his lip and moaning wantonly as he watched Sherlock work his cock. He'd murmur encouragement and thrust up into Sherlock's hand and swear a bit as he got close. Arousing him without any visible feedback was equal parts disconcerting and hot as hell. He knew John had his body locked down and it gave him a heady sensation of control.
His wondering came to a swift end when he opened the refrigerator to get the milk and was greeted with a clean, floral scent. Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock looked on the only empty shelf and found a wilted tulip petal. Red, with yellow fringe. He stood frozen, staring at that flower petal for so long that eventually his refrigerator began beeping in protest at its low temperature. Shaking himself from his reverie, he picked up the petal, attempting to glean more information from it.
John coughed on his drink. "God, no, I've set my sights a bit higher for tonight." Chris flushed deliciously. "I was just gossiping.
Sherlock wanted desperately to drop his gaze, but he forced himself to hold it. "You bring it up when we argue."
Sherlock probably looked perfectly pleasant to anyone else, but John could see the irritation in his eyes. He was going to pay for this in some not-so-subtle way. He fumbled with some bills before dropping far too many of them on the bar. "Thanks for the drinks and conversation," he mumbled to Chris, turning to leave before he'd have to explain.
He stood, approaching her. “You worked that stabbing case for Lestrade today?” She nodded. He reached for his violin, which was laying out on the desk. “Three knives?”
The first time, it had only been Sherlock and John. Then, two months later, when the buzzing grew too loud again, Sherlock had taken in the set of her jaw, the wince of her eyes, and said, "I'll let John know to be ready tonight." Then, he had glanced over her lip biting, eye-averting gaze, and corrected himself. "And Greg and Sally, as well."
, and it was as though the last wisp of gravity holding him to John was snipped and he was flying but his wings didn't work, it was dark and he was lost.
Sherlock cut in. "He had the advantage over you on height, weight, and sobriety. He made sure you were tipsy enough to be unable to fight him off. Look how he injured you when you merely tried to pull away and promised to contact him the following day. He was making a power play, letting you know that he was in control and that he could easily overpower you. If you'd continued to fight, your injuries would have been much worse, and you still would have been raped. Your nervous system made the right call."
Sherlock smiled sadly, rubbing his thumb absently over John's. "It's not a time in my life I look back on with pride." He slid his eyes over John. "Ask your question."
. Her tits bounce and she reaches up and pinches her own nipples, moaning like a ..." No, Sherlock couldn't say that, not about sweet Molly. "Her tits would be right by your face, and you'd duck down a bit and guide a hard nipple into your mouth and swirl your tongue around it. She'd moan and tell you to suck, so you would. You'd squeeze both of her tits to your face and you'd turn from side to side, sucking her gorgeous tits like they were some delicious dessert, and she'd start moaning louder, riding you harder. She'd reach down to rub her clit and you'd stop long enough to watch her touching herself -- so fucking hot --  and then all of a sudden, you'd feel her clenching around your cock, and you'd flick your tongue over her nipple while you pushed into her hot, tight pussy and she'd squeeze the come right out of you."
,” she spat. “I think I’m losing it. I yelled at my nurse today! The littlest thing sets me off. It’s like there’s this angry fear just under the surface, ready to leap up at any moment.” She scrubbed at her eyes, which were starting to well up again.
He was rocking into her steadily now, shallower pushes that made her throb as he rubbed her clit relentlessly. She felt panic-desire swelling inside of her. The hand on her mouth slipped, partially occluding her nostrils. Her panic-desire shifted almost entirely into panic and she grew dizzy and desperate, sucking in shallow breaths and going rigid.
His smile cracked wide open and Molly nodded at him as if to remind him that it was his turn to flirt. He took it. "Hmm. I'll hope you were laughing at an ex-boyfriend's expense, I think."
John looked at the clock on the stove. “Shit, I’m going to be late.” Taking one last gulp of coffee before putting the cup in the sink, he dropped a kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “Molly’s strong, Sherlock. She’s going to be fine. Just find the bastard, eh?”
The bartender chuckled. "I hope so, too. Kylie takes kickboxing classes in her spare time." John squinted and he could see it, almost, in the way she moved her shoulders, that she could fight. "She's selective, though. Your friend must be either charming or a great tipper."
John moaned in frustration when Sherlock paused his hips, waiting for an answer. “Just get on with it, you berk.” He was rewarded with a firm thrust that rubbed in just the right way. “God, yes. Harder.” He snaked a hand between them, and Sherlock curved his spine, creating room for John to grasp himself. John hummed his appreciation, and then the whole world exploded into a flurry of sensation as Sherlock finally drove into him, fucking him hard enough that the headboard clattered against the wall. He slowed for a moment, until John growled, “Don’t you dare,” and Sherlock resumed his punishing rhythm.
Finally, he reached the waistband of John's pyjama pants, running his fingers and then his tongue lightly under the waistband before looking up at John and waiting. "God, yes, get them off," John growled. Sherlock pulled them over John's hips and then smirked up at him -- no pants. John grinned and wagged his eyebrows, lifting so Sherlock could shimmy them over his bum.
," she said emphatically. "I wasn't sure I really wanted you to find him but I feel safer knowing you have."
Greg began kissing his way down John's neck, nipping and sucking in turns. John was adrift on a wave of pleasure when Sherlock's rumbling baritone cut through. "Your refractory period is short for a man your age."
Sherlock nodded his head at Vincent in acknowledgement. "I researched you, naturally. I research all my clients. So I have read the articles and that gave me some of the information; the rest I got from observing you." Hating himself for it, he colored his voice with a touch of incredulity. "You believe my colleague, a decorated Army veteran and a doctor, viciously attacked you 15 years ago because of your sexuality."
John elbowed him. "Don't think anyone else is going to have the joy anytime soon, you berk." They smiled at each other, pressed in for a soft kiss, wrapped around each other, and fell asleep.
"And then I stopped fighting. I told him to please leave, and he ignored me. I don't know why I didn't keep fighting; it was like my body was stuck. I should've fought more." Molly was near tears.
They looked at each other, eyebrows raised, and Steve laughed. "I think I'll leave you two to it, then."
John crawled over him, kissing his way lightly up Sherlock’s body. He let his weight settle over Sherlock, meeting him for a soft kiss before rolling them on their sides. Weaving their legs together, they clutched at each other, pressing their foreheads together and letting the relief of their closeness wrap around them like a cocoon. They lay there, sharing breaths and occasional kisses, feeling the reassuring beats of their hearts against one another’s chests. After a time, John settled in to kissing Sherlock’s neck, laving every sensitive inch of it with attention. Sherlock quivered and panted against him. “
Then Sherlock grinned back, that brilliant, easy smile he had in this place, and he started dancing again, pulling John close and craning down to drop soft kisses on his mouth from time to time. No one was cutting in, now. It was just John, caught in the too-bright orbit of an ebullient Sherlock.
