“Of course. Anything for the Winchesters.” Cas pauses as he steps around to pull Sam into a hug. He pulls back and looks at Dean's body. “I have to go now, his soul is waiting.” Sam smiled weakly at Cas as he hears the flutter of wings. Sam looks down and lets his tears fall for a few moments before going to the car to start building a funeral pyre.
The ring grew louder and was blended with a muffled voice bouncing around his head. Dean closed his eyes and felt his nails digging into his palms and sweat dripping down his forehead as he concentrated even more, shutting out everything around him - Sam mumbling about trajectories, the whoosh of the engine under his feet, the cool metallic texture of the bulkheads. He pushed it all away and thought about those Vulcan ears and that damn medics coat. He whispered a word. The word that was printed in Castiel's mind.
“Why do you always call him that? He’s a respected Starfleet officer and he has a name.” Dean said, trying to remain calm. Losing his cool again could result in more than just a broken nose.
“You can Sam. He said it himself. You can. You are strong, you have survived so much and come out the other side kinder and wiser. I wish … I wish he had more time here, but we don’t always get what we deserve.”
“He’s slowed down, for now. He'll find another way to get to you, he'll find a way to blend in. We have some time, at least.” Castiel says.
“It’s not important, Cas, just friggin drop it.” Dean seethed, turning to exit. Cas grabbed his shoulder and pulled Dean back around.
“Destroying us with no fight would be the cowards win?” Sam said.
"So what? Let him come to me. I dare him." Dean says even louder, pointing a finger at Castiel.
"I don't ... " Castiel cocks his head to the side. "It's not a challenge. I don't have to sleep. The closest approximation is a restorative state similar to meditation, but I don't sleep." Castiel replies.
"I can take bullets, you can't." Castiel turns to peek around the corner. "He's only going to get closer, we have to make a break for it.”
"Dean?" He heard the voice say as he finally got to the door and pushed it open. The small room in front of Dean was white, except for the light blue and gold carpet that lined the floor. It was empty except for a slumped mass in the far corner of the room. Blood stained the carpet around the mass. Dean stepped forward, feeling his eyes widen. The mass moved and revealed a head of raven black hair, and a set of ocean blue eyes.
"They won't be able to stop him, not unless you kill him. Vulcan-Betazoid physiology is a treacherously beautiful thing. My siblings and I are some of the most telepathically gifted in the universe, yet my siblings refuse to hone their abilities as I have. They could be fierce forces of their own. I know Anna and Samandriel seemed like cute little kittens, but the constant war between Vulcan logic and the Betazoid propensity towards drama and decadence is … well it's the perfect storm. You and I both know the wrath Castiel can conjure. Imagine what he could do under my control."
“Anna, I wish the circumstances were better, but it’s a pleasure to meet you. I'm very sorry for your loss.” Dean said.
answering that." Dean said.
"Am I done? What the fu ... " Dean's face scrunches.
Dean merges into traffic and slows down, weaving in and out of it. He handles the car like a dream. Castiel reloads the shotgun and aims at the motorcycle’s tires. One-shot hits the car behind Gadreel and the other nicks Gadreels shoe. Gadreel looks down at his shoe, a twisted snarl crossing his face. He reaches behind his back and pulls out a large pistol. He aims at the Impala and fires off three shots. The first flies past the hood and hits the back of a delivery truck next to the Impala. The second one clips Dean’s headlight, sending glass flying in every direction. The third makes a loud thud as it hits the trunk.
"How do you know that? " Dean said in a low voice.
"It was a joke. What, they don't make jokes in the future." Dean says as he closes the gas cap and leans over the car. Castiel turns back to scan the road.
“Dean, I’m sure Cas and Samandriel are fine.” Sam said quietly. Dean kept pacing.
“What the hell, man. Quit staring.” He growled.
"Cas, what do I do? What the hell am I supposed to do?" Dean says. It's all Cas can sense at first is Dean's voice. His vision is still dark red and his sensors are calling out malfunction after malfunction. Castiel blinks and pushes his hands down, trying to push himself off the ground. Dean loops a hand under one of Castiel's arms and pulls him up.
"I'm the last person who wants you to face this proverbial demon because I know how damaging it will be both physically and mentally. Personally, I would rather turn around and give Admiral Winchester a piece of my mind, but an order is an order. However, I feel the need to remind you that you don't have to kill someone else to prove your worth. Either way, I can accompany you on the bridge when we engage the Auruto, if you need me." Cas said, a little hope prickling his voice. Dean nodded.
“You still seem like a dick to me. And you think I want that?”
"Why," Gadreel says. "He is a human. We destroy humans. They are weak to their condition." Castiel can't respond.
He sighed. He focused on the ship and where Cas would be at this exact moment. The Captain’s chair. He remembered the face he had memorized. The jaw, the hair, the eyes. He pulled at that memory until he heard a distinct ringing in his head.
"I uh ... joined right out of high school," Dean says, eying the tweezers.
"I can't tell you everything." Castiel starts. "I can tell you broad strokes, I can tell you what you already know. Not much else."
“What word could possibly change - ” Cas started, but Dean interrupted.
“Lucifer, this is Captain Winchester speaking. I’ve made a decision.” Dean waited a moment. The screen flashed to life and the dark green glow of the Borg cube cast an eerie light on the bridge. Lucifer stood in the center of his control room and took steps forward.
Castiel pulls Dean forward through the dark doorway down a hall that leads to an dank open room towards the back of the old brick building. The archway opens up to a large industrial style room with exposed beams and brick, license plates and deer taxidermy hanging on the walls. There's a green plaid couch next to a warm golden oak coffee table filled with hunting magazines. In a dark green recliner sits Rufus with a shotgun aimed directly at the two men. Rufus holds a look of contempt on his time worn face.
"I know that."
“Cas! Calm down! Look at me. Don’t look at him, look at me.” Dean said. He grabbed Castiel’s chin in his hand.
“Dean!” Sam begged. Cas was silent but he stood firm. He started speaking, low and quiet.
He turns and scans all directions for the deli. Looking south he sees a sign for Pruscelo's Deli and takes off. Something about that voice makes him want to run, to get there faster. Wherever “there” is.
"You shouldn't do that either," Castiel says, voice lowering as he flicks Dean's hand away. "I mean it. Any sign of ... camaraderie could get you killed."
Sam shook his head.
“Cybernetic ... what, like robots?.” Dean shakes his head. He turns the car again down a one-way road. “But he was ... a guy." Dean continues looking down at his own lap.
“Yes Cap’n I do. I’m going to use the tractor beam to sling shot you into the cube. I’ll only have a few moments to beam you out, though.”
After a few moments of silence, he leans out of the Impala, throws the bloody bag in a nearby dumpster, and gets back in the driver's seat. He turns the keys in the ignition and lays a foot on the gas. Dean is still leaning forward as if Castiel is still there in the backseat with him. Dean's body rocks against the cushion of the backseat as he looks to the rearview mirror, trying to link his eyes up with Castiel's.
The man stared at Dean, furrowing his brow.
"I don't want to take her place. I don't want to die, Cas." Dean managed, barely breathing. Castiel pulled back a little, to look into Dean's eyes and he smiled a weak smile.
"Isn't it obvious?" Lucifer said cocking his head to one side. Dean looked around at his crew and back to the screen. His chief of Security, Ellen, who was usually on the bridge, was not there. Dean's eyes widened as he remembered his last security order.
"What? No. I'm calling Sam. I gotta let him know what's going on." Dean says moving past Castiel to the car.
“Not so fast Dean. See I want to make sure my offer has been turned down. I could make you forget … I could make you forget about your mother. I know you think you got over that, but that anger is still there. It always will be. I could make you forget the anger and all the bad you’ve seen. As a Borg? You wouldn’t feel anything. Wouldn’t that be nice? Forget that everyone you love will die. How do think you'd feel once Sam or Cas died. You'd probably want to throw yourself out an airlock. Who can blame you, losing someone like that, feeling helpless to save the one thing you care about in this universe? Oh, but you already know what that feels like, don't you?" Dean stared him down.
“Is a mission assigned to you, by me. Which means you either get back on that ship and catch these Romulans, or I’ll reduce you to an ensign and your first job will be to clean every inch of my office with a micro-resonator. You can’t handle the Borg.”
“Aye Captain.”
"I feel ... Like my chest is being pulled through my throat half the time. The other half I'm ... just trying to save your life. Trying to survive so that you can survive. But everything is just so ... Overwhelming and I keep ... '' Castiel looks out towards the road and back into the Impala. "I keep having visions of the future, memories, flashes of emotion and feeling and it's ... I'm not supposed to feel, Dean. It's ... '' Castiel finally locks eyes with Dean, who almost leans forward to hear Castiel more clearly, to tune into what he's saying.
Charlie, the Chief Operations Officer spoke.
"It's fi ... " Dean starts blinking at Rufus.
The Impala is quiet or three hours as they pass through Omaha, Nebraska. Castiel labors over every moment, wondering if he should be the first to speak. Castiel sees a sign for a rest stop coming up and looks to Dean.
“What’s your name?” Dean says. Castiel cocks his head.
?” Dean hung his head and waited. The door opened and he took a step without looking. He was met with something solid. He looked up to meet livid midnight blue eyes.
, this mission is a waste of time. This...”
“On what grounds?”
just six months. Then again, Dean will
"You're not just anything, Dean. You're the Captain of a starship. You deserve much more."
“I believe I should be relieved of duty temporarilly.” Dean stared at Cas.
Cas looked up with wide eyes.
Dean mused as the display flashed capturing the image
"Please, let me take my Captain and we will leave you."
“I can’t hear him, Sam. You know Cas does that thing - he talks at me with his mind. If he needed help, I would know. What if he’s dead, Sam? What if I can’t hear him cause he’s dead.” Dean fumed and sped up his pace. He was almost running now.
"Admiral." Dean said.
Castiel feels his skin run cold.
"What?" Dean asked. Sam looked away as the pair kept walking. Sam took in a breath and spoke.
The nerves built up as Dean reached up to a button next to the sliding door. He pressed the button and heard his father's voice.
“Captain.” Cas’ voice sounded like music to Dean’s ears. “You said Sam is hurt.”
"No it's not. Not in this life it isn't. The life of a Starfleet Officer is about as safe as Kevin Tran in a Klingon Death Match, alright? We know from experience, people die in the line of duty and they leave people behind. Mom died on the job. Same thing could happen to me. This could be it. I can't do that to him. I can't tell him how I feel and have him go off the deep end if something happens to me. He's better off not knowing." Dean sighed.
Dean looked back to Kevin and then to Sam. Dean stood and took a few steps froward.
"Other ... means? What, like stealing? I mean ... I'm not above it but ... Didn't think you'd be." Dean says.
Dean was sure of it. She said his name. Cas stared at her with a mix of apprehension and embarrassment. He sighed and glanced around him and looked down a bit.
"Admiral Winchester. He says they're dangerous, right Dean?"
The one by the wall was on his feet again. Castiel ran around the man and was behind him in an instant. It was fluid, like he could do this in his sleep. Castiel brought his leg up and slammed it down on the back of the man's leg, breaking a bone and forcing the man to the ground. The Romulan that he had kicked before was up as well.
"There has to be a reason he's sending you. What happened?" Cas asked, more urgent this time; the anger melting away.
Castiel cocks his head to the side. Dean has never looked this vulnerable, this small and quiet. Castiel wonders where this came from, where the Dean who was ready to shoot a Terminator without question went.
“Shields at 37 percent and dropping by the second.”
"Cas ... " Dean snaps in his face. The sound ricochets in Castiel's memory as he flicks to the future again, this time on the business end of a punch from Gadreel. The metal of his fist sparks against the bare metal gash on Castiel's face.
"Captain. We can choose both. We go after Lucifer, and make sure he doesn't get back to Earth. And you go down and get to Cas. If anyone can get through to him, it's you. Severing his connection to Lucifer, could weaken Lucifer, giving us the chance we need to destroy him. If Cas stays connected to him for much longer, even if Lucifer dies, who knows what damage that could do. We can still choose, Captain. We can still have our cake and eat it, too." Dean nodded and let out a heavy breath. It was risky, keeping Cas under like that, but something told Dean that he couldn’t let Cas face this alone.
"Am I dying?" Dean whispered, still in a daze feeling his life drain out of him. Cas froze and stared into Dean’s eyes.
“Cas.” Dean nodded side stepping him, avoiding his gaze.
“I read it, in your noodle, during the mind meld. I saw my book and I -”
Cas took another step closer to Dean and raised a finger to him.
"It's just. I mean, I noticed it before but just now … you and Cas." Dean stopped dead in his tracks. He looked away form Sam and gulped. Dean looked back to Sam with a look that could kill.
Castiel aims and shoots two more shots. The first hits the handle of the bike, forcing Gadreel to let go. The other clips the ground in front of Gadreel. He swerves to avoid it but quickly regains control. Castiel aims again but loses sight when Gadreel disappears behind a semi-truck. He reloads the shotgun and waits. He listens for the motorcycle as Dean changes lanes, moving away from the semi-truck.
“Got it, Dean,” Sam spat.
He was tall and thin, and his pale skin only highlighted his gunmetal Borg implants. His left arm had been replaced with what looked like a soldering gun, with three prongs. He stood with his arms crossed and a smirk plastered on his face.
“You made him kill your brother. Don’t you feel remorse for that at all?”
"Captain to Security Team 1, when we make contact with Lucifer. I need you to watch over Cas. I'm hoping he'll be fine, but if Lucifer gets a hold of him I need you to knock him out," Dean paused glancing to Sam. He turned his head and in a whisper he added, "but don't hit his face … just use a hypospray and be gentle … or whatever."
"The jump may have caused more damage than I thought. And now those bullets. I don't know how bad my back is but judging from the clerk inside it's not pretty back there ... When we get to Rufus' I can run a diagnostic on my programming. You'll have to patch me up." He moves to get out but stops.  "I feel ..." Castiel starts. Dean scoots so he's sitting with his back against the seat. He winces as he moves his leg down, but leans forward anyway. Dean lifts a hand. Castiel can see the trajectory, knows where the hand is going. As soon as it lands on his shoulder he hears Dean's old voice. It echoes in the concrete hideaway in the future.
A warm breeze washed over Dean. He sat in the valley of the Grand Canyon, back on Earth. He wasn't hiking or camping, just sitting next to a stream. He blinked a few times, taking in the scenery when he heard a voice next to him. He turned his head and saw Castiel beaming down at him. Cas opened his mouth to speak, but his voice was garbled and Dean couldn't quite hear him. The ground around him started to shake and almost rattle, like an earthquake. When Dean looked down and touched the ground he felt nothing. He looked back up to Cas, but he was fading away, like a cloud of smoke, and the canyon was leaking away with him. Dean closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, he saw the cool grey ceiling of sick bay. Pain rushed through his limbs and he let out a groan. He heard shuffling and tried to turn to see but a pain shot through his back.
"Yeah. He's, uh, something else." Dean stared in front of him, but he could feel his cheeks flush and his heart pick up.
Dean rolls his eyes and pulls the covers up to his neck.
“Cas.” Dean spit out, making Sam turn around in his chair. Dean looked up and huffed a breath of air out. “It worked, Sam it worked.” Sam smiled and turned back to the console.
"Buddy, what the hell?" Dean says putting his hands up in front of him, keeping his eyes on Castiel.
"Dean." Cas said.
June 19, 2016
“Sam, this is why I didn’t want you to come with me. I knew I wouldn’t make it, but you? There’s still time for you to go back without Lucifer notifcing. Get into an escape-“ Dean said gesturing to the back of the shuttle.
“I’m sorry, what was that?”
"Rufus. Stop." Dean's voice echoes into the room. He's leaning against the door frame, eyes focused on Rufus.
"Cas."
"Winchester." Another deep voice echoes into the room. The green-eyed man pulls himself back and drops his face to the ground. His body freezes as the other man approaches. Unit 13 runs a scan on the first man. Words flash in yellow across his vision.
"I … don't really remember."
“I mean no offense. It means that even if I had told you about what I learned on my away mission when we were still in the Academy, you would have shut down. You had a lot of growing to do. So did I. We were both operating in the shadows of other people. I will admit, I was … scared.”
“He’ll be ok, Dean.”
“Cas, I can’t let you do that. I need you on this Borg mission. I need your link to Lucifer, to locate him. I can't do this without you.”
"Something wrong? You look like you're gonna shit yourself." Dean chuckles as he begins to pump gas. Castiel turns to face Dean.
"Newsflash: He's half-Vulcan."
“Sam.”
“I still don’t … Why are you here?” Dean says, taking a tentative step closer. Seeing Cas’ face again, after what happened the last time he saw it. It’s like seeing the sunrise for the first time after a long winter.
“No. You’re scared. You’re scared of letting go because bad things happen. Of course death is a constant, but you don’t shut down and act like people don’t care. You missed the point of the Kobayashi Maru when you sacrificed yourself, Dean. You abandoned your crew and you thought they’d be okay without you. I know you’re a noble person, that’s why you’re a good captain; but for some screwed up reason, you think no one will miss you. You really don’t know how important you are, especially to Cas? Everyone sees what you mean to eachother. Even Dad knew. That’s why treats Cas the way he does. He doesn’t want you to go through what he did so he pushes Cas away. He does exactly what you’re doing right now. Classic Winchester behavior apparently.” Dean’s eyes flicked up to Sam.
The sun is almost fully risen now, the sky taking on a light blue hue. Castiel's sensors tell him it's warm now. He notes that if his external sensors are working then whatever problem he has, it's isolated to just memory. Good news.
“Cas.” He said, walking through the doors.
"Yes." Dean said. "Warp 7." Dean felt every eye on him as Garth hesitated just a moment before responding. They didn't understand.
Dean stepped into the turbo lift and looked to the ceiling. He heard a voice in his head - Castiel.
"Castiel." He shouted again taking quick steps to the table.
he thought, “
"Cas!" Dean said, glad to see Cas, but his glee faltered as Cas tried to unfold himself and stand. His uniform was tattered, and his medic’s coat was nowhere to be found. Dean felt his heart sink as he watched Cas struggle to stand. There was a gash across the left side of his face and blood ran down from it. His knuckles were bruised and bloody and he grabbed at his ribs. Dean rushed to him to steady him.
"This is stealing, Dean." Castiel retorts.
"Lie down on your side, this wound is fatal."
Castiel is quick to aim at the three and start moving back, keeping Dean behind him.
Dean leaned back to face Cas and felt his heart sink when he saw tears trickle down Castiel's stoic face. It must have been the worst feeling, to have your own brother rip you apart in your own brain. Dean lifted his hands and moved them to Cas's shoulders. Cas blinked and looked up to Dean, eyes wide. Dean felt Cas shift under his hands and suddenly, Cas was only centimeters away. Dean could feel his blood rush and his stomach turn. He watched as Cas searched his eyes. Somehow, Dean knew exactly what he was searching for. Cas squinted his eyes as Dean let his jaw fall open. He wanted to say something, anything to divert Cas’s attention, but it's like his words had locked themselves away, refusing to come out until Dean did what his body was telling him to. Cas's voice echoed in Dean's head.
you then." Dean said under his breath. Ejhil sidestepped a large basket as Dean edged towards him.
"If you don't mind me asking, what happened to them?" Dean asked.
“What?” Dean asked.
"Dean, the Captain shouldn’t go…"
The whispers in Dean's head came back. Now that it was clear as day, and Dean knew what it meant, it was harder to push away.
"It's too dangerous. The ship needs a commanding officer."
“Because in that case I'll have to take you and your ship by force.”
Dean couldn't let this moment go. He couldn't let it pass him by. He wanted this memory, this moment, to be around for as long as their journey let them live. For as long as he Captained a starship. He wanted to remember the warmth that washed over him. It was like a sun rested in Castiel's mouth and the beams of light cast out onto Dean through his smile. Dean felt … good. Sure he was still scared, but he felt like his life wasn't a hand me down gift given to the wrong person, because
Castiel slams back into the cage wall as he remembers the feeling of Dean's neck in his hands, how it feels to kill a human, how it feels to take care of one. Castiel blinks and for a moment and thinks he's back in the future because he's standing now, in a large open concrete room. Most of the room has turned to rubble. A voice rings out behind him, garbled and laced with static.
"What?" Unit 13 says, less sounding like a question and more like a command.
“Our plan falls apart, got it. Alright, how are shields?” A blast rattled the port side of the shuttle and sent sparks flying behind their heads.
"Throw your shields up again Dean, go ahead, but you don't have to be telepathic to see what everyone who meets the two of you can see."
"No." He lets out an angry scoff. "No, you know what, you don't know. Sammy is pretty much all the family I have left. You keep saying things like you know me. You expect me to give him up?" Dean says turning around. "You're friggin nuts, you know that?"
Unit 13's grip on Dean's neck is loose as they look back at Dean. His eyes are full of water. The rest of his face though is cold, vacant but searching Unit 13's face. Unit 13's processors sense the man's eyes dilating, indicating recognition, but a recognition that is impossible to return. Impossible to comprehend.
"Just do it. Computer, activate camera mode on this display and save the image to the Captain's database. Begin a twenty second countdown to capture an image now." The computer beeped and the pair’s reflection stared back at them. Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the look on Castiel's face alone. It was a mix of the previous smile, bewilderment, and fear.
“Dean, there’s no reason to be mad at Cas, he has a right to those files and he was just aski-”
Castiel turns around and takes a few more steps back into the room. Castiel watches as Rufus  hands tense around the shotgun still in his hands. The metal on the walls ... it's like looking into the future. Castiel knows how to dissemble, load and shoot with all of these weapons and he's killed with most of them. He feels his own pulse rise and his synthetic muscle fibers tighten over his core. Preparing for the worst.
“Cas.” Dean stood, stepping around his desk.
"Shit, that was fast." Dean huffed. He turns to look past the bank wall back towards Gadreel.  "How the hell did he ...." Bullets whiz past Dean's face.
"I'm alive." Dean whispered to himself. He was sure he was a goner but the very real pain was now washing away. Dean tried to sit up but Cas held him back.
"I ..." Castiel starts. "Yes. I am a Terminator. My name ... My model is The Cyberdyne 4th System: T13 Legacy, or as you called me, Castiel. My specialty is human infiltration, with blending and learning being my strengths. Although, you always said I could never get the hang of humanities quirks." He forces a small calculated smile. He watches Dean. Looking through the glass of the window forces a memory to surface. A memory of being dragged away from Dean, the rifle being pulled from his hands. Of being thrown into a containment room while Terminators swarmed Dean.
"I can't ... Cant believe you did that Cas." Dean coughs out as Castiel reaches for the door.
Castiel's breath was ragged and wet but he looked Dean dead in the eyes.
"You're taking a picture. Why?" Cas asked. Dean paused for a moment and looked to Castiel.
"Cas." Dean tried again as they made their way out of the cave.
“When I … when Lucifer killed Samandriel. When Lucifer found us again and was gaining control over me. When I saw you on the moon half dead after facing the Romulan. You we’re wounded, by all accounts, you should have died on that moon. Just before the crash. We didn’t know if you had made it or not. I’ve never been more scared in my life. Terror is a constant for everyone, not just humans. Vulcans feel it too, It never leaves me. It doesn’t leave anyone”
“Commander Castiel to medics team, meet me in sick bay immediately. Ash you have the bridge.” Castiel ran to the turbo lift and ran once he got off. His head was pounding and he was concentrating as hard as he could on Dean, if he was still alive.
"Cas, what?" Dean said more caught off guard than anything.
“He’s my brother.” Cas paused, casting a sad glance to Dean. “He is my brother, which means he has telepathic abilities. Starfleet has recently confirmed that he is the new Borg King. He’s gainging power and he has the ability to control others with his mind. We know though, that when Voyager and her crew came home three years ago, they nearly decimated the Borg population. He only has a limited army, so his powers are still developing. He can only control … family members right now. If we stay near this planet, he could control me again.” Cas looked down for a second. Dean touched his badge.
“Oh, yeah? What are you gonna do about it, Doc?”
“Captian to the ship. Listen up everyone. I know we’re hurting, but Sam and I have one last go in us. We are gonna need you all behind us. We … we might not make it back from this one. We’re gonna take the impala and give Lucifer what he wants. Us. We need everyone here to get power to the ship so we can get out before it’s too late. Captian out.” Dean turned to Kevin.
"She was Chief Tactical Officer. My dad was the Captain. Sammy had just been born, but my mom was on her feet and back on light-duty after a month. The Auroto it, uh … it came out of nowhere. It took out a warp nacelle. Engines were down. There were breeches all over the place. All the kids on the ship were taken to daycare. I was scared. I mean, I was four and it was my first time in a real battle, I had no clue what was happening. I was antsy so I climbed into a Jeffries tube and started crawling. I got lost. The Romulans were threatening to take the ship, board it, and kill everyone on it. I guess the nurse who was watching the kids noticed I was gone   and panicked. She contacted the bridge. My Dad wouldn’t leave his post and he wouldn’t back down form the Romulans. So my mom left her post to look for me. I made my way back to daycare on my own. But by then, the Romulans had beamed aboard the ship. My mom, she got shot by one of em’. She died alone. If I hadn’t wandered off, she’d be alive.” Dean tried to not look at Cas.
“My job.” Dean said, picking up his pace as he walked to the shuttle bay. Castiel, however, kept up with him at every turn.
Cas glanced between the brothers and nodded.
Gadreel aims the gun at Dean and clicks the safety off. Azazel goes for Castiel and pins his arms behind his back.
"What is the use of emotion if it makes you weak. Unit 13 shows weakness. He protects the human when humans are what we destroy." Gadreel says as he grabs at Castiel's collar. "It is a malfunction and should be corrected."
"Shit, Cas," Dean yells.
"Tinman's got a heart, after all," Dean says as he looks to Castiel and lets out a sigh. Castiel looks back, eyeing the phone in Dean's hand. His eyes flick back to Dean's face, to his eyes. "Didn't think a killing machine could be sorry."
He looks down at his hands and blinks at them. He doesn't remember the feel of Dean's neck in his hands but he sees it, the memory is there and it pangs against his programming, makes a sound in his head that registers as an error. He looks back to the mart to see Dean putting change in his wallet and moving to leave the mart. As he does he reaches into his pocket and pulls something out.
“Doesn't matter. Anyway, Cas … He’s right.” He mumbled. Sam sighed and chuckled ever so slightly. “What the hell is so funny, Sam?”
Before he can turn back he hears the glass shatter and feels the other Terminator’s arms slam into his chest. This one didn't bother to find clothes so when Castiel reaches up to grab the Terminator's arm; his grip is faulty. Castiel looks back to see that Dean is still firmly planted, mouth fallen open. The Terminator stands to his full height and whips his head around, jaw set, dark eyes targeting Dean.
“If I go near him, I may kill again.”
Lights blinked while rapid fingers swiped over silver consoles. The engines hummed while the warp core ebbed and flowed, keeping the ship steady above a small planet called Zetar. The decks were quiet and the mess hall was empty, save for pots stewing with replicated soup. The officers of the USS Argenteus were worried. The Chief Medical Officer, Castiel, had been sent on an away mission with an ensign. It was a simple mission to collect pollen samples that would have taken an hour, except they had been gone for three hours. Dean paced in his ready room as his second in Command and brother, Sam, leaned back on Dean’s desk and tried to calm him down.
. You follow orders. Youdo it right. You don’t make mistakes.
"You're really just gonna stand there ..." Dean grumbles turning over in the motel bed. He faces Castiel now, who is standing in the corner opposite the bed, shotgun in hand.
First, an auto garage called Singer Automotive Service with a 1967 Chevy Impala pulling around to park in the back. Second, about 500 feet behind that on the top of a parking garage, another Terminator has just landed. He knows because of the sound it makes in his head and the electricity that arcs over cars in the garage. Even before he can make out the figure he knows who it is and why they're here.
, Dean had to teach him.
“When a human became my best friend. He taught me more about humanity than the Academy could ever teach me.”
"Son of a bitch" He yells as his body lands on the leather seat. He pulls himself further into the backseat and lays with his back against the far door. He presses his hand to the bullet wound and grits his teeth through the searing pain as it ripples along with his rising heartbeat.
“I can't do that, Sam. I can't put that on him." He mumbled.
"Captain. My brother - Castiel. Although I can speak with him telepathically, I can't truly sense what he's feeling because he's hidden that away. I ask you because you’re his closest friend and you were there. How is he?"
"Why?"
"Dean, you've got to wake up. You ... You can't ..." Castiel says. He's quiet, speaking low enough that the engine covers his voice. "Dean." He starts again. Louder this time. "Dean, wake up. This isn't it for you Dean." Castiel takes a turn down a street away from the downtown area the bank was in. "Dean!" He yells this time.
Turning a corner down a main road, Castiel sees the sun crest over the horizon for the first time in his life. He peers over a tall hedge and sees the sky change colors; from a dark navy blue to deep orange to a soft pink. As far as he can remember now, he’s not even sure that he’s ever been outside. His memory is all-steel walls, corrugated shelves ... the color green, like dry moss growing in the cracks of the concrete floor of a bunker.
Dean looked down, not wanting to answer. John had made sure no one but Dean knew what happened thirty years ago.
“Got it Kevin. Send a communique out that I'd like for the crew to be back by the time I return.” Dean replied.
"I have a mission for you. I've tracked down a Romulan ship that needs to be taken out." Dean looked up at his father.
“He told me to kill. He told me to kill Saman … I couldn’t control myself, I … my hands were acting but I was screaming. I couldn’t stop. He controlled me. Dean, I killed my brother.” Cas nearly collapsed but Dean ran around the bio bed and caught him. Dean dragged him to another bio bed and sat him down.
“Dean. He wants both of us. I’m going with you.”
Dean felt something in his head go off. Something in his head felt like it was burning, but that sensation cleared as he kept reading. The next page held a definition of sorts.
The silence while Castiel makes a can of beans lasts until they're done. Dean sets the vodka bottle down and lifts his hands to his temples. After a few circles made with his fingers, he lifts his head and looks to Castiel. He watches him pour the beans in a small bowl.
“I’m not mad at Cas, You don't even know what happened on the Durus.” Dean huffed and ran a hand over his face trying to head off the inevitable migraine that was coming his way.
Rufus moves into the room, to the right side of Castiel.
"What?"
"You have to ... pry that off" Castiel growls. "There's a ..." He's cut off by his own pain, almost as if his processor knows it's about to be reset. Dean reaches in his pocket for a knife as he pulls Castiel back in the chair, firmly holding him back. Dean places the knife in the crevice of the small square and begins working the knife in, prying at the plate until it wiggles itself free. The panel falls with a metallic sound on the ground. Behind the plate, Dean sees a deep well, with silver-plated fins all the way down. At the bottom, Dean can see a series of flat black lines.
"I'm not talking about the Borg." Dean ran a hand over his chin and sighed. His facade was cracking.
"For ... not being him. The Castiel you know."
Dean snaps back to Castiel, gulps down a breath of air, and moves to pick up his keys and another case of shotgun shells. Dean takes a last look at his shop and groans as he hoists himself out of the window.
Castiel closes his eyes, “Sorry.”
If you wanna know how I envision Dean and Cas in this fic, you can check out my tumblr - veggiesforpresident !
“What?”
The afternoon is much less nice: he is almost late for the GSA exec meeting, so Uriel glares at him, but Charlie smiles and pats the spot on the couch beside her. It's productive, they figure out a date for the Second-Chance Dance, and Charlie submits the request to book the room that night. There is some disagreement about who should direct Rocky Horror: Charlie thinks they should have an open application and interview process, Bela thinks one of her theater friends should do it. Bela caves, but it's hard-fought.
He laughs a little louder than is probably called for.
He comes home to an argument. Ruby is tossing on her work shirt and putting her hair up, while passing verbal jabs back and forth with Anna.
Castiel sighs, pinching the spot between his eyes, "Honestly, Dean, it sounds disgusting."
“Oh yeah, someone usually invites someone else every year. Friends, partners, whoever. A couple years ago both Jo, Ellen, and Sam brought someone and we had to pull out the card table just so everyone could have a place to sit.”
A few minutes later, his phone buzzes again.
“You sure, dude? We can reschedule.”
Fuck. He reaches a hand out, and it falls quickly back on the bed. Dean rushes over. Adra moves out of the way, but doesn't go far.
She pulls out a blue flag and sticks it in the ground behind her, the sign for "we've paused our LARPing for a second please don't throw things at us."
He goes, waving the handkerchief as he hobbles off.
There's a knock on her door for her next appointment, so Castiel gets up. Adra tells him to tell Anna to stop by sometime. He agrees.
Dean sighs, “Not yet.”
“Nah,” Anna shrugs. The crosswalk sign beeps at them and they hurry to the other side, “Do whatever you want, dude.”
Another pregnant moment passes between them, before Anna shrugs her roommate off.
Mrs. B reminds them to have fun and do their best.
"Hey, uh, don't start anything, alright?" Dean says, as if reading Castiel's mind.
“Come along, dear,” Gabe says, and ushers both Castiel and Dean into the rest of the house.
"Deeean, Caaaas," He says, "Pizza's here."
Castiel smiles, “I appreciate it. Anna was the one who turned the compost back in the day.”
“Why not?” He asks, tilting his head to one side.
“Kiss me,” Castiel says, barely a whisper. Dean follows his orders, pressing their mouths together, damp and warm and gentle. He kisses into Castiel and Castiel kisses back, kisses back, kisses back. Until his kisses become smaller, lighter, and then he falls away.
He scrolls through, "Do you have any Ke-dollar sign-ha?"
After a few minutes something occurs to him. He leans over and asks, “What's with all the roses?”
He waits a few minutes for a reply, and when none comes he turns his phone back over. He sleeps again until his stomach pangs wake him. It's getting dark outside. To his own surprise, he checks his phone before heading into the kitchen. Nothing.
There's a lull in conversation and Dean gets up and goes to search for the lint roller. He's digging through the closet in the front room when Castiel says:
"C'mon, man. It'll be fine."
Black spots pulse in the air and all at once, everything goes dark.
He opens his phone to a dozen new messages, after not having checked it all afternoon. A few from Ellen, one from Jo, a few from Sam, and a few more from Castiel.
“Shit, sorry,” Dean laughs, “That was weird, I felt that."
Now or never.
The sun is setting behind Bobby's place when they pull up, painting the sky in stripes of pink and orange. Cas hesitates before getting out, his hand tight around the wine bottle.
“Oh.” He blushes.
Oh. "So? You can still show me."
Dean touches his shoulder, "Nah, dude, it's fine, they've been askin' about you."
"What's up?" Jo asks.
“Where's Cas?”
Oh. Right.
“Hm?” He opens his eyes just to look at her quizzically.
Sam rocks back on his feet. “Do you need anything?”
She grins crookedly at him. To this day he half-expects her to have sharp teeth; She just has that aura about her. He passes by the checker board on the coffee table, where the pieces have been mostly replaced with NA chips. It would appear Ruby is winning against herself, this time.
Dean finds himself stumbling over his words introducing himself to Benny, the Louisianan half-human half-vampire.
"Mm, you've got some bruises. Yeesh, did they use a two by four?"
Inside is a touch too warm as usual, so Castiel sheds his coat and loosens his tie an inch.
What? Dean's whole body flushes, "Does -- Does that mean you like me?"
“During which time he also reaffirms his commitment to the man on the bridge.”
She reaches over and touches his cheek, “I know so.”
“Anyway,” Bobby says, slapping the arms of his chair, “Fries?”
The weeping cherry should be ready to bloom any day now, which means Dean needs prepare to sweep up the zillion pink petals it's going to toss across the yard. He looks at his reflection in the mirror and it hits him: he's going to do it alone. There will be no Castiel to sit on the edge of the fountain and egg him on. No Castiel to tell him the story of how he and Anna planted it the week before she left, and how it fell over three times that August before he finally tied it to a stake to keep it upright. No Castiel to thank him with kisses for a job well done.
The woman nods, “Good, good. Hey, we're getting the new James Patterson in on Sunday, do you think you could swing by to help shelve?”
After getting through another twenty-page article, Castiel's eyes start to glaze over, so he closes his laptop and cracks his neck. Anna, completely lost in the music, takes a minute to realize he's staring at her. When she does, her eyes flutter open and she smiles at him.
“Good.”
Now that they're alone, Castiel takes a moment looks Dean up and down. He's a little stocky, clean shaven, and slightly bow-legged. It's an appallingly hot combination, if Cas says so himself.
"Aren't you forgetting a few words in there?"
This turns out to be a good thing, because a few minutes later there's a furious knock at the door.
"You kinda look like a tax accountant,” Jo says.
“Dean? Winchester?”
He steps down from the podium and makes a beeline to Adra, who puts a warm hand on his cheek.
Maybe tomorrow will be enlightening. He tries not to hope so.
Castiel tugs off his coat. "Um, ham." His face is warm.
"Nothin'," Dean says, still grinning, "Just, uh, you."
There are still mounds of snow clustered around tree trunks and beneath large statues. Mary's grave is icy, so Dean spends a few minutes chipping away at the bits frozen around her name. Sam clears debris from the foot of the grave.
Castiel rolls onto his side, facing Dean. "I'm surprised you haven't told Sam, at least."
Oh. He puts on a lascivious grin, "Well, you can come on in."
Dean slinks into the diner, which is bustling with people, all cheery and laughing. He scowls. The hostess eyes them but says nothing, and shows them to their usual booth, three from the corner on the right side.
He snorts despite himself, “Yeah, uh, it definitely did. Still not, still not an excuse, though.”
“You've grown hydrangeas before.”
Jess beams at Dean, her hair a big golden halo in the doorway. She and Sam hug, and Sam kisses her cheek. Dean makes a gagging sound. Jess laughs. When she leaves, Sam trots over to the kitchen.
"Hm. Okay, I would like to join you."
"Not s'bad."
He's nice to look at, Dean thinks. Like, really nice. He's got a sharp profile. Chiseled, maybe is a word he would use, like one of those Greek statues.
Cas swallows, "Oh.” He clears his throat, “Right. Uh, that was my original intention for the garden. It was... I wanted to leave a legacy. I could put something beautiful out into the world, something that would last a long time. Last... longer than me."
“At least let her know you're not dead in a ditch somewhere.”
The diner is a little hole-in-the-wall off a side street, with a hand-painted Open sign in the window. A middle-aged woman is working behind the counter, cleaning an already spotless section of counter, seemingly for want of something to do. She's a few years older than Castiel's mother and calls him dear. She smiles at him when they walk in, and starts getting a doubleshot ready.
“Woah woah, hey,” Dean says, handing him his coffee, “Who died?”
Dean lets himself be shooed out and Castiel slams the door.
He would tell her he loves her. She would smile and tell him she knows. He would drift off to sleep, safe in the knowledge that she would be there when he woke.
“It has been a long time.”
“I apologize,” He says, looking away.
“Uh, my friend to get better?”
“Ah,” Charlie says a little distantly, like she doesn't really get it.
Adra frowns, "That's unfortunate. Free condoms were popularized in the 1980s by gay activists amidst the AIDS crisis, actually. They understood that promoting safer sex was more important than pretending we did not have it.” She gestures with the condoms again, “Do
Dean's shaking a little when they get back to the waiting area. The other family has gone, thankfully, but Dean keeps glancing at the door, expecting them to barge in any second. They don't, but just as they sit down, a woman in a long white coat comes in. She's tall with curly blonde hair. Adra seems to recognize her, and stands up. Dean follows.
Sam grits his teeth and lets her work her magic.
Sam looks at him like he's stupid, “To see Mom.”
“Fuck,” He says, throwing himself into a chair, “Who knew funerals would be this fucking exhausting?”
Whatever, no skin off his nose. He takes the number and heads out.
People filter in about an hour later. Sam and Bobby come by, Sam with his hair pulled back into a teeny ponytail and Bobby in a wide, dark Stetson. They say their condolences and Bobby leaves a hand on the side of the casket for a long while. Dean thinks he hears him call Cas an idjit, but he can't be sure.
“Yes. Alright.”
He touches his tie again, running his fingers down it for comfort. He coughs a couple times.
“Well, well, well,” Bela says in her poshest accent, “I didn't expect to see you here.” She smiles at him, not hungrily exactly, but like she'd enjoy actually eating him. Probably with a side of red wine.
“Yes? What about him?”
“Right,” She says, “Ruby's just being stubborn, but she'll come around.”
“Hey, man,” Dean says, as Ash takes a pancake. “Tell Jo what you were telling me in Forensics.”
“I think that's sweet,” Castiel says.
“Merde,” He mumbles, coughing. Dean guides him backwards until he falls back onto the couch.
An alarm goes off on his phone as he's scraping up the remaining blueberry juice onto his fork, and Cas excuses himself to the bathroom to take his antibiotic. At the sink, he splashes water in his face. He has a bit of stubble growing in, thick and dark across his jaw; he rubs his thumb over it. Hopefully Dean won't mind.
“I have to be at work at six tonight,” Adra shouts.
His mother left him a burger, which he eats in small bites, chewing thoroughly. He grabs another Ensure just to be safe. Outside, a hummingbird activates the automatic lights. It hovers around the winter holly for a few seconds before disappearing into the rapidly fading twilight. When did he last water the garden? He can't remember. Ugh. At least the forecast calls for rain.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hesitates, “I'm... better.”
Indeed.
John's eyes turn steely, and Dean freezes. "I don't like your tone, young man,” He grunts. Shame wells up and Dean stares at the table. "I gave you an order.”
He goes back to his dorm and straightens things up, then finishes his paper in the library. Anna is getting off work around the time he finishes, so he bikes over to her apartment and lets himself in. At the top of the stairs, though, he freezes, hearing voices.
They look at one another and Castiel feels - once again - like he's intruding on something. Then Ruby's dark brown eyes slide to him.
Dean flushes. "Well. Ugh, whatever. I can't believe I'm – friends with somebody so uncultured."
"Course. So what's with the uh, heart attack on a plate?"
The next performer goes, and then it's Jo's turn. She comes out in concert black, her hair gently curled and half of it clipped back. She's totally alone on stage, the lights hiding everything except her and the piano. She unfolds her songbook and cracks her knuckles. Then, she plays. It starts slow, a soft little melody that climbs from one side of the keys to the other, spring waking after winter. Then it explodes, fast, harsh notes, fireworks, canons, couples dancing across a ballroom floor cut with scenes of war.
“Occasionally.”
She would smile back and look away, a little sad, “Any time.” She would go over to the window and peer out, her face reflecting double in the glass, though she wouldn't be able to see it up close, “Y'know, I used to love people-watching.” She would say, “I wasn't allowed outside by myself when I was here, so I would sit by the window for hours just... watching the world go by. There were a lot of old people. I tried to imagine how it would feel to get so old. To just wake up every day and have a new ache or pain. It just made me sad. It sounded horrible, really.”
“Hey!” Dean snaps, “Driver picks--”
Dean hesitates in the doorway. They're out of view of the rest of the family. Cas eyes him, smiling a little. "I like this," he says, "Everyone is so nice."
There's silence for a few moments. Adra's shoulders begin to shake, and it takes Dean a second to realize she's crying.
Castiel grimaces. "Sorry."
"Fine. Does tomorrow work? Cas is staying over so you can torture both of us with it."
"Uh, what?"
Dean considers for a moment, then rolls his eyes, “Well, whatever, c'mere.” He kisses him, tucking his hand behind Cas' ear.
"The vegetables are rotten," He admits, his throat tight, "They've barely grown at all this year." He rubs his eyes as a couple tears leak out. "Merde."
He shuffles over and Cas reaches out, putting a hand on his cheek. He leans into it. Cas pressed his thumb against his lips and he puckers. He holds his eyes closed for a long moment. His lip quivers.
With a grin, Dean goes back to his seat. Castiel knows how much Dean does for Sam, but seeing it up close is something else. He wonders how much of Dean's habit of turning towards people rather than away is learned and how much is innate; But either way, its a trait Castiel deeply admires. He's really something special, that Dean. That Castiel gets to be so close to him makes him very, very happy.
They shoot the shit for a while, until Sam starts slumping on the arm of the couch.
Castiel has a backpack slung over one shoulder and his medical vest tucked under his arm. In his other arm he has some limp purple flowers. He holds them out to Dean.
Novak looks concerned.
On the way home, Dean drives one-handed, the other slotting into Castiel's.
"What?"
Oh, that's why.
She pulls back a little and frowns, “I wasn't sure if you were gonna be able to make it.”
“Can you help me decorate?” Sam asks. He kicks a cardboard box in their direction. Dean looks at Castiel and shrugs.
"Dean? Dean!" Mr. B calls.
"What was she like?" He asks in a small voice.
After not long enough, Dean breaks away. He kisses Castiel's cheek and backs up.
The river is a couple miles west of town and cold no matter the time of year. It's far enough away from the city that the sound pollution hasn't hit it yet; the burbling of the river is the loudest thing for a mile. In late summer, the closer one gets to the edge of the water the greener the shrubbery becomes. The water reflects and refracts the brilliant, hot sunlight, bright enough that Castiel has to squint if he wants to look directly at it.
Ellen looks at him a moment and shrugs, “Well, if that's how you wanna spend your summer break I guess I can't stop you.”
“He would hate all of this crap. Too processed,” She remarks, making a face at her slice of cheesecake before shoving it in her mouth in one bite.
Bobby looks at Dean, "Boy."
"It does, but the toilet needs repaired."
"So, was Alfie your first boyfriend?" Dean asks, watching a plane disappear behind some clouds.
“Dean.”
Dean stands in front of him, only coming up to Cas' chin. He smells like minty aftershave.
“Hello.”
“Shit. I mean like, you look good now.”
Sam blushes and turns back to the stove, "Jess helped."
https://www.opencounseling.com/suicide-hotlines
Bobby takes a deep breath and doesn't look at him.
There's a big lobby and a front desk. Adra gives their information and the guy hands them visitor stickers. They go up the elevator to floor 16, the intensive care unit also known as Talbot's Landing, after one of the hospital's biggest donors. There, they show their passes and Adra leads Dean to a waiting room with a bunch of tables and chairs separated by half-wall dividers. A family with two parents and a little girl are tucked a cubicle near the window. Adra nods at them and goes to sit down in the opposite corner. She sheds her jean jacket and bag. Dean follows suit, spinning his ring around and around on his finger.
Jo leans over on the counter and pop-pop-pops her spine back into place. She rolls her neck with a satisfying crunch, “Ahh.”
Charlie helps him lug his stuff up to her room. She still has a bunk bed, although the bottom bunk has been removed so it's really just a loft. Her room is bright in a literal sense: the walls are a creamy yellow and she's hung string lights up all around where the wall meets the ceiling. She has fewer decorations than Dean, but enough that anyone could reasonably guess her book taste, favorite Buffy character, and sexuality when they walk in. There's soft indie music playing at a low volume.
Dean closes his eyes, relishing his first couple drags. When he opens them, he looks at Castiel with one eyebrow raised, “You smoke?”
“Ellen!” He says, and goes to hug her. She's dressed well too, and Sam is jealous of her flannel tucked into dark-wash jeans.
Dean huffs and sits up a little, “Well, then ask us for help.”
Downstairs, he's pulling on his coat when Adra comes over wrapped up in a long cardigan.
Slowly, as if he's at war with himself, Dean nods. “Okay,” He says, “Yeah. Okay. Okay.”
He makes a face, “You said you were gonna do it!”
“A semi truck?!” Her eyes go wide.
"Okay, okay. Thanks, Mom."
“I see,” Castiel says. It must've come out kind of icy, because Dean leans back in his seat.
"Uh," Dean mumbles, moving his hands around but not placing them, like he's not sure where they should go, "I just, uh, wasn't expecting that."
“Hey, man! Glad you could make it, come on in.” He's in just a t-shirt and jeans, a beer can already in hand.
She glances at him a couple more times before they lapse into silence. In the back seat, Castiel has begun to snore.
“Thank you?”
"Geez, Dad," Sam says from behind a large baking pan, "Enough with the twenty questions."
"Fuck,” She says again.
“Oh?”
He waves them over.
Castiel kneels down, careful to keep the cabbage in the ground as he inspects it. The plant is pale purple, bumpy, and roughly the size of his palm. He sighs.
“What did he want?” Sam asks, leaning closer.
At the end of the song, Bela leans over and kisses him on the cheek, “Well, babe, that was fun, but I need a breather. Also, I think your spikes punctured a hole in my chest.”
He shakes his head, “Me neither. Imagine my surprise when on my birthday, Jo pulls out an envelope full of cash they'd all been saving for the last three months. Those bastards.” His grin could split his face in half.
More silence. It hangs heavy between them.
Dean nods, reaching out for another piece of her pastry.
Dean raises his eyebrows, taking this in, “Huh.” After a moment he grins, “Should I swing by her office hours sometime, let her know I'm friends with her son?”
They come out of the kitchen nigh half an hour later.
"And it's Anna's legacy, too?"
Adra is there when he wakes again, along with a large bouquet of flowers. She's reading in the chair and looks up when he stirs. There are plastic snack wrappers balancing on the arm of the chair.
"Ouch, dude,” He says, clutching his chest.
“That's fucking awesome.”
“Well,” She glances over again, “Something to think about.”
Cas doesn't say anything.
Dean leads Sam out to the car and nudges him into the back seat, where he curls up against the window.
He remembers thinking,
"Oh my god." He starts to rinse out the shampoo.
There's a soft knock at the door to announce someone's presence before the person lets themself in.
“Um, a cat's penis is sharply barbed along it's shaft. I am fairly sure the females were not consulted about this.”
Castiel bites his lip. "I... am getting to that, actually."
Bela heaves a long-suffering sigh, “Only when Uriel actually steps down.”
"Alright,” She says, hesitating a little, “I'll be back in an hour." and she goes.
Castiel tries not to make a face. Cute or not, slacking is annoying, and decidedly unattractive.
“So, uh, a few months ago, Sam took in a stray cat,” He starts, unlatching the clasp of the carrier, “He's as nice as anything, but Bobby's house is hardly wheelchair-safe, much less cat-safe, so uh...” He puts his fingers out and Gabriel comes out, sniffing cautiously. He meows when he sees Adra. “He's yours if you'll take him.”
Castiel laughs and shakes his head. "My mother asked me the same thing, too, once. No, Dean, I'm gay."
He hears Castiel sigh, then piss like a racehorse.
Dean forces himself to smile. "Okay. Let's get you inside, then."
“Oh good, you're up. Now go shower.”
"Nah,” Sam grimaces, “I'm just surprised it took you so long."
“Bobby...” He says, raising his eyebrows in a challenge. “I was just saying to Dean here--”
“Wow. That’s fucking incredible. Like, I don’t mean good incredible, I mean like, unbelievable, that kind of incredible. Like, wow. Am I rambling? Sorry, I do that when I’m, uh-- when I'm high.”
“Oh, Dean,” He says, his voice barely above a whisper.
Castiel's eyes go wide, "I didn't know I did that."
“Of course,” says Castiel.
He sighs, "We talked about... her. And you."
Inside the box is a bunch of ornaments, all wrapped in tissues and plastic baggies. Most of them are homemade. Castiel unwraps a star made of popsicle sticks and glitter glue. Dean puts on Christmas music, and insists on singing along to every one. Cas suspects it has more to do with how red Sam becomes rather than Dean's Christmas cheer, but he has a nice voice, so Castiel doesn't mind.
"I believe Bobby would prefer if we kept that between us," Cas says as he dries.
John is slung across the couch reading when they get in. Sam glances at him, but Dean shoos him off to bed and Sam practically falls through the doorway.
Dean raises his eyebrows, "Ahh, yeah, I've heard that."
Dean opens his mouth to say something, like maybe his I have a massive crush on you confession from the other week is finally gonna come out.
"This is Dean we're talking about."
"Who the hell told you that?" Bobby asks darkly.
He shrugs, “Nah, I brought it up.”
He swallows, "Um. He's good. I've been helping him in the garden. It's pretty fun, actually."
“Thanks.”
"Okay, weirdo."
Sam, bless him, tries really hard not to roll his eyes. "Yeah, I will."
“It was alright, there was a ton of traffic on 35. Oh, and a semi was on fire.”
“Um...” Sam starts.
“You sure you're okay?” Dean asks once Castiel has righted himself. Castiel clears his throat and straightens his back.
He glances at the counter, where a beat-up book with a sailing ship on the cover is sitting. "This one." He grabs it and tucks it under his arm, then he goes and grabs his jacket off the chair. He glances at Dean and doesn't look at Castiel. At the door, he says, "I'll be back late, so you boys behave. And Dean?"
Dean lights up, "Fuck yeah, Cas, this has been great. One of my top five dates for sure."
As he cooks, Sam chatters about his trip to the mall with Kevin last weekend and Dean makes himself a cup of coffee. Apparently they got Starbucks courtesy of Mrs. Tran, and they were able to get free samples at the food court three times before they got recognized. While he talks, Dean checks the calendar for John's work schedule. Monday, November 2nd. Huh, he's not scheduled the next couple days. So where the hell is he?
“Dean,” Castiel says, because it's the only thing to say. In slow motion, Dean puts a hand out and hovers it above Castiel's chest. Cas reaches up and finishes the job so Dean's hand is pressed against his heart. He musters up the control to breathe in, hold, out, and Dean blinks rapidly a few times.
Dean shakes his head, grinning. They do wind up making out in the driveway before they leave, and it's awesome.
"You, too."
In the coming weeks, they will make room for the summer vegetables, sweep up the petals from the weeping cherry, and sort through all the tools in the shed. Adra will have a memorial stone made for the entranceway, with Castiel's name, birth and death days, and a quote about the Garden of Eden. It will sit next to the one inscribed
"Of course." He hops down from the edge of the fountain, his knees creaking. He feels Dean's eyes on him on his way back inside.
“Brother? I thought I was your daughter? You and Ash's lovechild?”
“There aren't any lungs currently available for him.”
It's slow going even with an extra person. Ash gets stuck behind a mountain of dishes for the better part of half an hour. Ellen comes back as Jo is finishing off her side of the room and they make introductions. "This is N-- Castiel Novak, a friend from school. Cas, this is Ellen, my mom."
“You can actually use them to help break down compost,” Castiel offers.
"Yeah. How'd you figure it out? Alfie?"
He shuffles over to the couch in the living room and falls back asleep with crisp fall sunlight pouring in through the tall windows.
“Um,” He says again, then turns towards Anna a little more, “I'm not happy you're not coming home with me.”
Panting, Dean leans on a tree and watches the battle. Fuck. Maybe their odds aren't as good as he thought.
“Castiel?” She asks as they pull out of the neighborhood for the second time. She flexes her hands on the steering wheel.
"Top five?" He arches an eyebrow. "Should I be offended?"
"Nothing," He says, pulling at the lapels of his trenchcoat, "I'm nervous, I suppose."
“Jo,” Dean says, putting a hand on her leg, “Breathe. In'n'out, that'sa girl.”
Cas smirks.
It takes Dean three seconds for his brain to come online, but when it does he smiles hard, "Oh, yeah, fuck-- hell yeah, man, I can do that." He winks.
He screws his face up and tries not to cry, “It hurts.” He says, “It's so heavy.”
“Urgh. One of these days you will figure out the magic email formula.”
“He, uh, doesn't mention your family much,” Dean says, half statement, half question.
“And... And fuck, I dunno. Sing it lullubies or some shit.”
"Yeah, you'd know all about that, wouldn't you?"
Sam raises an eyebrow, "Um, he's fine. He's really cool. Why?"
"Yesteryear?"
Underneath his big coat, Castiel has on a t-shirt with
“Isn't that how this started?”
“Sam just doesn't listen to a damn thing Dad says. It's like he doesn't care!”
“Hey, man.”
"...No, I guess not."
When he's alone, Dean leans over the sink and throws up.
He frowns, "Did... Did you not want to?"
Anna huffs again, “And I'm telling you no. Sorry, Cas, but you guys'll be fine.”
About a block from the middle school, Sam turns down the music.
“Right, exactly.”
Someone like him. The way he says sounds like he means more than just 'someone who's sick', but Dean doesn't press.
Dean frowns. He opens his mouth to say something, but Adra cuts in.
He takes a deep breath and knocks on the door. All his calming thoughts are thrown out the window when Dean answers, dressed in a well-fitting, wine red shirt with the sleeves rolled up. His hair is slicked back with way too much gel, but that doesn't stop Cas from wanting to run his hands through it to mess it up. "Um, hello, Dean."
“I have a tattoo appointment next month,” He says, following Adra around the garden. The tiger lilies are past bloom, collecting in shriveled husks at their own feet. He and Adra are talking of replacing them with foxglove when the time comes.
“Hey kid,” Bobby says, wheeling in and parking his chair on the other side of the table.
"For Moondoor!"
“No,” He repeats, pointing a finger at Dean's bare chest.
“Honestly? Relieved. We were born here, Sam and I, and we spent some eight or nine years here before we moved. I mean, Bobby and the Harvelles and Ash are all here. This is home.”
They look at each other, and Charlie starts blinking fast. Dean swallows and looks away.
He shakes his head, “No thank you. Water, actually.”
Bobby huffs, pulling meat out from the drawer, "None of that Mister Singer crap, Cas, you're not one of my students. It's Bobby."
She smiles at him for a second, and looks like she wants to say something else. But before she can, he is hit with a wave of nausea and he goes to lie down on the couch.
“Yeah, no problem. Where do you live?”
He rolls his eyes. “Shaddup. Hey, is it alright if we bring Cas home?”
Mrs. Bradbury wheels herself in from the kitchen. She's a proud woman, stout, with her long red hair clipped back to show off her dangly earrings and the long scar that runs from her cheekbone to just behind her ear. “Leia! Let's go outside! C'mon girl!”
“Right. Anyway, I dunno about you, but I was pissed when he didn't follow through on making the creature's wife.”
To that Castiel says nothing.
He shrugs, forgiving. He would've forgotten, too. That doesn't stop his hands from shaking as he lifts the lid, though. On top of all the familiar photographs and memorabilia is a leather journal, the same one Dean gave Castiel for Christmas all those months ago. On top is a note.
“That's not an apology.”
The conversation turns from Dean to other topics as Anna finishes making dinner. Castiel tells her about the idiots in his English II class and she regales him with how badly Noah fucked up the delivery schedule, so she had to haul 10 boxes of records in and get them on display all in a single afternoon, with the promise of more coming tomorrow.
Castiel smiles and dips forward to kiss Dean's shoulder, “Thank you, dear.”
Edith takes their orders, and they sip their coffee in silence for a few minutes.
“Love you,” He whispers, quiet enough that only Castiel hears him.
“Alright, thanks for that. I'm gonna, uh, let you sleep.”
He tucks The Vest back in between his nightstand and desk. Dean puts his phone away.
Castiel is quiet for a moment, "I didn't know you liked men, too."
“No. I mean you can, but you probably shouldn't.”
He nods and coughs, “It's not my favorite.”
Castiel's knees crack as he stands up. Jo laughs and calls him an old man. “Thank you. Besides, it's not safe out here for young women at night.”
“Yeah uh, on my back. It would be a pair of wings, but like, made out of flowers? For, um, for Castiel.”
“Anyway, Castiel. I'm sorry you're sick.”
"I would," He swallows. "I um, had a friend in France who taught me a lot about local cuisine."
He whips around, spell sack slotted into his slingshot. Out of the forest steps a woman about his age in a long purple dress, with shimmery translucent wings stuck on her back. A fairy!
"Thank you."
There are bright pink petals trapped under an inch of fountain ice.
Mrs. B asks him how he is, and Dean falters.
John glares, “Listen--”
Ash shakes his head, “Nah, can't say I do.”
Adra's smile is as bright as the sun, “Oh, Dean, that would be wonderful. You would be really great at that.”
“Morning, Edith,” He says, “This is my friend Dean.”
"It -- I don't know! I don't know,” He admits, feeling small, “I just feel like I can't breathe."
Dean checks his watch just for something to do, "Oh, hey, shit, I gotta head out soon."
His smile drops. “Well, I don't see any alternatives, do you?”
At one point, Jo starts taking deep, audible breaths in and forgetting to let it out.
The young man blinks a few times and his face carefully blanks. He's gotten taller since high school, filled out a bit. It looks good on him. "Uh, hey." He squints, "Cas, right? Sorry, uh, it's been a while."
“Protect me?” Anna laughs, cold, “I don't need your help.”
“Yeah, man. Maybe you can start a book club at the library or something and invite everyone. I'm sure Cas can help you set it up.”
He gets up and goes to the fridge. There's the weird yogurt Sam likes, and some coldcuts that don't smell too bad, milk, and eggs. He grabs a slice of ham and rolls it around a slice of cheese.
He thrashes and escapes. He kicks the fence and stomps it before Dean is able to heave him back. Dean drags him over to the fountain and forces him to sit down. It's embarrassing how easily he goes. The concrete is cold through his pajama pants and the impact sends a jolt up his spine.
Sam bursts out laughing. Dean would too, if he hadn't just been insulted, “One year! I'm one year younger than you!”
They dump Cas' stuff in Dean's bedroom. “So, you gonna keep me up again with your snoring?”
“Oh, awesome!” Dean lights up, “Thank you. Um, you can set it over there.” He points to the kitchen table, where Sam has started clearing a space.
He furrows his brow. "Oh. Um, okay. Continue."
Jo smiles, a little sad. “Of course. Ash sends his love and says he's sorry he couldn't come.” Ash caught a bad cold, and didn't want to risk infecting Castiel, so he stayed home.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Ehh, it was worth a shot.”
“Sam.”
They walk a couple more laps around the neighborhood. Charlie gripes about her dad being up her ass about her grades and Dean complains about Ellen trying to cut his hair. When they get back, Mrs. B is nose-deep in a book and Mr. B has Jeopardy reruns on low volume. They sit and watch for a while, until Dean lets out a loud yawn.
“Um, computer science. What about you?”
Hell yes, he'll let him. In fact, he surges forward and kisses Cas again, a little frantic. He winds his hands into Cas' hair, and Cas' arms come around his neck. Fuck yes.
"Don't say anything 'til you've tried it, it could be poisonous for all we know,” Dean jokes.
He thinks about it. “Would you be bothered if I went to a party with your ex-boyfriend?”
He hovers over the words, ready to cross them out.
He types out a very long paragraph about the show, its initial reception, and why they made the changes they did from the pilot to the first aired episode, but halfway through he tells himself Castiel won't care, and deletes it. Instead, he says:
Dean's not ashamed to admit he's fucking obsessed. He wants more of Castiel, wants all of him.
She would turn back to him, thoughtful, for once not sad. She would come over to the side of his bed and touch his forehead, leaning over to kiss the spot.
“Myself.”
“Oh,” Castiel says, for lack of anything better to say.
Castiel rubs his eyes with his thumb and middle finger, “Nothing that involves thinking.”
"We could stay out here," He suggests as he undoes his tie.
Her face softens. He forces himself not to lean away when she reaches out and touches his cheek.
Merde.
“No, I'm just gonna let him suffer. Yes, I'll ask him.”
"You said it," He says, flashing her a smile and squeezing her arm. He sets his face and gives her his best knightly look of determination, "C'mon, go show the fair folk what's what."
Something is sitting on Castiel's chest, pressing steadily down. It hurts. He tries to cough and it gets stuck halfway up his throat. Merde. There are more machines beeping and whirring around him than there were this morning. Yesterday? Last year? He isn't sure.
Sure, right.
CW for funerals, underage alcohol use, and grief
Castiel buries his face in his shaking hands. When he looks up, he's a million miles away. He loved her. He loved her so much he feels sick, the grief raw like new in his throat.
He pulls a couple photos out, printed on plain printer paper so they're wrinkled under the weight of the ink. Dean looks at him expectantly.
"Good afternoon," He says.
They shuffle in and Dean leans down to give him a hug.
"Is there more?" Dean leans closer. Castiel nods and digs out a couple envelopes and an old flip phone.
“Yeah, I will.”
For E. Miss you.
"I don't see why not,” He shrugs, “She got pregnant with me when she was my age. Besides,” He makes a face, “I'm personally glad our first time won't be in the back of your car.”
She scrunches up her face and sneezes.
"Uh, I'm getting mixed messages here, man."
"I dunno what's eating him," He says eventually, watching the space John just left from.
"Are you okay?" Adra asks, when Jo is finally able to take a deep breath and wipe her face off.
"Moondoor," Charlie moans, "We got sneak-attacked and lost all but three of our knights an hour in. It was disgusting."
“Oh,” Dean says. Right. John usually drink himself stupid on November 2nd. Right. “Okay. Great.”
Adra moves to let her into the cabinet.
He bows deeply, and she grins. He starts to say something, but her eyes go wide, "Get down!" She shouts. He drops, but not fast enough-- a sticky thwack tells him he's been hit with a Nerf arrow. Thwack, another. Shit. Shit.
It's a nice morning.
He gives a small nod and she touches his face, runs the back of her fingers down his cheek.
"I don't see what the problem is."
“Dad's fine, just passed out at Bobby's.” He explains, suddenly feeling 10 degrees too warm.
He hesitates for a second before taking it. “I should be fine,” He says, more to himself than to Dean. He holds the cigarette between his middle and ring fingers, and gets all of two drags in before his lungs start throwing a fit and he has to hand it back.
"Oh, hey Cas," Bobby says, smiling, "How's your mom?"
Jo drops off the order and checks on her other tables, bringing table 6 another sweet tea. Back at the bar, Dean says, "Oh, Ash wanted to talk to you."
"Oh. Yeah, dude, I get that all the time."
"H'lo?" The voice sounds deep and scratchy.
They hug. Dean squeezes, just a little.
Castiel doesn't say anything -- he
He snorts, "Yeah, good thing, otherwise you'd have to call me Oedipus."
He shrugs and goes to sit back down, “Any time, Sammy.”
"Uhhh,” Dean answers, mid-lather.
“He will have to stay at the hospital for a while,” Adra explains, tucking the bag under the passenger seat, “This is his overnight bag.”
Charlie looks at him, a frown pulling at one side of her mouth.
He whispers questions to Balthazar and learns that his heart almost gave out. The doctors were surprised but the nurses weren't, they think it's a side-effect of the medications he's on, or a combination of side-effects. Still, that he collapsed so quickly after getting out of bed has him labelled a fall risk. Meg wasn't lying when she said he'd be stuck in bed for a week – he has to call a nurse now every time he wants do so much as get up to pee. Great.
“Doesn't Adra's room have a bathroom?" He laughs.
Captain Kirk's line,
Almost Friday.
"It was a joke," She explains, "I mean, why all the desserts?"
CW: main character death
“Castiel? You're back early,” She says, glancing up at him.
He bites his lip, “Um. We have potatoes, right? What about those fries you make?”
He grimaces, “No, it's like, half and half. Brady and Kevin are going here, and me and Jess are going to yours.”
“Yeah, dude. You just said your plans fell through, why don't you come over to mine instead?”
“Hey,” Ash manages, his voice cracking. Damn it, him too?
Dean Winchester isn’t a morning person. He is a sleep-til-noon, 3-cups-of-black-coffee-when-he-wakes-up person. Of course, the universe is an uncaring bastard, so today like most days, he's up before the sun, yanking on a t-shirt and an old pair of jeans while someone calls his name.
They stay out in the cold a little while longer. Castiel puts his hands in his pockets when he can no longer feel his fingers.
“No idea, but I'll ask around,” Gabe offers.
“I always wanted a cat,” Castiel says, patting the cats butt, “I asked my mother for one for Christmas for five years in a row.”
“Come with me? Where?”
“Who's 'we'?” Dean asks.
She pauses her audiobook. "Oh, hello, Castiel. How's it coming?"
"And? Have you been stupid?"
“Good plan.”
“Likewise, Dean. Don't be a stranger.”
When he's gone, Ash leans over and asks how much they've made in tips tonight.
“Am I wrong?”
He hesitates. “I... What if it doesn't work?”
Anna smiles at him, “Yeah? Thanks.”
This room is larger, with little end tables on either side stacked with tissue boxes and little water bottles. There are rows of chairs, and beside each are a couple boards full of photos. He and Adra had spent hours sifting through them picking out the good ones. At the front of the room are bushels of roses framing a long wooden box.
He's a little more awake after he eats, the food sitting cool and thick in his belly. Adra reads to him for a while, until Meg comes back to do some tests and she has to leave. She comes back afterwards, and they talk about his diagnosis.
He raises his eyebrows at Sam when he climbs in.
Dean moves Alfie's items to the side, scooting closer to Castiel. Cas' breath catches in his throat.
He puts the journal and pen down, holding it against his chest as he breathes in, hold, out, the same way he's done his entire life. That's the problem, of course. He's been preparing for this, this inevitable eventually, in one way or another since he was six months old. He and Anna shared the gift of short-sightedness, of no future, and yet now faced with it, he's completely blindsided. He needs... Mon dieu, mon dieu, he doesn't know what he needs.
“Mm. Maybe you can put tarps down next time.”
“Damn it, Cas. I loved you, you know that?” He hits the tire, “I really fucking did!” He gets the hood again. “You – you bastard! You son of a bitch!”
"Yes. You dated Lisa and... Carmen, correct?"
“I'm not... happy about it, though,” he insists.
“It's Miss.”
“Drive ya home?” He offers, clicking his phone off. He slides off the hood of the car and wobbles a little, flailing his arms to catch himself before he falls.
Strange, Castiel decides, but not entirely unpleasant.
“Thanks, kid. I gotta go, but ring me if you need anything.”
“How was it?” He gestures to the empty plate.
He grins. Ah, Meg. She checks his vitals and hooks him to a mobile IV. He's a little shaky when he stands, but it passes. He does take Meg's offered arm though, and they shuffle out into the hall.
CW for John, and discussions of death, depression and suicide
Sam rolls his eyes, "Who cares."
Dean holds out his hand and she gives him a piece. It takes like preservatives with an afterthought of cinnamon. “You said it, Ma,” He says, “You know, Cas has never had a cheese dog?”
"Hey, I was efficient!" Dean says, flopping down beside him.
Castiel clears his throat. "Um. Yes." He smiles.
Cas holds out his hand. Dean glances back at Sam, still passed out, and takes it.
He huffs a laugh, “Probably.”
“Nothing, Sammy,” Dean laughs nervously.
Dean glances over and his lips twitch into a smile, but he shakes his head, "Can't, I'm clocking out at 7:30."
Dean nearly chokes on his soda. "No," He says, too quickly. Sam was kidding, but he looks over at Dean again, puzzled. Dean pulls at his collar.
“Thank you.”
Dean chugs three mini water bottles and then off goes to pee. The bathroom is quiet, cut off from outside sound. There's a basket of dried flowers on the sink. Rose petals, maybe, and some prickler seeds. It smells nice, but strong.
He smiles. She steps away.
He shifts in his seat, "I'm sorry about that."
She swings the car around and does her best not to roll her eyes. Back at the house, Castiel races to the backyard and latches the shed door shut. He bends the wire cage around the vegetables, tucking the ends into the dirt. He runs back to the car, breathing hard when he gets in.
Jo hesitates going up, a wrinkled piece of looseleaf in her hands, but Charlie nudges her on.
“Sure is. So where's this diner?” He asks, licking his lips.
Meg laughs and pats his foot, which is under a very soft blanket, “Yeah, aren't we all?”
“I know, man. The brownies are good though.”
“Sex.” Castiel nods. They sit there in silence for a moment and Dean sweeps his eyes over Castiel. As the heat builds, Cas feels the need to clarify, "Nothing, um, penetrative," He wrinkles his nose. "But I do want you to touch my dick."
Dean doesn't say anything.
“Hey, Bobby.”
"I have to pee.”
The house lights flicker once, twice.
A cannon goes off in the distance, and Dean only has a few seconds to grab his sword.
“Is everything okay, Dean?” She asks.
“True that.”
“Thank you. It's actually why I don't like today.”
“Ah.” That's how he knows the name.
"Damn, he's really outdone himself this time," Dean says through a mouthful of bread.
"Yeah, he's pissed. We can stay the night, though."
As she finishes gathering her things, Anna looks at him and grimaces.
“Cas?” Dean says. He reaches a hand out, but it hovers between him and Castiel's shoulder.
He eyes his little brother, "Yeah. I guess I just... It wasn't always like that. You were too young to remember, I think, but I do and I just... I wanted things to go back to normal."
"Thank you," Castiel says, and leans over to kiss him. Dean kisses back, hard, into Castiel. They kiss, and kiss, and kiss.
"Shit," Dean says, moving a hand to his hair, "Shhh, baby, shhh, it's okay." His hands are warm. A gust of wind blows around them.
"Hello, Ellen, I'm well. How are you?"
“Sup?” He says, “You wanna come over for dinner? We can do a movie night.”
"Sure thing, brah."
Ash tosses Chemistry vocab words her way and she fumbles through definitions.
Anna makes a face, “He means well, and he's only 16. It's not his fault we give him too many responsibilities.”
"Where were you?" John asks over the top of his reading glasses.
Shit. Adra leans forward, “Yes?”
“Dean,” Castiel says, looking Dean in the eyes, “Let's go on a walk. Sam, you can stay here. Don't worry about cleaning yet.”
Dean hesitates, "Um. We don't wanna impose."
“You think so?”
"You, too. Although I did just see you at school."
He feigns surprise and raises his eyebrows, “Oh?”
“What would you like for Christmas, little boy?” He asks, very seriously.
“Chyeah, I know,” Jo says. She twirls a strand of hair around her finger, “Ash's gonna be pissed we did this without him.”
“Ah.” Castiel fishes around in his own pocket, “Here.”
“Um. Please?” Charlie adds quickly.
When they get back upstairs, someone has started the music, something a little too loud with a repetitive electronic beat. Gabriel bids them adieu and shouts about setting up a beer pong table to one of the guys in the kitchen. Some enthusiastic whooping is involved.
“Good.”
Castiel gives him a look, “Like what?”
His stomach growls. He props himself up on his pillow and calls for the nurse.
Instead, he all but sprints back to the living room. Sam glances at him and smirks. "You look like you've seen a ghost."
Ruby turns. “Cas?”
She snorts. "Shit, thanks, Novak."
“Mon dieu,” He says when the episode ends. His heart hurts.
“How are your midterms?” His mother asks through a bite of boereg. They're sitting across one another in her office. The tiny window is almost entirely blocked out by books and stacks of papers lining the walls. Indeed, she even has one book cracked open on her desk that she was taking notes in when he got there.
Dean looks back at the house, the warm light spilling from the glass door. Mrs. B and Charlie have disappeared, but Mr. B is still there, hanging coats in the hall closet.
Castiel awakes with pain shooting in his throat. He lurches up to cough and gets caught on the wires sticking out of his nose. Mon dieu. He crashes back down and coughs into his elbow instead. Everything hurts. Everything hurts. He fumbles for the call button with weak fingers.
Winchester, you idiot.
Castiel smiles, "Okay, idiot."
"Fuck." He sighs, scrubbing a face with his hands.
He yanks the door open to a distressed-looking Castiel and grins. "Needs repaired?”
“I'm here.” He smiles softly.
He squints. Yeah, he can kind of see them clinging to the trellis behind the vegetables. “Oh yeah, sure.”
He nods. He can agree to that.
They're driving near the mall, Sam recognizes the sign for the coffeeshop down the street. Kevin's going to a high school near here next year, he's pretty sure. In fact, after a few minutes, Dean swings into a parking lot for said high school. It's twice the size of Dean's school, with big white pillars out front holding up the overhand. There are dozens of families scattered around outside, and a lot of kids in long black dresses or white shirt-black pants combo. Most of them are clutching instrument cases, from a foot-ling square box to a curvy box taller than Sam. Ellen is standing near the curb, and waves when she spots Dean's car.
“I've moved around, too,” Castiel says. He is laying on Dean's bed, watching the snow fall upside-down through the window. Dean is laying beside him in the opposite direction, his arms behind his head and his feet up on the wall.
"Hello, Dean."
“Oh.”
“Mooorning,” He says, taking him in with a cursory glance.
“Huh. You gonna go?”
“Hell yeah.”
He winces. That tree he's talking about is as tall as a house, and even the lowest branches are at Dean's head height. Shit. Dean trails behind Victor and opens the infirmary curtain for him. "They're fucking brutal this year." He shakes his head.
"Thanks, it's a talent." She winks.
“Oh? Cool. Will you need a ride home?”
"How long have you been doing that?"
His sour mood isn't fully abated by the time he swings into the library to meet Dean.
Sam leaves, eventually.
“Oh, my God.”
Dean starts the car again, “So, where ya headed?”
“That's not gonna get me to give up Gabe,” He says. Castiel winces.
“Adra, hi,” The woman – doctor? – says.
“Roger Williams is great, but it's just so far, I don't think I could do that to Mom,” Charlie says, yanking back on Princess Leia's leash.
Dean nods at him and follows Charlie out.
“And?” Castiel challenges, leaning in.
“Jesus Christ, Bobby!”
“There are sixty-five. It's a little joke, actually; When he was a kid, he couldn't pronounce 'cystic fibrosis', so the doctor had him practice by saying 'sixty-five roses', and, well, he always thought it would be funny to have – to have at his funeral.”
“Yeah?”
Dean closes his eyes and his phone, not wanting to think about it. His body hurts. Nothing specific, just a vague, dull ache everywhere. He doesn't bother to get up and stretch, but he considers it.
“Cas,” He chokes out.
From another room, Sam shushes and tells Dean Cas is still sleeping.
(See the end of the chapter for
"The waltz is done on beats of three,” Castiel explains, looking down at Dean's bare feet, “I step forward and you step back, like this. Then I shift my weight and step back, and you step forward."
Castiel smiles, pressing his hand in closer, “I know, my love.” Dean breathes a sigh of relief. He leans over and presses their lips together, intentional, not moving for a few seconds.
“Abysmal. It's all impatiens,” She rolls her eyes.
"Please just hurry up. I don't think the hydrangeas would like it very much if I peed out the window."
“Hello,” He would say back.
Dean blinks, "What for?"
He swallows a few times. He takes a deep breath in, hold, out, “Um.”
He glances at Charlie, who is resolutely not looking at her parents. "It was bad," She says, shaking her head, "The goblins took Dean out in like, five minutes, and Gilda was the only fairy who actually wanted to help us."
Over by the entrance to Anna's bedroom, she has her arms crossed, her mouth pinched. Ruby has one hand on her elbow, but she draws it back when Anna looks over her shoulder and makes eye contact with Castiel. He feels suddenly like he walked in on something he wasn't supposed to.
Dean takes a cigarette from behind his ear and puts it between his lips. He taps his pockets and makes a face, “Damn.”
She puts her hands up, “Okay, sorry, dude.”
Dean comes back to life in inches. He has good days: he eats breakfast, he goes to Adra's to help pack up Castiel's things, he falls asleep at a normal time. He has bad days: he collapses on the couch in the morning and doesn't get up until dinner, he catches a whiff of cinnamon in the spice cabinet and has to run into the other room, he sees a package of cheese dogs at the grocery store and breaks down right there in the meat aisle. He doesn't even care enough to be embarrassed about it. Good grief.
“I don't know why you're making such a big deal out of this!” Anna is saying from the couch, her arms folded across her chest.
“Hm... We both work til close, but we can bring by some leftovers.”
She takes his bowl and puts it in the sink before flipping the TV on.
“Oh?”
He's 19 now.
She nods rapidly a few times.
“She's a history professor here.”
The funeral home is a nondescript white building with a ramp leading up to the front door and two wings on either side. Adra clutches Dean's arm, not unlike the way Castiel used to. Her hair is washed and put up, and she's left a couple curls to corkscrew down either side of her face. Her eyes are already puffy and red with crying.
Adra laughs.
Warnings for this chapter: recreational drug use (marijuana)
"Wait--" Dean interrupts.
He shakes his head. “What else am I gonna do? Sit at home and worry?”
Sam likes Cas, always has. He talked to Jess for half an hour about the impressionists last time they had dinner together, which she gushed about for the rest of the week. He even lent her a book about Mary Cassatt, an impressionist she hadn't heard of before. Speaking of Jess, he pulls his phone out and has a text from her.
He studies himself in the mirror. He looks exhausted, dark circles creasing under his eyes. His hair is a blazing red, courtesy of Jo and the Harvelle's kitchen sink a few days back. She says the color doesn't suit him, but Dean likes it. He likes that he can draw a line between him before Castiel and him after. To him it says, hello world, the love of my life is dead.
With some down time, Jo cracks open her textbook. She taps her fingers on the bar in the part of the Mozart sonata she keeps fumbling on. Is it an F or an F#? Crap. Every so often, she sneaks glances at Novak, who's just... sitting there, his hands folded in front of him. Not even on his phone or anything. He's got a little notepad beside him, but he's keeping it closed. Dean says he's cool, though, and they've actually hung out once or twice outside of doing their project, so Jo is curious what the fuss is all about. Novak's water is ready to go a minute later, so she takes it to him.
"I think he's a bitch, honestly," Dean says, "I mean, he's spineless. He spends all this time creating his monster, talking about how great and godlike he is, and then when it comes to life he flips out? Lame."
Attached is a picture of her cat lounging in a patch sunlight.
"Oh God," Dean says, covering his eyes, "Can you re-lose it?"
She thinks for a moment, "Sometimes. I couldn't when you were young, of course, but now that you're older, maybe.”
“Nerd.”
The kid's got unnaturally good posture, even when he coughs a couple times into his sleeve.
“I do,” He says, his brow furrowing.
“I see,” He says after a moment, “You're fine. What's it like?”
If you or a loved one is considering suicide, please reach out. You are needed here and loved in ways you can't possibly imagine.
“Oh,” Adra says. She swallows and searches his face, “Why?”
Sam grimaces. Castiel, now awake, smiles warmly at Dean. Dean helps him up with both hands and Castiel stumbles forward into him. Sam looks away.
He swallows. "Let's uh...” He gestures to Castiel's tie, “Take that off? He'll ask questions. Um, we can help Sam clean up and then we can go for a drive?"
“Tell him I say hello. What a small world,” Castiel muses. Bobby always hung back after church to talk with him and Adra. He thinks about how long it's been and flushes hot with shame. He misses Bobby.
“Love you too, Sam.”
want any?"
After a bit, Cas' chest starts to hurt, so they take a breather and lie down on the hood of the car. It's a little nippy, but it's refreshing considering how sweaty they've both gotten.
"Yes?" Cas asks, crawling over to his boyfriend and seating himself on Dean's lap.
"Yepp." He grins and she flips him off.
The audience goes wild as the trio takes their bows. One group, who Sam suspects is the girl's family, wolf-whistle. Then, Kevin's up. He can't see Sam, but Sam gives him a thumbs up anyway. You got this, Kev, he thinks really hard, trying to send the message telepathically. Kevin bites his lip, his brow shining, but as soon as the accompaniment starts, all that goes away and he melts into the music. He plays a slow, somber song, like cold waves crashing over the side of a ship, or a bird hopping across a snow-covered grave. Sam recognizes bits and pieces the song from Kevin playing it in the practice rooms after school, but hearing it all together is something else. It's haunting and beautiful.
“Yes,” He snaps.
“Yeah, so it'll still be a secret.”
“Dad,” Dean breathes.
“Yeah, sure, a walk sounds nice.”
“Yes.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow.
They mouth at each other for a few minutes while they recover. Eventually, Cas catches his breath enough to lean over and clean them both off with a t-shirt. He reaches a cold foot out and wraps it around Dean's ankle, laughing when Dean makes a face. He coughs. He's exhausted, but he's alive, awake, his whole body thrumming where they touch. He traces patterns onto Dean's back, over his shoulderblades. "Love you," He murmurs. It sits warmly in his chest, beating like his heart. Dean, Dean, Dean.
“Uh, you alright, man?”
Ruby comes by and refills their waters.
“Sup,” she says, tracking him with her eyes as he passes by. He tries to suppress his shiver.
Dean huffs a laugh, peering into the casket at the too-still-to-be-sleeping boy. Even in death, Castiel has managed to surprise him. 65 roses, huh? Imagine that.
Neither Cas nor Bobby have emerged by the time they get back. Dean swallows and stares at the closed door.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey," Dean says after a few minutes, giving him a Vulcan kiss across his scarred knuckle, "You mentioned something earlier about like, funeral roses? What was that about?"
He hadn't thought of it like that, but, "Yes, I guess so."
"Yeah?" He asks, leaning back.
“I apologize for interrupting.”
CW for hospitals
The first thing he registers when he peels his eyes open is Adra is passed out in the chair, still with her jacket and shoes on. Balthazar left a note on the whiteboard to ring if Castiel needs anything.
Cas puts the glass down. "Please stop asking."
He tries, but all that comes out is a groan.
Novak smiles at her, "Hello. Jo, right?"
Castiel's funeral is the following Saturday. There's a church service, and then the priest invites up anyone who would like to say a few words. Sam goes first and reads a poem by Rupert Brook – The Fish, a favorite of Castiel's. Dean slings an arm around his brother when he comes back.
“Shut up,” Dean says, blushing.
Dean fidgets with his amulet. "I... I dunno. I figured I'd tell him if it was relevant."
Whatever's inside isn't wrapped, just covered in a sheet of old newspaper. Castiel shakes out the bag, and into his lap falls a small black journal and a couple blue pens. A few photos fall out as well. Castiel inspects each one: Dean sitting on the bench outside the Roadhouse, his arm around Sam. The high school friend group a couple weeks ago – Dean, Castiel, Jo, and Ash, all squished onto the dirty green couch in Ash's basement. A bong is visible in the background, next to an open package of edibles. The last photo is Dean and Castiel from the same night, smiling together. Castiel's face is flushed. Something went wrong with the camera so it looks like there are several sets of Dean and Cas all lined up on top of one another. Castiel is going to keep that one somewhere very special.
“Bombs away,” She announces, and tosses her keycard down for him to catch. He does with practiced ease.
To his surprise, his companion laughs. “Um. No. As long as I stay vigilant, I can live until I'm middle-aged.”
Cas laughs and leans forward, kissing Dean's chin. Dean's breath catches.
"Um, Cas--" He starts, turning red. "I--" He swallows and tears his eyes away, and whatever he was going to say is lost. Instead he says, "Thanks for telling me."
Dean puts both hands on his shoulders, then up to his face, "Cas," He says, quieter this time, "Castiel, baby, you're scaring me."
Castiel freezes. It's been a long time since he heard that name.
“Yes, thank you,” Castiel nods. He climbs off the car, too, landing with a soft thump. He doesn't flail, just coughs.
He shows them into the parlor. The left side of the building has bathroom and a small back room with a long table where the family can come and get away for a while. It has a big oak table in the middle. The other side of the building is blocked off by a pair of French doors. An attendant opens them. Adra hesitates on Dean's arm before stepping through.
“Castiel?”Adra calls.
There is some Greek in this chapter! You should be able to hover over each bit to get a translation. Also if said Greek is wrong at all, please let me know!
“Any time!” Sam says.
“So I take it you're not gonna make it to graduation?”
Dean shrugs, "Ya know, same old same old. Sam's growing like a weed, almost like I keep feedin' him or somethin'."
His lips are thin, and shine in the light where he's licked them.
Son of a bitch. "Be right there!"
It doesn't take long for the sadness to be put on a back burner. They kiss for a while, Castiel crawling forward and laying across Dean, who wraps his arms around his back and holds tight. At one point, Castiel braces his arms on either side of him and Dean looks up at him, full of wonder. Castiel leans down at the same time Dean leans up and they kiss.
“Sorry,” He grimaces, “But really.”
Soon, Cas' stomach starts to growl, so they clean up as best they can, toss their clothes back on, and go hunting for something to eat. On their way into town, Cas fishes his phone out and sees a couple messages from Dean. Curious, he opens them while they're waiting for the man to come on the crosswalk sign.
Fuck. Did he say that out loud?
“It sounds it.”
“What? Where?” He comes out and folds his arms across his chest, looking Dean up and down.
Mr. B heaves a put-upon sigh. "Who's the leader of the fairies these days? Still Zach? Don't feel too bad, kiddo, we've been trying to whittle down his fairy-supremacy schtick for ages."
“No, thank you.”
“Oh absolutely. I mean, Spock is his number one for a reason.” He has some fanfiction saved on his computer that thinks so, anyway.
“Sweet. Crossroads Diner?”
"Tournament day," He says, his face hurting from how hard he's smiling.
CW funerals, grief, and discussions of death
Everything comes back into focus slowly, wavering like his head is underwater. The house is quiet save for the TV left on low volume. The lights are off and it smells like ash. He is thankful for the dark, keeping the beginnings of a headache away. He shuffles up to a sitting position.
John looks him up and down and nods.
“That's bullshit. What did Ellen say?”
“Yeah, apparently seeing a movie three times just because Hugh Jackman is shirtless in it is uh, not something straight guys do.”
"It's no fun if your dad drives you," He argues.
Castiel squint-smiles, reminding Dean of a cat, “I agree.”
They say their goodbyes and Missouri gives them each a tight hug.
"Uhh, Lakeland?" He guesses.
As he's filling up a glass, Adra comes by with a laundry basket under one arm.
"Well, you look great," He blurts out, then winces.
“Oh, no,” Adra says. She stands a little ways away from him, her arms folded across her chest.
He grabs the fence and flings it into the ether. He rips the carrots out of the ground and breaks the beanstalks in half. What's the point? What's the putain de merde point? He tears into the dirt, clawing, digging, flinging it all around him.
Castiel shrugs, “It's fine. We have work to do.”
John frowns. “He's my son, Bobby. You're not gonna let me have a conversation with my son?”
He rolls his head back far enough to pop a couple of his vertebrae that got stiff from the drive. He drums his fingers on the edge of his phone. Cas was worried about him?
Anna glances back at Ruby and sighs. Ruby stares at the two of them, then huffs and goes off to her room.
Victor nods at him, busying adjusting the potions hanging off his belt.
He looks down. Oh. It used to be black but has since faded to grey; in a curling script it reads, Let's talk about your funeral. He swallows it before speaking.
Dean isn't sure if what comes out is a laugh or a sob. He touches the writing tenderly. Castiel was here. Castiel was here.
Castiel leafs through the rubric. “I should be back in classes on Monday. Do you think--” His question gets cut off when the cough reaches his mouth. Ah, putain, it's a big one. He starts coughing and can't stop. Merde. He scrambles up and chokes out an excuse me as he bolts out the door.
“Yeah? Says you.”
"Help your brother with the dishes."
“Um, it's a tradition.”
"You're not a bad cook," Cas defends, thinking of the sandwich Dean made him a couple weeks ago, along with a couple other meals since then.
"I don't suppose you two packed a bag? Toothbrushes?"
“There's seven of us at least, and everyone has to say their piece.” He rolls his eyes, but not in a mean way.
Dean puts a hand on his knee. "Don't worry, Adra, I'm a good nurse." He flashes a smile.
“Have you considered that you're the one who's doing all these things for Sam?”
He goes over to the back window and flips the light on. The fountain is overflowing and the vegetable bed has started leaking mud onto the pathway. Putain. He coughs a couple times.
“Nope. There is historical evidence that suggests Thanksgiving specifically commemorates the murder of seven hundred members of the Pequot tribe.”
"Um. Yes, sure."
“ Ναι?” He asks.
“I don't know.” He sighs. His eyes sting as he talks, “I think if God is up there, or if he was, he's long gone. Why would he care about us and our stupid human problems?”
But... She already did that. She already took herself away from him, and he hates her for it.
Adra opens it, “Yes, Castiel?” There are deep rings under her eyes.
“Not when Ash isn’t here, now I’m your brother.”
“Hm,” Meg nods, “Maybe I'll try that. Any tips on how to catch 'em?”
Across the table, Dean bites his lip.
“Castiel,” She clears her throat and moves her hand to his knee hesitantly, “You think you will lose Anna if you let us into the places you loved her in. You're holding those memories so tightly, like a child clutching his favorite toy to his chest because he does not believe it will still be there if puts it down.”
It takes him a second to realize Cas is joking, "Yeah, good one. No, I... I don't know, man. Its not what my dad would do. It feels wrong."
“O άλλελός μου;” She asks, “Anna?”
“Me neither.”
"Great." Cas digs around in a cabinet under the island. While he looks, Dean whips out his phone.
CW for discussions of suicide/references to Anna's suicide
Ash winks. “That's what they want you to think.”
“Figured. You want anything else?” He grunts, pulling open the fridge.
His confession hangs in the air. He shifts back and forth on his feet, biting his lip and watching for Castiel's reaction.
He coughs as he sits down, “Are you going to the same school as your friends?”
“I don't know,” he admits.
“Oh? How was it?”
"Ruby?"
“Language,” Dean chides. He's already abandoned his own work and is looking over Sam's shoulder. Sam rolls his eyes and moves his paper so he can see.
The entrance to Anna's apartment is up a stairwell on the right, through a door and immediately up another stairway, where the door at the top that leads directly into her very small living room. Castiel knocks twice before coming in.
On cue, Cas holds out the wine bottle, "Adra is well. It's good to see you again."
Cas huffs. "Dean."
"Dude, you're not getting into this, are you?" Dean asks. Sam doesn't look away from the screen, just swats a hand in his general direction.
“Oh! He's growing up into a fine young lad, isn't he?”
“Fuck,” Dean says, not to anyone in particular.
Sam smiles softly and leans against Castiel, warm. They sit like that for a while, Sam sniffling and doing a valiant job trying to hide it. When he gets up, he takes half a step away, then spins back and presses a kiss to Castiel's temple, hard.
Her face falls, “Oh, really? I thought – I mean, you talk about him a lot, dude, I just assumed. It's not like you make new friends all the time, either.”
“I’m hurt,” He says, clutching his chest, “Me, your very own brother.”
by Charles Silverstein. Blushing furiously, he tucks it into his backpack, and goes to bed.
And so, Castiel is left alone. Sleep is gone from his mind, so he flips his lamp on and kneels down by his bookshelf. He picks out a couple books – a book of poetry he's read a dozen times, and a Navajo history book that's due back at the library next week.
Castiel kisses him off, which leaves him alone with his mother. She puts the book down.
He grows heavy in Dean's hands.
He clears his throat. It must be cloudy out; The light coming through the window in the corner is pale and tinted blue, “I think I want to be alone for a little while.”
After a moment, Adra asks to come up. He kicks down the rope ladder. She looks around at his wardrobe, the desk, the bookshelf. Her eyes linger on the floor next to his bed. He swallows.
Oh. Oh.
He closes his eyes again and doesn't hear her head out.
He will not.
She went through something like this when she was my age, I guess, and she makes me feel... I dunno, human. Not like a monster.
“No, but if you don't stop squirming I might.”
Castiel taps his pen against his paper.
“Dean invited me,” He shrugs.
“Oh, okay.”
Castiel is so busy taking deep breaths that he doesn't notice someone else come into the bathroom with him. He jumps when he sees another face behind him in the mirror.
“Hey, you're not s'posed to be here today,” The librarian at the front desk says when he walks in.
He snorts. "The cupcakes aren't the problem, man."
“Yes,” He says, a little breathless, “How are you?”
She puts her mug down, pinky finger first. "Oh. Um, I thought about it for a while. I was a history major during my first year, but then I got pregnant, and I decided on something a little more..." She pauses, tasting the right words on her tongue, "Lucrative? Stable? And I like it well enough."
He ends the call. Jo chews her bottom lip and Ash has one eyebrow quirked.
“Out.”
"I know,” He says.
He wakes again a few hours later, judging by how dark the room has gotten and how quiet it is out in the hall. It hurts to breathe, but the nose tube helps and he can get a few gulps in without coughing. Someone has left a book on his bedside table, along with a note.
“Oh. Thanks, Dad.” He says.
He nods, then says, "I think you just want me all hot and sweaty."
She shrugs, "That I'm not sure, but Mom might know, I'll ask."
He chats with the other dead for a bit while Victor gets patched up: a tax accountant and her young son, a high schooler and his group of friends, and a tall guy with a beard and a thick Louisiana accent.
"Yes! Thank you. Charlie thinks he's bi, which I guess I can see, what with the metaphor about him being neither fully human or Vulcan, but I mean, come on." He flushes, realizing he's ranting.
"I, uh, like the tie," Dean says, gesturing for him to sit at the table thats been miraculously cleared off.
Dean hadn't cared much who knew they were on a date, except John. He was the one person Dean put his foot down on. Watching him inch towards the front door, his back straightening and his smile falling away, Castiel is filled with sudden, white hot rage. John is the adult here, he shouldn't make Dean act this way. It isn't fair!
Just then, his phone buzzes in his pocket.
“I'm sorry to hear that. If there's anything you need to talk about, please let me know.”
“Hey, kiddo,” He says, a little too fast.
“Me, too.”
“I'm fine.”
“What?” Dean frowns, “No, dude. It's cabbage, we can plant more.”
“Does it... Will it always hurt like this?”
“Ehh,” He shrugs, veering onto a little dirt road, “We just don’t get around to it. M’dad works a lot, and they love scheduling him on holidays, it's more effort than it's worth usually, ya know?”
“Sure,” He says.
"Thank you."
Dean's hands shake as he starts the car. He steals glances over to Castiel, until Cas reminds him to keep his eyes on the road.
"Apologies," He says once he's stopped, "Uh, Charlie, how is she?"
He rolls his eyes, “Yeah, yeah. Thanks.”
Sam glances back at Dad's door, too. "Wanna talk about it later?" He asks, dropping his voice.
He goes back to the island and sits down. He takes out his phone and runs his fingers around the edge, struck with an urge he hasn't had in a very long time: he wants to text his new friend. He was nicer than Castiel had expected, but Sam's complaints had been all he had to go on. It was a strange hour, but decidedly good, and he is now more curious about Dean than ever.
“So,” Dean says.
Oh. "Um, thank you."
Cas falls asleep on the couch two episodes in, and when he starts awake a couple hours later, his spikey jacket has been removed and there's a blanket draped over him. With a smile, he curls up and falls back asleep instantly.
"Where have you been?" She demands, hands on her hips.
“You won't be able to come in, but I would appreciate the company in the waiting room.”
It would be the first time in six year they haven't done something together.
“Moondoor?”
"It-- it's okay, dude. It's fine."
“Don't trip on me in the middle of the night.”
They decide to do presents in the morning. Most of them were saved from the fire, thankfully, but Castiel is too wiped to properly appreciate them. Instead, they make second dinner, and afterwards Sam wanders off. Dean and Castiel go back to Dean's room and talk for a while. Apparently Dean and Sam were born here, but their dad had trouble holding down a job after their mom died, so they moved around a lot for a few years. They moved back at the beginning of last year.
"Y- yeah."
Dean takes a big gulp of coffee and it burns the roof of his mouth. “Hey, uh, Bobby?”
CW again for John Winchester's A+ Parenting
He tilts his head, confused.
“That you are.”
"Oh,” He sounds relieved, “Okay.”
Castiel squints, “Where do you live?”
“Okay," He says, "Yes."
"Oh my god. No, I don't have any Kesha. I do have Nicki Minaj though."
“She--” He starts, tearing his gaze away from his mother's as all the emotions he's kept down for years fight to come up at once, “Anna loved the garden as much as I did. The pieces were all there, but she brought them together. She was... She asked the right questions; When a crop died, or grew sideways, she would ask 'why?' and we would work from there. She didn't let me dig it up and start over, like I wanted to do. Anna--” He swallows, “Anna made the garden what it is. She was so... So...” He buries his face in his hands and says for the first time in his life, “I miss her. I miss her so much.”
He knows which lights will flicker and when as they shuffle down the hall. The bulletin board they pass is stapled with colorful but faded construction paper with the name and photo of every nurse on the floor and what shift they work. Meg's photo is a few years old now, from when her hair was cut a short, choppy blonde. He prefers the brown. He tries to tell her this, but the room has started to spin. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
Jo glances over to him a few times while she drives. It strikes him how similar she and Dean are. It comes from growing up together, he guesses. A pang of envy rings in his chest.
CW hospitals, discussions of medical procedures
“No.”
John grunts in acknowledgement, "Was Castiel there?"
"Oh shit, for me?" He tries to keep his smile down and fails spectacularly.
The back of his hand has a tiny, star-shaped scar from where they've had to stick the IVs in over the years. Anna would often reach for it and squeeze his first two knuckles. He didn't know quite what she meant by it, but she did it regularly: Them parting on the first day they met. A thank you for paying her back for the frappe they split at the mall that one time. Adding the finishing touches on the
Castiel jerks awake, gasping. Fever thrums through him.
Dean takes a deep breath and shuffles over, "Um. Thanks, Bobby."
Castiel looks back and gives him a sympathetic grimace. He had been almost as hard to wake as Sam, apparently, and Sam got a rare look at his morning routine in the kitchen, pills, inhalers, and a big machine vest thing all lined up on the table. Cas was half-asleep going through it, but apparently he's had enough practice he can do it all with ease.
She smiles, “Thanks, man.”
“Oh. Yes, of course.”
Dean lights up, "Ah, a man after my own heart."
He snaps a picture of Gabriel loafing on the back of the couch with Sam scratching him behind the ears.
Later, Charlie says, "Legally, I think we require compensation in the form of ice cream. For our troubles."
He nuzzles into him, and he kisses him again and traces a hand down his spine.
“Shut uuup,” Sam says from behind his textbook.
"So you'll watch it?" Jess asks, bouncing on her toes.
Looking into her sky-blue eyes, he realizes with the sudden ferocity of a summer storm that this is his mother, the only person who has known him his entire life, and this was the first real conversation they have had in years.
"Go put that in the cellar." He jerks a thumb towards the bottle of wine. Well, Dean knows a dismissal when he hears it. He takes the wine and shuts the door behind him. Everyone looks up when he comes in. Jo is perched on the arm of the couch, Ellen beside her. Sam and Jess are sitting in chairs across from them, and Ash is cross-legged on the floor.
He opens his eyes stands up, stretching. He shucks his day clothes off and takes out a t-shirt and pajama bottoms. Dean pats the spot on the bed for him. “Oh, hey, I like your shirt.”
"You're just jealous," She says, sliding into the passenger seat.
“Sorry,” He grimaces.
“You coming to the meeting tomorrow?” She asks.
He blushes, "Um."
He huffs, brushing his bangs out of his eyes. "Dude. Cas, let me help."
“Don't get me wrong, boy, it was damn near the hardest thing I ever did,” He scratches the back of his neck and looks out the window.
Oops. "Sorry." He grimaces and goes back to washing.
“I never said that."
While Castiel tries to suppress his coughing, Sam watches people go by. A lot of the parents are holding flowers for the kids. He spots Mrs. Tran and waves. Sam tells Cas about the families he recognizes, points out where one dad is standing across the room from the mom because they got divorced a year ago. Castiel nods with his eyes closed, leaning his head back on the cool painted brick.
He clears his throat, “Okay, consider this: you're in Arizona...”
"I mean it."
“You're one to talk.”
He wants to say something else, but what comes out is, “The ladder. I can't move it.”
She nods, "Let me know what you find out.” She glances out the back window, “Is Dean staying the night?"
“Um, 11:30, and another one at 1.”
Cas chuckles, "Thank you, so do you." He smiles at his friend -- boyfriend? -- who blushes and smiles back.
By the time he gets back to school, first period has already started. He considers calling Ash and asking him to hang out under the bleachers instead of going to class, but they got caught last time, and the more he thinks about it, the less he wants John to read him the riot act again. Ugh, class it is.
He smiles, “I know, right?”
He fidgets a little more. “Are you sure?”
"Coward."
"Definitely," Gilda agrees.
CW for John and some references to sex
Dean bristles, thinking of his own father. “Uh. Right. But the least he could do now is support his uh, need for companionship.”
He blinks, processing, then frowns. "Is it bad?"
The trailers have turned on their outside lights by the time the two of them wander back to Dean's. They're a little ways away when Cas spots a small black car in the driveway and feels Dean freeze."What's wrong?"
“Damn right, fuck,” Bobby grunts. He tosses the gun on the table and frowns at Dean. He clenches his fist on the arm of his chair, “Y'alright, son?”
Dean pulls into the clearing they sat at on Thanksgiving, his heart in his throat. There's a mound of snow still under the shade of the tree, but the rest has melted.
“Uh, cool,” Dean says, “What does she do?”
“Is there no pleasing you?" He rolls his eyes loud enough for Castiel to hear.
Dean reaches over and ruffles his hair, "Good plan."
Bobby grunts. He studies the potatoes for a second before holding one out. “You wanna wash these for me and I can get to choppin'?”
“Dean-o!” Mr. Bradbury says, opening his arms wide. He has a long ginger beard that would reminded Dean of a dwarf if it weren't for how Mr. Bradbury towers over him. Dean lets himself be hugged tight and quick. “Good to see you, boy! How's Sam?”
“Do you want me to shut up?”
"Ah."
Ruby looks at him like she wants to say something else, but doesn't.
Dean is splayed out on Castiel's bed, shirtless, one hand tucked behind his head while the other scrolls lazily through his phone. He's different than Castiel in many respects: where Cas is skinny and hairy, Dean is solid, with a square frame and barely any visible chest hair. But he's is pretty sure the way their hearts are pounding right now is the same.
Victor grimaces, "Ambushed. I tried to play sniper and, well, the sniper played me. I fell out of that big oak tree by the gazebo."
Jo chuckles and digs around before pulling out an aluminum sheet not unlike the medication Castiel has to pop out for his acid reflux, “Oh, sweet. Do you know what strain these are?”
Charlie helps him fix some nicks in the paint on his armor, and he sews a hole on her shoulderpad. Mr. B offers to drive them, but Dean waves him off.
“Dean. I've been thinking about it, and I think it's time you came home,” He says. Dean manages to take a step back, and John's eyes flash for a second before he regains control. He forces a smile, “We're family, kiddo. We're all each other's got.”
“Right. I'll see you.”
“But you won't.”
, Castiel thinks, turning to watch the houses blur by. A few pinprick snowflakes have begun to fall.
He swallows, “Um, yeah. Thanks.”
He and Anna find a deli and enjoy some sandwiches. Then they wander around the downtown, popping into a used bookstore. Castiel gets an espresso and buys an autobiography by a trans sex worker that's been on his to-read list for a while. Anna stops into work to see how Tara – the new hire – is holding up, and winds up in a twenty-minute conversation with a metalhead who recognized the charm hanging off the back of her boots.
He hears John shrug, "For a faggot."
Dean's grin widens and Cas leans over and kisses it, cupping his cheek with one hand.
“T-- thank you.”
“M'sorry,” He murmurs. He starts the car, but instead of driving he puts on Metallica and they sit through a couple songs. When they do head out, he starts down toward the Roadhouse, before Jo reminds him she doesn't actually live there. Oops. Right. He swings a right and drops her off at the townhouse. There’s a strange grey Honda in the spot he usually parks in; Jo sticks her tongue out at it.
They gift him a teddy bear, a bar of good chocolate, and a card signed by everyone. Sam and Jess get him a little notepad full of their doodles that he can browse through, along with a few blank pages at the end for him to add to. Jo gets him a Baroque CD, and Ash gets him something Adra only gestures to in her purse.
“Hey kid,” Bobby says, “Your dad's fine, he passed out on my couch around 3 this morning.”
He and Castiel kiss quick as they gets into the car.
"Yes."
“Lucky guess,” Castiel shrugs, as if Dean hasn't mentioned how excellent the Roadhouse apple pie is pretty much every time he gets off shift. He personally prefers the cherry, but to each his own.
“Oh, good,” She says and her shoulders slump, relieved.
“You're welcome.” She looks small when Castiel looks down at her through the hole in the floor.
“Uh. Tell me a secret.”
“I know, right? It's one'a my favorite episodes.”
They pause and Dean pushes Cas' chest back. He wriggles over to the passenger side, careful not to bump his head, and sits in Castiel's lap. He touches their foreheads together, going crosseyed.
“It's not stupid, Dean.”
“Yeah. Just thought I'd let you know. I'm making him shower and drink two bottles of water before I send 'im home.”
Dean's brain short-circuit when he realizes he's standing in front of his boyfriend wearing nothing but a towel. He grins and Castiel glares.
"I'm Dean," He says, holding out a hand. Benny takes it. His grip is strong.
Sam wanders into the kitchen with Gabe trotting behind him. He takes a look around and scrubs his chin with his hands, muttering something about the dishes.
Halfway through dinner, his phone buzzes again.
"Yes, Dean?"
"What are you--"
Castiel bites his lip. “I have it. Cystic fibrosis.”
A call from Adra.
"You're awesome."
“I would bring it. It will help.”
“Oh?” Adra touches her own wrist, where "quia tu es mecum" is tattooed.
“The very same.” He nods.
He does some research on his phone, and discovers that half of double-lung transplant patients live for five years after the surgery. Cas would have to be on immunosuppressants to make sure his body doesn't reject the the new lungs, but it would give him a fighting chance.
"Hey. Uh, did I wake you?"
They're outside the Roadhouse on an unusually warm evening, waiting for Jo to finish counting the till. The lights in the parking lot have come on. Castiel forgoes the bench in order to sit cross-legged on the ground, and Dean leans back on the wall, smoking and blowing the smoke away from Cas. Spring peepers can be heard in the ponds and mud puddles for miles around.
Charlie's shoulders start shaking, and then tears slip down her face.
“Damn, Sammy,” He says around a mouthful of crispy bacon, “What did I do to deserve this?”
"Ah, I get you."
He jiggles the handle and the door opens unencumbered.
“Apologies,” He grimaces, and she laughs and disappears.
"You wanna take that one?" She asks him.
rings in Castiel's ears when Sam calls them into the living room a little while later. When they go out, Sam has pushed the TV away from the corner, and in its place is a small Christmas tree.
“So, Dean, do you read as much as Sam?” As he asks, he feels a cough climb up his throat.
“Better?” Dean asks.
“On a good day. He'll need at least two to just get to San An, not to mention getting back.”
Sam bursts into laughter, and for a moment the tension in his mouth disappears.
“What's it's name?”
It turns out Castiel isn't fine. He's in the middle of moving one of the ornament boxes onto the coffee table when a deep pain slams him in the ribs. He fumbles forward, the box just barely stopping him from crashing into the table.
The women talk for a while, Adra griping about work and medications and getting older. Dean kinda zones out, but their voices are soothing background noise.
She purses her lips. "Shit. We've lost half our knights already. I'm trying to set up a meeting with the fair folk, but they won't let me passed the gate--" She gestures to the wooden mushrooms lined up in front of her, painted vibrant purples and reds; Some have angry faces on them. "I don't know how much longer Moondoor'll last."
Dean squints for a second, “You know, I hate that I can't tell if you're kidding or not.”
“I was mad, okay?” She crosses her arms.
John blinks, taken aback. "Excuse me?"
“I am awake,” Castiel corrects. His headache is all but gone, thankfully, “No need for that.”
“Yes. It’s a chronic illness where one’s lungs fill up with mucus. It is lifelong, and it usually gets diagnosed during childhood.”
"No shit."
"Uhh, us, the Montressor fairies, the Shadow Goblins, aaand, um. That other human kingdom. Whatsername."
“Am I... high?” He asks.
Idiot, Dean scolds himself. But Castiel gets out and up on the car, so maybe Dean isn't a complete dumbass. The engine is warm despite the late-November chill.
Once she leaves, she sneaks into the kitchen to wash her hands in the big sink. Ash is flipping a row of burgers and sup nods at her.
“Alright.” He pops a piece in his mouth, “How far did you get in this?” He asks, waving the book.
“Nice shirt.”
“Anna--”
They sit for a few more minutes, and Sam finds himself nodding off until Dean comes over and kicks his foot.
“Dude,” Ruby says.
Victor laughs, "I hear ya. My sister's turning eleven next month, it's crazy."
Dean frowns, “Um. I don't know?” He says honestly.
Castiel blinks, a little startled. He starts to say he's fine, but he coughs in the middle of it.
"Oh?" Dean's voice is deep, rough like after he's just woken up. Cas swallows.
Before Dean can reply, a nurse comes by and takes his temperature.
He remembers singing along with Dean to Journey, then the two of them playing half a round of beer pong before Dean decided he'd had enough to drink and sank down onto the couch. Cas was decently drunk himself at that point, which hadn't happened in a while. The party had gone on for a couple more hours, he thinks. At one point, Gabriel did a keg stand before loudly bragging something about his 'swallowing skills', to which Castiel rolled his eyes. Later still, when a couple flopped down on the couch and started making out next to Dean, he suggested they go on a walk.
"Nah. The waitress in Tallahassee was
“Oh. Yeah, any time, Rocketman.”
“No,” He says, wiping his mouth, “Thank you though.”
Dean hums. Alright. “Cool.” He'll probably be fine to work with, then. He reopens his phone, which has gone dark.
“Thank you. It was, um. Hers.”
The first floor is the living room and kitchen, with a utility closet next to a small single bedroom. Up the stairs are a half-dozen bedrooms, and there's even a room in the attic, although that's usually reserved for seniors or exec members. There are two bathrooms, and a basement that seems to embody the phrase “den of inequity”: there's an even rattier couch than the one in the living room, a corner full of empty vodka bottles, and a pair of video game controllers covered in a mysterious flaky grime.
Thankfully, most of their customers leave by 8. Since Dean is gone for the night, the table of giggling girls heads out soonafter. The family in the back corner's baby starts screaming after a little while, so they apologize and show themselves out. Soon, it's just her, Ash, and Novak left. She goes to check on the kid and he's scribbling furious notes in his notebook.
He throws his apron off. “Is he--?”
He grunts. Dean pinches the vertebrae at the top of his neck, rubbing in little circles.
Before they go inside, he reaches out and puts a hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean turns back and they just look at each other for a moment. They breathe together, in, hold, out. Inside the trailer, the atmosphere has shifted. There's a dark leather jacket slung over the back of the chair Castiel had used for dinner, and Sam is scrubbing a big pot, his eyes trained firmly on the sink. Castiel didn't mind the heat before, but now it's suffocating.
https://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/
She knits her brows together, squinting when she asks, “Were – Does that mean you and Alfie...?”
“Want a beer?” Dean asks.
“No,” Sam laughs.
He shoves his things back into his pocket, and spits again.
Sam grins. "No wonder you like him." He flips on the basement light.
He hugs her one-armed. While he texts Ellen, she goes to the bathroom to wash up. Sam goes off to keep workign on dinner. On Jo's way back, Dean pulls her aside, “Hey, why don't we go for a drive? We can, uh...” He puts two fingers to his lips and pulls away.
Castiel doesn't believe him, but he doesn't say anything about it.
He stop walking again. He looks down and wipes snow out of his eyes.
She disappears and then he is left alone in the universe with Dean.
He lifts up his pen and presses it to his teeth. He takes a deep breath in, hold, and out. Discomfort squirms in his chest and a couple monitors beep anxiously. He puts the pen back down.
“I was walking in the gardens before I came in,” Adra says.
He squints at his phone.
He grins and hauls the carriage over to the kitchen table, moving a few books aside. The thing inside shifts and lets out a low growl. He sneezes.
As much time as Dean has been spending at the hospital lately, Adra's been spending double. She shows up first thing and sits by Castiel's bedside. Sometimes they go on wheelchair walks down the corridor, sometimes not. She stays with him until she leaves for work that night. Sometimes she takes the work to the hospital with her and does it in the waiting room. Dean isn't sure if she's been home to shower more than once in the last two weeks. He can't say he blames her.
The table has been cleared of its usual clutter, leaving a mismatched set of plates and cups on each end. On top of each plate is a menu written in a loose, curling script. The ink smells fresh. Cas takes a deep sniff, "Is this... blueberry scented?"
He looks at them and shrugs, "Nah, I'll take care of it. My treat."
“H-- his Catacombs?” He asks, voice catching in his throat.
“Hey, man,” Dean says, perversely grateful for the distraction. He clears his throat and holds out a box of tissues. Ash's hair is pulled into a little braid at the nape of his neck.
“I know, ο άλλελός μου. Let us carry it for you for a little while.”
"Only cause you got held back for fighting," Jo says.
“He was here,” Dean says, certain as anything, “This is where he met her.”
“Yes! Yes it is! If you left him in your room like Dad said--”
"Ow!" He whines, rubbing the spot.
“You understand, right?” She says, patting the spot next to her.
When they get it open, Jo silently passes it over and Dean takes a long drink. It's fruity and bitter and the taste sticks to the top of his mouth. Jo follows, and Sam watches with his eyebrows raised. He looks to Dean and he shrugs. It's a funeral, why not?
“Oh. Yeah, I can do that.”
“Sure.”
Ash dings the bell and Dean goes to take the tray of drinks over to the group of giggling first years at Table 1. He's unfairly pretty, Jo's thinks. He knows it, too, which makes it even worse; He gives the ladies easy smiles and they all lose it, blushing and giggling to each other. No way at least two of them don't leave him their numbers by the end of the night. He's the Roadhead reigning champ for a reason, she supposes.
Interesting. He saves it in his contacts before turning back to his essay.
He doesn't bother to hide his eye-roll like he would in the actual exec meetings. It's just Bela, anyway. She gets it.
It turns out Bobby has a collection of their clothes from all their various visits and overnights, or ones that got mixed in with his laundry. "I've been looking for this shirt!" Sam says, pulling out a purple tee with a horrendous greyhound on the front.
"Consider this: Spock is gay." He smiles in anticipation. They're maybe halfway through Star Trek: The Original Series, and Castiel is loving it. He asks Dean a ton of questions and listens attentively when Dean answers, and doesn't get annoyed when he throws out trivia about the episode or interesting facts about the show's history. He's even waiting on a copy of Leonard Nimoy's I Am Spock to be available at the library.
“Hey, Adra?”
He nods.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ugh, fine.” He rolls his eyes, “Just be back for dinner, okay?”
He pulls his red handkerchief out from his belt. She frowns.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No shit?”
While they're talking, a couple fairies and a dark ranger stomp past. He can hear someone on the battlefield shout in frustration.
He shakes his head, “I think he needed time, ya know?”
His mother is quiet for a moment, blinking rapidly. “Oh. Okay.”
Behind the island, Cas makes a choked off sound.
"Hey, I spent good time on that!" Jo says, swatting his hands.
“Now that I have your attention,” She says, making pointed eye contact with Dean, who sinks into his chair, “Who here has heard of Frankenstein?”
“Is this the Novak family?” He asks, nodding to each of them.
She checks her watch, “Almost eleven on Thursday. Are you hungry?” So he's been here for three days already. Mon dieu, he had no idea.
He is a little startled when against his thigh, Dean nods. “I bet you do.”
He's in the middle of a one-sided conversation with a woman about her dog that's older than God when he makes some excuse and wanders into the kitchen, where Jo is stacking desserts on top of one another.
He scrambles off the couch, leaving his blankets in a heap. He throws the back doors open and sprints into the overcast afternoon. The stone pathway stings his bare feet with cold.
Dean swallows the pain and says, “What a venue, huh? At least they could serve beer instead of these shitty half-water bottles.”
"That's public school for ya," Ash commiserates.
“Not at all.”
She huffs a laugh, “Do you recognize them? They're from the garden.”
“Ugh,” Dean rolls his eyes sympathetically, “I don't know how you survive.”
While Castiel catches his breath, Dean takes a look around. "Your room is so cool," he says, "I'd kill to have a loft like this."
"And stop dripping on the floor!"
He tries not to think about Dean watching him as he takes a puff, or Dean standing close behind him while he coughs another mouthful of mucus up.
After a moment of searching, Dean 'aha's and pulls out a small paper bag. “So,” He says, turning back to Castiel, who lets himself look again, “I know we weren't gonna do presents til tomorrow, but I kinda don't wanna wait for this one.”
They make it to Talbot's Landing seventeen minutes after Adra's call. They burst in and Adra is there, clutching her son's hand. Castiel's chests rises and falls, even, mechanical. He has a breathing tube in, and a nurse is writing some notes on the whiteboard behind him. He cracks his eyes open when he hears them come in. His heart monitor picks up a little when his gaze lands on Dean.
“Oh?”
"For being trustworthy."
“Fine.” He glances over at Castiel but keeps moving, “He says... He says the cat hates being cooped up. But that's not the point! He just needs to listen! He has no idea how hard Dad works. What he – what he and Mom do for him.”
Dean takes the bait, and says, “Oh, dude, it's awesome. We all get together – uh, that is, my family and the Harvelles, and we do a big cookout and
With that, Castiel takes a seat at the tables between the children's section and the audiobooks, right in front of the emergency exit. He can hear the rain pouring just outside the door. He double-checks his pockets: phone, inhaler, Creon, lighter, pen. He rubs his thumb across the inhaler. It would help. It would. But as he reaches for it, he spots Sam walk in and drops it back into his pocket.
"Mom, Dad. Dean has disclosed to me that he doesn't get enough hugs at home."
“And roommate, yeah.”
“Nothing, dear.” He rolls his eyes.
"They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!!" Dean shouts, and cheers erupt across the lawn. They have about thirty knights this year, a handful more than the last couple years. A few of them are elves, and there's a vampire in the mix, or so he's heard. He feels better about their odds.
He swallows. "Um, yeah. Course I will."
"I like the sound of Aeneus," Dean says, squatting down in front of the hydrangea.
He sets the flowers down. Someone else left a little bottle of whiskey next to the headstone.
He shakes his head, “You would not; She changed her last name back to Delacroix after the divorce.”
Cas rocks back on his feet. "Yes." He doesn't look his mother in the eyes.
“Please?” He asks, “I heard there was some... interesting grafitti near the geriatric ward and I want to see it for myself.”
Adra glances at the island and starts to say something.
The next few days are a blur. Castiel sleeps, wakes up hacking, does his treatments, drinks nutrition shakes, and sleeps, repeat ad nauseum. By Thursday, his sinuses have cleared up and he can stand up for more than fifteen minutes at a time. He even walks a couple laps around the garden before he needs to sit on the edge of the fountain to catch his breath. The Bhutan pine up against the house is a nice block of blue-green against the drab winter morning.
Anna bites back a laugh, “Dude. This is the woman who raised Castiel, do you really think she'd have a problem with you?”
"Thank you, Dean."
“Yes.”
All in all, it's a good night. They get settled and put a movie on. Bobby orders Chinese.
"I can't,” He bristles.
Mr. B rushes to put the cupcakes down while Mrs. B puts an arm around her daughter, balancing on a single crutch as she does, "Oh honey, hey, it's okay."
In the dark, Castiel blushes.
Turning the compost doesn't take too long after that. Dean rambles about an antique car someone brought to Bobby's garage that he's been tasked with fixing up. He lights up as he talks, unselfconscious, although he gets a little distracted whenever he looks over at Castiel. Castiel nods while he listens.
They text back and forth for a few minutes, Dean loosening up more each moment. When Sam brings them their first course, which is a heap of slightly overcooked garlic bread, Dean can look at Cas and talk at the same time. The garlic bread is amazing, glistening in butter that leaves his hands sticky. Castiel pops a couple Creon tablets and digs in.
“Alrightie. 'Scuse me, Mom.”
"Oh?" Dean leans forward on his elbows, "He's not about yay high and orange, is he? Maybe a tail?"
"Why did you choose Accounting and not History?"
He shoves the tie in his pocket underneath the enzyme tablets. Dean flattens his hair down as best he can.
It's a short walk across campus to Alpha house, so Castiel forgoes his bike. Alpha, along with all the other frat houses in this row, is an older, Victorian-style manor with tall pillars on either side of the front door. What makes it less historic is the is a duct-taped hose uncoiled in the lawn, and the roof with two folding chairs affixed to it. There is a warm, early-evening breeze wafting down the street as Castiel approaches the door. He swallows his heart back down to his chest, and knocks.
He can feel his mother's eyes on him, but she says nothing else.
Dean snaps, "Oh! Duh! Right, I shoulda known, sorry." He does a cursory glance down Castiel's front, eyes flickering between a couple points before going back to Cas' face. "Um, how is she?"
"What do you think of Victor Frankenstein?"
Dean chews his bottom lip, “Eh. Thanks Chuck, I'll think about it.”
“Oh, don't bring him into this!”
At 10:06, the waiting room door opens with automated slowness and Bobby rolls in, hatless, a blanket thrown over his lap.
He bites a hangnail off and chews it before he says, “I did... Make alternate plans.” He looks to Ruby and tries to apologize with his eyes. It feels like a final blow to an argument he doesn't actually want her to lose.
Castiel dares looks now, into the green pit of his eyes. His lip quivers. It's not fair. "I-- Dean, I can't -- I can't--"
“Dean...” He starts, not sure what to say.
"I just can't believe it," Charlie says, slumping forward in her seat. Gilda puts a hand on her back. "I don't know where they got the manpower for that kind of assault."
A few more folks play, and they're really good.  Then there's a brief intermission, and Sam gets up and stretches. Castiel starts coughing and excuses himself, and Dean follows him. Sam watches them leave before he sends Jo and Kevin both congratulations texts.
He looks off to the side, “Ah, he was a military guy, you know? He said 'jump' and we said 'how high', you know?”
"Yes," Castiel says. A frown pulls at Adra's mouth for a second.
“Down on Third.”
The wind picks up again, blowing some dead leaves around in a big circle.  Dean leans all the way back against the windshield and puts his hands behind his head.  A few puffy clouds float by, but the rest of the sky is bright blue like the front of Castiel's hair. Dean glances over, where Castiel has followed his lead and is leaning back himself. Cas has long eyelashes. One of said eyelashes is stuck to his cheek, and Dean spends way longer than he means to staring at it, thinking about how he'd like to brush it off. When he looks away from the eyelash, Castiel is staring at him. His heart picks up.
"Its fucking disgusting how you do that," Dean grimaces, wiping up the drink rings on the table because no one knows how to use fucking coaster.
“Gilda.” She can barely get her girlfriend's name out before she breaks into a smile, “She's a fairy from the Montressor realm. A fairy, Dean! Bestill my heart!" She puts a hand to her chest and sighs.
Castiel coughs out a laugh despite the pain clinging to his throat, “You're fine, it's true.”
Sam rolls his eyes and takes it with him.
Charlie pulls Princess Leia along. Dean's heart pounds. Him and Castiel? No. I mean, they do spend a lot of time together, and Dean loves spending time with him, even on Cas' bad days where he's confined to the couch, or asleep for most of it. But like, Cas wouldn't want him like that, would he? He doesn't even know if Castiel likes guys.
“Fuck!” Dean shouts.
He swallows, “Do you uh, do you want someone to come with you?”
Cas deposits the cabbage back into place, huffing. He will check on it again tomorrow after the fertilizer has settled, and then again next week. If it hasn't grown by then, well, he'll... He isn't sure what he'll do. Something.
Castiel hesitates.
“Uh, merry early Christmas, dude. You can leave your bags in there,” He points to the door behind Castiel. “What kinda pie is it?”
The outdoor light is on when Dean pulls up, and Dad's car is in the driveway. Dean wishes suddenly that he hadn't had that second slice of pie. He checks himself in the rearview mirror, trying to flatten his hair.
"That sparkle! Vampires shouldn't sparkle, dude."
"It's dress code," Dean explains, glancing back.
He looks at Dean heavy-lidded, and Dean feels all the world like Castiel is flirting with him. But he couldn't be, right? Its Dean's own crush making him read into things.
“Where's Jo?”
Dean leans in, pressing their foreheads together. He grins, “So. Sex?”
He eyes him. Castiel coughs. Something softens in Bobby's face and he smiles a little, "Those old church ladies don't know when to quit, do they?"
Dean comes back as intermission is ending with a handful of bright yellow daffodils and no Castiel.
“Damn, and still nothing?” He asks, sniffling and wiping his cat hand on his jeans.
The rest of the drive is quiet. Dean's stomachache travels up to his throat. Sam has a couple of friends waiting for him on the front steps when Dean drops him off, and watching them take him in with a smile eases Dean's yuck for a moment. The sun has just started peeking over the trees when he pulls out of the parking lot.
"No, they do not."
He shrugs, "Eh, you were with Kevin. I called Cas though."
he decides, and writes.
Is he ready to tell this part of the story? Maybe not, but looking at Dean, lips pursed in attention, he knows he needs to. He wants Dean to know.
Dean pulls into the high school parking lot and kills the engine. Ugh. It couldn't just be November 2nd, no, it also had to be a fucking Monday. He scrubs his face with his hands. High school doesn't start for another half-hour, so he hops out and walks over to the convenience store. He grabs some beef jerky, and a candy bar for Sam. On his way out he spots some roses on clearance and grabs those, too.
"Aww," He coos. Sam swats at him sleepily.
John takes a long look from Dean to Bobby to the gun, does an about face, and marches off the property.
He has an equally incomprehensible text from Dean at around 2:30 am, which if he had to guess was about the time he dropped him off.
“Um,” Castiel says, “Sure. If you wouldn't mind.”
Castiel eyes him, biting his lip.
"She's fine," Castiel says non-noncommittally, “How are you?”
“So I got the right answer, I just checked, but now I have to list out the steps on how I did it and I just don't know! I like, I just know the answer.”
Dean sends a couple photos from the day, including a selfie of both him and Charlie making a stupid face.
Dean grumbles, too, but he goes and puts his shoes on.
When he doesn't, Castiel jumps in and thanks him again.
They blush, and he laughs.
“Indeed. He is... easy to get along with.”
"Have you considered that John wouldn't do that because he's un connard? It's no wonder you're uncomfortable when someone shows you real human kindness."
Well, he's not deterred. It makes sense, now that she's mentioned it.
“Castiel, I --” He falters.
He lights up and turns to Castiel. “Is he gonna stay for dinner?”
"Pleasure to meet you, Dean."
He puts a hand on the collar of Dean's jacket and pulls him in.
"Does it, Dean?"
Then the door snicks shut and he and Anna are left to their own devices. He tries not to make his sigh of relief too obvious.
He's quiet for a long time. Snow catches on his eyelashes and in his hair. He looks at a point somewhere past Castiel.
“Mmh,” Anna nods, “Man, I don't miss school.”
A cloud moves and the sun throws light into the kitchen via the small window above the sink.
Charlie hops down and stretches, revealing her tummy enough that Dean can reach over and pap her on the bellybutton.
"Mmm. When I have kids, I'm not gonna be like Dad."
Right?
“Damn.” He swallows audibly, “Say something in Greek?”
"Oh, fuck you," Dean says, making a face.
Dean fiddles with his napkin, rolling it up between his two fingers. They both take their seat and lapse into silence. Dean sips his water. Castiel coughs. "So, uh... Sup?" Dean asks after a couple minutes.
Thank you all so, so much for coming on this journey with me! This fic has been a lot of fun to write and I hope you've enjoyed it as much as I have! Leave a comment, or come say hi on tumblr - veggiesforpresident
Dean pauses, studying the shirt again as if seeing it for the first time, “Huh. Neat.”
“Oh, is she not your type?”
“No, I mean. Gimme a second.”  He sits up a little. His thoughts are heavy, but he sifts through them as best he can, “It's like... a chronic illness, right? Something to do with your lungs?”
"Yes."
“You know Bela?”
"Hello?"
"He's a good guy," Dean says, quietly.
“I'm not!”
“At least?” He cocks his head to one side.
“Dean!”
“Is that a bad omen? I feel like that's a bad omen.”
“Yes.”
It's his turn to laugh, "Um, yeah, duh."
He holds the cigarette out, “Uh, I might go to hell for this, but do you want some?”
Dean doesn't know how much time passes, sitting in that waiting room. It doesn't really matter. A nurse will let them know when Castiel wakes up. Fuck. Adra has gone to get something from the vending machine, promising to bring him back a soda, and Dean stares at nothing while he waits. There are four empty water cups on the table, neatly stacked inside one another. It reminds him of those little Russian dolls; Castiel would probably know what they're called, but Dean can't for the life of him remember.
“Eh, it's fine. I'm gonna... use your bathroom.”
He is stunned into silence for a long moment, "Um. Jesus, way to sugar-coat it."
“Good morning, dear,” She says, smiling with crooked teeth.
They wind up having a couple slices before making grilled cheese and reheated soup for dinner. Cas digs his Creon out and takes a few before eating. He learns that the girl who had left when he showed up was Jessica Moore, a friend of Sam's.
"Well," Castiel starts, "I was sixteen when I met Alfie..."
He takes a deep breath and glances at Sam a few feet behind him, wringing his hands.
They kiss for a while, hungry, and distantly Dean wishes he'd brushed his teeth. Castiel's mouth tastes like toothpaste and the bitter aftertaste of medication. His kisses are dry, and he gasps when Dean runs his tongue across his bottom lip.
John turns back to the fridge. "You ever been hunting?"
Castiel replies immediately.
"How'd your appointment go?" He asks.
Suddenly, there's a warm hand on Dean's elbow and Bobby is rolling up beside him.
“I'm back from work,” She says, “I'm heading to bed, but let me know if you need anything.”
“Innit?” Dean says.
Remember you are loved dearly, personally, and in ways you can't even imagine. <3!
This, evidently, is the wrong thing to do, because John loses it. We swears, he rants, he calls Dean every name under the sun. Dean stands there and takes it.
