The person – whoever it was – made a perfectly comfortable pillow.  The softness of a silk shirt concealed a smooth chest, which John snuggled into contentedly.  The soft double beat of a heart underneath set a soothing tempo for his breathing.  Just as John started to drift off to sleep again, a stray thought about morning snuggles being worth sleeping on the sofa floated through his mind.
Nothing.  They had nothing to go on.  If they wanted any hope of solving this, they needed Sherlock, and as he was apparently too busy to answer his phone, Greg would have to tempt him in person.
“Yes.  Of course there will be problems with keeping that many staff members on high alert if we don’t gain a lead on our kidnapper soon.  Ideally, he will show himself tonight.  If he is captured, we will no longer need to concern ourselves with this mess.”  Mycroft was already perusing his own menu.
A smile spread slowly across Greg’s face.  Then Mycroft started laughing.  Hysterical laughter, brought on by lack of sleep and the absurdity of the situation, bubbled up inside Greg, and within seconds both men were doubled over.
“What do you mean by the atmosphere is different?”  Sherlock asked, momentarily forgetting to maintain the normal act.  The receptionist shrank minutely under his intense gaze.
He would regret it if he slept in that position all night.  Perhaps Sherlock should wake him up.  The clock read two in the morning.  Lestrade would hopefully call early tomorrow.  They should really both be in bed anyway.
John really looked for the first time since entering the flat.  What was Sherlock hoping he would confirm?
“Of course not, don’t be ridiculous.  Her work reported her missing when she didn’t show up this morning; she never made it to work.  That means she most likely vanished somewhere between home and her office.  If she had taken a cab, the opportunities to snatch her would be almost nil.  Therefore we need to check the route she would take via the underground.  The nearest tube station is Knightsbridge.  We’re going there.”
Still, dinner with Mycroft was incredible, which really only made Greg more nervous about asking him out.
“I’ve already called some people in.  Once I see the list, I can bring in more if necessary.  They’ll be on-scene to prevent anything before it happens.  We’ll need to stay in touch to make sure our forces are coordinated.”  Lestrade replied.
“Hi.  Yeah, thanks.  I’ve got the case files here.  You can take a look.”  Mycroft picked the files up and began to peruse them while Lestrade continued.  “Sherlock thinks the kidnapper has been practicing with these women, but that his real target is someone higher up, a politician or celebrity.  There are too many of those in London for us to cover, but we can narrow the field to those that live or work in the Westminster and Hyde Park areas.  That’s where you come in.  Your people presumably know who we should be monitoring.”
Sherlock reached the open doorway after the masked man had scrabbled up and started down the hallway.  John was sure Sherlock could still catch him, though.
“Any other hobbies you haven’t told us about?  Places where you might have mutual friends?”  Greg knew he was reaching, but any sort of lead at this point was better than nothing.
This case wasn’t really important enough for Mycroft to become so personally involved in normally, but perhaps a bit of socialization would do him good.  And it wasn’t a date, so there was really nothing to worry about.  What could possibly happen?
had.  Thankfully, both of them seemed to simply let it go as Mycroft turned to leave.  He had reached the threshold when Greg’s tired voice overtook him.
And he wanted it to be a date quite badly.  Mycroft grimaced a bit.  Could he really develop a friendship with Greg when he so clearly wanted something else?
His office was still empty when he returned, so he sat back at his desk and pretended to read that report.  He could at least appear relaxed.
By the time Greg walked into his flat, he'd decided that he didn’t care.  He was going to ask out Mycroft again, and if Mycroft had faked it all, he would just have to come clean then.
the man.  They’d had so many late nights recently, he must have drifted off on Sherlock’s shoulder.  Had he noticed?  Or had he already been asleep?  Dear God, please let him have been already asleep.  He must have been, though.  Sherlock would never have allowed John to sleep on him.  He hated even being touched!  John had just been so out of it that he hadn’t noticed Sherlock fall asleep and had then passed out himself.  That’s all.  Besides, Sherlock needn’t know how they had slept.  John would just disentangle himself now, before Sherlock woke up.
Greg watched Mycroft get into a sleek, black car.  His three black-suited security officers slid into the car behind him, and both cars disappeared around the corner.  Greg hailed a cab.
Greg arrived at work before dawn the next day.  Sherlock’s text had claimed there would be a mutual acquaintance of the two victims, and the only way to find such a person was to manually sift through all the available information.  Unfortunately, after two hours of going over the case files and all the interviews that Donovan’s unit had conducted yesterday, the connection remained as elusive as ever.  Greg sighed and ran his hands over his face.  Sherlock rarely made mistakes.  If he said the link existed, then Greg just needed to find it.  He flipped the file back over to start at the beginning again and was interrupted by the shrill ring of his mobile.
Greg couldn’t know whether they would draw back to their old patterns or take the plunge into the unknown.  Which option would be better?
Sherlock’s brain flat-lined.  White nothingness rushed in to fill the sudden vacancy of thought before he started to come back online.  What was happening?  He needed to take inventory of the situation before he drew any conclusions.
After ensuring the security of the flat, Greg hopped into a police cruiser and headed for Baker Street.  Mrs. Hudson answered the door when he knocked and ushered him upstairs before shuffling back into her own flat.  Greg gave the door of 221B a cursory knock before striding inside.
One very tense cab ride later, John and Sherlock looked up at another old-fashioned building, not far from the gym they had visited the day before.  John followed Sherlock’s gaze to the card reader by the door.  It seemed the place was employees only.
After their plates were stacked in the sink, Sherlock had looked up rather sheepishly at John and muttered “Sorry.”
“I take it the team hasn’t come up with any new leads in our absence?”  When Lestrade shook his head, Sherlock continued.  “Of course not.  We met a mutual acquaintance, but he isn’t who we’re looking for.  It doesn’t make any sense.  The women fit the same profile.  They’re being chosen for a reason, but they’re not demonstrably connected in any way.”
century poisons from the coffee table and pretended to read nonchalantly.  John’s eyes stared at him from across the room.  He hadn't even opened the paper.  Sherlock forced himself not to look up and meet that gaze, but he still saw John rise and start to cross the room with his peripheral vision.  Panic flooded him.
“I… would like to propose… an arrangement of sorts.  After dinner last night, I have come to the conclusion that I find your company gratifying.  If you are amenable, I propose a social transaction.  Perhaps weekly depending on our mutual availabilities.”
Greg half expected Sherlock and John to be in the flat when he arrived.  Sherlock certainly had no qualms about breaking and entering, and John always seemed to let it slide if it was for a case.  When the landlord opened the door, however the flat was empty.  Forensics set up for their investigation while Greg secured police tape over the door and surveyed the exterior.  The landlord led one member of the team to each door and window to secure surveillance equipment outside.  Greg made a mental note to have more placed inside the flat after forensics finished.
“Greg,” Mycroft smiled in greeting, “good work.  Miss Holloway is back home unharmed, the ambassador is appeased, and the perpetrator is in custody.  You must be pleased.  How is my brother?”
But then, exploding eggs were pretty common around Baker Street.  No, his current embarrassment had nothing to do with lunch, and everything to do with the rather interesting position in which Lestrade had discovered them.  John glanced nervously across the seat at Sherlock, but Sherlock seemed to be wrapped up completely in the new case, free from contemplations about the nature of their relationship.  How had they even ended up there? And why, oh why, had Greg chosen that moment to barge in?
“There was no ID card in her purse, or I would have.  I should have noticed it was missing, but I’d never seen this building.  I didn’t know she needed one.  Fire escape?”
“No fingerprints, sir, and no sign of struggle.  Just like the last time.”  Anderson reported promptly.
“Donovan is getting the address.  We can all head out to the crime scene as soon as we’ve got it.”  Greg said.
Appeased, Sherlock turned and started the kettle.  He was putting the teabags into cups when he felt a hand on his shoulder.  He turned his head to look at it, while John stretched over him with his other hand to pull the sugar out of the upper cabinet.
Hello! This is my very first fanfic, and as such I really do appreciate any constructive criticism or feedback. This has not been Beta'd or Brit-picked. If anyone is interested in doing so, please let me know.
“Yes, you are.”  Sherlock had risen from his chair and moved toward John slowly as he pointed out the evidence.  “You’ve clearly had a terrible day at the clinic.  You saw at least eight patients, mostly flu given the season, but one child clearly vomited on you.  Changing your clothes does not get rid of that smell.  You also gave at least one person stitches; there was blood on one of your shirt cuffs.  You walked up the stairs at least ten seconds slower than you normally do.  You’re sitting slouched in your chair, not your normal military posture, and there are horrible circles under your eyes.  You are tired.  And I helped nothing by blowing things up in the kitchen.”  Sherlock had dramatically finished this speech with one arm on either side of John.
Anderson looked momentarily blindsided.  “What do you mean?  She had to have been taken from here.  All the victims have been kidnapped from their homes.”
“That won’t be a problem, Gregory.  I happen to be at my office today, as it so happens.  Can you come by now or would later be more convenient?”
The line clicked off, and Mycroft sat at his desk nervously for a few seconds.  Then he rose and walked to the center of the room.  Spinning slowly, he surveyed the rows of neatly organized books and papers accumulated on the various bookshelves.  He tried to tell himself that he was only double checking for exposed classified documents that needed to be removed before anyone else entered, but it was a feeble lie.  Mycroft was far too careful to leave such documents unprotected.  In truth, Mycroft was trying to evaluate what Gregory might make of his work space.  Not that it mattered.  Lestrade had been here before.  This was hardly a first impression, and Gregory’s thoughts about his office were of little consequence anyway.
Three weeks and two days after Barts, it happens for the first time. He’s in Riga. The only thing he later remembers about the dream is the ending. He empties a glass of water and goes back to sleep.
John clears his throat. Sherlock frowns and looks back at his script. Apparently he’s been staring at John instead of reading his line. Well, it’s almost impossible to work like this, anyway. It’s not his fault that he barely got any sleep last night, and it’s not his fault that John is right there with his face and his… his
“For a hundred reasons,” John says, but he looks happy. “Oh, god, my heart is beating like crazy. This conversation has taken at least a decade out of my life.”
“Also, humans taste so good that sometimes I get a bit high when I drink from them,” Sherlock said. “That has led to some undesirable outcomes.”
They have dinner in a Chinese restaurant they used to eat in when they were still living together. John is quiet and keeps looking at Sherlock. Maybe he’s nervous at the movie. Or maybe he’s just tired. Or maybe Sherlock has done something wrong and John is waiting for an apology. That has happened before. Or maybe Sherlock hasn’t done anything wrong
“Don’t look so happy,” Sherlock tells him and then runs the stairs down and to the street to get them a cab.
“Has everyone lost their sense of style?” he asked and glanced at John Watson, who looked confused. Then he glanced at the street again. The cars had changed, too. The traffic signs had changed. The building at the other side of the road had changed.
John took a deep breath and put his cup of tea on the side table. He wasn’t going to touch Sherlock’s coat. That would have been weird. John wasn’t a weird man, no, he was an ordinary man with a lot of somewhat unordinary issues, like a flatmate who thought chemical hazard was ‘fun’. John was perfectly ordinary. He didn’t even like clothes, especially not fancy clothes, and especially not someone else’s fancy clothes. Besides, Sherlock would know. Sherlock would somehow find out that John had touched the fabric just to see what it would feel like against his fingers. Sherlock would probably think it was another example of John being an idiot. But then again, Sherlock already thought John was an idiot, so John didn’t have a lot to lose. And sometimes, and only privately, he liked to think that he was Sherlock’s favourite idiot.
He takes his clothes off except for his boxers and climbs into the bed. When he sleeps, he has a weird dream, as if he’s living somebody else’s life.
“Okay, yeah,” John said, “but it’s just that I don’t like being here. And I’m going to get out, right now, I just need you to… to come to your fucking appointment.”
“Right,” John says, pushing his hands into his pockets. He smiles. It’s the smile he used four months ago in the sock advert. Sherlock saw the ad on television, watched it while sitting alone in the living room of 221B, and cried a little. Now, John looks at Sherlock and chews on his lower lip. “Are you sure you don’t need me to apologise?” John asks in a quiet voice. “Because you look like I just tried to kiss you or something.”
Sherlock is panting. He hates the sound, he hates the way he’s sweating, he hates how he needs to hold onto the table with both hands to stop himself from falling, he hates how he’s leaking onto John’s hand.
“If you’re so keen on hurting yourself,” John says slowly, “I could do it. Would be safer that way. I could put something in your ass, a finger, or… a toy. And then I’d slap you.”
“I don’t know what’s going to happen. With you. You and me. I don’t even know if you want a… A relationship.”
“Oh, have you got a case?” Mrs. Hudson asks, walking through the doorway. Her hip is aching again, it’s obvious. Otherwise she wouldn’t be so slow.
“You know I’m right,” Mycroft says, and then, “good evening, gentlemen,” with a smile lingering in his voice as if it’s a joke. Maybe it is.
“I just…” John’s fingers go through Sherlock’s hair. John’s clever fingers. Clever, gentle fingers. “Are you alright there?”
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice more quiet now. Mary is inspecting John’s trailer, as if there’s something interesting about it. “It was a long day,” John says. “Come with us. And later, we can watch TV, you and me.”
“Yeah,” John says, clenching and unclenching his right fist. He looks miserable, and that exact way of looking miserable is new. Sherlock doesn’t know what to think about it. Doesn’t John want to see him? Is that it? But if so, why did John agree to make this movie? And why did
“Don’t worry,” John said. So, he was going to jerk Sherlock off. That was what he was going to do. “You’re doing well.”
John doesn’t find a job. Instead, he starts going over to Mrs. Hudson’s whenever Sherlock disappears.
John bit his lip. He threw the paper towels away and helped Sherlock to free his feet from the stirrups. Sherlock grabbed his shoulder and sat up on the table, and he placed his hand on Sherlock’s back. Just for a second, just for support.
was terrible, he would have never wanted to change places with Sherlock. He touched Sherlock’s testicles, felt them in his hand, petted as gently as he could and then a little bit more, and Sherlock’s eyelids flickered and he let out noises that no one should be making in an operating room, probably. John told him he was doing so well, that he was being so good, and it would be over soon, very soon, just not yet, because John still had to… still had to check a few things.
John looks at him silently for a few seconds. He holds his breath and hopes John accepts the change of topic. “Yeah,” John says finally. “A romantic comedy. You really didn’t read the whole script, you bastard.”
“Who? Mary?” John glances at him. “Sometimes. I loved her. I still do. In a way. But it just… it started to feel like putting a plaster on a wound that only got bigger and bigger.” John is quiet for a moment. “You don’t have anyone, do you?”
Sherlock sighed as loudly as he could, which wasn’t very loud, because his throat was dry after sleeping for… well, he didn’t know for how long exactly he had slept. “I didn’t mean
John flinches and glances at Sherlock, then at her, then at Sherlock again. Sherlock doesn’t seem to have heard her. Probably isn’t paying attention to anything except the corpse. This murder is particularly tricky and Sherlock is so excited he even refused to have tea this morning. John is still a bit shocked.
“And we’re all looking forward to it,” the interviewer says, smiling broadly. “Thank you for coming here today, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and tonight, we’re going to see you two being in love in the new movie
“I need to go,” Sherlock said, turned around and walked to the door. Thankfully he had gone to bed with his shoes on. In 1945. “I have to kill a deer,” he told John.
They start from the beginning. John walks into the living room. Sherlock asks him about his date. John tells him that his date’s name is Amanda and that
“I thought maybe you had left,” Sherlock says. John is drunk, drunker than he can remember John being in any of the premieres they’ve been in before.
“I’ll give you something for the pain,” John says and puts a glass of water into Sherlock’s hands, then touches Sherlock’s mouth with his thumb and puts two pills on his tongue. He swallows and John helps him to drink. It’s not helping, John’s fingers in his mouth, it’s not helping at all. He might be dreaming all this.
” John cuts in. He’s squeezing Sherlock’s thigh now. It’s nice. It’s like an anchor that just might keep Sherlock from losing himself in the black hole, although he kind of thinks that he’s already lost. “Sherlock,” John says, slowly now, “Sherlock, I want a relationship with you.”
“He could have been,” Mycroft said, his voice yearning for the lost opportunities. “But to be honest, I knew you weren’t going to kill him.”
“What?” John asked, thinking about sex. Sherlock wanted to have sex with him. Sherlock was in his bed, at night, sitting on him and talking about sex, which meant that Sherlock wanted to have sex with him. “Yeah,” he said. It was so dark in the room that he could barely see Sherlock’s face. “Yeah, alright, I want to have sex with you.”
“But to be fair,” John says and stares at his empty cup of tea, “I don’t know what it would’ve felt like for me, if you had gone on a date. You never did, so I don’t know. Maybe I would’ve been jealous, too.”
“And what the hell was that,” John said, “that you went to sleep in 1945? Was that a joke? You can’t be much over thirty.”
“So, you two know each other already, don’t you,” says the producer, Mike-something, forty-two years old, has two kids, collects stamps. Sherlock was so painfully bored one evening that he googled the man.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock asks him, leaning closer, peering into his eyes as if there might a clue in there. Or a riddle to solve. “Are you not feeling well?”
John blinks. “Well, no, but I’d never… I’ve never tried to… I’ve never really considered… With anyone else. It’s just that you and I…”
“I would,” Mike said slowly, “it’s just that… last time I treated it, it told me about all the times when I’ve messed up my relations with women, and I just… I’m still seeing nightmares.”
“Quite a few things, I suppose,” John Watson said. He had got onto his feet as soon as Sherlock had let him go. Now he grabbed the back of the armchair. His right leg was shaking. “Are you a burglar? Is that what’s going on in here? Because I can tell you right away that you’re wasting your time. I don’t have anything valuable.”
He leaned his good hand against the floor and stood up. His legs didn’t feel exactly steady. “I need a minute,” he said and then thought it over. “Or five minutes. Or an hour. Or I might need a few days, I don’t know. I really don’t know how long it’s going to take until this starts making sense. But I just… I’m going to go into my room.”
Sometimes Sherlock disappears for half a day or longer, and then John thinks that maybe he should get a job. Other people have jobs. But before he has time to find one, Sherlock comes back, and there’s another case, another kidnapping or murder or something, and he ends up running around in London with Sherlock, scared to death, feeling alive.
“You thought you’d never do anything like this?” he asks later, when he’s kind of lying on Sherlock. Sherlock is breathing hard, under him, but his hand stroking John’s back is steady. “Really?”
John pokes him at the ribs, but nicely. And after that, he slides down onto the floor as Sherlock starts rubbing the mould from the back wall of the fridge. He opens Sherlock’s zipper, then has to get onto his knees, because he can’t reach otherwise. It’s terribly awkward and unpractical. He should stop and say that he’s going to do this later in bed. Or in the living room, at least. He’s pretty sure Sherlock’s going to end up dropping mould onto him. But he doesn’t say any of this, and instead he pushes Sherlock’s pants down just enough that he gets Sherlock’s dick free, and then he licks around the shaft.
except that it is. And he needs it to be. He needs to pay, somehow, because it is what it is, and that is what it is, and he can’t go on living like this. Without John.
“Hmm,” John says, his fingertips running back and forth on Sherlock’s side. It almost tickles but not quite. “Because I can understand if it wasn’t good. I suppose giving one isn’t the same thing than receiving one, and since that was my first try, I’m sure I’m going to become better once I get more practice. In case you want to try again, of course. Because we can do other stuff. We can… anything you want, really.”
“Because –,” John says and then breathes out. “Never mind. I’m going to take that shower. I feel like I smell of yesterdays’ booze.”
Sherlock blinked. John Watson was standing in the kitchen next to what looked a little like a stove. He was holding a kettle and looking at Sherlock.
“Yes, I’m aware,” the robot said. “I’m sure you are perfectly capable of not crossing any lines. Does your last girlfriend know that you were actually relieved when you got signed up for this mission and had a reason to end the relationship?”
It’s two in the morning but he only has to ring the doorbell eight times before John opens the door. John looks at him and he looks at John: came straight from bed, has slept for one and a half hours but poorly, Mary’s not here. Thank god Mary’s not here. Her scent still lingers in the air, her perfume, probably. Maybe if Sherlock pressed his nose against John’s skin, on the back of his neck or inside his wrist, he would smell of Mary’s perfume.
“Yeah,” John says, giving the interviewer a smile that’s going to look genuine enough on the television or internet or where the hell this interview is going, “yeah, of course we are. We’re very excited.”
“Right,” he said and walked to the kitchen. His hands were shaking. His heart was probably shaking, too. He put the kettle on and ignored his vampire boyfriend until the water was boiling.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said and climbed off the table. John wanted to help him but held back. Sherlock had probably had enough of John touching him for today. “I won’t be long.”
“We aren’t just two people who happened to work together for this movie,” John says and clears his throat. “Anyway, I’m sure the interview’s going to be fine. What’re you doing now?”
He walks to the bathroom, locks the door, sits on the closed toilet seat and ejaculates into his hands.
At first John always leaves in the evening, but then he starts staying in. They have sex in Sherlock’s bed and afterwards, John falls asleep. When Sherlock wakes up early in the morning, John has gone to the bedroom upstairs. Hours later, they have breakfast in the kitchen. John complains about the lack of milk.
John stops but doesn’t look him in the eyes. He tries to find something to say. He’s so bad at this, he needs a script, he needs
“What?” Sherlock asked, pulling back and frowning at him. “Are you in pain? You shouldn’t be. I didn’t even bite you yet.”
“I need food,” Sherlock says and climbs out of the bed. He takes one step, flinches and stops. “Okay, you’re right. We can do it slower next time.”
one coming. Not at all.” And then lowers his hand onto John’s shoulder and pushes John away from him before John has time to react. “Sorry,” Sherlock says. “It’s obviously my fault.”
“You want to leave me,” Sherlock says in an icy voice. “That’s why you’re being so weird. You’re watching me and wondering how to say it to me. Well, you don’t have to wonder anymore. I figured it out myself. Maybe you forgot that I’m incredibly clever. But, tell me, what is it? Why now? What did you find out?”
“Please, stop,” John said and then got even more worried, when Sherlock actually stopped talking. “I don’t want to know about
“No,” Sherlock said, his eyes fixed on John as if he was looking for clues. “Not recently. You are here almost all the time, except when you are at work or in a pub with some of your old friends, and I can handle that. Actually, I prefer it that I have some time alone sometimes. Your company is sometimes distracting.”
“I have a life. I have a…” John takes a deep breath, sits down in the closest chair, looks at Sherlock. Turns away. Rubs his face with his palm. He looks tired, too little sleep, only five or six hours, John needs seven. Might need even more these days. He looks older.
“The coffin,” John said, pointing at the coffin in the hole in the floor, in the middle of the living room. “We should get rid of it.”
” Sherlock says in Phil’s voice. His shirt feels too tight. Maybe he’s gaining weight, but it can’t be that, because he’s been living on tea and cigarettes, and neither have nutritional value. He opens the top button and realises John is looking at his hands.
were in love. In the movie. They were a bit disappointed when we didn’t kiss, so they started writing it.”
“Yeah,” John says now, “yeah, I’m sorry, I’ve been meaning to call you, it’s just that my agent got me a tiny role in an indie movie about a guy who has a thing for soldiers. You know, a military kink. I’m one of the soldiers. I’ve been going to the gym, because apparently I need to take off my uniform in the movie.”
“Stop fucking apologising,” John says and sits down on the terribly flower-patterned sofa. “We don’t talk much at the moment.”
“Actually,” John said, when there were only five minutes left of his therapy session, “I’m a little worried about something.”
“Stop it,” Sherlock says. “I’m aware that you’ve already realised that, well, even creatures with mediocre intellectual capacity understand some things. But I didn’t mean my superior intellect.”
He grabs Sherlock’s hips with one hand and pushes into Sherlock a few more times. That’s it. That’s enough. And then he’s crying, only when he wipes his face, there’re no tears, no nothing. He thinks there’s supposed to be tears. That’s how people cry. But maybe he shouldn’t be surprised that apparently he doesn’t remember how to cry. He’s just an ordinary man, after all.
Sherlock swallows. “How are you, John? I haven’t seen you in two years.” He knows the look on John’s face without seeing it. He glances anyway. There’s something new in John’s eyes, something that’s not good at all. Bitterness. Or maybe… but he doesn’t want to think about it. “I’m sorry,” he says, because he has to say it eventually, and this moment isn’t considerably worse than any other. “I’m sorry, John. I mean it.”
He fixes his eyes on the script and feels like he’s on a stage, playing a part. Playing Sherlock Holmes, playing himself. That’s not a new feeling. But everything ends eventually, and so does the reading, and he says thank you and stands up and walks out of the room before he can stop himself. When he gets to his trailer, he opens a window and lights a cigarette, even though he doesn’t smoke anymore. His hands are shaking.
“Just don’t,” Mycroft said and then took something out of his pocket. “Also, I hoped the two of you might want to go on a vacation. I have a tiny estate in Cornwall and apparently there’s been some problems with piping. I’d like Sherlock to check the place and have some deer while he’s at it. You two can spend a romantic weekend there. It’s a very idyllic place.”
“It’s been a week,” John says, when the door is closed behind them. He’s standing in the middle of the living room. Looks lost. “You haven’t had an accident in a week.”
Sherlock leaves food on the table. Sherlock leaves the fridge door open. Sherlock leaves a burning cigarette on the sofa table. Sherlock leaves a plastic bowl on the stove and John grabs the bowl as the plastic is already melting and tells Sherlock he’s going to move out. He doesn’t. He can’t remember what his life was like before Sherlock. Sherlock walks around the flat wearing muddy shoes and John shouts at him and then cleans the floor. Sherlock buys a video game and gets addicted and John snatches the game so that he can talk Sherlock into having a dinner and taking a nap. Sherlock breaks the remote control into pieces and John buys a new one. He doesn’t know why he does any of this, he just does, and sometimes he realises he’s smiling at himself. He supposes he’s happy.
He didn’t have a fucking clue what he was doing, and that was equally true about his life in general and about this very moment.
“Maybe you should have checked if I’m in the flat before you started trying on my clothes,” Sherlock said. He sounded like he was smiling, but John absolutely couldn’t look at his face right now.
“Oh my god,” John said, which didn’t make sense at all. John was looking down at him. Behind John, he could see a bright light and a white ceiling. Nothing important. He should concentrate on John. John was obviously tired but smiling, so not unhappy, probably not injured, either. “It’s really you,” John said.
“I decided not to ask,” John said, “because it seems that we’re going to be flatmates, and I’ve lived with other blokes often enough to know that sometimes it’s better just to ignore things. But this is…” John raised his hand and touched his own throat. “This is a bit too odd to ignore, so I’m just going to ask. I’m sure there’s a perfectly reasonable explanation anyway. Why did you kiss me?”
John closed his eyes for a second. The tea. He was making tea. Tea would fix this. He picked two mugs from the cupboard and poured water in them. Sherlock was still standing in the kitchen doorway, which didn’t make sense at all, because Sherlock clearly didn’t want to talk about the hand and Sherlock never did anything just to please John, only he did, actually, all the time. Sometimes the things he did were so small John barely noticed then, like a few nights ago, when John had been watching the television and his toes had been freezing and he had only realised that when Sherlock had thrown a pair of wool socks into his lap.
“Exactly like that,” John says and then goes quiet, while they watch the clip. Sherlock glances at John. Before the interview, John met Sherlock outside the studio and said he hadn’t slept too well yesterday. He looks good, though. He looks incredibly good. And he hugged Sherlock before the producer appeared at the door and asked them to come inside.
“But we don’t have to…” John takes a deep breath. “We don’t have to hurry, Sherlock. There’s no rush. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“He doesn’t,” Greg says, “but you don’t know it yet, John. You think that maybe you pushed yourself on him.”
He texts John about a case. John texts him back and says he’s busy, he’s at work so he’s got patients, and he has Mary now, he has a life without Sherlock, and doesn’t Sherlock realise that John isn’t doing this anymore? Sherlock doesn’t answer but five hours later, he takes a taxi to John’s clinic. The driver is angry about the cushions. He doesn’t care. He walks through the corridors until he finds John’s office. The light is still on. He breathes in and the pain hits him sharper than he thought.
“It’s clever,” Sherlock said, his voice going flat. “A clever trick in my code. No one needs to worry about me finishing early. No matter what they do.”
“That’s acceptable,” Sherlock says and kisses John on the forehead. The skin is a little damp and tastes of salt.
“If I remember correct,” Mrs. Hudson says, “I think Sherlock said once that Mycroft stopped doing it. He didn’t have time anymore, I suppose, not with all his responsibilities, running the British government. I think Sherlock said it’s a shame.”
“Alright,” John says, his voice sharp now. He stands up and puts the cup of tea in the sink. Porcelain clatters. Mrs. Hudson seems confused and worried, but that’s not important.
“Just try to relax,” John said. “This is going to be a little uncomfortable, but I’ll try to make it as quick as I can.”
And then John grabs him hard and holds him still and comes inside him, and John is wearing a condom but if he wasn’t, his semen would be filling Sherlock’s anus now, and dripping out, because it can’t possibly stay all in, even though John is, John is still in, John is breathing hard against Sherlock’s neck and then slowly, slowly lets go and pulls out.
He didn’t want to kill them, anyway. Killing humans meant he had to clean up after himself. If possible, he kept humans alive, because when he left them on their own after feeding from them, they fucked off as soon as they could and saved him the trouble of cleaning the mess. A dead human, however, was always a problem. They didn’t weight much, but they stared at him with their dead eyes. Somehow, they always managed to look disappointed, which reminded him of his brother. It was not pleasant.
“I’m not angry,” John says and lets go of Sherlock’s ankle. He’s lying. Sherlock opens his eyes, John stands up and goes to stand in the living room. “Your ankle is going to be alright,” John says. “Go home.”
Having sex with John is weird. It’s different than in porn and in movies. Sometimes it’s irritating. Sometimes it’s funny. Sometimes it’s almost boring. Sometimes it’s messy. When he’s sure John isn’t going to leave immediately, he brings towels to the bed and lies on one when John fucks him. It’s convenient. They don’t have to wash the sheets.
So, Mycroft thought Sherlock was going to kill John Watson sooner or later. Sherlock would prove that Mycroft was wrong.
“Because if you are,” Molly says slowly, “I just… I just wanted to say that there’s… there’s something odd about him.”
Sherlock swallows. John can feel it in where he’s pressing his thumb lightly against Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock came with a groan that sounded like he had tried to stop it. His face was flushed pink and the skin looked damp and his mouth was open and his eyelids flickered as he stared at John, breathing hard. John looked back at him and then slowly realised that he was still holding Sherlock’s cock and still had his fingers inside Sherlock.
“Maybe at first,” John says slowly. “But you’re going to get to know me, all of me. I hope you do. That’s the goal. But it’s not going to be exciting forever. It’s not going to be
“Sherlock,” John said. He sounded scared. Sherlock would eat him alive, pour something toxic on the carpet and then retreat into his bedroom and stay there until tomorrow. He would have to put the hand into the freezer, which wasn’t ideal, because he didn’t want to touch it. Also, he didn’t want to think about how it had had Sherlock’s hand holding it. If the person to whom the hand had belonged would have still been alive, he would have known now what it felt like to hold hands with Sherlock Holmes.
“A waste of time?” John repeated. “What else are you going to be doing?” He turned to face the robot again. It was standing closer to him now. He hadn’t heard it move. Oh, god, it was tall. “I just need to examine you. To… make sure that your body is… functioning.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. In retrospect, maybe he shouldn’t have come to John this time. The subject might be sensitive for John. “I didn’t do it on purpose,” he tells John, just to make sure. “I was chasing a criminal.”
“I should take the train to the country-side,” Sherlock said, “and find a place where I can kill a deer. But that’ll take at least a day. Are you…”
“Why, do you want to meet her?” Sherlock paused and frowned. “Actually, you should meet her. She sometimes worries that I might be lonely. It’d be nice for her to hear that I’ve found myself a boyfriend.”
“Yes, you’re right,” Sherlock said and pulled away from John so abruptly John almost pulled him back. By accident. It was just a reflex. He had good reflexes. He had been a soldier. “I really shouldn’t,” Sherlock said and backed away until he was leaning against the opposite wall. “It’s not a good idea.”
“You heard me,” John says, speeding up. His knees are shaking. He just fucking hopes he’s not crying already. “What did you do before you came to London? Tell me. Because it’s like you aren’t even a real person. It’s like you’re a… a…”
“What happened?” John asks, stepping aside from the doorway. It looks more like a reflex than an invitation. Sherlock accepts it anyway.
He's spent hours reading everything he can about Mycroft until he realises there’s nothing about Sherlock.
“I thought you had already figured that out,” Sherlock says, “from Twitter.” It sounds more awful out loud than he thought it would. “Sorry, that was…”
Sherlock bites his lip. He could just go. He could stand up and go to the bathroom and lock the door, and later, they would pretend this conversation never happened. They would pretend John never tried to tell him he doesn’t feel the same way about Sherlock than Sherlock does about him. But John’s hand is still on Sherlock’s thigh and Sherlock can’t make himself push it away.
“I love you,” John said, placing his hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I fucking love you. What the fuck is wrong with me?”
“I know where he is,” Mycroft said and grimaced. “He’s sitting at the window, trying to catch a pigeon so that he wouldn’t need to leave you to go hunt properly. It’s disgusting. He’s always like that when he’s in love.”
John overhears Sherlock arguing with Mycroft over the phone. He can’t make sense of what Sherlock is saying but thinks it’s about him. Later, he googles Mycroft and it takes him half of the day to go through all of it. There’s a lot of Mycroft on the internet but none of it actually
Sherlock bites his lip. When he first got the script, he stopped reading when he realised his name was going to be
In the morning, Mary is there in the flat again, making breakfast and talking to Sherlock about a book club. John is quiet and doesn’t look either of them in the eyes. Sherlock can’t stop looking at John’s hands.
“You fucked her today,” Sherlock says. It’s mostly a guess. But John stands up so abruptly it must have been the right one.
“With a synthetically manufactured human body,” Mike said. “It’s designed to be perfect, of course, no malfunctions, but well, mistakes happen. It had otitis last year, you remember.”
I must’ve kissed, like… forty people on screen. Once I made a toothpaste ad around Christmas and I had to kiss Santa. On the mouth. Like, really kiss the guy. That felt less weird to me than what we did today.”
“No, you don’t,” John says, watching him. John looks terrified. Sherlock probably looks too. “You don’t realise. You can’t. You don’t… you don’t have the imagination, Sherlock, you can’t imagine what I could ask of you –“
“There’s a pack on the sofa table,” Sherlock said and nodded at the sofa table. “I’m terribly afraid that the one in my pocket has been used a couple of times, so you might not want to use it.”
A sex robot. Right? You could’ve made me stupid and easy to handle and I would’ve never realised anything was wrong.”
Sherlock shakes his head slowly. John gets off from him and settles on the mattress next to him. He feels incredibly stupid. But relieved. He was wrong. Everything is alright.
Sherlock opens his eyes and turns his head at John, which leads to bumping his nose against John’s. John swallows. His head is resting on Sherlock’s shoulder and arm. A few inches down, and his nose would be in Sherlock’s armpit. Sherlock is very happy he took a shower this morning.
“You’re an adult,” John says, closes the fridge door and turns around. Sherlock is right there at his personal space. Just the way he likes. He tilts up his chin. “It’s none of his business if you have sex. He should know that.”
You remember when the movie came out and everyone thought we were in love, don’t you? I mean, everyone thought our
Maybe Sherlock should sit here on the kitchen table and wait for John to change his mind. But he’s too close to coming already, he can feel it building inside him, and when he wraps his own fingers around his dick, the sensation jolts through him. John’s hands were there just a moment ago. John
Sherlock was right. It was different. “You were trying to eat,” John said and cleared his throat. “So, can you… can you survive on animal blood, or…”
Sherlock asks in a quiet, breathless voice. He’s sitting in the armchair in his hiking gear. There’s still mud in his boots. It’s disgusting.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, standing up and walking across the room. He steps onto the sofa and stares at the wall. It’s so nice to hear John’s voice. The real thing is so much better than the audiobook John made almost ten years ago, and besides, Sherlock has listened the whole thing approximately thirty-one times, so the twists in the plot aren’t exactly surprising anymore. “I’m fine,” he says and takes a deep breath. Also, it sounds strange when John says it like that.
“I didn’t think I wanted sex,” Sherlock says. He’s not sure why he started but it doesn’t matter now. John is still touching his face, even though he’s not sure why. “But I had dreams. I told you about that. You did things to me.”
“Yeah, I do,” Sherlock says. He doesn’t know what to say after that, and maybe John doesn’t either. They drink their tea in silence. Sherlock thinks it’s a different kind of a silence than what they used to have in Baker Street. This one is sadder and feels more dangerous. In Baker Street, Sherlock used to feel like the silence between them stretched out like an invisible safety net: he could jump and it would hold him. Sometimes it was very difficult not to try.
When Mycroft was about to close the door, John realised he had forgotten to say something. “I’m not gay,” he said right before the door closed after Mycroft.
John stares at him. Of course he’s sure. Of course he’s sure that he loves Sherlock, only… how could he tell?
John sighed. He supposed he should have seen where this conversation was heading. “You want me to try to find out why the robot…”
“Are you in love with him?” Molly asks one day, when they’re in the morgue, watching Sherlock dig something from under a dead man’s toenails.
“I’m not sure, really. He doesn’t seem to want to talk about it. I supposed it was a secret of some kind.”
“I’m going to lose everything,” Sherlock said, looking him in the eyes. “All my data. Everything. I don’t want that.”
And then there’s something that makes John stop. It’s just a line, one sentence, in a tiny newspaper article about a man Sherlock saved from getting thrown from a skyscraper. There’s a picture at the side of the article. Sherlock is looking very annoyed, and under the picture, the text goes ‘
“I thought you were straight,” Sherlock says, kisses John’s nose and cheek and forehead and the corner of his eye. “A straight army doctor from Afghanistan. A lot of sex with women, different women, but just women. Always women. Very straight. Perfectly safe to live with.”
“If you have any concern for your own well-being, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said, “you aren’t going to let him bite you. Or talk to you about tobacco ashes. He was quite excited after the product arrived from America. Now, I really need to go.”
it, that he can see the way Sherlock looks at him and he doesn’t want it, because he doesn’t feel the same…
“You’re going to insert your fingers in my anus and apply varying pressure on my prostate,” Sherlock said. It sounded like he had read it in a book. “Just get on with it.”
he wants to kiss Sherlock and then maybe have a shower and then come back to bed and hold Sherlock’s thighs pressed against the mattress while he takes Sherlock’s dick in his mouth. “You really wanted that,” Sherlock says slowly.
“I love you,” John says and kisses him again. “I mean it. It’s not just something that I say when you’re… when I’m fucking you. I really mean it. But I don’t know what… if you ask me if I’m
“No, you wouldn’t,” John says but thankfully doesn’t give the baby to him. “So, we’re going to go and have tea in the village. You should come, too.”
“Wasn’t it weird at all?” the interviewer asks. “This is a love movie. This is a movie about two people who love each other romantically and, you know, I’ve seen the trailer. What did you think about filming the sex scene, for example?”
does, but Sherlock knows it’s John, and not only because no one else would bother coming to talk to him. He knows the way John knocks on the door. He has it memorised, like he has everything about John memorised. A long time ago, he thought cocaine would help him forget. It kind of did, but the effect was temporary.
There’s a silence so loud it makes Sherlock’s ears ring. Sherlock walks to the bedroom and then comes right back. He masturbated yesterday, on that bed, thinking about John. He always thinks about John. Or something very abstract, like octopus-like aliens doing a thorough examination on him for scientific purposes but with a torturous undertone. But mostly, he thinks about John.
John looks down on himself and then up again. The murderer is staring at him with wide eyes and an open mouth. He should take his gun. It’s in his pocket. He should take it and shoot the murderer in the leg, or maybe not shoot at all. He could point the gun at the man’s face and tell him to stay still. That would be enough. He should do that. He could do that. There’s nothing wrong with him. He doesn’t feel pain, there’s only a slightly cold feeling in the place where the knife is still stuck at his chest. On the left side. Where his heart should be.
, he just said that the script is fine and he’s in. Now, he tries to ignore his character’s stupid name and get through the scene. “
” Sherlock says in a quiet voice, “I’m –“ But he stops talking, when John touches the warm skin on his throat.
"Save those for when they are really needed," he says, trying to keep all cynicism out of his voice.
“Apparently. And there I was, hoping for a different sort of bedtime entertainment, now that we’re already skyping. But if you’re tired…”
He's rambling, but he can't stop himself, and Sherlock lets out a long hum right next to his temple and starts to rock against him, tiny movements that shouldn't feel so impossibly great, but somehow do, and John sobs and tries to meet them with small thrusts of his own.
“No,” he interrupts me again. “It’s noble of you to ask, but I’ll have help. There’s no need to worry. I’ll let you know when we’ll arrive back in London as soon as I can.”
"Sherlock." John doesn't leave, but closes the distance between them until he can grip Sherlock's shoulders. "What's wrong? Who were you talking to? Is it M---"
Her almost business-like tone falters, and she blinks rapidly a few times. John isn't brave enough to lean forwards and touch her face. She looks so desperate, and he's the reason for it.
the remarkable one. My conductor of light, my constant, the great love of my life, and—I wouldn’t be here without you. I owe you everything.”
He buys Lily a whisky and has one himself, and they clink glasses that are actually plastic and laugh about the ensuing dissatisfying
He takes him in, not taking his gaze off John's as he goes down deep, and the eye contact feels even more intimate than having him inside his mouth.
It isn't, and he knows that John is aware of that too, but what the hell is he supposed to do? Teach John how to be a bottom? What does John expect?
"I wish we'd woken up earlier," Sherlock whispers and chuckles. John's heart stumbles over a beat when he feels the other man grind his hips against his behind, because the thin material of their pyjamas doesn't do anything to hide the fact that he's sporting an erection, a very impressive one, considering everything that happened last night.
He'll let Sherlock, whose body is growing heavier against his side now, rest for a while, and then, later, they can maybe, if Sherlock wants to, go for another round of experimenting.
"It doesn’t have to change things," he reiterates his words from before, and hopes John will understand what he’s offering him.
Rosie beams at him and grabs Sherlock’s right hand, trying to pull him into the direction of the door. “Let’s go, Papa!”
Without looking, he starts to unbutton my shirt, and I mirror him because I want to catch up. I want
Rosie sniffs and then cries out again, and Sherlock picks her up and wraps his arms around her and starts to walk around the room in slow circles, rocking her up and down and pressing his mouth against her temple to get her to calm down.
He wants to be gentle with him, worship him in every possible way, fulfil his every wish—and at the same time he wants to take him apart, make him shout his name in the throes of passion, make him shatter to pieces around him and then put him back together again. He feels faint with it, and powerful.
He turns his head and kisses my palm, inhales deeply while he presses his lips against my skin, and only then do I realise that it's the hand I used to---
Sherlock slowly turns his head, and then his lips are upon John's, and they lose themselves in a long, gentle kiss.
But there are other times, too. Times when John feels sorry for Sherlock, when he watches him struggle with his inability to read a face or, even worse, when he sees him being oblivious to the derisive looks or remarks directed at him, and those are the moments when he feels his heart break for him.
Sherlock doesn’t let go of him, but loosens his grip a little and caresses the insides of John’s wrists with his thumbs.
could use one now!” He laughs again. “We’ll be arriving in London at about 8:40 local time. Enjoy the rest of the flight.”
Only when Sherlock pulls back a little and then puts his palms around his head and runs his thumbs across his cheeks, a worried look on his face, does he realise that he's crying. What the hell? He's supposed to cheer Sherlock up, not to make him feel worse.
“Holmes,” I answer, falling back into my old way of addressing him by force of habit. “It would need more than a graze to keep me from taking you right now.
), and then he slowly pulls away and gets out of bed. John sniffs loudly and stirs, but doesn't wake up.
We stand there for a while, my fists still twisted in his clothes, our chests rising and falling in counterpoint, and slowly my anger dissolves and is replaced by resignation.
I liked it." He licks his lips and inhales shakily, and Sherlock can clearly see the disgust this memory provokes in him. He doesn't even try to hide it.
"You couldn't stop me, sweetheart. I love you. I love Peter and the kids. But your father… I'm not whole without him. I'd never be happy again, and you know it. I've tried it once, and it almost killed me. And you also know what will happen if I stay. This---" He holds out his shaking left hand. "This will spread. It'll take over my body, my mind, more and more, faster and faster, until all that's left of me will be a tottering, demented old fool. I don't want to go like that, Rosie."
John knows that he can probably sense his fear underneath all the seemingly self-confident talk, and he loves him for asking to make sure it's not something he'll regret later. But he does want it, and he has to let him know.
"John," Sherlock moans around John's tongue in his mouth. Every cell in his body is aching with desire. "Yes…"
He’s quite drunk, and Sherlock is drunk as well, and it’s so different, seeing him with his guard down like this – maybe that’s what makes him talk about these things with him. Or maybe it’s the Madonna marathon they’ve been watching on YouTube because Sherlock didn’t know who she is, bless him, and now he does, but he’s also slightly taken aback by the more explicit lyrics and stage outfits. It’s endearing, actually.
Sherlock smiles and closes his eyes. He's not squeamish when it comes to handling dead bodies, but he's always been anxious to remove any and all traces of bodily fluids of
"You forgot to mention the smell of damp and decay," Sherlock adds not at all helpfully. "The villagers say it's haunted."
All through his orgasm, Sherlock's hips keep moving, keep grinding against his arse, and his stomach is still rubbing him
I've forgiven him. I always knew I would, even while cowering at his feet with blood dripping from my nose.
Lying on a blood-speckled bed in a decrepit motel in the middle of nowhere, Sherlock cries himself to sleep.
John nods, readying himself for the conversation he knows they need to have, no matter how much he'd like to avoid it.
. I could feel it go through you, make you shudder deep inside. For those short, blissful seconds, all your demons were gone. It moved me to tears, and I pressed myself against your thigh and kissed your temple and fell, fell,
For a brief, hyper-aware moment I wonder if that was too much, too soppy, but no – he likes it. He cranes his head until he can brush my ear with his hot lips and balls his hands into fists.
I watch him undress, leaning heavily against the bedroom door because the wound in my leg is emitting a dull throb by now. I will have to lie down soon. Which, however, does not mean that I cannot perform the acts that are bound to follow this prelude.
She shakes her head in disbelief. John can't tell if she's angry or desperate. Or both. It's probably both.
His fingers are still inside of John, but he's barely moving them now, and John's body screams out for more, more,
. John holds on to his sides, grounding his trembling form, keeping him upright, and Sherlock is thankful, because he knows that if John let go now, he'd just slump to the floor and stay there.
John worries his lip between his teeth. He guesses that Sherlock is right – he’s sure he’ll feel better if he gets it all out in the open before they continue to do… whatever it is that they’re going to do.
"Yes, love…" he murmurs and brushes Sherlock's shaft with his beard. Sherlock bucks up and into the touch. "
Sherlock's heart is beating an erratic rhythm against his ribs, vividly remembering the pain, the horror of seeing John hating him so much, the constant, all-consuming fear.
They kiss slowly, carefully, but John doesn’t mourn the loss of the mindless desire that brought them here into this room - it will come back, now that all that had been left unsaid has been addressed. He breathes Sherlock’s air and holds on to his curls and sucks his bottom lip into his mouth to scrape it with his teeth. Sherlock groans. It’s barely audible, but it’s still one of the most beautiful sounds John has ever heard.
He gets up and sees that John has folded his clothes and put them on the chair in the corner before he left. His insides in complete disarray in the face of this gesture of concern?affection?
"Sherlock, stop it. I see what you mean, I really do, but you don’t have to worry. We--- You know we’ll make it work. I know it's completely irrational and we can't predict what the future might hold, but… You feel it, too, don’t you? I know I do. And… this is not about Rosie sharing me with you. Look at her. Does she look upset by you being here?"
Sherlock gets home and takes off his suit and just leaves it lying on the bedroom floor. Then he puts on his pyjamas and a dressing gown and makes his way to the fireplace, where he opens his secret compartment and takes out the small wooden box which holds his emergency stack.
John huffs. Sherlock's body heat is creeping across the small distance between them, warming his side.
He's so exhausted. He can't quite meet his gaze, can't pretend the way he usually does. So he just nods. The prospect of imminent delivery from his demons flickers and vanishes into thin air in front of his inner eye, and he has to clench his jaw not to scream. He needs it now. There's no other way. He
Trying not to make a sound and disturb him, Sherlock makes his way into the bathroom. Coming to a halt in front of the mirror, he stares at himself. He expected to find something in his face, his eyes, that somehow reflects the enormity of what occured last night, but there's nothing. Nothing at all. He wonders how it can be possible for him to look this normal on the outside while everything inside of him is twisting, churning, fighting to come out and scream to the heavens, cursing them for giving him what he's been yearning for for so long just to take it away again.
He shakes some stray locks of hair out of his eyes and looks at me with a predatory expression on his pale, oh-so-handsome face.
to touch. He growls lowly and cups his jaw with his free hand, runs his thumb, almost roughly, along his cheekbone, then along his lips. Sherlock's face is a piece of art, and he needs him so much that he's scared he'll break him with the sheer force of his desire.
“John will do,” I joke lowly, grinning and twisting my hand, and as he laughs, his tightness opens up to me a little more.
Everything inside this room, this bed, is unfamiliar to Sherlock – what the sheets feel like against his bare skin, the street sounds trickling in through the window, a bit more muted than they would seem from his own bedroom one floor below, the various scents that make up the complex aroma of John Watson, so much more intense and concentrated here than anywhere else in the flat. He tries to file it all away for later reference, because nothing is a more interesting object of study than John John
and enjoy his food with almost boyish enthusiasm I wonder when it was that he had his last real meal. I’m not brave enough to ask, though, and I don’t want to interrupt the peace and quiet of the scene.
He’s been gone for almost a year (Colombia was only the start of a journey that has been taking him almost around the whole globe), and all I have to look back upon are
The momentum of their movements makes water slosh against the sides of the bath, some of it spilling over the edge, but neither man pays it any attention. Sherlock clings on to John for dear life, his face pressed against his cheek, and John wants to stay like this forever and listen to him moan and pant and feel him move on top of him.
"Sherlock," John whispers. "Don't you think I don't want to forget. I do. I wish we could erase what I did from our lives and start all over again. But if we do that, it'll come back and haunt us one day.
Sherlock gasps as John enters him with the tip of his middle finger, and John feels him convulse around the intrusion, trying to push him out in an involuntary reflex.
. Rosie's teething. She screams almost every night, and even though Sherlock is not in the habit of resting regularly, it's slowly taking its toll on him.
He inhales deeply and memorises John's scent, a mixture of sweat and sex and slightly stale morning breath (
By the time I had been stitched up and we arrived back home at Baker Street, the street lamps had already come on and rain was pouring from the sky in torrents. The short walk - or, in my case, limp - from the hansom to the door of 221B left us drenched to the bone.
Sherlock presses his hips into him and his knees buckle. A quiet groan escapes him and he holds on to the other man’s upper arms, feeling his muscles flex under the silky fabric of his clothes.
“Mm-hmm,” John hums lightly as he rises to his tiptoes and kisses the spot in question, but Sherlock still has a sombre expression on his face. John know he’s still nervous, and he finds himself wishing he could somehow make this easier for him.
“Ever the romantic,” John retorts and rolls his eyes, but takes the glass offered to him and raises it in a toast. “To a successful day,” he says, pleased with the faint grin that earns him. “And to making our daughter very happy,” he adds, a bit more serious now.
“Yes. Although I do hope that next time you’ll allow me to return the favour. Apart from giving me great pleasure, this would have the added benefit of a more cleanly completion.”
“I know," he says. "But I wanted something of yours inside of me. I--- I’ve never done it like that before. You’re the first person I’ve allowed to do it... and I loved it. You taste so good.”
They settle down in John's bed afterwards, still naked, and Sherlock, too awake again to really drift off yet, listens to the regular breathing of the two people in the room with him and memorises their rhythms, because they're the two most important people that have ever lived. He makes sure to always hold one part of John as the other man falls into a deep slumber, unconsciously moving his limbs in what Sherlock thinks is an endearingly erratic fashion.
"I don't know," he rumbles. "I don't know what's happening, Sherlock. I've never done this before, with--- another man."
“I can hear you think,” he suddenly says without turning his head, abruptly drawing me out of my musings.
John gets up and closes the distance between them, putting his hands around Sherlock's face. Sherlock's whole body trembles at the touch of his soft palms brushing his skin, so warm, so
“Hmmm…” he hums and deepens the kiss, happy when Sherlock follows along and digs his fingers into his shoulders as if he never wanted to let go again.
"It's snowing," he murmurs into Sherlock's ear, and Sherlock opens his moonlight eyes again and follows John's gaze.
When I wake up the next morning, he's still asleep, and I sit up in my makeshift bed and look at him for a while. He's lying on his stomach, which is good. His face looks peaceful now, but his cheeks still carry faint traces of last night's tears, and seeing them causes my insides to bubble with guilt once more. How could I not notice this sooner? He’s being haunted by what happened to him when he was away, and I never
He's sure Sherlock is falling asleep and is just about to drift off as well when suddenly his friend's deep, rich voice, slightly fuzzy due to his obvious exhaustion, rings through the quiet room again.
"Yes. This is the place where--- where my life started, Sherlock. Everything before was just… a prelude. I think I want to say goodbye."
“Sherlock,” John whispers and opens his lids to look down at his friend, and he finds that Sherlock’s eyes are on fire, his gaze unflinching as he nods his head up and down slowly, taking in a little more of John’s cock with every downwards movement, and then John feels his tip hit the back of Sherlock’s throat.
"You can't---" John tries to object without making a sound, but Sherlock shakes his head and puts his fingertips on John's lips to shut him up.
Sherlock looks at John. His best friend. His new lover. The one he'd die for. The first and only one who holds the power to make him, Sherlock, truly happy – and the only one who could destroy him with a mere look or harsh word.
John clasps his left hand in his right to hide the tremor (it always gets worse when he's upset) and nods.
There are unshed tears in his voice, and when I release him after a last gentle lick, his fingers slacken and caress my hair, so softly, building a stark contrast to the roughness from only moments before. The sensuality of it all is overwhelming, and my pleasure mounts. I wonder if I should wait, give him the chance to reciprocate, but I cannot stop myself. I have to give in to it, or I will go insane. My heart aching with affection and his taste still lingering on my tongue, I press my face against his thigh and stifle my needy groans, my hips rocking back and forth more and more quickly, my lungs stinging with exhaustion.
John gives back willingly, tracing Sherlock’s sweet lips with his tongue, basking in the warmth of his body. “Sherlock,” he murmurs, placing his hand on Sherlock’s chest where he can feel the irregular beating of his heart.
"Are you okay? Is--- is this okay?" John asks carefully. "We do this every morning. I didn’t want to confuse her."
Her eyes widen slightly. Sherlock assumes that she’s connecting "busy night" and "yesterday" at the moment, and it’s actually quite funny to watch.
"I want you," Sherlock says, rocking his hips slowly, deliberately, dragging himself all along John's length – up… and down. A long, hard shiver runs through John's body. "All of you," Sherlock adds, his eyes blazing, as if his meaning hadn't been obvious before.
John is looking at him, studying his profile, and it's irritating as well as weirdly exciting. It's been ages since John last looked at him like this. Like he's the most important, the most fascinating thing in the world to him.
), to put in the fridge and eat later, after they've done all the things John's been thinking of ever since their lips touched for the first time.
"Hey," John replies in what's barely a whisper - Sherlock has to strain his ears to make out the word amidst the pattering of the rain hitting the pavement.
knackered. I’ve had about three hours of sleep. But I’m happy. Sherlock slept deeply and, as he told me groggily when I accidentally woke him up by disentangling myself from his grasp at six o’clock, without any further nightmares.
"I'm sorry," he repeats. "I needed to protect you. He--- he'd have killed you if I hadn't pretended to jump."
"I was lonely, too, you know. I missed you so much it hurt sometimes. It hurt more than any kind of physical torture ever could. And I only ever had your safety in mind -
If her grandson hadn't employed the dark-haired detective and his silver-blond companion, her skeleton would still be there behind the painting, and she would still float around this empty house, waiting for eternity to stop and finally let her rest.
His voice cracks, and John's tears rise up inside him and spill over before he can prevent it. A small whine bubbles out from between his lips, despite his efforts to stay silent.
Sherlock pulls away to run his hands across John's arms and chest, opening buttons as he does so. "That’s because you are," he whispers, his eyes shining in the half-light created by the street lamp’s soft glow filtering in through the curtains. His voice sends shivers down John’s spine.
"Sherlock... I’ve never felt like this before. If “lover” means “person I want to spend the rest of my days with”, I’ve never had a lover before, either. And I feel honoured that you chose me, of all people."
“No,” John disagrees as he loops one end of the tie through the knot. “You decided on it; I did not.”
An erection like that hasn't happened for such a long time that John finds it difficult to process what he's seeing and feeling, and more difficult still to come to a conclusion as to what to do with it, now that it's there.
I’m rambling, but it’s all I can do. I’ve seen him cry before, but I’ve never heard him sob as desperately as this, and it’s breaking my heart that I’m not with him now, that my voice is the only thing I have to keep him from falling apart.
He pours some of the transparent gel on his fingers and rubs them against each other to slick them up thoroughly, all the while watching the wondrous, amazed look on Sherlock’s face. He’s propped up on his elbows, following John’s movements with his eyes, and it makes John feel nervous and powerful all at once.
… It's alright…" he breathes against my temple and puts his palm on my forearm to keep me from moving it away from my stomach.
Sherlock is panting now, and John looks up to see him gazing down at him, his pupils blown, his cheeks flushed a dark shade of pink. He lets him slip out from between his lips, but keeps his fingers wrapped around him to stroke up and down slowly, revelling in the pulsing of the other man’s blood against his palm.
Sherlock's hand comes up and briefly touches the nape of his neck, and he shakes his head. He’s frowning, but a small grin is tugging at the corners of his lips.
They walk into the small shop. Rosie stares in fascination at the plethora of flavours before ultimately deciding on something with pistachios; Sherlock goes for plain vanilla. John orders a coffee, and they reconvene on a bench in a nearby park. Rosie insists on sitting in Sherlock’s lap as they devour their cones together, the three of them chatting enthusiastically between bites.
Sherlock shivers. Their hands still clasping each other, John moves them down and between his buttocks, and when they're there, he opens his fingers and slowly, so very slowly, shows Sherlock the way. Sherlock moans and bucks against him. John's own fingers are slick with lube now, too, and as he presses Sherlock's fingertip against the place he wants it to go, his own slips past the outer rim of his opening along with it.
The sound of his voice, pure and raw, slips into my insides and envelops my heart, and I know that after only
my life. I don't want to fuck it up.” Looking at his profile, I can see him smirk bitterly. “I know I almost did," I add.
"I’ll never forget being inside you," John says, apparently entertaining thoughts of the same kind at the moment. "Your warmth… The way you---
They get a case the next morning, and Sherlock slips into deduction mode and stops eating or trying to sleep altogether for a few days, and it's good. He doesn't think about John and
John, his mind still spinning with all the various bits of information Sherlock managed to gather in the short time between their visit at Wilkes' office and now, gapes at him. He'd almost forgotten about his little charade – murder tends to drive most other, less violent thoughts right out of one's mind, it appears.
John watches them and his stomach clenches. It’s like seeing his friend suffer through a painful metamorphosis – his hard, protective shell has broken in places, has been doing so for a while now, and slowly more and more parts of him dare to slip out through the cracks. He’s afraid of it, and John can see why he would be. He’s been hurt so much before.
I’m operating purely on auto-pilot by now, and in a small, detached part of my mind I look at myself making love to him and wonder why the hell I was so insecure about this. Everything’s fine. I’ll learn it as I go, and right now it’s perfect – he’s letting go, just like I want him to, like he
His lips are full and soft, and when he uses them to coax mine open to slide his tongue into my mouth, my whole body begins to tingle. He tastes sweet and zesty, and I respond without thinking, licking along his lower lip, then dipping my tongue between his teeth to rub it against his. He shivers.
“You and Papa will talk about serial killers and dead people,” Rosie states, her voice boisterous, her blue eyes sparkling.
"Hey, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?" he whispers and gives her a kiss, and then, after hesitating for a brief moment in which he wonders if it’s a good idea or maybe too much, he does what he always does and gets into bed again with the little girl snuggled up against his side.
John keeps his fist wrapped around the part of him he can’t fit inside and revels in the pulsing of his lover's blood against his palm. Sherlock tastes freshly washed, of soap and skin, but there’s also a hint of his salty, slightly bitter essence hiding behind all that, and John's taste buds explode with the memory of him coming inside his mouth only a day ago.
John smiles and cups the side of Sherlock’s face with his right hand, then pulls him into a long, tender kiss. It’s chaste, just lips on lips, but Sherlock’s heart stumbles nonetheless. When they part again, John’s pupils have widened to an extent that makes his ocean-blue eyes look almost black.
is even more charming,” I add and kiss his glowing skin, scraping my moustache against his dusky pink nipple in a tender caress.
He leans down and puts his mouth right over John’s crotch, exhaling hot air over the bulge straining against his lips, and then he moans as well, and the sound vibrates all around John’s cock and makes him so hard that he’s afraid of embarrassing himself by coming right into his pants.
John's mind is whirling, trying to get itself around the ludicrous idea that's slowly forming in front of his inner eye, and he wonders if this is real. Maybe he's dreaming? This wouldn't be the first dream of this kind – at night, even with Mary lying next to him, he'd often come "home" and find Sherlock there, and they'd hug, because their dream selves apparently do that, and sometimes they'd have dinner, or tea, or work on cases, and sometimes, they'd do entirely different things, too. Intense, forbidden things. Things John tries to forget once he wakes up (it hurts too much), but which he thoroughly enjoys as long as the dream lasts.
“Hiking,” John says and smiles at the interviewer, “he starts hiking. In Cornwall. Because that’s where they are.”
of a kind John has never felt before. He feels himself opening up to it, his body responding to the stimulation, welcoming it, and he just lies there, boneless, and lets it happen.
He sinks into the mattress a little further, his hands holding on to the pillow now, and then Sherlock spreads him with his thumbs and slips both of them into him and
,” I growl and run my hands through the sweat on the skin of his hips and thighs. “I've been thinking about this--- for two years, Sherlock… At night, touching myself… thinking about taking you, making you---
Mycroft doesn't stay, but leaves after carrying Sherlock's suitcase into his bedroom with a very pointed, humourless smirk. I guess that now, with everything going its normal way again and his little brother not being in imminent danger anymore, he's back to his old self. It's strangely comforting to know that not that much has changed.
Maybe it's okay to feel like that about this, John thinks as he dries himself and then puts on his dressing gown. Maybe he can show Sherlock how much he loves him tonight, more so than he could with words, and even though he knows that their problems won't be solved miraculously by a great orgasm or two, he hopes that his friend will understand that John will never, ever cause him harm again. That he wants to make up for it, not only by working on himself and on a way to get over his issues, but also by giving him so much pleasure, again and again, that some of the pain can be erased over time.
Sherlock reaches out and caresses the side of his face, his fingertips tracing his brow and the shell of his ear, making him shiver. The soft touch feels familiar, and the sensation calms John down a little.
I'm positive that his new look will make an appearance in one of my occasional forays into the realms of irrational longing soon.
I reach around him with my left hand and wrap it around his weeping erection, all the while continuing to tongue his arse, and judging from the sounds I can now hear him make it seems like he's biting the bedsheet to stifle his moans.
His knees tremble even in the horizontal as he thinks about what this voice does to him, the mere memory of it enough to make his pulse flutter in his throat and heat pool in his loins.
They kiss for long minutes, the breath they share growing hot and heavy, and then John reaches down and between Sherlock’s legs to rub against his hardness, and Sherlock moans and breaks the kiss to stare at him out of ample eyes.
“You can take me apart all you want,” I answer, glad that our exchange has taken the urgent edge off my need and given me time to gather my wits. “But you’ll do it in my bed.”
Goosebumps race down my arms and back, and I pull at his hair again to make him look at me. He’s blushing beautifully, high up on his cheekbones, and his eyes are burning with arousal. I run my fingers across his mouth, tracing that perfect Cupid's bow and his pouting bottom lip, and he holds my gaze and opens his lips to suck on my thumb.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” he tells him, tears prickling behind his lids. “I didn’t know. I never meant to--- I’m
“You’re so sexy, Sherlock, oh God…” he pants, brushing the spot again and again, and Sherlock whines and follows his movements with small thrusts of his hips. “Fuck, yes, show me how you like it, come on…”
. Your--- your wounds were still fresh when you came back to me," he states, his voice foreign even to his own ears. It sounds like broken glass.
“It's not a dream. You’ll have this each and every day, Sherlock. Each and every night, if you want it. Please excuse me getting emotional, but I'm just so utterly,
They have to separate so that Sherlock can rummage in his drawer again and find a condom, and John watches him and runs his hand down his back and thigh in a tender caress.
I use my thumb to guide my tip into his opening, and it takes only a little pressure to enter him completely. He groans loudly and almost topples me over when he shoves back against me, and I brace my legs against the floor and hold his hips to keep him still. It’s absolutely incredible to be inside him like this – it’s so much more intense than just the fingers, and I feel lightheaded from feeling him pulsing all around me, sheathing me in slick, tight heat. Since he’s so tall, it’s difficult to get a good angle, and I have to shuffle back a bit and pull him along so that he can spread his legs a little more. He follows willingly, like putty in my hands, and the surge of possessive power flooding my system at seeing him like that is so, so good.
John is still rolling his hips slowly, almost lazily, and the pace drives Sherlock insane. He wants more, right now, but at the same time he never wants it to end.
He seems to be forgetting what I was before we met. Trying to stay calm for his sake, I look at him and smile sadly.
…" Sherlock stops moving all of a sudden and uses his forearm to hold John down as well, breathing heavily. "Wait,
Sherlock grips the back of John's head with his free hand and cards his fingers through his damp hair.
Things have changed. Although John can’t imagine his life without his daughter in it, he sometimes mourns the loss of the old, carefree days. The nights filled with adventure. Sherlock, the whirlwind, sweeping him away. Danger. Adrenaline. Those were the times that brought him back to life, long after he'd given up on himself.
I'm paralysed. My arousal has turned into blind fear, and I don't understand what he's saying there. He wasn't supposed to see me like this. It was my secret. He'll leave me.
“Lie down, Sherlock,” John tells him and waits until Sherlock’s head has come to rest on his pillow, turquoise irises glinting at him in a questioning, slightly apprehensive look.
The wounds on his back are pulsing faintly. He's glad that the stitches didn't open up again when he fell. On the other hand, he would have deserved it. He deserved the bloody nose, too, and the cut on his lip and cheekbone.
"It's taking my brain, Watson," Sherlock continues quietly. His palms make a whispering sound as he strokes her back, maybe her arms, too. "Before long, I won't remember my name, or your dad's, or yours. Most days, it just… hurts. Everything hurts. I can't do it anymore. I wanted to win; please believe me. I tried so hard. But I can't. I can't go on, my sweet girl. I'm sorry for--- giving up. I'm sorry I'm taking John away from you. I'm---
He got up to follow everyone out, taking a moment to shake the Prime Minister of Croatia’s hand before resuming his thoughts on the way to his office.
kidnapping, but he’s gotten away with it twice.  He knows he can do it and still walk free.  His real target will be bigger.  I would guess he has a celebrity of some kind in mind or a political figure.”
“No.  What?  Yes?  Yes.  I meant yes.  I’m fine.  Definitely fine.”  Sherlock refused to meet his eyes.
By the time Mycroft arrived at New Scotland Yard, Sherlock was already pestering a very harassed looking Greg for information that the man did not possess while John looked on rather bemusedly.  Something in John’s expression niggled at Mycroft’s brain, but he chose to ignore whatever it was for the time being.  Their kidnapper had upped the ante.  Not only was a young woman’s life at risk, but the entire situation screamed “international incident."
After that the conversation turned back to the trials of maintaining peace and sanity in London (for Greg) or the world (for Mycroft).  Greg was pleasantly warm from the wine and laughing when he glanced at his watch.  He had no desire to leave, but he also needed to be up early tomorrow.  Greg tried to think of the best way to say goodnight, but Mycroft saved him the trouble.
Sherlock hitched on his most normal smile and approached the desk.  “Hi, we’re looking to buy gym memberships.  What sorts do you have available?”
If the two refused to push the boundaries of their relationship, nothing might change.  Or the awkwardness of their mutual, but unacknowledged attraction might drive them apart forever.  On the other hand, if they tried and failed to cultivate that attraction it would just as assuredly separate them, and failure seemed likely.  After all who could really tolerate all of Sherlock’s idiosyncrasies?
John grabbed his coat from the hook before darting after Sherlock down the stairs.  Greg followed behind.
Sherlock stopped walking suddenly.  His vision unfocused for a brief moment.  “I… hadn’t considered that possibility.”  Sherlock’s gaze fell on John.  He looked unmistakably proud.  “It’s a good point, John.  However,” Sherlock broke back into a quick walk, “it’s irrelevant at the moment.  If Miss Holloway was taken from her home, then Lestrade already has the scene secure.  If she was taken from somewhere else, someone needs to locate it.  That’s what we’re going to do.”
Sherlock approached John who looked more nervous than anything else now.  He wrapped an arm around John’s waist and pressed their lips together without hesitation.  After a moment, he felt John release a sigh.  It seemed he had been holding his breath.
Still, the attraction Sherlock felt for John was growing, becoming out of control.  Lost in his deductions earlier, he had not even realized he had closed the gap between them until he was on top of John.  John should have been annoyed at this latest invasion of personal space, but instead he had not pulled away at all.  Sherlock had clearly seen the burn of attraction in John’s eyes.  Or perhaps he had simply felt his own attraction and projected it onto John.  His feelings for John made his observations unreliable.  In either case, the pull emanating from John at such close proximity had been unbearable.  Sherlock silently thanked Lestrade for his timely intrusion.  He had been sorely tempted to kiss John, the results of which would no doubt have been catastrophic.
John caught up a moment later, spluttering and visibly confused.  “Where are we going, Sherlock?  Shouldn’t we take a closer look around the gym?”
Sherlock never apologized.  It just didn’t happen.  John had been flabbergasted.  Some of his shock must have been visible on his face because Sherlock had immediately become huffy.  “Aren’t you supposed to accept my apology?”
And yet it was a rare moment in which Sherlock could observe John sleeping.  The greyish light seeping in through the curtain from the moon seemed magnetically attracted to him.  It made his hair look less blonde and more silver, but that suited John.  As uncomfortable as his position must be, John still slept soundly, prepared by a military life to sleep anywhere.  Sherlock watched John breathing deeply for a few long minutes, not really observing, but reveling in his ability to simply look.  The warm creep of affection spread through his chest.
Sherlock was so immersed in the case files that their arrival at Baker Street surprised him.  John paid the cabbie before heading inside.  For once, Sherlock trailed one step behind him, reluctant to pull his nose from the folder.
Sherlock’s friends had made him better.  He not only solved more crimes, his behavior had improved in nearly every conceivable way.  He was still insufferable, of course, but they cared for him anyway.  That concept was not totally objectionable to Mycroft.  That someone might care for him in spite of all his reprehensible doings seemed impossible, but perhaps if Sherlock could succeed, then the Holmes brothers were not a lost cause after all.
Greg stood outside Mycroft’s office building in shock.  What, in God’s name, had he just done?  Asking out Mycroft Holmes was like volunteering to wrestle an eight-hundred pound grizzly bear because it just happened to be wearing a tiara.  That is, if said bear also ran the British government.  It just made no sense.
“We should all go home.”  John suddenly interjected.  It seemed John could sense Sherlock’s mounting tension and wanted to stop the oncoming tirade.  “Looking at the same data the same way and hoping to get different answers out of it is insane.  We all need rest and a chance to think about it from a different angle.”
Mycroft barely uttered a “thank you” before hanging up.  His presence would be required with the ambassador, but his first priority needed to be the investigation.  He opened the door of his office into the small anteroom where Anthea’s desk sat.
It was barely half past seven.  He needed to make copies of the interviews for Sherlock, and then there might be enough time to read over part of the files again before heading out to the flat.  No doubt it would be another very long day.
Half an hour later, John once again climbed out of a cab in Sherlock’s wake, this time on the outskirts of South London.  He squinted up at a small, brick warehouse on the opposite side of the street.   As soon as the door was shut, the cab disappeared down the road, and John was immediately aware of the solitude around them and the imminently setting sun.
“I have to stop by the Yard to see if anyone else has found anything.  You two go on and let me know what you find.  Thank you again, Miss Harris.  We’re doing everything we can to catch whoever’s behind this.  Please let us know if you remember anything else.”  Greg held out his hand to her.
It was Mycroft’s turn to laugh; he had no great love of the forensics expert either.  “Yes, he can be quite industrious when he chooses to be.  When he was seven, he told the nanny that he was building an atomic bomb in the basement.  I thought nothing of it, of course, until I actually saw the contraption.  He had basically succeeded.  He only needed the uranium to make it work.  I still have not managed to find out from where he procured the schematics in a time before the internet.”
“I’ll check on her.  Look down the hall and in the lobby.  We need to make sure we’re alone.”  John whispered.
Mycroft smiled to himself at the thought.  Had it only been a few years since Mycroft believed Sherlock hopelessly lost?
Sitting on the same damn sofa from this morning did nothing to slow his heartrate, however, and the chorus of
“Sherlock, you need to eat.  You can’t hope to come up with any new ideas if you haven’t eat for two straight days.”
John leaned his head on the window as the cab they were in carried Sherlock and him to the latest crime scene.  Embarrassment gnawed at his insides, and he fought back a groan.  Hopefully the rhythm of a case would put this day back on track.  How had it even gotten so strange to begin with?
“Nothing new.  The lock has the same marks from an inept lock-pick.  More evidence that our perpetrator is the same, but not particularly telling as to his identity.  Any other evidence is unfortunately gone now.”  Frustration practically oozed from Sherlock’s voice.
“Of course.”  Sherlock resumed his performance smoothly.  “We have friends who come here regularly.  Mae Harris and Jacquelyn Lowe.  Do you know them?”
The question seemed to have piqued Sherlock’s interest at least.  His eyes never left Harris’s face as she answered, and Greg felt a swell of pride at asking a Sherlock-approved question.
“Lestrade.  The police need to process this scene, especially that blood.  It will be essential to a conviction.”
Greg gave him a sideways glance, and John wondered if he should even try to explain the ridiculous position Greg had caught them in.  John opened his mouth, but Sherlock shushed him before he even began, so John returned to his silent reflection.
“John, he needs to be thorough.  Concussions can cause long-term damage – even death – if not treated properly.”  Sherlock hovered nervously by John’s side.
I had a lot of fun with this one.  Johnlock snuggles make me quite happy, and there will be more where that came from soon. :)
“It wouldn’t be unexpected if either of you had bothered to answer your phone.”  Twin looks of bewilderment met this announcement.  “In any case,” Greg continued, “we have a serial kidnapper.  No leads, no suspects, and it’s odd.  The first girl, Mae Harris, turned up back in her own flat after three days.  No injuries and no memory of the event.”
. John is inside, warm and alive. He has to see him, just this once. His hand tightens its grip and pushes down the handle and he opens the door, just a little bit, just to be able to peer inside.
If they knew each other more intimately yet, he would just go and straddle Sherlock, sit on his lap and devour him right then and there, but he wants to take it slow. He has no idea how far the other man wants to go with him – today and in general.
It takes him a while, but finally the corner of his mouth twitches upwards in a minuscule smile. I’ve got to him.
Sherlock nods and sucks at John's tongue when it comes within reach, and they deepen the kiss for a long, blissful moment. John tastes of tea and himself, and there's nothing Sherlock likes better. He could spend the rest of his life kissing John, and it would be perfect.
He's talking quickly, anxious to relieve himself of the words before his courage leaves him. Sherlock is still gazing at him in silence, his eyes inscrutable. He doesn't reply right away.
I rise as well. There are a hundred ways to respond to this, and all of them are currently racing through my mind. I have to decide on the right one. He wants me to be confident. To be strong. To be in control.
Emboldened by the reactions his ministrations provoke, Sherlock moves his finger down the rest of the way and up the cleft of John's arse, brushing his opening, and John bites his lip harder at that and huffs out a series of staccato breaths through his nose. His legs begin to shake against Sherlock's thighs.
He listens to himself and feels like a robot, like a machine that’s been taught how to speak and act like a human being. It hurts, but he’s also numb all over now. Dead inside.
,” John rambles. He crooks both fingers and nudges Sherlock’s prostate, then presses into it and massages it with his fingertips, trying for the quick, rhythmic circles Sherlock always enjoys so much. “You’re so good, so fucking gorgeous—
He starts to massage my scalp with his fingertips, his blunt nails giving me the most glorious sensations, and I shiver from head to toe and finally still and slump into the gap between his legs, my nose so close to his now softened manhood that I can smell his release and his sweat and my saliva mingle on his skin, which, come to think of it, should really not be as pleasant as it is.
"No," he says. "The beard burn. Should have looked in the mirror more carefully this morning. I was still a bit tired, apparently."
He’s definitely crying now, and John gives him one last, gentle swipe with his tongue and then pulls away to look up and see his face.
“There is a gentleman here who wishes to see Mr Holmes. Do you happen to know when he will be back?”
that happened, we're still together. That means something, don't you think? It has to. And I'd like to make it work. I--- I love you, John. I always have."
"Oh well, I must have misplaced it," Sherlock says, his trademark mask of indifference sliding back into place. "Thank you, John."
he can do. It all comes crashing down on him - the injustice of it all, and his sorrow, and his stupid, hopeless love.
chiming through the cabin sound so innocent, but their effect is substantial. The crew hurries off behind their little curtain to take their seats and don their seat belts, and even if John’s deduction skills leave a lot to be desired, he can make out the barely-concealed unrest in their eyes.
His taste and the phantom feeling of his silky hardness slipping against my tongue are still lingering in my mouth, so delicious, so heady. He looked beautiful when I took him in. I kept my eyes on him all the time, memorising every flutter of his lids, every lustful frown, every strangled gasp. His fingers were in my hair, pulling tightly when it became too intense and he wanted me to stop, and my scalp is still tingling with the aftershocks of his touch.
"Not now," he whispers, out of breath, and cards his fingers through my hair. "I'll need--- some preparation for that… But I
Three days later, the MYphone rings in the middle of the night, jerking me out of a light, restless sleep. I grunt and fumble around in the dark until I find the phone and then, squinting, locate the green button to answer the call.
