He had to do it for John. He wasn't entirely trusting of Effie Taras just yet, although he had gone through ever fact about her in his head and found no reason not to. Sherlock wasn't used to betrayal, it wasn't his normal department. He didn't want to hurt John like that again, but was there really a choice? He hung his head and tried to keep the hurt from clouding his judgement yet. "You're not going to kill her... Are you?" He asked, his voice sounding pathetically weak.
Sherlock's head snapped up. "What is this little gift that you keep talking about?" He knew it wasn't a bomb or an assassin or anything that could hurt John Watson, judging by what she said,
Just as the sun began to rise, the dark haired man awoke, and silently stretched out the glorious ache in his body. He turned to look over his left shoulder at the man beside him who had his back to him, and he found himself blushing over the sight of the angry red scratch marks that covered his gold tinted, muscular back. He pushed away the urge to reach out and run his fingers gently over the marks, just to feel what he had done. Instead, he let out a heavy, happy sigh, and carefully, as to not wake his partner, pushed the duvet back, and crawled out of the large bed.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "Well, normally one doesn't just call a friend to meet him for a drink unless there's something wrong." He commented. The detective sounded uncertain and otherwise preoccupied. Must be a case.
to say, he had decided to keep John Watson for the rest of his life from the moment he realized that John had killed a man for Sherlock, saving the detective's life, just hours after meeting him for the first time. He wanted to tell John how he changed him, made him better, made him feel human for once, instead of feeling like the high-functioning sociopath he dubbed himself to be. He wanted to say that he was John's, heart and soul, mind and body, all of him was John's, and he didn't care who knew. He never wanted to love anybody else.
In the midst of all of his staring, he doesn't notice that John suddenly freezes where he stands, until the water is turned off, and John is turning around. For the briefest, most terrifying moment of Sherlock's life, he sees John's face, and thinks he doesn't recognize him, with the dead eyes that seems to bore holes in his face, looking through him, not at him. John looks good, for being three years older, if not just exhausted, but for a long time, his face doesn't change. Not even a little.
Mrs. Hudson gasped at the DI's words, then buried her face in her hands for a moment before reaching down and pulling Sherlock into a tight embrace. "Oh, Sherlock... They've found him."
The ex-criminal glanced over at his husband, who was pouring Irene a glass of Barbera d'Asti, and smiled. "I am too."
The cold water feels like heaven on his bone dry throat. He can't remember the last time he had been allowed water. He sets the cup aside, and glances back over at his brother. "How long was I out?" He asks first.
"John!" Greg jumped up and grabbed the man's arm before he could punch the wall again. John turned and glared at his friend, but the hostility quickly left when he saw the serious look in his eyes. Greg pursed his lips, and released his grip on the doctor's arm. "Look, I know you're angry, but that's not going to help. We need to focus and find Sherlock, so, what else do we know?" He said sternly, keeping his tone level, as if not to sound like he was actually saying I'm scared too.
He did, but he did not turn around. His face was already hot with embarrassment and anger, and he decided not to let John see that.
The men were suddenly cut off as a group of men emerged from the shadows and attacked them. John didn't even have time to reach for the gun in his jacket pocket before he was thrown the ground. The men began kicking the doctor, allowing him to watch in horror as the other men brought Sherlock to the ground. He tried to scream out to him, but he was cut off again with more blows to his face, stomach and rip cage. He couldn't breathe. He could taste blood in his mouth and he spit a mouthful of it into the street. He couldn't see Sherlock anymore on the ground but just as he was losing consciousness, he saw them throw the consulting detective into the back of a van and drive away, completely out of his sight.
Jim swallowed hard. He looked to Sebastian for words. "It's Jim, actually. Who are you?" He demanded, snapping probably more than he originally intended, but, he certainly didn't like the way she and Sebastian looked at each other. Obviously there was a mutual attraction, and he didn't like it.
Sherlock leans back against the pillow in near shock. After two years away from home, he expects himself to feel overjoyed. He expects to be near ecstatic at the near thought of going home to Baker Street, being able to sleep in his own bed, being able to listen to Mrs. Hudson prattle on about unimportant things while he tries to work on cases, oh
call me that again." He all but snarled, biting back his rage. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Sebastian glaring at him, but this infuriating woman was getting on his nerves.
The tube is crowded for a Monday. John Watson sits with his back heavily anchored to the back of the bench as he stares down at one particular tile in the metal floor while quiet chatter hangs around his head like a cloudy daze and the rickety tube shakes from the years of wear and tear on the tracks. It doesn't seem like May. It's far too cold, which is why the clinic was so busy because everyone has the flu or a cold or allergies they don't know how to deal with due to the erratic weather, so he was busier than normal. Which was nice, because it gave him something to do, no matter how boring.
The purple ink was intriguing. The ink and the delicate cursive handwriting told him that it was a woman who wrote it, he only saw pretty handwriting like that when it came to women, and even if it were a man, he wouldn't write in purple.
But, then, he was suddenly wrapped up tightly in the warmth of John's arms, his head buried in the doctor's shoulder. Sherlock couldn't catch his breath. He never expected this. "You beautiful thing. You beautiful, beautiful man, I love you so much, I'm so sorry." John whispered in his ear.
John Watson can honestly say that he never meant to fall in love with Sherlock Holmes. He never meant to do it at all, it just sort of happened. It started at the pool, he knows that much, seeing the way Sherlock looked at him, strapped to those bombs and ready to die with him or for him, whatever it took in that moment. The way Sherlock's eyes widened, and his breath caught around his name, and the way he swore he could hear the drumming of his heartbeat from across the pool. He knew from that moment that he was completely and utterly done for, and though he was almost certain that Sherlock didn't feel the same way, he was perfectly fine just being close enough to call himself his friend. It wasn't enough forever, but it was enough for the moment.
The detective hesitated, unsure of what to say. He knew there was something missing from the puzzle, but his mind was in absolute shambles, and he could barely think straight.
A very satisfied, very happy smile spread across Sherlock's face. "Would you like to come on another case? Just for old time's sake?" He asked excitedly.
Sherlock had nothing to say that. His throat was too tight for him to speak, so he just nodded, and allowed John to hold him after that.
John and Greg are total bros, and I love their relationship, so I wrote a scene just for them! Anyhow, we're getting toward the big ending, and I hope you guys enjoy!
The figure slipped silently across the room and typed in the code to the miniature vault (that had been built to look like a computer hard drive) that was attached under the desk which contained over one hundred billion pounds in bearer bonds from the United States, which is where the bank insisted in storing them for safe keeping. An abnormally stupid error for a bank, and especially stupid for a bank that was supposed to have the highest security in all of London. A small smile pulled at the figure's lips, and in the reflection of the metal door, they could see their own eyes smiling back at them with a mischievous glint.
"I'm fine." The doctor snapped, dropping to his knees beside him and the Ukrainian woman. "Effie, let me see your wound."
"I can't do this a third time, Greg. I just can't." He rasped, his head dropping back to the ground. His shoulders shook as he let out a trembling breath. "First the fall, then he was shot... I can't do this again. I was so angry at him when he first came back, but I was so relieved and so happy to see him, it was impossible for me to stay angry at him for very long. Then she shot him, and..." John clinched his fists together at his sides. He could feel the tremor returning, and he tried his best to suppress it. "When I saw him on the floor, covered in blood, I thought that was it, I thought I had lost him again, I couldn't think, I could barely move, I was so scared, and then to find out that it had been
He ignored everything, every time his phone rang, every visitor at the door, he just sat int the living room, and waited.
"Don't say that." The criminal snipped, focussing on a spot on the ground. He hated those words. He hated them even more when Seb used them. He hated that he hated the words, he shouldn't be afraid of four stupid words, but those words were far from innocent, and they only ever came out of Sebastian's mouth when something bad was about to happen.
I HAVE COME BACK TO LIFE!!! So, I'm finally going to be posting again, and, I thought I'd give you guys the sneak peak at what's to come.
familiar voice of Mary Morstan, followed by an equally snippy response from Effie Taras. Sherlock's dodgy Russian didn't do much help, but he could, in fact tell that Mary was furious about Effie losing track of him, and Effie was doing her best to argue back with her and explain how it happened in the first place. Mary came down the steps, and Sherlock was surprised to see that she was actually dressed in street clothes, her swollen, pregnant belly quite visible under the too large grey jumper. She was carrying a gun, the very gun she used to shoot Sherlock with, it was cradled almost lovingly in her right hand. Sherlock felt sick again just seeing her, especially like this.
The detective stares blankly at his brother for a moment, then looks up at the ceiling. He brings his hands to his face, holding them there like he does when he's thinking. "How did she take that?" He asks.
Mary, who didn't seem to notice the change, glared murderously at the Ukrainian. "Not your call, Taras." She hissed, her grip on the gun tightening.
John was just about to turn the detective's question around and ask him if he was alright, but there was a soft knock at the door that cut him off.
They throw a tarp over him-which he is thankful for, as he can allow himself to breathe a little, and then the van jerks, and they're driving. He's too tired to calculate where they're going. He doesn't stay conscious for long.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something, but his throat is so utterly dry that he can't even attempt to get the words out, and he lets loose a painful cough that sends sharp pain rocketing through his rib cage. He winces, and lays his head back against the pillow in attempt to get his breathing under control.
The first thing Sherlock notices when he wakes up is that there is something taped under his nose, and it's uncomfortable. The second thing he notices is that it's cooler than where he was before. The third is that he's not alone.
The doctor drops his keys and wallet on the table where he always leaves them and gets down on his knees to pick up his daughter and kiss his husband. The toddler shouts nonsense noises at him for the next few minutes and he just agrees with everything she thinks she's saying while he makes a cup of tea for himself. His husband laughs and prepares food for the child. They already agreed to order Angelo's home tonight, but, that'll be later.
But, three and a half hours later, just as the sun is beginning to rise and turn the room into a collage of pink and orange, John finds himself still awake, and staring at the ceiling, his mind turning over the events of the previous hours, and by seven, he decides it's time to get up.
The detective stopped in his tracks, and quickly ran back to flip the switch on the lamp. He was going to do it for John. Just in case he came home.
From his pocket, his phone began to ring. He pulled it out with hope that it was the detective, but his hopes were quickly dashed. It was only Lestrade. "What've you got, Greg?"
"Of course the pregnancy is real. Actually, everything about the way she feels about John is true. She made the mistake of falling in love with him. The only reason she stopped chasing after you was because she loved him, and she thought Jim Moriarty was dead. She was actually just fine being retired and not having to kill you although she realized early on that you and John have probably the most romantically and sexually tense relationship that
He had been working in the lab when he realized that the clock on the wall had stopped working, and was now rushing home to try to make his Skype call with John. His heart was pounding, and his converse were completely soaked through, but he couldn't be bothered with that. He needed to see John. His boyfriend hadn't made it home for Christmas, and their last Skype call had gotten cut short, and now he was running late... He felt like he hadn't talked to John in months. He had to hurry. He didn't want to check his phone, out of fear of seeing that he was too late.
"Who are you?" Sherlock demanded, glaring at the young Ukrainian assassin standing before him. He kept his deep baritone voice calm, not wanting to show her that he was actually frightened.
The man pulls out his phone and texts the Detective Inspector who scolds him for waking him up at two in the morning. The man explains he's finished the case and needs another.
He threw the front door open and ran out to the street to haul a cab. He ordered the cabbie to take him back to his house, and waited anxiously in the back while they drove. While the drive itself would have normally been short, it felt like it was taking much too long. Every second he wasted, Sherlock was in danger somewhere.
"I did it for you!" Jim thundered, his voice cracking with anger and the tears that he had been trying to keep down. "I did it to make sure he didn't hurt you, you son of a bitch, it was for you!"
He hears the door open again, and he feels an ice cold sense of dread fall over his body as he waits for the pain to come.
"They did. But I sent them away, then tried to wake you up. I knew you were having a nightmare, and it wouldn't have ended well, had you awoken with a group of strangers in your face. The young nurse who always checks on you was the only one who took me seriously." His brother almost laughs.
"I'm sorry." He whispered. He never apologized to anyone. He stretched him on his toes to press a kiss to Sebastian's lips, but was immediately pushed away, much to his dismay.
The doctor sighed, and let a deep breath out from his nose. He looked around the living room that he had come to miss so much, and reminded himself why he was there.
Effie threw her head back with playful laughter and shook her head. "Oh, Sherlock, I told you, Johnny is fine!" She looked up at the wall behind him where a clock sat on the stone. "By now... Oh, he's at Baker St. right now. He's probably found my little gift by now."
Jim's blood began to boil, and he clinched his hands into fists. "This isn't funny, dammit. He's smart, okay, smarter than me, smarter than Sherlock Holmes, and he's dangerous."
That should satisfy him. An easy compromise, and sleep can wait a little longer. John leaves the phone on the bed and hauls himself to his feet.
John’s fingers dig into his shoulders painfully, but he’s too happy to care. He fights his way back to the surface, clutching John’s warm body to him protectively. “You’re alright,” he urges, cupping John’s face and wiping the water from his eyes. “John, I’m here, I’ve got you. You’re alright.”
“How does he get them out, though?” John asks. “There’s only one way off the ship. Couldn’t we just watch the gangplank from here?”
That same man sat across from him now in the tiny chip shop, staring thoughtfully into his plate. Whatever troubled him was a mystery. He knew it was something about what happened in the boot of that car. But it couldn’t be such a simple thing as embarrassment, could it? That simply didn’t make any sense.
At a loss, and feeling he should be doing something comforting at this point, Sherlock gingerly tries to wipe John's face dry with the towel. John flinches away as if burned by it.
Boards creak underfoot as he creeps onto the promenade, ignoring the vast expanse of black water beyond the sheer cliff of the ship’s outer hull. Overhead, amidst a tangle of pristine ropes and hooks, a row of enormous orange lifeboats jostle and sway on heavy-duty cranes. Now he knows why this whole section is off-limits; a couple of drunk civilians could easily cause a lot of trouble around equipment like this.
“Yes,” he replied surely. “If it would please you, anything. Only don’t be disappointed that I won’t be hard for you. It wouldn’t mean that I’m not enjoying the experience, or don't want to be there. You know I rarely subject myself to things I find boring or unappealing.”
Sherlock pulls out his phone and peers at the screen, frowning briefly before stuffing it back into his pocket. He spins around, bringing his gloved hands together with an exuberant clap. “Pack a suitcase, John,” he announces, “we’re going to Menorca.”
John stood from where he’d been crouched over a suitcase, folding shirts and stuffing them inside. One hand gripped the armoire in front of him, the other rubbing back and forth over an eyebrow. “Because I can’t live here anymore. With you.”
And he’d bet money that she knows exactly what effect it was having on him. He can see it in her eyes; the way she watches him, it’s too calculating. Her words too precise. This is a practised art, and she’s a grandmaster at seduction. But for as good as the performance it is, he can tell that it’s well rehearsed. She probably does this sort of thing on every contract she takes: Picks one sad, lonely, sexually frustrated guy, lures him in with the promise of a night to remember. Takes what she wants from him — most likely his wallet — while he’s too blissed out to care.
!” he yells, his calm snapping like a tightly wound string. Panic prickles along his skin and raises the hairs on the back of his sweaty neck. He tries again to push Sherlock out of the way but those big, solid hands return and hold him in place. It takes every last scrap of his control to not lash out and remove them by force. “Sherlock, I’m not kidding. Let go.”
“This is bollocks!” John cries, his voice climbing with frustration. “How are you even supposed to see where you’re going? People do this for
“This is ridiculous,” he complains weakly. “How am I going to eat like this? How will I even sleep?”
John meets her eyes. When did she even see them together? “He’d probably say some very choice words and then sulk over it for a few days. I wouldn’t recommend it.”
She twirls a lock of hair around her finger, smiling at him coquettishly. “Your friend, I take it? Mr Tall-Dark-and-Moody?”
John’s reaction to the ship was stronger than expected; clearly his issues run deeper than they first appeared. It’s a worry. He’ll have to move
them it was contaminated so that we could have the place to ourselves for a while. People will believe anything they’re told with the right stolen uniform and an authoritative voice. Now, hurry up,” he says, rubbing his hands together. “Put the trunks on and come over here. We're wasting time.”
“It’s just so they’re not tempted to find out who’s kissing them by touching their face or clothes or something,” Greg patiently explained. “Oh right, I skipped that part. So, they’re blindfolded, right? And then the rest of the group selects a random kisser to kiss the kissee. Nobody should speak or give any indication who got picked, otherwise the kissee might get clued in. If the kissee can guess who kissed them, the kisser has to finish his or her drink and we pick another kissee. But if the kissee doesn’t guess it, they take a swig of their drink and we pick another random kisser until they get it.”
John listened for a moment, his own breaths coming short. “It’s quicker than usual,” he said. “You sound out of breath, like you’ve been running about.”
It was nearing midnight when they exited the chip shop, and the night chill had properly set in by then. Fortunately, home was just a few minutes walk.
“Just a bit,” John replies, smiling. He pulls out his phone, a temporary replacement in lieu of the one he’d lost on the Aurora. Mycroft will want to know his brother is awake. Sherlock watches him peck laboriously at the screen for several minutes while he sends his text.
as he ever did, the unflappable git. For all that he’d been shoved into a cramped car boot and then spent the past ten minutes fleeing a gang of armed thugs through the streets, Sherlock seemed to have some magical ability to remain almost entirely unruffled. His clothes had straightened themselves, and his hair looked tousled, but no moreso than it did that morning when he’d purposefully styled it that way. Nor did he seem at all phased by what had happened between them in the boot.
Hours later, a headache is blooming at the back of his skull. Three shifts, and not a single one of them is fully accounted for. He’s beginning to doubt himself— this may be impossible after all. To make matters worse, he hasn’t heard from John in a while. He should probably check up on him.
” he replies, and John can’t be entirely sure whether his interruption was accidental or a deliberately calculated move. Probably the latter. Either way he seems aware of having interrupted
Even now, the padding of bare feet tails him like an incessant stalker. He probably has no idea what a thoughtless and self-serving stunt he just pulled, probably thinks this is an overreaction to something harmless. He knows just what Sherlock wants to say:
John approached him again, and after a moment of hesitation, slipped his arms back around Sherlock’s waist. When he looked up to meet his eyes, Sherlock slipped his hand around the nape of John’s neck and urged him forwards.
“Inconclusive,” John said, removing his hand. He wasn’t going to make this easy, clearly. But Sherlock could hear the intrigue behind his scepticism, and so he moved on to the next test.
It was impossible from that brief touch and no visual inspection to get a proper impression of how deep the cut is. Sherlock assured him it was superficial, and he can only hope to God that he wasn’t just trying to spare John the worry. As soon as the light comes up, he should take a closer look at it; all this movement could be aggravating a more serious internal injury.
This was a stupid idea from the start. He should never have come along. What was he thinking? Him, spending an entire fortnight on a cruise ship, miles from dry land? How did he ever think he could cope like this, let alone be of any use on the case? No wonder Sherlock is being even
“I’m bloody doing it!” His breathless giggle ringing out across the dark. “Alright, I think I can do this. What next?”
Sherlock sweeps past him with an armful of toiletries. The door to his bedroom flies open and he dumps the pile unceremoniously onto the bed. “You know why,” he replies.
Obliviously, Greg shrugged. “That’s alright, Molly. You can sit out too, if you’d be uncomfortable.”
about John. And the longer they knew each other, the more obvious it became. Not only to John, but to everyone they knew.
His answer was loud when he started to sink into the heat of Sherlock’s mouth, feeling those cupid-bow lips stretching wide around his girth. His hands found their own way into Sherlock’s dark curls, stroking through his hair and taking great efforts not to pull at it. He could feel Sherlock’s tongue pressing him up to slide against his palate, and when he pulled back, it flicked back and forth while his cheeks hollowed in suction.
“Oi! Don’t give my game away, you prat.” John picked a ball of scrunched-up wrapping paper from the floor and flung it at Sherlock, who caught it and threw it straight back at him.
of them to glance over their shoulder, and soon the whole room would become witness. And even if they did, not even that would stop him. His brain was locked on target, unshakable. He almost
Without pause, Sherlock followed, and John leaned back on his elbows to let his gaze roam lower, licking his lips appreciatively. Between the lightly furred thighs, Sherlock’s genitals hung in repose, clean and neatly groomed. He was uncircumcised, the head of his penis hidden within the folded silk of his unblemished foreskin.
“So will you stay?” Sherlock asked some time later, as they cuddled on top of the bed. There was uncertainty there, as if he didn’t quite trust the obvious conclusion. As brilliantly clever as he was, sometimes he still needed the simplest things spelling out.
She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a plastic card, sliding it across the table. “My room key,” she explains, dark eyelashes winking at him. “I have a few errands to run first, but I’ll be up in an hour or two. I’ll even sneak some bubbly out of the kitchens for us. One night, Johnny. I promise you’ll enjoy yourself.”
Having finished his observation of the morning shift, it’s as he suspected: The trafficker is playing it smart. It would be nigh impossible to hide someone for an entire day, to speak nothing of how dangerous it would be to attack someone in broad daylight. More likely he’s on the night shift, probably taking advantage of the low visibility and diminished foot-traffic to move about undetected.
—” he gasped, but his words dissolved as Sherlock’s wet lips sealed over the head of his cock. His tongue slithered over the slit, licking away the salty liquid even as more started to emerge. John squeezed his eyes shut, trying in vain to catch the embarrassing noises he was making before they could escape his throat.
“There’s no next, you berk,” John said. “You guessed him correctly. That means you sit back over here and we pick someone new.”
She then reached into her handbag, producing a cheque book and pen. Sherlock glanced sideways at his friend, lifting his brows in a promising gesture. He knew this was John’s favourite part of a case:
It took a second, but then a flicker of confusion crossed John’s face. He looked up, meeting Sherlock’s eye. His Adam’s Apple bobbed as he swallowed once, twice. Sherlock could see multiple conclusions being drawn and discarded behind his eyes from the simple statement. Eventually John said, “What does that mean?”
John wedged his hands under his thighs to stop them from clenching. “You can’t hold your breath forever, you silly git. I know who—”
“’Course,” John says. “But I don’t want to be. And I don’t ever want to feel as helpless as I did in the water that day. I want to conquer it. What you did at the pool— Well, I won’t say it helped at the time, but it did force me to recognise the problem. Ella’s always saying I should find ways to turn my weaknesses into strengths; this seems like a perfect way to do just that.”
, he thinks. It shouldn’t be dark again, not in the space of seconds. He must have fallen asleep, and now he’s drowning and he can’t even open his eyes. But then he feels it— a deep, pulsing pressure from above, thrumming through the water, pounding at his ears. Is he… still awake? Rising adrenaline lends him the strength to struggle back to the surface. Between the waves that lap over his eyes and obscure his fading vision, he glimpses a massive object hovering above them. His heart leaps into his throat.
“Yeah. They gave up, figured it had been too long. I wasn’t going to let them make that decision. I, ah, was still a bit wet at the time, though.”
. And John was a man with a drive that could only be fulfilled in a certain way. The fact that it was technically considered illegal was of secondary concern in Sherlock's eyes to the more important matter of John’s wellbeing.
“Don’t,” he hisses. He pins Sherlock with a glare so fiery it could melt the sun itself. Gone is the admiration, the warmth, the unquestioning trust in John’s eyes; only a red mist of anger and betrayal remain. He may actually throw a punch. If he does, Sherlock knows he deserves it. John's tortured expression cuts itself deep into him, etching itself into his memory and promising to refuse deletion later on. If he should even try. Sherlock bites his lip, overcome by regret, and braces himself.
"Don't get any ideas," John warns. No matter what Sherlock thinks, there is no way he’s going anywhere near that pool. Anyway, they’ll be too busy for mucking about. With any luck, Sherlock will get so caught up in the hunt for their quarry, he’ll forget all about trying to 'fix' John's issues. It’s a comforting enough fantasy to stem the rise of another wave of panic.
Heat rushes to his face. He grabs a towel from the counter and crouches to wipe up the mess before it can trickle underneath the oven. A curse slips out under his breath. “Dunno how that happened,” he says, huffing an embarrassed laugh. “Just sort of slipped—”
“What of the other one?” Mikhail growls as they’re hauling John to his feet. “We need the other. This one is just lackey.”
“You… love me?” John asks, stupidly, because he still can’t quite believe those words coming from Sherlock’s mouth, even though nothing else in the world makes as much sense as this. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
He disappeared through the frosted glass door to the bathroom, emerging a minute later with a damp flannel. He cleaned John with such careful attention, making sure to get every last bit, and looked no less pleased to be doing this than he did at any other point during their lovemaking.
“We have been after this Petrov fellow for quite a number of years,” Mycroft explains. “We could not allow this opportunity to slip through our fingers.”
He shuffles into the kitchen and flicks the light on, squinting at the sudden brightness. “Go on, then,” he calls over his shoulder, filling the kettle and setting it to boil. “Why us? Why do we have to do it?”
Panicking a little himself, and keen to avoid the mutual embarrassment, Sherlock decides to speed things along before he's forced to abandon the idea entirely. “Last chance, John. Trunks or clothes?”
“’Kay.” He cleared his throat. Stalling for time, or perhaps searching for the right words? “Sex always gives me an appetite.”
“I fucking knew it!” John exclaims, slapping his hand into the water and nearly upsetting their equilibrium in the process. “That’s what tipped them off you were coming. It made a bloody noise!”
“Are you ever going to stop smiling?” Sherlock asks him, half-dozing as he watches John peck away at his screen.
Understanding shines in John’s alcohol-dimmed eyes. “He probably knows all the CCTV hotspots on-board. Uses his authority to guide some poor girl away—”
But he kept going, and soon it didn’t matter as much as just how good this felt. John was rock hard by then and had begun working himself more seriously, as the pleasurable teasing had built into something more demanding. Half-time was fast approaching, and that would be the more hazardous time for him to still have his cock out, as people would be leaving their seats and brushing past them to use the facilities and acquire fresh snacks.
The woman cackles with laughter, her eyes gleaming with unshielded malice. “You must think we’re real stupid, curly. No, I know who you are. I know how smart you
As Sherlock began shifting again, John tried to think of anything other than the myriad fantasies he’d had over the years about the man currently writhing like a lover on top of him.
“That all?” Mindy’s expression takes on a coy, teasing air. “The way he looks at you, though. I wonder what he’d say about it.”
waterproof, which is flaw number two in the idea.” He shifts his grip around John’s middle, attempting to give them both more room to kick. “The only Mycroft-related intrusion I’ve allowed anywhere near us is that tracking app I installed on yours.”
He resumed along their path, allowing John to fall into step beside him, grateful for the opportunity to regroup himself. The next time Sherlock spoke, he sounded spirited. “Shall we pick up some chips on the way home? That little place down Audley should still be open this time of night, I think.”
He’d never examined it too closely, these feelings he had for his best friend. He always presumed it would only end in rejection and heartbreak if he dared allow himself to fall for the man. But if they truly did love each other — and it was becoming apparent that they did — then what would that mean for the pair of them?
He takes a moment of pure indulgence to bask in its glow. As much as he loves the city, it can so easily drown him in too much sensory input. He can try to hide away inside Baker Street, but the city presses in, seeps through the cracks in the walls and filters in through the windows, an all-pervading vitality, a pulse of life that can never fully be ignored. Out here the world sleeps, and the nights fall into absolute tranquillity, calming in ways London never is.
“It’s elevated,” John said, considering the evidence as he splayed his fingers over the shirt, over Sherlock’s fluttering heart. “Could be fear. Anxiety.”
John gasped into him, any semblance of control fast slipping away. Sherlock licked around the heat of John’s tongue and tasted the unspoken words he’d stalled, smoothing them away and writing his own in their place.
“I have a feeling I’ve slept way past my usual quota,” Sherlock comments, turning his head to squint at the monitors by his bed. Wit, curiosity; little by little, his personality is already making itself known.
Next time, he might not wake at all. Exhaustion is pulling him under. With nothing but miles of emptiness beneath his feet, he can’t carry on much longer.
It was hard to pin down the reason John accepted him so readily, but it was nothing like the kind of selfishness others so frequently used him for. John had nothing he would consider ‘valuable’ to gain by staying by Sherlock’s side— on the contrary, sometimes merely the fact of their acquaintance put John in considerable danger.
Sherlock took a delicate sip of his single malt whiskey and frowned at himself. Try as he might, he couldn’t stop his pinky finger extending from the glass in his hand. How infuriating. If losing one’s ability to control their extremities was an expected side-effect of being drunk, he wasn’t sure what the appeal of it was supposed to be.
John was fifteen, at school attending an English lesson. The teacher called him to the front of the room to recite his essay in front of the class, and his traitorous body had chosen that exact moment to present an insistent and painfully obvious erection. The hard bulge showed clearly through the material of his school uniform trousers. What could he do? He couldn’t raise his hand and say, “Sorry Mrs Raithwait, I can’t do it. I’ve just popped a massive boner in my pants.” Not in front of a class of twenty peers, friends and enemies alike. He’d be mocked for it for the rest of his school career.
“Off you go then,” Sherlock balled up the scarf and purposefully threw it at John’s face. John glared at him. Sherlock’s drunken petulance could occasionally be considered cute, but this was beginning to border on aggravated childishness.
“M…Molly…?” Sherlock hesitantly offered. Everyone around the table gasped. Molly turned bright red. Sherlock ripped the scarf away from his eyes, his voice climbing comically high. “Who was it?!”
He turns to leave. Before he can step away, Sherlock lunges and grabs him by the upper arms. The element of surprise gives him the advantage and he begins walking them backwards, dragging John, fully clothed, towards the pool’s edge.
He slaps the phone into Sherlock's palm. At least some things about him are as predictable as ever. Sherlock sets to work, tilting the screen away from John’s curious gaze. It's probably wholly unnecessary, but he isn't taking any chances. After a few minutes of fiddling, the failsafe is installed and John's phone is paired with his own. Now if they ever become separated, Sherlock will be able to find him quickly.
Sherlock felt the tremor of indecision swaying him, torn as he was between pressing closer towards that which he so obviously longed for, and tearing himself away. Their lips barely parted, but neither of them moved, and Sherlock didn’t dare open his eyes just yet. “Have you ever known me to do something I didn’t want?” he whispered. Without waiting for a reply, he slid their mouths together again.
"But no, too risky. It’s possible I might be able to detect whether someone is being coerced to leave the ship against their will, but I’d rather not let him get that far. He could also be sedating them and having them offloaded as cargo.”
He had hoped that John would find some relief in the knowledge that both of them had reacted just as either of them would have been expected to. But rather than being comforted by the revelation, he seemed all the more disturbed by it.
Typical. The day he manages to take John somewhere without him ending up on a date will be the day Scotland Yard grows a usable brain between them. John says something inaudible and the waitress touches his arm and throws her head back in laughter. It’s an invitation that not even Sherlock, with his admitted lack of social awareness, could miss; and, right on cue, John’s eyes flick down to admire her ample chest. The appreciative gleam in his eyes tells Sherlock everything he needs to know about where John’s mind is.
An hour later, John reluctantly forces himself back onto his feet. Moping around in his room isn’t going to do any good. Bucking up his courage, he steps out into the hallway— and nearly trips over Sherlock, still sitting outside his door. John crosses his arms, glancing up and down the empty hall. “Shouldn’t you be somewhere else?”
Relief washed over Sherlock’s face, and that clever mouth and tongue returned to continue playing their dazzling symphony between John’s teeth. His mind was reeling, barely able to keep up with what was happening between them. He still wasn’t sure he fully understood, but one thing was plain to see: Sherlock wanted this every bit as much as he did.
He can make out at least five decks stacked atop a sheer, steep hull, lined with gleaming windows from end to end. A series of bright orange lifeboats hug the visible side of it, huddled beneath the canopy of the deck above, while at the front of the ship a gantry crane hauls supplies from the wharf onto the ship’s fore. At ground level, a smattering of last-minute passengers are boarding along a covered walkway attached to the town-sized construction of steel and glass. From their vantage point at the road, even the top deck of the ship is visible, and John’s heart flutters as he recognises the distinct rectangle of blue in its centre.
“Hm, by threatening to pre-invite me to the next five family get-togethers. It was effective, I grant you.”
Panic momentarily gripped him when Sherlock was forced to rub his face along John’s crotch, because God knows what it smelled like down there. He froze, not daring to move an inch, until at last Sherlock’s upper-half was freed of its binds. John shuffled over to allow Sherlock to settle on the floor of the boot beside him, and together they made short work of the rope tying their legs.
Sherlock turns from the cabin window to peer at him. John rubs the pads of his fingertips back and forth beneath his baggy eyes, stretching and crinkling the sun-worn skin underneath in a movement that he finds oddly hypnotic. He watches, fascinated by John's unique ability to appear worn and aged beyond his years, a truly masterful non-verbal exagerration that is the centrepiece to his complaint that Sherlock doesn't let him get enough sleep. It's ridiculous. He got less sleep in the military than he does now. He debates internally whether or not John would be angry if he pulled out his phone and took a candid picture. With further study, he could base an entire disguise around it. But John hasn’t been in a particularly genial mood all morning, so he decides to stick to mental snapshots only. Which is fine, really, considering he cleared out an entire wing of his Mind Palace months ago for the sole purpose of cataloguing All Things John Watson.
“Lucky me, then,” said John, drawing out a more genuine smile from Sherlock’s angular face, one that made his eyes shine from beneath his dark lashes.
“Maybe you should get some sleep first, yeah?” he says, wary of pushing him too hard, too soon. “I can come back later, give you a bit of privacy. I’ve been hovering over you for days.”
“…All that remained was the act itself, and that was the easy part. Having looped the security footage, the thief then observed and followed the flow of traffic around the room, carefully choosing his moment to slide the painting out of its frame and roll it into a tube hidden within his coat. He did this entirely undetected, despite there being no less than twelve other people in the room at the time. Daylight robbery; you’d be surprised just how much you can get away with in public without anybody noticing.”
bothering him? His body had responded as any normal human male would. Surely John knew that, so why was he suddenly behaving as if he’d crossed some uncrossable line, or revealed too much about himself?
John lets himself be led down onto the quay, silently cursing that he may be, after all, stupid enough to follow Sherlock into Hell.
John unzips his jeans, shoving his free hand into his underwear to give himself a firm stroke. He exhales through clenched teeth;
Everyone they knew now considered John the foremost expert on Sherlock Holmes, and not without good reason: They had grown thick as thieves in no time at all. And one thing he knew for sure about his strange, brilliant flatmate? He was no sociopath. His major problem seemed to be his difficulty to connect with and express his emotions. But hell, even John himself struggled with that, and most people considered him a perfectly normal bloke.
Having exhausted the doctorly things he can do, John glances around and spots a jug of water. He pours a fresh cup. “Want something to drink?”
Interrupting his thoughts, a voice crackles over the ship’s Tannoy system to announce their imminent departure, and Sherlock looks to him expectantly. “Well?”
“My God, John. You look absolutely wrecked,” he noted with an apologetic grin. He checked the big screen briefly before sitting back in his seat, leaving John — flushed red and feeling indeed quite wrecked — to slump back and recover from the experience, his hand still clutching the softening penis inside the box.
He looked adorably distraught at the idea. John chuckled, shaking his head. “From now on,” he said, “I don’t think we’ll need an excuse to do this whenever we like.”
John snorts. “Feels like we’re the entire bloody force, at times. I’m starting to understand why you never sit down for more than five minutes. Nothing would get done, otherwise.”
He tries to fight it. He tries so hard to fight it, but soon the darkness takes over the edges of his vision, and soon, he cannot see at all, but he hears the voice still trying to pull him back.
It's growing dark when he finally collapses from the pain, his whole body limp, and his face pressed into the ground.
"What do you mean?" He demanded. When she didn't respond, he looked her over carefully, unsure of what to do. The way she stood, the way she carried herself flawlessly across the floor, her sense of humor, everything she did reminded him of...
"Sherlock, you know I can't." He replied. "Not with work, and Mary, and the baby coming soon, I can't." But,
John forced his unwilling eyes to open, and was momentarily blinded by the lighting of the room. He quickly clamped them shut again and hurled himself forward, realizing he was strapped to something on the ground. He was beginning to gain the feeling back in his wrists, and he could feel the restraints holding his hands bellow him to the wooden chair he was sitting in. It felt like rope. His mind continued to swim, but he tried to organize his thoughts. The next few minutes were very important.
"Tonight. Your brother says you're quite eager to get home, and I don't blame you. Two years away would really make me homesick too." Emi replies, her bright baby blue eyes sparkling as she takes down his vitals.
kitchen with John's arms around his back, tears falling on his shoulder, he buries his face in the crook of John's neck, breathes in the spicy smell of his cologne, and sighs, feeling all of his troubles melt away.
John made a noise that sounded so pained, it almost broke his heart. "I know. I know, Sherlock, I'm so sorry." He pressed a kiss to the top of his head that lingered for a moment, then he pulled away, and tightened his arms around Sherlock's shoulders. "I told you I'd come home, though."
Once she was gone, Sebastian turned around and crushed the smaller man to his chest, holding him there with his arms. "I told you I would get us a way out." He murmured into his partner's ear, his hot breath sending a shiver down the criminal's spine.
SO, for now, please enjoy this chapter, and I hope it lives up to your standards until I can write more. As always, I love you all so much, and I hope you enjoy!!
Effie locked her jaw, and took a careful step forward so that she was half covering Sherlock's body with her own. "Mary," She warned gently. "I'm giving you a chance here, so I need you to put the gun down on the floor, then step away."
have seen in the history of forever. I actually think it's rather funny that Mary seems to always fall for gay, blonde soldiers that are in love with dark haired geniuses. It's quite-"
The detective stares her down, then eventually nods. He wants to say thank you, but doesn't know how to make his mouth work, until something dawns on him, the use of his real name. Mycroft has him under William Hart in the hospital logs, which makes him disgusted, hearing his dreaded first name. He pulls back into the hospital bed, heart already beginning to pound. He stupidly reaches for the bedside table and grabs a needle off of the tray and points it at her. "How do you know me?" He demands.
Somehow, however, John moved much faster than he did, and before he could even register what was happening, John's hand was wrapped tightly around his arm, right above his elbow, with no intention of releasing him. "Sherlock, stop, okay? Just stop."
Sherlock watched John closely, unsure of what to say. Mary was dead. Mary was dead, but the baby was fine. Effie had saved three lives. But, John... John seemed emotionless. He seemed so conflicted, he was digging his fingernails into his palms so hard it was a wonder he didn't draw blood... He was broken, but alive, and he looked like he was happy, but ashamed... Unsure of anything to say, Sherlock reached out and carefully laced his fingers with John's, squeezing them lightly.
With less than a second to plan, the criminal charged forward and hauled themself up onto a large Dumpster, despite the shout of protest from the DI behind them. When he was close enough, they swing around and kicked the man in the side of the head, and then sprinted away from him, hoping to get as far as they could before he came to.
"You know I would." Jim answered. He meant it. "I would give up everything I have, everything I've built, I would live some horribly domestic life, just to be with you, but there's nothing that I can do. There's no way out of this."
The elder Holmes looks at him over his magazine again, then closes it with a sigh, throws it on the table, and scrubs a hand down his face. "About two weeks."
Greg didn't seem to know what to say. He hadn't known that it had been Mary who originally shot Sherlock. It was obviously a lot, but at that point, John didn't care. He wasn't planning on staying with Mary after this, baby or not, so Greg and Mycroft could deal the ex-Mrs. Watson once this was over.
The two men shared a look as they rushed out of the noisy pub on the corner and began the walk back to 221B. John's heart was pounding in his chest. Although it was never said allowed, both men elected to not take a cab. They wanted to spend the most time they could together before John had to return to his wife. Although John lived with Mary in a flat across town, he would always, always consider 221B Baker St his home. He knew those creaky wooden floors like he knew medical procedures and he could easily walk them in the dark. He couldn't wait to be back.
The doctor looked briefly at the clock to check the time. "I get off in half an hour, and I thought, maybe, if you weren't busy, you'd want to meet up for a drink." He explained. "I mean, we haven't seen each other in a while, so I thought..."
Neither man had anything more to say, so they stood on the balcony, their fingers intertwined, staring up at the stars as the day came to a close. Sherlock was at that moment, as happy as it was possible to be. It was amazing how they fell so nicely into the pattern, like they had always been together.
With that, he folded the letter back up, and slid it into the drawer of the side table, where he knew it was safe. After that, Sherlock smiled, and walked back to join his partner and his baby girl, still smiling for no reason at all.
"I mean, I don't remember what it was about. It's already... faded... I guess." His voice trails off and he looks toward his hands that are neatly folded on top of the sheets. The heart monitor has finally gotten back to it's normal beeping, and when he looks down, he can see he's messed up some of his wiring, as well as thrashed the blanket on top of him halfway off of the bed. "Why didn't the doctors come running?" He asks.
He heard noise sometime after what he estimated to be around two thirty in the morning. He didn't even wake up when he heard his bedroom door open. It wasn't until he felt someone slip into the bed beside him that he woke up completely. His eyes snapped open, and he was about to jump out of bed when a pair of very familiar, strong arms wrapped around his body.
When the cab stopped outside, he was suddenly met with unease, but he course feel the adrenaline coursing through his veins like an Arctic river, and the Sholto-voice in the back of his head kept telling him to run, but for once, he listened to the Sherlock-voice in his head that told him to come forward. For once, he decided to disobey his commanding officer. Quietly, very, very quietly, he opened the door of the warehouse, and stepped inside, following the sounds of Mary's raised voice.
His flat is not too far away. It's not much, just a tiny thing with open windows and lots of light pouring in, something he vaguely remembers Greg or Molly telling him would be good for him, to have the sunlight in his house. (He doesn't feel like it's done him much good, but what does he know about the therapeutic properties of sunlight?) He retrieves his mail and kicks his shoes off the moment he goes inside, absentmindedly rummaging through the bills and whatnot before throwing them on the table where he can ignore them, and he goes to make himself a cup of tea. He puts the kettle on the stove, he takes an apple from the fridge and a knife from the drawer, and he leans back against his counter, and he waits.
Now John sat anxiously, with rings in his pocket. He had removed them from the box, knowing that his detective would have discerned the outline of it in his pocket hours before he was ready. He and Sherlock rarely kept anything from one another anymore and the detective had sensed his anticipation earlier. The lively sounds of the party filtered up the stairs, where John had taken Rosie to put her down in her crib. The room dark, he leaned over and touched her soft baby hair as she slept. He felt more than heard Sherlock standing in the doorway to her room.
“What are you nervous about?” he probed, without preamble or pretense. John smiled. He couldn’t hide anything from this man.
“Someone’s awake,” John said, lips curving at the corners in a smile that was fuzzy at the edges. Sherlock didn’t know if John was referring to Rosie or him. His breath caught at the warm affection in John’s eyes and he wondered briefly if his heart had forgotten how to beat.
“Nope, your turn. Truth,”  he interrupted. I ached with the pain of his honesty, but I  knew that we needed this debridement in order to heal. We had to complete what we had started on this strange winter night that had brought us together.
"No, stay here with the baby, but keep an eye out for her." The detective shot back over his shoulder as he rand own the steps and out the front entrance to hail a cab.
From a few feet away, Jason Kelleher groaned in pain. He had landed on the floor against some of the heavy metal barrels full of kerosene, one of which, had fallen over and was now spilling out all over the floor, and was struggling to get to his feet.
"I'm fine, Mycroft, please, I don't want anymore." The detective almost begs. He really doesn't want the drugs, he needs to think. He needs to be awake.
Sherlock made a noise of confirmation, then was silent. When he spoke again, his voice had dropped to a near whisper, and he sounded defeated. "John... It's Mary. Mary's the one who..."
The hand at his mouth moves down to his throat, and squeezes tightly, cutting off most of his desperate gasp for air, and man he recognizes as The Tall One leans down close to his face, close enough to brush his nose across the detective's cheek bone. Sherlock can feel his scruffy beard scrape across his skin, and he feels bile rise in his throat when the man presses his lips to his cheek as lightly as he can, just to intimidate.
Dana Carlisle grinned. "Bassy forgot to mention my best quality. I solve problems, and I solve them well. He called and said you have a big one. I'm here to help."
When the screen went black, Sherlock sighed, and fell back against the sofa. The flat seemed almost too quiet now that John's voice wasn't filling it. He missed him already.
John slid the phone back into his pocket, and looked back up at a very wide eyed, and very interested Greg Lestrade. "That was our mystery woman. I don't know who she is, but I'm not taking any chances with Sherlock's life, so, wait twenty minutes after I leave, then send police and an ambulance over to the basement of the old Cassidy Corporation warehouse." He ordered, slipping into his captain's voice.
The doctor looks over at him, and takes in his hurt, anxious expression, which cuts deep in his chest. He never wanted Sherlock to second guess himself. "You're right." He says carefully. "I'm not gay, but I am bi. I've been with men and women all throughout my life, and I've never had any qualms about it."
The soldier rolled his eyes. "There's no one here but us, boss." Sebastian leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to his partner's lips, the rough stubble on his chin scratching Jim's face, but he didn't mind.
Sherlock's body feels heavy and weighted down, like he's drowning deep under a thick blanket of water, instead of the desert he had been in before. He's warm. There's no pain. His heartbeat is calm, and slowing down. Drowning had been the wrong word before. He is not drowning. He is floating.
they dumped your body. You walked five miles from where they left you, in the wrong direction, mind you. That's why it took us forever to find you."
A smile spread across Greg's face. "You told him you loved him." He commented, ignoring the statement.
The detective sighed. "I should have known, though. I should have figured this out sooner. I just... I didn't want to believe it."
Today was worse. They had taken turns whipping his already shredded back, and then, before he had even had time to recover from that, they were rubbing dirt in his fresh wounds. He never screamed, and that made them angry, so they had gone down their favorite route; beating. Every kick, every punch, every blow to his body feeling harder and much more painful than the last.
Their lives had become quite wonderful over the last few years, after they got away from England and the awful games. It was domestic, but wonderful. Of course, they still worked worked, but not to the degree that they had in the past. It was actually quite perfect. They had a beautiful penthouse that overlooked the city, and it was possibly the best place for them. They loved their lives, and of course, having Dana and Irene visit as often as they did was fun.
"Three lives, what do you-" Suddenly, it clicked. Sherlock's jaw dropped, his heart skipping, and he nodded.
"I believe you." John replied quietly, but like steel. "However, if you lay a hand on him, I'll put a bullet in your brain before you get the chance to breathe. So, I would think twice about who you're threatening." Then, he took another step.
Both men froze. Sherlock closed his eyes with a groan while John collapsed lightly on top of him. "Fuck."
Sherlock looks up and recognizes the intruder in his room as not being an intruder at all, and actually the nurse that always comes to check on him during the day. She has her arms raised in a defensive, yet calm position, and she's backed up quite a few feet from his bedside to give him space. She watches him cautiously, like she's waiting for him to speak.
"Well, if Effie, or Dana, whatever her name is, is to be believed, he wasn't really coming after us to begin with." John scoffed.
That earns a smile from Sherlock, and before John can react, his boyfriend (the word still sends a spark through his body) pulls him back down onto the bed, kicking sheets around, and making it known that he's not planning on letting John go.
Nothing. He orients himself upright in the water, blinking open his eyes where the lashes have dried and matted together. It takes him a moment to get used to treading water like this again after so many hours on his back, but he manages to keep his mouth and nose above the waterline. The horizon has an umber glow that warms the edges of his view, promising a sunrise that should chase the cold from his shivering limbs and grant him some much needed visibility.
The sounds Sherlock was making in his ear— grunting, panting with effort, certainly weren’t helping. His lips were brushing against him occasionally, accidentally, just beneath his earlobe. It was all so painfully intimate. Almost indistinguishable from the real thing. And combined with the see-saw swaying of his slender hips as they ground against John in just the right way…
Finally, Sherlock's orgasm begins to subside and his body relaxes back into the cushions, still twitching occasionally with powerful aftershocks that make his cock dribble. When it eventually begins softening, John gingerly climbs off him.
It’s the woman, then— her presence complicates matters. Over Mikhail’s shoulder, she watches Sherlock with equally vicious intent. If he tries to scrap with Mikhail, she’ll be right there to trip him up or stab him in the back.
, damn it. He’d long since tamped down any hopes of anything like that happening for real. Sherlock was… He just wasn’t like that. And John had come to accept it, reluctantly, because there had been a hope, once. Back when he’d first moved in. Sherlock had seemed to be deliberately serenading him with his violin, and John would listen, enraptured, as if Sherlock was sending ghostly strings of himself into the air, and it was all John could do to absorb them into his very soul. They felt connected. Or at least,
“I know.” He puffs his cheeks, dropping his chin to rest on the metal rail. “Sorry. A splitting headache is no excuse for snapping.”
“You like kissing,” John murmured against Sherlock’s swollen lips. “Heavy kissing. It’s a sexual thing, for me, this. But how does it feel for you? What do you get from it?”
John has to look away, at the floor. Anywhere but directly at that self-assured, condescending face. Sherlock still doesn’t get it. There’s no point even listening to this. He turns to leave, but Sherlock grabs him by the arm. John tries to shake him off, but his grip only tightens. “John, please just listen—”
“Permission can be revoked at any time, you know,” he warned. “I wouldn’t push your luck if I were you. Not if you want this to continue.” He gestured below with a nod.
The air hums with distant music and the rush of waves, but there’s a tense silence on the deck between them. At first, Mindy seems rooted in place. John can’t blame her; the man looks like an ex-con. But she swallows her fear, sidling around Mikhail, hands trembling. When John reaches out and takes her hand, a quiet sob escapes her. He draws her behind his back, placing himself in a defencive position between them.
Sherlock smiled, and John watched as his slender fingers picked at the buttons of his shirt, one by one, slowly revealing the pale flesh beneath. To date, John had only seen so far as his collar bones, and occasionally a leg or an arm when the detective needed a minor scrape tended to. Now he was getting the whole package; it was like Christmas.
He hadn’t even realised he’d closed his eyes, until he felt a pair of soft lips against the tip of his nose and a gravelly voice floating over him.
On the surface, John was an unremarkable man. In the months before meeting Sherlock, his life had been following the time-old script of the soldier returned home from war, injured and struggling to rediscover his place in common society. Had it not been for his limp, it would have been so easy to overlook him, to dismiss him off-hand as not worthy of a second glance.
John hums, letting a pleased smile grow across his face. It’s such a joy to watch his fantastic mind work. Only someone so brilliant could spend three days in a coma and then not an hour after waking up go straight back into dazzling him with his observations. Without thinking, he places one hand by Sherlock’s head and lets the naked tips of his fingers stroke through his dark curls.
Three hours later, the transplant is a success. Sherlock and his new kidney are carted back to his room to wake from anaesthesia. The replacement should last a decade at least, assuming his body doesn't reject the organ, and in the meantime he should make a full recovery. When Sherlock wakes, he looks happy; happier than John has ever seen him. John can barely contain his relief. He sits by Sherlock’s bedside all day texting everybody in his phonebook, the heels of his feet bouncing restlessly.
Sherlock wears a look of complete awe. “I think,” he says, slowly, “that was the best thing I’ve ever seen anybody do, ever.”
The longer he swims, the brighter the eastern sky glows, and the scratchier his voice becomes. Soon he can barely make any noise with it at all. Despair claws at him, but he would rather exhaust himself swimming in circles than give up. His eyes scan in every direction, and in the light of the rising sun he spots a small, dark shape floating in the distance.
“I was turning it down,” Sherlock explains, his voice sleep-thick and a little slow from the opiates lingering in his blood. “The pain is manageable.”
Sherlock slid his hands down until he could wrap his fingers around John’s soft, trembling palms. “John, there is nothing you want from me that I’m incapable of giving to you. There’s nothing I don’t
Tentatively, John begins kicking. Too quickly at first, but then his pace settles with more confidence. His weight lightens, and soon his arms begin to relax, instincts no longer teetering on the knife-edge of survival. Sherlock’s hands stay clutched tight around his middle, even as it quickly becomes obvious that John should probably be the one supporting
This was quite possibly the best blow job John had ever experienced, and his orgasm suddenly felt very, very close as he sunk all the way back into that impossible space again.
“Blimey. Are we going to need a flowchart to play this?” Anderson remarked. Greg shot him a withering look, but the other faces in the circle looked equally dubious. It certainly did sound complicated, now that he was trying to put it into words. But Greg had never been very good with this sort of thing. He scratched his head and searched for a better way of putting it.
“Drink,” John urges, carding his fingers through Sherlock’s sweat-damp curls. When his aching lungs finally allow it, Sherlock takes an unsteady sip from the glass, gasping at the relief of the liquid parching his roughened throat.
Sherlock looks at him through darkened, wide-blown pupils, and nods slightly. “Yes, I just thought you didn’t… I didn’t dare hope that you would…”
It’s almost too miraculous to be true. They’ve been found. He doesn’t dare close his eyes again; if this is a dream, he doesn't want to wake from it. The chopper’s blades cut through the air as it descends towards them, whipping the sea into a violent spray of salt and brine and making his ears ring with the sound of it. He watches the harness as it lowers, accompanied by a rescuer in bright orange gear. Sherlock goes up first, hanging limp and unconscious, reddened with sunburn. Watching him ascend, John’s eyes sting with fresh tears. There’s no more room for doubt in his mind: If he lives, then so will Sherlock. Nobody left behind.
“Hmm,” John hummed. “Like anal,” he offered, without really thinking about it. Sherlock, bless him, looked mildly alarmed at the idea.
He leans over him, taking a moment just to smell it, that musky scent of sex and clean skin and fresh sweat. Then, tentatively, he flicks his tongue over the dripping head, tasting him. Sherlock makes a small noise at this, the first sound John has heard out of him since he began, and for a moment he’s terrified that Sherlock has woken up and discovered him tonguing his cock. But Sherlock is still locked away, thinking about God-knows-what in his Mind Palace, completely oblivious to anything John is doing.
Next to him, Sherlock had noticed the colour rising in John’s cheeks and the wavering of his breath as he approached the cusp. He leaned in to whisper in John’s ear. “Might want to hold off a bit. Keep yourself on the edge.”
Sherlock briefly wishes he had the power of telepathy, because his reply would be something along the lines of, “Yes, actually. We’re supposed to be hunting for a very
“Don’t,” John warns, raising his voice in the dry gaps between each stroke. “Don’t even try… that on me. I won’t leave you here.”
Unfazed, John takes another step forward. He levels a cool gaze at the cocky Russian, who clearly believes intimidation will scare his shorter opponent away without a fight. He has no idea who he’s dealing with. “Good idea,” John says. “When they get here, we can tell them all about your little side business, selling people off to your trafficking buddies in Austria. Oh yeah, I know all about you. I’m sure the
Finally he turns and storms through the door, but not without a parting shot. “If my brother is ever in need of another organ, I’ll be certain they find a way to accept
If there’s any sarcasm or manipulation in the words, it’s invisible. John wants to believe it. But Sherlock is a master manipulator, and he’s seen this act before. This wouldn’t be the first time he trotted out a perfect facsimile of sentiment in order to sway someone to his side. The question is, how much does he trust him at his word? After what he pulled earlier— not as much as he might do.
His pulse quickens, his heart seeming to know where this is going even as his brain struggles to catch up. He brushes it off with a laugh. “I know. Not a bad life, is it? Having your own personal assistant, tea-brewer, housemaid and live-in blogger. I’m irreplaceable.”
It was thanks to Sherlock’s encyclopedic knowledge of London that their pursuers quickly lost sight of them through the labyrinth of back-alleys and side streets. With one last check to make sure they weren’t still being followed, they slowed to a brisk stroll as they headed back in the direction of Baker Street.
The waves gradually abated, and his muscles unwound themselves, relaxing enough to allow him to lay down flat again, mortified and gasping for air. For a moment, neither of them moved or spoke. The moment was frozen between them, undefined and fuzzy at the edges. But there was no need to spell it out. If his moaning hadn’t given it away, his frenzied rutting certainly had.
John will never forgive him for this. As he pretends to swim easier, pushing himself beyond his own strength to match John’s pace, his heart races with fear. He nearly changes his mind about the whole idea, but his throat tightens before the words can slip out. Never has he felt such shame as he does now, abusing that same steadfast loyalty that’s endured so much of a beating over the years. His cheeks burn with it, with all the guilt and regret of the thousands of little moments he ever took their friendship for granted. He came so close to destroying John’s trust in him before and here he is now, doing it on purpose. Hoping for it. Hoping to give John something to fuel his abandonment. He needs it. If it will make the following days easier, allow him to let go and leave Sherlock behind, then it will be worth the pain of a hundred stabs to the kidneys and everything else that he deserves.
People were smiling and laughing all around them, and nobody was shy about displaying affection. He caught the wandering eyes of someone almost anywhere he looked, and his mind was stuck on the idea of how they’d react if he just started rubbing himself right there in the middle of the street. He imagined their eyes falling to his crotch, their friendly expression melting into one of shock, perhaps even revulsion, and the imagery caused a spark of fresh heat in his abdomen.
“Are you sure?” John asked, his mouth suddenly dry. Sherlock nodded, and he set to work unbuttoning and then pulling down the zip. Then, hooking his thumbs under his belt, he pulled Sherlock’s trousers down, followed by his pants.
going to be fun after all. The only way this could be any more perfect is if the Aurora has a swimming pool.
Before John can even process the instruction he takes off up the stairs, leaving John standing alone in the hallway with his coat hanging uselessly off one arm.
Greg nodded in agreement. “Alright. So, first thing’s first…” He proceeded to clear a small space on the table, pushing aside empty bottles and glasses and putting a few gift boxes on the floor underneath to lay one of his empty beer bottles flat on its side on the table’s surface. With a flick of his wrist, he set it spinning, and a few seconds later it settled… on him. His cheery expression fell instantly. “Oh, bollocks.”
But he’s learning. Personal boundary issues is something they've been working on together. When John first moved in, Sherlock had shockingly little concept of him needing his own space. Privacy was virtually non-existent. He would barge into John's bedroom in the middle of the night just to inform him about something 'interesting' his latest mould cultures had produced. That was the last night John slept in the nude. Compared to that, Sherlock showed remarkable restraint last night in not simply bullying the answer out of him, but John can still feel him burning with curiosity.
He’s not sure whether he’s still inhabiting his body, or floating somewhere above it. Brief, unknown sensations and half-remembered dreams tease at the edges of his mind. A flicker of light, and something touches his skin. Sharp— a familiar prick in his arm. He doesn’t so much feel it as observe it from afar. A chill spreads up his arm until it reaches his heart, and from there sends icy tendrils unfurling along every vessel in his body, numbing him, smoothing out his thoughts, turning his mind liquid and featureless.
But what they already have is so wonderful, better than he’d ever hoped for, that he would be an idiot to jeopardise it for what might simply turn out to be misplaced feelings of chivalry. For God’s sake, he’d nearly lost him. Sherlock nearly
“I know,” he beamed, soaking up the praise. “What would you like me to do?” he asked. “Everyone has their preferences. I must admit to having limited experience, but I have been told my mouth is my greatest asset, in all
, John thinks grimly. If only they were. Sherlock writhes again, expelling little else but a miserable groan. The vomiting is a bad sign, confirming John’s most grave suspicions about his injury: That it was deep enough to pierce his kidney. If he’s not already in renal failure, he will be soon.
John stood holding his padded coat in front of him while Sherlock rattled off the last details of his deduction to the gallery owner. Their current case had brought them all the way to America, to the heart of New York, chasing the leads of an international art smuggling operation. They’d already apprehended the perpetrators and recovered the artwork, and now the detective was wrapping up the case by explaining how it had all happened.
His long finger jabbed accusingly over at the table by John’s chair, where his own card — a fairly standard Hallmark offering, with a teddybear or a kitten or something on the front (God, he couldn’t even remember) — was already sealed in its envelope and awaiting delivery. “How many cards do you buy a year, on average, and write the same banal message inside each one: ‘To blah, from John’? You don’t even get to write the ‘Happy Birthday’ bit yourself because it’s already written inside.”
He's thankful that Sherlock spends most of his time at home with just a robe and pants to cover him. So that part, at least, is easy: he undoes the knot at the front of his dressing gown, and the silk material slides apart, revealing the smooth pale skin of his stomach and the gentle ridges of his abs.
Holding the box close to him, John glanced around to check if anyone could see, before unzipping his jeans and carefully pulling out his penis. The box provided a shield on all sides, but the removed panel in the back allowed room for his hand to accompany it inside. He kept the lid closed, just in case people in the rows behind them could see over his shoulder.
John came hard in his jeans, over his own hand, curling into Sherlock as his cock pulsed rapidly and spurted several wet streams of cum into his underwear. Sherlock huddled around him, glancing sideways to ensure nobody was being overly intrusive to their activity, while John shuddered through it, his breathing heavy and ragged. As his body gradually relaxed, all John could do was lean into him, spent and slightly breathless, until he recovered his strength.
Sherlock’s hands moved to his fly and hesitated there, before he seemed to change his mind and reach for John’s hands instead. “Do you want to do this part?” he asked in a small, almost timid voice.
“Let me call for help,” he pleads, his voice straining to stay level. “He can’t swim. He’ll drown if you don’t let me get help!”
It slips out before his brain has a chance to parse the subtext, but Sherlock’s wide-eyed, deer-in-headlights reaction makes it utterly worthwhile. He has to laugh. That makes
He’s only half-joking. But the look on Sherlock’s face is worth it. He raises his palms as if staring into the eyes of an angry lion. “No splashing,” he promises.
. Idling around on the ship, it was easier to ignore his growing fatigue. Now his remaining energy is being rapidly drained just from the effort to stay afloat. The blooming pain at his side isn’t helping.
Either way, Sherlock got off lucky. He’d come this close to throwing a punch. Only the look on Sherlock’s face stayed his hand at the last second, a suggestion that he did, in fact, recognise something of the pain he’d inflicted. Good. Let him stew on it for a while. Maybe he’ll think twice next time he tries something so outrageously stupid.
Last chance. He gazes longingly at the gangway. “Okay,” he says eventually, lifting his chin. “I can’t promise I’ll be much use, but I’ll try.”
Waiting for them on the back seat is a pair of brand new phones, replacements for the ones they lost on the Aurora. John supposes it’s Mycroft’s way of apologising, though Sherlock just rolls his eyes and suggests tossing them out the window. It’s been his favourite suggestion for any and all Mycroft-related issues since John’s surprising action in the hospital.
, indeed. Their chances of survival will hinge on how quickly they can swim to shore. Teaching him a beginner technique won’t do; John will have to learn something more advanced. “Front crawl,” he announces, checking his waterlogged watch. “It is currently 11:24PM…ish. That puts us about seventy kilometres out. Given a generous estimate of, let’s say… two miles per hour, it should only take twenty-one hours of continuous swimming to reach land.”
“I may have slightly underestimated how long it would take to catalogue the schedules of a thousand crew members over three different shifts. Not to mention the passengers. God, John, the
“Not my hands, no. Did get a broken nose, but I’ve had it set.” John tilts his face this way and that. “Not too noticeable, is it?”
Sherlock can confidently say he is a better man today thanks almost exclusively to the warmth and constancy of John’s friendship, so to disappoint him like this is a painful kick in the gut, and he only has himself to blame.
He’s still figuring out a polite way of declining Mindy’s offer when she rises to her feet, pushing her long hair over her shoulders. He clears his throat, mustering his tact— best to let her down lightly.
It’s all that he needs. Emboldened by his obvious approval, John puts to silence any further hesitation from either of them and kisses him again, properly this time, fiercely even, putting all the weight of his love and adoration behind it. And Sherlock’s response is beautiful and thrilling, a high noise like a whine in the back of his throat as his muscles finally come unlocked like the turning of a key. He curls his arms possessively around the back of John’s neck, hungrily drawing him closer, and John could almost shudder at the force of so many years of repressed emotions bubbling to the surface all at once.
Something pale reaches above the water twenty meters away from his current position, give or take. It’s gone a second later, but it’s all he needed. He plunges forward into a front crawl, arms arcing out of the water, legs kicking furiously behind him. The ache in his torso becomes a searing pain that makes his limbs jerk and stars bloom in his vision. He doesn’t stop. His soaked clothes drag against his efforts, sapping the energy from rapidly tiring muscles, but he pushes through it, quickly closing the distance.
John had a tendency to challenge his expectations, but this conclusion was beyond the pale. Sherlock couldn’t accept it. He needed more data.
John throws up his hands in exasperation. “I don’t believe this. No, wait, I’m talking to the Holmes siblings; I
“No, you don’t understand,” he says. “I haven’t been entirely honest with you for a long time. I have to tell you now, or I might not be able to later. But you’re going to hate me for it.”
A week later, John is returning from Tesco, arms full of shopping bags. As he’s climbing the 17 stairs to 221B, he hears a whiny Sherlock calling to him from inside the flat. When he opens the door, Sherlock is laying on the sofa, giving him puppy-dog eyes. His trousers impressively tented.
“Come lay down,” John said, patting the bed, and Sherlock did so. John lay next to him, resting a hand on Sherlock’s chest. There were so many ways forward from this point, he almost didn’t know what to do or say next. But he thought it might be prudent to triple-check exactly what Sherlock felt comfortable with. “You said that it’s okay for me to touch you, but… Do you have any rules about that? Any boundaries I shouldn’t cross?”
“Sherlock, for real…” John bit his lip. This had to stop soon, or else he was going to lose it entirely, but he couldn’t think of a way to say ‘
But to do so would be to miss a spectacular view. Sherlock isn’t usually one to pause long enough to appreciate the natural aesthetics of the world. He doesn’t simply
“What happened, then, when the ship docked?” Sherlock asks, sounding relaxed and sleepy. That’s more like it, John thinks, but it’s probably best they wait and discuss this later.
His jaw clenches painfully. He’s locked in place, unable to breathe. Can’t even think. John is invisible in the water, lost to the darkness and being left behind at 22 knots per hour. Behind him, Mikhail’s voice cuts through the static in his ears.
“Didn’t bother to ask.” He ruffles his hair in frustration. “The less the crew are aware of us and what we’re doing here, the better. He’s unlikely to be working alone. At the very least, he may have bribed a few people so that he has places to hide himself and his victims as needed. Which reminds me: You should be careful who you’re speaking to. Don’t give anything away.”
“But I’d want more…” John said sadly. “I’m sorry. I can’t lie and say that I’d just be happy with that, because I know I wouldn’t.”
He gazes down the length of the ship to where a fresh source of music has just begun pulsing its catchy 80s beat through the floorboards. His lets his eyes unfocus, losing himself in the multicoloured disco lights that dance around the main stage in a mesmerising display. “We got lucky tracking him here. But once his contract ends, he can vanish back out into the world. One week, John. If this one slips past us I’ll never get it out of my head. Traffickers… These are the dragons truly worth slaying. They are the very scum of humanity.”
“Aren’t I the lucky one?” he winked at them. They laughed, and Sherlock mirrored the gesture with such skillful acting that John had to seriously question whether or not it was real. After wishing them an awesome day, the group rejoined the march, leaving John and Sherlock to their own company, and John to his bemusement.
He tries not to think of it now. As long as he has strength in his limbs, he’s in no danger of drowning. Floating on his back doesn’t even take effort. He had to admit that Sherlock was right; swimming isn’t so difficult once you get the hang of it. He wets his parched throat and calls out again, louder this time. Maybe he just didn’t hear it.
As ever, Cluedo was ruled off-limits, so that Sherlock couldn’t embarrass himself with his unorthodox playing style. And spirits were too high, on the whole, to bring the mood down with a tedious, sobering game of Monopoly. They quickly grew bored of playing cards. Then, eventually, someone had the bright idea of playing Truth or Dare.
When the curtain of numbness pulls back again, he realises he’s still breathing. So he rests. It’s comfortable here, lying on something dry and solid and warm. The air smells freshly bleached, like their kitchen at home after John has spent the day scrubbing every surface until they gleam. Sometimes there’s an urge to open his eyes, to test the bounds of whatever reality he finds himself in. But it’s so easy to ignore. He’d rather drift for a while longer. He’s never enjoyed sleep so much as this.
It’s not that he’s attracted to Sherlock. Not that he’d ever admit, at least. He had a reputation to uphold, and he most certainly
“It’s Mrs Hudson’s birthday tomorrow,” Sherlock mumbled, focus dropping back to his enigmatic task. He carefully adjusted his grip on the page and closed the scissor blades with a gentle, pleasing
John doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry, but it’s tempting to do both. He paces the room, frustration oozing out of his pores like sweat.
Because that’s what it was, wasn’t it? Displeasure? Sherlock found himself adrift in confusion, because the clues he was picking up painted the absurd picture of a man appalled, possibly even disgusted, by his friend’s inability to reciprocate in an act that had been entirely unintentional to begin with.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow in thought, returning to the case of the mysterious injury. “It must have happened some time after our stint in the sea, from the time we were rescued to you being here in the hospital. Judging by how they’re wrapped, I would say burns of some kind. Probably second degree. Any less and they wouldn’t look like that. Anything worse, and you’d not let me touch them at all.”
Sherlock considers his remaining options carefully. At this point, anything would be better than nothing. “There is the backstroke,” he suggests. “It’s a beginner’s technique. Physically quite effortless, but it’s very slow. It’ll add hours to my estimate.”
Sherlock glances aside to assess the state of him. Rosy-cheeked, John is visibly tired. He sways a little on his feet, but shows no other signs of nausea and seems to be in conspicuously good spirits. There’s something off about it, but he can’t quite put his finger on why. John takes his silence as an answer and does what he usually does when Sherlock is being quiet: Fills the gap with idle chatter.
Before they knew it, they’d spent two whole hours bent over the coffee table, cutting shapes and gluing things and arguing lightheartedly over tiny details. By the end of it, their fingers were sticky and covered in sparkles. A silver foil star had somehow found its way onto Sherlock’s forehead, and John burst into giggles when he spotted it.
John matched him as he undressed, article for article. When nothing but his pants remained, Sherlock hooked his thumbs under the waistband, preparing to pull down. John thought he saw a moment of hesitation there. Their eyes met, and he couldn’t be sure if he caught a hint of self-consciousness in that expression, briefly, before it was hidden behind a mask of confidence.
to do about it?” He’s sure he’ll regret asking, but he’s nothing if not Sherlock’s best friend, and he hates to see him in this much discomfort.
It was brilliant. Genius. He would win Greg’s silly little game, and find out what it was like to kiss John without making himself vulnerable. Then he’d tear off John’s blindfold and John would say exactly the same thing.
. Well thanks, but I don’t need it, and I’m not a sodding puzzle for your amusement. I’m choosing to focus on the case right now. Can you say the same?”
“Right. Just… It would be a lot easier than”—his hand fluttered at the mess surrounding them—“all this.”
“Shit. Are we too late?” John whispered, his body tensing despite the post-orgasmic lethargy weighing heavy in his limbs.
“I had rather hoped to put a damper on your day, yes. Nevermind, though. You’re a slippery fish, Salvatore, but even you can’t hope to slip the net every time.”
John had never been a selfish man; he was grateful for whatever life deemed fit to gift his way. But there had been a time, right back in the beginning, when he had dared to have such hopes. Perhaps because at that time, he had no idea how important Sherlock would become to him. Sherlock was his closest and most treasured friend, too important to lose, and now it was unthinkable that he would risk what they had in the pursuit of something more. Fantasies be damned: Real life wasn’t always perfect, but it was at least
“So… all good?” he asks, not quite managing to sound casual about it. Sherlock glances at him then, and for a moment he isn’t sure if there’s something smug in that expression. But if there was, it quickly disappears beneath a stoic veil.
Sherlock couldn’t help the huff of laughter, feeling the sting of his own tears threatening to well up. “No. Look again, John. Be specific. What do you
“Oh, I also have these—” she added, and produced two slips of what looked like tickets of some kind, but John didn’t get a good look at them before they were handed over. Sherlock flashed her a polite smile before pocketing them without a second glance. “I was going to go with my husband, you see, but all this has thrown our plans into disarray. You can do whatever you like with them.”
John has one final idea. He strips off his jeans and pants, climbing onto the sofa to perch over Sherlock’s limp form and his very hard, dripping wet dick. And while he wouldn't dream of fucking himself on Sherlock like this, perhaps there’s something else he can do that’s close enough? Pressing Sherlock's twitching penis flat against his stomach, John straddles it with his bum, feeling the length of it slot in between his arse cheeks. Then he starts to frot against him, clenching tight around the cock and sliding along it, wanking him between his cheeks.
Everything was different now, yet they were exactly the same as before. There was just another layer to their relationship now. A deeper truth to it. They had unlocked the door, found the missing piece of the puzzle that finally completed them both.
She presses her lips together and nods, her eyes wide with fear. It’s little comfort that she may have been taken to the morgue if nobody was here to stop this from happening. Mikhail could have easily taken Sherlock by surprise as well. How long would it have taken for John to realise Sherlock wasn’t just ignoring his texts? The thought chills him to the core.
Sherlock hums affirmatively, reaching for his cup. John hands it over. Their fingers brush accidentally, or as accidental as it can be when it happens so often. He's never asked. Sherlock just has long fingers, that's all. Good for playing violin, awkward for the passing of beverages between friends. They sip in silence for a few minutes, John allowing the hot liquid to ease some of the tension that’s been building up in his muscles over the course of the night. Even Sherlock’s rigid posture visibly relaxes, his forehead smoothing out beneath an errant, wind-swept curl of hair.
“Also,” he continued, “Not that I think you’d try it, but nothing up my arse, please.” He grimaces playfully, and John laughed, shuffling his body closer.
Mycroft’s grim reflection appears beside him in the window. “You are not the only one concerned for him.”
Half a cup of drab hospital coffee sits like oil in his stomach, heavy and sour on the back of his tongue. His feet ache. He’s been standing for ages, but he doesn’t want to sit down. Too many hours sat in plastic chairs over the past three days. Waiting.
Seconds, hours pass. Days. He doesn’t know, can’t tell one disparate stretch of time from the next. Time has no meaning. It was lost somewhere on the open sea, and now he drifts, unmoored, in its meaninglessness.
He arrives a second too late. Sherlock barrels through the bulkhead door just in time to see a struggling figure be tipped over the metal rail by a pair of assailants. In disbelief, he slams himself chest-first into the rail, reaching over and grasping at the air as John disappears through the briny mist. His breath punches out of his lungs.
wasn’t an adequate descriptor. This was more like breaking the surface of a sea he hadn’t realised he’d been drowning in. This was the first sip of water after years of dehydration. This was a desperate need, finally being fulfilled. He couldn’t describe it, there were no words in his vocabulary that did it justice. He only knew that he needed more of this. More of John.
“I don’t watch half as much telly as you claim,” John sniffs. His mouth opens to speak again, but the attempt is aborted twice before any words materialise. “It’s not… I am grateful, Sherlock. Honestly. It's nice getting away from London now and then.”
And then he’s plummeting through the dark. His heart climbs into his throat as gravity accelerates him. For a brief second, his dizzy mind imagines a voice shouting his name, before the impact of the water drowns out everything.
It almost seems cruel, but he may not get another chance at this and if he lets it go now John will never let himself fall for it again. It's tempting to at least allow him time to ease in to the idea. However, his incessant wriggling is having an effect he did not forsee, but probably should have. Being mostly unclothed, there is an uncomfortable amount of friction going on.
Maybe the fact that he killed a man to save Sherlock's life on the very first night had something to do with it. But to be fair, Sherlock saved him first.
“Worth it though,” Sherlock said with a coy grin. “It’s not bad. People deliberately do far worse to themselves in the pursuit of satisfying sex.”
Sherlock finished up and tossed the flannel towards the bathroom door. When he looked back at John, he cracked up. “Good God, John. You look utterly exhausted.”
“I can’t…” Rooted in place, his heart beating a mile a minute, John’s body refuses to follow orders. A firm pair of hands grip his shoulders and try to push him on, but he knocks them away, spinning back and ending up face-to-chest with one of Sherlock’s shirt buttons. “I can’t do this,” he hisses, his eyes anchored to that button, clinging to it as though it were a life-preserver. “Move out of the way.”
John is stunned by the revelation. “That’s what all this was for? Whatever happened to ‘I can’t abide loose ends’, Sherlock? You said—”
“They’re your size,” Sherlock explains. “I think they'll look rather fetching. If you don't like the banana-print they have other patterns available. I nearly went for a pair with palm trees and coconuts, if that’s more—”
He picks up the pace, taking a firmer grip and pumping it through his fist. He can feel the flesh growing hotter, blood pulsing through its veins. But after ten minutes of this, he's starting to think a more direct tactic is required if he's ever going to bring Sherlock's catatonic body to orgasm; he's going to have to make proper skin-to-skin contact.
“…Seriously?” John threw him a dubious, but brazen grin. In truth, he hadn’t felt a strong need to touch himself today, despite being surrounded by thousands of people. John supposed that it was such an enormous venue, it made him feel completely insignificant. In some respects this was a safer place for him than a much smaller, much quieter gathering would be.
From the first day they had met, Sherlock had dedicated a not-insubstantial corner of his Mind Palace to the collection and aggregation of every bit of data he could glean about his new friend, John. From the exact fabric composition of his fluffy jumpers, to how often brand new crow’s feet would etch themselves into the lines of his eyes— it seemed the subject of John could never bore him, and more often than not, the man regularly found new ways to surprise him.
John rolled out of the boot first, gripping the lid to stop it raising too far. Sherlock slipped out behind him almost immediately. The car was away from them before he had a chance to shut the lid and hide the evidence of their escape. It would only be seconds before someone would notice it.
“John,” he scolded, “I’m a grown man. If I’m not comfortable doing something, I’ll say so. Now shut up and take off your boxers. That’s an order, Captain.”
He isn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. The noise that erupts could be either. Perhaps John didn’t hear him, or just doesn’t want to acknowledge the hopelessness of it. He leans back in the water and allows his feet to drift up level with his shoulders and hips. John looks briefly alarmed, as if seeing Sherlock as a dead fish floating belly-up in a glass bowl. “You can float like this,” he explains. “Just tilt back. Spread your arms. Natural buoyancy does the rest.”
It isn’t long before a slightly out-of-breath John appears, skidding to a halt when he spots Sherlock waiting for him by the pool. “I’m here, did you find—” The words die on his tongue. He does a double-take, looking Sherlock up and down as if catching a first glimpse at an alien. “What on earth are you wearing?”
“That isn’t why I’m bringing it up now!” Sherlock moves in front of him, gripping him by both shoulders, pinning him with his eyes. John stares at him. He feels on the verge of something. Either hitting him, or… he doesn’t know. Only that it takes all his willpower to keep his arms by his sides and his feet planted firm. “Don’t you see?” Sherlock urges, shaking him. “These were all coping mechanisms. Distractions. How long have you been running from this? How many years? You’re
John looks away. Then a wistful smile comes over his features. His gaze wanders over the town. “No, it’s not that. I love it here. Haven’t been back in years. Mum brought us a few times when we were kids, me and Harry. I’ve got some good memories of this place.”
Sherlock grinned at him, quite satisfied himself by the outcome. “Like I said: All it takes is a little observation, and to pick the moment carefully. I kept an eye on them, John. I wouldn’t have let them discover you.”
He does look tired, John thinks. Not half as tired as John himself feels, but it says something that Sherlock lacks the energy to even fully conceal his fatigue. The dark circles under his eyes add years to his impossibly youthful face, making him look gaunt and harsh under the pale flourescent light in the kitchen. When this is all done, he should find a way to bribe a full night's rest out of him.
They hit the water with a crash. His arms locked around John, Sherlock sinks until his backside touches the tiles at the bottom of the pool, then quickly finds his feet and lifts them both to standing. Only when his head breaks the surface of the water again does he hear the litany of half-crazed curses tumbling out of John’s mouth.
He doesn’t understand. Where is this coming from? “Hey, now. You silly sod, there’s nothing to forgive. None of that matters now. All I care about is you getting better.”
I wrote this to get over a bad bout of writer's block. Have never enjoyed myself more. Thanks for reading!
Now Sherlock was inexorably linked with his desires, and not only physically. Emotionally, he made himself present as the lover who held him close after the moment was over, affectionately stroking his hair and making sure he was okay. This is what they already were; lovers in almost every way that mattered. So really, Sherlock was right to question him; did they need to ‘be’ anything, other than this?
“Shall we move to the bed?” he said in between gasps, and Sherlock nodded, walking him backwards across the room, still cocooned in his embrace. John’s heels contacted the foot of the bed and he lost balance, falling backwards and dragging Sherlock halfway down with him.
’ Under any other circumstance, he might feel oddly proud at the achievement. But any moment now the penny will drop and Sherlock will put two and two together. He braces for the moment Sherlock's sharp eyes will light up with realisation and he'll exclaim, ‘
Soon John was like jelly in his hands, shaking with pleasure, and he thought that Sherlock meant to get him off like this, held up against the wall. Gasping, he mouthed at Sherlock’s skin; a light scrape of teeth, before sealing his lips and sucking red marks along his collarbone.
He feels himself being swallowed by an enormous, yawning void. He used to wonder if this is what death feels like: Descending into the quiet depths, only to float momentarily back to the surface, a piece of cork bobbing in a bathtub as the water drains away. Where it would end up, he didn’t much care at the time. He doesn’t care now either, but for a very different reason: He wants to live.
To his eternal credit, Sherlock doesn’t immediately abandon him to pursue their quarry. John may well have turned tail and fled if he did. Instead he shows remarkable patience, escorting John up to their rooms as if he were helping a sloshed mate wobble home from the local pub. He says nothing as John clutches onto his arm— not even when the ship’s engines roar to life, and John’s fingers tighten into a death-grip around his sleeve.
“Don’t say it,” he bites back, an irrational tingle of fear making his heart speed up. John’s eyes lose some of their drink-soaked warmth.
Holding his breath, he leaned over and gave Greg a precisely measured two-second kiss on the tip of his nose, then pulled away before allowing himself to breathe again. He returned to the group without a word.
John quickly retreated back to his chair. The group watched Sherlock, who gaped for a few seconds, seemingly thrown for a loop.
Not stupid, then; he actually thought John was cleverer than that. Interesting. There seemed to be more value to this game than he’d first thought. He was starting to properly enjoy this. What else could he learn about his friends tonight?
Sherlock's cock is slowly leaking over John’s hand as he pumps him, and John notices his expression is a little tighter now, a slight crease forming between his brow, and his breathing has definitely picked up. It would seem the transport is finally reacting to John’s stimulus, and in return, there’s a low spark of excitement and mounting heat building within John’s balls.
Sherlock’s words were a tickling heat against John’s neck. “We have to loosen the ropes first. Can’t do anything with my hands tied like this.”
enjoying this. Sherlock's face is a picture of unbridled pleasure, his brows drawn tight, the crease between them deepening with each of John's thrusts. His mouth is slack and fallen open, and his wordless moans are coming louder than John has ever heard from any of his lovers. Perhaps, without his conscious mind there to moderate his volume, Sherlock’s body is currently free to produce noise at a level that's a perfectly honest reflection of the pleasure it's feeling- which must be pretty bloody good, given how it's echoing unashamedly throughout the room.
“It’s like if I were to arrange a get-together in 221B for your next birthday without warning you. You’d like that, wouldn’t you? Ten, twenty people crowded in our little flat, laughing and dancing, sticking party hats on you and taking pictures?”
Out of the corner of his eye, John spotted someone turning towards the front of the room where John stood jerking himself. His stomach flipped in horror, his balls drew up tight and he barely held back a cry as he came suddenly into his fist, his free hand clenching tightly onto the material of his jeans as he striped the polished marble floor with ropes of warm cum. In an instant Sherlock was by his side, holding the coat to him protectively, and through watery eyes John saw that he’d blocked the visitor’s line of sight with expert timing.
His hands went to his fly next, unbuttoning, keeping his dark eyes on John all the while. His touch was light and unhurried; it wasn’t as though he was putting on a deliberate show of undressing, nor was it entirely chaste, but John could see the awareness of his audience in each careful motion. This wasn’t a man getting changed for bed in the privacy of his own room. Perhaps he understood that John would want to appreciate this, savour every moment as Sherlock revealed himself for the first time.
“Smugness doesn’t suit you,” Sherlock grumbles, shielding his eyes with his free hand. Those glasses, on the other hand, suit him ridiculously well. They make him look like some kind of movie star, to which Sherlock suddenly feels like his besuited bodyguard.
“I fail to see how this is my problem,” John complains as he’s pouring himself a cup of tea, and he can hear the resulting pout all the way from the living room.
“So, that’s what you meant by special?” John teased, his fingers entwined with Sherlock’s on the seat between them. A smile tugs at the corners of Sherlock’s lips. “And that’s why it took you so long to get the chicken wings?”
But first, they’re going to Menorca. Great. All told, he can think of far worse places Sherlock might have wanted to drag him off to. It’ll be hot this time of year, and God knows he needs to get away from London for a while. It’s been far, far too long since he last went abroad. His complexion is slowly coming to resemble Sherlock’s own pasty white skin from months of perpetually overcast English weather. Even if they’ll be going for casework, there should be enough downtime to relax for a bit and soak up the atmosphere. The more he considers it, the more appealing it becomes. He closes his eyes for a few seconds, visualising sunny days, starlight nights, and somewhere in the middle of it all the pair of them in shorts and sunglasses, chasing a criminal past posh villas and down cobbled roads.
Sherlock wanted nothing more than to reach over and open his skull, peer inside and discover the cause of his uncharacteristic quiescence. But whatever it was, John didn’t want to discuss it. He’d said it, to Sherlock’s annoyance, in no uncertain terms.
Compared to John — or anybody John’s ever met above the age of five, anyway — Sherlock is an indefatigable ball of energy. It’s both the most incredible and frustrating thing about him. In the downtime between cases he can be the laziest sod John’s ever known, but otherwise the man never appears to stop moving, a perpetual motion machine that seems to exert more energy than he remembers to consume. Even now, his hands are a blur as they rifle through piles of clutter and boxes of old case material. John can’t help but admire and even envy the seemingly endless drive and inexhaustible brilliance of his mind.
What terrified him most of all was knowing he would allow it. If Sherlock took it upon himself to make the first move, John would follow unquestioningly, and doesn’t that sound just like him? Except, in this particular area, it went against everything he thought he knew about himself. Finally he had to admit, privately at least, that it is something he might actually want. There’s something there, some spark that he’s expended so much energy to deny in the past. After what they’ve both been through, he doesn’t think he can deny it much longer.
It was a hot day. Too hot for John to realistically bring his coat along with him, but he figured the game would provide enough of a distraction that he wouldn’t need it. The stadium was packed, the roar of the crowds almost deafening. As they made their way down the bleachers to their seats, Sherlock leaned close to John’s ear and spoke.
They stood and made their way to the exit as expediently as possible without making themselves look too suspicious, and soon they were safely sequestered in the back of a taxi heading to the hotel.
Sherlock would never allow this with anybody else, John is certain of it. It’s in moments like this where his human heart can’t help but shine through the veil of his self-ascribed sociopathy. For all his protesting to the contrary, there’s undoubtedly a part of Sherlock that’s capable of putting another person’s wellbeing above his own, and it wasn’t something that developed over months of gradually deepening familiarity between them; it was that way almost from the very start. At the time, John had no idea how out of character it was, but now he recognises it as a unique priviledge. He alone occupies that treasured place in Sherlock’s world, and he has no idea what earned him the rights to be there.
“What I mean is, we both worked hard for this. You’ve earned the right as much as I have to share in the victory of a job well done. I didn’t want you to miss it, that's all.”
“I just…” John’s fingers traced down Sherlock’s shirt buttons, and he shot him a quick, apologetic smile. “If we carry on like that, I’m gonna need some alone time in the bathroom.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, but he’s right— this is distracting him more than he’d like to admit, and the look of disappointment in John’s glare is so sharp that it forces him to avert his eyes. Guilt solidifies beneath his ribs like a stone, weighing his heart down into his stomach. At home, John tolerates his fluctuating moods up to a point; there’s no controlling it when the cases are scarce and ennui begins to set in. But on a case, John has always held him to a higher standard.
Reaching the bottom of the stairs, he barely catches sight of the bald man disappearing through a door labelled ‘Staff Only’. Mindy can’t be too far ahead of him.
Then an announcer came over the loud speakers, accompanied by some music that John vaguely recognised as a romantic ballad he’d heard once on the radio. The voice excitedly warned the crowd to prepare for something called the ‘Kiss Cam’.
Sherlock lifted one laconic shoulder and dropped into his leather chair by the hearth. It seemed the only way he would be able to tease out John’s secrets would be by revealing some of his own. It was a fair trade, he supposed, for such an intimate topic. If John felt backed into a corner, exposed and vulnerable, he was that much less likely to share his thoughts.
To begin, Sherlock picked up one of John’s hands by the wrist and planted it flat against his chest: Test number one. “My heart rate, Doctor.”
coincidence Mycroft needed someone who could identify him quickly and accurately in a crowd. We both agreed his own agents would have been useless.”
“I’m not going in—” They take another step back, and John glances down at their feet in alarm. Sherlock’s heels are dangling off the edge. John’s voice climbs comically high as Sherlock sticks one foot out over the water in an exaggerated gesture. “Sherlock, for Christ’s sake! My phone!”
“What you have failed to take into account, John, is that whilst I may have no personal appreciation for sexual fulfilment, that doesn’t make me immune to ambitions of the heart.” He reaching out to gently hold John's shoulders. “If you think me incapable of loving you in return, then you haven’t been paying close enough attention.”
He looks around. Where there should be a dark head of wet curls trailing along behind him, there is only empty water glistening in the pre-dawn light. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. His heart lurches to the side.
John sat himself on the sofa, faintly stunned. He couldn’t fault the logic. However, Sherlock’s technique left something to be desired. Perhaps it was a side-effect of a life spent investigating crimes, but the arrangement of mis-matched letters on the floor was looking more to him like a grisly ransom note than a cheery greeting.
Sherlock’s fingers gripped his hips like a vice, keeping them steady, something he was glad for; the urge to thrust up into him was beyond his ability to control. “I’m close,” he warned, barely able to form the sounds between dragging heaving lungfuls of air. His balls drew up tight and he felt himself thickening, wedged deep inside Sherlock’s long throat. “If you —
‘Seriously?’ Greg mouthed, and several eyebrows raised quizzically. Sherlock confidently stood, straightened his clothes, combed his fingers through his dark curls and strode briskly over to where John sat, blindfolded and patiently waiting. Then he leaned over, bringing his face very close to John's.
His elbow plows into Sherlock’s ribs, making him release John with a grunt. John’s eyes are wild as he swings again, tripping over himself in a clumsy, water-logged advance. Sherlock moon-hops away from him, chuckling through the pain. “It’s okay, John. It’s shallow here. See? It’s totally safe.”
Greg pulled the scarf from his eyes. “Well I knew it wouldn’t be Mrs Hudson, and there’s nobody else in that direction from where I’m sitting, so…” He shrugged, smiling apologetically. “That round was a bit of a bust. Hang on, I’ve got an idea.”
“Fuck,” John mutters. “It’s not coming back. What are we going to do?” He looks at Sherlock expectantly, eyes bright and focused, awaiting instruction; a familiar, endearing expression, full of trust, so welcome after the frightening look he’d given before when all reason and rational sense had seemed to abandon him. This is the real John, the one who knows wholeheartedly that no matter how deep the waters seem, somehow Sherlock will always find a way back to dry land.
“I was dealing with it just fine on my own. I was actually starting to feel okay here. But you have to control everything. You have to fix everything, even if you don’t know the first thing about what it is you’re trying to fix.” He rubs his brow, trying to massage away his pent-up tension. “it's not that I don't appreciate what you were trying to do. But the way you went about it was… insane! You just made it worse.”
His sentence is abruptly cut off by a pair of plush, painted lips pressed against his own. It takes his brain a few long seconds to catch up to reality. Then her tongue snakes its way into his mouth, and he pulls away with a gasp, clambering to his feet so fast that his chair screeches against the polished floor.
Small waves lap at his cheeks and occasionally spills across his mouth, but his noses remains beyond the water’s reach, and that seems safe enough for John nod his readiness. Sherlock then walks him through a beginner version of the backstroke, arms scooping the water in time with broad scissor-kicks, like those of a frog. It’s simple enough that Sherlock manages it despite the dwindling sensation in his legs. John takes to it with relative ease.
Kissing him, Sherlock discovered, was something altogether more than simple physical contact. It was like tasting the very
John bolts out of his seat, the hairs on the back of his neck prickling with adrenaline. Had he been here the whole time, working in the kitchens? How had John never spotted him? Guilt stabs at him, cold and visceral, to think that it was only pure luck that he looked up in time. Mindy’s disappearance would never have seemed suspicious.
It’s the wrongness of it, probably. The taboo. For John, masturbating in front of hapless onlookers was exciting because from their perspective, it was unwanted. It was gross. It was wrong. And that made him feel
Across an ocean of glass-top tables, John stands chatting with one of the female wait staff. He’s positioned about as far from any sea-view windows as one could manage; a strategy that seems to be serving him well. He looks relaxed, his hands stuffed casually in the pockets of his shorts, much improved from the state Sherlock last saw him in. Then again, maybe his mind is on other things. The buxom young woman he’s caught the attention of is so obviously flirting with him, it makes Sherlock cringe.
The bottle was spun. The group collectively held their breaths until it came to a stop, pointing towards Molly. Her eyes darted around, panic stricken. John jerked his head towards Greg, silently mouthing ‘go on then!’
“It’ll be fine. It’s your fault we’re playing this, and we’re not using one of mine,” John pointed out, sinking back into his armchair. Sherlock pouted into his drink, muttering to himself. He
“Traffic light,” Sherlock replied, leaning forward to mess with the boot lid. He had something slim in his hand; its smooth edge reflected the icy blue of the phone screen as he swivelled it into the lock’s mechanism. A few quick jiggles and the lid popped open, allowing a rush of cold London air into the space and revealing a sliver of damp road beyond.
Afterwards, they were still finding sequins and stars in odd places around the flat for weeks. One night, John noticed Sherlock was staring at him unusually intently— even for him. John lowered his newspaper. “Something on my face?”
Sherlock hesitated for a moment before he started tentatively moving again. John could tell he was trying to avoid it, but there was no room to manoeuvre. Plus, if anything, it was having an even greater effect on him now that they had acknowledged it. That he knew Sherlock was aware that his shimmying was arousing him only made John’s cock twitch in perverted glee.
If he’d hoped for that to abate over time, he sorely underestimated how fascinated Sherlock seems to be about all things
’ was on the tip of John’s tongue, but he swallowed it, his throat suddenly tight. He knew Sherlock was just trying to cheer him up. An offer of chips should not be so endearing, but the idea of Sherlock willingly dropping a loose thread and attending to John’s needs spoke volumes about how much the man cared for him. His curiosity over the subject hadn’t abated, John knew, but he was at least making an effort to move past it. That deserved some sort of a reward.
He almost hoped that was the case; the alternatives for his experience were either experimentation — which, knowing Sherlock’s haphazard ways, would have undoubtedly been risky, not to mention unpleasant for him — or as an exchange, a payment to his dealers during those dark times in his life where his addictions had taken hold.
“Try again and time it with your arms,” Sherlock urges. He has to be patient. Exude confidence. John needs it. But he feels nothing of the sort. A creeping fear is beginning to take root as he watches John struggle without proper instruction, not to mention with a broken nose that is only adding to his stress, relegated to gulping the air with his mouth in a manner that leaves him wheezing and breathless.
He hadn’t actually met anybody asexual before. He knew of it, of course, but textbook definitions were far from an adequate primer when faced with all the complexities and nuance of a real life example.
John shook his head. After a moment, he turned to Sherlock with an almost sad look in his eye. This was clearly something he’d been giving a lot of thought to. “What are we, Sherlock?” he asked quietly.
Re-entering the living room, John can’t help but pity the sight of him. Sherlock’s frown is a portrait of misery, his hands cradling the tender area of his groin, which is tented and straining against the material of his trousers. His eyes meet John’s with the most imploring, puppy-dog expression he can manage.
“You daft git,” John whispered affectionately, “You really think I didn't know? I wouldn’t have sat here and kissed back if it were anyone else.”
“Understatement of the century,” John said, chucking the towel unceremoniously across the room. “Thank you. That was amazing.” He leaned over and planted a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips, lingering there to look into his eyes, and seeing that they looked every bit as lax and satisfied as someone who had just come with him. He idly wondered if emotional orgasms were a thing; if so, he's quite certain Sherlock had just experienced one.
Because God, he’d been an idiot, hadn’t he? How many months had it been since that night at Angelo’s? Their first case together; chasing a serial killer through the streets of London. And John, already so infatuated by Sherlock’s strange charms, unable to contain himself any longer.
“What is it?” he said, studying John’s face. “This isn’t too much for you, is it? We don’t have to go if you don’t want to.”
With a broad smile, Sherlock points him towards a nearby deckchair. A small, innocuous carrier bag sits atop his discarded clothes. John approaches it with the same caution he would display approaching an IED. Sherlock puffs his chest and speaks as a teacher directing his student. “We have approximately one and a half hours. I am going to teach you to swim."
Sherlock half-shrugged. “Kissing isn’t about sex for me, but it’s deeply intimate; it’s enjoyable in that way. I suppose you could equate kissing and cuddling to sex, in my world. It’s the greatest level of pleasure I’m capable of feeling, just not in a way that makes me want to do… you know. Other things.”
Strategies bloom at the forefront of John’s mind as he prepares for a fight; a shove here, a right-hook there, sweep the leg— he’ll go down easy. “Let her past you, and we’ll pretend none of this happened, yeah?”
’ that wouldn’t leave him mortally humiliated for the rest of his life. He eventually settled on a breathless, “Surely they’re loose enough by now?”
“I may have zoned out for a bit,” he admits, earning him a wan look. Sherlock strides into the living room, his keen green-gold eyes flicking about in search of something.
The ladies shared the sofa, leaning forward but relaxed, taking occasional sips from their glasses of Anderson’s red wine. A string of tiny Christmas lights twinkled on the wall over their heads, part of the festive decorations John had hung around the flat while Sherlock, the lazy git, had pretended to be working. Greg and Anderson each had a wooden chair carried in from the kitchen. They looked mildly uncomfortable, but neither would complain; it was either that or they’d sit on the carpet, and who knows what kind of chemical experiments Sherlock had spilled about this place over the years.
“Hm. Maybe in another week or two.” He deflected. He wouldn’t mind having a few of their friends over, but he wanted to get back into a routine himself and see how often he could get John and Rosie to stay with him.
Friday afternoons at the surgery always felt interminable. Everyone was desperate to see a doctor at the last moment before the weekend. After his last patient at 5:30, John wanted nothing more than to collapse on the couch and have takeaway with Sherlock. His empty flat held no comfort and no appeal. The evening was gray and chilly, a nippy wind propelling newspapers and leaves down the street as he picked up Rosie and caught a cab to Baker St. He bustled his way into the hall and Mrs. Hudson rushed out of her flat, gushing over Rosie.
Sliding beneath the covers was like slipping into a hot bath. Involuntarily, I moaned a long sigh of relief, feeling the bone deep chill begin to immediately abate.
He approached slowly, hesitantly, and knocked gently against the wood before easing the door of John’s room open. John was clutching old photo album, slowly turning the pages with a faraway look. Sherlock sat beside him on the bed.
“I needed you already, I just didn’t know it yet. I needed you to come back, to survive, to  give me a reason to stop using and give me a connection, a relationship that was more important than the work or drugs or The Game. I needed you to save me from myself. If you had died--” Sherlock’s voice had become tight with emotion and John turned to him. “John, you have to know how important you are to me, and to many others.” John slipped his hands into Sherlock’s, interlacing their fingers and leaning his forehead into the other man’s chest. He felt Sherlock’s cheek on the top of his head.
“That’s not what I meant…” interrupted Sherlock. “Not that kind of proposal—although it could be construed that way if you’re saying—“
John’s steps thudded on the stairs as he lugged three bulky bags of groceries up to 221B. He arrived at a door slightly ajar and concluded that they had a visitor before he heaved himself through it, nearly tumbling into the sitting room. He had barely caught his breath, irritably wishing that Sherlock would help with the shopping just ONCE,  before looking up to find a very tense conversation taking place. Mycroft Holmes, clad in an impeccable gray suit, sat primly at edge of John’s own chair, across from Sherlock. That, in itself, wasn’t unusual at all, as he visited Baker Street fairly frequently these days. More alarming was the haunted pallor on his flatmate’s face. Sherlock was slumped and staring, looked as if he had just seen a ghost. John nearly dropped the groceries, but managed to set them down on the spot and took a step toward his friend.
“You have a very valid point, Mr. Holmes. I may need to remain within arm’s reach for at least one night. If not more.” The flirtatious smirk slipped from the detective’s face as he whispered,
“Of course, didn’t you?” Sherlock gave him his trademark don’t-be-an-idiot expression, before suddenly morphing into a vulnerable look, stricken with doubt, and he uncharacteristically repeated himself. “Didn’t you?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following weeks were busy. At first, Sherlock was away for days. He was at Sherrinford with his parents and Mycroft by day, staying at their places at night. Their family had so much to work through as the dust settled and they were all anxious to see where the pieces had fallen. The brothers seemed to have reached a new milestone in their relationship and stood together in the wreckage that was their history. They needed each other. Sherlock and John stayed in touch by text, feeling slightly uneasy without the constancy of the other, particularly in this tenuous repair state of their friendship. Finally, John went with him to visit Euros and to walk around the old Holmes homestead. John had no desire to see the sister—the woman who had nearly killed him as well as others whom they cared about. But he wanted to be with Sherlock, to support him, to stand with him as he gazed at the ruin of his childhood home while memories moved like ghosts through the rooms of the detective’s Mind Palace. They talked. Sherlock shared what their family had been brooding and bristling about, how he had been coping and he tentatively shared his hopes of forging a relationship with his sister. John listened and accepted. He would accept everything the detective had to bring to their friendship now. He was done with rejecting and denying and lying. His heart was open. This is what Sherlock had taught him and continued to teach him daily. The physical aspect of what they were, of what they were becoming, was growing easier between them. As they ambled around the island, Sherlock quiet and pensive, lost in his thoughts, he hovered in John’s heat, often brushing a hand or leaning into his shoulder. It felt comfortable, accompanied by a sigh, as if they had always been doing it, or perhaps always should have been doing it. Though they didn’t share the thought aloud, they were both hopeful that they would always do it.
“Thank God, thank god, John. I couldn’t have lost you, too.” John grasped the lapels of his friend’s jacket, vibrating with chills. Later, after the worst of the cold had stopped wracking John’s body, and Euros was safely contained, they both climbed into a helicopter for the brief flight off the island. Sherlock’s shoulders slouched and his eyes were dark and haunted. They buckled into their seats and slipped the headsets over their ears. Sherlock turned away, gazing out the window, his posture defeated. John couldn’t even imagine what he must be going through—learning that so much of your childhood had been a lie. A lie perpetrated by the people you trusted the most. He saw Sherlock covertly wiping his eyes. The doctor reached out and grasped his friend’s hand. Sherlock immediately squeezed his hand in return and shot him a grateful, watery glance. John could feel the detective’s hand trembling in his own. He did not let go for the duration of the flight.
The reconstruction of 221B was progressing, financed by Mycroft and requiring a great deal of somewhat tedious decision making. Before they ever discussed John’s return to Baker St (with Rosie, of course), Sherlock included him in all the decisions, as if they were building a home together. John was there frequently, Rosie in tow, visiting Mrs. Hudson (who adored the child) and helping with clean up and décor decisions. They kept it much the same, recreating what they had Before. Before used to refer to Before The Fall. Now, it was Before Euros. John pondered that and concluded that all relationships must have defining events. Theirs were of a rather unusual nature, but they had forged through them and were building a new life. Sherlock had returned to John’s house during the reconstruction. They continued to share a bed (though without intimacy), share their meals, and share parenting. John was surprised by how good his friend was with Rosie. He truly enjoyed being with her, spending time with her, discovering things with her. Sherlock’s own curiosity about the world was reflected in the baby’s sighs and squeals. He spoke to her like she was a small adult, taught her the physics of rainbows and the biology of bees. Despite themselves, they became fast friends. John hadn’t believed he could grow any fonder of the man, but his heart continued to expand. It seemed to be limitless.
“I’m sorry, John, I’m so sorry,” Sherlock’s voice was thick over the phone. Had John been able to focus, he would have suspected that his friend may be sharing his tears. “Take deep breaths, John. I’m right here. It’s ok,” he repeated. Slowly, John’s hiccupping tears subsided and his heart rate slowed. He was able to talk again.
After they pulled John out of the well that night, Sherlock had quickly pulled him close and locked his arms around him. John was soaked in frigid water and shaking hard. Sherlock was gasping and beyond the capacity for words, but the relief on his face and the strength of his grip told John what he was unable to express. In his friend’s embrace, a warmth began in John's heart and spread. That evening, after things were relatively settled at Sherrinford, they reluctantly parted ways. Sherlock had many things to sort out and resolve with his family. John returned home, exhaustion saturating his very cells and aching to see his little girl. She was fast asleep in her crib when he arrived and after the sitter left, he spent an hour just gazing at her, touching her fine baby hair and drowning in gratitude that he and Sherlock had survived the day. He finally extracted himself from the soft rocking chair, showered and collapsed into his bed, hoping for some deep, dreamless sleep. His final thoughts before he succumbed to the tide of slumber were for Sherlock. He hoped that he and Mycroft were able to get some rest tonight.
“Better?” Sherlock nodded into his pillow. “Good. Just keep telling me what helps. I know that touch isn’t always—“ Sherlock abruptly reached back and wrapped his doctor’s arm around him, pulling his body close and pressing John’s hand against his chest. The detective felt his friend give a small laugh into the dimly lit room.
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice heavy with some unnamed emotion. “I talked to you, too. All the time. I heard you, I even saw you in crowds, on the tube. I thought I might be going mental. Other people thought I might be going mental,” his eyes closed against unbidden and unwanted memories of pain that haunted him still.
“I heard you in your room, when I came down for some water, when I couldn’t sleep myself. When you were napping on the couch. One time on a train. I know nightmares when I see them, Sherlock. I’m kind of an expert.”
“How are you guys doing? You and Mycroft, I mean.” Sherlock stared into his glass pensively, clinking his ice with gentle turns.
“I’m not leaving you and Rosie,“ he rasped into his doctor’s hair. “I told Mycroft to fuck off.” John barked out a slightly giddy laugh at Sherlock’s use of profanity. He used it so infrequently that when he did, it held so much more weight. And if ever there was a perfect time to apply it, this was it. After a moment, he stepped back, sniffing and clearing his face with his sleeve.
“To what?” Sherlocked asked, his voice at an octave that cut through the daytime clatter of the street, a pitch that John felt in his chest.
It had been ten months. Ten months since he and Rosie had returned to Baker Street to live and well over a year since Mary had died. It had all started the day of The Hug. Yes, he thought of it in capital letters. It was a day that they had shattered barriers. An emotional barrier that had kept them apart for too many months, during a time when they had needed each other more than ever. He had needed Sherlock in his grief and Sherlock had needed him for sobriety and stability, and yet, John had denied them both their most basic need. He denied them both what it took to heal them. That day, at his most vulnerable moment, after John confessed his crippling insecurities and his profound shame, Sherlock had tentatively pulled the doctor into his chest. It took a few moments for John to register what was happening before he fell against his friend’s chest, wrapping his arms around his waist and gasping through his sobs. He had so much to grieve—the loss of his wife, the loss of his daughter’s mother, the shame of abusing his best friend, and the months spent in solitude. A self-imposed purgatory. He nearly drowned in regret as he inhaled Sherlock’s scent and leaned against him for support, his legs feeling weak and unreliable. Sherlock kept him afloat, tightening his arms to keep him above the surface.
“You want to get old….with me?” Sherlock’s hushed words sounded so hopeful and his voice sounded so small that John had to turn. He owed his best friend honesty in this conversation, whatever the outcome. The detective’s eyes were wide and he appeared somewhat shell-shocked—just as he had when John had told him that he was his best friend. John didn’t trust himself to speak, but managed a nod accompanied by a nervous,
“John, I know that you’re not—“ he closed his eyes briefly before continuing in a rough voice, “I just want you to know that I’m completely happy with whatever form this arrangement….um, our….relationship takes. While I’m completely amenable, I have absolutely no expectation that you—“ His awkward monologue was cut off as John pulled him down and crushed their lips together. They lingered, settling into the moment, lips moving ever so gently against one another, breathing each other’s air, before pulling apart.
It had been a year. A year of you-drop-her-off-I’ll-pick-her-up, of you-get-the-take-away-I’ll-start-the-bath, of bedtime Bach and dead-of-night-tea, of Saturdays with suspects at NSY and Sundays feeding the ducks. Rosie grew like a time-lapse photo of a plant erupting from its seed reaching, climbing, stretching for the sun. Sherlock never expected to be making growth charts or to be titrating and graphing the exact amount of spinach he could mix into her sweet potatoes before she made the very same face her father makes when he tastes Sherlock’s tea. He never expected to be analyzing crime scene photos on his laptop with a small form curled against his side, warming him from the inside out. After Sherrinford, he had anticipated one of his familiar black moods, everything colorless and crumbling around the edges, hours of scraping his bow into the sounds of his sadness and stalking the city seeking the foulest specimens of humanity to validate his staunch disbelief in everything hopeful and good. But they had moved in straightaway, John coming to him just a week later with hesitant eyes and tentative smiles asking to start anew, to live like family, because he had nothing else, Rosie had nothing else, and he didn’t feel like enough and he didn’t deserve it after everything but he wanted this. He didn’t want the lonely, inconveniently located flat haunted by echoes of an almost-life. John said he wanted the mess and the chaos and comfort of a real-life Baker Street. He wanted companionship and tea. Sherlock said yes. Yes, yes, yes to everything. This was not a frozen-blinking-time-stopped moment because he may not get a third chance. He couldn’t afford a miscommunication, another half-formed thought, another tarmac moment, never-to-be-expressed and always-wondered-about sentiment. Not this time. He expanded within his skin, tingling, pressing outward, pushing his lips up into a grin mirrored on John’s face. And so the black mood never came. For weeks, the days were filled with reconstruction of their flat and their friendship, transformation of the rebuilt structure into a home suitable for a toddler, a detective and his loyal physician blogger.
“It was in university,” he said. “I thought I was in love. Turns out, he was just using me. But for a while it made me happy, and so few things did, back then. So I did everything he asked, to keep him close, because I was terrified of letting it end.”
Pain ricocheting up his spine, John can do little more than struggle weakly in their combined grip. He tries calling for help, but thick fingers close around his throat, cutting off the sound. Just then, an odd chime sounds from somewhere very close.
Sherlock had taken to accompanying John out on public errands such as the weekly shop at Tesco, despite personally hating the chore, in order to keep him out of trouble. It was an unusually kindly gesture from the usually reticent sociopath. At first, John just assumed he’d become an interesting study subject, a fascinating new experiment for Sherlock to explore and observe and pick apart. But it wasn’t like that— Sherlock was actually being nice. He
Sherlock turns back to the window. He peers out at the clouds, pretending to be thoroughly interested in the view. “Installed an app.”
It’s not Mikhail’s voice. To John’s horror, Mindy is the body grappling his back, holding the bag over his head as Mikhail shoves him roughly against the metal handrail. The bar slams into his midriff, knocking the air out of his lungs with a strangled gasp. He swings blindly, grabbing at anything he can, before a knee pummels into his groin and he cries out, his legs collapsing beneath him.
Sherlock’s eyes open, focusing slowly, and whatever expression they contain is unreadable. They look so drained in this light. The sky is brightening, warming the salt breeze in the air, and his eyes look almost grey. The shimmering greens and bright flecks of gold that John has always found fascinating now appear dull and lifeless, like a pair of unpolished gems dirtied by the ravages of the sea. But despite this, something in their depths glows with a warmth he can’t look away from.
John’s face pales. His arms around Sherlock’s neck tighten almost to the point of choking him— so much for keeping him calm. “Don’t let me go,” he begs. “I swear to God. Promise you won’t let go, Sherlock.”
Mid-drink, John spluttered and choked, coughing into the sleeve of his arm. Well, this was a bit sooner than he’d anticipated. But he had. Sooner or later, he knew one of them was bound to be in that chair and the other was bound to be standing over them… But it was just a game, wasn’t it? He wasn’t sure why this suddenly felt like such a big deal. He hadn’t felt weird when it was Greg. Why should this be any different? Because they were flatmates? Best friends?
Instead, Sherlock’s mouth quirked into a lopsided grin. “You just smeared glitter all over your own face.”
“I’ll play,” Sherlock said evenly, not taking his eyes off his glass. Everyone looked at him in shock. The sudden attention startled him enough to look up. “What? These so-called ‘guessing games’ are simple tests of deductive reasoning. I’m clearly going to win every round. Of course I’ll play.”
On his feet, John is rigid and motionless, seething between clenched teeth. Water trickles from his clothes and drips from his fingers, nose, chin. His chest heaves with great, unsteady breaths, and for long minutes, he doesn’t even open his eyes. His whole frame vibrates from the lingering rage and adrenaline that must still be coursing through his blood. His neck pulses with visible pressure.
. Sherlock's lips curled into an impish smile as he gripped the bottle and flicked his wrist. The bottle spun a few times before coming to a stop.
John can’t take it any more. If he listens to much more of this he’s going to start believing it himself, and that’s just not in his nature. Not as a man, and not as a trained, battle-hardened medic. Sherlock may have given up already, but this isn’t over until the last breath leaves his lungs.
Their blood-curdling cries force him out and into the line of fire. He can’t leave his friends behind.
“John, look at me.” Sherlock could think of no other way of getting his message across. When John eventually lifted his chin, Sherlock seized his opportunity, leaning in and letting his eyes fall closed. With some gentle nuzzling to coax the angle, he pressed a soft, lingering kiss to John’s lips, pouring everything he wanted to say into that one, simple touch.
“Sherlock…” Greg gave a long-suffering sigh. “The game is Kiss & Guess, not Get Vaguely Near Them & Guess. It’s a bit against the spirit of the game if you don’t even wait for the kiss part, isn’t it?”
part of the plan. But much like his unruly pinky finger, he was having trouble controlling his mouth, his lips, his tongue. He kissed John again because once hadn’t been enough. Because he’d wanted to kiss him. Because it had felt so… good? No,
“I love you,” Sherlock murmured against the wet of his lips, tasting the air he breathed. “You complete me, John. I want to do the same for you. You’re afraid there’s no way I could enjoy that, but you’re wrong. Nothing would gratify me more than to take you apart and put you back together, inch by inch.”
Sherlock clears his throat. “You should head to bed,” he says, as if he didn’t just witness John spontaneously throw his favourite cup on the floor. “We’re leaving tomorrow morning.”
He’d wanted to win the game, of course. But that was a secondary goal. Much more importantly, he’d seen an opportunity to experience a side of John that he’d always been curious, even yearning to explore for years. That side of him he’d caught a brief glimpse of whenever John brought home a new girlfriend. That softness, that shared warmth between John and his flavour of the week… Witnessing that had a similar effect on him as whenever John watched him play the violin, except it was a little sharper somehow, even painful sometimes, and these feelings came from a part of himself that he didn’t quite understand.
He needs time. Time to sort through the mess of his wounded ego and figure out Sherlock’s honest intentions. He’s in no state to be forgiving anything just yet. And besides… he’s not technically wrong.
To see him now, you would think John expected Sherlock to kill him any second. There is no trust in his eyes, nor even anger. Only pure, primal fear. It's so unlike anything Sherlock has come to associate with him that for a moment his thoughts are frozen in shock, unable to reconcile this pitiful creature with the man he thought he knew. This wasn't supposed to happen. He thought that once they were in the pool, John would realise there was no danger after all and take to it like he does any other task set before him, with courage and determination. More than that, John was supposed to
“Why?” Sherlock paused over him, their chests constricting with every laboured breath. The air had turned humid, a little stifling. John could feel the sweat beading on his forehead.
Sherlock showed John the tickets Mrs Patterson had slipped him earlier in the art gallery. They were seats to the annual Super Bowl game on Sunday. Neither of them were particularly into sports, let alone one so Americano-centric, but they had some time to kill before heading back to London and figured it was better than any other plans they’d had for the evening, and so they decided to go see what all the fuss was about.
He had woken that morning fully convinced of his decision to leave. With his feelings in turmoil, there was no way he could live here any longer. It had seemed that, not only did Sherlock not want to be anything other than his friend, but even if he did, John saw no way they could be together in the way both of them would have wanted.
Before he can reach them, he feels the punch of a sniper’s kiss in his shoulder. Colour bleeds from the scene as his life spills from the wound, and the world turns grey save for the blood painting his arm red all the way down to the very tips of his fingers. It’s more a memory than a dream, until another screaming bullet punctures his chest and stops his heart dead.
ever want John in that way. So how could this — being together, being lovers, or partners, or whatever they’d call it — satisfy either of them in the ways they both needed? How could John be with someone whose touches and pleasures he could never give in return?
“Because it’s killing my wrists,” John said, because that was true, technically. He wasn’t about to admit that what was really concerning him was the reaction happening between his legs. Mercifully, it seemed Sherlock hadn’t yet caught on.
“I mean… Christ, how do I say this without sounding…” He trailed off, unable to find the words. Sherlock waited patiently, knowing his friend all too well. He would eventually say what he wanted to. The struggle was more against saying it in the first place, than not being sure how to word it, and now that he had begun he'd boxed himself into a corner. It was only a matter of giving him time.
That afternoon, they sat down together on the sofa, a variety of craft materials spread out across the coffee table. John felt like a schoolkid again, but his embarassment quickly melted underneath Sherlock’s genuine enthusiasm for the activity. Soon enough, they were both well into it.
Sherlock’s eyes roll in that typical way of his, but he relents when it becomes apparent that John won’t take ‘no’ for an answer. Reluctant sips soon become thirsty gulps as his dried-out senses are reinvigorated. Satisfied, John returns to his silent brooding.
But now, he was struggling to remember how that had ever been possible. Glancing up at Sherlock’s moon-struck profile, his heart twisted beneath his ribs; the man was beautiful. A figure cut from marble, all sharp angles and long, smooth surfaces. John looked at him now and saw him in all the ways that screamed
“Oh?” Sherlock theatrically looked around at the ceiling. “So there are. I wonder if anybody’s watching through them?” And with a coy grin, he prised John’s hand away and left him standing there, his fly undone and his cock out in full view.
“I ‘spose it just seems a bit… unfair,” John continued, apropos of nothing. Sherlock watched him from the corner of his eye.
John slides his cock out with a wet slurp, then repeats the process, wanking the base with his fist in a redoubled effort. He's a little worried that he doesn't know when Sherlock is going to tip over the edge, but he finds he's caring less and less about ending up with a mouth full of semen considering the copious amounts of pre-cum he's currently happily drinking. Sherlock's body is reacting beautifully now. His muscles continually tense and relax, twitching, quivering, and he's making noises John has never heard come out of that mouth before. Utterly unconscious, unmoderated moans, driven only by the forceful push of air as his body contracts whenever John's suction around his cock intensifies.
Bemused, but willing to play along with whatever his friend had in mind, John did as he was told— he slowed to a steady pace, no longer chasing the orgasm that was poised now like a volcano in the pit of his scrotum, waiting to erupt. He wasn’t sure how long he could hold it there, but he was going to try; he was too curious for whatever Sherlock had planned.
“No, you're wrong,” John says, raising a finger. “Whatever you think you’ve figured out, you’re wrong. I just prefer a hotel to a ship, that’s all. End of story.”
“Duly noted,” he chuckles. “And on that note, I don’t think I’m ready for arse-play either. But if you wanted to touch me, anywhere— I would very much enjoy that. Not that you have to.”
He spends the first couple of hours tailing various members of staff back and forth across the ship, noting the most common routes and shortcuts, all the while building his mental map of the environment. John hadn’t been wrong about him drying up in this heat. Most of the ship may be pleasantly air-conditioned, but the open-air decks radiate in the sweltering summer sun. He downs two small bottles of mineral water by the time the first crew rotation occurs, and has to make a brief detour on his way back across the ship for a third. As he stands at a vending machine in the entrance to one of the ship’s many cafés, a familiar voice reaches his ears. He peeks his head inside.
, and statistically I’ll win more rounds sitting here than relying on random chance of being picked as the kisser for someone else.” He drummed his fingers on his knees impatiently. "Are you going to spin it, or shall we just declare me the winner by default?"
“I think you broke me,” John mumbled. Sherlock’s voice sounded rough at the edges. He reached up to stroke his fingers gently along his stubbly jaw. “That didn’t hurt, did it? Sounds like it’ll be sore.”
. John’s brain skips its tracks. Seconds later, a brittle crash at his feet startles him, and he glances down and sees hot, brown liquid pooling around his shoes.
It was weird; they were just friends. John had never done this in front of him— not deliberately, anyway. Not with his permission. And certainly not pressed right up against him like this. But he had to admit, there was an appeal to it. Sherlock was urging him on, but they weren’t lovers, they weren’t intimate— and yet John would he wanking himself off right in front of him. And if Sherlock was okay with that, how could be refuse?
All night, his mood had been plummeting, and now he realised why. And although it scared him, he wanted to understand it. He’d wanted it for so long, it had become almost unbearable.
John slips his arms under Sherlock’s armpits and jostles him in an awkward attempt to rouse him. “Sherlock? Come on, wake up. Say something.”
a perpetual motion machine, and he’s come close to the breaking point a few times over the years since John has known him. There was one night in late August, his first year in Baker Street, when John came home to find Sherlock unconscious on the kitchen floor. There was a broken beaker of some dubious chemical by his feet, and John initially thought he’d poisoned himself by accident. It only became apparent later on that he’d gone such a long time without drinking anything that he’d become dangerously hypoglycemic. Damn fool almost slipped into a coma. John had to watch his eating habits like a babysitter for weeks, and still has to remind him often to eat and drink.
It was okay. Simply being Sherlock’s friend was a privilege greater than John thought he deserved to begin with, and these days he was happy to simply count his blessings, especially after he’d come so close to losing him for good.
Molly Hooper was first to arrive this year, having made entirely too much of an effort to dress up for the occasion. She gave Sherlock an awkward kiss on the cheek when he greeted her at the door, to which he tactfully held his ground and smiled, despite the quiet internal panic her misguided advances always triggered. He sincerely hoped she wouldn’t be getting too drunk tonight.
His strategy was infallible: He would begin by throwing John off-guard, kissing him in the last place he’d ever expect, which of course was the lips. The shock of it would give him just enough room to orchestrate a perfect amalgam of every other attempt he’d observed that night. He would linger there just for a moment — not too short, but not too long — to cast doubt and suspicion over his identity. He would keep the touch light, but tender, and avoid brushing any part of his chin or cheeks, lest John feel a hint of stubble on his skin. His delay said Greg; His breath said Sherlock; His softness said Molly; His careful avoidance said Anderson. Sherlock could be any one of their group in that instant. He was everyone and no one. Most critically, however, he was anybody but his true self.
“I’m not talking about anyone else, I’m talking about you and me.” The words slip out of their own accord, surprising even himself. “Sherlock, don’t you realise you’re my whole bloody world?”
It’s midday by the time they touch down in the outskirts of Mahon. The heat is stifling as they step off the plane, hazy lines rising from the tarmac. Only the slightest breeze caresses Sherlock’s face and whispers through his curls, carrying with it a scent of jasmine and coffee above the unmistakable saltiness of the nearby coast. He breathes it in, feeling a familiar rush of excitement for the adventure that awaits.
“Nearly had us all figured out, didn’t you?” The man’s thin lips pulled into a mocking grin. “So close,” he crooned. “The great Sherlock Holmes, Consulting
It lasts several long, agonising minutes, and Sherlock hadn’t even noticed when John got up from the couch and hurried into the kitchen. Now a glass tumbler is being coaxed into his hands, filled with cool spring water from the fridge.
But pressed together as they were, chest-to-chest, John could clearly feel the thrum of Sherlock’s elevated heartbeat against his own. The man wasn’t impervious to the effects of adrenaline. It matched John’s own heavy pulse, the noise of which hissed in his ears and throbbed in his wrists where the thin rope dug painfully into his skin.
The engine roared to life, sending its vibrations through the chassis. It sunk into John’s bones and rattled his teeth. It was louder here than in the cabin, and a moment later, Sherlock began shifting his shoulders and hips in a serpentine movement. It forced John’s body to rock right along with him.
Was there any truth in those observations? It was merely intuition, but Sherlock found himself at a loss, bereft of further data to expand upon any theory that presented itself. His friend, always such an open book to him, had suddenly closed himself off, as if Sherlock’s gaze could accidentally spark at some brittle part of him and set his entire, fragile inner world ablaze.
The stink of chlorine lingers around long after he washes himself off and changes into a dry set of clothes. It’s making him feel sick again. Or maybe that’s just the humiliation. He curses to himself, that old familiar anxiety crawling its way back up his spine. The tiny room no longer feels so welcoming; the illusion of security is shattered.
“You alright?” John asked against Sherlock’s head, tasting for a moment the thick curls brushing the corner of his mouth. He winced at how the combined weight of himself and Sherlock lying over him was crushing his hands against the upholstery. “Felt you knock your head a bit on the way in. Does it hurt?”
The clunk of a car boot unlocking echoed through the underground level. Two things kept circling in John’s mind: One, that these thugs probably intended to kill them and dump their bodies somewhere they were unlikely to be discovered. And two, how much he wished it didn’t require the excuse of a hostage situation to be this physically close to his flatmate.
It was a horrible, painful memory. All he could do was try to relive it, again and again, in an attempt to alter its meaning into something he chose. Something he wanted.
He avails himself of a cold shower to clear his mind and scrub away the accumulated grime of the morning. The routine wakes him up a bit, bringing a welcome relief that sinks into his skin and loosens his sore muscles. By the time he’s clean and dressed again, he feels steadier on his feet, and the queasy roiling in his stomach has given way to the painful squeeze of hunger. He decides to start his exploration in the dining room. Maybe this won’t be so bad after all. With any luck, Sherlock will be so wrapped up in the adventure that he’ll forget all about the swimming thing.
(“Mindy”) Petrov. Or about his condition, the status of his kidney, his brush with death. Anything. As an issue of priority, the state of John’s hands shouldn’t even rank in the top five by his reckoning.
There was a pause in the conversation as the two men tried to scramble their minds for something to say. It had been hard in the beginning for the both of them, as it was now. John wanted to come back to it. He couldn't keep lying to himself, he hated this mundane life he was living. He missed the danger, he missed the adrenaline, but most of all, he missed Sherlock Holmes. He missed his best friend more than anything.
He leans forward, forcing John to tilt his head up. This is a dangerous game he’s playing. “In fact, you’ve done nothing but run from it since the start, haven’t you?” Sherlock accuses. John’s hands flex. Seemingly oblivious to the fire threatening to engulf him, Sherlock carries on.
But John’s fists remain clenched by his sides. Sherlock swallows around the tightness in his throat and offers the towel in a meek apology. “John, I didn’t mean to—”
, just as long as it happens. John is coming around to the idea that this might actually be an interesting way to do a little experimentation, safe in the knowledge that nobody — not even his flatmate — would ever know.
It was true, too, that Sherlock enjoyed these moments almost as much as he did. Not in a sexual way — as Sherlock had never had that kind of feeling — but he seemed to genuinely enjoy finding ways to keep John happy and entertained, and he didn’t believe in trying to repress or pretend that people weren’t simply
“I think what initially troubled you about the incident last night wasn’t that I didn’t show the same physical response,” he began. “It was more to do with you coming to the realisation that you could no longer keep your feelings for me platonic in the face of what happened.” John averted his eyes briefly, but came right back as Sherlock ploughed on.
Mindy seems more amused by this than anything else. Red-faced and flustered, John tries to hand back her room key. She declines. “The offer’s open. Think it over, Johnny. If you change your mind, just drop the key off with one of the crew. Tell them you found it on the floor, they won’t ask questions.”
Sherlock peers over the edge. “I have a confession to make,” he says, dizzied by a sudden sense of vertigo.
He was in med-school at the time, and his mates there once dared him to spend ten minutes inside of one. He only lasted three before his mind began to turn on itself. In a panic, he begged to be let out, beating his fists on the metal walls, but the gits kept him in there while they had a good laugh at his expense. It was Mike Stamford who eventually unlocked the chamber and pulled him out, his face set with concern. He hadn’t been there, but must have been passing the room and heard the commotion coming from inside.
“Nor would you be here at all, brother mine,” Mycroft replies, shooting him an almost sickly sweet smile. “Indeed, our satellite received the signal transmitted by John’s phone and a relief team was waiting at the dock in Marseille. When it became apparent neither of you were still on-board, a rescue helicopter was sent to scout the vicinity of your last known location. It seems you were pulled out of the water just in time. I think we can call the operation a success overall, don’t you?”
One of Sherlock’s arms hooks over his back and under his armpit, anchoring him securely as his stomach empties itself. His throat burns and hot tears sting his eyes. He closes them to block out the sight of the waves churning twenty feet beneath his suspended head.
John felt Sherlock’s low reply rumble like nightclub bass through both of their chests. “Mm,” he said. “It’ll bruise. It’s fine. What about you, can you breathe well enough? I’d get off if I could, but…”
By the time he reaches the exit, both Mindy and the bald-headed man — Mikhail, presumably — have disappeared from his view. Cursing under his breath, he darts to the end of the hall, ignoring puzzled looks and shoving aside anyone in his path.
As daylight fades, the last scraps of Sherlock’s patience dissolves with it. It only took him one day to get sick of this place, of the people and the constant, pressing noise, music from a dozen sources filtering through every wall and merging into one deep, constant rumble that assaults his ears and constricts his chest with pressure. How do people enjoy this? He can’t even concentrate well enough to think. He needs a moment’s peace or he might just snap at the next cheery-faced drunkard who accidentally bumps into him.
“Don’t I?” Sherlock said. He straightened, looking into John’s hooded eyes. That gave him an idea. “Let’s take a scientific approach then, shall we?”
John lifted another chip to his mouth, his eyes flicking up to catch Sherlock’s across the table. Paused. Looked away, lowering his fork again. Shifted in his seat.
“What?” he croaked. His mouth was watering more than usual. His fingers twitched at his sides, barely resisting a mad urge to reach out and curl around Sherlock’s broad shoulders. Sherlock leaned closer, and for one giddy moment, John thought he was about to kiss him.
That Sherlock himself has no hope of surviving, he feels, is a bygone conclusion. But if John can’t pick up this technique then he won’t make it back, either. That John should die out here like this, facing his worst fears— Sherlock can’t bear the thought of it. Knowing he’s to blame for it makes his heart clench in self-loathing.
His voice catches on a sharp cry that sends a bolt of fear through John’s heart. His body curls on itself, forcing John to stop swimming and tighten his arms around Sherlock’s body, holding him close. Sherlock turns himself around and burrows his face into the crook of John’s neck, stifling another moan. “Please,” he begs. His tense, shortened breaths brush at John’s collarbone. “You don’t want… to watch this… happen.”
They’d been caught out. An unexpected patrol had stumbled upon their hiding spot out of blind, dumb luck. On all other counts, they had been meticulously careful; John’s army training being just as useful in situations like these as Sherlock’s route-finding and planning often was, but the result of their discovery was the same either way: They’d been captured. Their plan to eavesdrop on the clandestine money exchange was scuppered. Sherlock had been so furious with himself as to curse aloud.
John’s eyes narrow, but he digs into his pocket anyway. “Don’t know why I listen to you. You’re a bloody tyrant sometimes.”
John’s blue eyes shine with trust and confidence. “Shall we do it together, then?” He reaches out and takes Sherlock’s hand, his thumb smoothing along the backs of his fingers, warm and loving.
“John!” The relief is so powerful, slamming into him with such force that it wrenches a sob from his throat. Not too late after all. He lifts John as high as he can out of the water, sacrificing his own buoyancy so that John can cough and vomit the saltwater from his lungs.
“If it makes any difference, my brother did not take much in the way of convincing,” Mycroft adds, as if anything he says could possibly absolve him of his part of the blame. “I merely provided an additional incentive.”
He must have heard that same question a hundred times over the past three days. His tongue swipes across his bottom lip. “I wish you wouldn’t keep asking that.”
“It means that I don’t feel things that way,” he said. “It would take a lot more to provoke the same reaction in me than a few minutes of frotting. Mostly, I just find that sort of contact… uncomfortable. You’ve heard of asexuality before, yes?”
“Go on ahead. I’ll grab us something to eat.” And with that, he turned and trotted back up the stairs, soon disappearing into the throng of people pouring in.
“You know, it’s not a bad idea, all this,” he says, thumbing over his shoulder. “In theory it’s a brilliant idea. A whole travelling resort full of luxuries, and then every so often you get to visit a different city and go sightseeing for a few hours. I’d be all for it, if not for the whole ‘sailing across the sea’ bit. It’s a bit like going on holiday in Satan’s private limo.”
“And no hand-tying,” Sherlock hastened to add, to which both Molly and John nodded. “The blindfold should suffice. If someone tries to cheat, we can think up some kind of penalty for it.”
This was uncharted territory. But he had to do something about it, otherwise it was going to drive him mad. He needed to know what it felt like, to kiss John Watson. To be kissed by him. The prospect was both exciting and terrifying, but if he was able to remain separated from it emotionally, perhaps he could examine the results objectively.
Sherlock looks up at him in surprise. His curly hair lay stuck to his forehead in a wild mess. His skin has dried by now, but his soggy trunks still cling to his hips. His expression smooths into a mask of stoicism. “Not until the shifts change again.”
“One of me is rather enough, I think,” he says, his skin warming at the unexpected compliment. With a wave over his shoulder, John disappears into the lower decks, and Sherlock turns back to the view beyond the dock, watching cars moving along distant roads like will’o’wisps in the dark.
John very nearly pouted at being denied, but instead wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and rested his head against the warmth of his chest. Sherlock held him close, nuzzling John’s hair and breathing him in. They sat that way, embraced and holding each other close, until it was time for them to leave.
He took a moment to simply enjoy the sight of the man beneath him. In a strange way, he thought, they’re a perfect match. In John’s mind, Sherlock is a man who derives no physical pleasure at all from seeing John hard, or watching him orgasm. It's merely a strange novelty. In that regard, the detached nature of his observation is akin to that of the strangers who see him in the street.
“Not that I have any qualms about finishing you that way,” he purred, watching John’s twitching features as he steadily jerked him, “but it was a bit dark last time I found myself here. I want to see you this time.” His fist slipped easily over John’s cock thanks to the generous coating of saliva, the sound of wet skin-over-skin friction competing for volume with the mutual sounds of their breathing into each other’s mouths.
“M’fine…” he murmurs, too stubborn to willingly admit that his transport could have this much control over him, to dictate that his mood should be so awful, his energy so drained. Sherlock very rarely gets sick, but when he does, it knocks him completely on his arse. He was right in the middle of a case, the most interesting one he’d had in weeks, and now he can’t even focus his mind on it for more than a few minutes.
John scratched a finger through his eyebrow. “Um… Okay. That didn’t really answer the question, though.” He plodded over to the coffee table for a better look at what his mad friend was up to.
But he’s not the only one who notices it. A slim hand digs into his trousers, and his bemusement sharpens into a stab of fear as he feels his phone lifted away, stealing away his only chance at summoning Sherlock to his aid. “Apparently, we won’t have to wait long,” Mindy remarks. “Someone is tracing his location.”
John’s eyes flew open. “Oh! Shit, I’m sorry Sherlock,” he said, breaking into a breathless giggle as he clambered off the bed to retrieve a towel from the en-suite bathroom. Sherlock gave him a mock glare as John came and sat next to him on the bed, mopping up the mess. “I’m not normally that inconsiderate,” he mused. “I just think my mind was blown for a minute there.”
Kind readers, do let me know if the formatting of this chapter is too annoying, I will change it if it's unpopular. <3
After a full minute of silence — during which Sherlock fails to come up with a response that wouldn’t immediately make things even worse — John backs off, leaning against the rail once more. “So. Did you have any luck?” he tries again, sounding each word as if speaking to a stubborn child. “I take it you’ve had a rough day, Sherlock, but I’m only trying to help.”
