“No, you will not.  You’ve probably never asked anyone to stop in your life,” Tony muttered, chewing at the corner of his mouth.  “Very well.  If it becomes too much, you will say…Vestigus.  God knows, you think his theories are unsound enough that you will not accidentally use that word, I am sure.  Agreed?”
By the time they made the limo, Tony had realized his mistake, but it was too late. Steve was red-faced, eyes wide, looking for the world like Bambi after someone made his mother their dinner. The things the photogs shouted at Tony to try to get a rise out of him for just the right terrible picture were old news, but probably no amount of warning could really have prepared Steve.
something.  Something
“I’m glad you found someone who you can talk to about this stuff.  You should have friends,” Steve went on, looking out the window as Happy merged the car back onto the more heavily-trafficked freeway.
“Steve,” Tony said, quiet, but firm.  He looked down at the cloth held in his hand, then back up at Steve, his face pulled down into a mask of despair. “Do not ask me to take that much from you.”
so much more for you. I should have.  I see that now.  When it is too late, of course.  I let my debt to your father overshadow his failings for far too long.  No, no, don’t,” Jarvis said, holding his palm out when Tony opened his mouth, a protest dying on his lips.  “You know it is true. That is something I must live with, but I can do what I can now to rectify things as best as possible.  Starting with why you are not at all fine, no matter your fancy car and your permit with a name.”
Give them an excuse to make the sordid into a joke, and they were bound to take it.  Tony was master enough at deflection to recognize it when he heard it.   He just wasn’t used to hearing it used for his own benefit.  Spin, sure.  Pepper and whoever the poor saps in SI’s media relations department were did that all the time.
“God, you…you…you’re just…” Tony was saying, staring down at him, and Steve let his head fall back against the bed and closed his eyes.  Ok, so he was probably going to get kicked out and who could blame Tony?  This was hardly the way things were supposed to go.
He stared at the door, willing it to open.  He wasn't sure how long his pissing contest with time went on, but Steve finally poked his head in, looking tired and worn, but smiled wanly in greeting.  Tony rose from the sofa and smiled back, walking over to where Steve was setting down the shield and removing his gloves.  He turned when Tony approached, and reached out to pull him close, holding Tony tight against his chest.  Tony felt the faint brush of lips across the top of his head, and let himself relax into the embrace, breathing in the warm air that clouded between them, and for the first time in memory, felt utterly free.
“Pricey stuff, here, Cap.  A tad above military-grade Kevlar, after all.  Not to mention, I’m kind of partial to it. Sentimental reasons, you know,” Tony continued, voice seeming to follow his hands, gentling and soothing, as he pulled Steve’s arms down to his sides, where they hung limp and useless.
Tony was pretty sure they didn’t have the first fucking clue what they were talking about.  But, Steve wasn’t going to die, so there was that.  Tony had decided that, back on the jet, mainly because he had been incapable of dealing with any alternative.
“I’ll just…ah, stand over here, if that’s alright?” Tony stuttered, moving to one side of the room while the agents went towards the conference table and started tapping into flat keyboards that were built into the edges.
The hand on the back of Tony’s neck clenched reflexively, and his whole body jerked.  His back bowed, the muscles stretched taut as he came with shout, Steve’s hand pumping his cock through the stuttering motions of his hips as his climax washed over him.  Steve’s thrusts had slowed, Tony noticed, when he managed to come back to himself enough to notice anything that wasn’t what was happening to his cock.  Slow, deep thrusts, all the way out until the head of Steve’s cock caught on the rim of Tony’s hole and then back in again until Steve’s balls slapped against the wet skin of Tony’s ass with a sloppy sound.
“Thanks, Pep,” Tony said, reaching up to squeeze her hand before he grabbed one of the workcloths and wiped his hands on it, pushing himself away from the workstation with as much ambivalence as he could muster. “How do I look?” he asked, gesturing up and down. “Like five million bucks?”
“How?” Steve asked.
“I do,” Natasha said.  “I think you’d like him, too.”
you is okay,” Steve said, throat bobbing around the words.  “One of them, he helped you.  Saved you.  When I couldn’t.  How can I sit here and tell you not to try to do the same for them if you can?”
“That is the entire story, then?” Thor asked, forehead crinkling in confusion before he caught Captain Rhodes’ look. “No, no, that is a most exhilarating tale!” Thor insisted quickly, grinning broadly.  “The capture of an enemy’s honored symbol.  The insult of placing it on the ground at his feet.  Yes, I can see how this would regale many a feast.  Very well done, Sir James!”
“I knew that was going to come up,” Steve sighed in exasperated acceptance, while Tony snorted out a huff of laughter against his chest, sending prickles of gooseflesh up and down his arms.
I want you to stay with me, Tony thought, looking over at Steve as Happy angled the limo up to the valet curb in front of their hotel.  I want you to love me for real, not just this whole charade thing we’re doing.
Later, he would blame terrible decision-making skills on that ebullient, overwhelming surge of feeling, but in the moment, he didn’t think at all, just grabbed onto the current of feeling running through him and let himself get carried away.
Steve remembered mentioning to Tony that he wanted to try painting, something far too expensive and impractical for a soldier.  That night, in the garden, with the smell of lilies scenting the air around him, he had said he wished to paint Tony one day, and Tony had smiled and told him there were enough portraits of him in the world, but if Steve wished it, he would sit for him.
Not completely terrible, Tony settled on instead.  How was he supposed to resist seeing what happens next?  Human nature…we see something that could kill us and want to poke it with a stick.  Typical.
Steve looked up at him, uncomprehendingly.  The King’s mouth quirked a little at the corners, and then he pushed more firmly against Steve’s knee, prying his legs apart, following the motion by shifting on the bed to move between them, even as he pressed Steve’s knee up and out, so it jutted out next to his chest, then repeated the motion with the other, until Steve was spread out before him, completely exposed.
It was horrible.   He put a car battery in me, Steve.  He saved my life, but there was a fucking car battery in me, and I thought maybe they’d take it away, if I didn’t do what they wanted.   It was terrible and awful and all the words he didn’t want to say, and there was a gaping hole of wrongness in his chest, which sort of made sense, didn’t it, Tony getting his heart scraped out and a desperate replacement cobbled together from bits of karma and failure.
This happened to be one of those rare occasions when Steve’s input was not only requested, but desperately needed because Tony was ordering pizza, or, rather, ordering JARVIS to order pizza, and if left to his own devices, there was no telling what they’d end up with.  The pineapple debacle was still too fresh in his mind.
He also wanted to stop by R&D and ask about tours of Caltech. There had to be something there that would interest Tony.  He could make it part of Tony’s birthday celebration.  Maybe the Observatory and then a tour or something.  Had to be something there Tony would like.
“He likes that.  When you touch him.  That way, he knows you like him,” Helicarrier Steve said.
“I’d never try to take the kids from you in the divorce,” Steve remarked evenly, earning a sharp bark of laughter from Tony.  Steve found himself smiling in return, the rush of warmth at the banter coming so swiftly and easily that it startled him, the way his mind recognized it almost at a distance, some foreign, unfamiliar interloper that needed to be studied.
“In real life, butterflies have these sort of grotesquely distorted bodies, spindly legs, that kind of thing.  They’re insects, after all.  But, we use them to depict this idealized version of beauty, divorced from the reality,” Steve said, recalling the intricate, kaleidoscope works Hirst did with only the butterflies’ wings.  He glanced down at the water, rippling his hands over the top while the tiled butterflies seemed to move along the bottom of the pool. “I guess...it’s about seeing what we want to see and ignoring the parts we don’t like.”  He frowned.
“Fine by me,” Steve responded, shrugging.  He waited next to the first marker while Tony got their tickets and clubs, plus two neon golf balls, one bright yellow and one blue.
“How about we get you to bed?  You’re freezing,” Steve said, instead of actually answering.  Tony frowned at that.  Steve usually answered him, at least when Tony asked a direct question.  He wasn’t exactly the kind to dissemble, but Tony supposed there were probably rules about what Steve could and couldn’t talk to him about, at least regarding his work for SHIELD.  It bothered him anyway, rationalizations be damned.  Tony privately thought that part of Steve’s ability to tell the truth all the time came from simply not talking about shit he didn’t want to tell the truth about.
He ran a finger over the rough ends of the rolls of parchment looping through his pack in large, tanned whorls. Tony’s early letters were so filled with news, questions and plans that the words almost seemed to burst from the pages as if imbued with a life all their own. Steve knew his replies had probably been disappointingly stilted, but it was still far easier for him to read than write. He had tried, though, telling Tony in careful, simple words about the things he saw that he thought might be of interest to Tony. A mill that was running again, grinding grain along one of the river’s tributaries, the arched stone bridge that had somehow survived what looked like no less than three attempts to blast it to pieces, the remains of what had once been a trebuchet turned into parts of a new fence around a shepherd’s flock.
“That evil had to be stopped,” Steve said mildly, smiling across the table at Tony in a warm, gentle way that made Tony’s stomach go liquid and started a fluttering in his chest.
“Sure, Tony,” Steve said without looking at him.  “If that’s—sure.  That’s fine.  It’s--I’ll see you there.”  He picked up the shield and walked back over to Fury and Natasha, who had their little spy heads tucked together, probably trading world domination strategies and Pinterest favorites.  Tony saw Natasha give Steve a sharp, questioning look, but he couldn’t hear what Steve said in response.  Natasha shot him a glare though, so he assumed whatever Steve had said had clued her in to how much of a fuck-up he was.  He snapped the faceplate down and took to the air, heading back to the Tower before anyone could reinforce just how much he’d messed things up.
Tony brushed past him without a word and opened the door to the limo.  He stopped, with one hand braced on the door and the other gripping the edge of the limo’s roof, back to Steve.  “Why are you here, Steve?” he asked, voice coming out resigned and heavy with an odd sadness.  Steve didn’t know what to make of that, but it was something.
“You’re kind of devious when you want to be, you know that, right?” Tony asked, walking over to stand by Steve.
Stepping inside, Tony turned on the lights and took a few steps into the middle of the room, where someone had once parked a diesel truck of some kind that had leaked fuel and oil onto the old floor. That had been a bitch to get out.
“And if you don’t…” Tony repeated, eyes narrowing, mouth working around the words as if he was chewing on them.
Maybe after they got home, they could celebrate.  Invite Bucky, Nat, Sam, and the gang.  How long had it been since he had seen them? Steve wasn’t sure. A while.  Things just never seemed to work out with getting together, and then it was awkward with Sam because Steve tapped out of the jobs Sam got him, and then it was even worse with Bucky because he and Brock had their issues.  Once he had the money, though, Bucky could see how good things could be without that always hanging over him and Brock.
“I don’t want you to
“Something wrong?” Steve asked with a frown.
Okay, so, that was…well, shocking didn’t really begin to cover it.  Sure, Steve knew what he looked like now, and he knew Tony liked beautiful people and certainly enjoyed sex, but…hell, one of those Steves kept having to let Tony’s cock out of his mouth because he kept having to cough, for Christ’s sake.  Who fantasized about that?
“I’ve been a target my whole life, as you can attest, since you fucking rescued me, don’t give me that bullshit line,” Tony shot back.
Steve looked at him askance, another one of his frowns blooming, then suddenly, he smiled wide, eyes dancing in the firelight.  “Bad men. No Tony,” Steve said again, grinning this time, almost sing-songing the words.  He looked years younger like that, Tony noticed with a shock of surprise. Steve dipped his head down and nuzzled at Tony’s neck, kissing and sucking his way down to the divot at the base of Tony’s throat.  “Bad me, no Tony,” Steve growled, the words reverberating into Tony’s skin.
“Merry Christmas to you, too.  It’s so good to see you, Tony.  It’s been way too long since our last visit.  Come on, have a seat,” Peggy encouraged.  “Here, sit by Ana.  Budge over a bit.  There you go. So,” she said in a high, bright voice, casting a look around and landing on Jarvis with a wide-eyed, pointed glare.
“Stark! Well, well, well, isn’t that the sight,” Hammer called out.  “Still taking home my leftovers, I see!”
Tony’s stomach dropped.  He couldn’t swallow.  He couldn’t do anything.
“I—I intended to thank you,” Steve said, then realized he had slurred the words into a nice jumble of sounds.  “I wanted to thank you. For the tunic.”
Steve stared at him.  Tony. Right here, in the flesh, alive, whole, and—and
“What?” Tony asked with a bit of surprise.
Steve’s head jerked up from his notecard as Tony entered the room from the balcony, drawing Steve from his reverie.  Tony was mid-conversation on his phone, something about stock prices and a lockout, which didn’t sound good, nor did his clipped tone, though he just shrugged in Steve’s direction and shook his head, mouth flattening and eyes rolling dramatically.
way.”
.  For a little while, he could be Steve Rogers again and stop being whoever it was he was slowly becoming.  Whatever it was with Stark, that, and Steve’s own innate stubbornness kept him here this long, when all good sense said to get the hell out.
“Um-hmmm,” Tony hummed, pushing himself up to meet Steve’s advance.  “I like that you remember that even when we’re not naked.  Points for you!”
“I’m hungry,” Tony said.  “I thought he liked me.”
After calling in to take the day off work on Monday, figuring, rightly as it turned out, that it wasn’t like anyone was going to say anything to him about it, Steve decided to go ahead in the next day.  It wasn’t like he had anything else to occupy his time, and at least doing the painting gave him something to keep his thoughts from obsessing over Tony’s whereabouts and what he wanted to tell him when Tony finally surfaced.
Tony picked up a wrench and tapped it against the desk with a muted clang, for no particular reason other than that he didn’t want to face Jarvis’s too-knowing look.  He twisted his head around to glance of at Jarvis, then dropped his eyes back to the workstation.
“Fine,” Tony muttered in agreement. Technically, Bruce hadn’t specified how big a heart.
“Hey, you,” Steve said softly in reply as he looked down at his plate full of food and quickly wiped what he was fairly certain was the remains of an impressive milk moustache off his face, feeling embarrassment start to creep up his neck.  Just once, he’d like Tony to find him doing something amazingly cool or refined instead of halfway between pathetic and ridiculous.
“Thanos,” Steve said, straightening up. “Thanos is coming. The stones, he—”
“You know how when your foot falls asleep, you don’t really feel it until you start moving it around?” Steve asked.  He took a drink of the beer, and Tony watched him as he tilted his head back and swallowed, seemingly in no hurry for Tony’s answer.  “I’m exhausted.  Today.  Dealing with you.”
“Your stomach speaks for your mind far too often,” Steve shot back with a low chuckle and shake of his head as Cam dug into the bounty before them.
“I'd love to meet them one day. If you wanted me to, but, I mean, not that you have to, I understand if you don't want me to—like when I draw something, I don't usually like to show it until its ready, and sometimes its never ready, so I completely—ah, I'm—are you okay?” Steve asked, smile fading to a concerned frown as his words slowed down because Tony had gone very still.
“Don’t screw this up, Tony.  I mean it.  You want to play it that way, we can, but I don’t think you’ll like how that works out for you,” Howard said, the steel back in his voice.  Ah, there he was, Tony thought.  Better.  He could handle a lot, but pity from the man selling him for an Alpha’s good graces was not something he could deal with at the moment.  “Let’s go.”
“We’re not seven anymore, Buck,” Steve pointed out.
Steve looked over at Mitchell and the rest of them sitting around the table, then back at Brock.  I don’t even like these people, Steve thought with absolute clarity.
“So you…” Tony started, groping for the string of conversation.  “You, ah…illegal concessions, fights…bit of a rabble-rouser in your misspent youth, huh?”
Microrobots, like the one in Steve's ring, are a real thing!  MIT is very involved in this and I took the particular design of the microrobot from the design described in an article about a MIT professors work with microrobotics.
“I know what anyone would say about it, and I reckon some part of me will be saying those things to myself no matter what,” Steve admitted, “but I don’t regret it, Shellhead, I don’t.  It was—God, it was better than I ever could have imagined. No wonder the Church doesn’t want you to do that. You’d never think of anything else, would ya?” Steve did let a grin slip out at that thought.
Steve stopped in front of a door where someone had written 4B in the center using what looked like a black sharpie.  There was a blue carpet mat outside the door, and Tony’s mind flashed to the truly obnoxious welcome mat Steve had gotten for their crappy Boston apartment, with its picture of a cheerful beaver gnawing on a branch proclaiming “I’ve got beaver fever,” which Steve had found hysterical because the MIT mascot was, of course, nature’s industrious engineer.  He’d gotten it from the campus store, probably spent half their grocery budget on the damn thing, then been caught between giggles and red-faced embarrassment over it.  Honestly, sometimes, the guy had the sense of humor of a 12-year old.  Tony had complained and mocked and threatened and secretly loved everything about it, he remembered, absently twisting the Brass Rat that signified an MIT grad on his finger.
“Peran, you can’t just—” the smaller one started.
Steve shook his head.  The world was a strange place.  Far stranger than he had ever imagined.  Sam often said Redwing told him something, though Steve just always assumed that was because of his understanding of the bird’s squawks and mannerisms.  He wondered what Sam would think of a bird that actually spoke. The same bittersweet longing as he felt the night before washed through him, but he pushed it aside and reached out for Tony.  They only had this time together. He wasn’t going to waste it by thinking of things he could not have.
“This is going to feel really strange, so just relax for a minute,” Tony coaxed, then slowly pulled out.
“No kidding?  Aw, hey, Stark, come on.  We kid, right?  We’re kidders.  Go way back.  Tony loves me,” Hammer prattled on.
For some reason, Steve felt like he’d done something wrong, though he wasn’t sure what.
Steve was a healthy, adult Alpha.  What did Tony really expect?  Celibacy? No.  No, but…if he was honest, he hadn’t expected Steve to take his suggestion as some kind of time-challenge event.  Didn’t take him long to find someone he enjoyed enough to feel badly about poor Tony, stuck at home with his robots and his numbers, Tony thought with an inward snort of derision.  He flexed his fingers over the curve of the wheel and stared steadfastly ahead.  The car was great.  He loved it. He did.   It was great.
“It’s beautiful,” Steve said, since it seemed like that was what he was supposed to say.
Howard opened his mouth to say something, then thought better of it, and closed it again, his lips flattening into a thin line.  His eyes were hard, dark, and Tony knew his father knew he was right, but wouldn’t say it.  Couldn’t say it.  Couldn’t give Tony even that much because he saw it as taking something away from him, like there was some kind of ledger that subtracted from Howard every time Tony excelled.
“Didn’t say anything about weapons, did I? I just figured you might want to rethink your stance on providing some technical support to our agency,” Fury suggested evenly.  “He could use a new uniform, to begin with.  One a little less propaganda and a little more spy.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said after a long moment.
Brock huffed out a laugh, then quieted.  “Well, I’ve kinda gotten used to having you around, Cap,” he said, his voice warm around the old nickname.  “Besides, what would you do without me? You were like some lost puppy after the Army.  Good Christ, they did a number on you, and then it’s see-ya! Don’t let the door hit your messed-up ass on the way out, am I right?” he paused, sucking in a breath.
That 1000% happened.  It’s Steve’s hoodie.  Tony likes how it smells, and there is just something soothing about being surrounded by something of Steve’s like that.  He’s self-conscious about the glasses, but all the reading was giving him a headache.  Steve LOVES the glasses.  He remembers not being able to see well and struggling to read, but not being able to afford glasses, and thinks Tony looks so dapper in them.  He keeps pushing them back up when they slip down the bridge of Tony’s nose, until Tony gives him a long-suffering look that makes Steve grin.  Steve offers to help Tony study, but Tony gets too wound up and snappish with anxiety when Steve tries, so Steve ends up just rubbing Tony’s shoulders and neck while he studies, making sure he eats, and carrying him to bed when he inevitably passes out.  Tony aces everything, of course he does, and they plan to celebrate with a big dinner out when finals are over, but Tony’s just exhausted, so they end up spending the whole weekend on the sofa watching what Tony tells Steve is “reality TV” though it looks nothing like reality to Steve, eating junk food (God, it’s so annoying how much Steve can eat and still look like that, ugh, Tony thinks, while the hump of his stomach gurgles at him).
Anto looked at him in confusion for a moment.  Maybe the Others had to express gratitude to a healer.  With Clan, it was simply what he did, and Brun knapped flint and Erga grew herbs and Jhrvis was mog-ur.  No one would think to say thank you for doing what it was that you were born to do, the only thing you
Shellhead cocked his head at him, his face going thoughtful for a moment while he watched Steve eat and used his powerful tentacles to push the boat along.   The crab was actually pretty tasty, Steve could admit. He shoved another bite of the sweet, tender meat into his mouth, and grinned at Shellhead as he wiped the juice from his chin.  Shellhead rolled his eyes, but looked back at Steve, his face soft and pleased, like watching Steve eat was some kind of thrill. Steve told him about Scott, about how he had gotten caught breaking in to some fancy house uptown and been offered the choice of prison or the Army and decided to “volunteer” for the Army,  a choice he had lamented quite often.
He couldn’t remember his dreams, but woke up hard.  He ignored it and let the cold water of the shower hit him while he mentally recited the Military Code of Ethics, not failing to miss the irony there.
Tony popped the pill into his mouth and cupped his hand under the faucet to chase it down with a swallow of water before the devil on his shoulder started playing his favorite tune.
Steve reached up and lifted Tony’s head up, placing the necklace around Tony’s neck and settling the teeth down in the center of Tony’s chest with a slight pat.  Tony reached up and picked them up, testing their weight and rubbing his finger along the carvings.  He lifted his eyes to Steve, who was watching him thoughtfully.
“So I’ve been told,” Steve agreed.  There was a smile playing on his lips when he looked down at Tony.  “I have to go.”  He sounded less than thrilled at the idea, which was something, Tony supposed.  It was getting loud.  There were suddenly way too many people here.  He wanted to be…well, not here.  Someplace with Steve, preferably, but he’d take just being away from here.
“Yeah, I remember,” Tony said, his voice sounding slightly strained.  “My Dad…he, uh…he had those.”  And suddenly, Tony was turning and jabbing the elevator button in a swift motion, not looking at Steve anymore.  Steve waited for more explanation that wasn’t forthcoming.  Howard was a sore subject, so he wasn’t about to pursue it, but Tony only rarely mentioned him at all, and there was something strange about the way he reacted to it.  The elevator, ever efficient, pinged open and Tony disappeared without another word.  Steve frowned, a bit confused.
worked.  When it mattered. You’d like them,” Steve said, almost as an afterthought.  As soon as he said it, though, he knew it was true, as wrong as such a thought should be.
“Yeah, that’d be—ah, let me just.  I’m going to—“ Tony stammered, hooking a hand behind his head and twisting around to look back into the open garage, where the Audi glinted in the sun.  “I’m—the—ah.  My mug. I’m going to grab it.  It--my coffee mug.  Because, I like it.  The mug.  The one you brought me?  It’s in the garage, so I’ll just...I’ve been using it.  The car, too.  Wait.  No.”
Still...Steve’s mind whirled. It was odd, wasn’t it? Him and the man, both out here this time of night.  Maybe the man thought he was the odd one, Steve figured.  It made a lot more sense for a grown-up to be out at night, didn’t it?  Hadn’t the man said that? He had, and that--that made sense, it was just…something.  Something that raised the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck.
Maria stared at her for a moment, then dropped her eyes to the floor and gave a jerky nod.  Stane curled his mouth, lifted his eyebrows high and nodded his acquiescence, as well.
“I knew I liked Stan,” Tony remarked with a huff of a laugh, looking up at Steve, who was hovering between the sofa and the door, like he wasn’t quite ready to go.  He stood up and walked the few steps to his small kitchen, before lifting his gaze back to Steve.  Watching Steve walk out was not high on the list of images he liked to have, but, well. Woo.  Slow.  All that jazz.  “Goodnight, Steve.”
“I can’t even say I wish that I could,” Tony told him, voice breaking a bit as he tried, tried, to explain it, when it was all too much to put in words.  “I don’t.  I’m a selfish bastard, and I want this more than I’ve ever wanted anything.  You…this…it’s pure.  And true. And right, so fucking right, and nothing else in my life has ever been those things, Steve, and I can’t, I just can’t, and so help me God, and if anyone so much as tries to undo this somehow, I will lay waste to them, Steve, don’t think I won’t, so it would really be a service to mankind if you would just, by all that is Holy and good, never, ever speak of options again, because God-damn it, now I’ve called the armor.  JARVIS!  Please override that thing before it knocks down the door and, I don’t know, hugs Steve until he sees reason,” Tony called out, throwing his hands in the air in frustration.
Steve blinked awake, then reached up to wipe the sleep from his eyes.  He didn’t quite want to wake up fully just yet. He was far too warm and contented as he was.  During the night, he had somehow migrated virtually on top of Tony, using Tony’s chest as a pillow, and now, he could feel the steady rise and fall of Tony’s breaths underneath his cheek and hand and the comforting thump of Tony’s heartbeat.
“Yeah?” Cam asked, lifting his eyes to Steve’s.
“Play it out,” Steve repeated again, slower this time.
“Come,” the King commanded, turning on his heels and walking towards the other room with quick steps, leaving Steve no choice but to follow.  His legs protested when he stood, but he ignored it.  The King was pouring himself a cup of wine from a pitcher on one of the tables when Steve entered the room.  He glanced up, mouth flattening a bit when his gaze landed on Steve, before bringing the cup to his lips and swallowing deeply.
“Cam,” Steve called out, making the boy stop as he pulled open the door.  Steve sighed and grimaced. “Tell him that I miss him. Tell him that I look forward to his return,” he finished with a rueful smile.
Maybe it was his own issues with food, or the lack thereof, but it had always been a source of comfort, even when he was past the gnawing hunger of his childhood, knowing that there was food readily available.  Sam had teased Steve, once, before Bucky put a stop to it, for saving bits of his rations in the pouches on his belt like a crow with its cache, but it had made Steve feel better to know they were there.   This had that same feeling of comfort.  Certainty. Security. Tony’s touch. Tony’s care and attention. Wonder at what the next bite would be. Delight at the flavors as he chewed. He was so concentrated on eating, he realized after a while that he hadn’t thought of the ache in his cock or the pain from his bottom for a long time.  When he did, he found the sensations were still there, still strong and insistent, but not like they were before, and as soon as Tony placed the next bite in his mouth, it was easy to let his mind slip into thinking of that instead.
“I’m pretty sure Stark tech saved our assess a time or two, so if he wants to sit around and smoke cigars with the General, I guess he’s entitled,” Steve countered easily enough, though he did remember, quite well, actually, not that he was going to mention that to Brock.  “He brought those anti-IED drones. Tons of medicine and supplies for the local hospitals, too.”
Thanks so much for reading along!  You can find me on tumblr, twitter and dreamwidth as sabrecmc.
“You two,” Barnes said, nodding at the two men—well, boys, Tony corrected.  God, they barely looked old enough to be out of one of his classes.
“Tell me what you want,” Tony demanded as he pushed his fingers deep again.
“Jesus,
“That, as a rule, whatever came out of your body, you got to call it whatever you want,” Tony recited. Admittedly, this was an annoyingly fair rule, but he just really liked the sound of Steve’s name, and there was already the Steve Zone practically established. He just needed a few visual aids, maybe a PowerPoint…definitely a memo of some kind. Everyone really seemed to respond really well to those.
“Oops,” Tony said, then grinned, feeling a surge of wild, ferocious possessiveness. This man, this power, this strength, belonged to him, and him alone.  He grasped the sides of Steve’s face and pulled his mouth down for a kiss, tightening his legs around Steve’s waist as he did.
“Just a little… personal safety device you could say. Like a taser, but with more… me,” Tony replied with a light shrug, then smiled up at Steve.  “Now.  About that coffee…”
“Clearly,” Tony said, then cleared his throat. “So.”
“We were in the neighborhood,” Bucky replied with a low shrug.
“You don’t want the plans now?  The super-important plans that you and my Godmother needed so badly that you were ready to Macgyver my dad’s safe and bust out of here? Those plans.  You do remember those plans, right? From like two minutes ago,” Tony prodded.
“Think of us like the military, but meaner and with better lawyers,” she finished.
“And you—you carried this shield?  How come you got to fight with it?” Cam asked, tilting his head to the side with a little frown.
The thought pounded through his head.  They needed to know that Tony was his. It was important, though Steve couldn’t say why, exactly, or even who they were—everyone, he supposed--but the thought itched under his skin, making the back of his heck crawl with unease.  He patted at his pockets and for a moment, considered one of his medals, then remembered he did have something he could use, at least until he got Tony a proper ring. He opened the collar of his jacket, watching Tony’s eyes go momentarily wide as Steve dug his dog tags out from under his shirt.
“Bath now, how about it?” Steve asked.  “Then food and bed.”
“To be fair, Steve would tell you me being a dick isn’t really that much of a stretch,” Barnes admitted, mouth twisting into the ghost of a smile.  “He did used to paint.  Was really good at it, too. Always made him happy, you know? I don’t know.  Hell, I saw them by the dumpster, and…he shouldn’t be here.  Not him,” Barnes husked out in a soft, brittle voice.  “He’s not…this isn’t supposed to be his life, you know? Not Steve. But, he’s too damned stubborn and good to just peace the fuck out like a normal person,” Barnes said, tossing his hand in the air with a snort of frustration.  “No, he’s going to stay until, I don’t know, forever—where I’m whatever definition of fixed enough is in his head—and meanwhile, his life,” Barnes stopped, swallowed and drew in a shaky breath.  “This isn’t supposed to be his life.”
Steve nodded, a protest dying on his lips as he remembered his vow.  They only had this time. He was going to make it count, as best he could.
“My King,” Steve said formally, bowing his head slightly as he came to a halt in front of Tony.
“No,” Steve replied, leaving it at that.  He’d learned from experience that Tony didn’t really want to talk about Bucky, at least not finding Bucky and what that might mean going forward.  He couldn’t blame Tony for that.  He’d told him his…concerns…about what Zola had shown them.  Tony had dug far enough into the files Natasha uploaded to the Internet to figure out the rest.  He really had no idea how he was going to choose and wondered again when his mind had decided to set that up as a choice when there really wasn’t anything to choose between.  It was really easier that way, he told himself.
“I think that’s enough war stories for tonight, David,” Charles announced.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said again.
“It—I—it could be inappropriate.  Don’t you think? With the—with the bathing thing?”  Tony tried.
“Anyone ever told you that your cuddling talk sucks?” Tony asked, then sighed.  “Yeah. Yeah, that’s--not surprising.”
“They just say that stuff about you because they don’t really know you,” Steve said with such easy assurance it almost made it believable.
The rest of the day and the few days after that passed uneventfully enough, though the animals seemed a bit on edge to his way of thinking, and once, in the night, Steve woke up to deep peals of what he told himself was thunder coming down from the mountain, though there were no storm clouds to be seen.  In fact, the star-filled sky was clear, the moon high and full, and for a moment, just before he drifted off, he thought the moon was in his room, and its light was as blue as the daytime sky.
This. This was what it was like with Stark, Steve thought.  Like getting whiplash while being caught staring into the sun.  Steve was alternately confused, elated and annoyed or some mix of all of those emotions, like one of those whack-a-mole games at the boardwalk where he hadn’t been fast enough to hit the target before it dipped below the surface again.
Steve groaned, shifted back over with none of the grace he usually managed, flopping a bit like one of the fish who escaped the net only to find itself on an unforgiving dock instead of the water.  He looked up at Tony, who was smiling down at him with soft, hazy expression.
“So.  You two make up and make out, or what?” Rhodey asked.  “Dude, seriously?  No, I don’t like Phantom better,” Rhodey said in a muffled voice.  “Okay, so what’s the deal?”
Happy maneuvered the car into what amounted to half a space, good enough for New York parking. Tony pushed the car door open and climbed out.  Steve followed, and Rhodey scooted across the seat far enough to lean his head out.  Tony shook his head, and Rhodey grabbed the door handle and pulled it closed, leaving Steve and Tony standing in nearly the same spots they’d been standing in a few days ago when Tony had barreled back into Steve’s carefully ordered life and turned it upside down.
“Fine,” Tony ground out, catching Natasha’s look.  “So, I’m swooping.  He’s—he’s doing the thing,” Tony said vaguely, gesturing towards where Steve stood amongst the crowd.  He made his way through the crowd, ignoring the calls for his attention, until he found his way next to Steve, his stuttering heartbeat calming perceptively when he was finally close enough to catch Steve’s wide gaze, nearly startlingly blue against the paleness of his face.  He was just worried, Tony told himself.  About Cap.  That was it.
Tony blinked slowly at him while his mind caught up with the question.   Hysterical laughter bubbled up inside his chest as he braced one hand on the doorframe and leaned forward letting his head dip down while he gathered his composure. A hooker. Hot Blonde Underwear Model thought he—Tony Stark--was a hooker. Apparently hired by some friend, who was improbably named ‘Bucky.’ The insanely hot guy standing in front of him thought he was here for paid-for sex. Well, that just made everything that much easier. He wasn’t even going to have to work at---wait.
“One way of putting it,” Barnes acknowledged brusquely.  “And when this is all done and you’ve, I don’t know, figured out world peace or whatever the fuck it is you’re doing, you’re just going to hand Steve a check and everyone goes on their merry way, huh?” Barnes asked.
“Sunset,” Tony’s voice cut knifelike in the darkness.  “Charming as ever, I see.”
“That was designer,” Tony argued, grinning back at him.  “Point being, people will buy me marrying a stripper on a drunken whim.  That’s half expected, truth be told.  People will not buy me marrying—God, you look like Andy Griffith.  Or Mr. Rogers.  Do you have a cardigan?  You do, don’t you?  You’re going to ‘aw-shucks’ and ‘swell’ me any minute now.  I can feel it.  I need more coffee.  I can’t handle this without caffeine.”
.  He sucked in another clean, clear, deep breath.  Wow. Wow, this was...amazing. That was the only word for it.  He felt clear-headed, too. Surprisingly so. The wooziness and muddled thoughts were gone, though it was like some of the calmness, the peace, that was still somehow there, in the far reaches of his mind, underneath everything.
Steve slowed, checked his phone again for a reply to his messages or a missed call, then shoved it back in his pocket. Steve could practically hear Bucky in his head.
“Certainly!  I’ll get with our graphic design artists tomorrow and have the proof sent to you as soon as it’s ready,” Deirdre replied.
Then it was time. Slowly, he stood and walked up to the platform.  His limbs felt leaden. Everyone was watching, though their eyes were covered by darkened safety goggles.  Steve stepped into the coils. I remember this part, he thought, waiting while they primed the machine and entered whatever calculations remained.  He peered at Peggy, watching him from behind a partition of glass. She held up her hand and placed it against the window. He waved. He thought she might be crying.  He wanted to tell her not to be sad, then realized his own cheeks were wet. Someone started a countdown.
bastard that he was, Obie’s only paper trail led right back to Tony.
“Yeah, you sound it,” Steve said with a roll of his eyes.  It wasn’t an objection, so that was something, Tony told himself.
“I—yes.  Yes, I did. I’m surprised you heard about that,” Dr. Barker swooned.  Well, he didn’t swoon, but close, Tony amended.
“No,” Bruce said after a moment, worrying a bit at his bottom lip with his teeth. “No, I guess it really doesn’t.”
,” Steve groaned, huffing out a laugh.
“Seriously with the…” Tony began, then jerked his head towards the bathroom.  “Forget it. All yours.”
“Always so sensitive, Cap.  Steve,” Tony corrected immediately when caught Steve’s look.  “Serum?”
“Thank you,” Steve replied, turning to go.
Their breathing finally calmed and Steve grabbed the nearby towel to clean them up.  “That…that was…” Steve started, but had no idea how to put it into words, really.
“Well, I’m helpful like that,” Bucky nodded.
Shellhead’s lips quirked up a bit at that, and he let out a long sigh, air puffing through the gills on his neck.  He nodded at Steve, his expression seemingly apologetic, though he had nothing to apologize for.
“Good.  Then, off we go,” Zola replied, clapping his hands together.  They reached the doors to the King’s chambers and Zola rapped his knuckles against the wood.  Steve looked up at the crest carved above the door.  A burning heart.  And the Stark motto in the old tongue below it. Aga Dvara Banavati.
Tony sighed and wiped his hand up and down over his face, then flattened his mouth and looked down at Steve.  One hand smoothed Steve’s hair back from his forehead, almost absently. Steve could almost see his mind turning inward.  He wondered what Tony was thinking about, but didn’t ask. He wasn’t sure he wanted to hear the answer, if it was that Tony was remembering his time with Lady Bain.  Steve frowned. He didn’t like thinking of it. He didn’t like Tony thinking of it. He couldn’t say if that was because it had ultimately not been something that Tony felt was good for him or some dark, covetous reason that Steve did not care to dwell upon.
“Nat, what—what happened?” Steve asked. “Please, I—I need to know. It’s important.”
Well, crap.
“I…like it?” Steve offered as a bemused frown furrowed his brow.  “Lately, I guess I’d like more of it,” he said, the frown flattening into a smile.
“I said get out,” the King repeated.
“They needed a flier,” Tony protested, though it sounded weak even to his own ears.
Steve could hear the anger lacing Howard’s voice, could almost feel it vibrating through the screen, and he had heard that tone enough to recognize it, to feel the sick coil of danger in his gut, fight or flight as if that was a real choice, but his eyes were on Tony, sitting there on scabby knees at his mother’s feet, rocking slightly and clutching his Captain America figure to his chest with scabbering fingers that were too used to this motion, this need to curl in and become small.  Steve knew it too well, but seeing it in Tony, he wondered if this was what they meant when they described a heart as breaking, because it felt like a part of him being torn in two.
“How’d you get out of it?” Tony asked, trying to picture Steve without the pact-with-the-devil-body.
Steve stared at Tony for a long moment, Tony’s words from so many nights ago sounding drumbeat-loud in his head, matching the pounding of the blood in his veins, all seeming to rush right to his cock.  Slowly, he darted his tongue out to catch a droplet that clung to his lips, bringing it into his mouth as Tony watched, his breath heaving a bit as Steve’s tongue disappeared between his lips.  It tasted familiar, of course, the salty, bitter, musky taste of Tony. Not bad, exactly, and certainly far from the worst thing he’d tasted, but there was something about
. You coming home white as a sheet and taking an hour-long shower after going to some asshole’s hotel room for a party isn’t
“Never,” Tony assured him, patting his ass instead and grinning wickedly in response to Steve’s glare, which would have probably bothered Tony, but he could see Steve biting his lip to keep from smiling, so it was okay. Okay-okay, even.
“Looks like you’re about out,” Steve said, nodding down at Stane’s meager pile of chips.
“What was the first thing you made?” Tony asked.
“You talked about this with them?” Steve asked.
“I can do that,” Steve offered.
He chanced a glance at his companion, who was quietly tapping away on one of those tablet things, the blue glow of the screen illuminating sharp features, full lips and hair that was trying desperately to curl.  Definitely an improvement in the looks department, Steve acknowledged.  Though that would probably not count for much if they got to his house and he opened his Dungeon of Mystery.  Jesus.  He was going to have some kind of anxiety attack and completely freak the guy out, get fired from a job he never wanted and still have absolutely no idea what to do about the money situation.
“I always wondered where that story came from. I am not disappointed,” Tony said over a low chuckle.
“He comes to the club sometimes,” Steve said finally, gaze darting down and away as he shifted back and forth on his feet, nudging the head of the club at one of his new shoes.  He could see the mirrors of the disco ball overhead reflected in the tops of them, and for a moment, he just stared at that, because it was something to look at.
The Omega scowled at him.
“You have,” Fury acknowledged with a slight nod. “And exactly how close are you to telling me, telling SHIELD and the rest of whoever wants to try to put some reins on you to go pound sand, huh?” he asked. “Sit down.  Please. I’m not your enemy, Captain,” Fury said in an urgent, frustrated tone. His voice sounded louder, no longer a tinny whisper Steve could barely hear. The pulsing throb in his head had lessened somewhat, though he couldn’t quite make himself relax his fists. Fight, flight, it was always a fight, he thought, then tried to focus on what Fury was saying.  Finally, Steve sat back down and watched the line of tension ease out of Fury’s shoulders. He noticed the man’s hand slide out from under his desk. Smart man, Steve thought grimly.
“Yeah.  Yeah, something like that,” Tony acknowledged with a tight smile that he felt slowly melt into something a little softer.  “People usually have trouble with that,” Tony said.  “Want me to be that guy all the time.”
“You built your garage, created your workspace and your robots.  Did you ask him for the garage?” Jarvis asked.
Oh God, oh God, oh God, Tony’s mind whirled and tilted as Steve’s tongue traced a circle around the rim of his hole through the lace, then flattened out and covered his hole, licking a long, slow stripe.
“Hmmm.  And what of Stane?” Steve asked, trying to keep his voice neutral.
Steve shook his head back and forth rapidly again and finally stopped squirming underneath Tony, though he couldn’t seem to keep entirely still, like too much sensation was running through his body to stop moving entirely.  “Sheets,” Steve burst out as if the word exploded from his chest.  “Sorry.  Again.”
“Yes,” Steve admitted, shifting his eyes away for a moment before he dragged his gaze back to where Tony was watching him with the intense sort of focus he seemed to reserve for Steve or his machines.  He felt himself tense, but held Tony’s gaze.
This was the beginning he’d been waiting for, spending his life pushing forward, reaching out for something that he couldn’t find, but it had always been there, waiting.  It’s up.  I’ve been leaning forward for so long, my head was against the wind, and I could only see one foot in front of the other.
A couple of story notes for those who might be interested:
“Why Tony? Why make Tony?” Anto asked.  He could hear the confusion in his own voice.  “Steve no want Tony,” Anto reminded him in a rough whisper, blinking back the sting in his eyes.
“Tony---you—you can’t do this,” Steve said weakly.
“How do you know my name?” Steve asked.
Steve nodded and walked through the door, looking once over his shoulder, as if he could catch a glimpse of the thoughts that swirled in his mind that he almost felt he was leaving behind.  Once inside the door, Steve’s mind went from fragmented memories and almost-thoughts to amazement in one, quick swoop of his stomach.   The room was huge, airy and bright, with a high, vaulted ceiling from which a series of knotted ropes dangled from beams. Metal poles mounted between sturdy posts of various heights were stationed along one side of the room.  Low, flat beams jutted up from the floor where soldiers could practice balance.  Another wall was covered with metal outcroppings, almost like rocks, a large woven net, and more knotted ropes.  Large sand-filled canvas bags, some as tall as a man, others as small as his head, were strung on chains between the rafters and the floor.  Weights were stacked by padded benches, and a variety of weapons, some clearly for training and others far deadlier, covered the far wall.  Steve tried to take it all in, his mind immediately classifying each apparatus and seeing the benefit of it for training, though he would freely admit that everything here was made far better and finer than anything he remembered training on under Phillips.
“You said I could have the garage.  That it could be mine. Well.  What, you want to talk politics some more?” Tony demanded, voice harsh and as forcefully as he dared.  “Or feel like telling me again about how your dead best friend gets more say in my life than I do?” he spat out.
Steve, and he was fairly sure at least one of those was inevitable, like some poisonous seed he’d unknowingly planted years ago finally bearing fruit.
“It seems that he had an unfortunate number of complaints when he was practicing in New York, which he failed to disclose to the VA, as it turned out,” Matt replied.  “So, a Doctor Carson has replaced him.”
“Look, this was insane,” Tony started.   This really was.  He knew it.  Pepper, Matt and Rhodey sure knew it, though they would try, because they were the kind of people who couldn’t walk away from this, but at least they knew the stakes.  Obie had tried to have him killed.  God only knew what Pierce was capable of doing to protect his secrets.
“You should come see them. The bots, I mean,” Tony clarified.
“Good for them,” Tony said with a somewhat surprising amount of genuine emotion behind it.  He was happy for them.  Really and truly happy. They were his friends, too. Or, they had been.  Jury was still out for now.
“Mind-blowingly specific, thank you,” Tony replied.
“They weren’t stupid.  My inventions.  They were good.  They worked.  My drones are going to be ten times better than what anyone at SI could do.  I blew past that ten years ago with a TV remote, an electric razor and a tinker toy set, but you already knew that.  I don’t need your research.  You need mine.  You always have.  And this,” Tony said, holding up the flash drive.  “Your little Trojan Horse?  Nice try.  But I’ve played that game with you my whole life, haven’t I?  How many familiar things am I going see at SI?  How many of my ‘stupid inventions’ has SI built over the years?  The ones you couldn’t get to work, the problems you couldn’t solve, the ones you’d bring home until I fixed them for you, like that reactor?”
“You can help,” Steve offered.
small in any way, as if he defied the laws of physics and took up more space than he should. He had kind eyes, Steve remembered.  Warm and brown and
“I just mean from before,” Steve interjected.  “You’re not what I expected.  Some of it, yeah, sure. All the—all the
Sure enough, minutes later, Steve saw headlights outside in the drive.  Having no idea what to say to Tony or how he was supposed to arrange payment, he left one of the cream embossed business cards of the agency, black spider hovering above a phone number, sitting on the kitchen counter.  He stepped out into the crisp night air and watched as Tony’s chauffeur, Mr. Hogan, the voice had called him, hopped out and opened the door to a Rolls Royce.  He wondered if his night could get any stranger.  On the drive back, he learned he’d been in Malibu and Happy, which was Mr. Hogan’s name, was the genial sort who liked to talk and loved all things sports, so they spent most of the ride debating the relative merits of the Dodgers’ pitching roster.  Steve had to stop and wonder what Happy thought about this, taking home someone Tony hired for the evening, but Happy treated him as nicely as if he was any other guest of Tony’s.  When they reached his apartment building, he hopped out and wished Happy a good night, thanking him profusely for the ride.  He supposed he should tip him, but he needed two dollars for the bus to work in the morning and figured the remaining five would’ve been an insult.
“I’m working on that,” Tony replied, waving a hand in the air.
Steve’s eyes snapped to Tony at the sound, and he paused at his task long enough to frown even deeper, canting his head to the side like he was trying to figure Tony out before seeming to give up and go back to what he was doing.
“Hello!” Steve tried again.  “I mean you no harm, truly, I swear it.  I just hoped to speak with you, that’s all.” He looked behind him, thinking perhaps whoever lived here had somehow ducked out down the hall, but no one appeared.  It was just him, alone, in the strange room.  But someone must have put the candelabra there, which meant...
The tent was draped with tapestries adorning the walls.   Two torches glowed from iron sconces attached to the large center pole, the smoke rising out the smokehole at the top. A huge bed dominated one side of the room, and Steve would have laughed, but when he sat down on the edge, he could feel the smooth plank of oak under his side, and the gesture was so very Tony, in ways few understood, that he felt his eyes prickling and burning all of a sudden.  His sword and shield leaned against the center pole, and he remembered he needed to thank Thor.  A tall, multi-drawered chest stood against one of the far walls, and a round table surrounded by four chairs sat in the middle.  He didn’t see his pack, and the chest was empty, though there was a large bundle tied with cord on one corner of the bed.  He stood and walked around the bed, then bent and picked it up, pulling off the cord, then blinked down at the contents, pulling out the item on top and holding it up in front of him.
“I was thinking about, maybe, taking a kind of sabbatical.  Sort of a finding myself, self-discovery road-trip--except not literal, because I don’t really do road trips--Keanu Reeves-Zen thing.  I told you about some of my ideas, but there’s…I, ah.  I have a lot.  Of them.  Ideas,” Tony stammered, his face squelching up for a moment at the admission.  “Maybe get her to take on some more responsibility on the corporate side of things.  Take some off my plate.  I mean, I think I can trust that if she wanted to kill me, she’d have done it during the Maxim model thing, so there’s that going for her,” Tony huffed, trying for a smirk, though Steve could see the flicker of hurt twist across Tony’s face.
, he thought to himself, then huffed out a bitter laugh because, well, that was true about a lot of things, even if he felt it most keenly with Tony, because Tony was a good thing, maybe the only good thing about all of this, as far as Steve could tell, and Tony wanted nothing to do with him.  What did that say about him? About any of this?
Not going to lie, though, Tony thought, fingers plucking at the delicate, lavender fabric where it shimmered over his thighs.  He loved Steve’s big, beautiful, glorious cock, too.  Long, thick and curved ever so slightly to the left when he was fully erect, the long, wide vein pulsing down to the head.  Uncut, unlike Tony’s, which Tony found sinfully fascinating, much to Steve’s occasional amusement and, quite often, very much to his enjoyment.  He loved how much it stretched him whenever Steve took him. Even with as much time as Steve usually took to get him prepared, whenever Steve pushed into him, there was always that moment of burning stretch when Tony could barely swallow, and it felt like it was impossible, and then it wasn’t, and his body opened for Steve, all slick and so tight around Steve’s cock, like he was made just for that, just for Steve.
. He pushed Steve’s hand away and sat up, all business now.  Twisting around, he pinwheeled his legs until he was facing the wall opposite the bed, each leg bent at the knee and tucked up under him on either side of Steve’s hips.
“I have no idea if you actually understand any of this,” Tony sighed, scraping a hand over his beard and scratching at his chin a bit.   He looked hard at the alien, grimaced and let his eyes wander around the room. None of this made any sense. It was all crazy. He knew that.  And yet, he also knew in some deep, certain way that the alien wasn’t going to hurt him. Granted, he was lucid enough to realize that was probably the magic finger whammy trick talking, but he still
While Steve had spent most of the evening tripping over his own tongue, this was the first time Tony had appeared at any kind of loss for words.  Up close like this, Steve could see that Tony’s hands were shaking a bit as he ghosted them over Steve’s body, his face was flushed with heat and his eyes held something in them that Steve couldn’t put a name on.
It was a testament to Tony’s level of distraction that he didn’t notice they’d passed Los Angeles until they hit one of the freeway’s tunnels.
“I’m not afraid,” Steve retorted, the bravado too much of a habit to entirely dispense with, even now, though, in truth, he didn’t know what he was feeling.  Fear, yes, but it was oddly dulled and tempered.  It was too much, all at once, that’s what it was, Steve told himself.  Horror and dread and something else lurking under the surface that scared him almost as much as the realization of who--
There was a lull in the conversation after Charles left.  Most of the other Omegas seemed to have trickled out of the room and back to the ballroom, Tony noticed, sparing a glance at the flat screen where couples whirled around on the dance floor.  Staying out of the ballroom seemed like a good call, he thought dully.
well. No way, man. No way,” voice one protested, following it up with a loud scrape, followed by a bang that Tony identified as a chair being kicked across a floor and into something metal.
“Come on in,” Steve said, stowing the soap onto the holder and gesturing for Tony.  “Plenty of room.”
“Fine???” Tony yelled back. “That's it? Fine? You're not even sorry. God, I don't know what I was expecting.”
“You should’ve been here three minutes ago,” Rhodes said.  “Looked like a couple of seals fighting over a grape,” he added, giving a shake.
“I’ll be here,” Steve replied.
Steve was steadfastly staring at some point over Tony's shoulder, his eyes bright and jaw clenched so tight, Tony could have used the line of it as a level. There was a wash of emotions flickering behind his eyes, so many that Tony couldn't keep track, though Steve was holding himself almost preternaturally still.
Steve padded down the hall to his apartment and let himself in.  Stripping out his uniform as gingerly as he could one-handed, he changed clothes and sprawled down on the bed, shutting his eyes.  As tired as he was, he expected sleep to take over as soon as his head hit the pillow, but his mind had different ideas than his body.  He wasn’t sure how long he lay there, watching the minutes on the clock tick by.  If he fell asleep right now, he’d have exactly six hours and thirty-seven minutes until the alarm went off in the morning.
Brock stretched his arms over his head, popping his back, and took his drink when the waitress returned with it, taking a long sip and smacking his lips a bit at the taste.  “How about we head over to the Grand? Try a few slots, maybe some cards…I don’t know about you, but I’m feeling lucky.”
“Working on it.  Team Happily Ever After.  Rah-rah,” Tony replied, rubbing his fingers at his temple again.
“That’s the price of the Claim, don’t you see?  The payment due for the protection and care I provide,” Tony murmured, his words so close, they seemed to flow into Steve’s skin.  Steve felt like a husked out shell suddenly burning with a cold fire, and deep down, a hunger grew, one like he had never known. Or had he dreamt of it? Was he dreaming now? His head throbbed.  He could feel the blood pulse in his neck, breaking against the thin skin there in waves, clawing at him, scraping at the skin like it was ready to burst.
Steve figured he probably should speak up, tell them it was okay, he didn’t mind, but he couldn’t quite get the words to work themselves out of where they were stalled in the middle of his chest, so he kept quiet.
“What?” Steve asked with a low chuckle, pulling back to look down at Tony.
A trio of talking heads who Steve was fairly sure had never been in the same room with Tony argued back and forth for a few minutes while Steve listened with increasing annoyance.  He knew he should change the channel or turn it off, but he couldn’t seem to resist hearing what they said about Tony.  So much for not thinking about him.
“I know,” Steve said softly, almost sadly, tilting his head so his forehead rested against Tony’s.  “Someone knew about your squirrel missile,” Steve said, changing course with all the subtlety of Liberace’s gayness.
His head was still full of these bright bursts of possibility, and everything else, all the practical, realistic things he probably should be thinking about had been shunted to the background, behind the idea that he could love Steve, fully and without reservation.  He couldn’t help it, half-giddy with the heady, punchdrunk sensation of Steve next to him, fitting into place like a key to a door he hadn’t known was locked.
“Get some sleep, okay?” Brock said, then yawned and punched at the pillow before flipping over on his stomach.
“Uh,” Tony grunted, pursing his lips.  “Rhodey. And Pepper.  And Matt, but no one listens to him.”
“That it was,” Steve began, struggling to form words that didn’t come out garbled and thick.  “That it was a part of it.  The other side of pleasure.”
The doors barely closed on Tony’s chambers when he turned and pressed a hand to Steve’s chest, stilling him, then caught Steve’s jaw between his palms.  Tony leaned up and kissed him, almost chastely at first, his beard scratching at Steve’s chin and mouth and digging the shortest of the chains that dangled from the headdress into Steve’s skin.  Tony pulled away and let his forehead rest on Steve’s for a moment, then stepped back and looked up at him.
“Hey, aren't you Tony Stark?” the driver questioned, brows drawing together.
“Sure thing,” Tony answered, wondering if his voice really sounded that high and excited. Somewhere between doing his best half-drowned, wire-tapping rat impression in Steve’s hallway and their entirely too serious debate over Star Trek versus Star Wars, he’d started thinking of exactly how to break it to Steve that he did a lot of things for money, but not that, though he was more than aware just how fine a line he was cutting there, and that Steve’s life, whatever happened after today, was about to get a hell of a lot easier. With the stupid amounts of money Pepper had him donating to various art schools, they could damn sure find a scholarship looking for a recipient, at the very least. And surely, SI needed…whatever it was Steve wanted to do. Fuck it, he’d just buy Baskin Robbins. Yes, this seemed like a good plan, he thought rather desperately.
Tony could get sometimes.  He wondered if people know that about Tony.  How quiet he could be, how intimate it could make things, that absence of commentary, when all of his focus shifted and settled.  How it always caught Steve a little by surprise to be on the receiving end of it.
“You—you do?” Tony stammered, turning wide, startled eyes back to Steve.
sound like you, Peg,” Daniel said. The camera juddered a bit, then settled, finding Peggy again.
“Tony,” Steve replied evenly.  “The room?  What happened here?”
“Tony—“ Steve broke off, running a hand through his hair.
“If we’re doing honesty hour, I should probably tell you that it’s been…well, a long time since I, ah…since I spent time with someone I actually, you know, liked, in the way that I have…like…for you,” Tony admitted, rubbing at his forehead with one hand.  “You’ve probably seen the articles.  And the news reports. And certain…online video-type things that we won’t discuss.  Note to self, have JARVIS put SafeSearch on Steve’s computer.  Anyway, point being,” he stopped, drew in a breath.  “Point being, I know what my reputation is, a lot of it earned, some of it not, but the truth is, I haven’t done this kind of thing with someone I’m actually interested in for a long time.”
A few Hydra bases, a terrorist group that ended up with far too many Chitauri leftovers for comfort, and that thing with Blonsky later and somehow, Cap was Winghead and Iron Man was Shellhead, and they had regular training sessions.
“In general?  Probably,” Tony replied.  He lifted the bottle to his mouth and took a drink, though his eyes stayed on Steve.  There was a familiar quality to the look.  It was the same one Tony got whenever he was trying to figure out a problem or how best to fix something that should, by all rights, be irreparably broken.  Assessing, Steve thought.  That’s what the look is.
It had been a good night.  He wasn’t going to pretend otherwise.  He hadn’t known… well.  It didn’t matter.  It was over.  They
Steve thought.
“You have been so good for me, all this time,” Tony soothed, running a hand down the inside of Steve’s thigh to the juncture where his cock spasmed at the proximity.  Steve let out a high, keening whine of pure need.
The idea that this could be his world, too, was almost too much to grasp onto at one time.  A few months ago, he’d been bent over Howard’s desk with his ass on fire because of the school thing, watching through watery, stinging eyes as the metal balls suspended in a row that adorned Howard’s desk clattered against each other with each blow.  Now, he was working with CalTech on proving Einstein right, and, apparently, about to become a weapons designer.
“Tony,” Coulson said, one hand on the doorknob.  “It will be alright.”  Tony wasn’t sure whether Coulson was talking about Steve or MIT or Tony’s attempt to outdo NIMH, so he just nodded and watched Coulson shut the door.  A few moments later, he heard the SUV’s engine start up and the tires crunch across the gravel as Coulson left.
“I’d like that,” Steve said, sliding his hand back to his own lap.  “I’d love to see it.  And Dum-E.  I’ve missed him.”
“He’s four, Obie, stop seeing dollar signs,” Maria admonished, though it was light and fond, without a hint of real censure.
,” Steve agreed. “
“Have to admire someone who sees what they want and goes after it,” Tony said after a slight pause.  His voice was teasing and light, but there was an undercurrent in it that made Steve’s mouth go suddenly dry.  “All done?” Steve nodded. He wiped his napkin over his mouth and twisted it in his fist.  “We should probably start back.”
“Hello, Tony,” Natalie replied with a slight smile that seemed to have almost an apology in it, though that didn’t make sense.  “Good to see you again.”
“No,” Tony corrected with a slight smile, his face softening, eyes going liquid. “These are mine.”
“Quit mooning, gods,” Bucky snorted with a shake of his head as he stepped into the tent. He pushed a hand against the back of Steve’s head, giving him a small, playful shove. “Dugan says we’re going back.”
Steve blinked at him, then considered how little success in finding Brock he was having so far.  This was supposed to be a way for them to re-connect, and they were already blowing it. To Steve, at least, it felt like
A laugh, then, one of those awful ones that held no mirth.  “I will tell that to Cam and the others who came before him.  Forgive me, for I
“Subtle conversational pivot there, Tones,” Rhodes observed, mouth flattening, probably to keep from laughing, Steve thought.
“Come now. I chose it a little more than you did,” Tony corrected gently. Steve let out a breath of air and looked away. “I can’t change that for you. I wish I could, but I can’t. I can change it for others.”
“Yes, dear?” Tony asked innocently.
“Is that what you think I want to say to you?” Steve asked, looking up at Tony with a frown.
This place was old.  Probably in all kinds of levels of disrepair hell.  No telling how ancient these countertops were.  Decades, at least, based on the color choice and pattern.  Not to mention that this stuff wasn’t exactly top notch quality to begin with, anyway.
We were young. We were stupid. Steve had never seen that kind of money in his life, and he knew all too well what it was like to want. That was a lifetime of security being offered to a barely nineteen year old on a silver platter, even if he had, apparently, managed to squander it somehow. Could he really blame Steve for taking it?
“Bonded,” Rogers offered when Tony stumbled over his words.   Try to control your excitement, Tony thought with a surprising amount of annoyance, but the thought fled as Tony looked up, blinking with something between panic and bitter disappointment as Rogers started to shuck his jacket.  Well, that nice-guy act didn’t last long, Tony had time to think before he realized that Rogers hadn’t actually remove his jacket, just opened it enough to tug something out of the collar.  A necklace, Tony’s mind supplied.  No, wait.  Dog tags.
“I won’t. I swear it, Steve,” Tony promised, the words coming out hard and brittle, an edge of roughness to them that was almost savage. “I swear it. I will do anything you ask of me.”
Steve put one foot up on the marble seat that jutted out from the shower wall and worked his finger in and out a few times before adding a second.  It was an odd sensation, he thought.  It felt different than when Tony did it, when he couldn’t keep himself still and kept trying to find more, to feel more, though it was something else, too.  Tactile.  Tony liked to touch him, liked to watch him come apart from it.   He always took his time, almost reverently sometimes, and seemed to enjoy it almost as much as Steve, and maybe that mattered, too.  But, tonight, Steve wanted this to be about Tony, though he wasn’t quite sure why. Gratitude, maybe, though that didn’t quite feel like the right word.  I want him to know how I feel, Steve realized as he pushed a third finger deep inside, then out again, repeating the gesture until he felt his body slacken at the invasion.
“Not yet,” Skinny Steve replied, looking up from where he was licking and mouthing kisses up and down Tony’s cock.  One had cradled Tony’s balls, hefting and squeezing as he played with them.  The other held the nub of Tony’s nipple between small, finely-boned fingers, occasionally giving it a quick twist or flick as Steve watched.
His eyes skated over the photos of their own accord, settling on the one of Steve’s mom at the beach, a rail-thin, three-year old, tow-headed Steve in her arms.  It was faded to sepia tones now, but he recognized it, recognized her.  The thought of flowers, bright against the snow-covered ground hit him with physical force, so clear and present, the way each breath was so cold it hurt, and Steve’s hand curled so tightly around his that Tony thought he could feel the bones rubbing together through the skin, but he wouldn’t have let go for anything.  It had been the first time in Tony’s life that adulthood felt like a burden instead of a privilege.
, scraped an edge of guilty tension off that Tony hadn’t even realized was there.
Tony moved between Steve’s thighs and put one hand on Steve’s right knee, pushing it up so it bent next to Steve’s chest.  He repeated the motion with the other, until Steve was spread wide before him.  This should be horrifying, Steve thought, but it carried no force or sense of shame with it.  Tony would take care of him.  He had promised.
“Yeah, oh,” Tony repeated.  “Actually, we, ah.  After some discussion with management,” Tony began, taking the last step onto the landing.  “It’s just not the right time for this kind of major restructuring.  The stock would take at least a forty-point hit, and we have outstanding contracts that need our resources.  This, the reactor thing, it’s not even more than a prototype, and…well, it’s just not the right time.  Maybe one day, you know?”
“If driving me to a heart attack is your plan, you should know that I haven’t changed the will yet,” Tony said tightly, eyes squeezed shut, palms fisting then releasing to flatten against the glass.
Pepper pressed her lips tightly together, clearly trying to contain a smile.  “So, genius, come up with something else.  He’s an artist, right?  What about a gallery opening or something?” Pepper suggested.  “Show him you’re interested in him.”
“I—I know.  I do,” Tony replied.
“Well, you might be surprised to know that I’m kind of okay with that idea,” Tony offered, feeling Steve’s whole body tense next to him.
Matt stared forward, blinking placidly.
“What happened in Gulmira was hardly your fault, Steve,” Tony said softly.
“Of course, Mr. Stark,” Not-Paul said, quickly snatching the red tie away like it’s feelings had been hurt.  Apparently, Steve’s opinion on the matter didn’t rate.  “The new collection has some other blues that would really pop with his coloring.”  Tony muttered something that Not-Paul took for assent to charge, Steve assumed, because he darted so fast, Steve was surprised there wasn’t a puff of smoke where he’d been standing.  Tony walked back over and pulled the dressing room door closed, paused for a moment, then turned back around to Steve.
“These two come before the gods and men to be bound together,” the holy man intoned. “Let this symbolize their devotion and the strength of their union,” he continued, then reached out to take the rope from Bucky and Rhodes, who stepped up together to offer it.  Steve had half expected cord of golden links or something equally elaborate, but it was a simple rope, rough and scraggly, the kind he woven as he sat confined to his bed.  He held out his arm next to where Tony extended his hand, and the holy man began winding the cord around them.
“Well, here’s the thing you gotta understand, Tones.  None of that career trajectory is normal.  Looking through his record, you could tell, Army
.  We survived. We prospered.   It isn’t perfect, I know that.  The world is full of terrible things. Some of them I imagine you know even better than I do,” Rhodes said, brown eyes deepening into a frown.  “As I said, we can be better.  You can help with that.  But, have a care who you lecture about what can be done, when you’ve not done much doing.  That kind of arrogance is dangerous.”
“I know, I know,” Tony said, holding out his hands in front of him in a placating gesture.  “That’s exactly what I’m talking about,” he continued, walking over to stand in front of Steve.  He ran a hand through Steve’s hair and under his jaw, a gesture Steve was used to by now.  Waited for.  Wanted, even.  Steve could feel himself leaning into the pressure of Tony’s hand, a slight shift of weight that changed the caress into something more, something solid, almost like being held.  “You’ve a good mind.  Different than mine, true, but not the lesser for it, I think.  I have come to…value…your insights, and, even more so, your agreement.  Hard won as that may be at times,” Tony said, lips curling into a small, fond smile, even as he dropped his hand from Steve’s cheek, though not before tracing the pad of his down to the edge of Steve’s lips, which parted, making Tony’s eyes dance.
“I don’t know how to answer that,” Steve said around a laugh, scrubbing a hand over his face and through his hair before letting it flop to the side. “I want to say sorry again, but I have a suspicion that’s not the right thing to say here.”
“Yeah, I do,” Steve answered with a solid, urging sort of tone.  “Even when their solution is too smart for his own good,” Steve said with a low chuckle that made Tony’s stomach twist with pleasure.
He stepped back, admiring his handiwork for a moment. Though he had no idea if someone would come in after him, he rather liked the idea of leaving the man plugged up and full of his cum. The red color was nice against the lightly tanned skin of the man’s bottom. He rather liked the red.
“My family, Lizzie, I--” Steve stammered, trying to think.  His mind was a jumble of thoughts, each vying for attention.
“A convincing statement of my devotion,” Tony supplied.
Shellhead rolled his mouth a bit, then hefted up two enormous crabs, each hanging by one tentacle.  Each had two large pincers and six spindly legs, making them look a bit more like some kind of sea spider than crabs.  Shellhead dropped them unceremoniously over the side of the boat before Steve could say anything, making Steve jerk backwards as the crabs scuttled around the bottom of the boat, intent on escape, perhaps by clawing through the hull, Steve could only assume.  Shellhead wasted no time in slamming his tentacle down on top of each of them in rapid succession. The both went still a moment later, once they apparently realized they were quite dead.
“Dude, just tell Stark you need some clothes that will look good on his floor,” Clint suggested with a slight snicker, leaning into Bucky as he maneuvered the game controller.  “You die again and no way you get any of my elixir!”
“I’m sorry, Sir.  Sir has not communicated with me since the night of the dinner, except to make the arrangements of which you are already aware,” JARVIS responded. It felt oddly comforting to have something of a Brother-in-Arms when it came to being ignored by Tony, and he could swear the AI was sounding rather peeved.
Fishing expeditions.
Steve focused on Bucky’s reflection in the mirror, then let his gaze dip down at his outfit, not meaning for it to be quite such an admission.  Bucky had always been able to see through him though, even when he couldn’t see himself.
Falling asleep was supposed to be a struggle in a new, unfamiliar place, with its too-soft mattress and ridiculous stack of pillows, but Steve woke up with a start, disoriented and surprised at the realization  that he had slept until sometime after the sun was peeking up over the Strip, turning it from dazzling to just gaudy.  He peeked out the bedroom door long enough to determinate that the rest of the suite was still dark and quiet, so he made himself put his gym clothes on and took the elevator down to the private gym reserved for concierge guests.  It was empty at this hour, save for a young, perfectly-tanned, blonde woman steadily climbing invisible stairs while watching one of the hosts on the Morning Blend good-naturedly get his face licked by a black and white spaniel mix up for adoption.
Really, the whole ‘unspoken communication’ thing was not going as well as he’d hoped, considering that his Omega had just brushed aside his attempt to convince him that everything was fine by ignoring the actual issue and doing something fun instead. Instead, Steve met Tony’s advance with heavy hands pressing on his shoulders, holding him at arm’s length with annoyingly little effort, and a stern and vaguely disappointed look on his face.
“May I see some ID, Sir?” the guard asked, bending low over the window.
Tony smiled.  “Ambrosia,” he hummed, his eyes so dark, Steve almost couldn’t see the whites. “I’ve wanted to taste you for so long.  You do not disappoint.”
“You ask me how I could want to get away from this life?  I ask you, how could I not? I would serve you for a time, then be sold off to God knows what kind of person.   Running away, whatever the risk, was better than this.  And then…then there was you.  I didn’t hate being with you. I wanted to.  A part of me still wants to hate it, but I don’t. God help me, I don’t.  I don’t,” Steve said, voice shaking on the last.
“Tony, if these things all start chattering like those birds in Finding Nemo, you and I are going to need to have a conversation,” Steve intoned evenly.
“Do you remember the eclipse?  We built those viewers with your mother’s shoeboxes and some aluminum foil?” Jarvis asked, seemingly apropos of nothing.
He followed the twisting stairs down to Tony’s workshop. The glass was blacked out, but the door opened for him when he knocked. It closed behind him with a soft snick. Blue light shone from one of the drafting tables, creating a halo around the man who stood with his back to Steve. He wasn’t in one of his usual suits, as Steve would have expected, but loose-fitting sweatpants and a tank top, the kind of thing he favored when he wasn’t trying to pretend to be someone else. His shoulders were hunched, and he was holding himself tightly, like he was in pain and slightly favoring his right side.
“So, I take the banner, walk it right up to the General, drop it at his feet.  I’m like, boom!  You looking for this?” Captain Rhodes said, flinging his free hand up with a flourish, then peered around him in consternation.  “Boom! Are you looking…why do I even talk to you guys?  Everywhere else, that story earns many a toast in my honor, let me tell you.”
“No,” Steve replied, letting his eyes fall shut for a moment. “No, I don’t want that.”
“I am pleased,” Tony insisted.  “I am…it’s just…I mean, you’re Captain America.  God, that’s…okay.  So.  Obviously.  That makes sense, why you—why you want me to go.  I get it.  It’s fine.”
“Better.  Getting around a lot more.  Still lots more therapy and probably one more surgery, but he’s going to be okay,” Tony told him.  “Keeps asking me about bionic body parts.  I’ve told him like a hundred times, if I make a bionic one of those, I’m keeping it for myself.  How’s…everyone else?” he asked carefully.  “Don’t actually tell me anything, by the way.  I’m like ninety percent sure our Secretary of State is a supervillain, so.  There’s that.”
“I’m sure he is,” Steve said as he slung his legs up onto the bed and shifted back against the pillows, wrapping an arm around Tony and pulling him to his chest.  “But, I bet the government has an absolutely brilliant plan to get him acclimated.”
Steve pulled his hands from his pockets and turned to the railing again, leaning forward enough to make Tony want to remind him what the sign said.  Then, he pivoted on his heels and walked around the opposite side of the car.  Tony had time to wonder if he was getting something out of the trunk before there was as a loud crunching sound that made him immediately think ‘Rocks!’ and hunch over, one hand going to cover his head because that was going to be the difference in an avalanche, sure. This incongruous sound was overlapped by the squeal of metal, the sharp, splintering crash of shattering glass and a roar that sounded like thunder, if thunder arrived on a train. Tony’s eyes and ears were processing input that his brain summarily rejected because none of it made any sense.
“It won’t be easy,” Tony continued.  “Being with me.  The press, yeah, they suck, when they aren’t being useful.  But, there’s…,” he stopped, rubbing at his forehead with the pad of his thumb.  He wanted to sweep Steve off his feet, not talk about the admittedly long litany of reasons Steve should run like hell.  But, he supposed, they’d loved each other like kids, and that hadn’t worked out so well.  Loving each other like adults meant actually talking about things and being upfront with each other, and for Steve, he could hold up the mirror and actually look at the reflection.  “I work.  A lot.  Weird hours.  If this clean energy thing takes off, it’ll be even more time away from you, and I know, the timing sucks, but I’ve got to be out front with that.  I’m eight years sober, but I still go to meetings.  Carol—Rhodey’s ex—she’s my sponsor.  I forget things like birthdays and anniversaries.  I try to control things, because I’m scared shitless most of the time.  About messing this up.  Losing you.  Which probably means I’m going to mess it up, and I can’t seem to make myself stop, even when I see it coming.  I want this too much.  So…yeah.”
Steve used his other hand to tear an ad for Acme coffee out of one of the Life magazines stacked on the table next to the bed.  A smiling woman held out a steaming cup over the tagline.  ‘Husband Pleasing Coffee,’ it read.  He balled it up and tossed it into the metal stew pot on the floor by the cot in which he’d built a small fire with one of their precious matches.  It wasn’t much.  They couldn’t risk too much light, but even the small glow seemed to offer some warmth, though he suspected that might be the suggestion of warmth more than anything.
