Dean nods, holding onto Cas’ hips as he pushes slowly in. He waits until he’s fully sheathed before he starts rolling his hips slowly, sliding in and out with practiced ease. Dean doesn’t bottom very often, and Cas likes being able to treat him. Dean’s head is thrown back in ecstasy, his breathing harsh and labored with his pleasure.
“I like the sound of us. Thank you, Cas. I’ll read it and think of you, every time.” And that note, that ripped out book page, that sentiment, meant so much to Dean. He kept it tucked into his helmet, and he read it every night. The note eventually got smudged and dirty, but by that time Dean could already recite it by heart.
Mary opens the door before they even hit the porch, and ushers them inside. John takes Dean right to the living room and deposits him on the couch. “Sammy, get him some new clothes.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Dean huffs a small laugh, but his smile fades as soon as he sees Cas stand back up. He knows the look on the dark-haired man’s face by now-fear. He’s seen it when the occasional spider turns up in the house, when they watch a horror film, and when he accidentally leaves the closet door open at night. But none of the aforementioned is currently happening, so Dean sees no reason why the younger man should be watery-eyed and fidgety. “Did something happen?” He worries, placing his arms around Cas.
Mary calls them downstairs a few minutes later, the fire blazing. She hands out the designated presents first, and tells Dean he should open his before everyone else. Unknowingly, he opens Cas’ last. He picks up the big box with the smaller, thinner one on top. “It’s heavy.” Dean says, reading the tag. “Cas, what could you have possibly gotten me ?” He opens the paper carefully, his cheeks tinted a light pink from all the eyes on him. He opens the bigger box first, eyes lighting up when he sees what’s inside. “Cas ! Thank you, wow.” He beams, looking it over. He sets it carefully aside and opens the thinner package. “Holy shit, is this….this record is
Dean goes to stay with Sam until his deployment at the end of the month. It’s good to see his brother again, good to spend time with him before he leaves for war, again…He is a soldier, and once a soldier, always a soldier. He needs to fight for his country, and that’s not something he could ever explain to Cas. He can only hope that one day he’ll understand. He often thinks about Cas screaming “I hate you !” It’s the last memory he has of him before he goes back.
Dean’s eyelids flutter open a crack, but the bright fluorescent lights of the hospital room startle him. Cas sees the vivid green flash for a moment under honey lashes, and he waits patiently. He doesn’t want to pressure the other man when he’s clearly still in a weakened state.
It’s the middle of December now, and Castiel cannot decide what to get Dean for Christmas. Dean is a hard person to buy for, even though Cas knows he’ll at least pretend to like it even if it’s the worst gift ever. He wants to come up with the perfect thing, something really special. The idea hits him one day when he’s in the passenger seat of Dean’s car. Dean is popping in an old cassette tape, and oddly enough, it makes Cas flash back to the few rare vinyls that Dean owns. However, he doesn’t have a record player…it would be the perfect thing, he knows how much Dean loves music. And he knows exactly which records to buy.
“Do you think this has something to do with the men who attacked me?” Dean stops moving to ask her. His back is turned to Castiel, hoping to mask his words but the dark-haired man can hear him anyway. He stiffens, looking down at the infant on his lap. This little, innocent boy is so sweet….there’s no way he can be connected to those awful men. At least, that’s what Cas hopes with all of his heart.
“I want this to be long-term.” Dean finally says. “I never thought I’d be the type to settle down, but I want to…with you.” Castiel’s face lights up with a smile, and Dean’s answers it with a grin of his own. He leans in for a kiss, and Cas pulls his face down closer, forcing him to adjust his position until he’s leaning over the other man.
“It uh, it protects against the things that go bump in the night.” Dean tells him, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. “You should put it around your windows and doors. I just thought since you know now, you should know how to fend for yourself a little.”
“Pamela !” He yells when he sees her. “What the hell do you think you’re doing ? Did you even look at what blood pressure you wrote down ?! 110 over  65 ! I took Dean out to walk because you told me that Milton cleared him, when he didn’t ! He passed out, and his IV ripped out, and now all of that unnecessary pain and extra recovery time is on you, all because you were too damn busy to tell someone that his blood pressure was too low !” Cas finishes in a huff, realizing that everyone in the hall has stopped to stare and listen.
Dean decides to talk to Sam about this the next day. “Can you do anything? Is it possible?” Dean fidgets with his hands, avoiding his brother’s gaze. They’re sitting in “Benny’s Brews”, the first time Dean has left his home in days. He has bags under his eyes and his hair is wild, but despite all this, he is the happiest Sam has ever seen him. He widens his hazel eyes, tapping his fingers on the wooden table they’re currently sitting at. “I’ll see what I can do, Dean.”
Castiel unintentionally watches as the blonde man lightly pins his companion to the wall. Dean kisses the woman several times before they make their way down the short hallway to Dean’s bedroom. The Angel hears the door click softly shut, followed several seconds later by the distinct sound of a male moan- Dean.
Cas climbs up the stairs to Dean’s room, pushing open the door. Dean is sitting on his bed waiting.  He looks a lot different now than when Cas first met him. His skin is a shade of bronze, and freckles are visible sprinkled across his nose. His eyes are brighter, and he looks so much healthier. He looks beautiful.
Castiel never returns back to his own home after those few weeks at Dean’s house. They never really acknowledge it, but nearly all of Castiel’s stuff is moved in now, and he stays there every night. Gabriel has decided to put his place in Colorado up for sale, and is in the process of moving his stuff in his younger brother’s house. Cas graciously offered it to him and he accepted, toying with the idea of opening some sort of restaurant in town. Gabriel has always been a smart investor, and he has some money set aside for a business venture- this seems like the perfect time to put it to use.
Dean doesn’t sleep willingly anymore, he just waits until he’s too tired that he’s forced to. If he lays down to bed deliberately, he ends up thinking about how he spent four years in Hell. Or he falls asleep and dreams about it instead. It’s such a shock to his system to be back above ground, in the light, essentially thrown back into his past life, when he had honestly thought he was going to die there. And he feels bad for disrupting everyone’s lives, again. They must have been finally healing…Sam would be graduating soon, and Jo would be starting high school, Dad must be gaining headway with his business with Bobby…..
Cas couldn’t be more grateful that his boyfriend is healthy now, but he shamefully struggles internally with something akin to PTSD. He gets nightmares about that day, watching the men torment Dean over and over again when his eyes are closed. He hides it well from his lover, the occasional bouts of anxiety when Dean leaves his sight…His shame is /so/ strong, he has no right to feel this way when the other man was the one who was actually attacked. He is wiping at his eyes one day while he washes dishes, so lost in thought that he doesn’t hear the other man approach him from behind.
Cas comes in with a smile “Hey, Dean. I brought you some things.” He stopped at the hospital gift shop before he left, and picked up some chocolates and a tulip. He shows them to Dean, who smiles and takes the chocolate immediately.
“Cas really likes you, you know.” Gabriel tells him, taking a bite of a piece of licorice that he seemingly pulled from nowhere. “You break his heart…” He motions his hand across his throat, making a sharp sound. “That’ll be the end of ya.” Dean nods, completely understanding the big-brother act. Hell, he’s done it himself many times.
In all the ways Castiel imagined his walk going, this was not it. How many times had he wished for something interesting to happen in his life? It seems he got more than he bargained for.
Cas just stares at the sky. He can’t believe that Dean did all this…it’s so romantic, it’s perfect. He turns to him and sees him down on one knee, with a ring in his hands. Cas kisses him deeply before he pulls back and touches their foreheads together.
“Dean ! Dean, it’s okay. You’re alright, I’ve got you.” Cas struggles to stop Dean’s thrashing. He gathers him in his arms and crushes him to his chest, rocking him. “Shhh….shh…”
Dean is sitting on his bed with his face hidden in his knees when Castiel first comes back to work. He sits next to him and puts a gentle hand on his back. “Champ ?”
Of course, he can’t know that Dean has been struggling with the acceptance of his sexuality for many years now. He’s embarrassed that he’s embarrassed about it, and it does nothing but fuel the internal embers of hatred for himself that have always burned low in his gut. He wouldn’t think twice about anyone else coming out as bisexual, even if it were Sam, but for some reason, he can’t let himself off the hook about it.
. I know that it’s difficult right now, and it hurts, and it seems like nothing is working, but trust me when I say that you’re doing amazing. It wasn’t your fault that you passed out, that was a fault on part of the staff, and maybe even me. I apologize for that Dean, I really do. But you can make it through this, and I’m going to be here for you through all of it.”
“I know what you mean.” Cas murmurs. “I’m tired of talking about all the wrongs we have to right. And I just want to have one conversation that doesn’t involve the advice of ‘praying about it.’ I don’t even know if I believe in God…” Cas admits quietly. “I believe in my cause, but I don’t know if I buy into the whole divine power thing. Maybe that comes with seeing the way things are out here….” He glances over at Dean for a brief moment. “I’m scared to even mention that I’m homosexual around my group- they’re all so God-driven that I’m afraid I’ll be shunned. My best friend of eight years doesn’t even know that I’m gay….” Cas doesn’t even know where that confession came from, but it just seemed like the type of ‘real’ thing that Dean was referring to.
“I know. I didn’t want to bring back bad memories for you, but I know now that we need to trust each other. We’re living together now…” Cas gives him a tentative smile.
these past months. It’s just like old times, except it’s better. Dean is home, and he’s with Cas, and all they have to do is talk. Dean doesn’t have to grab his gun and run off in the middle of it, and Cas doesn’t have to walk back alone to his camp. They can just stay here for as long as they want.
“It’s okay…don’t strain yourself.” The dark-haired man reassures him, patting his forearm soothingly.
Dean nods gratefully. Cas’ pager beeps, and he apologizes before quickly exiting the room, and Dean is alone again.
They pull up to Cas’ place, and he wipes his sweaty palms on his pants. “You could come in, you know. If you wanted. If Sam isn’t waiting for you…”
He watches Dean pace for a minute, before sitting down and leaning against the bed. “Make it stop.” He pleads.
“You don’t think he already doesn’t ?” Cas asks pointedly. “Keeping it bottled up isn’t going to fare well for him either.”
“I’m coming Dean ! Where are you ?” John is already heading for the woods, where the screams seem to be coming from.
They spend some more time in Castiel’s room, just relaxing and getting their bearings after the hunt. It’s really nice, having friends over and not dealing with the usual loneliness and isolation. Cas feels grateful that he met the Winchesters.
Dean pushes open his bedroom door, walking inside. He takes a deep breath, and is hit with a familiar smell- it’s musty, and smells faintly of smoke and leather. Everything is exactly where he left it- pack of cigarettes still stashed under a floorboard, dirty t-shirts still thrown over the chair, bed still unmade. Dean could almost pretend that this was four years ago, and he had just come home from the party. Almost, but not quite.
The Dean Winchester Charming Smile #2 is flashed at him. “Well Cas, you sure do know the way to my heart.” He follows him to the expansive kitchen. Cas stops short, wringing his hands.
It took me entirely too long to write this because I was trying my best to not make their relationship feel forced. Please leave me some feedback! :)
He can’t sleep that night, for obvious reasons. Every sound outside makes him jump, and he’s sure he must’ve replayed the scene of the snarling werewolf 100 times over in his mind. Sam had killed it like it was nothing, hadn’t even batted an eye. He must only be about 14 or 15- and then Dean, the way he spoke about it, called it hunting. He also mentioned that their uncle knew, so it must be normal for them.
“Of course not Dean, patient-therapist confidentiality is always in order. Only things you would like me to tell Cas will be revealed to him. Now, may I ask if you ever attempted to act on those suicidal thoughts/feelings ?”
Dean scrubs a hand over his face, bustling around the room to collect all his things. He’s not sure how he feels about going home- he’s waited for so long, but now the prospect of seeing his old life seems so scary. So many memories… Even just putting on his old clothes this morning seemed wrong, like he was trying to be past-Dean.  He sighs and sits down on his bed, waiting for the discharge papers to be taken care of. Cas enters the room to say goodbye.
never allowed to have friends over until ten o’clock at night, but of course Dean is. Dean is the golden child, the wonder boy. It eats Sam up inside to think things like this, but he can’t help it. Ever since that night four years ago, everything has been about Dean. Even though he was gone for all that time, it never stopped being about him. They had still celebrated his birthday, and bought his favorite foods, and took care of his car. They started going to church and avidly praying, doing anything they could to try to bring him home.
I will admit, it has been a LONG time since I've written smut. I hope I didn't  do too badly. However, there will be more where that came from in the future of this fic ;)
The duo has only physically touched once or twice before, but the gesture now grounds Dean and has the desired effect of quelling his dark thoughts. “Do you mean that? It’s okay if this is just your job, I get it. You didn’t ask for me.” He avoids Castiel’s gaze and instead looks across the backyard to the fire point of the setting sun where it burns a dark amber low in the sky. It makes his eyes sting a little, but it’s better than seeing whatever Cas is about to say next reflected in his blue orbs.
Henrikson enters the room and washes his hands. “Hello Dean, how are you ?” They exchange the proper greetings and Henrikson starts his physical exam. He takes Dean’s vital signs, checks his reflexes and hearing. “Everything looks good so far. Could you remove your gown please ?” Dean hates this part- the part where he has to have his scars assessed. The majority of them have faded as much as they can, but the few prominent ones are still big reminders for Dean. He squeezes his eyes shut as Victor pokes and prods his back. “They’re looking good, healing quite nicely.” He clears Dean to be physically fit and dismisses him to the waiting room.
“I never meant to disrespect you, Winchester.” He uses the last name printed on the front of Dean’s helmet.
Dean starts improving in leaps and bounds, and with everything going on in his life he doesn’t have time to regress anymore. He got a job as an auto body detailer now, and he takes Sam out for fun things, and goes on dates with Cas frequently.
Cas is waiting in the parking lot in the car. He’d stayed in case Dean needed him. When Dean climbs into the shotgun seat, he tentatively asks “How’d it go ?”
Castiel considers himself to be reasonably intelligent, but he just can’t wrap his brain around this.
They arrive and sit at a table, sipping coffees. A few people recognize Dean and are whispering, but he ignores them in favor of ‘talking’ to Sam.
No, I haven't forgotten about this story ! It's just very slow-going. While you all are waiting on updates for this one, feel free to check out my other fics... (: However, I am determined to finish this one at some point !
The panic in his voice seems to snap Cas into reality. As he looks at Dean, he really /sees/ him for the first time in weeks, perhaps. His eyes are almost sunken into his face, the dark circles beneath them indicative of a combination of the lack of sleep and the intense stress he is now almost sure that Dean is afflicted with. His collar bone seems more prominent-he looks far too close to the Dean Castiel had first met than to the Dean Cas has fallen in love with. Cas sits on the bed, brain still catching up to what his eyes are seeing. Dean stares back at him, flipping the covers over his legs as he moves to get up.
“You were listed under Dean Winchester’s emergency contact list. He was injured in Afghanistan. He’s being flown back to the states.”
” They chant in unison. “Happy New- !” Dean’s exclaim is interrupted by Cas’ lips colliding with his own. Cas pulls away after a moment and rests their foreheads together. “Happy New Year, Dean.”
Sam goes to talk to Jodi Mills later that day. He explains what his brother had told him that morning. “I think he really wants this, Jodi.” He tells her earnestly.  “Are there any leads? Can he stay with them?” He’s started to grow attached to the baby himself, and he would like to see nothing more than see him stay in his brother’s care.
Dean pulls Castiel into an unexpected hug, burying his tear-streaked face in his shoulder. Cas rubs his back lightly, feeling the ridges and grooves of his scars even through the gown. They stay like that for several minutes before Cas helps Dean to settle back down and take a breather.
Dean wakes up one morning and decides that he wants to go out. He recruits Sam and they get into the Impala, en route to a local coffee shop. It’s been too long since Dean has driven his baby, and the prospect excites him. He wants to go out today, and not be cooped up in the house, moping around.
Sam has Dean tell him about Cas- of course he’s mentioned him to his brother, but in his gruff, Dean-like way that didn’t disclose too much information. He’s like their dad in that way- a caring man in his heart, but sometimes closed off and a little reluctant to admit his true feelings. This time, he /really/ talks about him. Their conversation is interrupted when a man of short stature appears in front of them.
Dean sits in the helicopter with Milligan, trying not to cry out of relief. They’re finally getting out, finally going home. No more heat and sand and dirty water, no more bullets and blood and dead friends….He’ll get to see Sam again, and sleep in his own bed, and eat as much pie as he wants.
“I’m aware.” Dean crosses his arms over his chest, suddenly conscious of the fact that he is shirtless in front of Cas. “Haven’t had much to say.” He adds, averting his eyes to the worn carpeting.
“If he doesn’t accept you for who you are, then I don’t think he’s worth it as a friend. And for the record, if there is a God, I don’t think it matters to him who you love.” Cas doesn’t answer, and they lay together in silence for a while, staring up at the sky. “Do you ever think about the fact that people back home are looking at the same sky ? They’re seeing the same stars as we are, right now.” Dean looks at Cas as he tells him this. Cas never reacts to things the way he expects them to; he wonders if now will be any different. He doesn’t say anything for a few minutes, and at first Dean doesn’t think that he heard him, but then he speaks.
“Follow the stream !” Dean calls back, his voice hoarse. He shrinks down, leaning against a tree. The blood makes him remember all the blood from the first time Alastair whipped him; how it ran down his back in rivulets, pooling on the floor beside him.
Castiel has never made love like this. Has never ‘made love’, period. He knows this now, after years of being in an almost exclusive sexually-based relationship. Bal asked and received, while Castiel was more of just a pawn. Now, being here with Dean, the most kind, selfless, /beautiful/ man he has ever known, the sexual experience is a thousand times more magnified. He feels every thrust, every kiss, every touch fueled by his boyfriend’s love like he’s on an intense ecstasy trip. His orgasm sneaks up on him, his grip slipping on Dean’s sweaty shoulders. He switches to gripping his dirty-blonde hair instead, ripping a primal sound out of him that tips Castiel over the edge and has him spilling his release between them. Dean follows not thirty seconds after, emptying himself into the condom.
“I’m sure they appreciate that very much. I would love a home cooked meal every night.” Castiel says wistfully.
Dean lays flat on his back after that, staring at the ceiling. Benny sits on one side of his bed, a few feet away so as not to crowd him. Cas does the same, forgetting that he was supposed to be going home after a 36 hour shift. Castiel falls asleep, and is woken up by Benny about forty-five minutes later.
“You’re right. The exact same sky.” He says, almost wistfully, like he wishes that the sky was a private thing between him and Dean. He wishes that it was only theirs, someplace they can look when they want to get away from it all and be real. He likes that expression now, ‘being real.’ It’s like everything else is fake unless you put your own meaning behind it, give it your own breath and a piece of yourself. That’s what Dean wants, he wants Cas to share little pieces of himself. Not shallow little details, but the clear cut things that define him. He wants reality out here in this wasteland. And Cas won’t be the one to deny him.
The Child Protective Services visit and interview the next week are nerve-wracking. Cas keeps smoothing down his over-gelled hair anxiously, while Dean holds the small boy on his hip and clings to him like a lifeline.
“Dean ? Can you hear me ?” Benny asks, pulling out a pen light to shine in his eyes. Dean lets out a small groan and bats his hand away, getting a chuckle out of Benny. “You passed out, but you’re going to be just fine. Just a little blood pressure problem, nothing we can’t fix.”
“It will take time….but you’ll see him smile again.” Cas says, even though you’re never supposed to make promises to a patient’s family. He’s searching for something more comforting to say when Dean’s parents appear in the doorway. Cas quietly slips out and lets them have time with their son.
“I’ll protect you. Nothing bad will happen to you again…I’m right here.” Cas speaks in a soothing voice, not patronizing, but comforting.
Dean looks fantastic tonight, in a tight black t-shirt and dark jeans that hug his butt. Cas can’t help but feel the heat rising to his cheeks as he watches him walk in front of him. They grab a picnic table and watch the band set up. Cas squints his eyes, he could swear the drummer looks like…
. “I feel as though sometimes the other doctors in this hospital forget that patients are people, and not just a diagnosis.” Cas mutters as he helps Dean with a nasal cannula. “There, is that better ? No more burning sensation ?”
Cas and Dean haven’t seen each other since August. Dean doesn’t know whether Cas went back home, or they just haven’t run into each other, period.
“Because I don’t go. My Uncle Bobby said I could only hunt full time if I finished school, so I took accelerated classes and graduated early. Don’t think it’s quite what he had in mind, but it works.” He shrugs again, entirely too nonchalant for the context of the conversation.
“I did too. I’m glad that we decided to stop beating around the bush.” He adds, grinning. Dean swallows hard after, taking a step closer. “I…” Cas darts out and gives Dean a firm, yet gentle kiss on his cheek.
The clock reads just after 3am when Castiel wakes again. One glance to his left shows him that Dean is awake as well. His brow is furrowed, and he sits up. “Do you hear that?” Tilting his head, Cas /does/ start to hear it- a strange sound in the not-too-far distance. “Stay here.” Dean instructs him, standing up.
The facility itself is beautiful, with lots of outdoor space to think and confront his demons. He spends a lot of time outside in the lush, gorgeous garden. He knows Castiel would love this part of the property. He sits on a concrete bench there and thinks or writes. Occasionally Dean will snort- his former self would think he’s a wussy for keeping a journal. Yet, it helps. He puts down the thoughts he would never say out loud for fear of hurting someone.
, the day that Dean proposed. Cas wants white lilies and Dean wants lilacs, so they create a bouquet featuring both, so the wedding colors are white and lavender. There will be around 130 guests, and they’re still working on a menu that’s affordable and will serve that many people. Dean loves doing the planning with Cas, because he knows how much he enjoys it. His face lights up as he discusses things with Dean, and he’s really going all out. He buys wedding magazines and watches those wedding shows, jotting down ideas. He’s constantly on the phone with Jess, exchanging ideas.
Dean doesn’t pay much mind to the fact that he just admitted to liking men. He’s been open about his bisexuality since he was fifteen, when he first came out. He’s never really run into a problem enough to hide it. He supposes that’s really fortunate, and he does appreciate the kind people of the town for that.
“Your parents still aren’t home?” Dean looks at him for the first time that night. Cas shakes his head silently.
After that week of rest, Castiel is feeling a lot better and more energetic. Dean has arranged for he and Sam to meet at his place so he can cook them dinner. Cas is less apprehensive for this meeting than he was the first time, and he finds himself cracking jokes about his leftover, healthy organs.
“You know, I think my car might need some more work done.” Cas smiles weakly, even though he knows Dean isn’t awake to see it. “So you might want to wake up soon. Don’t be selfish.” He attempts to crack a joke, hoping with all his might that somehow his words are getting through to Dean. “It’s only been one day and I’m going crazy that I can’t have a conversation with you.” He rubs his thumb over Dean’s hand. The man’s knuckles are also bruised, from punching one of the attackers in the nose.
He meets Sam down the street, and he hops on the pegs of his bike as they race toward a bridge at the edge of town.
“No thank you, I’m used to walking. My house is close- well, you know that.” Cas gestures vaguely and looks down, embarrassed. Dean is so tough and handsome, and Castiel is just a boring high school student, a nobody. He finds it hard to meet the other boy’s eyes.
Cas is very pleased to see him. It has only been a couple of months, but Dean has become a constant in his life and the two weeks without him have been slightly lonely. He still hasn’t made too many acquaintances in town, so most of his social contact comes from Dean or his work. He checks the time.
"Cas, I'm covered in scars and burns. That's not beautiful to anyone." He looks down at his hands in his lap, scooting away a little. "I'm sorry I ruined everything again."
Dean has a check up with the hospital scheduled soon. It feels like a lifetime ago that he was last here- so much was different then. It’s kind of nice in a way to see all the old familiar faces, like Missouri and Benny. They were people who had treated him so kindly when he was at his lowest point, and he hasn’t forgotten that.
It’s early winter now, and the pair spends most of their days in Dean’s room. They mostly watch 80’s movies or ‘Dr.Sexy, M.D.’ Sometimes they listen to music, or ‘talk’- Cas speaks and Dean writes. He hasn’t spoken again since that day, but Cas doesn’t pressure him. He recognizes that it’s Dean’s defense mechanism and that he’ll speak when he’s ready. It isn’t weird though, being with silent Dean. It’s kind of nice to have someone who doesn’t feel the need to fill every silence.
Dean dreams that he’s back in Afghanistan, watching one of their own go down. Blood flows out of him, and he’s dying even as Dean runs toward him. When he gets close enough, it’s not Henrikson or Lafitte laying there, it’s Cas, his face contorted in a mask of pain. “Help me” He begs Dean, but the life is leaving him faster than Dean can save him. He tries so hard to stop the bleeding, but Cas flops around with the reactions happening in his body, and he dies just as Dean is saying “Don’t leave me.” Cas’ begging fills Dean’s ears, and he’s crying in Cas’ bed, face buried in the pillow. Cas is there to comfort him, wrapping his arms around him.
“What…what was it like ? What was it like being with Alistair ?” Cas knows he shouldn’t bring it up, especially when they’re having a nice evening, but his curiosity has been killing him. He believes that the next step in their relationship is to break this iceberg once and for all. He needs to understand Dean better.
“I’m fine, just nervous I think.” His stomach seems to twist even as he’s speaking. The thought of eating could not be less appealing to him, but he simply can’t pass up this night. It’s too important to Dean, and to their relationship. He takes a step forward and doubles over.
Castiel sits in the waiting room of the local hospital, sipping a tasteless cup of coffee while sandwiched between Sam and Mary Winchester. His red-rimmed eyes stare blankly ahead- he is too lost in thought to pay attention at the moment. He already ran through the day’s events with the paramedics, then the police, and then his boyfriend’s family- yet he still can’t stop replaying it over and over again. He can’t help but think that if he would have just done something himself, this never would have happened in the first place. As if Sam can read his mind, the younger man places a hand on his shoulder.  “You know….our dad was on the force. A couple of times he was the one laying in that bed, beat up as all hell….” Sam starts but then trails off, taking a deep breath. “But he always made it out. He could be laying there with both eyes swollen shut and he’d find a way to be the one making /us/ feel better. He was strong…Dean’s a lot like him.” He finally turns his head to look at Cas, and Cas meets his eyes. He wants to believe Sam, but his fear is crippling him.
“Sometimes, you can’t change people’s opinions. And that’s okay. We don’t have to prove anything to anyone.” Cas tells him gently.
A few moments later, as if on cue, the fireworks begin. Dean watches Cas’ face more than the fireworks. His eyes are big and alight like a childs, as he takes in the bursts of color in the sky. “They’re so beautiful…” He mumbles in awe. He scoots closer to Dean, and they cuddle as they watch together. It's easily the best night of Cas' entire life. The show lasts about forty five minutes, a gorgeous display of shape and color, the perfect way to end their date, and the summer.
He likes his nurse, Missouri, a lot. She speaks quietly and she’s gentle, and she doesn’t pressure him into speaking. He also likes the young doctor he saw briefly earlier, although he hasn’t interacted with him much. But he saw in his eyes intelligence and kindness, not the hunger to know and understand what has happened to him.
She smiles kindly. "Well, from the looks of it, the house is perfect for a young child to grow up in. And the two of you seem fit to take care of one. I wish it were that simple, but there's still a long process you two-or should I say you three- will have to go through." Ms. Barnes stands up, shuffling her papers. "You already know that you must be married. There are a few other technicalities. In the state of Kansas, leaving a child without provision for their identification for a period of thirty days is considered abandonment. We've covered that. This means that the little cutie will need a name. Think about it. I'll be in touch." She shakes both of their hands and waves to the little boy.
This chapter skips around a bit too, but I did a lot more elaboration on how Dean is doing post trauma, and a little insight to what he endured while he was kidnapped. I hope it's not getting too annoying to keep focusing on Dean's declining mental state and what not....thoughts ? In hindsight, this whole chapter probably doesn't make sense. I don't even know.
After several more hours of investigation and deliberation, the police department decides that the two men may take care of the child until his parents are found. They see no reason to put him in a shelter or foster system quite yet, and having Dean and Castiel take care of him for now seems like their best option. The local hospital donates supplies for them to use, and Mary comes over to show the boys the ropes on how to care for an infant.
“You should come over sometimes.” Dean finally looks up. His phone rings, breaking the moment. He quickly washes his hands and steps away to take the call.
Castiel leads them to his room and en suite bathroom. Sam stays in the bedroom, checking out Cas’ comic collection, while Dean parks himself on the edge of the bathtub.
A few hours later, Cas is gathered in a room with only a small group of people- all the same people that have treated Dean since he’s arrived. There’s Henrikson of course, then a kindly nurse named Missouri, an amicable nurse named Pamela, an older resident Benny, and then Dr. Balthazar Milton, who is currently speaking. “We are moving Dean from ER to ICU, but unlike normal treatment, we are going to keep all of you on call for his care. There will be no switching shifts or rotations until he is given a clean bill of health and released. None of us can imagine what he’s been through, and we want to make it as easy as possible on him. No surprises, no more unfamiliar faces. Thank you, you may all go.”
“Would you like something to drink, or eat?” The polite church boy still resides in him, a habit that he’s never quite broken.
Dean wonders how long the letter will take to reach Cas, and what he’ll think of it. He hopes that Cas will remember saying “keep this as a real, touchable, personified version of us,” back when he first ripped the page out of that book for Dean. He’s never forgotten that night.
On the Sunday morning before Thanksgiving, Cas arrives at the Winchester house with his bags packed. Dean helps him settle into his new quarters, and they spend the day competing against each other in video games. That evening, the weekly family dinner is still held- with Cas joining them for the first time.
It has been decided that they’ll have a backyard wedding here at the house, and the reception will be held here as well. It’s going to be a late evening wedding, with sparkling lights wrapped around the trees and lanterns hanging everywhere. They custom ordered a silk aisle-way to lead up to the altar, and they’re renting white folding chairs and some banquet tables. The live music will be a pianist and then a local band later on. That’s as far as they’ve gotten on the planning, but they’re in no rush. Both Dean and Cas want everything to be absolutely perfect.
“Yellow eyes, you say?” She repeats Cas’ words. He nods, tilting his head in confusion at her reaction.
When it’s time for Dean to leave, Cas refuses to help him pack up. He won’t say see you later, and he won’t let Dean go. He stands at the front door with him, gripping his forearms. “Don’t go. Stay.” Dean strokes Cas’ hair, “I have to go. I have a house and Sam…I have to.”
Mary peeks in and sees them laughing together, and the sight brings tears to her eyes. Cas is such a blessing to them, especially for Dean. He’s really come out of his shell since they’ve started hanging out more, and even though they haven’t gotten him professional help yet, she believes that he’s slowly healing.
"I'm worried about you, Dean. I don't...I don't want to lose you again." Sam looks at his feet and sits down next to him. "I had to live without you for four years... and yeah so it wasn't as bad as what you went through, but things around here weren't a picnic either. I just want my big brother back." He wipes away some stray tears.
It is 1pm on a Tuesday when someone knocks on the front door of the home he and Cas share. Dean answers it after dragging himself from bed after the tenth knock. Even his lackluster curiosity has got him wondering who would keep knocking when someone clearly does not want to answer it or isn’t home. He opens the oak door to find Meg, his former therapist. She pushes her way inside without a greeting. “I had a feeling I’d find you here. The garage says you stopped showing up. Wanna tell me why that is? Wanna confirm my hunch that Cas doesn’t know about this?” A barrage of sharp-toned questions fly from her mouth. Her arms are crossed over her chest- she’s clearly pissed. Dean pulls the blanket around his shoulders tighter over his body and braces himself for the tongue-lashing she is likely to continue giving him. He motions for her to sit; he has enough sense still left in his rotting brain to know she won’t be leaving without at least a conversation first.
A few minutes later, Pam enters Dean’s room again. “Milton said he’s busy, but that Cas can take you if you want. I mean, Dr. Novak.”
Cas feels like the wind is knocked out of him. He vaguely feels Sam’s hand on his shoulder “C’mon Cas, let’s go see him.” He stands up, feeling numb, and follows Dr. Barnes to Dean’s room- 302. She knocks on it, “Dean, you have some visitors.”
A lot of people are intimidated by being alone with someone who is injured or sick in the hospital, especially young people like Sam. Cas nods and pulls a chair up beside him. He watches Sam place the worn giraffe on Dean’s bedside. “Mom says it was his favorite when he was really little.” He tells Cas, not taking his eyes off Dean. “Her and my Dad are in the waiting room. She said she doesn’t know if she can handle seeing him like this.” He looks down at his hands, then back up at Cas. “How is he doing ? You can tell me, the honest truth.”
“Yeah, I mean, it happened.” Castiel tries and fails to perfect Dean’s casual shrug from the night before.
The time spent at the cabin puts a few things into perspective for Dean. He comes to terms with one of the hardest realizations of his life, and makes an even harder decision. His boyfriend was right; he does need help in a more permanent setting. It’s going to be scary, uncomfortable, and confusing, but he’d do anything to get out of this funk and that seems the most logical answer. When he discloses this to Cas, he puts on a brave face but Dean knows that he’s scared for him too. The conversation revealing this to his family is a long and hard one. He has to explain to them why this seems so sudden when in reality he was hiding a lot from everyone. It hurts his chest to see his mother cry, but it solidifies that he’s doing the right thing. The green-eyed man doesn’t have to witness that anymore if he can pull through this depression.
He goes to collect his things from the on-call room and drives home. He has the entire rest of the day until the evening off, and he starts it with a long nap. After his sleep, Cas takes a hot shower and makes himself a nice dinner. He lives alone in a decent sized house in the nice part of town- his parents wouldn’t have it any other way. Although he lives alone, Cas wouldn’t say that he is lonely. He has his brothers and sister, and he has his work. He doesn’t need a boyfriend, or a pet, or constant daily visits from his parents. Maybe sometimes he would like a friend, but for the most part, Castiel is content with just peaceful existence.
“Because it means that if you’re cleared…you can sign the adoption papers within a year.” Sam tells him.
If he was to die this time, he would be okay, because Cas knows that he loves him. That’s the best thing he could ask for.
Dean holds up his old whiteboard, which reads “I’m sorry for being a burden. You’re not getting paid to take care of me anymore, yet I’m still bothering you.”
“It was no problem. And thank you for the lovely dinner.” Cas bids them farewell and heads out to his car.
The other boy nods, his long hair flopping over his forehead with the motion. “Our dad used to take us all over the country, but Uncle Bobby said we could stay with him for stability. Wanted us to go to one school, be settled.” He seems grateful. “Our dad is still out there though. And sometimes Dean goes on a solo hunt, but he usually sticks around here, or not far. He did one not too long ago, came back with the messed up arm. He won’t even tell me what happened.” That prompts Castiel to glance back over to the bar, where he can just barely see Dean back in the kitchen. They’re the same age, yet he can’t even fathom the weight on Dean’s shoulders and responsibilities he has.
Dean is shaking uncontrollably now, his breathing coming in rough gasps. He pulls his phone out and tries to dial Cas’ number, but his fingers are too clumsy in his current state. More people approach him to ask if he’s alright. He has a nice middle aged woman dial Castiel’s number for him.
“Of course, of course I will. What’s your address ?” Castiel writes it down on a piece of paper, his heart pounding. He gets into his SUV and drives toward the Winchester house right away, wondering the whole time what could be wrong.
Dean raises his head, and Cas can see that he’s been crying. It’s the first time he’s ever seen Dean get emotional, and he knows it must have all been bottling up. “Listen…I can’t say I know what you’ve been through, nor can I spout off facts about kidnapping or its victims. But medicine- medicine I do know. And that’s how I know that you
“Dean.” Cas practically breathes. He’s frozen for a moment before his training kicks in. “How are you feeling ?”
Sam has met Cas a few times now, and he can see how good he is for Dean. They’re opposites, yet they fit together like puzzle pieces.
"That's good news Dean, I think it could be very beneficial for both you and your family." Cas is secretly relieved, he had been becoming increasingly worried about Dean's state of well-being. "I miss you. I'll come see you soon."
Castiel rolls down the window “Sorry I’m late!” His eyes betray the amusement in his voice at his joke. He’s wearing soft, well-loved jeans with a long-sleeved light blue shirt. He steps out and he and Dean get the car prepped for Dean to do an oil change. Dean offers Cas a beer, and after a few, Castiel’s cheeks are flushed a light pink. He doesn’t often drink alcohol, so he feels pleasantly buzzed as he sits in the warm garage. He soaks up all the sounds, smells, and colors. There’s a few splashes of oil on the cement floor from his car, and he watches as the colors swirl around in the inky black, every so often catching a ray of light from the small window nearby. Dean hums to himself as he works, sometimes making conversation with Castiel. It’s Dean’s voice that breaks him from his reverie now.
The pair meet unspokenly at the same spot a few more times before Dean’s platoon moves. It’s nice for Dean to talk to someone other than a soldier in his unit, and it’s equally as nice for Cas to talk to someone who doesn’t talk incessantly about the bible and God’s plan for their mission group.
Dean proceeds cautiously. “You’re so beautiful.” He kisses along his boyfriend’s jawline, and Cas grips his shoulders. He squirms with his arousal. “This okay?” Dean checks- he knows Cas’ history and would never do anything that he didn’t want to do. Cas nods fervently and pulls him closer. Dean’s calloused hand slips down to Castiel’s jean’s, and he runs his hand over his obvious hard-on. Dean starts to rub him through his pants, enjoying the soft moans he is eliciting from his partner. “Feel good?” He asks him, increasing the pressure.
They get a lot of bad weather in the weeks that follow. January proves to be cold and snowy, just as the weathermen had predicted. But life doesn’t stop just for the frosty flakes, and Cas often finds himself driving to work in a near blizzard. This particular night is dark onyx, windy, icy, and snowing all at once, and it seems like Cas’ car is crawling along the road. The car in front of him turns on its hazard lights, so he moves into the next lane.
Get up. Shower. Eat. Talk to mom. Talk to Sam. Go on a walk. Listen to music. Text Cas. Go to the store. Eat dinner. Watch tv. Go to bed. Repeat.
speak right now. She stands and walks a few steps forward, before vanishing as if she was never there. Cas finally stands and runs to Dean.
“I can tell.” Dean huffs a laugh. “We’ll get her in tip-top shape though.” He pats the hood of the car lovingly. “She got a name?” He jokes.
“I don’t feel as bad, but I know I still have a long way to go.” Dean sighs. Cas doesn’t think he’ll ever get over how much he loves the sound of his voice.
It’s a little over two weeks until Christmas, and Dean is standing in a mall panicking. Nothing here seems fit for Cas. He knows everything that Cas likes, yet he can’t seem to think of anything. He thinks about it long and hard, about stuff that Cas would want. He thinks about buying Cas a bunch of big, ugly sweaters, because he’s obsessed with them, but that just seems…not right.
On the gurney is a guy about his own age, who actually looks vaguely familiar. He’s pale and dirty, and practically covered head to toe in lacerations and abrasions. Cas doesn’t get a better look than that before a voice yells “NOVAK ! Don’t just stand there, get a morphine drip, stat !” The voice belongs to his supervisor, Victor Henrikson, a second year resident. Cas scurries off in search of the IV bag, bringing it back and finally stepping into the room. Henrikson clears a few people out, but lets Cas stay so long as he stays out of the way. Cas stands in the corner, watching the nurses and residents work. They cut off the man’s clothing, and the sight horrifies Cas. It’s not often that he is perturbed while in the workplace, but this is the worse case of abuse he’s ever seen. There isn’t a clear patch of skin visible- it’s all bruised, scarred, or lacerated in some fashion. The bones are all prominent, leading Cas to believe that he hasn’t been properly nourished either. He watches with a sick feeling as the staff gently cleans the man’s extensive wounds and then attends to them and addresses them individually. Castiel is startled out of his trance when Henrikson approaches him with a chart. “I need you to fill out the patient’s chart and keep an eye on him while I speak with the police. I’ll debrief you when I can.” It’s a short, no nonsense conversation, one that Cas has come to expect from Victor. Cas sits down in the visitor’s chair and pulls out a pen, but the name at the top of the chart stops him in his tracks. ‘Dean Winchester’
He’s a little quieter around the house, but he’s still doing pretty well. Dean tends to stick around home a lot more again, but Cas doesn’t mind. He knows how hard Dean is trying and he’s been doing remarkably well for it just being mere months after his release from Alistair. The one thing that is worrying him is the nightmares that plague his boyfriend.
“Only seeing each other on the weekends, it doesn’t work Cas. I want…I want you to move in with me.” Dean said the words tentatively, afraid of rejection.
“You need to go home, brother.” One look at Dean, who is sleeping peacefully, and Cas agrees. He needs to try to distance himself, he’s becoming too attached to a patient. He’s a professional, for God’s sake, it’s practically the first rule of becoming a doctor.
Dinner with the Winchesters is something that Cas has come to enjoy immensely. They’re a real family- they ask about each other’s day, eat homemade meals, talk and laugh together. Cas wishes that he had grown up in a home such as this, instead of a sterile environment with high ceilings and every toy he wanted. They have the American dream- white picket fence, 2.5 kids. Maybe it got interrupted for a while, but now Dean is back and everything is in its place.
Sadly, mishaps like that happen in hospitals all the time, which I could tell you guys from experience. I wanted to include some of that in the story because its realistic- often things in a hospital don't run smoothly, between busy doctors and doctors who are just plain careless. Also, I wanted to put some struggle into Dean's recovery, because lets be honest- he's not going to just heal up and be fine. By the way, normal blood pressure for an adult like Dean is 120/80 (:
“Not funny.” Dean gripes, but he’s smiling. “No more hospital trips this time, eh? Sammy’s not /that/ bad.”
Dean turns over, and Cas straddles his hips. He grabs some scented oil and rubs his hands together. He kneads Dean’s tight shoulders and back, taking his time and placing gentle kisses down his spine. He works all the way to his lower back, before slowly rubbing his ass cheeks. “Wanna bottom for me today ?” He asks him sweetly.
Wow, so I'm back ! I'm so sorry I haven't updated in so long, my laptop has been broken :( It's fixed now though !
The pair are settled down across from their new fireplace one night when Cas turns to face Dean, looking unsure.
Dean wakes up about 10am, disoriented and confused as to why he slept on the living room floor. When the memories come back to him, he feels the familiar shame and doesn’t want to face his boyfriend. But he loves him, so of course he does. As he approaches Cas, his boyfriend smiles brightly as if nothing is wrong. It doesn’t even dawn on Dean at first as to why he is at home instead of the hospital. “Get dressed, we’re going out.” He tells him, blue eyes filled with excitement that Dean hasn’t seen in quite awhile.
“No….yes. Well, no, not today.” Castiel’s voice is small and his tone reluctant, but he leans into the blonde man’s embrace. It takes fifteen minutes of coaxing before the dam holding back Cas’ emotions breaks. He ends up crying on the couch to a bewildered Dean who is trying to piece together the blubbering. “A-and… you were….bleeding and I…” Cas stutters out, feeling even more terrible to release this on someone who was brutally attacked and actually went through the trauma.
It's been two days since then, and Dean won't eat or talk. He mostly just sleeps or lays in bed staring at the wall. Cas does everything to try to help him, but he's just too tired. He's been trying so hard that he feels utterly burnt out.
Disclaimer that I do not think that those who seek help in the form of mental facilities are "crazy"- this is simply just part of the story ! Leave me some feedback so that I will stay motivated to finish this.
Dean is put into a neck brace and strapped down to a stretcher as they prepare to load him into the ambulance. They ask Cas all kinds of questions, and he rattles off the answers in shock. He calls Sam on the ride to the hospital as he squeezes Dean’s hand. Sam’s voice sounds as panicked as his own, and he promises that himself and Mary are on their way.
He sings softly to ‘Smoke on the Water’ while wiping his hands on a rag. “Well, Cas, she’s all set for today.” He looks at him for a moment. “Dude, are you drunk?” Castiel’s eyes are slightly glossy and his cheeks are tinted red. Dean chuckles a little.
“Don’t mention it…I’ve missed you. Things have been really busy at the hospital; wintertime is always a mess, with the icy roads, you know…” He trails off to chuckle at Dean, who is scarfing down his chocolate. “You’ve got some…Jeez Dean, you’re messy.” He brushes his thumb over the corner of his mouth, wiping the chocolate away. Dean’s tongue darts out to playfully lick his tongue, and Cas pulls away. “Gross !” They both start laughing, and Dean shakes his head.
In the morning, Cas saves Dean’s room for last when he does rounds. He meticulously checks his vitals and all the equipment, before inspecting his IV bag and trying to decide if he should switch it out. As he stands there contemplating, beside him a pair of jade green eyes flutter open. It takes Cas another minute to notice, and when he does, it’s a shock. Dean’s eyes are gorgeous, bright against his pale skin and peeking out from underneath long lashes- and not to mention, he’s awake.
Cas sits on the other side of him, trying not to cry. On one hand, they’re so, so lucky. Dean is home early, and he’s going to be okay. But on the other hand….what if Dean doesn’t love him anymore ?
“Whatsa matter? Thought that’s what you liked.” The man sneers. His voice is nasally and his tone is taunting.
Dean thinks he has his brother and mother fooled that he is simply fixing up the car of a new friend. He doesn’t tell them that sometimes at night he dreams about Castiel- nothing weird, but definitely….different. He and Cas haven’t had a proper ‘hang-out’ together unless it was under the pretense of Cas’ stubborn old Continental. So really, what is there for Dean to tell? Fixing up the car really /has/ been all he’s been doing. He’s met with Castiel five or six times now, all within his garage. Don’t get him wrong, he has had a great time every single time but he sometimes wishes that they could go out in public together. Not a date, but maybe just a different kind of casual hang out.
Dean thrashes wildly, attempting to break free of their hold, but with three men against one he has no hope. He dodges a few hits, but when the yellow-eyed man gets a good blow to his head, he knows his luck has run out. His head swims, throbbing and still desperately trying to think of a way to escape these men. Dean feels blood trickling from his temple and the corner of his mouth, but as one of the men knees him in the stomach, that’s the least of his worries.
to leave. It’s been two years since they’ve met, and he thinks he’s known that he loves Dean for a while. He just wants him to stay with him forever, so they can watch the stars, and read, and go on picnics and watch dumb movies and kiss all night long. He just wants Dean.
“I mean, maybe not exactly…” Sam has mixed feelings- they are helping people, but it’s at their own expense. And the expense of their entire lives. There’s a large part of him that resents their father for dragging them into the life.
“It’s a date.” Dean replies, winking at him as he walks away, leaving Cas to drive home and replay those three words a half dozen times.
Cas gives her a slight smile as he administers some medicine into Dean’s IV line. “He’s doing remarkably well, we’re all very proud of him.”
Cas stays by Dean’s side every day. He brings him the letters to read, watching Dean’s determination as he tries to remember writing them.
It’s now 6:30am, and the living room that Dean and Cas share is packed with people. Sheriff Mills is there, along with a few others from the police department and Dean’s younger brother. Mary and Gabriel have been instructed to give them some space until the police and Sam, the town’s resident lawyer, can figure this situation out. It seems as though the boys have told their story a hundred times by now- they woke up, heard crying, and then bam- a baby appeared.
For some reason, I had trouble organizing this chapter- I feel like it skips around a lot. I hope it still makes sense....also, it's a little shorter, but I felt like it was completed. I wanted to do some more description about Dean's rescue, but I figured it wouldn't make sense for him to remember every little detail, what with shock and all that. I might do some more elaboration later....Thoughts on this chapter ?
“Nurse Cas, work your magic.” He carefully peels off his destroyed t-shirt, and Cas swallows hard at the sight of the other man shirtless. He grabs the small first aid kit from the under sink cabinet. “This is going to sting.” He warns, dabbing a cotton ball of disinfectant carefully over the scratches.
Cas vomits onto the sidewalk, his body in so much pain that he can’t even feel embarrassed. “I think something’s wrong.” He chokes out. The pain he had been denying all day is now very clear to himself, Dean, and a few bystanders. Someone calls an ambulance. Cas sits down on the curb, still bent over and clutching his abdomen. Dean sits by him, rubbing his arms and trying to keep his own panic in check. Castiel is normally so calm, and soft-spoken, he isn’t used to seeing a more anxious version of him and he’s trying not to let his own discomfort show.
“I was near a bomb when it exploded, and it gave me a brain injury- memory loss. I couldn’t remember Cas…that’s my boyfriend. I still feel really bad about it, because that must have been pretty hard for him.”
When they get back to the Winchester’s, Dean goes right to his room. Cas follows him silently, not sure if Dean wants to be alone. They sit watching his tv, but Cas can tell Dean’s mind is somewhere else.
“I love you…” Castiel’s voice sounds like a plead. “I know I should have said it earlier. I’m not just saying it because of…because of this. I mean it. Please, Dean, I love you…” Dean’s hand twitches in response. “Stay with me.” Cas tells him. “We’ll be at the hospital soon. It will be just like when I went, you’ll be fine.”
Dean agrees, and Cas comes to take Dean an hour later. “Milton checked him over ? He’s good to go ?” He double checks.
It takes John ten minutes to find Dean, who is sitting on the ground, soaking wet and covered in blood. He scoops him up in his arms like he’s a little kid again, and hurries back toward the house; no questions asked. Dean clings to him and cries into his shoulder, not caring that he’s twenty-one years old and he’s forcing his dad to carry him.
Cas has had a stomachache all day, but he’s convinced it’s just nerves. He paces around his house, worried about being able to consume the dinner they will be eating with Dean’s brother. He knows that his younger sibling is very important to Dean, and he irrationally worries that Sam won’t take a liking to him. He’s talked to his own brother, Gabriel, on the phone twice already, Gabe trying to calm him down and reassure him. The pain in his stomach gets stronger the closer it gets to the time they will all be meeting. Sam and Dean are driving together and Cas is meeting them at a casual restaurant.
Dean stares into the mirror sometimes, trying to remember what life was like before this. He thinks that perhaps maybe time doesn’t not heal all wounds at all- maybe that’s all one huge lie. Maybe instead, time has a way of filling you up with things, other things, better things…You wake up one day and you are a different person, one you never expected to meet. But maybe things were supposed to happen this way. At least that’s what Dean believes. Things were changed for the better, and he couldn’t ask for much more than that.
Most days it seems to Dean that there’s no real reason for anything. He watches the rain out the window and wonders why. He watches the minutes on the clock tick by and wonders why time even exists, why it matters. Food tastes bland to him anymore. He’s losing weight and his job is long gone. He doesn’t shower enough. He forgets to go to the bathroom until his bladder is almost bursting. He puts a tiny bit more effort in when Cas is home, but he is becoming increasingly busier at the hospital and Dean can’t bring himself to hold him back from something he’s worked so hard for and loves so much. He gives off the illusion to his family that he and Cas are often busy together and that is the reason why he doesn’t see them as much. In reality, most days Dean sits at home in the dark, ignoring the world that has hurt him so much.
Dean pretends to sleep so he can lay in his bed until Castiel comes over. He hears Cas’ telltale knock on his door.
“W-what?” Castiel can’t halt the embarrassing stutter that slips from his mouth. He’s shocked at Dean’s confession- he doubt the other man even heard his own, back in the parking lot at the bar. That means….he isn’t just saying it to say it back. He means it. The two men embrace silently.
“It’s okay Dean, you’re home. I’m right here, I’m here. Don’t cry, everything’s okay.” He wipes Dean’s cheeks and kisses his eyelids. “Sleep now. I’ll watch over you.”
The next day, they have lunch with Jess and Sam, and they break the news. Jess starts crying with joy, and even Sam looks misty-eyed. He hugs them both “I’m so happy for you.” Jess starts talking to Cas about wedding invitations, color themes, and flower arrangements. Sam and Dean discuss the guests and the date.
“My mom always used to tell me that when I was a kid.” Dean tells him, wondering why he’s oversharing to his boyfriend’s older brother whom he has just met not half an hour ago. Gabe swallows another piece of licorice. “It’s true. Always have been, for that kid.” Dean doesn’t understand what he means but doesn’t ask.
to make it through this. He sobs on the letter, crying out for Dean. “Oh God Dean, please. Come home, come back to me ! I need you, I need you…”
They’re quiet for several minutes before Dean speaks again. There is something else that has been on his mind for weeks now, and he almost rushes to get the words out while the invisible wall is broken down between them at the moment.
After cleaning up, they lay together in exhausted silence as they wait for sleep to come. Castiel already knows the nightmares will be gone tonight- he feels peace like he hasn’t known since before the incident. Dean falls asleep first, and Cas watches him for a few minutes before his own eyes drift closed.
At the same time, it’s scary for him. He has a hard time trusting Cas at first, he’s awkward and nervous around him. It takes a while to get used to the idea that they’re
Dean is locked in his room currently, shaking like a leaf. This is the worst panic attack he’s ever had, and the more he thinks about how he’s worrying his family the worse it gets. He just wants to crawl out of his skin.
Sorry I haven't updated sooner, I meant to update yesterday but then some stuff happened. Anyway, this is really fluffy, so enjoy.
“Mary and I talked about it, and we’re not sure it’s right for Dean specifically.” John says. “We don’t want him to have to relive it over and over…”
There is probably a lot of mistakes near the end, so sorry about that. I was hurrying to get this posted. So here's basically some insight on Dean's home life after everything that's happened...
“It is good to hear your voice. You have not spoken to me in two weeks.” Castiel watches Dean’s face for a reaction.
They stay in the ‘awkward cuddling stage’ for quite a while. They haven’t held hands or kissed yet, but they did go on one date to the movie theater. The movie was terrible and they left early to take a walk in a local park. It was that night that Cas realized he would do anything for Dean. He wanted to give him everything, and in return he just wanted Dean’s happiness. Dean could give him everything back with just one smile. It’s been six months now since he first saw Dean, back at the hospital. Six months that Dean has been released from torture…. He tries not to think that way anymore- Dean is more than just a victim.
He lays awake that night, with Dean’s arms around him. He tries not to think about sleeping alone when Dean eventually
“Someone once told me that it’s okay to be scared, it means you still have something to lose. Stay scared, Dean.”
He watches the outside world that he’s missed so much, listening to the old rumble of his favorite car. He flashes back to being seventeen for a moment; joy riding the car down a back road at night, trying to impress a girl in the passenger seat. He was so carefree back then, confident and...happy.
I know this chapter was a little bit random, and also kind of short, but I really just wanted to start writing and posting again to get back into thr swing of things. I hope you guys enjoyed it anyway ! And I hope my smut was at least halfway decent.
“I can’t believe Bobby let you take this one.” They start heading toward the Impala, parked a small way up the road.
Dean walks Cas to the door, and it shouldn’t give him butterflies but it does.  Dean gives him a tiny smile and a wave goodbye, and Cas wishes that he didn’t have to leave.
Even though everything is still messed up, having Cas there doesn’t freak Dean out as much as he thought it would. He supposes that after all his trauma, he should be more closed off, but he just can’t bring himself to shut everyone out. He spent so long without people there to care, he just can’t let it go now. Dean doesn’t care that he’s already becoming dangerously co-dependent on Cas- it doesn’t matter anymore. He’s clinging to anything he can, and the more Castiel allows it, the more he doesn’t push him away, the more Dean needs him.
He walks past Dean’s room and sees that it’s empty. He walks in on a whim and sits down after checking his stats. He hasn’t seen Dean’s eyes open once yet, and he fears that he’ll wake up alone and scared. Castiel must have been sitting there for almost twenty minutes when someone appears in the doorway. A lanky kid with long brown hair, clutching what looks like a small stuffed giraffe.
Cas feels tears in his own eyes, and he knows he’ll never forget the look on Dean’s face as he wrote that. He pulls him into a tight hug, rubbing the scars on his back. “You’re safe now, with me. He’s dead, he can’t hurt you anymore.”
Castiel now knows why he looks familiar- he was kidnapped in a town near his own, years ago. Cas was barely out of high school then… it had to have been, what, four years ago ? It was all over the news for weeks, and then suddenly everything just stopped. Cas looks up from the chart, to look at the patient again. Castiel has never known such tragedy- he grew up privileged, comfortable, and safe. The best private schools, the fast track to college, a large, loving family and a last name that made him well-known. He snaps out of his thoughts when he drops his pen, and resumes writing out the chart. “The lost boy has finally been found.” He thinks to himself.
Dean stares in horror at the man and backs away, embarrassingly enough, into a display. He ends up sitting amongst a pile of cans.
It seems so strange to him now just to be able to do whatever he wants- he can sleep in a comfortable bed, or listen to music, or watch tv. There’s no one waiting to beat him to a pulp, or yell vulgar things to him. Perhaps the weirdest thing was the lights and the colors. He spent four years in darkness and filth, and the two weeks in a bleached white hospital. But here, everything was bright and colorful, cheerful even. All of it was a shock to Dean’s system, and most of the time it left him just wanting to sleep the next four years away.
Dean hasn’t been to this place much, and Cas has never been at all, but they decide to pick something different than the Roadhouse. They soon realize their mistake as they notice a small group of men watching them. After a few minutes, they can clearly hear them making inappropriate and homophobic comments. Cas is used to hearing harsh slurs from his youth, and they had never really bothered him. He knew who he was and it didn’t matter to him what strangers thought. On the contrary, that kind of language is so rarely heard in this town that it starts to rile Dean up.
It takes Cas a moment to process why the other man is telling him this. “Oh! You would like some help.” He affirms. He sees the flush high on his lovers cheekbones.
“Wanna go for a walk ?” Dean writes. Cas agrees, and they go for a walk into the woods behind Dean’s house. Dean leads them on his favorite path, self-made from years of walking it. It leads out to a small stream and a slight clearing.
“But it’s possible?” Sam asks hopefully. Jodi nods, and they set to work on trying to gather the extensive paperwork they will need. Both agree not to mention it to anyone else, least of all Castiel and Dean, before they are positive.
“Castiel?” The boy looks at him in confusion, and he recognizes him as Sam Winchester, a boy from his high school several grades below him. The other male with him, currently on top of his own body, doesn’t look familiar despite his age being obviously closer to Castiel’s own.
Dean has been here for four months, he enlisted directly after 9/11. It’s like another level of Hell- the heat, the sand, the sounds, the blood…..This is war, and Dean won’t ever forget it. They’ve been stationed in this camp two weeks so far, surrounded by the desert and the relentless sun. It’s not the worst conditions they’ve been in so far, but not the best either. Which, out here, is pretty damn good. He sits on a rock, drinking dirty water out of his canteen, something he’s still getting used to. He thinks about Sam, about his face when Dean told him he was joining the army. The confusion there, the pain, the fear; nothing at all like the proud look his father gave him. It took joining the military to get that man’s attention and approval. Some days he feels privileged, and other days he regrets ever having the thought to join the army in the first place. He misses the little things, like clean water, good food, long, hot showers. He misses driving, smoking a cigarette, hell, even grass….Everything is the same here, bleached by the sun and weathered by the heat. The only way to tell the difference between the camps is by the direction the sun sets.
When they leave a few hours later, Cas throws a tip on the table despite Sam reassuring him that their sodas were on the house. He’s oblivious to Dean’s eyes tracking him from the kitchen at the action.
They go home and take a bubble bath together, talking about the wedding and when they’re going to tell everyone. Afterward, Dean leads Cas to the bedroom. He kisses him passionately, his tongue sliding into his mouth, tasting. He nibbles and sucks Cas’ bottom lip, before moving onto his neck. He makes tiny love bites and marks. “Gotta mark you up, so everyone knows you’re mine.” Cas shivers, and then switches their position so he’s on top. He runs his hands down Dean’s sides slowly, then cradles his hips. He kisses down his toned chest, stopping to lick teasingly over Dean’s nipples. Dean moans softly, so responsive to Cas’ touch. Cas kisses over his ribs, hot, open mouthed kisses. He nips at his hips, tracing Dean’s V lines with his tongue. Dean arches up against him, “Cas, stop teasing me.” His voice is husky with lust. Cas smiles against his skin and kisses lower. He pins Dean’s hips down and takes his length into his mouth, an inch at a time. Dean moans loudly and squirms. Cas peeks up at him and bats his lashes as he hollows his cheeks and sucks, moving down and then back up again, tantalizingly slow. He hums, and adds his hand to stroke the part that he can’t fit. Cas swirls his tongue and licks at the head, knowing how much it drives Dean crazy. He pulls off and Dean whines “Baaaabe.”
They took a hot bath together afterward, their legs tangled up in the bubbles as they sat chest to back. Dean had stroked up and down Cas’ arms absently, lost in thought. “This isn’t working.” He’d murmured. Cas sat bolt upright, panic settling in his chest. “What ?! Dean…”
“Thanks Missouri. I owe it all to you guys, and Cas of course.” He glances back at Cas, who is filling out some paperwork.
“Babe, you’re so beautiful.” Cas murmurs, mouthing at the skin of Dean’s throat. They’re laying tangled together on the couch now, panting against each other’s mouth.
Castiel gives his consent and Dean finally unzips his jeans and strokes him underneath his boxers. He grips Cas in his hand, flicking his wrist ever so slightly as he moves up and down. The sounds the man underneath him is making are causing his own arousal to make itself very well-known.
“I had a great time, Dean.” He cringes immediately, that was the most cliché thing he could have possibly said, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind.
Today, Castiel Novak was banished to what the staff refers to as ‘the pit’- aka, the emergency room. The interns detest emergency room time, because it seems to only be sprained ankles and stitches- they want the good stuff, the exciting surgeries and the trauma. This was one of those days that gave the pit its stereotype; quiet and uneventful, only full of sniffling children and elderly patients. That is, until a gurney is rushed in by frantic medics yelling vitals. It looked like a scene out of ‘Dr. Sexy, M.D’, all drama and excitement. Cas steps out of the way initially, but he’s one of the only interns in the ER today so he’s bound to get in on the action. He follows after the gurney and stands awkwardly in the doorway of the room, surveying the scene and trying to comprehend what’s happening.
John died while Dean was over in Afghanistan the first time he served. It was very hard for him, knowing that his father died alone, and he hadn’t been there to take care of him. He had flown back for the funeral, but took no extra time off. He just couldn’t face being home with all of his mourning relatives. It made him feel like a coward, and so he threw himself back into his duties overseas. Overall, it had been yet another devastating time for him. He’s just glad that now he’s past everything that happened, and he’s on to the good part of his life. He’s putting everything behind him now, in the best way.
“Swayze killed it in that movie. I mean, c’mon, who doesn’t love it?!” Dean sounds slightly defensive, but relaxes quickly. “Honestly, I think it was his pants. Those pants killed it in that movie.” He raises his eyebrows suggestively, with an almost flirty smile. “Nobody puts baby in a corner!”
sees Cas again. It keeps him grounded, it gives him something to look forward to. He doesn’t just blindly look ahead anymore, he takes it a day a time-
Dean looks up at the sound of Cas’ voice. He waits a few minutes before he hesitantly opens the door, pulling Cas inside and shutting it again.
A few minutes later and Dean is resting in a warm bath full of bubbles. Cas sits on a pillow on the floor next to the tub. He uses a loofah and softly scrubs Dean’s back. “That feels so good.” Dean’s voice sounds reverent. “Thank you.” He adds softly. Castiel cards his hand through Dean’s wet hair. “No trouble at all.”
The two men make their way into Dean’s house, and into the kitchen. The kitchen itself is small, but not cramped. Everything seems to be spaced in a way that makes it feel easy-to-use and welcoming. Castiel sits on a barstool at the island counter, watching Dean work. He himself can cook, but sometimes considers it daunting to cook a nice meal for only one person. Dean however, seems to enjoy it. Castiel can tell that he takes pride in his creations, and cooking seems to fall under that category as well. Dean chops vegetables and simmers sauce. Cas feels a slight twinge of guilt that once again, he is a bystander while Dean does all the work. He voices his concerns to him.
Castiel sets up an ‘appointment’ with Dean for the next week, with a hopeful flutter in his stomach and an undented bumper.
He learns that Gabriel is on Castiel’s emergency contact list, and that was why he was notified that he was here. He lives in Colorado, but was on his way to surprise his brother anyway. He had helped Cas to settle in a few weeks before, and after phone calls from him earlier that day, he decided that he wanted to come back to spend a little more time and possibly even meet the boyfriend his little brother had gone on and on about. “Now here we are.” He gestures. He seems remarkably calm for someone whose brother is in emergency surgery. Dean tells him as much, curious at his answer to his observation.
This is the type of thing the council is looking for: what can they fix within the creation of God that is Dean Winchester? Despite popular belief and misinterpretation, Castiel’s Father and the other inhabitants of Heaven are not against other sexualities that are not heterosexual. However, Dean’s own struggle to accept it is something that is of definite interest to Heaven.
It’s two weeks after the huge shoot out when the bomb- literally- drops. Dean’s platoon is bombed. Thankfully, he’s not standing close enough to it that he gets killed, but the damage is huge. Almost half the men are wiped out or injured, including Dean. He remembers the sound the best, the huge boom that reverberated in his chest, and the feeling of flying through the air. The bodies and body parts that hit the ground beside him, the human remains that splatter onto the sand. It’s like one of his dreams, except this is far too real, and the pain is suffocating him. Henrikson is screaming at him “Get up, get up !”
There will be one more chapter- the big wedding of course ! It will most likely be a shorter chapter but I wanted to include it to finish out the story.
Dean becomes Cas’ closest friend. They text whenever they can, and they hang out together quite frequently. He loves the whole Winchester family; they become his saving grace. Whenever he’s had a bad day at the hospital, he knows he can count on a warm meal and a place to crash if he doesn’t want to be alone. It’s been three months since Dean was first rescued, but to Cas, it seems like a lifetime ago that he didn’t have Dean.
Cas initiates a kiss, and Dean deepens it after only minutes. His lips glide against Cas’, and his hand wanders to smooth down his arm. He shifts until he’s hovering his body over Castiel’s. Cas smiles up at him with a timid expression. He finds Dean deeply attractive and has thought about him in unholy terms many times, but they haven’t gone further than making out thus far. His previous boyfriend, Balthazar, known to Cas as Bal, had completely crushed his heart. That was years ago now, but Cas would never forget that feeling as long as he lived. Bal was Castiel’s first everything- first love, first time, the first person Cas had ever given himself completely to. He had found out Bal was cheating on him, and when confronted, the other main claimed that ‘they were never exclusive.’ It took Cas months to accept the fact that they were over, and years after that to regain what he had lost to him. He was a stronger man now, but his social and sexual confidence were never quite what they were as a naïve 23 year old.
Sam calls his longtime girlfriend Jessica immediately to tell her the news. First, he boasts that his hunch was right, and then he spends almost twenty minutes delightedly telling her (as if she doesn’t already know) that Dean has never asked him for something like this. Dean’s ‘friend’ must be really something for him to ask Sam a favor like that.
“You know….I’m sorry.” He confesses. His blue eyes fill with tears faster than he can swallow them back. “I should’ve done more. It should’ve been me instead.” His hand drops from Dean’s hair into the water with a plopping sound.
Dean barks a laugh “You just disrespected soldiers everywhere yet you think you should give us water anyway ? What are you, one of those bible-thumpers that don’t ‘believe’ in the war ?”
Cas was so scared when he couldn’t find Dean in the platoon. He was even more afraid when they told him he was in the infirmary tent. His relief came soon enough when he found him sitting up and complaining, a little worse for the wear but nothing unmanageable. He had gotten shot the week before, and was still recovering. He swore up and down to him that he would recover faster now that he had seen him, and Cas believed him. Dean recited the quote back to him “Don’t forget Cas. That’s us.” Cas reluctantly told Dean that he would be leaving at the end of the month, to go back to the States…for good. He doesn’t want to leave Dean here, but he doesn’t have another choice. The mission is over, and there’s nothing he can do. He’s surprised though, when Dean smiles.
Dean goes to therapy twice a week for two hour sessions with a woman named Meg. She's snarky, no nonsense, but she gives damn good advice and she listens. She sympathizes when Dean spills everything he's been through, but she doesn't patronize him like everyone else does.
A nurse pokes her head in. “He awake yet?” Her name is Missouri, and she’s been very supportive of Dean and his family. She tells Cas that she has psychic abilities, and she seems so earnest that he’s inclined to believe her. She tells him that his relationship with Dean is the real deal, and that loving him through this will get them out of the woods. It sounds hokey, Cas knows, but he loves his boyfriend so much that he wills himself to believe it.
Dean’s letters have been a lot shorter lately, he barely has time to even sleep, much less write and send a letter. He often re-reads the previous ones that Cas has sent him, as a reminder that he has someone waiting for him back home. He misses Cas like an ache that won’t go away, a different ache from the ones he acquires in battle. Things get progressively more hectic, and Dean spends his days stumbling and scared through the desert, following orders and watching his back. It’s tough out here, the war is peaking and everyone’s on edge. The only question is, who’s going to fall off of it first ?
Wednesdays are Dean’s early days at work- he uses them to make sure everything is in order with the payments from his jobs from the previous week. He’s usually done about four, so this is the day he picked to meet with Castiel again. He waits patiently for him as he leans against the garage with a beer. He watches the Continental pull up the drive at 4:01pm.
“I have the deepest affection for intellectual conversations. The ability to just sit and talk. About love, about life, about anything, about everything. To sit under the moon with all the time in the world, the full-speed train that is our lives slowing to a crawl. Bound by no obligations, barred by no human limitations. To speak without regret or fear of consequence. To talk for hours and about what’s really important in life. “What can you ever really know of other people’s souls—of their temptations, their opportunities, their struggles? One soul in the whole creation you do know: and it is the only one whose fate is placed in your hands” Dean recites. “Does that mean something to you ? Why is it stuck in my head ?”
“Cas!” Dean gasps, clutching at his arm. His boyfriend is bent over in pain, squeezing his eyes shut. Sam is already inside the restaurant, but Dean can’t be worried about that right now. “What’s wrong?” He asks, twice, but Cas doesn’t-or can’t- answer him.
injured in the explosion…however, he was very lucky. He will have no long term physical disability. Right now, his range of motion with his right arm is impaired, but we can work on that. The real issue is, Dean experienced some head trauma during the explosion. He has some memory loss right now….there is no way to tell if he remembers you until you go in and see him. I’m very sorry.”
He thinks back to when he had asked his parents for a car, stating he would be willing to get a job to help pay for the expenses; although he knew his parents were more than capable of doling out the money without a dent in their pockets. His mother had stated that a vehicle would be ‘impractical’ since they live so close to the high school.
Missouri answers it, but he requests Cas, and ten minutes later, Cas appears in the doorway. “Hey, champ, you okay ?” Dean doesn’t feel like writing out an explanation, so he just shakes his head no. Cas sits on the edge of his bed.
Cas’ blue eyes search his until he finally figures it out. He lifts the white board detailing the patient and nurse name off the wall and grabs a dry erase marker out of the drawer next to Dean’s bed. “I’ll get you a real one of these soon.”
There’s still a portion of him that thinks this all can’t possibly be real, but when he sees a wispy, transparent woman, it’s all of the proof he needs. Right before their eyes, she shrieks and shoves Dean, hard. He skitters back and lands hard on his ass, and Cas and Sam wince in sympathy from the shadows. The woman- ghost- whatever, jumps onto Dean and rakes her nails over his chest, ripping his shirt in long streaks. Sam stands suddenly.
“They can’t judge you without knowing you. They would understand if they knew. It’s perfectly normal to have PTSD Dean, you went through something very traumatic for a very long time. No one expects you to be 100% fine. It hasn’t even been a year yet.” Cas tries to reason with Dean, but he knows that Dean is beating himself up.
The two men fall into an easy routine consisting of work and seeing each other. They’re still shy with their intimate relationship, each wanting to take things slow due to past relationships. They are planning their first big step tonight- Cas is going to meet Sam.
“Dirty Dancing fan?” Castiel wonders. His sister had been a huge fan of the movie, and he can’t deny, it’s pretty good.
“Watch out!” Castiel barely has any time to react before a body is barreling into him, knocking him onto the hard earth. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees another body leap toward them, but this one is much bigger, and...furrier.
Dean presses down even harder against his lover, the contours of their bodies lining up perfectly. He slides a hand down Cas’ chest, watching him with lust-darkened eyes as the man’s own blue ones watch him through hooded lids. He finally reaches Castiel’s waistband, undoing the button of his jeans with practiced ease. He toys with the elastic band of the striped boxers currently doing nothing to hide his boyfriend’s arousal. He slides his tongue along the imprint left by the garment, wrenching a filthy moan from Cas. Unable to tease any longer, Dean finally shoves the offending piece of clothing as far down as he can in their current position. He catches the other man’s eyes once again, winking as he wraps a hand around his length. He flicks his wrist every other time as he slides his hand up and down, pumping just slow enough to keep him on the edge.
Trigger warning(s): Mentions of parent death, mentions of alcohol abuse, mentions of death due to alcohol abuse
“Thank you Dean, that was very kind of you.” Cas sees what Sam means now about his brother being a “softie”. He’s weirdly touched by the gesture.
“You’re good to go, champ.” Pamela tells him with a smile. “I’ll go tell Dr. M and he’ll come double check. She blows him a kiss and goes out into the hall to find Balthazar. She passes by Cas and gives him a thumbs up, and he fist pumps when she turns around.
Cas can see definite improvements in Dean, and it's causing him to fall for him. They go out and do things now, go on dates, and laugh, and kiss...everything Cas never knew he wanted. He doesn't want it with just anyone, he wants it with Dean.
Cas calls Sam, and they book  plane tickets together. They fly out in a couple of hours. Cas is a nervous wreck the whole flight, but he can tell Sam is trying to stay calm. They land in the late evening, and take a cab to the hospital. Sam does all the talking at the front desk, because Cas is unable to form coherent sentences at the moment. The receptionist tells them that the doctor is waiting to speak with them. Dr. Barnes pulls them into her office, and gently starts explaining things.
“So, this is like your job?” Dean inquires, looking up at Cas’ face for the first time since he has begun bombarding him with questions.
In all, he remembered the whole ordeal only in pieces and fragments, like short, unstructured memories in his mind. The wail of the ambulance siren approaching the house had seemed so loud then, and the night air so brisk and cool that it seemed to frost Dean’s skin. All his senses were heightened, and he felt like he was in a dream, until the pain made him realize that he wasn’t. He had started drifting in and out of consciousness on the way to the hospital, his body and mind both in shock.
“Of course, my apologies, I was being rude.” They quickly switch over to talking about school and the class they’re mutually studying for.
Several weeks pass without incident. Cas and Dean could /almost/ pretend that this is their permanent life. The baby is great, well-tempered and less fussy than a child under one years old has any right to be. He loves the outdoors and going for walks with Castiel. His favorite food is mashed potatoes and he thinks peek-a-boo is the funniest thing of all time. And the two men fall more and more in love with him every day.
. Exactly what I like. Thank you, that was really nice of you.” Cas smiles brightly, unable to believe that Dean did something so sweet for him.
The days blend together for Dean until it’s been a whole month since he’s been released from the hospital. Between panic attacks, mood swings, and nightmares, it hasn’t been the easiest month either. But he’s trying, trying to keep it together for everyone but himself.
“Yes, it’s a werewolf.” Dean finishes, sounding serious but also resigned, like this isn’t the first time he’s given this speech.
Cas keeps going at a steady, fast pace and fucks them both into a blissful orgasm. Cas hasn’t come untouched in a long time, but tonight was just so perfect that he did anyway. Dean swipes a finger through the mess on his chest and sucks on it, closing his eyes. He swollen lips close around his fingers beautifully, and Cas moans at the sight. “You’re so hot.”
This chapter isn't that great, and I apologize. It's a little filler-ish, but I felt like I needed to add some of Sam's insight, and establish more of the infatuation happening with Cas and Dean.
Castiel helps Dean stand up, IV pole in hand, and slowly walk a little around the room. “Take it easy, Dean. If you get too tired, let me know. There’s a wheelchair in the hall waiting if you need it, and oxygen again if you feel like that will help.” He keeps a light hand underneath Dean’s elbow to support him. He does fine with small steps around the room, and assures Cas that he’s ready for more. They walk down the hall, with Dean using the handrail every once in a while for support.
When he sees Sam at school the next day, he is relieved when the other boy waves first. Cas wasn’t sure if he should make an acknowledgement.
“Twice in one day, huh?” Dean jokes, chuffing a laugh and then wincing when it aggravates his wounds.
Cas can’t help but laugh at that, but truthfully Dean just astonished him. Was he alluding to finding Patrick Swayze attractive? As in, a male? Castiel ponders this as Dean slides back underneath the Continental. At some point, Dean has turned on the radio, at first singing exaggeratedly as a joke, but now, singing quietly in a normal voice. He wonders if Dean knows that he can hear him. It’s nice, sitting in companionable silence in the wake of the setting sun.
Dean watches Cas slowly walk out of the house at 7:30pm. He looks terrified, and Dean wonders just how long it’s been since either of them have been on a proper date. Once his date is actually in the car, the tension seems to melt away a bit and it’s easy for them to fall into relaxed conversation. They could almost pretend it was one of their usual hang-outs, if it weren’t for the scent of Dean’s cologne and Cas’ aftershave mixing in the air between them.
“Well, bi actually. But I’m not really...out. I don’t think my dad would approve.” It’s Dean’s cheeks’ turn to flush pink. “It’s stupid, to pretend to be something you’re not, I know that.”
I'm still having some writers block but I pushed through to write another chapter for you all (: I hope it's better than the last one I posted !
“It could be a gateway to remembering the rest of your memories together. Right now, it seems as though he remembers everything up until 2001. He remembers some of the war, which is both good and bad. It’s good that he doesn’t remember everything so that his PTSD is lessened, but bad because that means there are still holes in his memory. These holes could be hiding meeting you in Afghanistan and then spending time with you back here in the States. Keep trying Cas, you’re doing great.”
“You’re right, I didn’t ask for this, but I am grateful. You’re a good man, righteous and glorious.”
“You work too hard ! You can stay here, and relax. I’ll cook you meals like I do for all my boys.” Mary tells him, kissing his head. “Don’t worry about a thing.”
Cas is antsy as he checks on his other patients and fills out charts. He wants to go back to Dean’s room now that he’s awake, but of course Dean deserves time with his family. He can’t figure out what’s drawing him to Dean…he won’t admit that maybe it’s the pull of Dean’s story, or maybe curiosity from a medical standpoint. He won’t let himself believe that it’s just to gawk at the tragedy that has become Dean’s life. Cas just wants to get to know Dean, the real Dean.
He laid Cas underneath him, slowly pulling his boxer briefs off, kissing down his legs as he did so. He teased and sucked his way down Cas’ chest, licking over his nipples andnibbling on his collarbone. Dean nipped at Cas’ hips, and dipped his tongue into his belly button. He teased until he couldn’t stand it anymore, and then he lubed his fingers up and slowly slid one into Cas, watching his face as he worked him open. He was gentle and sweet, taking his time with Cas, like he was fragile. When he felt like Cas was prepped enough, he let him lube his cock up and kissed him deeply. He pushed into him an inch at a time, until he was fully sheathed and Cas was begging him to move. He placed his hands on either side of Cas and slowly rolled his hips, pushing in and out. Cas raked his nails down Dean’s back and nipped at his jaw, enjoying the noises he was making. Cas is so beautiful to him, especially now, and he feels like he can never let this go. Dean increased his pace, and they both chased their orgasms in a maze of heat and whispered curses.  Dean watched Cas’ face as he came and he thought he had never seen anything more beautiful.
something I wanted to remember. I was pretty terrified a lot of the time. I…thought about…ending things, a couple of times.” Dean has never revealed that to anyone, and he’s not even sure why he’s revealing it now. “But don’t tell Cas that.”
He imagines himself slipping the Winchester brothers a fifty that night- “Hey, thanks for saving my life from that werewolf, sure was a close one”- and chuckles to himself.
Dean shrugs, not meeting his eye. “Yeah, dad would take a hunt across the country and take us with him. When we were still too young to join, I’d watch Sam in whatever room we’d rented for that day. Now I cook for Sam and Bobby every night.”
Truthfully, he worries for the man, often thinking of him all alone and hunting sharp-toothed creatures in the woods. It keeps him up at night sometimes. Dean’s arm is out of the sling now, but it’s not uncommon to see other scrapes or bruises, and each time it makes Cas’ stomach turn, causes another dark creature to appear in his mind’s eye.
“I’m sorry.” Cas whispers. It’s all he can think to say. He gently pries Dean’s fingers from his hair, and sits right next to him. “You’re safe, right now. You’re safe with me.” Cas doesn’t care about how many boundaries he’s pushing when Dean buries his face in his neck, clinging to him like it’s all he has left.
“Dean ?” Sam’s voice breaks his reverie. “We’re home.” He takes Dean’s bags and watches him walk up the drive, stopping to stare for a moment. The house looks exactly the same, just as if he’d never left it.
“This is beautiful.” Castiel comments appreciatively.  He sits down in the grass beside Dean, who lays down and closes his eyes. He looks so peaceful and perfect, laying there with a ray of sunlight cast across his face. His eyelashes curl across his cheeks, and his freckles practically glow. And- dammit, why is Cas practically having an internal monologue about how beautiful Dean is ? He’s just a friend, a friend who needs help, not someone trying to hit on him. Cas shuts his thoughts down and lays down beside Dean. It’s nice to have a friend outside of his colleagues- it’s good for him to be able to relax and enjoy the company of someone else. He drifts off, comfortable and content.
Cas’ breath catches in his throat when he reads Dean’s letter. He flashes back to when they first met;
Things are much less tense between them after their brief talk that night. Bobby has still not found much helpful lore about guardian angels, and Dean has Googled the subject on more than one occasion, but then felt stupid and exited out of the tab almost immediately. About four months since the first day they had met, Dean decides to grow a pair and simply ask the angel his questions.
Dean realizes at the same time as he does, and his eyes immediately grow wide with panic as they fill with tears of shame. He starts to cry as he looks down at the spot of darkness on his pants as well as the grey sheets where he has obviously wet the bed.
Mary is waiting for him in the driveway when Cas pulls up. “I’m sorry to bother you, but I didn’t know who else to call.”
A short time later, Dean finds himself in a paper gown, laying on an examining table. He waits somewhat apprehensively for the doctor to come in.
Dean leans forward and cups Cas’ face gently, and presses their lips together. It starts out slow and tender, with their lips sliding together in perfect sync, almost chaste. But then Cas lays down on the grass and Dean hovers over him, his tongue sliding into his mouth to taste him, and Cas’ hands sliding up underneath the back of Dean’s shirt. His body heat warms Cas, and euphoria flows through him. They kiss like this for a long time, slow and unhurried, their hearts beating together in the dark of the night. The stars shine above them, witness to the bonding that was bound to happen between them. Dean has known this man for two years, he’s been the realest thing that he can depend on. He’s not just Cas, he’s
A whole year. Cas can’t believe he’s gone this long without Dean. They should be celebrating their anniversary, not writing letters to each other from countries apart. It’s even harder to believe that he’s known Dean for so long now- going on four years. Even though they’ve been apart for a lot of it, Cas wouldn’t trade a second of it.
The first time that Cas spent the night at Dean’s was the first time they made love. They kissed for such a long time, until Cas was moaning and Dean was breathless, both of their arousal quite evident. Cas had lain on top of Dean, grinding into him slowly, Dean’s lips on his neck and their hearts beating in sync. Dean slipped his hand into Cas’ boxers and started working him slowly, until Cas returned the favor and suddenly he was jerking both of them torturously slow. Dean had stopped him “I want to have sex with you Cas.”
