“ Okay. How is the staff treating you? Everything okay?”, Steve asked.
So Steve grabbed peter’s hand, holding it tight and looked directly into Howard’s eyes, who now stopped. His eyes were furious, silently challenging Howard to come any closer. Howard understood the hidden ultimatum but smirked.
Before he could react, the door to Howard’s office opened, revealing Tony standing at the entrance. Steve quickly removed his hand from Howard’s grasp and looked at his boyfriend.
“ It’s okay. It was just a dream, you are safe, with me.”, Tony couldn’t help but worry a little. He has never seen Steve like this before. They are together from the start of their jobs. It’s been three years, which is a long time to get to know someone. This is the first time Steve is acting like he is the one who needs reassurance. Steve let go of the hug and looked down, holding his head in his hands.
“ What do you know about Peter’s case?”, Steve suddenly felt really restless.
“ He will never lie to me. I knew you wouldn’t understand.”, Sam said, still on his way to the door.
Steve fidgeted a little. Truth is that he is avoiding Tony ever since those nightmares started to haunt him weeks ago. He had asked him several times now, but Steve couldn’t tell him. He won’t believe him anyway. But it’s hurting them both. They are being driven apart by those dreams. Which is why, Steve wants to investigate it. He is not going to leave Tony alone, like his father did all those years ago. He loves him and nothing is going to come between them.
“ Twenty weeks.”, Peter murmured looking down. His belly has pushed out more, a round bump sitting in his lap. He rested his palm below the navel. Steve thought about his file, which still hasn’t reached him. He was writing down something when Peter spoke again.
“ He is getting in your head, isn’t he?”, Peter whispered and Steve stopped the pen. He looked up as if he is in pain and opened his mouth to say something, but couldn’t.
(See the end of the chapter for
“ Steve is our best bet for him. I worked with him Dad, I know..”, but Howard didn’t listen.
“ It’s not real, it’s not real, it’s not real.”, he kept repeating, until Tony left for his shift.
“ I am fine. Don’t worry about it.”, Steve managed to get out and closed the bathroom door. He gripped the sink so tight, he feared it might break. He knows it was his mind playing games on him. He is over thinking about Howard’s behavior and having useless nightmares.
“ What happened was out of our control. You are here to help and that’s what matters.”, Steve looked at Tony and smirked.
“ Why am I here Doc?”, Sam asked, fidgeting with the paper weight on the desk.
“ Sixteen weeks.”, Peter murmured, still looking down. Steve kept analysing his face. He always talks in a robotic voice, as if his actions aren’t his own.
“ You see Dr. Stark, art therapy is for people who won’t talk. I am not afraid to talk. It’s you, who is afraid to listen.”, Bucky said lazily, as if he is bored from this conversation.
“ I see them too.”, Peter whispered. Bucky looked at him, his brows furrowed and he shifted a little closer.
“ Leave him alone you bastards. He is just a kid.”, Bucky was screaming at the top of his voice. The commotion brought the doctors out, including Steve and Tony. The syringe went into his neck and his arm lost the struggle. Sam was still holding him just in case.
It all happened so fast. One minute Bucky was sitting on the table with an empty jello cup, and in another, he pushed Brock Rumlow away from the kid.
“ That your Steve is emotionally compromised. This isn’t a work for weepy children. I want him off the case.”, Howard said and started leaving, Tony following him on his heels.
Bucky was playing with his food during lunch. His mind was all over the place. Tony asking about Sam wasn’t a good sign. If Sam gets in trouble because of him, then Bucky would never forgive himself. He saw the boy coming to him with his tray. He sat up with a straight face to meet the kid he scared a week ago. He sat down near him and kept looking at his tray.
“ What does he want you to do?”, Bucky asked. He knows who Peter is talking about. He kept telling them that Howard Stark isn’t there anymore, that it’s an impostor. Peter tightened his hold on his midsection.
“ I don’t care Steve. I missed you so much.”, Tony was back to his lips again and Steve was grateful for that. The only reason he is here is because Tony’s father has forced him to come back from New York and work in this old mental hospital, which he just took over. After three months, Tony begged Steve to take a job here, just so they can be together. Steve didn’t deny, what sane person would pass up the opportunity to work with their boyfriend.
“ Do you know how far along are you?”, Steve got his physical from a fellow doctor. He is taking Peter through step by step, so that he knows Peter acknowledges the things happening to him too.
“ Rollins, help Peter on the bed.”, Steve ordered but Peter grasped his hand in urgency. Steve somehow understood the hesitation and walked back.
“ We are all leaving, except Dr. Rogers and Mr. Parker.”, and Tony quickly hustled the crowd out of the lab. Peter jumped up and hugged Steve, crying on his shoulder. Steve tried to console him, rubbing circles on his back.
“ He wants the baby.”, Bucky cursed under his breath. Peter covered his face and propped his elbows on the table.
“ Whoa, slow down. What’s going on?”, Tony asked.
“ Steve, these things do take time. It’s a complicated case. Stop over thinking.”, Tony tried to talk some sense into him. But Steve wasn’t even looking in his direction. He was holding his wrist, rubbing at the place Howard touched him. It was uncomfortable, but there was something much more deeper. He felt like his veins were humming, he could feel his blood pulsing faster than before.
“ There is a big picture of her in the common room, explaining the cause of death. Sam...it’s not your fault.”, Sam suddenly stood up and walked away. Tony could see his hunched shoulders near the office window.
“ You know he is one of them right.”, Bucky whispered. Sam looked back and then carefully moved away from him. Bucky didn’t mind, Sam needs his job and Bucky needs Sam. It’s logical.
“ Bucky?”, Peter call say his name for help. He knows Bucky is equally helpless. He said it because he was the only one who could really understand why he is scared to death in front of this monster. Bucky was still having his own minor meltdown.
“ I am sorry Mr. Stark. I am so sorry.”, and he kept crying.
“ Would you like to talk about the baby Peter?”, Steve encouraged with a smile. The whole week went fruitless. Peter wouldn’t talk. Even today, his red rimmed eyes clearly show that he has cried too much. Steve’s heart broke for the kid. He wonders why he decided to carry the baby which was result of rape. He had other options. But Peter decided to carry the baby to term and give up for adoption. Steve understands the sentiment, but doesn’t understand why someone like Peter, who is suffering from extreme PTSD would think that it is a good idea. Peter only shrugged as the answer to his question.
Tony inhales and steels himself.
to busy himself with something, if only to experience a brief second during which he can forget about all these wrong choices he’s made that led him down this path and ultimately landed him here, in this shitshow of a situation.
This is a declaration of war.
Steve reciprocates some of Tony's initially playful tone, choosing to let the subtle reaction go unmentioned. "Just wanted to let you catch your breath. You'll need it."
He had been aware Anthony liked him well enough – they had spent a considerable amount of time in one another's presence in these past months and found that they not only shared a passion for the new and uncharted, but shared also opinions on every aspect that mattered.
Eventually, Pepper notices that being cooped up for months on end is beginning to take a toll on him, so she takes him out for a walk some way from the compound. Tony drowns himself in baggy clothes, an oversized hat and scent neutralizer just to be sure–and it’s more inconvenient than one would think but certainly worth it.
is on the verge of tears.
Tony lifts both his hands to his hips and turns back around, maybe digging his fingers harder than necessary into the equally soft flesh there.
Tomorrow, he’ll ask. For now, he drags a hand through Steve’s hair and holds him close.
"Hello, handso–oh–mmh, okay," he chuckles, breathlessly. Steve’s hands leave his waist and undo the knot in the cord holding his sweatpants up. "Okay, that's happening now."
Steve would take time to marvel at the technology, were it not for Stark navigating them out of the alley and further down the avenue, where corporate headquarters make way for housing blocks. This is why they’re so adamant that he brings him in alive, then. Stark’s tech has been a threat to them. Naturally, making it theirs and becoming the threat would be the logical next step.
It's a question he does neither need nor want an answer to, but asks regardless. Hope is the perpetrator: he hopes hearing it will wake him from this nightmare the same way you’ll shoot awake shortly before sleep because your body’s confused equilibrioception tricks you into thinking you’re falling from a high ledge.
His Highness sent out carrier pigeons and messengers to spread the word and rally up what was left of Killian's forces. Rebuilding efforts would have to be begun in haste, and so as soon as dawn broke the following morning, both Lords, one born and one made, set off on the journey back to Mar'vill.
The hand slips under the seam of his boxers and wraps around his half-hard dick without much preamble. Tony groans and bucks into his hold, unashamed. Steve chuckles a little, a quiet and intimate sound that sends a wisp of air brushing across Tony’s jaw.
The book feels thicker in his hands than it looks, its many pages welling and making it appear broader. Flipping it open, Tony spotts the first couple of drawings. Human shapes, faces and portraits, most of them unfinished sketches. They could be anyone. On the sixth page is a single finished drawing of a woman, the big curls of her dark hair framing prominent facial features.
To most, there’s no answer to. Pondering them doesn’t serve any purpose but to spark doubt, and so Steve doesn’t. This revolution was always going to be concomitant with great risk and even greater loss. If they make it, it’ll be with more luck than brains, an act of pure serendipity.
Her make-up is spotless but her eyes are wet, and it occurs to him that she might be holding onto him just as much as she’s trying to comfort him with her touch.
Tony winces with every step that Butterfingers takes, the movement underneath him jostling his body in a way that amplifies his every ache hundredfold. His neck is stiff, the muscles in his shoulders tight, and his spine is a long line of throbbing pain that trails from his head to his low back.
The eighth time he brings the knife down is simultaneously the last.
good!"
Steve, though–Steve fucks his fingers in and out not even a handful of times before he pulls out entirely and rips Tony's pants down. Tony gasps, both in surprise and want, and willingly cants his hips up when Steve bows him further across the counter with a hand on the small of his back. Really, he has no choice but to obey, and that–
Tony smiles back, sad but with a heated glint in his eyes that's very telling of what he thinks of Steve's sudden bout of self-sacrifice.
Games and jests would never be a priority again, but they still understood the importance of allowing one another to listen and share the happenings in each of their young lives.
He urges Steve to hurry as they wave through the crowd in the narrow corridor and only slows down once they’ve made it to the front, the commotion there uncharacteristic for such a regular occurence. Buck gestures for him to keep going and Steve complies, intrigued by the strange atmosphere in the room. Most people make way as they squeeze past, having long taken to his silently determined leadership position.
It won't be too long now – he can tell the beginnings of his knot forming at the base of his cock, making the drag in and out of Stark's hole more difficult by the minute.
The man was one of Cannon's. Him and a few others patrol the woods during the less hostile seasons of the year, scaring off wolves and rustlers to keep the peace. He'd worn an amicable smile when Rogers came striding through the door of his hut, one that had flickered and disappeared when he spotted Tony trailing behind him.
Steve doesn't answer, doesn’t even spare him a glance until he's punched a new date into the watch. Then, he squats down next to him. Tony would flinch back if he could feel his extremities but as it is, he sits there, enduring the unwanted affection that resonates within the brush of Steve's thumb against his jaw.
gets a hold of Steve's limb.
Steve rubs the woolen material between his fingers, looking up only to spot a small pile of clothing on the newly made bed. Tony made good on his promise.
He leans forward and kisses Tony's forehead, chapped lips rough against his skin. "I have an appointment a week ago," he smiles, a wet gleam in his eyes as he leans away.
When Steve’s glance shifts and he avoids her gaze, she drops her arms, uncertainty and something else much more vulnerable blossoming in her changing features as she eyes him through the dark shadows the moonlight throws in the room.
“Harder,” he demands, taking note of how wretched he sounds and not caring in the slightest. Steve heeds the request immediately, and Tony squeezes around him to make the resistance that much better. “More, Steve, ha–"
Come the following day, Tony picks up the trap and all the stray pieces that have broken loose on impact. It’s probably double the work now, but he doesn’t even complain, only sits quietly at his spot by the fireplace and works through the frustration. Steve knows better than to offer his help.
however
Between armor plates and polished steel, Lord Stark was plastered against the back of the stone wall, most of him hidden from vision by the tall man pressed into his front. His fingers had turned white-knuckled as they curled into the ringmail shirt the man was wearing over boiled leather.
Incredibly, the effect is immediate. The other man gasps, eyes shooting open and body convulsing for a moment before he stills and tenses. His gaze darts around wildly until he locks onto Tony, some of the trepidation in his features yielding to undiluted relief as he takes note of both Tony's and his own physical integrity. After a few beats during which neither of them move or speak, Tony clears his throat, breaking the prolonged eye contact.
Well, there's an incentive.
It means the days are shorter, and the wait until the saloon opens and he can repeat last night's proceedings is less tedious.
When Tony returns, his life’s hanging by a thread.
Thrown off by Rogers’ unfazed response, the Lord stuttered. “You– you have no right to– I am not under your orders! Nothing but a lucky peasant is what you are, and you
Carol Danvers grew up stubborn, and she grew up mean.
The conqueror had fought his way into the kingdom’s heartland, Klynn its name, when Lord Anthony finished all the preparations needed to mobilize roughly three quarters of the entirety of Mar’vill’s Iron Guard, leaving only a small portion to keep order within.
The day passes, slow, but it does. Steve reads and busies himself with the StarkPhone Tony's handed him a few days ago, casual as he is with material goods. He does some more research on it, ranging from historic events over biology to pop-culture.
Tony wants to back away when he approaches, but the restraints keep him in place, and he frantically moves to loosen them only to find that the elaborate knots Steve tied are in no way to be untied with his shaking fingers in the few seconds he has. Steve puts the materials down carefully and far enough away Tony won’t get any ideas, and then makes to fix the tourniquet to his arm just above the elbow. Tony manages to headbutt him twice until he’s finished, but it appears to do more damage on his side than on Steve’s, who can’t afford to pay the discomfort any mind now that every second counts.
Sometimes, Tony is a little insulted in his pride, really, because
Steve took him out to a special exhibit on the maestros of the Renaissance a few years ago. Tony isn't unknowledgeable in the fine arts–he was once the proud owner of a collection that totalled 482 million dollars, and contrary to popular belief, Pepper hadn’t curated it all by herself–and he'd always known enough to drum up conversations throughout the many exhibitions he attended as an interested party as well as a PR stunt.
The recording, while it's been made with the sole intention of being shown should he not make it out alive, is a lot less somber than you'd expect a final farewell to be. Then again, it's
Up close, Steve can't think of a place he despises more. From a distance? It's beautiful.
Victory comes with a price, as all things in life do. The universe wants for a tribute, and Tony Stark is the man who once again readily,
, and everything he gets is this half-assed fucking excuse of a non-apology.
The fear of death is an overpowering one; Steve feels it in his own heart, deep and dark and looming. It has been lurking for a long time, and now that the time has come to strike, it doesn’t hold back. It digs into his heart, travels through his veins, lays itself out over his lungs and settles in his gut like lead. Like poison. Steve’s only ever feared death the most when it came in the shape of Tony’s, not his own.
“Shh, there you go," Steve praises. "Ain't that bad, is it?"
Steve follows the direction of his gaze, eyes widening a little as he hurriedly lets go and pulls back, using both hands for support to heave himself upright. His brows furrow in confusion as he takes in their surroundings, looking just as put out as Tony must have only minutes prior.
bend him over and fuck him raw to the point of agony and he
He presses a kiss to Tony’s neck, one to his throat and another to his collarbone, taking his time navigating the other man’s body with eyes closed. Tony utters a soft noise and stills his movements as he becomes more aware of his surroundings. Steve almost grumbles in protest, but the complaint gets stuck in his throat once Tony looks up at him over his shoulder, blinking blearily.
Tony nods at the book in the man's hand. "Am I ever going to see that? If the cold doesn't get me, I'll have died of curiosity long before I get off this mountain."
Steve twists and turns for a long, long time until he finally drifts off, pretending it's not Tony on his mind when he does.
This is it.
is what I mean. Not that I want or need some flawless version of you."
Muted voices just beyond
He notices Maria looking at him expectantly and swallows, blinking to shake himself out of the haze. When he meets her with an encouraging smile, it doesn't even shake.
Steve must see something in his eyes other than apathy, because his grip tightens immediately as if he could hinder death from taking him by sheer willpower. And in a way, Tony has seen him do it before: he's come back from injuries no regular human being ever would. But Tony isn’t a super-soldier, and he’s tired. Not even Steve Rogers can break the circle of life, try though he might.
He’s deeper inside like this, and with a little experimenting finds an angle that allows him to hit Tony’s prostate with every other thrust. Tony ruts back against him and moans in his ear, whimpering when Steve bites hickeys into the sensitive skin at the juncture of his neck. Keeping himself under control is much more trying like this; it’d be so easy to just let this turn into a nice, hard fuck with Tony underneath him, begging and wanton. (He’s pretty sure Tony wouldn’t complain if he let it.)
it. He's had a merry ol' time coming to grips with his attraction – both sexual and romantic – to Steve being reciprocated, but the sight of them side by side in the mirror like this throws him for a loop in spite of it all.
He doesn't elaborate. Steve can tell it's something he'd rather not address with the way his eyes flit from one point of the wall behind Steve's head to another, nervous and waiting for him to get the gist. He does have a pretty good guess, but he isn't going to go off something as fleeting as assumptions here.
and I mean that in all the best ways,
"I'll try," he answers, eyes glued to the road ahead of them.
Who knew? Anthony Stark is still capable of aspirations other than the wish to wallow in self-pity until the end of his days.
would happen to Stark as he had him thrown to their feet to be taken apart and ravaged until not a scrap of his soul was left.
With a start, Tony registers the sound he's making. A low hum, the weak imitation of a long-drawn moan sitting in the back of his throat. He's been at it for a while if Steve's grin is anything to go by.
Stark’s expression darkens for the fraction of a second, but he shakes it off. “I prefer Tony.”
He doesn't want to say he outright dreads the idea of witnessing all the ungainly changes in his countenance while Steve actively bangs him into next week, but he can't imagine that add-on to enrich the experience much. (Wonder-oh-wonder, the sight of him apparently does something for
and his hands were flitting over the mattress and between his legs in a frantic, desperate haste. Steve knew what he needed, and took mercy on him – he'd been so good for so long, had held on even through the tedious and painful bouts to allow Steve that kind of pleasure. He more than deserved it.
“There,” Tony heaves in a rush of air, having barely gotten a hold of his bearings but already aware of the next problem heading their direction. He’s pointing to the roll-up door of what appears to once have been a body shop on the roadside.
Tony sleeps in the bed upstairs. Bliss, finally.
Tony isn't sure if he's supposed to respond to the insult because truth is, he isn't much to look at. Small frame, almost sickly pale and that's not to mention his still shaking hands that are on full display when the rangers bring their loaded caravan of mules over and he has to tie them to his saddle in exchange for the other ones.
In light of all this, the man's apparent inability to keep his Lord safe during such outings that barely passed as adventurous seemed rather strange.
Oh, look, I can even say it twice in a–
If they do this-- it can't be him. It
Very slowly, Steve takes the last pieces apart until he can pull the glove off with one brutal, swift motion. He tries hard not to look at the skin he's ripped off with it, the exposed patches of flesh not bleeding but reddening instead. It's difficult to be completely unafraid of what he's about to do when he's right here to see how the stones butchered Tony, but he has already decided.
Everything stops for a moment.
The man sighs but repeats his previous words, which are more helpful than Tony might've imagined before – Rogers shows him how to wrap the rope over his shoulder and around his elbow, so his animal ballast will neither exhaust Butterfingers' nor his grip strength. Tony doesn't get it quite right in the beginning, but after some trial and error, he has the rope positioned right and is sitting in the saddle in a way that distributes the counterforce equally.
it goes, rapid and distressed as it drowns out everything in his vicinity like having wrapped him in a cocoon of cotton candy.
He's probably overthinking this. Steve shakes his head to himself and cracks the remaining eggs into the frying pan. If Tony doesn't appreciate the gesture, he'll have no problem eating one or two omelets more.
Tony stares and stares, wordless, quick wit and brilliance gone. And then, with a last flicker of light in his eyes and his chest, his life is gone too.
He moans in answer, bucking into Steve’s fist and thereby fucking the other man's cock in and out of himself by a few precious inches. Steve doesn’t move or tighten his fingers around him which, okay, Tony figures is fair. He can work with that.
i'm pleasantly surprised about how well this is being received. just a fair warning that the last two additions might take a while longer because i'll write them from scratch to stay (somewhat lol) in line with canon.
, Tony." Shit, that’s a growl. Tony's knees buckle. He struggles to hold himself upright with the way Steve keeps thrusting into him with his whole body, and the caveman act isn't helping.
He's about to respond, a burst of laughter bubbling up from his throat at the thought of throwing this desperate, desperate omega to the sharks – and then Stark adds something that makes his blood run cold.
Steve's expression shutters off and Tony immediately regrets everything that ever came out of his mouth. He shakes his head and lifts a hand in a placating gesture. It's shaking. Steve's already seen but Tony hides it in his front pocket anyway, self-conscious.
Looking past the obvious damage, it’s easy to tell he’s a first-class. Or was once; it would seem he’s been downgraded just recently. Blood there may be, but he’s got no real dirt or grime on him, his hair plastered to his forehead with sweat but not unkempt beyond that. His facial hair is meticulously trimmed as well, the edges on his beard precise to nearly impeccable.
Somebody, Steve isn't sure who, makes arrangements.
There was a time when regaining Tony’s trust seemed utopian. Steve still isn’t sure if he’s deserving of it.
Meanwhile Clint was grabbing Tony's asscheek with intent, kneading it as he tipped the bottle of lube upside down and drizzled a generous amount of it onto the top of Tony's cleft. They all watched with more or less baited breath as the gush of clear liquid made it to the spear of Steve's cock, Bruce's fingers taking over and pushing some of it deeper where it was needed.
e                     h
Strangely, that behavior changes Steve’s perspective of him, and for the better: it makes him human, shows that there’s more here than just a tightly coiled ball of anger, snark and defiance.
“I can’t,” Stark breathes with the last wisp of air he manages to force out of his lungs, the words near inaudible, “breathe. You’ll kill me before... you get...”
It's also mighty attractive, but Tony has every intention of shoving that thought in a very far and dusty corner of his mind. He doesn't mean to get any stupid ideas, up there in the mountains where he's alone but for Steve Rogers and his own thoughts that sure as hell aren't always of the genius sort.
to make life easier on both of them, but Rogers isn't having it.
"Like I said," Tony smiles with too many teeth and lifts his cup in a mock toast before downing the booze left, "I don't have much else to do."
With a satisfied groan, Steve bottoms out–and can only bear to hold out for a heartbeat or two before he starts rocking into the body beneath him at a slow pace that grows less measured with every time he repeats his assault.
The light's off, the show is over, and Tony is gone.
"Hope you're prepared to sleep with one eye open for the rest of your life," Stark grits out somewhere above him, tone both scathing and resigned. He knows he’s not going to stop it from happening and has gone on to ponder a point later in time. Imagining his revenge to be particularly sweet, as it seems.
Ms. Potts was guaranteed to be furious.
"It's fine, Tony," he insists, flashing a quick smile at the other man. "I need to get this out of the way, see what options I have. If there are some. I'll see you."
to keep looking. Maybe that something is Steve. Maybe it’s his private, sudden desire to witness himself fall apart on the off-chance that there will be something to discover that’ll get him to understand what it is that Steve
It’s then, when he buries his nose in Steve’s old shirts and pretends it isn’t his own hand resting over his belly, that he finally feels her kick for the first time.
The desperate turn cruel, not necessarily because callousness is in their nature, but because they are just that: desperate and thus willing to do anything for their cause.
He offers her the vodka and she accepts, as is the proper thing to do when concluding a business. She doesn't wait for him to swallow first; poison wouldn't be in his interest and it wouldn't affect him to a noticeable degree anyway. After she's downed the shot, she sets the glass facedown on the desk and leans back, gaze assessing.
The rest, as they said, was history.
isn't safe, and therefore Tony should be the one always on edge about the next time he'll fuck up (because he will). If it all crashes and burns, Tony will be the one to have triggered the detonation, in one way or another, and that's why he shouldn't be–
Tony grimaces a little and wipes his hands. “It’s only for a night,” he adds, seemingly deeming the reminder necessary when faced with the state of the room. In light of everything that happened since the Tesseract brought him to this place, Steve can’t say he minds a few dusty pieces of furniture all that much.
but the man pushes onward before he gets to speak up.
"We could've had a good life," Not-Steve says and has the audacity to be wistful and bitter at the same time. "We could've been happy. You would’ve never known any better and I'd have taken care of you. I've known you for over a hundred years, Tony. Your past, your future, everything. I know how to make you happy better than anyone."
The memory is unimportant, but he thinks back to it now as he lies there in the snow, suddenly still. His foolish, first thought when they approached this place, when nothing mattered and nothing would be the worse or the better for it if he died. At the time, Tony didn’t think he’d ever find himself in this situation, but as is common with thoughts like these, they come back to make you regret ever having entertained them.
Without any other distractions present, Tony can’t keep thoughts from wandering. Back to Titan. Back to the ship. To Peter, and how his expression went from awed pride to determination when being declared an Avenger. The way he pled for his life as he felt it coming to an end, unable to do anything but shake in fear and agony before he crumbled in Tony’s arms.
“You win for now, Rogers,” he says begrudgingly.
They return to the compound. The world's in ashes, the people mourning, and there's no-one left to care about bureaucracy or the heroes that failed them.
His hand, still clawing the blanket, is taken away and being rubbed by fingers much warmer than his own. Despite the warmth all around, parts of him feel cold and rigid. His toes are the worst, maybe – Tony flexes them experimentally, and the simple movement leaves them sore and wakes him to a new pain: the one in his ankle, throbbing and reminding of what happened that caused him to end up in this position in the first place.
Outside the city gates of King's Landing, the King's golden banners flapped in the wind, the jet-black, great eagle sat in their middle seemingly spreading its wings to take flight.
Stark sighs, sound muffled by the makeshift mask, but doesn’t protest. They’ve had this debate every day in the recent past and it’s always been Steve who’s gotten his way in the end, if only because Stark’s still not exactly in a position to argue.
The cube, previously only lit in a soft glow, is now beginning to radiate a blueish light so intense Steve reflexively closes his eyes against the burn. He'd drop it if he could, but his fingers stay locked around its edges like iron would stick to a magnet.
Tony cuts himself off. There's a dent in his cheek where he's biting the inside of it.
In the end, the first thing they'll see, looking at one another, is a lost love – in every possible sense.
Tony shoots swake with a gasp. His hand flies to his chest on instinct. He doesn't feel the edge of the arc reactor casing cut into his palm.
There’s rust on the blade, he knows this. Water is no antiseptic, he knows this too. The rags he has with him will barely staunch the worst of the bleeding, he knows this as well. And what he is going to do to Tony, he might never be forgiven for. But he’s going to take that chance happily. A Tony who is furious with him for what he’s done for the rest of his life is better than a Tony whose remaining lifetime is measured in hours. (Can’t win the russian roulette if you don’t give it a shot at all.)
Tony doesn't feel like his initial astonishment was entirely unfounded. Rogers isn't a man whose affinity to the arts you'd be able to guess by looking at him. This is yet another thing that Tony files away, important information archived for a later assessment. There's many things you can't tell from the outside, which Tony, out of all people, should know best. The only reason why he's still here is because his innermost desires are hidden away, because he has learned there is no other option.
Wanton and
“Yes.”
Tony might find it patronizing and, considering that Steve's not what you'd call a paragon of healthy coping mechanisms, he might be justified in feeling that way.
"I might be," he answers, knowing it'll come across a little ominous, "but not in the ways you seem to be thinking of."
In the beginning, Tony tries to trick him into speeding up by meeting his thrusts with more force than necessary. He excels at this – working Steve to the point he’ll give up on any and all self-control he might have. It’s no different today. He has to bite his lip and dig his fingers into Tony’s thigh, which in the end only serves to edge the other man on more. Tony makes a
Tony sets the table for them and finishes cooking in time with Steve appearing in the doorway. Steve sits down with a grateful smile and doesn’t seem to be noticing Tony’s suppressed flinch when he takes a seat across from him–maybe because he’s preoccupied poking his omelet and taking a tentative bite.
Tony looks at him and for a moment, the regret feels overwhelming. Because he won’t ever get to see a blue sky again and won’t ever walk beneath it with his hand in Steve’s–but he refuses to shy away from that blue, blue gaze until he's spoken the words that he needs to say.
They're set to move out at the break of dawn. There's nothing more this city can give them, and Steve is glad to leave it behind for it's become a symbol for everything desperate and greedy he has turned into that he promised himself he never would.
is not a question of morality, but one of cost effectiveness. A question easily solved, at least in his book.
Tony moans through clenched teeth, peeking through the slit of his half-lidded eyes to witness Steve's coming undone. The exact moment he reaches his climax, Steve buries himself up to the balls with a hard shove and a guttural groan, chin falling to his chest and fingers digging into Tony's thighs in a way that'll leave bruises of unmistakable origin.
Remorse that shouldn’t be hers to feel. She’s done everything in her power. More than he ever expected from someone he shared nothing but trauma with–but then again, that’s what emotion will do to feeling beings. It interweaves them, the scars connecting in the negative. Minus into minus equals plus. Simple math. Tony’s known it since before he can remember.
Steve still preferred to keep Tony to himself most days, but sometimes he'd allow the others a glimpse or two – especially when that sneak-peak came with added support from said teammates during their sexual endeavors.
It’s late when they make it back.
"Everything about you, everything's so everywhere, there's so
Once they're outside at the usual spot, Steve instructs Tony to hold onto him while he takes care of his pants. It isn't so much the nakedness which is the issue, Steve's aware of that; there's nothing he hasn't seen before. The real humiliation, he thinks as they kneel there and he holds Tony so he won't tip over, stems from being reduced to something like this, from the vulnerability and powerlessness that comes with having to accept assistance for this so very basic task.
It's indescribable, insurmountable pain. It's being ripped apart from the inside out, something in his very core being taken apart with sheer brute force. He doesn't think he's experienced a sensation this agonizing in all his life. Open-heart-surgery without proper anesthesia is laughable, a pin-prick in comparison.
The words hit hard. It takes a moment to remember himself, but Steve gets there. He, too, wants time with Tony. Which is why he is doing this: taking a leap of faith to allow them just the lick of a second chance.
Steve makes a sound as though he’s surprised by the news. He tightens his hold a little, stroking his thumb along the seam of the metal plate where it meets skin near the line of Stark’s jaw. “Shame, isn’t it, that you’ve made so much of the human experience obsolete for yourself and didn’t think to put the need for air on the list?” He tsks. “Must be feeling really stupid for not considering that, I’m sure.”
Tony uses this occasion to declare their conversation over, rubbing both hands over his face. He's had five cups of coffee in this past hour that they’ve gone over every minute detail in their timelines, finding most things unrelated to the Ultron event matching. He hasn’t forgotten about Tony’s fleeting mention of Extremis the day before, but it’s yet another topic the man only touches upon very briefly. It’s clear as day there’s a story there – one that, by all accounts, Tony doesn’t plan on telling.
"I am not doing this here. We will have to wait," he said, voice firm so as to not leave room for arguments.
Tony has to do a double take at his stash, because there’s a lot more empty than filled bottles there than he anticipated. He even rubs his eyes, but the sobering (ha!) reality remains the same: there’s a little over sixteen ounces left. Taking the bottle out, he studies the sloshing liquid inside with pursed lips and thinks. He didn’t believe he’d gone all that far over his allotted rations in the past weeks, but it makes sense in retrospect.
Steve can't quite suppress the deep, resigned sigh that escapes him. He doesn't mean to guilt-trip Tony into hosting him, absolutely not, but– God. Hasn't he woken up in a strange, new world once already? Isn't one time
. He forgot what they smell like. Omegas. They haven’t had any in the tail end for at least eight years, and sometimes he doubted there were any on the train left at all. Someone argued it’s something to do with evolution, how they suddenly seemed to have died out because their bodies failed to adapt to the living conditions.
The thing is, though: he hasn’t really been able to breathe since that one memorable occasion his own bomb blew up in his face. These last years with Steve made it easier, somehow, breathing with two thirds of a lung, but the weight that has settled over his bruised ribcage again is a familiar one. He hasn't forgotten. He can deal with it.
The man under him shifts impatiently, body close to shaking in quiet exhilaration. Steve hears a pleased rumble – and discovers that it's coming from deep in his own chest, a subconscious response to the willing omega just waiting to be mounted right there before him.
Tony tips off the edge in a moment he hasn’t expected to fall–but he's pinching the head of his dick just so and Steve expertly hammers into his prostate like he’s installed a GPS tracker in there, and that’s everything it takes for the last stitch to come undone.
The King paused, a sigh falling from his lips as he caught the Lord's smug expression. Then, he looked at James.
In the center of the room, the ceiling light turns on automatically without missing a beat and Steve blinks against the sudden brightness for a moment before turning his focus back on Tony who's still there, taking in the scene in silence. His hair is unkempt, strands pointing in every which direction and some of them curling at the base of his neck. The loose sweatpants and shirt suggest he's already been in bed when his A.I. alerted him to the
After everything that’s been done to scar it so irreversibly, it’s still beating. That is no minor feat, even he has to admit. Tony can’t help the tiny smile sneaking onto his lips–just a twitch, but the movement speaks volumes in Steve’s presence, who is so attuned to his every micro-expression it should be scary.
The first thing he noticed upon blinking his eyes open was, of course, Tony. Tony, who was now laying flat on his chest with his arms crossed on the pillow in front of him, only his hips still lifted up to meet Steve's where he was buried inside. Tony, who was smiling, a little delirious with the ebbing pleasure of his afterglow. He looked sweaty and thoroughly fucked and
Hammer took it upon himself to pave the way for a thorough slander of Stark's name, sparking a debate about the many wrongdoings of the very host that provided them with food, drink, shelter and a part in the annual tourney of his own free will.
Steve pauses at the sight, then huffs an almost unintelligible sound of surprise when he realizes what feels strange about that particular movement. He's positive he's never seen the Tony he knew do anything like this. There's something endearing about it. Which Steve doesn't think about; Steve thinks about Tony's words. Because Tony's speaking. Right now, his mouth is moving, and Steve should be paying attention–
Something he does think about is the diminishing distance between him and Steve's falling body. His quick math is useful most of the time, but now, it just serves to remind him that no matter what he tries, he won't reach Steve in time.
Rogers nodded, missing the man's disappointment or maybe blatantly ignoring it, and Tony said, "Tony Carbonell, it's a pleasure," putting just enough ice in his voice to communicate the fact that it very much wasn't. The ranger grunted and shook his hand ever so tightly, unbothered by his presence as he went on to ramble about this and that and how his knee was giving him too much trouble or he would've gone up there himself.
"I don't know what I– I didn't think anything of it, or I did but I didn't know how to bring it up and it happened again and I should've told you but I didn't," he says in a rush, the words muffled in his palms but without doubt still intelligible to Steve.
For a moment, he's uneasy. There's copper on his tongue when he swipes it over the patch of skin he's gnawed the top layer off. Steve's hands dig into his hips and Tony thinks, morbidly, that this man could crush him and take him without breaking a sweat and Tony would be able to do nothing at all.
That earned him a shake of the head.
Lord Anthony paused as he received the sword from the woman to his left, balancing its length on both his open palms to present it to the knight in front of him. Its blade was forged of the same blue steel found in his guard's armor, only that in this weapon its lethality was unparalleled.
But still, having Steve tell him all this so matter-of-factly like it's just another mission debrief is… that's a whole other story.
some weird fucking version of Super Bowl where the players are judged by looks rather than performance.
There's a second where he wants to rip Stark's throat out. He knows he can; he's done it before, to alphas bigger in size with thrice his temper. But Bucky's scent spikes in a way that's a warning, and his face that is in Steve's peripheral vision looks steely and dangerous, and Steve remembers himself.
Or maybe, just
“Steve.”
“It’s okay,” he croaks out, and Steve startles, breath stuttering off into nothingness as if he believed Tony had forgotten how to produce words the same way his legs had forgotten how to carry his weight.
"What I was
He climbs up the stairs after Tony, pointedly looking at his own feet that have no right to feel as heavy as they do. He's not even tired, not really. As Tony turns left, Steve goes right, the wordless goodbye making him hesitate while he approaches the room he has taken up residence in.
"All that gorgeous and
He casts a glance at Stark who hasn't moved an inch from where he's left him on the floor. For him, Steve feels, it's the opposite. Now that they've come face to face, he draws Steve in unlike anything in this city ever has.
"Very," he said.
"Glad to have you back with me, Cap. But say, uh, do you mind?" He paints over the sudden awkwardness with a lopsided smirk and points to Steve's hand, still clasped tight around his own.
He brings his hand up. The pain increases exponentially the further his fingers move into position for the snap; Steve braces himself against the wall behind him when his legs threaten to give out. With a shout of anger, agony and bitter determination, he snaps.
as cute as it was a few years ago–
As good as the things stood, the bliss did not last forever. It seldom did.
“You’ll keep to the compound for the next–however long this,” he gestures at Tony’s stomach in a way that communicates about the same amount of goodwill as the word whore, “is going to last. You get Hill and have someone write up NDAs for everyone stationed in this facility. And for the love of God, stop running around like this. We don’t need an outsider coming in here and accidentally catching a whiff of you.”
He's looking at him like he's got half a mind to send him back where he came from. Suddenly, the thought of returning to the rats and the booze and the bed with the springs poking into his back doesn't sound appealing anymore.
Many had speculated the eccentric Lord Stark would not care for the sentiments and customs of fellow highborn folk and announce his betrothal to Ms. Potts soon enough – yet, nothing of the sort had occurred.
Soon enough, he discovers some differences too. Steve can't help but think that the Tony he knew would be delighted to find out that there's a Tony shorter than him, somewhere in the multiverse. The man's not only shorter, but all in all...
Not that Steve is paying much attention. He's mainly savoring the sensation of Stark's insides tugging and spasming around his dick, a religious experience that ascribes a new meaning to the hollow word that is
Overwhelmed, Peter exhaled a shaky breath. One of his hands had found its way into his hair at the back of his skull, tugging as if it might hold him should he fall.
Nat was a different story. She’d come back to base two hours after she was bitten, and she herself had insisted they go with this last-ditch attempt at saving her life. It was for naught, but they tried at least. Sometimes Steve thinks she knew the odds would've never in a million lifetimes been in her favor but wanted them to believe it, to stay behind knowing they did everything they could. It isn’t a comforting thought.
either.
She had never been interested in being a damsel in need of rescuing to make a knight in shining armor feel accomplished. If anything, she wanted to wear the armor and would rescue damsels if needed.
He heads further down, fingernails scraping over Tony’s stomach and pelvis as he goes. Tony’s only half-hard but already wet by the time Steve takes him in hand; he moans and breaks the kiss after Steve strokes up his shaft, thumbing the head that’s all but dripping with precome. Allowing Tony to catch his breath, he trails kisses down the column of his throat and sucks a mark into the sensitive spot above his Adam’s apple.
Tony can't remember the last time or place he's been so at peace as he is out here.
Sometimes, ghostly shadows of unforgotten memories dance across Rogers' face when he's staring into the embers of their dying fire, and it makes Tony feel a little bit better, a little bit less alone, knowing that he's not the only one running from his demons.
Having unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the zipper, he's unable to stifle the low groan in the back of his throat as he takes himself in hand.
Pepper cries in Rhodey's arms and Steve isn't going to make the kid carry Tony's body off the battlefield, so that leaves him to the task.
scarce, but Steve still has a certain authority, and even those that initially look like they'd love to take him in a fight slink away in the end. Nobody's questioned his position and then followed through with it so far – ultimately, his capabilities are accepted and respected for what they are.
Five seconds. Five seconds, and they could've made it.
Despite the fear, despite the highest of stakes, Tony doesn't think of sitting this one out.
can't wait. Well–the last one's been off the table ever since they got publicly barred from one of their favorite diners and Pepper threatened to castrate him in vivid detail and a tone of voice that made explicitly clear how much she was not joking.)
Steve goes back to reading. Hours upon hours pass in which Tony doesn’t return and Steve doesn’t leave the room in fear of being discovered by the one other person in the house who’s not supposed to catch sight of him. Sometimes, there are noises from the other side of the door, but he does his best to ignore them and stifle the curiosity brought about by boredom.
She doesn't beat around the bush, only slips him a blank card with a number on it and says, "If you ever change your mind, we'll send someone. Director Fury would still like to see you with us, Captain Rogers."
For all that there comes a day when Tony's arm doesn't require medical attention anymore, there is nothing to help the psychological wounds heal.
It’s not like Steve isn’t tempted (because he is), but he’s found that it’s good like this, sometimes. Tony takes a while to calm down and surrender to the slow, building pleasure pushing them ever so slightly toward the edge instead of chasing his release. When he does, Steve delights in the way the tension drains from his body and he slumps in his hold, arms and legs going limp as he gives up control, trusting Steve to not let go.
Tony squints, observing the man over the rim of his glass as he makes his way to the bar. He leans against the counter a few feet away, ordering a beer, completely oblivious to Tony's stare. It's undoubtedly the traveller he's noticed last night; the same hat, the same bright hair, the same tall build.
Von Doom's expression was one of carefully crafted indifference, but there was a spark of interest glinting in his eyes that Natasha did not fail to notice.
They wait out the following nights at the campsite together.
According to folklore, he had acquired these wounds during the battle in the Vale of York, where he'd fought and triumphed over the Titan who was said to wield a burning sword. She'd always assumed this to be tale over truth, but the marks on the man's skin told her she might be mistaken; mistakes made for a distant relative Natalia seldom had the misfortune of encountering.
The man's eyes narrow and his upper lip twitches with anger. There's no answer, but Steve is known for his impeccable patience. He allows Stark to throw his little fit and lets his hand roam over the man's body. If he won't come out with it, Steve's going to find out on his own terms.
When they have rounded up all the stray animals in the area, the sun has long taken its spot high up in the clear-blue sky. Tony hoped it would warm up a little, but the mountain air remains crisp and dry, and his throat becomes sore and swallowing is painful.
"That's it, give it to me," he hears himself mumble through a breathy exhale, followed by a
“Something’s… off, I don’t know what it is. He’s antsy. I don’t think it’s because he means to try something, but we should be on lookout.”
"I think I'll go sleep in the spare room."
Tony rushes to the kitchen and throws up his breakfast. His stomach rejects everything he’s eaten until it's contracting around nothing and he's dry heaving into the sink. When it’s over, there’s tears in his eyes and the sharp burn of acid in his mouth, and Tony hangs there over the drain for a moment, suspecting the peace treaty of being a ceasefire.
Steve would never know how he did it.
Hm. And here he assumed he knew everything there's to know. Strange, how even after all this time – is it really their ninth anniversary this year?
Steve's lips trace a string of kisses over his collarbone, his hot breath grazing his skin as he mumbles, "Strong but compact. So I get to hold you like this. 's a perfect fit."
There's always going to be another
“We are all well aware that Anthony is quite peculiar in many ways. Gods, he put a woman in charge of his finances! But, ah, as much as he likes to allow them in places they simply do not belong in, he does not appear to enjoy their company very much beyond that,” Hammer said, taking a dramatic pause as he looked up from his cup. “So, when I learned that Lord Stark’s chambers haven been quite well-frequented by people most definitely not belonging to the fairer sex in the past, I cannot say I was particularly amazed. A man who sympathizes with whores would know to take it like one as well, I suppose.”
When he realizes what he’s doing, Steve pauses. He’s rubbing up and down Stark’s cooling skin, from his chest to the V of his hips, his nose buried in the hollow of the omega’s throat to monitor the slowly abating urgency in his scent as he presses the occasional, all too tender kiss to his neck.
A pause. Tony pushes out a breath between his teeth and lets his head drop onto the other man's shoulder, squeezing his eyes shut.
He puts down an extra sheet, a clean one, and moves Tony onto it. Next are the supplies, which he assembles around the other man’s unconscious body. His hands tremble when he unwraps the soaked bandages from the stump, a disturbingly detailed record of Tony’s every scream and plea replaying in his mind at the sight of the grueling injury. It’s still oozing blood, too, although the liquid doesn’t come in the copious amounts it did before. Steve cleans it properly this time, water and alcohol, puts antiseptic ointment on and wraps it generously in a few, fresh layers of cloth before elevating the limb with a bunched-up blanket.
," he near growled, voice laced with pain yet commanding. "He stays."
Steve wonders if there is a thing called destiny, and if this is how it feels.
It turns out Steve does not, in fact, need magic to do mind-blowing things. (But that's one of the things Tony already knew, didn't he?)
“Yeah, I know. Sorry,” he answers and pushes down the swell of guilt as soon as it burgeons in his chest. No need to agonize about a lie of omission when there’s nothing substantial to hide. “That was one hell of a dream.”
have to freeze his ass off out here while Rogers gets to be inside – but then the other man dragged a chopping block out of the shed next to the outhouse, muttering some profanity or other under his breath, and began splitting the too-large pieces of wood stacked up alongside the eastern wall of the hut.
In fact, Tony already has a few ideas.
"Tony!" Steve calls upon his entry, beaming at him over his shoulder. He wipes his hands on a rag and then walks over to where Tony's standing, frozen in place.
Tony's body has been laid out on a table in one of the smaller offices, suit and stones and all.
Steve thanks them both, Nat making off to her allotted sleeping quarters in the opposite direction soon after. Finally, he leaves as well, biding his friend a good night and casting one last glance at the miserable looking figure on the floor, guarded by Bucky who looms at the opposite wall.
Steve distantly remembers being like that. Once. They never believe him unless he tells the whole story–the one that involves the chapter where they dragged him away, into the underground labs, those that run the kind of experiments not even a corporation with an influence the likes of Hi-dra can let the public know of.
“You know this would be done twice as fast if you let me help.”
"This isn't
did he end up?
In a slow, calculated motion, Anthony passed the weapon to the knight, who had already stretched out his arms and turned his palms up in anticipation.
Maybe he's being unreasonable here. For not being able to let go, or letting Steve have the dignity of his choice. Whatever he is, Steve is probably the bigger man out of the two of them, because Tony doesn't even have a notion of what he's looking to get out of this. Saving Steve won't get them the Stone. And if they both die in the process-- that's something Tony doesn't want to think about.
"Well, maybe consider other ways of conflict resolution before you go and punch someone next time you feel like defending my honor."
A collective sigh of disappointment emerges from the group. Somebody intones an, "Aw, come on, it was just getting good," and the only female alpha in the party snarls at Bucky in passing when he gestures for them to clear out. In the end, they all leave though, more or less without a greater fuss.
Steve, on account of not knowing what else to say or do, pulls him in close and tucks Tony's head under his chin, hands rubbing up his back. (Or maybe he's doing it just so Tony won't see him squeeze his eyes shut and breathe deeply so he won't sob in relief.)
Time’s never been on their side. Hell, they call him the Man Out of Time, what else is to be expected? Tony ended up tagging along for the sake of it, and now he's here, out of time for an entirely different reason. Not that he blames his personal failings on Steve now. He’s using up all his remaining energies to stay alive, he doesn’t have the strength to hold grudges anymore.
The rest is a bit of a blur.
Tony sends out a silent 'thanks' to his past self, because damn if he hasn't earned the genius title and those five PhDs. Steve is still enjoying this just as much as he did the very first time around–he's fondling the end of the glass plug, shifting and then pressing against it with his thumb. Tony can't suppress a soft moan at the sensation.
Steve gets very calm, very suddenly.
As he stepped foot into the dimly lit hall, his every move reverberated in the large, circular space. The Starks' burial chamber was not as palatial or magnificent as one might assume, yet on second thought, it made perfect sense.
Steve returns to the present when Tony releases him from the warm confines of his mouth with a wet sound, the hand still gripping his wrist steering his spit-slicked fingers down between their bodies where his dick is rubbing precome all over Tony’s ass. Tony gasps audibly as he presses a fingertip in, barely moving an inch before slipping out again and massaging the quivering muscle of his opening in slow circles.
because while puny Banner had alluded to wanting to disappear many a time, Tony certainly never expected his angry alter-ego to jump aboard a quinjet one day and take a trip through space of all things.
Rogers pulls back, jaw clenching visibly.
Despite all that though, the devastating truth remains: Tony doesn’t have anything to do. At all. Nothing. Nada. Nichts. Niente.
Steve chuckles at the man's ramblings. He won't say it and ruin the fun, but he's almost positive willfully incriminating himself would do Tony no good in the long run. Sure, Fury's people sniffing around and getting all up in his business will be testing his patience for a while, but in the end, there won't be any leads to follow and they're going to be forced to drop the matter.
When Tony pries his eyes open, the weight on his chest takes on the shape of Steve Rogers, unconscious and sprawled over his upper body with no regard for Tony's need of oxygen. Rude.
As though his reflection could tell lies, he looks down to check whether the marks are there on his physical body as well–and feels all air escape his lungs when they match the image in the mirror.
Then there's the rest, which doesn't help his case either. Your stomach is bound to appear bigger when you're sitting down–call him a liar, but even Steve's isn't perfectly flat–but this is really starting to gnaw at his pride.
It's painful and it hurts and it's–arousing in a way it's never been between the two of them. Steve has never been like this because he just
His voice is slow and calm in that very same way you’d explain something to a child, but there’s an underlying urgency. Tony snorts, affronted. The piece of omelet he just stuffed into his mouth is only half chewed but he swallows it anyway. Predictably, it hurts going down, and Tony pounds his chest with a fist to relieve the pain.
"You lead, then," he grins, pillowing his head on the other man's shoulder. It's comfortable enough he thinks there's a good chance he might nod off during the dance.
"Right now? Are you sure? Because I don't think…“
It would make sense that Tony felt such a need to keep her from having to process this too, but it seems like his protectiveness backfired in ways he hadn't expected. It's true what they say about good intentions.
Sleep is just around the corner, and he drifts off quickly.
, though, and that spurs on his curiosity enough to comply.)
His friend looked off to the side and did not answer. He wore that same look of inner strife James felt he'd seen once before. He was taken back to their youth and that first time Anthony had allowed him a look at his true self.
He shrugs. "Anyway. I don't have any desire to play the bad guy here and it's not like we don't have the space, so you can stay for now. We're still gonna check in with Fury and see if we can do anything about your situation, but yeah. For what it's worth, you won't be going back to SHIELD, long as you don't want to."
There’s a light. And it flickers, shines through the storm sometimes clearly and sometimes not. There is nothing ethereal about it, nothing godlike. Not that he's ever believed in the nonsense anyway. The light's the same one he has, in the lantern that is always swinging from Butterfingers’ saddle, but the horse that’s approaching isn’t his and the rider sat on top–
"Man by the name of Cannon got his cattle stuck up there 'cause an avalanche went down and blocked off the pass. And
On this one particular day, however, Sir Rogers came barging into Bruce's chambers without so much as a knock, cursing like a man gone mad with a moaning bundle of cloth in his arms.
Steven exhaled deeply, conceding defeat. The man would shamelessly talk one's ears off if given the chance.
When he bottoms out, Tony exhales, blissed smile playing on his lips.
It's hard not to eavesdrop on a conversation when your hearing is super-human and said conversation is taking place right next to you. Steve pretends not to listen while they exchange hushed words, the girl inquisitive and curious while Tony's grasping at straws trying to find an explanation for why exactly she can't interact with the person in the door.
As the noise died down, Stark began to speak, words carefully selected in a way that made clear he had practiced until he knew them by heart.
damn time for him, too. Too long to pretend the sight that greets him when he pulls away the blanket-curtain that shields Stark from vision and looks at him as he lies there doesn't affect him.
"Alright, darling. Gods know they could use my advice, being a seasoned secret-keeper myself."
Tony swallows, trying to stomp out the onslaught of emotions the sight of many loved people long gone has brought. He holds onto Steve's hand like a lifeline and brings his other up in front of him, observing the gem in this palm, still pulsing with light in steady intervals.
Tony sucks in a sharp breath through his teeth when Steve's fist closes tighter around his shaft and starts working him in earnest, as opposed to the slow, lazy pulls from before. He brings up a hand to hold onto Steve's forearm–the one that's still cradling him against the other man's chest. It feels secure, limiting his range of motion in a way that is comforting instead of constricting.
He actually gets through it in about two hours, although it would've probably taken less time if he'd clarified some of the details from the get-go – no, Ma'am, he actually
"Okay, true. I'm Steve, but I think you know that already," he says, voice harder in a way he hopes will seem more genuine. He's getting the feeling this girl can smell bullshit five miles against the wind and will notice any and all sugarcoating he might try to attempt.
Maybe he's as afraid of what this signifies as Tony looks.
"Well, she
It's a quiet but beautiful procession. He'll see to it that Natasha gets something like this, too. There might not be a body, but they'll honor her and her sacrifice just as they did Tony's.
Stark's eyes widen a fraction, just enough to communicate that the implications of what has been said leave him… not afraid, but apprehensive.
Other than the occasional spike of sharp pleasure-pain from his prostate, the feeling of Steve inside almost comforting. His pace is sure and steady, his hands securing Tony in an iron grip, his groin radiating warmth where they’re joined and keep joining, over and over.
Then, there's blinding, excruciating pain from a place in his body he can't make out. He's just--floating there, wherever
He jokes with his friends, receives a shirt that says ‘Engineer at work’ with tools shaped into an arrow pointing down to his stomach and puts on impeccable, convincing smiles for the entirety of the two hours he holds out at his public birthday bash.
The fever finally breaks six days after the incident, and Steve is relieved beyond compare to see that the other symptoms are slowly but surely abating as well. One thing that doesn't go away are the fever dreams, because they're not that–they're nightmares, and the question of what's plaguing him isn't a particularly difficult guessing game.
Present Tony sits there for a long second, and finally, breathes out an exhale and rises from the swivel chair. In Steve's hurry to get out of his field of vision and not betray that he's been accidentally eavesdropping on him, he kicks over the bucket of spare parts at his feet – because of course he does. He told Tony this would happen.
Lord Parker did not sound all too bad, now did it?
He repeats this process a second time before the telltale creak of the stairs alerts him to someone’s presence. The noise is almost inaudible, the person’s steps perfectly calculated – anyone else surely would’ve missed it.
Tony swallows, with spit he doesn't have.
Tony thinks, because that puzzle was something a three-year-old could've solved and
The next few evenings, he's alone in the cabin. Rogers doesn't encounter any predators during his stay at the camp but insists it's necessary they keep watch and isn't to be convinced otherwise.
Steve keeps his mouth shut, then, too mortified to even argue. That answers his question of whether or not he's been obvious with the supposedly secret looks. He should’ve backed off and kept his distance when he had the chance – only, Steve’s mostly positive he’s been doomed from the very beginning. There’s nothing that could’ve stopped the inexplicable draw Tony has on him, that soft yearning he’s felt in his chest only amplified with every hour spent in his presence.
Tony, although wishing he could make himself avert his eyes, observes his debauched counterpart in the mirror with a bit of perverse fascination.
He makes the mistake of turning his head and looking at the man, and scolds himself for it a moment later because he should habve known better than to think looking in those eyes wouldn't utterly wreck him. They're darker, hardly blue at all and pupils dilated in the dim light. For once, he's not wearing the hat, hair framing his features with an almost otherworldly shimmer.
Steve's already given most of his soul to this cause, sawing off bits and pieces of himself to earn them all one more day of freedom, one more day of being. Might as well offer up whatever's left, too.
, yet still wanting and keeping him despite the greatest of odds, Tony's been getting… more comfortable. He knows that. He is very aware of that.
Finally, after a few relatively relaxed but maybe a little too comfortable years, it has all accumulated to form… this. Him, Tony Stark of the present day, who is looking soft and vulnerable and not at all like he can hold his own in a fight against Villain of the Week.
Steve only has to lunge at him.
Steve knew he looked dumbstruck, like a fish out of water, but he'd just had one of the best orgasms of his life and he couldn't be bothered to employ more brainpower than the one needed to raise a single, questioning eyebrow at their audience.
In the end, Peter still derived from a simple family. He had no highborn ancestors to show for, no blue blood running in his veins. The first words he returned in response to Lord Stark's offer were to remind him of the young man's origin; words which were of no use, as the other was quick to render this argument void.
These words seemed to fulfill their purpose, however – the drunken Lord stood abruptly and stumbled past the rows of chairs, his guard quickly following suit. The prospect of public humiliation appeared to be more frightening to him than any threat of violence.
The light is bright and blinding, and all he can make out is the outline of a person shielding him against the worst of it as they kneel above him. He blinks slowly, the process of moving his eyelids a difficult one, but with time, the picture of the person in front of him sharpens.
He starts thinking about nurseries, cribs, nests, rompers and pacifiers–all in reds and golds, because yes, he's indeed that petty.
“If by ‘found a way’ you mean Scott Lang found
"Impressive, but I'm still at a loss here. What's all this supposed to mean?" Tony asks into the void, staring at the space where the image of Yinsen had stood just a few seconds ago.
Siree Danvers did not care for the things proclaimed right and just in the eyes of others. In any case, everyone had their own idea of morale and honor – some drew the line at infidelity, other men saw no wrong in fathering a bastard or two.
He becomes slower. The fatigue settles in his bones like lead, and yet he’s too agitated to sleep at the same time. As the days go by, a never-ending headache comes to life and pounds behind his temples. He’s unsteady on his feet. He walks with a bit of a sway and learns to regret collapsing into his seat when his head ends up spinning with the rapid movement.
For all his philandering, Anthony Stark seemed to take remarkably little interest in the intimacies of women.
When he lifts his head from his chest with a strain, Steve has him laid out over his lap, an arm on his back holding up his upper body while another hand rubs up and down his arm that looks disturbingly delicate underneath Steve’s palm. Tony hears the shouts and the frantic voices; someone’s turning the compound upside down in search of a medic right now, but he knows it won’t be long. He can feel it in his flesh, as macabre as the thought is, the long, bony fingers of death elongating themselves in their reach for him, not quite there but close enough to be tangible.
ravages Tony again. Somewhere far away Tony notices him rummaging through the nightstand at their left, but it's all drowned out by the urgency of Steve's declaration and the memory of his gaze boring into Tony's, almost in pleading as though his understanding of Steve's feelings is somehow paramount to the other man's very survival.
And finally,
In the hallway, the front door’s flung open, Maria’s stomps announcing her return.
Tony wishes he could say the same for the other ways the need expresses itself.
Lord Stark seemed to land on his backside quite a lot.
He takes one last look at the hologram of the file projected in front of him.
And he’s right: in the kitchen is Steve, performing an artful dough-flip. He must’ve heard him approach, but seems to be too preoccupied to lift his head until Tony slips into his field of view. His subdued smile grows tenfold when he lays eyes on Tony. It’s an easy smile to return. Tony settles at the kitchen island, making grabby hands at the steaming jug already sitting by the coffee maker.
When they part, Tony chases after Steve's lips and huffs an exaggerated, annoyed breath when he catches himself. To distract from the slip-up, he sniffs and says, “So much for making it home for dinner.”
The knight did not have to think for long.
,” he taps his index finger against his temple, slow and deliberate. There's a manic sort of glee in his eyes. ”I know every mechanism, every circuit, every
Suit of armor around the world. 'Tony, we’re leaving the scepter alone, that’s a team decision.' 'Tony, you know it wouldn’t have been worth the risk.' I’m not hearing any of that now, am I?”
at the demonstration, but doesn't look all too bothered by the news. Maybe he's even on the taller side here, considering his designation.
He’s always believed this line of business would kill him before he’d retire. He even made his peace with it, somewhere down the road. That’s simply the price someone like him pays for redemption.
There's a momentary silence. When the similarities become evident, Steve releases a slow breath through his teeth. Now that a correlation between the two is on the table, the amount of possible implications are overwhelming. Little does he know the worst is yet to come.
The delirious babble must be the product of Steve gradually wearing him down this evening and his general post-coital candor (there's a reason he quickly made himself scarce after every tumble in the sheets during the early days of their relationship). Because Tony, frankly, doesn't care whatsoever about anything but the feeling of Steve, the way it's making him drool into the pillow, dizzy and stupid until he's so far past any rational thought he doesn't even pause to think of what's about to spill out of him.
"If I ever– made you feel less, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, and I never would," Steve says firmly, once again cutting through Tony's internal ramblings.
Until they get to the bottom of this–because there
"Even that one time in the kitchen when I sneezed and you–"
"How's she doin'? You both gettin' along?" he asks, almost deliberately avoiding any question regarding Tony's well-being. Tony isn't sure whether to feel grateful or humiliated.
The herd is moving, agitation tangible in the air. A few of the animals pass Tony close by, fast as can be in the snow, their eye-whites showing and signaling anxiety.
He hides it well, but Tony picks up on the distant waver in his voice all the same. The man swallows, Adam's apple bobbing, and then his hand comes up and his thumb wipes over a spot on Tony's cheek that stings when touched.
He shudders as he feels Steve's spend painting his insides, a rush of warm liquid in his gut. It's a sensation that is as strange as it is arousing, and he clenches around Steve's length until the other man has stopped rutting through his orgasm. Steve's eyes flutter open, his expression positively dazed but also weirdly lovestruck, and Tony feels his throat tighten as Steve's gaze lingers.
usually reserved for when he's 53 hours into a workshop binge and his neurons are firing a million miliamperes per second and his eyes are bloodshot and his smile is manic because
and they'll be joined. Tony fights the instinctual need to clench up as he feels the press against his rim and holds his breath until–
The first time Natalia Romanova saw herself face to face with the great Lord Stark, she near broke two fingers on his right hand.
And if he doesn't, well. He can imagine worse ways to go than the one where Steve Rogers is the last thing he sees. Really, they say freezing to death is peaceful.
And again, Steve can only return the truth.
The security gate opens for today’s issuing of rations, a couple of guards setting foot in the wagon as they roll the food cart in. Only that nobody will get any rations today. All they’ll get today is blood, and hopefully, salvation – by whatever means.
"Now, I ask you: Would you consider it within your realm of ability to assume this duty, Lord Rhodes?"
He thinks he's doing a pretty good job at hiding the uncalled-for hurt in his voice when he answers, "No, I do. I understand, Tony. It's only right to put your daughter first. Probably wouldn't be a good call to stay here anyway, after… everything."
He pauses, unsure of how to continue. She takes his silence as a deliberate pause, nodding hesitantly in response to his words.
pain like only a living being feels, as far from undead as can be.
While Rogers keeps preparing the firewood, Tony finishes his task and then starts to transfer everything they’ll need inside – supplies, blankets, spare pots and pans, and an armful of candles for when the kerosene runs out. They don’t have any fuel with them that Tony can see, and the lamps inside aren’t oil ones. (You don't want to put oil in a kerosene lamp; Tony tried once, and burned his eyebrows off. Who knew you could look hideous just losing some facial hair?)
Steve might smash his face into the counter and simply keep going if Tony lets go to wrap a hand around his weeping dick and fails to steady himself because of it, so everything he can do is rub himself off on the protruding edge of the cutlery drawer. It requires him to hitch his hips forward a little, which in turn makes Steve chase his heat until he’s pressed flush against the counter. It’s good, so good, and the sensations keep piling up, both teeth and fingers digging into his skin, marking him, and fuck–
"Tony left a recording for us, before–" She cuts herself off and hesitates for a moment. "I think he'd want you to see it as well."
His eyes close almost by themselves once he feels Tony's breath on his lips, every other part of him motionless. The shorter man lowers his hands onto Steve's chest to push himself up on his toes and finally press his lips down.
"Don't make me ask, sweetheart," Steve warns. He thumbs the little device in his left pocket. Tony knows perfectly well what happens when he has to ask.
fast. As they follow suit (albeit at a more measured pace), he mentions his observation to Tony, who promptly snickers.
“What I
Maria looks away. "When you're sad. About papa. You get really weird, and you think I don't know," she says, and the way her voice fades into a whisper at the end hurts something in his core.
He's braced against the counter with one arm, his gaze inquisitive as he regards Tony. His eyes are narrowed just so, and Tony's heart rate spikes with the irrational fear that the stranger and his piercing blue eyes know perfectly well what he's been thinking of.
They had both matured over the years, so when Lord Anthony and Sir Rhodes, now Captain of the Guard, received word of a madman overrunning the outer regions of the kingdom with a tireless, ruthless army that was said to comprise of roughly four thousand mounted soldiers and another six on foot, it was evident the king and all high and low royals would have to join forces if they hoped to vanquish this tyrant and stop the bloodshed of innocents.
A miracle that'll make it all undone, maybe. With a start, he moves closer, his legs working on their own. Thor is already there, a few feet in distance between him and the three people kneeling around Tony -- Pepper, Rhodey, the kid -- and only when Steve finds himself next to the demi-god does he stop.
fairy dust left to prove anything was ever there at all.
A tear escapes the man’s eye, perhaps as a result of physical exertion or desperation; either way, it's Steve's doing and more than satisfactory. When he blinks to clear his vision, another drop follows.
"How I got here was more of an accident. I'm from another, uh, place. A world, like yours. It sounds crazy even to my own ears, believe me. Where I'm from– most things are the same, but there's a few key differences. I think you might've noticed that, too."
It was thrilling. Almost addictive, really, which became evident when Steve studied his own reaction more closely – his every muscle was straining with the effort to hold back, rein himself in and not give into the wild, animalistic desire that wanted him to plunge headfirst into that too-good feeling no holds barred.
Now that he’s aware of his aching erection, not waking from his semi-conscious doze suddenly seems a lot more challenging than it previously did, but he thinks he can hold off for a little while longer. Float in the sleep-drunken haze while it lasts. Enjoy the feeling of Tony, close and warm and alive.
Steve laughs and leans back to look at him. Tony immediately misses the close contact. "There's no occasion," he says. "Can't a guy treat his fella to a nice dinner without any ulterior motives?"
After his men had carried the unconscious Lord Stark off the field, James found himself face to face with a dirty blond man looking just the other side of thirty whom the battle had left the worse for wear.
Tony perks up, following his eye line. "Oh, Pepper was here," he says, "she and Happy are taking Maria until tomorrow. It's a monthly thing."
“Young Miss did indeed beat her previous best time of 24.79 by 3.83 seconds. 20.96 seconds for a 550 foot distance traveled by an electrically driven miniature speedboat is a record thus far unchallenged, provided that the entries in the Guinness World Records at my disposal are valid and up-to-date.”
He doesn't mean to, really, but it's only so long until rehashing every minor detail of your past and present existence will start to get on your nerves. The things he hoped to get an answer to were more or less brushed off by the man in the beginning – they'll consider retrieving the Tesseract, yes, but since the odds that it'll take him back where he came from are little to none, it might end up being too great of a risk to take for such a small chance of pay-off.
The second thing Tony thinks is, as shameful and hilariously self-denying as it sounds,
The sleep in Tony's features makes way for a groggy smile. "Alright. Breakfast first, bathroom second, and then you can go," he allows, eyes softening as his daughter jumps in delight. She grabs her bowl of Fruit Loops and sits at the table across from Steve, shoveling spoonfuls into her mouth at record speed until Tony tells her to slow down.
He was always unable remain still, with inaction feeling alien to his very being. Even now, as the ashen faces of his ghosts lurk in every corner and guilt feeds a bottomless abyss in the pit of his stomach, he can’t bear to let his misery be channeled into something as callous as apathy.
When he returned the parchment, he smiled and bid the messenger goodbye politely, but James saw the devious spark in his eyes as the man left the tent.
For the first time, Steve gets the chance to look at him. He's not ashamed to admit that he's drinking in the sight like a dying man. It's a feeling beyond compare, seeing the healthy color of Tony's skin and the spark of life in his eyes.
A little undecided, he looks around the kitchen space for ingredients for a meal that would be easiest to whip together without making a mess. Tony did say to make himself at home, but Steve has his doubts whether that extends to cooking privileges. He hopes it does, because God, he could use a
“ What the hell are you doing Sir?”, Steve was scared for a moment, before realizing that his boyfriend’s father was watching them sleep like a creep.
“ Well, you can stop calling your baby ‘
“ I..I can’t tell you. I am sorry.”, Sam whispered. Tony looked at him in confusion.
“ I am here to see Dr. Stark.”, Steve said while looking around, patients were wandering in the lobby. A lot of white uniformed men and women were around, nurses probably. The man gave him directions to Dr. Stark’s cabin and he followed. He knocked and then entered the office.
“ Does he even need guards? He only has one hand.”, Steve asked in doubt.
“ I work for my father too Bucky. There is no impostor.”, Tony started the speech again.
“ It’s alright Dr. Rogers go ahead, I don’t mind.”, Howard grinned and Steve cursed under his breath. He was aware that Tony was looking at him. He had no excuse left but to do the scan in front of them now. He asked Peter to lift his shirt but he didn’t move. Steve did it himself and spread the gel on his belly, which was now exposed in front of Howard. He was looking at his naked flesh with hungry eyes and Peter started shaking terribly. He closed his eyes and grabbed the sheets on the bed. Steve could see the difference in fetal heart monitor on the machine. His blood pressure was spiking to a dangerous point.
“ Oh. Here, Parker’s file, there is a lot of paperwork missing.”, Tony took the file and started looking.
“ Steve wait, I have to talk to my Dad.”, but Steve didn’t listen, he just took him far away from Howard’s office.
“ Do I have to sleep in here too?”, he asked with a smirk. Dr. Anthony pushed him to the nearest wall and placed a hungry kiss on his lips.
“ If I give you your child, will you let Howard go?”, he asked again. It’s the least he could do for the man who gave him a job after his Aunt died. Howard, no, the being wearing Howard Stark’s body laughed.
They sat in silence for the remaining hour. Peter was taken away by one of the nurses to his room. Steve put his head in his hands. A nineteen year old with so much pain held inside, that he has no faith in words anymore. He tried to look at his file, a police report or anything, but there was none, which was odd because it was a rape case. He wrapped up his file and locked his cabin. Peter needs help and Steve needs complete information.
“ But? What you gonna do?”, Sam asked, and Tony gaped at him. He has never talked to him like that.
“ Nah man, you have it. It’s the least I can do.”, Bucky looked up, his smile saddened. Sam is the only one who understands him in this hell hole. Their friendship started in a very unconventional way. He broke his hand and then felt really guilty when he came to his senses. So, when Sam came back after his leave, Bucky offered him his pudding at lunch. He doesn’t have anything else to offer anyway. Sam accepted. After that, the few words that he shares with him during lunch are the highlight of his boring day. Sam often saves his dessert for him. It’s against the rules but Sam is head of security, so he gets away with stuff. He finished his jello. His good mood didn’t last long, because Brock Rumlow was standing in the corner with someone.
With fumbling fingers, he pulls the bottle out and the cork off. He doesn’t, as would be the sensible thing to do, fill his flask and leave it at that. The haze of his craving has him chugging the last remains of his supply, and when the final drop lands on his tongue, Tony blinks in bewilderment like it hasn’t all disappeared in his own greedy throat but dried up with the snap of a finger that he had no control over whatsoever. When the severity of the situation dawns on him, it takes his all (the fear of Rogers seeing and looking askance at him in his misery) not to smash the bottle on the floor in frustration.
He blinks, and when he slowly opens his eyes again, he can make out the desperately suppressed panic in Stark's features, the strain of his fingers where they're clutching his bruised knees to his chest and, incredibly, the way his wide-open eyes are pleading for…mercy.
See, he can't be blamed for being a little over-eager. Steve could have sought out exclusive brothels or asked for all the premium escorts the city could possibly offer. It was even suggested to him during one of his physical exams; celibacy isn't recommended for someone of his kind, who should be working off stress in ways other than violence.
This has been his body’s last act of defiance. Resisting, clinging to life, holding on. And now that it has persevered and achieved a final, stubborn feat of endurance, it feels content to let go. After all this time, this is what gets him. Not Afghanistan, not the many people in whose way he stood, not the heartbreak, not the snap. This.
Tony’s response is a long-drawn ‘uh’, visibly overwhelmed by the sudden demand. His daughter rolls her eyes playfully and doesn’t seem to want to wait for him to solve the riddle, because she tells him, “Broke my record. Tell him, JARVIS!”
They had a chance. Tony likes to think they could’ve made it, even if he can’t really tell wishful thinking and sound reasoning apart anymore. He wants to believe that it’s only the unfavorable circumstances and bad timing that made them crash and burn in the end–not that they were incompatible. No, they matched. They were synchronized, scarily so. Souls attuned to the same frequency, Tony didn't think, because he's never considered himself a true equal to Steve Rogers.
Then, it's over.
If Pierce knows one thing, it's how to give grand words meaning.
Steve pretends not to already miss the intimacy and warmth of Tony’s shape nestled alongside his. He rolls onto his back and stares at the ceiling until Tony says, quietly this time, “You could’ve just let me breathe for a full minute, and I might’ve even seen your point.”
Steve forces himself not to look away as he brings down the knife. The overcoming of the urge to avert his eyes is almost a physical pain, but he knows he doesn’t have the right to speak of pain right now.
Anthony’s voice carried both a playful and taunting undercurrent; the message in it could be interpreted in whichever way the listener chose to. This was how he would typically test the waters.
Tony knows that he has slacked off, just a little.
Before Tony gets to argue his case, Rogers turns on his heel and stomps out into the night, the safety latch on the rifle clicking as it's released. The herd isn't far off; their bodies, pressed together, are a single dark splotch visible from camp. Still, the light doesn't reach out there. Rogers might know his way around a gun alright, but even he won't be able to hit any targets when he can't see them.
Pepper eyed him with tangible disapprovement when he first donned the new arc reactor, which Tony thinks is unreasonable because personal safety doesn’t get any better than this. The nanites expand where his current condition calls for it and reinforce the Mark 50 around the spine and lower body without giving up crucial amounts of manoeuvrability.
Steve hums quietly to himself as he cooks. The kitchen window has a nice view. With a dense forest in the back, the lake lies there still and dark, surface blanketed in a thin veil of mist. The early morning light drenches the world in bright, crisp shades, and Steve almost burns his breakfast admiring the peaceful scenery.
muscle more is going to change that. And if you want to do something about it, if you don't… if you decide you don't feel comfortable at all, then go for it. But just know that it makes no difference to me either way, because I'll be here no matter what. You're still the same man I fell in love with nine years ago."
"You sure you want–" Steve starts, now that he's still (mostly) got his head screwed on right, because while they share one enemy, their relationship isn't even on the verge of amicable.
he asks, wordlessly, hopefully, his brows drawn together in question. There must be something in Tony's face that betrays his answer, because Steve exhales in defeat before Tony even gets the chance to open his mouth.
His pelvis slams into Stark’s rear with brutish force every time he drives back in, and he squeezes his eyes shut to relish the glorious friction and warm moisture of the walls gripping him.
He makes an effort to have Tony come first.
There's a knock on the door.
Steve, who is real, earnest, and always speaks his mind,
Tony is aware there are many younger men who like a dad bod (he's not a cultural reject, thank you very much) and some fluff, but this is just sad. Like, this scenario right here could be part of some bad, amateur porn where he's about to pay the young, gorgeous specimen for a pity-fuck.
Steve walks over to him just as he's turning off the flow of water and puts his finally empty plate in with the others. When Tony doesn't make to move, he hesitates– maybe he should volunteer to do the chore?
limits; see how far he’ll go until drawing a line in the sand.
It's like they've overcome some sort of barrier that was impossible to get over a few weeks prior. Suddenly, Steve exists, is spoken to and invited to miniature motorboat races (which he loses) and generally treated like just a new family member. Like that happens every day.
Why would the Tesseract take him here?
This guy here looks just the part of the weary traveller who'd rather spend a night in the almost ghost town that is Red Rock instead of sleeping out in the open. As uninviting as it may be, it's better than to risk being mugged or murdered in your sleep somewhere in these parts. The town hasn't got any law enforcement save for a few residents with rifles and half-decent aim, but it's enough to keep the worst scum lurking out there from shooting up the place.
Tony's calmer, quieter. The lake house isn't the kind of place he'd have thought him to settle down in, but Steve can see why. Maybe he needs this, after everything that happened.
threats. But, seeing as that was less effective than expected… I had to promise I'd let them conduct a search – not that they're gonna find anything – and that you'd come in for questioning again if and when they consider it necessary."
Two days later, they finally come to rest: the wounded are taken care of, the stones returned to opposite sides of the universe, and Tony offers up the mansion as a temporary homebase. The estate isn’t doing much but collecting dust–he could imagine turning it into proper headquarters with time. It probably says something that he keeps giving his homes to the Avengers, but then–and that thought gives him a stunned little pause when he catches it–whom is a home for if not your family?
And, for maybe the first time in his life, Tony listens.
“You’re–" A teary hiccup. “You’re a selfish
He knocks, twice in quick succession.
gorgeous to a point Steve thought he felt his heart beat out of rhythm for a moment, like not even his enhanced body could cope with the amounts of dazzling, nearly ethereal beauty his senses were assaulted with.
"Knew leaving you alone with them was a bad idea," Tony says, nonchalant, but his shoulders slump as built-up tension leaves his body and he's fooling no one.
He flashed a sliver of teeth in an apologetic smile. "I am sure you have heard."
Tony swallows around the lump of tears forming in his throat.
The point is, Steve has actually heard him out, and the bottle of lube lands next to Tony on the mattress once he's used it to spread some of it on his
Steve grips his pen a little harder in annoyance and casts a glance at the pendulum clock on the wall opposite his desk. He has another five mission reports to go over and by the looks of it some bones to pick with three of the authors, whether figuratively or literally remains yet to be determined.
Filling his lungs with crisp air as he rounds the lake and then follows a path into the woods feels like being born anew. For the first time in what feels like ages, Steve doesn't think; his mind is wonderfully quiet, lacking all the incessant noise doubts and mistakes so often love to create. All the relief even has him forgetting about time for a while, and when he finally returns to the lakehouse, the sun has moved up to the center of the sky.
They're going to be late because of his unannounced emotional unraveling, and Steve's going to be fucking annoyed with him because he's not only got a boyfriend who's twenty plus years
Steve was quick to heed the demand. This was bound to be one of the best parts. His swollen tip nudged Tony's fucked-out entrance, and then he was gliding in, resistance made almost non-existent by the liquids sloshing inside him, and with one full, uninterrupted push, Steve was sheathed inside.
Seeing as there's no way to persuade this bull of a man otherwise once he's set his mind to something, Tony sees fit to take matters into his own hands. He'll be long gone once Rogers wakes up, and the man won't have another option but to stay here while Tony picks up the delivery – and hopefully convinces someone to get him a little something else next time around while he's at it.
disastrous self-reflection, but he didn't expect him to take it all that seriously.
It was none of their concern.
He's painfully aware he should've expected something like this from the beginning. It was Nebula, after all, who told him all about the circumstances in which her sister had died. She argued that Thanos wouldn't have laid a finger on his favorite daughter if it wasn't absolutely necessary, which led one to the conclusion that something happened on Vormir that inadvertently called for Gamora's death.
Tony finds himself not wanting to move from his spot on the side of the road outside the saloon, freezing and hurting yet he may be. The town is cloaked in shadows all but for the building behind him, and the stars shine differently out here.
Steve increased the pace steadily, not getting all too brave and (re)collecting himself when he felt the want to, and he soon built up a satisfying rhythm, long, deep strokes. They coaxed one wanton
Tony decides tackling his dietary habits can wait another day or two.
Thor laughed, Nat
The sun has disappeared from the horizon when they arrive at the cabin, its inside unlit and uninviting. Still, despite how worn down by time and weather the building looks – the boards washed out, stone chimney visibly crumbling, windows covered in old and new layers of dirt – it's preferable to the continually dropping temperatures nightfall brings. In another hour or so, it'll be freezing out.
sanity."
Tony's eyes wander around aimlessly, wide and glazed over as they speak to him, last consoling words for a man on the brink between life and death.
His complaints got stuck in his throat when Steve, still having him pinned against the tile as a side-effect of their play-fight, put all the energy he'd previously directed toward it now into a kiss more heated than the water had ever gotten.
She adds, "If you're the man I think you are, you'll find a way to do both," and turns to leave without a goodbye. The heavy thud of the door falling close drives home the point.
Natalia busied herself with the dissection of the overcooked piece of meat on her plate to drown out the sheer bloodlust that overcame her. It would be all too easy to throw her dagger across the table into Hammer's throat; the fool had no idea the sole reason for his continued survival was the unequaled self-control she possessed.
Maria narrows her eyes but opts to bite her lip, like she’s trying to hold in whatever she might’ve blurted out before. Tony wordlessly urges her to go on.
Stark locks onto the device and has the audacity to bark a laugh. “What, an EMP? Do I look like a kindergartener to–”
Tony thought he would
Naturally, Peter could not help himself. "How would… you be able to arrange this? Handing it all over to me, I mean. Surely it is not that easy?"
"I'm gonna take this evening and show you, in intricate and all-encompassing detail, how much
Nobody really seems all too excited about the concept of going back in time to put all the Infinity Stones back where they belong, but they’ll need to do it. Soon. Steve dreads it as well, revisiting a time when their past selves were so blissfully unaware of what's to come, but it has to be done. So he steps up.
“Fuck,” he breathes, because an attempt to articulate the wildly spinning clusterfuck of thoughts in his head would be an exercise in futility. “Remind me to tell you how much I love you more,” Tony adds, in-between his still heaving breath. His reflection looks like he’s gone five rounds minimum, which just goes to show how blessed he is to have Steve (and his stamina).
After a moment, Steve nods and squares his jaw, already formulating a plan in his mind. "Okay, I'll… I'll do a round of the house and check the locks, and then we can go through everything that happened one thing at a time. We'll figure this out."
Steve admits to himself that Stark's claims must be true when they first lay out their plans for him and explain their progress so far, which has the omega cutting in after only a moment to point out all the inconsistencies he's found. He's almost mad, at first, because Stark is right – the time it takes the guards to engage the safety protocols should suffice for them to make it from the first to the fourth security door, but there's too many unknown variables for the odds to be in their favor.
