John grabbed him. "No, don't! You'll hurt your knees!"
John followed Sherlock to the counter while Angelo disappeared into the back. Angelo reappeared quickly with a very old disc. He held it out to Sherlock. Sherlock took hold of it carefully. He gasped quietly. "
John bolted upright, jolted awake by the thud of something heavy dropping onto the footboard of his bed.
John closed and camouflaged the hatch. He walked a slow circle around his house and went back inside. When he went in, he and Sherlock smiled shyly at each other. The fire was dying.
“Let’s get this bit over with while we’re at it.” He tilted his head down and pushed his thick, wavy hair aside to reveal the horns at the top of his head. “I’ll thank you to keep the ‘horny’ jokes to yourself. I find them tiresome, and I can assure you I’ve already heard them all.” His horns were curled and delicate, ebony with intricate scarlet patterns.
(See the end of the chapter for
” he began, but stopped short. It was all going wrong. Sherlock was shutting him out. He pushed his anger down.
John leapt to his feet, fire in his eyes. "I thought I made myself clear!
"... Oh..."
know.”
He shrugged. “It’s one of my many gifts.”
Trigger warning for self-harm on these. He doesn't harm himself in the videos, but he is bleeding.
Although both men are now ostensibly retired, they continue to contribute regularly in their respective fields. Holmes is still publishing new music and teaching a small, elite collection of violinists. Watson continues to be involved in the day-to-day operations of the Watson Holmes Foundation, a nonprofit organization which he and Holmes established in 1983 to fund HIV/AIDS research and education. The Foundation also subsidizes medical care and basic needs for people living with HIV/AIDS.
John growled. He dialed Sherlock's number again. Busy. He waited a minute and tried again. Still busy.
"How did you know Mike kept it?"
Sherlock let John pull him up onto the couch and collapsed next to him. "Oh my God, John," he said, still panting.
Sherlock looked down at his notebook, fidgeting with it for a moment. "Well, there's a colony here." He pointed up into the trellis.
," he whimpered.
"Get rid of them, of course! Honestly, John, what a question."
He squeezes Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock took the disc from John and looked at it. He flipped it over to look at the back. "This one really isn't his best work. Do you have 'Killer
Sherlock looked down at John. "I just figured it out!" He leaned closer. "
Sherlock hadn't said anything. John lifted his head to look at him. Sherlock's smile was incandescent. "I think it's
"It's not... too technical?"
" Sherlock was blindly reaching out for John, trying to take hold of him in return. John put his left hand out and caught Sherlock's hand. He pulled it to his mouth. He kept hold of Sherlock's cock with his right hand as he put two of Sherlock's fingers into his mouth. Sherlock cried out wordlessly. John stroked Sherlock's fingers with his tongue. He then licked Sherlock's palm. Sherlock was trembling and moaning under John.
7:30am
Sherlock, flustered:
Sherlock looked down. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John start to reach out to him, then pull his hand back. The ache in Sherlock's heart surged.
Holmes was born in southeast England. He studied composition and violin performance in London at the prestigious Royal Academy of Music, and relocated to Kansas City in 1972 when he was offered the concertmaster position with the Kansas City Philharmonic. He has been a prominent presence in Kansas City's classical music community for over forty years.
"John," Sherlock whispered. John's hands found their way into Sherlock's hair as he leaned down. He tentatively pressed his lips against Sherlock's.
. We're going to make it, just as you said. Now tell me about the ship."
Sherlock gave him an imperious glare. "
John couldn't breathe. He struggled to pull his wallet out of his pocket with shaking hands and threw some cash onto the table for the drinks they'd ordered.
John screamed, "Sherlock!" His voice was faint and tinny in his damaged ears. His lungs were full of smoke. He coughed and retched. "Sherlock!" The smoke was burning his eyes. He couldn't see anything but smoke and blood, shredded fabric and twisted metal. He got up and started running, stumbling over debris and bodies. He looked at each ruined face, none of them Sherlock's. He screamed again, "
"Why?"
John nodded, then tilted his head toward his left hand. Sherlock looked down and saw John tap his finger. Sherlock's heart swelled. He returned the signal. John grinned brightly at Sherlock and went into the shop.
Sherlock released John and sat back on his heels. He pulled desperately at his own belt and opened his trousers. John slid down the wall, dropping onto his knees in front of Sherlock. As he tried to catch his breath, he pushed his legs out past Sherlock's side and sat against the wall. He reached out and took hold of Sherlock's upper arms. By this time Sherlock had his underwear pushed partway down his hips.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=17lEx0ytE_0
And just as John feared he would lose consciousness from overarousal, Sherlock snapped upright, completely composed.
, damn it!" The Vega strained, but the engine wouldn't catch. John let go and slumped back against the seat with an aggravated groan. He yanked the key out of the ignition and hit the dashboard again. "
"Because I met you. Breaking my leg brought me to you." He squeezed John's hand. "It was worth the injury. It would be worth many injuries to spend even a moment with you."
"I don't know. But I am." He smiled and put his hands on Mike's shoulders. "More than I've ever been sure about anything."
“We’re not vampires. We’re incubi.”
Sherlock was looking at him with a wounded expression now.
John cried out. "Oh! Sherlock!" Sherlock squirmed under John's body. John moaned in response, shoving his hands into Sherlock's hair and kissing him heatedly.
As Sherlock watched, John put the bag of flatbread into a pack which clearly already had several items inside. Sherlock quickly closed his eyes when John lifted the pack. He listened as John placed the pack under the foot of the bed. Sherlock kept his eyes closed for several minutes.
John breaks away again. He rests his forehead on Sherlock's and closes his eyes.
Sherlock stretched sideways across the large bed and fixed his eyes on John's. "You too, John.
"I made it across the bridge, but the water..." Sherlock stopped for a moment. "The water was deeper than I thought it was on the other side. I lost my footing."
John was gaping openly at Sherlock now.
John gave him a rueful smile and said, "Maybe not. I took an arrow through that shoulder two years ago. Try looping your arm around my neck and grabbing your other hand. That should keep your weight off my shoulder."
to be a trick. An illusion. Was
John grinned back, shook his head, and refocused on his food. After dinner, he took Sherlock back to his apartment for a drink.
I'm ready. Listen to me. I just said I
Sherlock grinned sheepishly and went to a pad of paper next to his telephone. John followed him. After Sherlock handed him the slip of paper, John took the pencil out of Sherlock's hand and wrote his own number on the pad. He folded Sherlock's number carefully and put it in his pocket.
"You heard me. Let's go."
John took a deep breath and walked to him as steadily as he could manage.
Sherlock looked stricken. "I wouldn't tease you like that." He put his hand out and grabbed John's sleeve. "I'm serious. It's wonderful. Your home. Everything has a purpose. There's no wasted space. Nothing frivolous. It's
Sherlock recoiled in disgust.
building is
Sherlock paused and looked away. "I was trying to reach the port. There was a ship to Athens." He looked at John again. "I'll never make it on this leg. But it doesn't matter. I wasn't running
He let Sherlock in and shut the door behind him. He was swept into a tight embrace as soon as he had the door locked. John held on to Sherlock for a long time, resting his head on Sherlock's chest. Sherlock rested his cheek on top of John's head.
John pulled back reluctantly. "Dinner's almost ready. Come on."
John shuddered, his eyes fluttering shut briefly. "Sherlock, I want to make sure I understand. Are you saying you want to... have a sexual relationship?"
John took a deep breath. "Will you... would you like to come over to my place?"
He stomped back into his apartment and called Sarah to tell her it would take him longer to arrive now that he had to walk. He hung up and stared at the phone for a moment. He picked it back up and dialed Sherlock's number. Busy signal. John slammed the receiver onto the hook and walked out.
," he added disdainfully. "You won't be here to assist me. I've become quite... accustomed to your presence. I simply can't allow anything to interfere."
John rolled away and got up. He removed the condom and disposed of it in the bin. He laid back down. "Come here, Gorgeous."
John's heart leapt at the sight. He'd been feeling guilty, afraid he had aggravated Sherlock's grief over leaving Apollo behind when he chose Beau.
Any other observer would not have known anything had been disturbed. But John knew these woods like the back of his hand. He took in every detail he could from his position atop the hill.
John let his head fall back onto Sherlock's left shoulder. His voice was broken. "Y-yes."
"Were you able to salvage anything?"
Sherlock cried out loudly and pushed his hands down to John's ass, grabbing it and forcing John down against him even more tightly. "John," he groaned as John nipped at his neck.
Unfortunately, the only reply John could muster was a terribly undignified noise.
The demon let out a low, filthy chuckle. He dropped onto John’s mattress.
"Good." Sherlock let out another quiet moan. "You're so gorgeous like this. Someday, when we have enough time and enough privacy, I'm going to keep you like this for
Sherlock didn't respond.
“It would behove you not to try my patience further. While my stated intention is to take that big, fat cock of yours down my throat and give you the greatest pleasure you have ever known, do not for
"It's no problem, John. I'll drive. You're at your flat?"
"Thank you." Sherlock smiled at him again.
"We talked about this, Mom."
John smiled at him before sitting back down.
John's POV
Sherlock stared down at him, astonishment on his sharply beautiful face. “What was that?”
Watson laughed. "He prefers his own methods."
"Open your eyes."
"Hngh." John realized he was still holding the door open. He quickly closed and locked it. He turned to look at Sherlock again. His face felt hot. "I... I've never seen you... dressed like that."
John sat up and looked at him. "Sherlock. I've heard quite enough about what other people think about you. I don't care about them. And I don't want someone like me. I want
John pulled back and wiped the tears off Sherlock's face. Sherlock smiled radiantly and gently brushed a tear off John's cheek. "Help me up, John. Let's see what we can do to save your photos."
Sherlock smiled ruefully. "She wasn't a 'poor girl,' and I assure you I didn't break her heart. I'm quite sure she's glad to see me gone."
The idea that this stunning creature was willing to suck his cock was unbelievable already, but to think that he was getting off on it was too much. John saw the pleasure bloom on Sherlock’s face the moment his hand reached its destination.
Sherlock looked at John again. "Then tell your mother you won't keep meeting these women."
The bigger one scowled. "Seen anyone else come through in the last few days?"
John opened his eyes and looked down when he felt Sherlock tugging at his arm. Sherlock pulled off and looked up at him. He continued stroking John's wet cock with his other hand. John whimpered at the sight of his face, mouth wet and eyes dark. Sherlock pulled his arm again, almost dislodging John's hand from his mouth. "Let go. I want to hear you."
John slowly rose up and stumbled toward him. Sherlock sat back down and helped John prop himself up next to Sherlock. John looked quite grey.
"I don't know. Because I'm a human being? Just let me see your damned leg."
The man sighed. "Who are you?"
He was watching a young boy throw dirt clods at the birds when two king's guards came around the corner. Sherlock was seized by terror, his heart suddenly pounding. He tipped his head slightly lower, hiding his face further but still watching.
He gently pushed Sherlock back. "Not yet. Together," he said as he guided Sherlock down onto his back.
"What are you looking for?" Watson asked him.
Sherlock made an exasperated noise, but let John up. John dressed quickly. He took care of the fire so Sherlock would be warm while he was gone.
John watched and listened carefully as the orchestra played the rest of Scheherazade. Sherlock had solos throughout, and he was beautifully expressive each time. John was captivated.
Just.
Sherlock was beginning to calm when John reappeared. He put his arms down.
John lingered over each of Sherlock's nipples, appreciating the whimpers he was drawing out of the gorgeous man in his bed. He felt Sherlock's hand fall against the back of his head, fingers pushing into his hair. John pulled back an inch and held still. He didn't budge when Sherlock's hand pressed down on his head. Sherlock groaned in frustration.
“Mind reader, are you?”
it. But I can't lose my job and my family."
“I want to see all of you.” John couldn’t bear to have anything between them any longer. Not even a pair of ridiculous leather trousers. “Please, Sherlock.”
They were quiet for a long time, but the silence that had fallen over them was broken when John's stomach growled loudly. Sherlock giggled. "Hungry, are you?"
John's cheeks flushed hot. He looked away. "If you're ready, I'll take you to the ship."
John pulled back far enough to breathe. He plunged down again, taking Sherlock in to the root. Sherlock couldn't take any more. He came hard, his hands flying into John's hair. He cried out even more loudly and his body jerked uncontrollably.
"Now loop your arm around my neck and grab your other hand."
Sherlock put one hand under John's chin and lifted his head. He looked into John's eyes, clearly checking to make sure he was comfortable before going further. John smiled and pressed a kiss onto Sherlock's mouth. He pulled back, nodded slightly, and reached for the waistband of Sherlock's trousers. When he had thrown the trousers over the chair with Sherlock's shirt and vest, John took a step back to look at Sherlock.
John pushed Sherlock back to look at him. Blood ran freely down his temple, mingling with the floodwater. John's hands immediately went to Sherlock's scalp, checking the severity of the damage. He frantically looked Sherlock over. "Where else are you hurt?"
"Love you, too. See you soon."
"I hope you're right, John."
Sherlock nodded silently. They approached the inn. Sherlock moved off to the side as John went in. Sherlock counted out sixty seconds and approached the door. He entered quietly, keeping his hood low and moving directly to the back. He ducked into the hall and entered the third door on the left. The room was small, containing two single beds and a small table. There was a window high on the wall. Sherlock lit the candle on the table, as the sunlight was fading away rapidly. He sat down on the bed on the right. He propped his aching leg up, leaned against the wall, and sighed in relief.
"Don't be."
John leaned across Greg to address Sherlock, using it as a pretext to deliberately invade Greg’s space. “I said
"Do you think they're really gone?" Sherlock asked quietly.
John's brow furrowed. "Whose name?" He squinted down at the chart in his hands, unable to remember whose it was.
Sherlock let out a frustrated sigh. "There is a high probability that dating will lead you away from The Work. As that outcome is not acceptable, I must insist that you no longer date." Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest. It was a start. If he could stop John from dating, it would buy him time to work out how to tell John the whole truth of his... predicament.
Sherlock looked immensely pleased with himself as he continued to torment John by stroking his own body. He tweaked each nipple in turn before moving on to his abdomen. Finally he reached the waistband of his ridiculous leather trousers. He made a show of further loosening the lacing at the front.
John ran back down the hill. When he reached the cellar hatch, he started calling out quietly. "It's me, Sherlock, it's me, I'm back." He swept the leaves away and opened the hatch. Sherlock looked as terrified as John felt.
John was ravenously hungry when he woke. He slipped carefully out of bed without waking Sherlock.
Sherlock didn't respond.
." He pulled Sherlock's head up so he could look at his face.
"I rather think
Sherlock hadn't noticed John. He was alternating between peering into the trellis and writing in a notebook. John slowed as he approached Sherlock's bench. He stopped a couple of feet away and put his hands on his hips. "What are you doing?" he asked.
Sherlock waited while John took another moment.
As the waiter set their drinks on the table, Sherlock came back and sat down again. He arranged himself artfully in his chair, leaning back and crossing his legs. He draped one arm over his knee and rested the other on the table. The buttons on his expensive-looking black shirt were barely holding.
Sherlock finally bent his knees, dragging his cock down John's belly until it met John's. John shuddered and let out a sob of relief. Sherlock reclaimed John's mouth with his own as he began to roll his hips purposefully. John was gasping for breath. He clutched at Sherlock's shoulders, trying to keep him down where John wanted him. He was almost there, almost there.
..." He turned his head to the side. His voice was choked. "
." John's heart thudded in his chest.
"What about you, John? Why are you out here in the middle of the woods?"
Sherlock was at a loss. "But... how can you value my safety over your own?"
John's mouth fell open, a low groan escaping him as a heavy throb of arousal rushed down between his legs. He finished rinsing his hair and opened his eyes.
"There must have been interesting things there. Art, music, sport..."
John flinched when he heard the baritone voice. This man's instincts must rival his own. No one should have been able to sense his approach.
"I... no. I just... wasn't prepared for... this. You. Is that...
John gasped and clutched at the sheet. He watched, spellbound, as the demon crawled forward.
After what must have been an hour at the rail, Sherlock was finally confident that he didn't have anything else to bring up. He allowed himself to stumble back and sit down. He slumped forward. Standing at the rail hadn't done his leg any favours. It throbbed mercilessly. After a moment, Sherlock lifted his head to check on John. John was still crumpled on the deck. Sherlock wanted to help him, but was in no position to be able to. He let his head drop back down.
John:
John saw the pile of gold on the table and sighed in frustration. "How many times do I have to tell you? I don't want your gold." He scooped it up in both of his hands. "Dear God, I've never seen so much gold. How did you think you'd get by on your own after giving me all of it?"
Sherlock looked at him. "John?"
.” John managed, still quite dazed.
John hovered over Sherlock, letting him control the kiss. Sherlock was tense and trembling beneath him. After a few minutes, John took control, kissing Sherlock deeply and settling his body on top of Sherlock's. He nudged his knees between Sherlock's and stroked his hands down Sherlock's sides to his waist. Sherlock whimpered as John rolled his hips against him. John dragged both hands back up Sherlock's sides and over his arms. He gripped both of Sherlock's forearms and pulled them away from John's body. Sherlock made a bereft little noise that turned into a whine of arousal as John pushed his arms over his head and pinned his wrists to the mattress.
Sherlock looked stricken. "I'm so sorry, John. Give me a moment to dress. I'll help you." He started to sit up, wincing.
"No, John. I'm fine. And truthfully, if you had, I wouldn't mind." Sherlock put his clean hand in John's hair and pulled him into a languid kiss. John put his arm over the side of the bed and retrieved his handkerchief to clean them up.  When he was finished, John shifted his weight to the side and rested half on top of Sherlock. He laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "I love you, Sherlock."
of those things. If she didn't want you, then she was a great fool and she didn't deserve you."
Sherlock lifted his head, pushed off of the car, and stood up straight. His expression was hard. "Why are you here, John?"
Sherlock looked down at John. John's eyes burned into his. Sherlock whined at the sight of John on his knees in front of him.
John was at a loss. "Why?"
" he whispered. "Is it really you?"
Sherlock burst out laughing. It was beautiful. "You're right. No one has ever done that to me. I suppose that puts being asked to 'play a tune' into perspective."
John snickered again and pulled the glass back. "Sorry. Couldn't resist." He set the glass down. "So, what do you do, Sherlock?"
Sherlock untied his cloak and pushed it off his shoulders. He looked up. John realized he'd been staring
John reacted without thinking, leaping forward and grabbing the man's shirt. He yanked the man back out of the street. The man jabbed his elbow into John's ribs, and they both overbalanced and tumbled down onto the sidewalk. John hit the pavement hard, landing on his left shoulder. He cried out in pain. The man dropped on top of him for a split second before leaping to his feet and towering over John with fury in his eyes. "
Sherlock, his face flushing pink:
John's voice was quiet and choked. "I'll never forget you, either."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and took a deep breath. He tipped his head back and looked at the ceiling, letting the breath out slowly.
"Why?"
Sherlock grabbed John's jumper with both hands and pulled him back in.
"We should keep your things packed in case you need to hide. We'll need to hide them with you. I'd have a hard time explaining where I got a vielle, and gold, and the other fine things you probably have in there."
Monday, August 22nd, 1977
Sherlock's hands tightened on John's shirt and hair. He leaned back slightly, dragging John downward. John ran his hands over Sherlock's shoulders and down his body. His pushed his tongue into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock let out a low moan. John's hands had reached Sherlock's hips. He pushed them under his shirt. Sherlock's skin was soft. John sighed against Sherlock's mouth. He could feel Sherlock's muscles contracting as he began tugging at John's shirt. Sherlock loosened the laces at the top and pulled it up. John broke their kiss to allow Sherlock to pull his shirt off over his head.
John sighed against Sherlock's chest. "I love you, too.
Sherlock looked at Mike again.
John's hands seized Sherlock's hips. He trailed his tongue down Sherlock's stomach, stopping only when he reached the waistband of Sherlock's trousers.
2:45am
John watched Sherlock. He hadn't put his violin down, even though all the other violinists had. John was wondering why when the conductor turned to Sherlock and gestured right at him.
Sherlock leaned closer to John. "You thought a man who has dedicated his life to music would only like records from one section of this store."
"Sherlock," John sighed. "I really have to go. I need to tend the fire and go hunting."
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed. He would never be able to deny John anything now, would he? "I said that... I want... to be yours forever."
Sherlock was drifting now, his exhaustion getting the better of him.
Despair flooded through him as he realized his chance at making it it aboard the ship to Athens had just evaporated. He buried his face in the crook of his arm. He needed to
Sherlock:
"I'm going to drive you to the port in my wagon. We can leave tonight. I'll come straight back. No one else will know."
Sherlock untied John's breeches, pushing them down a few inches. John got up for a moment so he could pull the rest of his clothes off. Then he finished undressing Sherlock, taking care not to hurt him. John was struck again by just how beautiful Sherlock was. He stroked his fingers down Sherlock's body, looking at him in wonder.  Sherlock grabbed John's arm, pulling him back into the bed. John straddled Sherlock's hips and locked eyes with him. Sherlock's eyes burned into his. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock deeply. He broke loose and worked his way down Sherlock's jaw and neck. Sherlock was panting. "Oh, John, John!" he cried.
Sherlock wrapped one of his graceful ebony-clawed hands around his cock, groaning in relief. His wings opened like a dark lily, giving off their soft night-sky shimmer. He stroked himself steadily and lowered his other hand to cup his bollocks as John watched the gloriously erotic display in silent wonder.
desires. Not the desires you want to admit to. Your
"You thought what, John?"
Sherlock tipped his head and looked intently into John's eyes. "Why in the world did you think I'd even
They passed the woodpile and the sawhorses at the back of the house. John picked up his toolbox so he could put it securely away in the cellar. "I try to approach it a little bit differently each time so I don't wear a path to it."
John's mother gave him a quick one-armed hug as he stepped through the door. "It's good to see you, John. Here, put these on the table for me. I've got to check the roast." She gave him a handful of silverware and disappeared into the kitchen.
"Good." Sherlock nodded.
." John scrubbed his hand over his face. "She won't listen."
John shuddered, panting around his hand.
to. Don't you want me to?"
John was overcome. He lifted his hand and smoothed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "Oh, Sherlock," he whispered. "You are my whole world. I adore you."
Sherlock slipped the ring onto his finger. "It suits you."
"And then it took some time to get my head together after... everything that happened with my family."
"And I thought
"I'm taking you into my home. I think I deserve to know who might come looking for you."
Angelo laughed. "You know I don't give away my secrets, Sherlock."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock turned away and started looking through the crates again. He held a disc out to John. "Do you have this one?" he asked quietly.
Videos links:
John's heart leaped momentarily before dropping.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "
Lust for Life:
"I think you'd like it."
John chuckled and slipped his suit coat off. He tossed it on the floor and started opening his shirt buttons.
"What do you think you're being foolish about?"
He inclined his head in affirmation.
John was utterly lost. He had no concept of how much time passed.
"I don't want to stand here all day."
Sherlock closed his eyes. His hand trembled against his mouth.
"But, John, if anything happens to you because of me..."
John's vision whited out. He gasped deeply and stopped breathing. His back arched as he came over Sherlock's hand. When he finished, he moaned and panted as he began breathing again. "Oh,
John pushed himself up carefully and stood. He hiked his breeches back up, but left them untied. Sherlock was mildly concerned. "Where are you going, John?"
After a few minutes spent reviewing his biographical details, Holmes leaned forward and spoke quietly and earnestly. "When I met John Watson, I was 32 years old and had long since given up on love. I didn't expect to have any type of meaningful relationship, let alone find a lifelong partner. Having him with me for the last 38 years has been more than I could ever deserve. And he -"
John grinned. He gestured at his own body, sweating and dressed for jogging. "What does it look like?"
, he thought as his heart swelled,
"I should say so. It's truly remarkable."
Sherlock called out quietly to him. "I'm awake."
John rolled his hips against Sherlock's and broke away from his mouth to attack Sherlock's neck. He began thrusting his hips steadily as he licked a long stripe from Sherlock's collarbone to his ear.
Tuesday, September 6th, 1977
Sherlock's eyes snapped back up to John's face. Sherlock blushed anew as he realized that John had caught him looking. He was almost the same color as his shirt now. "No! Not at all. Please do."
Sherlock immediately held his hand out. John took it and put it in front of Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's eyes widened.
Sherlock had occasionally touched himself before, of course. Sometimes his physical needs had asserted themselves to the point where Sherlock had needed to relieve them so that he could think properly. But John's touch was a revelation. How could John's hand feel so different from his own?
In seconds, Sherlock had his knife sheathed and his boot on and was up on his crutches. John threw Sherlock's cloak over him and helped him out the door.
"John."
John looked into Sherlock's eyes. He bent down. Without breaking eye contact, he held Sherlock's cock steady and dragged his tongue from the root to the tip. Sherlock cried out, his head falling back onto the bed. John's tongue circled the head of his cock. Then, in one smooth motion, he took Sherlock all the way in.
John's hand fell suddenly on the back of Sherlock's hand. Sherlock looked up, startled.
Sherlock stayed still, not wanting to wake John. He listened to John's slow breathing until his eyes closed again and sleep took him once more.
Link to a performance of Scheherazade here:
. It took every bit of self control Sherlock had not to squirm or open his eyes. Minutes passed. Sherlock knew what John was waiting for. He was waiting for Sherlock to yield. So, finally, Sherlock began to relax. He deepened and slowed his breathing. His muscles gradually loosened and he slumped slightly against the pillar.
Sherlock sighed. "All right." He let John's wrist go. "Please, finish your dinner."
"No, I'm going to check on my apartment. I looked out the window, and it appears it'll be a messy job. I doubt anything at my place has survived, but I have to take a look."
"Not at all."
"Are they gone?"
The bathroom door was opening slowly. Cold fear clutched at John's chest. A tall, pale, dark-haired figure walked in silently.
"All right, John." Sherlock kissed John's hand. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock's forehead. He stood up and left quietly.
When Sherlock saw John, he froze for half a second before wrenching himself free in a sudden burst of strength. "
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm keeping up just fine. I did take a few biology courses in medical school, you know."
Sherlock nodded and took a sip of water. John slumped down onto the other bed and took a sip himself. They sat quietly for a long time, slowly eating and drinking. The sunlight faded away completely, leaving the candle as their only source of light.
"Do you want me to stop?" John asked.
Sherlock continues hesitantly, his voice strained:
John yanked the sheet higher, pulling it to his chest as his heart clenched. “Then you’re some kind of... rape demon?”
Sherlock was tensing up. John sat up slightly to look at his face.
“I know that, Sherlock, I’m a doctor! That’s not what this is. Something else is at work here.” He could feel Sherlock’s heart beating heavily under his palm. “When you held my hands, I-“
John grimaces as he sits up, still on the floor. He looks pale. Sherlock swipes hastily at the tears on his face.
, I've never wanted anything more."
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock smiled. "An employment offer from the Philharmonic."
. John watched as the subject of his fantasy closed the door and efficiently stripped his clothes off, folding each article neatly.
, John."
Sherlock fell with the rock, tumbling down toward the stream. He landed on the rocky stream bed in a heap. His left leg folded under his body with the impact, his shin taking the worst part of the hit. There was a sickening crack as his shin was caught between a large rock and the weight of his body. Pain exploded through him and he couldn't contain a yelp before clapping his hand over his mouth in a desperate attempt to be quiet. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut and whimpered into his hand. He put his other hand out and pushed himself over, falling flat on the ground to take his weight off his leg. His whimpers turned into a litany of curses, still muffled by his hand. When he had exhausted his supply of curses in eight languages, Sherlock fell back to whimpering.
Sherlock put his right arm around John's shoulders. "My John. I love you more than I can say."
John was moaning and shuddering. He was trying to speak. "Sh-Sherlock, I'm going to..."
4. Allegro Energico e Passionato
Sherlock thrashed under John as he began coming. He broke away from the kiss, crying out loudly and uncontrollably. John held out as long as he could, watching Sherlock shake and shudder and cry through his orgasm, before coming so hard himself that he collapsed onto Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock attacked John's jumper as though it had personally offended him, yanking it up over his head and flinging it at the nearest wall. John grinned as Sherlock pulled his belt loose and threw it against the same wall. Sherlock grinned back and began working furiously at John's shirt buttons. John's smile faded and he stilled Sherlock's hands with his own.
“I am done fucking around with you, John,” he snarled. “I let you appeal to my vanity, and for that I blame myself. I think we have both quite forgotten why I’m here.” He pulled harder at John’s hair, and John hissed in pain. Sherlock leaned in, right next to John’s ear. His tone was low and dangerous. “I’m going to take what I want now.”
"S-Susie," the bartender said.
Sherlock opened John's jeans quickly and pushed his underwear down. He trailed his elegant fingers over John's already aching cock. John groaned loudly and let his head fall back against the window with a thud. His whole body convulsed in pleasure as Sherlock took him into his mouth. John stroked his fingers over Sherlock's scalp. He grabbed two handfuls of Sherlock's hair as he pushed forward into his mouth. Sherlock instantly responded, moaning brokenly and clutching at John's ass.
Tears well up in his eyes.
Sherlock yielded and relaxed back into the bed. The two men stared at each other. Sherlock's eyes burned into John's. "We could share it. If you would like to."
that for some unfathomable reason, you love me."
John smiled back. "I don't know where we're going. But I think we'll know when we get there." He leaned over and kissed Sherlock. "And I think you'd better start teaching me to speak French."
Clara smiled sheepishly at John. She put out her hand. "Nice to meet you, John." Her honey brown hair fell in waves past her shoulders.
"My mum and dad are going to love you. You'll see."
"I hope so. But I need to make sure you're not just... swept up in the heat of the moment. I want you to be able to think it through clearly."
Sherlock's POV
. "And who else?"
John, his voice still tight and breathy:
," he said, shaking his head vehemently. "That's
John knocked repeatedly on Sherlock's door, to no avail. He let his forehead fall against the door with a thump. "Sherlock!" he shouted. "I know you're in there. I saw your car in the basement. Open the door!"
"Everything that I am, everything that I have done - it's all because of you."
“Is that right?”
"Come on." John smacked the dashboard. He turned the key again, flooring the accelerator. "Come
Sherlock's fingers tightened in John's hair. He cried out helplessly, writhing under John and gasping for air. John sucked harder when he sensed that Sherlock was nearing his peak. He moaned around Sherlock's cock and felt him go over the edge with a loud cry.
Sherlock screams in anguish:
, Sherlock!" As he began to come back to himself, he realized he was clutching tightly at Sherlock's hair. He let go and untangled his fingers, afraid he'd been hurting him.
John was determined not to make this too easy for the incubus. “Pleasure I’ve never known, hmm? Might be a problem. I’m a bit of a screamer, you see. The neighbors will think you’re murdering me and we’ll wind up having the police break down the door just when it’s getting good.”
Sherlock:
"Take it."
Sherlock turned toward John as he approached and smiled warmly. His eyes sparked with joy as he took in John's carefully groomed appearance. "John," he said quietly.
. He tried to remember how to breathe.
John blinked and groaned. "Can't. I'm dying."
John looked up at Sherlock again. "I am. It's okay."
"I was planning to go record shopping on Monday. Will you come with me?"
John still looked concerned. "Are you sure you don't want me to go back?"
"I thought I'd lost you!" Sherlock's voice was choked. "The last time I'd seen you I'd slammed a door at you. The last thing I'd said to you was, 'Go away!'"
John let go.
Sherlock haltingly began to tell John about his life before they met. He told John about raising and training Apollo and about learning to play his vielle. John was captivated. His heart ached with love for the incredible, beautiful young man lying in front of him.
Sherlock gave him a little shake. "Answer me, John.
Sherlock stared up at John, still finding it hard to believe that John wanted to be with him. He took hold of John's shirt and pulled him down for a kiss.
At first, John didn’t know he was awake. He’d opened his eyes to find the green-eyed man crouched atop the footboard of his bed. He studied John intently as John gazed back silently for a long moment.
"John?" Sherlock asked shyly.
A deep, rumbling chuckle from Sherlock. “I haven’t seen a danger kink as strong as yours in centuries.” He snapped his lethal-looking teeth at John and watched with satisfaction as John shuddered. “I’ll admit it’s fun to play with.” He released one of his iron grips on John’s thighs.
John whimpered into his hand.
John bursts out laughing, then clutches at his chest, bending over in pain:
" Sherlock sounded desperate now. "Don't go! I'm sorry!"
Sherlock wraps his arms around him gently.
John:
, he thought,
He opened his laptop and clicked on his CNN bookmark. His heart leaped as he read the banner across the top of the website: 'Supreme Court Rules in Favor of Same-Sex Marriage Nationwide.' His hands trembled as he read the reports and clicked through pictures of people celebrating on the steps of the court building and elsewhere.
"Number 12B. I'll meet you there in a few minutes." Sherlock got into his car and drove off, leaving John standing on the sidewalk with a goofy grin on his face. John walked quickly to his own car and followed Sherlock.
, John."
Iggy Pop played the Uptown Theatre in Kansas City on October 26th, 1977.  I moved the date a few weeks earlier to make it fit with a larger historical event in the story's timeline. (I beg for your forgiveness.)
Thank you so much for reading!
"I'm sorry I pulled your hair."
John pulled back and looked into Sherlock's eyes again. "Sherlock? Is this okay?" His hands were still in Sherlock's hair.
John was panting, his eyes shut and his hands clenched in the duvet. "Y-yes?"
-Intermission-
"Yes, over the next hill. I've got to follow them to be sure they don't come back." John rushed down the stairs and hugged Sherlock tightly. "I'm sorry, but you'll need to stay here until I'm sure they're gone."
Sherlock pushed up onto his elbows, his brow furrowed. "John? Why did you stop?"
"Sherlock."
"Do you mind if I ask what you were playing? It was really remarkable."
"Another chance. Please."
'Enigma Variations, Op. 36.'
Sarah laughed. "Whoever it is that's got you staring into the middle distance with a beatific smile on your face!"
Sherlock could feel John's breath on the back of his neck. A shiver ran up his spine.
"I already have a filing system, John. I know precisely where everything is."
John spoke tentatively. "It will be dark soon, Sweetheart. Do you want to walk the rest of the way tonight, or do you want to rest here another day?"
John didn't know which one of them moved first. It didn't matter. They crashed together, grabbing at each other desperately. Sholto pushed his demanding tongue into John's mouth immediately. John responded by shoving Sholto backward until the backs of his knees hit the side of his bunk. He threw Sholto down, and was dragged down with him when Sholto kept a tight hold on John's shirt.
John's voice was muffled against Sherlock's neck. "I'm not."
"John..."
"Back against the pillar.
, Sherlock. That you're... gay."
John kept running at full speed. "
Intense pleasure washed over John. He moaned loudly, his eyes rolling back. To his dismay, Sherlock immediately let go. John whimpered at the loss.
"Oh, not a bit. It's one of the things I love best about you." Sherlock looked up at the roof. "I noticed the pattern ages ago, of course, but I've never quite been sure why you're so... affected by it."
John nodded.
Watson and Holmes have shared the spacious 12th-floor apartment with its stunning view overlooking the Country Club Plaza since 1977. They married last month, on the 38th anniversary of the day they met, in a quiet ceremony in the rose garden at Loose Park, a place of personal significance for them.
Sherlock nodded.
John stood and approached him. “You underestimate me.” He moved into Sherlock’s space. “And there’s another reason you should return, bright eyes.”
She glanced at him again. "Um. No, I haven't."
"Easy, now," John whispered. "Easy, my love." His fingers stroked Sherlock's collarbone.
When he opened his eyes again, he wasn't sure how much time had passed. He looked at the faint light coming in through the windows. It was different now that the Plaza's Christmas lights were on. Brighter. Richer. He watched it play over Sherlock's body, the light and shadow shifting as Sherlock's chest rose and fell gently with his breathing. John trailed his fingertips over Sherlock's collarbone and down his chest. As John's fingers passed lightly over his abdominal muscles, Sherlock jerked and snickered. He captured John's hand with his own. "That tickles," he muttered with a sleepy grin. He laced their fingers together and rested their joined hands on his belly.
"I need you to be sure before this goes any further. You've said yourself that you haven't dated a man before, that you wanted a wife and family."
"Angelo's. It's in Westport. Do you know it?"
Sherlock sat back on his heels and looked intently at John. “Oh, believe me, John, I
"Some of those thirty-eight years were... well, they were unimaginable. I wouldn't have survived them without your constant strength and love."
Sherlock eased his weight onto John.
As John pulled Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and fully opened it, he looked up to see Sherlock's head tipped back, eyes closed and mouth slightly open. Sherlock whimpered and tightened his grip on John's hair as John dipped down to swirl his tongue over one small, pink nipple.
John’s hands made their way into his glossy black hair, and found that it was thick and silky-soft. His hips pushed upward instinctively against the heat of the demon’s abdomen. John was already rock-hard. Immediately, he was desperate to get rid of the sheet and the layers of clothing between them.
The other cocktail waitress screamed. The bartender leaped out from behind the bar and was next to the injured waitress almost as quickly as John was. Blood was pooling at the back of the young woman's head, and she was unconscious. John grabbed the bartender's arm. "I'm a doctor. Get me a clean towel!" he ordered. The bartender stared at him. "Now!" John shouted. The man ran back to the bar. The other waitress was standing over them now, her hands over her mouth. John pointed at her. "You! Go call an ambulance!" She ran to the back of the bar.
Sherlock smiled at him warmly. "I'll play the B-side." He moved to get up. John grabbed the front of his shirt, pulled him back down, and kissed him. Sherlock was still for a moment. John let go of Sherlock's shirt and wrapped his arms around him, keeping him close, still kissing him.
Do you play for the Philharmonic?"
Sherlock felt his cheeks flush pink. He stared into his supper plate. "John, you should know the truth. I'm... I'm an unpleasant person. Abrasive. Rude. Difficult. Cruel. I assure you she was glad to be rid of me."
John winced.
John made a choked-off cry and shuddered. Sherlock pressed John's hips securely against the table to keep him steady. He pulled John's breeches down just far enough. He pulled John's shirt up out of the way and put his hand down the front of John's underclothes and around his cock.
A note about clothing: Thanks/blame for the black leather trousers goes to the costume designer for the black swan in Matthew Bourne’s adaptation of Swan Lake.
"You might have to carry me." John giggled quietly.
"Yes. But it'll keep until tomorrow. I'm going to stay close to the house today. You should sleep. I'm guessing you didn't have a restful night last night."
John could see anguish in Sherlock's eyes. "Sherlock, you know I won't do that. You
Sherlock starts something and John finishes it.
"If you mean that, come up to my bed with me, Sweetheart."
. "That you had sex with a
"I'm sorry to bother you, John, but Ken called in sick. Can you cover his shift tonight?"
"No. This is my home. I won't have intruders skulking about."
John raised his eyebrows. "
." John opened his eyes. Sherlock could see the fear in them. "I'm fine.
"Sherlock - you - you
John gasped deeply. He clutched at the wall as though he could grip it for balance. His knees quivered, threatening to buckle. Sherlock hadn't broken eye contact. His eyes burned into John's. John moaned quietly. "Oh, God,
—Five Years Later—
When Linda and Clara were leaving, John asked for Clara's phone number. As he wrote it down, John's mother and Linda shared an excited look behind Clara's back. John left shortly afterward, discreetly putting Clara's number into Harry's hand. Harry hugged him tightly, whispering her thanks into his ear.
"I know." Sherlock stood up. He took hold of John's face with both hands and bent down to look right into John's eyes. "There are no rules, John. All I want is to make you feel good. I won't do anything you don't want me to."
John shook her hand. "You, too, Clara."
"Are you... Are you going for a
Sarah giggled and walked away.
up with Clara, yes?"
here?"
,” he said, “That during this conversation, your gaze has found my mouth approximately every four seconds before you divert it back to my eyes.” He favoured John with a crooked smile.
John smiled ruefully.
." Sherlock's gaze was hard now.
When John came back into sight, Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief. He could see John do the same. John walked up alongside Sherlock. "I've got a room. Come with me."
Greg gaped at him, utterly bewildered.
Sherlock shook his head, casting his eyes upward. “Such an ungrateful lot, you humans,” he muttered. “You’ll be wanking over what I said for months, maybe even ye-“
John sighed. "My darling, you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen." Sherlock looked down, smiling shyly. John shook his head slowly. "The seasickness must have made me weaker than I thought."
John halted. He turned back to see the waiter leering at him. John squared his shoulders and walked directly into the waiter's space, gratified when the man tensed up and recoiled into the pillar at John's approach.
“Apologies,” the man said quietly. “I never have found a way to avoid the initial fright.”
"No! Sit still!" John went to Sherlock and put his hand on his shoulder, holding him in place. "Stay right where you are."
As Sherlock approached the center of the stage, his eyes were searching the audience. When he found John, he smiled a little before bowing. He turned his back. John realized he'd been holding his breath. He let it out slowly.
Soon Sherlock's whole body was tensing up as he neared his peak. John focused on his breathing as his own arousal threatened to overtake him before he could complete his plan. When John felt Sherlock get harder against his tongue, he pulled off.
He got out and slammed the car door, giving it a kick for good measure. He stalked back into his apartment, throwing his keys down. He took a deep breath, attempting to calm down as he dialed Sherlock's number.
, I'm - oh! - close," he whimpered.
John kissed him deeply as they began to stroke each other. He put his free hand on the back of Sholto's head, his fingers brushing past Sholto's short, bristly hair.
The closer they got to the shore, the busier the streets became. John did his best to keep Sherlock from being jostled by the traffic. When they were close to the ships, John found a corner where Sherlock could wait while he looked for a ship that could take them across the channel.
He realized the man was speaking to him again. "I'm terribly sorry. You caught me by surprise, but that's no excuse." The man took John's right hand and helped him up. He then bent down and retrieved the shopping bags they had both dropped. "Again, I'm quite sorry for knocking you down. Will you let me buy you a drink in the cafe across the street? Give you a chance to recover?"
"What's your brother's name?"
John's brow furrowed. "What never fails?"
Sherlock lets out a strangled sound.
." John released his hair and gave him a little shove toward the shelves.
!" Sherlock hissed. "I don't have
The room spun. Sherlock opened his eyes. Somehow his back was now against the door. Next to his head, his left wrist was pinned to the door by John's right hand. Stunned, he stared at their hands for a moment. Then he looked at John's face. John was smiling at him wolfishly. "You see? I'll take care of you."
"John, come lie down with me," Sherlock said quietly.
"Shut your mouth, Henry."
Sherlock looked down at the ground.
"Do we?" John teased.
John knocked loudly on Sherlock's door. He was at his wits' end, having tried several times throughout the day to call Sherlock only to get a busy signal.
," he whispered.
John's voice came from the other side of the row behind Sherlock. "I
"I don't have time for this now." John walked away quickly, doing his best to ignore Judy's mirthless laugh.
John gently assisted him. "I know it hurts. I'm sorry."
Sherlock dropped his head against John’s stomach and laughed.
John had recovered enough to continue teasing him. “So, what else have you got?”
John pulled back to look. Sherlock had tipped his head back. His eyes fluttered closed as his mouth dropped open. He tugged lightly at John's hold on his wrists and pushed his hips up against John's. His breath was coming in gasps punctuated by whimpers. John's dog tags rested against his chest.
Sherlock nodded slightly in response. John released Sherlock's hair and slid down onto his knees, still looking intently into Sherlock's eyes.
"And I might have been able to see your face one last time."
"Yes, yes." John let out another breathless giggle as he yanked his shirt the rest of the way off and threw his jeans and underwear somewhere behind him. Sherlock reached out as John crawled onto the bed and dragged him down into a searing kiss.
"Well, you know I spent the first few weeks after the hospital let me go clearing out my old apartment and replacing things I lost in the flood."
In an astonishingly quick move, Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and spun them both around, reversing their positions. John groaned against Sherlock's mouth as his back hit the wall. Sherlock hadn't even broken their kiss.
John waited.
. I'm joking!"
The man rolled his eyes. "I was distracted. Even after five years in this country, I
"Please have a seat, Sherlock." Mike gestured toward the table. Sherlock and John sat on the chairs. Mike pulled up a small bench for himself.
"These surprise guests - your mother was setting
Sherlock let his body relax against John's again. He put his arms around John and rested his head on his right shoulder. He sighed heavily. "John. All I want is to make you feel the way you just made me feel."
Sherlock set the platter down and wrapped an arm around John's shoulders. "Yes, John. But I want you to know that I'm sorry that your being with me caused a rift."
John stroked Sherlock and leaned forward to speak quietly against Sherlock's neck. "That's it, Sherlock. Come on!"
" he insisted quietly.
John heard a soft crack and turned to find nothing but a light fall of ash in the air.
John smiled ruefully. "A disaster. Some of the discs are probably salvageable, but the jackets are a lost cause. I've already brought back everything I want to try to save."
John got him dried off, dressed, and into bed in just a couple of minutes. John crawled into bed with him and wrapped his arms around him. They were both asleep almost immediately.
Sherlock threw his head back, his orgasm overtaking him. He shuddered and groaned as John swallowed around him. When he was completely spent, Sherlock dropped his arms limply.
" Sherlock asked incredulously.
Sherlock grabbed John's shirt, holding him in place. "I'll be waiting," he whispered before kissing John heatedly. He let go. John staggered back unsteadily. Sherlock grinned at him.
John left quietly and went to the cellar. He lit the lamp and looked through his belongings. He had already packed dried meat and chestnuts for the journey. He picked up some more for them to eat for supper, some potatoes, and a spool of twine. He would leave the rest for Mike.
Sherlock grinned at him. John turned around before he could make a bigger fool of himself. He took his cloak off and hung it up. He could hear Sherlock moving around, undressing.
Sherlock lowered his chin and fixed his eyes on John's. John's eyes widened at the force of Sherlock's gaze. "I want
Sherlock waited for John to open his eyes again. Then he grabbed John's hips. John gasped. Sherlock looked into his eyes and leaned forward, smiling wolfishly when he saw John's eyes widen. "
Sherlock pulled back so he could see John's face. He moved his hands down, stroking John's neck and collarbone and clutching at the front of his jumper again. "John... I want you."
Sherlock's brow furrowed. "Why on
John put his other hand up and toyed briefly with Sherlock's loose bow tie before taking hold of Sherlock's other lapel. He pulled slightly at Sherlock's jacket as he rose up onto his toes and pressed his mouth against Sherlock's.
Sherlock smiled at him. "Thank you," he said quietly.
"Stay under the warm water for a minute; it'll help your muscles loosen up. I'll be right back," he said.
. "You really mean it."
2:15pm
John, his voice becoming a choked whisper:
"You're going to have to start trusting me, you know. If I'd wanted to rob or hurt you, I'd have done it already."
"Nice to meet you, Molly." John turned back to Sherlock. "This is probably one of those cliché questions you always get, but I can't help myself. Don't your arms get tired?"
He didn't know how much time had passed when he heard footsteps behind him. His throat hurt. His hands and face were wet.
John groaned against Sholto's mouth as he dropped on top of him. They pulled at each other's clothes. John plunged his hand into Sholto's pants, grabbing him and finding him already hard as hell. Sholto gasped in pleasure and took hold of John's equally hard cock in return.
John's POV
Sherlock felt his cheeks grow hot. "All right."
Sherlock sniggered. "And why do we travel together?"
Sherlock woke when John stirred against him. John started to get up. Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around him, pinning him in place. John laughed. "I have to get up, my darling. It's almost dusk."
"That's what I am to you?" John was walking backward now, shaking his head.
Sherlock had turned his head so it rested against his upper arm. His eyes were closed and his mouth was open as he gasped for breath. He'd surrendered to John
Sherlock moved into John's space. His eyes were smoky gray in the light filtering through the kitchen window. He lifted one graceful hand to John's cheek, pushing his fingertips into John's hair.
If John was surprised to find Sherlock clutching at his hair in frustration, he didn't let on. Dear God, how was Sherlock going to do this? He forced himself to relax his fists, drop his hands to his sides, and look at John. "John. I don't want you to go on any more dates."
He and Sherlock spent more than an hour searching through the crates together. They each purchased several records from a beaming Angelo and walked out onto the sidewalk.
"Hey." John put his forehead against Sherlock's. "You're not going to mess anything up. I'm not going anywhere." He kissed Sherlock gently. Sherlock melted against him.
"I came down here to tell you that Widow Hudson wants us to come to the main house for dinner tonight. And she wants you to play your vielle for her."
John gaped at him. "Beautiful - but - how can you possibly think that when you lived in a castle?"
John was rock hard. He arched his body against Sherlock's, keening desperately against Sherlock's mouth.
Sherlock nodded weakly.
When Sherlock came through the door, John's breath caught. He looked gorgeous, as usual. He had on an indigo button-front shirt, with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The buttons over his chest were straining.
Sherlock nodded. He grabbed John's arm and looked at his watch. "Not enough time to go to dinner, now, though." He grinned back at John.
"What you just said."
"Boring?
Sherlock was still utterly at a loss.
John's eyes fluttered closed momentarily. He took a shuddering breath. "You can do anything you want, Sweetheart."
"Bring that lovely cock up here, John.
Sherlock:
John slammed his car door and headed toward his building. He stopped short as his left foot sank into the saturated ground. "Damn it!" John pulled his foot out of the muddy hole he'd created. "Oh, that's just
John chuckled quietly and gave Sherlock another squeeze. He opened his eyes and turned to face the window again. Sherlock's arms were still wrapped around him. John took another deep breath and let it out slowly, willing his fear to dissipate. He opened the envelope and pulled out the ticket. TWA. Kansas City Mid Continent to London Gatwick. First Class.
"What kind of stories?"
, Sherlock. I couldn't take my eyes off of you."
“But-“ John shook his head, trying to clear it. “I’m the one who does the tying.”
John intensified his strokes and rested his forehead against Sherlock's. "Yes,
John waited.
John closed his eyes and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. Sherlock was warm and sleep-soft. A tear dropped onto John's shoulder. After a moment, John pulled back and stood up straight.
A smug smile crossed Sherlock’s face. “I thought a bit of prevention would do you good when I predicted I’d have you literally throwing yourself at me, bindings notwithstanding.”
"My friend Linda."
He put his pillow over his head and went to sleep.
But he was enjoying Sherlock's company immensely. He'd never met anyone like him. When Sherlock offered to buy John dinner, he accepted, reluctant to break the spell that seemed to have fallen over them both. But the battle continued.
to leave?"
John's face was contorted with anger. His fingers clutched at Sherlock's hand. "Then they are
"Okay, thank you." John stared back down at the chart.
"It won't stop until you marry one of them."
"Is it okay if I touch them? I'll stop if you don't like it."
Sherlock was left alone in the small house. He was very tired and still in a great deal of pain. He carefully pushed himself down the bed until he could lie flat. God, his leg was killing him. He looked around. John's home suited him. Sherlock was surrounded by John's simple, functional furnishings. But a closer look revealed an appreciation for beauty. There was a small ceramic vase on the mantel with a pattern of violets painted on it. It held a single flowering dogwood branch. Sherlock could hear John moving around outside. The bed smelled like him. Sherlock took a deep breath, his eyes closing.
"Wow," John blurted out. He felt his face flush pink. "Sorry, I didn't mean to say that out loud."
, John. I love you."
John:
Sherlock put his left hand up to John's face. His thumb lightly brushed over John's cheekbone as his fingertips landed just behind John's ear. John's heart was pounding now. Panic was rising rapidly in his chest. He staggered backward, yanking his hand out of Sherlock's grip.
John was awake before dawn. He sat up in bed and grinned.
John clenched his fists. He couldn't look at Sherlock. "I... I can't."
In the blink of an eye Sherlock was on top of him again. He seized a handful of John’s hair. John yelped in pain and shock.
Sherlock pushed the coverlet off and slowly turned himself so that his legs came down off John's bed. He was still in his nightshirt, but he had left his stockings on for warmth. John handed him his right boot. Sherlock put it on, then picked up his cloak and put it over his shoulders. John laid the crutches on the bed next to Sherlock and went to put his own cloak on. Sherlock finished tying his cloak and looked up at John.
"No, I... I want you to know."
. He looked out over the crowd. The crewmen were making their final preparations for the passage, shouting at each other in French. John watched, fascinated by how well they worked together. He looked at Sherlock again. "I wish I knew what they were saying."
. Sherlock adjusted the volume and then sat down next to John. He took a drink and set his glass down. John set his glass next to Sherlock's. He leaned back and closed his eyes, listening to Ma Rainey sing about jail and misery and alcoholism. He felt Sherlock lean back next to him.
Sherlock huffed out a breath. He hopped forward again. It took a few minutes to coordinate their movements, but soon they began making steady progress up the hill.
Sherlock ducks his head, letting out a short, breathy laugh.
Sherlock took John's hand in both of his. "Better."
Sherlock took John's hand in both of his. "John." Sherlock looked up into John's eyes. "You've been kinder to me than I could ever deserve. You're an extraordinary man. Today has been the best day of my life."
Sherlock shuddered. He lowered his voice. "
Sherlock nodded.
." And with that, Sherlock went to his knees.
He walked out of view, leaving John utterly wrung out. John heard him drop heavily into the chair next to the wardrobe, still breathing audibly.
Sherlock's eyes darted to John's when he heard the endearment for the second time. He let it pass.
John stopped. He didn't turn around. "I need some air." He kept walking.
John was still drifting, but he began to shift his weight back onto his own feet. He and Sherlock were both trying to catch their breath. They stood leaning together against the wall for several minutes before either of them attempted to move.
John put his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. "Lie back down! I can do it."
John's mother grabbed Linda and dragged her to the kitchen, whispering to her animatedly.
, hmm? Just you wait until this injury heals." He deepened his voice. "You have
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock looking up at him with deep affection in his eyes.
Sherlock nodded at him and followed him through the streets, still hiding his face under his hood.
They were quiet for a long time.
This is the third installment of the Star's six-part series of profiles of same-sex couples in the Kansas City area who married after marriage equality became U.S. law.
John laughed breathlessly.
"I'm not. It's the truth." John leaned back into the couch. "Come here."
Sherlock's hands found their way into John's hair and clutched at it. John moaned softly around Sherlock, and that put Sherlock over the edge. His body tensed up as he came in John's mouth, gasping for air and struggling desperately to be quiet.
Sherlock had apparently found what he was looking for. He dropped the box, scattering John’s sex toys across the floor. John meant to complain, but when Sherlock turned back toward John with coils of rope in his hands and a predatory look in his eyes, John’s ability to speak abandoned him.
When they'd finished, the conductor flipped through the pages of his music and instructed various members of the orchestra. He had them play a few sections of the music again, telling them what he wanted. He looked at his watch, then said, "That's it for today. I'll see you all tomorrow."
John sighed. "I would love to, Sherlock, I really would. I wanted you there with me today. So badly. But you know I can't tell her about... this. Us. You have to understand."
John set the plates of food and cups of tea on the dresser and crawled onto the bed, nudging Sherlock. Sherlock groaned deeply, but didn't open his eyes. John nudged him again. "Sherlock." Another nudge. "Wake up, gorgeous. I made breakfast."
Setting note:  Municipal Auditorium, opened in 1935, is an Art Deco / Streamline Moderne masterpiece. It contains a large sports arena, a music hall which was home to the Kansas City Philharmonic, an exhibition hall, and a ballroom.
"I suppose I have ten minutes to decide, haven't I?"
. Sherlock had told John how kind she'd been to him.
He shoved John’s hand away roughly. “Your danger kink is even worse than I realized,” he snarled. “A
John sighed heavily.
"Good. And your hives? How were your bees this morning?"
"Oh, God, Sherlock. I
"Nothing. It just never fails."
Suddenly, Sherlock realized what he'd done.
Greg was looking back and forth between them like he was at a tennis match. He interjected, “You two are a couple, then, and you’re looking for a third.”
John was lost. He grabbed the back of Sherlock's head to keep him close as his hips pushed forward instinctively. John's world shrank down to only the points of contact between his body and Sherlock's. Sherlock's mouth on his neck, Sherlock's hair under his fingers, Sherlock's hand on his cock. Then Sherlock's voice was in his ear. "Let go, John. Come for me."
John smiled as he looked up at Sherlock. "Good, Sweetheart. You're doing so well." He was untying his own breeches with his other hand to relieve the pressure on his erection. When he'd finished, he sighed a little in relief. He pushed his hand up Sherlock's thigh and around to clutch at his arse. Sherlock made a keening noise, but didn't let go of the shelves or break eye contact.
John leaned casually against the wall near Sherlock. "I've found a ship. We leave in an hour. We're going to be all right, Henry."
Realization washed over John. “You’re an incubus.”
"I can't. But I can see you."
Sherlock opened one eye. John didn't look angry. Sherlock tentatively opened his other eye and answered John. "You couldn't have kept it yourself through all those battles. And Mike is clearly your closest friend."
Sherlock studied him for another long moment before schooling his features and reaching for John’s underpants. He expertly tore one side open at the hip, eliciting a shocked cry from John. He paused again, seeming to savour John’s reaction. A faint smile played at the corners of his decadent mouth. He then tore the other side and threw the underpants somewhere behind him.
"But do they? Get tired?"
," he said against John's ear. "I told you last night. I'm the only one that gets to hear those gorgeous sounds." He moved his hand back down over John's chest and held him firmly. His right hand remained on John's cock, but he kept it still. Sherlock pressed another open-mouthed kiss across the back of John's neck before whispering into John's right ear. "Can you be quiet for me, John?" He rolled his hips against John's arse again, huffing a breath against John's neck.
"I'm serious, Sherlock." John took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. He put a hand on Sherlock's cheek and looked into his eyes. "Listen to me, okay? I will
John put both hands on Sherlock's upper arms and looked at him intently. "What is it? What's happened?"
"So you're playing a... symphony about Scheherazade?"
Greg was still talking to himself. “I just wanted to have a pint. Maybe find someone nice to play with my dick. Was that too much to ask?”
John's brow furrowed. "Why would I be angry?"
Sherlock nodded helplessly. John took hold of Sherlock's cock. Sherlock whimpered again, arching his back and closing his eyes. John stroked him, his thumb pushing across the head. Sherlock gasped, his eyes flying open again in shock at the intensity of the sensation.
John stopped on their way out of the barn to pick up a bucket full of milk. "Told Mike I'd milk the cow since I was coming out. After we eat I'll help him with the horses."
"Thank you, Sherlock. I'm sure I'll like it." He looked up at him. "You know, I haven't had a chance to hear Ma Rainey before. I'd like to listen to that one sometime."
Sherlock was panting now, trembling and looking helplessly at John on his knees in front of him. John took a moment to reach for his handkerchief and quickly wipe at Sherlock's hand. He tossed the handkerchief aside and grabbed Sherlock's hips again. Sherlock gasped.
"That's what I thought, too, but it turned out Mom had a friend and her daughter Clara over. Clara and Harry couldn't take their eyes off each other."
John looked up at him. "What about
"Yes," Sherlock answered quietly. He stroked his thumb over the back of John's hand.
Sherlock and John laid together while the sun rose. When the light from the window was bright, they reluctantly got up and dressed.
John spun around when he heard the familiar baritone voice behind him. He tried to read Sherlock's expression. He saw... trepidation. "
"John, this really isn't necessary. I may be... inexperienced, but I am a grown man."
Sherlock was leaning against the back of the wagon. Glowering. John got food and water out for them both. He held Sherlock's plate out to him. Sherlock didn't look at John and kept his arms crossed. John set the plate down on the back of the wagon next to Sherlock and took his own plate around to the front of the wagon. He ate slowly. When he was finished, he went to the back of the wagon.
John reclaimed Greg’s attention by stroking his hand down from his shoulder to hold his arm just above the elbow. The effect on Greg was immediate. He turned to meet John’s eyes, his body swaying almost imperceptibly toward him.
John pulled back a few inches and closed his eyes. "
Sherlock looked away. He nodded his head.
"Do think about it." Sherlock sat back again. He paused. "Do you mind if I ask what happened to your shoulder? You don't have to answer if you don't want to."
"Sherlock, that was incredible." John turned to Molly. "You played beautifully, too. I'm John," he said, holding out his hand.
Sherlock's eyes widened. His mouth fell open with a whimper. John began to unbutton Sherlock's jeans.
." John leaned forward. Sherlock watched, panting, as John took him into his mouth. He moaned, his head falling back again. Sherlock was lost in pleasure. He rested one hand on John's head, stroking at his hair."John,
"No, John, I'm not putting you out of your bed. I'll sleep on the floor."
John's hands tightened on Sherlock's knees. Then John pushed his hands up Sherlock's thighs. He put one hand over Sherlock's.
Sherlock ground his arse against John a second time before pulling his mouth off John's and kissing down his jaw and neck. John tipped his head back and gasped for air. "Oh, God,
Sherlock moaned, words beyond him now. He nodded his head desperately.
The incubus’s eyes began to glow. His entire countenance darkened, even as he seemed to absorb all the light in the room. He growled, and his wings gave a beat against the air. “
"A little."
They walked back to the door. As Sherlock reached for the doorknob, John said, "One more," and pulled Sherlock in for another kiss.
A vielle is a medieval stringed instrument similar to a violin.
Sherlock dropped his head further.
"Yeah."
Sherlock had a pained expression on his face. John giggled and bailed him out of the conversation. "He is, Miss. He definitely is."
John, looking down at his own hands:
"It's not exactly a hardship, wearing a vintage Patek Philippe." He stroked his fingers over the face of the watch. "Not really comparable to those old dog tags, I don't think."
The door burst open, and John jolted backward out of the way as a young woman pushed past him. He fully expected to hit solid flesh and bone as he moved back, but he stumbled into thin air. He turned. Nothing.
"Good. Now let's try taking a step."
Sherlock:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MOmfa33Vjgs
John's heart swelled in his chest.
Sherlock looked at John.
Mycroft nods at the agents. They exit, taking her with them.
John stifled a laugh. “Greg, sit up and look at me.”
6:55pm
Sherlock shook his head again slightly.
John's voice was gentle. "Doesn't look like nothing to me."
John laughed. "Not really."
After a moment, John heard Sherlock's footsteps. The door opened. Sherlock was wearing a white dress shirt and black trousers under a blue silk robe. "Oh! John, I wasn't expecting you!"
John burst out laughing. "You're kidding!"
"Tonight?"
(See the end of the chapter for
are taken care of."
"Oh... I'm sorry..."
John broke away from Sherlock's mouth, smearing kisses across his jawline and down his neck. Sherlock gasped again, and John growled in response. He nipped Sherlock's neck. Sherlock shuddered, crying out. "
into their home is another."
"I'm sorry. I don't know what to say."
John kissed Sherlock until they were both gasping for breath. He put his forehead against Sherlock's for a moment before dropping his head back down against Sherlock's neck again.
John kept going anyway. “Once you’ve visited a human, do you ever...”
After a long moment, John decided that words were overrated. He shoved both hands into Sherlock’s hair and pulled him down into a kiss. It was John’s last chance to convince Sherlock to return to him - and perhaps it was their last kiss. So John put everything he had into it. He balanced tenderness with passion and reverence with heat. He drew Sherlock in and kept him suspended in a delicious freefall, pulling back just a moment too soon to leave Sherlock aching for more. He brushed two final feather-light kisses against Sherlock’s beautiful mouth.
You may refer to Through the Maelstrom Chapter 1 for notes on Kansas City's Plaza area and Chapter 5 for notes on Loose Park and its rose garden.
packing a bag."
John didn't tease. He dropped his head and took Sherlock into his mouth right away. Sherlock choked back a cry, shuddering hard. John pushed his right hand past Sherlock's hip and grabbed his arse. He took Sherlock in as far as he could, stroking the underside of his cock with his tongue. Sherlock leaned back onto his right hand, his left hand stroking through John's hair.
The stranger rolled his eyes. He held up two gold coins. "Take the gold and go."
"Bedroom.
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock. Sherlock tugged at John's shirt, pulling him down into the bed. John felt a surge of arousal through his whole body. He put his hands in Sherlock's hair and kissed him heatedly. Carefully, he put his body on top of Sherlock's, straddling his right leg. Sherlock sighed against John's mouth. He was as hard as John was.
Sherlock nodded again.
John and Sherlock crashed together, clutching at each other. Sherlock was drenched, his skin cold to the touch. He wrapped himself tightly around John. The two police officers had run after him. They stopped behind Sherlock, looking slightly shocked.
John yanked against the ropes as another wash of primordial fear rushed through him and pulsed into his cock. He couldn’t move his legs.
Sherlock pulled back, breathless. "Upstairs.
John's eyes closed as he let out a low moan. "Oh,
change." He took a steadying breath and looked at John again. "I have spent my life believing myself to be asexual. When I met you, I didn't understand what I was feeling. What I was... needing." John lifted his hands to Sherlock's forearms and gripped them gently. "I have had to... re-evaluate my identity. I now believe a more accurate classification for me is demisexual."
. Until you're
John hopped down and pulled out his wallet. He was quite pleased to have completed the public portion of the encounter with Greg, as he hated cloaking his true form. He was looking forward to stretching his large black wings, and, if he was honest, to showing off his exquisitely filigreed ebony and gold horns.
Sherlock looked up at John. "Do you want to know what
Sherlock started by stroking John's upper arms. He paused as he moved toward his shoulders. "Will it hurt you if I touch your scars?"
Monday, September 12th, 1977
Sherlock took John's face in his hands, pushing his fingers into John's hair. He bent down and kissed him. He employed every technique he had learned from John's kiss downstairs until John was trembling under him. He finished unbuttoning John's shirt and pushed it off of his shoulders. He then tossed the shirt to the floor. His eyes raked over John's body, taking in every detail. "May I touch you?"
"John." John's eyes opened again. "You are magnificent. I've never seen anything as beautiful as you are."
"Do we
Sherlock shook his head insistently. "No. No, that puts you at risk. It's horrible enough that I've endangered John. I won't endanger you, too."
John left Sherlock there and unhitched Beau. He rubbed him down, let him have a long drink, and gave him some oats. He put Beau on a picket line and returned to the wagon.
Sherlock attacked John's shirt buttons, pulling the shirt out of John's trousers to get it completely open. "Oh..." he breathed as he revealed John's upper body. He put his elegant hands on John's chest, stroking over every inch of the bare skin he'd uncovered. "Oh, John, you are even more lovely than I'd imagined." He grasped John's dog tags delicately, lifting them off his chest.
Sherlock's POV
John's POV
John tangled his fingers in Sherlock's hair. His voice was soft. "I don't want your heart to be closed. Mine certainly isn't."
"Thank you."
John stood by the stairwell and watched him drive away.
John shook his head. "No... d-...
"Hello."
. He made a subtle adjustment to accommodate his rapidly hardening cock.
"He didn't love me. He said what we had wasn't a relationship - it was 'just a bit of fun.'"
"Hello, Sherlock. It's nice to see you."
Sherlock reached out blindly to find John's other hand. When he found it, Sherlock pulled it onto his own head and put John's fingers in his hair. John was completely lost in pleasure. He let his hand rest lightly on Sherlock's head. Sherlock pulled off just long enough to say, "Pull, John!" He went back down.
." He tossed the coins on the ground and disappeared into his cloak.
Sherlock smiled weakly at him when he came back in. "You're all wet."
"Look at me, Sherlock."
The bartender thanked John and shook his hand. He told him that his and Sherlock's drinks were on the house tonight and went back inside with the waitress. The other patrons followed, and soon John and Sherlock were alone on the sidewalk.
"I told you before. You're lucky." John laughed. He could see that the prince was struggling not to laugh with him. He nudged the prince's shoulder with his fist. The young man gave up and laughed. He lifted his head and looked into John's eyes. John was struck again by how beautiful and unusual the prince's eyes were. They seemed to change colour with the light.
“We prefer someone more interesting,” John said, allowing his eyes to roam over Greg’s body.
"I want to learn to... take you down my throat. Like you did to me. Will you teach me how?"
ask you to hide again, Sherlock. I almost lost you last night. I could have lost the most important person in my life while keeping him a secret from
"Come around where I can see you."
John smiled back. "Let's just relax, then. Come sit down." He led Clara to a chair and sat on the couch near her.
Sherlock's eyes were dark with arousal as he looked up at John. "I want to." His voice was low and breathy. "Oh, God, John, I want to.
They were quiet for several minutes.
“We are only seen if we wish to be,” Sherlock said. He leaned closer to Greg. “I know you’re stuck on the Downing case. Tell me, does the brother have a green ladder?”
“No!” Sherlock said sharply.
. The stupidity of other people never ceases to amaze and appall me."
When John relaxed, Sherlock pulled back and looked at him. John was completely wrecked. He let go of Sherlock's hair and dropped to his knees, still panting. He put his hands on Sherlock's knees and let his head fall down between his upper arms as he tried to catch his breath.
Sherlock leaned forward in return. His eyes were full of heat and mischief. "The things you would do to me? What about the things I would do to
"Yes..." John looked around nervously.
doing it!"
“How do I know?” John shot back testily, “You’re not human. Now, if you’ve got a cock, show it to me!”
John shuddered, his blood beginning to rush southward. He grasped at Sherlock's hair as Sherlock dragged his tongue from just above John's collar to his ear and took John's earlobe between his teeth. John gasped quietly and arched his back. He pushed his hips back against Sherlock and found that he was already hard. Sherlock moaned quietly. He pulled John's shirt out of his jeans and slid his hands under it. John closed his eyes, focusing on the feel of Sherlock's hands on his skin.
" he hissed.
"None of that. I adore you.
"So," John said, "Tell me what it's like living in a castle." He grinned at Sherlock.
6:40pm
"Where are you headed, Henry?"
5:15pm
When asked what he was working on, Holmes mumbled something about bee colonies as he continued his search. An avid amateur apiologist, Holmes monitors the health of the bee population in Loose Park.
Sherlock took hold of John's belt. He deftly removed it and opened John's trousers. John reached down to stroke his fingers along Sherlock's jaw. "You don't have to..."
John watched him intently, deeply appreciating the play of Sherlock's muscles and tendons under his pale skin as he moved. "I'm glad you're back. I thought you'd be at the park for ages. You were so wrapped up in observing the bees that you didn't even look at me when I jogged through the rose garden."
John's POV
Sherlock's eyes were moving over John's body again. John knew his jogging shorts didn't leave much to the imagination. And he knew he was... generously proportioned. "Do you mind if I sit with you for a minute, Sherlock?"
hold you?"
John released Sherlock and collapsed back onto his heels. He put his left arm around Sherlock's uninjured right leg and rested his head against it. He was still breathing heavily. "Oh,
. John managed to push the words "thank you" past the lump in his throat.
John smiled back.
"Mm. I suspect you're already aware of my affinity for music. My vielle was the only thing that kept me from throwing myself out the nearest window." He paused and looked down. "That and... Apollo."
John's eyes fell closed as he moaned softly. "Yes, Sherlock. God, yes!" He opened his eyes. Sherlock looked into John's eyes for a moment before lowering his gaze. He reached down and passed his graceful fingers lightly over John's cock. John gasped in pleasure. His cock twitched toward Sherlock.
John kissed Sherlock deeply again. Then he drew back. "Give me just a moment, Sweetheart."
John put his fork down and spoke quietly. "Look, Sherlock, you have to understand. That hospital lives on gossip. The rumor mill is relentless."
Sherlock was completely nude except for John's dog tags by the time John had his shirt off. When John stood up to take his trousers off, Sherlock threw the bedcovers back. He crawled onto their bed. "John, come
Sherlock paced rapidly through the sitting room, his dressing gown swirling behind him. Lestrade's offhand comment had left him deeply shaken. Sherlock's mind replayed it over and over. "Well, John won't live at Baker Street indefinitely. He'll eventually meet someone and get married, I expect."
John's heart swelled. "
After locking the apartment door behind them, Sherlock grabbed John's arm and pulled him into his bedroom. John staggered to a halt. Sherlock's bedroom had floor-to-ceiling windows identical to the ones in his living room and a massive king size bed. Sherlock tugged on John's arm again until they were next to the bed. John grinned when he spotted a framed scientific diagram of a bee on the wall.
Sherlock glared at him before continuing. "I outran him. And I outran his men. I circled back while they were searching the woods so I could retrieve my vielle and my pack. I may have 'liberated' some of the Lord's gold while I was at it."
John held the towel tightly to Susie's head. She was starting to come around. Her eyelids fluttered, and she began to move her arms. "Susie. Susie, it's okay. I need you to hold still for me. My name's John. I'm a doctor. Can you hold still for me?"
Sherlock moaned quietly. "John, John,
, John tried to convince himself, staring up at the crack in the ceiling.
There was a rustling of pages. The conductor raised his arms and everyone shifted in their seats, raising their instruments. They began.
John took care of Beau and put him back on his picket line. He went to the wagon to get supper ready. He noticed Sherlock quietly slipping away on his crutches while he was busy, but didn't give it much thought. When John finished preparing their food, he looked up, wondering where Sherlock had gone.
John whimpered when he felt Sherlock lean forward. Sherlock's mouth was hot and wet on John's hip. John shuddered with anticipation. Finally,
John groaned. "
John helped Sherlock get out of the wagon. He turned to Mike. "Thank you, Mike. We couldn't have done this without you."
Sherlock stared at him, seemingly at a loss for words.
John took hold of Sherlock's knees, then pushed his hands up Sherlock's thighs. He grabbed his hips and gently pulled him forward to the edge of the bed.
John slid carefully out from under him. Sherlock didn't open his eyes. He burrowed down into the bed with a sigh. John gazed at him for a little while before grabbing some clothes and heading to the bathroom.
John began to move lower, sliding his body over Sherlock's. He kissed his way down Sherlock's neck and collarbone and sighed against his skin. "My God, Sherlock. Do you have
Sherlock smirked. "James. Where are
John's hand was warm and strong, supporting Sherlock's back as he lowered himself down into John's bed. Sherlock heard John's breath hitch. Sherlock stopped breathing altogether. He looked up at John's face.
forget what I am.”
The bigger man mounted his horse. He turned to John. "Don't forget there's a reward. You see anything unusual, go to our men in the village."
John was taken aback. "Please don't tease. This place isn't much, but it's all I have."
"Anything, John."
to use that?"
Yet again, Sherlock had shown her a way to elevate her already remarkable artistry.
"All right. Look, just let me show you the cellar. We'll see how it goes."
John's face flushed hot. "I..."
John didn't break eye contact. He lifted his trembling hand to his own mouth. He licked it and reached down blindly for Sherlock's cock. As he wrapped his hand around it, Sherlock cried out. "John!
John leaned in toward Sherlock, keeping his voice low. "Can I take you out for a drink, Sherlock?"
"You don't... worry that people will... know?"
, I didn't..."
John knew he really meant somewhere they couldn't be overheard talking about his life as a prince. "I've never been on a ship before, but I've heard it can make one sick."
"Hello?"
He scanned behind the bar to see which member of the staff looked like they’d been hit by a lorry. There he was, standing uselessly in a puddle of liquor and broken glass. John made eye contact and watched in satisfaction as the man’s chest rose dramatically with a deep gasp.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed heavily, but he pushed off the side of the bed to stand next to it. He turned his back, and his arse was even more glorious than it had looked from the other angle. Sherlock put a hand on one hip and looked back over his shoulder, pushing his large, folded wings off center. “How’s that, then?”
John turned to Harry. "Harry, come sit next to me." He scooted away from Clara and gestured at the seat closest to her.
John laughed. "You're impossible, you know that?"
Sherlock melted against John. "I'm starting to," he whispered.
"John, you're incredibly beautiful. Get in here with me." Sherlock lifted the coverlet to allow John to slide in. They tangled themselves together in the small bed. Sherlock pressed one more kiss to John's lips. "Sleep now. You need to rest."
"Yes, but... will you tell me... stories?"
"No..."
"What's this?"
Sherlock's POV
Then Sherlock was at the rail a couple of feet away from him. He hadn't been sick, but he looked pale. "You all right?" John asked him. Sherlock nodded slowly and leaned against the rail.
"It's not that I don't want it, John. Believe me. I want it."
John smiled in relief. "Yes. Thank you, Sherlock."
John paused. He had Sherlock's fly open. He held onto the denim with both hands and fixed his eyes on Sherlock's. "
John was shuddering with anticipation and desire. At long last, Sherlock plunged one hand into his trousers. He moaned extravagantly, tipping his head black to expose his delicate throat. He then lowered his head and looked deeply into John’s eyes before dropping his gaze to his own groin, prompting John to also look where Sherlock’s hand disappeared into his trousers.
John stopped breathing. He clutched desperately at Sherlock's hair as he came incredibly hard. As he finished, he gasped for air. He loosened his grip on Sherlock's hair and looked down, panting and quivering. As John watched, Sherlock released him and dropped back on his heels, lowering his head. Sherlock's chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath. John bent down unsteadily and cradled Sherlock's face in his hands. It took him a moment to regain the ability to speak. "You okay, Sherlock?"
John thought to himself.
They held each other for a long time. Then John pulled back. "Come, my love. We can't spend the whole afternoon on the ground." He got up and helped Sherlock stand. The he helped Sherlock up into the back of the wagon. He got in as well, and both of them sat against the hay John had bought for Beau.
"But I -"
Sherlock visibly relaxed. "All right, then." He released the dog tags, letting them fall back into place on his chest. "I'm keeping the dog tags, John."
John was quiet for a little while. "You didn't take him with you."
"I'm really sorry, Sherlock. I haven't... done this before, and I... panicked. I'm sorry."
"What I... I said that out loud?"
Sherlock still looked confused. "By what?"
John felt Sherlock grow impossibly harder in his mouth. Sherlock was trying to speak. "J-John... I'm..." John squeezed Sherlock's arse and sucked harder. Sherlock's body went completely rigid as he came in John's mouth. He gasped and went silent. He wasn't breathing. John swallowed around him. As his orgasm subsided, Sherlock's body sagged and he began panting again. He continued stroking through John's hair with a trembling hand. "
John ran to the door before Sherlock could get out. He shoved the door closed and grabbed Sherlock's upper arms. "Sherlock,
"I'd much rather stay with you, believe me, but if we are going to eat, I need to hunt."
John dried off and went to the bedroom. After putting on a t-shirt and pajama pants, he grabbed similar clothes for Sherlock. When he returned to the bathroom, he found Sherlock leaning heavily against the shower wall with his eyes closed.
"No."
He leaned in and kissed John gently. John was still in shock.
"You're so gorgeous. I can't quite believe you're real." John looked at him in wonder.
John sat up a little. Sherlock made a little whining noise. John put a finger against Sherlock's mouth. "Shh, Darling, not too loud. It might not be safe to make too much noise."
." He smoothed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "I'm yours for as long as you'll have me, my love." He leaned down and kissed Sherlock's forehead.
John was shocked and horrified. His heart was still pounding in panic after he'd come back around the wagon to find Sherlock crumpled on the ground. He helped Sherlock sit up and wiped the tears off his face with a clean handkerchief. He took Sherlock's face in his hands and looked into his eyes. "
After he'd dressed, John paced through his apartment.
John leaned down and kissed him. He pulled back. "How are you feeling, my darling?"
John's footsteps echoed against the marble. The Art Deco murals towered over him. He decided he'd enter the music hall at the back of the first balcony. He'd have a better chance of avoiding being seen there. He climbed the stairway and peeked through the door.
Sherlock ate the bread and drank the ale while he was still upright. Then he settled back into bed for a nap.
"So you've said. But why do you live in such a remote place?"
"That's all changed." John stroked Sherlock's cheek with his thumb.
As John began to come back to himself, Sherlock was shifting him, propping him up between Sherlock's left shoulder and the wall. Sherlock reached down to stroke himself with his right hand. He shuddered and groaned brokenly as he came almost immediately. He was trembling with the effort of holding both of them up.
Greg’s breathing had quickened. A flush was starting at the back of his neck. They were getting to him. But suddenly, he shut down. “Sorry, fellas, it’s all a bit much for me. I think I’ll call it a night.” He moved to get off the barstool.
"I think I'm starting to get an idea of how much trouble I'm in."
He braced himself as he opened the door.
John bit back his anger. He was beginning to understand why Sherlock was so shocked that John wanted to help him. Without it being
"Are you ready? Do you know what you want to do?"
John was overwhelmed. His heart was so full he thought it might crack open. It was a moment before he could speak. "Sherlock, my darling, I love you, too." They pulled each other into a kiss. Then John put his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
"All right, John?" Sherlock asked softly.
John nodded.
John lifted his head. "I hate for Mike to take the risk," he said soberly. "But he's right. I don't see any other way to get you out."
John had never felt such intense pleasure. It spiralled out endlessly. Animalistic moans he had never heard himself (or anyone else) make escaped him uncontrollably. Sherlock looked up at him from under his lashes. His eyes had begun to glow brightly. John gazed back in wonder. Then something else occurred to him. Sherlock’s eyes sparked with amusement when he saw John realize that Sherlock had not yet come up for air.
Sherlock squeezed him a little tighter. "And I you."
Sherlock made his way to the door. He unbarred it and began to open it.
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked down when he felt John pulling at his shirt. John's hands were making quick work of his buttons. He yanked Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and let it fall open. He put his warm hands on Sherlock's waist and looked. "Do you have any idea how
After a few more minutes, John took a deep breath and stepped back. "Let's get you back to the house." He shouldered Sherlock's pack and helped him up the stairs.  Sherlock watched John close and hide the hatch. They walked slowly back to the house. John brought Sherlock to the bed and set down the pack. Sherlock took his cloak off and sat down. John bent down and removed Sherlock's boot. He stood and hung up his own cloak. He removed his own boots and went to Sherlock. Sherlock laid down and John crawled into the bed next to him. They put their arms around each other. John closed his eyes.  He spoke quietly. "Sherlock."
He brought his hands to Sherlock's waist, sliding them inside Sherlock's open shirt and around to his lower back. He held Sherlock close as they kissed. At length, John broke away from Sherlock's mouth to lavish attention on his neck again. He spoke against Sherlock's neck without thinking, the words flowing unbidden from his mouth. "Sherlock. Love you. So much. God, I love you. So beautiful. Gorgeous. Brilliant. Amazing. How can I be so lucky? How? I must be dreaming. Oh, God, I love you. You remarkable, incredible man!
Lunch was quite a balancing act. John did his best to convince his mother and Linda that Clara and he were interested in each other and distract them from the sparks that were flying between Clara and Harry.
Sherlock reclaimed John's mouth, kissing him deeply as he continued rolling his hips gently. Waves of pleasure coursed through John's body. Suddenly, Sherlock sat upright, still straddling John. He grabbed hold of John's tie and gave it a light tug. John groaned again. Sherlock pulled John's tie loose and threw it down onto the floor. He yanked his own jacket off and threw that down as well. John's arousal surged even higher as he watched. He was gasping for breath.
Sherlock looked down at John in wonder. "
The sound of Sherlock's violin filtered out through the door. It was plaintive, almost desperate. John was spellbound. As Sherlock played on, his sound changed into something fiery. Passionate. John leaned even closer, resting his temple against the door. After a few minutes, Sherlock's music changed again. It felt joyful. John closed his eyes and let it wash over him.
John could hear Sherlock's smile in his voice. "Yes."
He stepped under the warm water and closed the glass shower door, sighing when the water hit his chest. As he closed his eyes to shampoo his hair, images of Sherlock filled John's mind. Sherlock in the rose garden with the sun catching in his hair. Sherlock practicing his violin next to his apartment window. Sherlock in his tuxedo, commanding the violin section. Sherlock lying on his back, eyes burning into John's, cheeks flushed with arousal.
John giggled, turning to look at Sherlock. "We smudged your eyeliner." Sherlock grinned and let his head fall back farther, closing his eyes. John continued more soberly. "Thank you for... trying to be quiet."
John's hands slid around Sherlock's waist, under his shirt, and up his chest. Sherlock gasped at John's touch on his bare skin. He couldn't help arching his back slightly as he felt the heat of John's mouth between his shoulder blades.
The top of the piano was stacked high with charts, notebooks, and sheet music, both printed and handwritten.
Sherlock tensed up against him.
He shuffled his wings slightly, settling them. “We can feed on fear, pain, and shame. Or,” he said, fixing his eyes on John’s, “We can feed on other energies. I find that pleasure is far more satisfying.” He leaned forward. “One night absorbing a human being’s pleasure can sustain me for several weeks.”
time."
And with that, Sherlock lowered himself all the way down onto John, reclaiming his mouth in a heated kiss. When Sherlock broke the kiss, he moved his weight to John's side and buried his face in John's neck again. "I love you, my John."
John looked down at his own hands. "Well, my... my scars."
"The most romantic thing you've ever said to me contained the words 'rat's ass.'" He giggled again. "John Watson, you truly have the soul of a poet."
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's thigh, still panting. John was struggling to catch his breath. He sat up and pulled at Sherlock's upper arm. "Come up here with me."
John leaned down and kissed him gently, brushing his hair back from his forehead. "I love you, too."
Sherlock shook his head. "It's all right, John."
Sherlock wobbled a bit. "I intend to." He smiled sheepishly. "Thank you, Mike. I'll always remember your kindness and generosity."
John's heart felt tight.
. Are you sure?"
John let out a shaky breath. "I know. I need to go find a room. But I'm so worried about leaving you alone that I can't seem to walk away from you."
John smiled wolfishly at him. He rolled his hips as he bent down, wringing a cry of pleasure from Sherlock. He kept Sherlock's wrists pinned to the mattress as he kissed him deeply. Sherlock arched his back, panting against John's mouth. John continued thrusting his hips against Sherlock, appreciating each whimper and cry he was able to draw out of him.
. He finished setting the table and went to the kitchen. "Linda's daughter, I suppose?"
Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him.
John took the elevator to the twelfth floor - the top floor of the building. When he stepped out into the hallway, he realized that there were only two apartments on the twelfth floor.
"Hmm?"
John stroked him once. Sherlock thrashed against him and cried out wordlessly. John stroked him again. Sherlock cried out again. He let go of John's hair and grabbed at his arm. "John! John, wait!" he said against John's shoulder.
"I'm a violinist."
Sherlock squeezed his hand. "
Greg snorted. “At least you’re confident. You two are really that good?”
John watched the cars passing by the window. His heart leaped when he saw the black Mustang flash by. He turned his attention to the restaurant's doorway until Sherlock appeared. Sherlock's face lit up when he spotted John. He crossed the restaurant quickly and sat opposite him. The sunlight coming through the window caught in Sherlock's eyes, making them glow a warm jade green. As he leaned down to set his violin next to his chair, his white shirt stretched tightly across his chest. He'd already cast off his suit jacket and tie and unbuttoned his collar. They'd only been apart for a matter of hours, but John was nearly overwhelmed with the need to pull Sherlock into his arms and kiss him senseless. Sherlock looked knowingly into John's eyes, one corner of his mouth turning upward.
They were quiet for a while.
“Until next time, Sherlock.”
Sherlock's POV
Sherlock didn't want to admit it, but John was right. He had no choice but to trust him. Sherlock glared at John for a moment. John just looked back at him, waiting. His hand was still out.
They made slow progress, stopping at the top of each hill to let Sherlock rest. John watched as Sherlock's pain steadily increased. Even in the dim moonlight he could see that Sherlock was going grey with it.
"You got it. What are you writing, Sherlock?"
She laughs bitterly. Sherlock seethes.
Sherlock took him farther in and stroked the underside of his cock with his tongue. John gripped the edge of the table with one hand. He moaned, bending forward over Sherlock. He put his other hand on the back of Sherlock's head, his fingers tangling in Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock sucked harder and moved faster. He continued holding John's hip down with one hand to keep him from bucking too hard. John cried out, thrashing under Sherlock. His body arched and went still as he came in Sherlock's mouth.
John arched back against Sherlock, unable to hold back a sharp cry. "Ah!"
John knocked again. "Sherlock! Open this door!"
John's mouth was hot, wet, and very talented. Sherlock was lost in pleasure, moaning and writhing under John. After only a few minutes, Sherlock was already at the edge. "Oh, John, John, c-close..." Sherlock tried to pull John's head away, but John just worked Sherlock harder.
Sherlock whimpered. "John, John, John!" John ran his tongue over Sherlock's collarbone. Sherlock grabbed John's hair with both hands and dragged his head upward until their mouths met again. He released John's hair and stroked his hands over John's back. He then slid his hands between their bodies and untied John's breeches, loosening them. He continued kissing John deeply. His hands stroked over John's back again before plunging under his waistband and grabbing hold of his arse. John gasped, breaking out of their kiss. Sherlock growled. His fingers clutched at John's arse and pulled his hips down firmly against Sherlock's.
. Hang on a moment." John was reaching out to the bedside table. He opened the drawer and pulled out a condom.
John tucked Sherlock back into his underclothes, but left his breeches untied since he was still mostly hard. He got to his feet, his eyes still locked on Sherlock's. He pushed Sherlock's hair off his forehead and kissed him softly. "You've been so good for me, my darling. When I say, you can let go of the shelves and do whatever you want with me. Would you like that, my love?"
John's right arm slid around Sherlock's waist and pinned him tightly to John's right side. John felt solid and warm. Strong. Sherlock felt a surge of heat rush through his body. "Put your arm around my shoulders." Sherlock did, his hand landing on John's left shoulder. He leaned on John. John winced and inhaled sharply. Sherlock yanked his arm back quickly. He stared at John with wide eyes.
." He braced his arms on John's back and lifted each foot in turn.
. It was knocked out of tune but unharmed. Sherlock sighed in relief. He quietly tuned and repacked the vielle. He tucked his pack into the side of the hollow and put the boot next to it. He put his gloves back on.
John smiled even more brightly and pulled Mike into a tight hug. "You're amazing, Mike. I can't tell you how grateful I am for your help." His voice started to break. "I'll never forget it."
." He whispered. "And... it hurts when you have to just call me Sherlock. It'll be even worse when you have to call me Henry."
John is hit in the chest. He falls to the floor.
Sherlock slid backward off the side of the bed. He took his trousers off, revealing his graceful legs and leaving himself fully nude. Confusion clouded his sharp features. “Why is it so difficult to refuse your requests?” he muttered.
“What do you have in mind?” Greg asked.
Remarkable violin music filtered in from the living room as John sat down at the kitchen table with his laptop and a cup of tea. In John's opinion, Sherlock's newest composition was one of the best he'd written in years. He relaxed into his chair and closed his eyes to listen.
When Sherlock had finished talking, John took Sherlock's hand in his. He pulled it to his mouth and kissed it. "Thank you."
Sherlock went silent. He stared at the ceiling for several minutes.
John pulled at Sherlock's breeches, untying them and pushing them down. He palmed Sherlock's cock through his underclothes. Sherlock gasped against John's mouth. He was already hard.
Sherlock nodded, still looking down at their hands. "It's not finished yet."
“So, it wouldn’t hurt you if I -“ John was already moving forward. His hand was reaching out almost of its own accord.
Sherlock’s grip on them was stronger than steel. Sherlock’s teeth hadn’t been that monstrous before. He was sure of it. Almost. It was obviously a trick, meant to scare him. Wasn’t it?
When Sherlock settled back into bed, John immediately wrapped himself around him. He nuzzled into Sherlock's neck. "You were right."
John was staring at him with wide eyes. "You're even more beautiful than I imagined," he whispered.
Sherlock flexed his hand on John's cock, his thumb pressing against it and his fingertips stroking down the shaft. John's hips bucked upward, nearly throwing Sherlock to the floor. "Oh! Oh my God, I'm sorry! Are you okay?"
Sherlock's mouth fell open slightly.
Sherlock frowned. "I'm simply here to take you to dinner."
"Yes."
"It's an old injury. But I landed right on it." John rubbed at his shoulder, rolling it slightly in an attempt to relax the cramping muscles. "The elbow you threw didn't help." He gave the man a pointed look.
"Sherlock..." John's voice was already broken. "I have to go."
"You like barbecue?"
Sherlock grabbed at John's hand. "Lie down with me, John. I don't want you to be cold."
“Your trousers. Take them all the way off.”
After they crossed the bridge over Brush Creek, Sherlock pointed at an impressive apartment tower. "That's my building," he said.
John turned reluctantly and saw Judy behind him. "Sherlock Holmes."
"You're not going back. Not if I have anything to say about it." John leaned forward. "We just have to keep you hidden until you can travel again."
John met Sherlock's stare. "I'm counting on it."
Sherlock was silent.
Sherlock's POV
Sherlock took hold of his crutches. "Let's go."
Symphony No. 4 in E Minor, Op. 98
myself falling more deeply in love with you. And I didn't know it was possible to love someone more than I already loved you. I'm surprised I didn't fall over."
Something dawned on John. “You did this to my shoulder before, when you tied me.”
John looked down, his cheeks flushed. "All right. Anything for you, my dearest one."
“Go on, then. Tell me my desires.”
John took a deep breath in anticipation, but Sherlock's hands moved out to either side to drag down his hipbones and onto his thighs. John whimpered helplessly.
"As soon as you can. Thank you, John. I owe you."
Sherlock laughed again. "You don't listen to classical music, I take it?"
. Don't let anyone but me hear you make that lovely sound."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I love you, too, John."
skilled. But Sherlock was on another level entirely.
"You didn't tell me you were the... first violin?"
Since that moment, John had felt a surge of warmth in his heart every time he'd heard the faint clinking of the tags against each other when Sherlock moved or caught sight of the chain under Sherlock's collar.
"I'm not stupid. I know who you are."
"I hope so, John. He's really quite lovely." Sherlock turned toward John.  The light of the fading sunset behind John shone warmly on Sherlock's face. John's breath caught at the sight.
After John had showered and brushed his teeth, he peeked back into the bedroom. Sherlock hadn't moved. John smiled. He watched the beautiful man sleeping in his bed for a few moments before going to the kitchen to make breakfast.
When John dropped limply back onto the bed, Sherlock released him. He sat back and looked at John's face. John's cheeks were flushed and he was gasping for breath. Sherlock was stunned at how vulnerable and open John had become. He had given himself over completely, holding nothing back from Sherlock. Sherlock was even more stunned at the burning need he felt in his heart to give himself to John just as completely. It was all a bit... terrifying.
John grinned at Sherlock's outburst. "Not far from here. Just outside the nearest village."
John paused. He'd been able to work that much out himself. "Did she call you a demon?"
John cried out. "
John clutched at Sherlock's shirt, still unsteady on his feet. He took a half step back and leaned against the table, breathing heavily.
John stepped back. Sherlock moved to the edge of the bed and put his feet on the floor. He reached out and took John's hand in both of his. "John, I want you to know that everything I have is yours. The flat. The record collection. The books.
After a few minutes, Sherlock's voice cut through his reverie. "You're overdoing the rubato. Go back to letter K."
Sherlock did as John said. When he opened his eyes again, the first signs of dawn were appearing. His body was stiff and sore from sleeping against the wall. And sleeping upright hadn't done his leg any favours. He stretched a little, rubbing at his neck.
"Nothing, nothing!" Sherlock tried to reassure him. "Two guards came by, but they didn't notice me."
John's chest hurt. He felt like his throat was closing up. He struggled to speak. "Can I call you tomorrow morning?"
He winked at Greg and watched with satisfaction as his cheeks flushed pink.
John grinned back. "Yes, of course I do."
Sherlock sighed. "I'm a musician. The Lord I was employed by caught me with his wife."
John took a steadying breath, entered the music hall, and took his seat.
He leads John toward the door.
Sherlock chuckled. He took the watch from John's hand and put it in the pocket of his robe. "Yes."
Sherlock talked for several minutes, launching into a detailed explanation of the colony's role in the health of the rose garden. He was mid-sentence when he suddenly drew up short. "Oh, God," he said. "I must be boring you to death, going on about this-"
John's mouth opened on impact, allowing Sherlock to explore it with his tongue. John moaned and pushed his hands inside Sherlock's dressing gown, clutching at the back of Sherlock's shirt and pulling him even closer.
Sherlock's hands moved to John's lower back. He clutched at John, pulling him down tightly against himself. He started pulling John's shirt up, sliding his hands beneath it. John moaned at the feel of Sherlock's hands on his bare skin.
He was looking at John with utter confusion. “Not particularly.”
." John let go of one of Sherlock's hands so he could turn forward and drag Sherlock along faster.
let that go?"
(See the end of the chapter for
After a few minutes, he looked up. There was anger and concern in John's eyes. Sherlock tried to give him a reassuring smile. "It's all right, John. Really. Please eat your supper, it's going cold."
John stepped out of the elevator, approached Sherlock's door, and raised his hand to knock. He froze, his hand suspended. Then he leaned closer, resting his hand on the door and turning his head to put his ear next to it.
you are?" He began to stroke Sherlock's sides and leaned in to kiss his chest and stomach. He continued to speak between kisses. "Do you... have any... idea... what... you...
"I can't ask you to put yourself in danger by helping me."
, John."
my closest friend. Until I met you." John put his hand on Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock laughed. He stood up slowly and leaned in close to John's ear. He lowered his voice. "You're not getting away that easily, John. I'm nowhere near done with you. I promised you I was going to
Henry rolled his eyes again, but he sheathed his knife, tucking it back into his belt. John set his bow on the ground and knelt down.
John’s entire body reacted to him immediately and profoundly. All remaining fear and hesitation disappeared. His arms and legs moved of their own accord, opening to accept the deliciously substantial weight of the demon’s body. The incubus may have been as perfect as if he was carved from marble, but he was as warm and pliable as any man.
this. You wanted to surprise me. You were so sweet. And I freaked out and told you to leave.
"I have to confess something, Sherlock."
"All right." Sherlock's voice was weak.
John nodded slowly. "Just a bit overwhelmed by your beauty, my love."
The surge of patients had begun to abate. John was finishing his notes on Mrs. Henderson's chart when he heard it.
!" Sherlock clutched at John's upper arms and whined.
"John!" Sherlock gasped, his body arching anew under John's. John smiled into Sherlock's neck, savoring his reaction.
The bigger man dismounted, passing his horse's reins to the smaller man. John walked to the house with him and opened the door. The man went in and looked around. He walked out and crossed to the rabbit, pulling a knife from his belt. He cut the rabbit down and took it with him. He tossed it to the smaller man, who put it in one of the bags hanging from his saddle.
Sherlock was staring unabashedly. "Oh, John. You are glorious."
Sherlock laughed quietly and wrapped his arms around John.
John couldn't help grinning at him. "What?"
John sighed. "I'm sorry. I really am."
John instinctively obeyed, out of exhaustion if for no other reason. Sherlock muttered an incantation, and tingling warmth spread through both of John’s wrists. John gasped, but managed to stay still. When Sherlock released him, his skin was flushed but intact.
John released him, concealing his light and breaking the unwavering eye contact.
John grinned back and started pulling his shoes and socks off. Sherlock did the same. They giggled quietly together as they grabbed each other for balance. John unbuttoned his shirt cuffs. Sherlock followed John's lead again, unbuttoning his own. He took his watch off and put it on John's nightstand. John put his watch and his dog tags next to Sherlock's watch. He quickly shrugged his suit jacket and shirt off his shoulders and threw them aside. He grabbed the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled him down into a kiss.
People didn't like Sherlock. Without exception. And John was the most incredible man Sherlock had ever met. He deserved someone like himself. Not someone like Sherlock. John would eventually see this truth. And he would send Sherlock away. Sherlock didn't know if he would survive.
Ma Rainey, Booze and Blues:
off of you."
John's heart was still racing. He closed his eyes and focused on the way the breeze felt on his body. He put his right hand up and squeezed his left shoulder. After a moment, he opened his eyes and dropped his arm back to his side. He watched a single car moving slowly through the quiet streets.
Susie whimpered.
Greg slid one of his hands up onto his own chest and grasped the pale, elegant hand that still rested there, looking helplessly into John’s eyes.
6:00am
John held his hand up in surrender. "Or you could keep them if you like," he said in a soothing tone.
Sherlock nodded helplessly, a whimper escaping him as John ducked back down. John shoved Sherlock's shirt up and freed him from his underclothes. He grasped Sherlock's cock and ran his tongue up the entire length. Sherlock choked back his cry of pleasure, struggling to keep quiet. John showed no mercy, taking Sherlock's cock into his mouth and stroking with his tongue.
Thank you so much for reading! ❤️
Sherlock:
"You said you've never done this before. What does that mean?"
Sherlock stared silently out the window.
“But it matters very little, John. Because either way,” he continued, his voice growing rough with lust. “
Sherlock turned back to Mike.
The waitress was back in just a moment with John's old fashioned and Sherlock's scotch.
All of the players stood up and started gathering their music and belongings. John jumped out of his seat. He had to find a way to catch Sherlock. He ducked back through the door and weaved his way through the building until he heard voices. Two people carrying instrument cases came out a small side door. John caught the door and went through. He saw more people with cases. He knew he was close now. He went down the hall in the direction the people were coming from.
"I... I heard you playing. I snuck into the balcony. That was the most incredible thing I've ever heard."
John ran his fingers over Sherlock's forearms and pressed back against him. Sherlock flattened his palms and ran his hands up John's chest. He nuzzled into John's neck, holding John against him firmly. John felt his heart quicken. He reached up and put his hand on Sherlock's head, keeping him in place. Sherlock's breath ghosted over John's skin as he sighed and pressed his lips against John's neck.
Sherlock put his hands on John's upper arms. "I'm sure you'll think of something." He pulled John closer and kissed him deeply.
John took the record and looked at it.
I wanted those things. I'm
John gestured down the stairway a bit awkwardly. "There's not much in there right now, as we're just coming out of winter. It's not exactly fit for royalty, but if you need to get out of sight it'll do."
John nodded. Sherlock got into his car. John clumsily found his way back into his own car and watched Sherlock drive away.
Sherlock smirked. "What were you thinking about?"
what you think." He leaned forward onto the table. "Classical music isn't all the same, you know. And it's much more interesting live. I'd like the opportunity to change your mind. Come to one of the concerts this weekend. I think you'll like it. And if you don't, you won't have wasted any money on it because I can get you a comp ticket."
Mike put his hand on John's shoulder. "I will. And I've explained to them the story we agreed on about you moving to Scotland for a fresh start. Only Molly, Greg, and I know the truth." He pulled John into another long hug. "You take care of yourselves." Mike's eyes were wet.
"I'll tell my mother as soon as possible. I should do it in person, so it may be a couple of days before I get the chance. But consider it done. Fortunately, I have a feeling Harry may be a bit more understanding than Mom will be."
John finished rinsing the platter and handed it to Sherlock to dry. He shrugged. "Harry and Clara will be here for turkey sandwiches tomorrow. Besides, it's our first Thanksgiving together. I wanted it to be special."
John's voice was choked. "I wish there was a better way. I hate to put you through it, Sweetheart."
Sherlock pulled back. "All right. Up we get." He grabbed hold of the bench behind him and began to push his way back onto it. John grabbed him, steadying him and pushing him upward until he landed back on the bench.
" he hissed.
2. Andante Moderato
Day after mind-numbingly boring day passed, and his thoughts returned again and again to the dark-haired man. Where had he gone? Why had he been looking at John?
The next chapter will be the final one. (Expect a long, porny epilogue.) Thank you for reading. Positive and/or constructive comments are appreciated!
. He cooked a frankly ridiculous amount of bacon and eggs and made tea precisely the way Sherlock had taught him.
distracted."
John was still sweating heavily from his morning jog as he rode the elevator to the twelfth floor. He let himself into Sherlock's apartment and tossed his key onto the entryway table.
Sherlock looked down. "I'm sorry, John. I have always lived my life a certain way and never expected that I would change - that I
John squeezed Sherlock's arm lightly and stood up. "I'll see you on Monday, Sherlock." He jogged out of the rose garden.
Sherlock's POV
Sherlock pulled out his cock, opening his hand to display it, and John groaned loudly at the sight of it. It was well formed, generously sized, and dusky pink. And it was gloriously hard. John pulled violently at his restraints again, burning with an all-consuming need to touch Sherlock.
how sexy you are?" He dragged his tongue down Sherlock's pectoral. "The way you move against me - it's
As John gained some of his faculties back, he deepened the kiss, putting one hand on Sherlock's hip. He brought his other hand to the open collar of Sherlock's shirt. He grabbed a handful of the fabric and twisted lightly. Sherlock gasped against John's mouth. Emboldened now, John tugged slightly at Sherlock's shirt and took control of the kiss.
"John -"
Sherlock's arms tightened around John's shoulders. His body went rigid. He cried out wordlessly into John's shoulder as he came over John's hand and onto his chest and stomach. John worked him through it, still murmuring his encouragements. "That's it.
"Yes. It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever heard. Ever seen. You were like an angel. It was almost too much, actually. My heart could barely take it." John stroked Sherlock's hair. "I could actually
John closed his eyes and looked down. "No." He lifted his chin and looked into Sherlock's eyes again. "But I don't care about that. It's more important to me that
Part 4:
." John leaned down. He had both hands on Sherlock's shoulders now. His remarkably blue eyes burned into Sherlock's. "Like it or not, you need help right now. I won't let you go back out there injured and alone." Sherlock stared back, stunned into silence.
"Obviously," Sherlock said in a mock-imperious tone. He tenderly stroked his hand down John's back until it came to rest in the curve at the base of his spine. "About what?"
"Hello, John." Sherlock was wearing a dove gray three-piece suit without a tie, his shirt open at his throat. He was shockingly gorgeous.
Sherlock reached behind himself and undid a button at the back of his trousers. John thought dimly that it must allow for his tail. At any rate, Sherlock was able to push his trousers down his hips, exposing his bollocks as well. He wrapped his hand around his cock and stroked it a few times, sighing in pleasure. John moaned desperately, his own neglected cock throbbing.
Sherlock smiled. "Doctor Watson."
John, voice tight with pain:
After the waitress walked away, John giggled again. "I'd like to formally apologize to you for saying the same thing to you when we met."
11:45am
Sherlock was pulling at John's shirt. John let him take it off him and toss it aside before reclaiming his mouth.
"Thank you, John. That sounds wonderful."
"A symphonic poem, yes. It's Rimksy-Korsakov."
"Anything else would be a waste of time."
Sherlock stepped closer to John, looking intently into his eyes. John took a sharp breath and instinctively stood up straighter, pushing his shoulders back slightly.
Sherlock watched John stoke the fire and prepare a rye loaf. John put the loaf by the fire to bake. He began preparing flat bread as well. Sherlock's eyelids grew heavy. He soon dropped off to sleep.
Sherlock threw his hands in the air. “Why is it always vampire?”
John spoke quietly. "I've never met anyone as fascinating as you are, Sherlock. You're brilliant, funny, kind, and absolutely gorgeous. I think about you constantly."
After releasing Sherlock, John stayed on his knees, looking up at him with fire in his eyes. Sherlock, still watching John as he'd been commanded, let out another whimper.
John kissed Sherlock gently before getting down from the wagon. "Let's get some more miles behind us before nightfall."
you. I'm yours as long as you'll have me."
Angelo shook John's hand vigorously. "Nice to meet you, John." He turned to Sherlock. "I've got something in the back for you, Sherlock. Come on over. I'll get it."
Sherlock hopped his right leg forward a few inches. He kept his left leg pulled up off the ground.
. You hear me, darling?"
John sighed contentedly at the delicious feeling of being clean, in a real bed, being held close by his love. They both closed their eyes and were asleep within minutes.
As he reached John’s abdomen, Sherlock pushed his knees back and angled his body down. As Sherlock’s hips rose upward, John lifted his head and let his eyes drift along Sherlock’s back from his strong shoulders to the backs of his powerful wings, now folded. Just at the base of Sherlock’s tail, John caught sight of the most spectacular arse he’d ever laid eyes on. He’d seen a number of rather fine arses in his day, and his own had inspired its share of compliments, but Sherlock’s was otherworldly.
John's POV
"Your tibia - your shinbone - is cracked, but it didn't break in two. I don't have to set it. Believe me, you wouldn't have enjoyed having it set. And you haven't broken the skin, so you don't have to worry about a nasty infection taking the leg. You should be fine in a few months."
"Good night, John." John could hear the smile in Sherlock's voice.
"All right."
Sherlock laughed with him. "Had I known that changing my style of dress would have this effect on you, I'd have done it sooner."
Sherlock gripped John's forearms as John managed, with some difficulty, to get back onto his feet. Sherlock stood, still holding on to John. He locked their arms together and bent to retrieve his notebook and John's cane.
" John knew Sherlock was close. He stroked faster. Sherlock made a keening sound.
John knew Sherlock could feel the tension in his body as he tried to control the rage coursing through him.
Sherlock swayed. "
The pain in Sherlock's heart was white-hot and searing. He'd known from the start that this was inevitable. But he had dared to hope he'd have more time. Shame coursed through him. He'd been a fool to think he could keep John Watson. For any amount of time. Sherlock pulled his hands down over his face.
"Hey!" John said indignantly, turning to see if the man had any idea he'd nearly knocked John down. The man didn't look back. He merely glanced to his right before stepping into the street directly in front of a moving car.
,” he said in a deliberately lowered tone.
John knew his technique was far from perfect, but Sherlock was going to pieces above him all the same. Sherlock shuddered and gasped, still covering his mouth in what was clearly a desperate attempt to be quiet. After a few minutes, John felt him get harder. Sherlock began patting at John's head. He moved his hand from his mouth just long enough to choke out a single word. "
John swallowed hard. "Hi, Sherlock."
John hung his bow on its hook. He took the pack off his back and set it next to the bed. He hung his quiver up next to his bow before turning to look at the prince. "I told you. I'm not stupid. Just look at you. Look at your boots, for God's sake! I've never seen such a fine pair of boots."
from my life. I couldn't live with being nothing but a pawn in my brother's game."
John's eyes were burning into Sherlock's. "
John snickered.
(See the end of the chapter for
John paused when he caught sight of him. Sherlock was sitting on his usual bench, facing away from John, scribbling in his notebook. He was wearing his peacock green shirt, which was John's favorite because of the way it played up Sherlock's lovely eyes.
. It made him sick that Sherlock seemed to believe that he was unlikeable.
. He must have been injured in the fall because he had then dragged himself into the trees. He'd done an exceptional job of covering the evidence. He could have stayed hidden from almost anyone. Anyone except John Watson.
"Perhaps it would be a good idea to stop for a few minutes." Sherlock tried not to let the pain show on his face. They sat on the ground for a while. John gave him some water. After they had rested for several minutes, he helped Sherlock get up and they continued walking. They stopped at the top of each hill to allow Sherlock to rest.
Sherlock opened the shower door and stepped in. John grinned widely. "Hi."
Sherlock looked into John's eyes. "No, I don't," he said quietly.
Sherlock smiled up at John sleepily. "My John," he whispered.
His heart jumped into his throat. The Philharmonic was on the stage. John stumbled into a seat in the back row. The orchestra wasn't playing at the moment. The conductor was giving instructions to some of the players. John's eyes searched through the violinists.
"Sherlock?"
The door opened slowly. John walked in, lugging a bucket of water. Sherlock let out the breath he didn't know he'd been holding and let his hand drop away from his knife. John grinned at Sherlock, set the bucket down, and went back out into the hall to pick up a second bucket of water.
"Ha!" Holmes cried triumphantly, yanking a single sheet of paper out of the stack and holding it up. He disappeared into his and Watson's office, silk robe trailing behind him.
Molly shook John's hand. "Thank you. I'm Molly."
Sherlock shifted his hands out from under John's and took both of John's hands in his. "
But John's relief was short-lived as it continued ringing.
Sherlock looked down at his notebook. "I... I was taking notes." He looked back up at John. "Sometimes I come here to... observe the bees," he added shyly.
When Watson retired from medical practice in 2010, he began a second career as an author. His 2012 best-seller, 'Into Battle: A Memoir of the Front Lines of the AIDS Epidemic,' is his chronicle of the AIDS crisis in Kansas City and his efforts to save his patients' lives. Watson was reluctant to discuss the years described in the book, stating, "I'll let the book speak for me on that subject. I did what could. I only wish I could have done more."
Sherlock's head tipped back against the door with a thud. He squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered, his hands clawing aimlessly at the door.
John didn't move yet. He waited until Sherlock looked at him questioningly. He put his left hand up to his face and scratched a nonexistent itch on his forehead. As he pulled his hand away, he paused to tap his third finger with his thumb. Three times. Sherlock's face broke into a brilliant smile.
"No." Sherlock locked eyes with John. "No, you're really not." He looked back down at his plate. "Why did they say I ran?"
John pulled Sherlock's nightshirt off and dropped it. Sherlock brought his hands up. He trailed his fingers over John's upper body. John surrendered to Sherlock's touch, leaning over him and closing his eyes.
Sherlock stood up straight, rising to his full height. "Doctor Watson, was that a blatant attempt to get into my flat?"
He was perched with his bare feet curved over John’s footboard. His bare,
Clara twitched. Her eyes darted to John for a split second before she resumed staring at Harry. "Hmm?"
Iggy Pop performing in Manchester
John suddenly released Sherlock's hair and pushed himself up so he was kneeling, straddling Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock's hands dropped away with the movement, falling back onto the bed. John looked down at Sherlock and groaned at the sight of him. Sherlock was laid out half naked and quivering under him, looking completely debauched. His face and neck were pink with stubble burn, his hair was tousled from John's fingers, and his eyes were alight with passion. He and John were both panting.
The light still emanating from his beautiful body surged again as his pleasure overtook him. “Oh!” he cried, “Oh, J-“ He doubled over, the glossy waves of his hair falling forward to obscure his face.
John was shaking his head. "Sherlock, you don't have to..."
Sherlock snickered a little and burrowed his head in against John's neck. He wrapped his arms more securely around John. "I remember. I remember how you looked at me. And I remember the mauling I got from you later that night."
Unity Temple is a landmark of the Plaza, a beloved public speaking and recital venue, and a place of acceptance and diversity.
Sherlock winced in pain, then grinned at him. "But
Sherlock cried out again, completely overwhelmed. John's mouth was warm and perfect. His tongue stroked the underside of Sherlock's cock as he pushed the head back and forth in the tight channel of his throat. Sherlock shuddered hard and clenched his fists in the dressing gown. He had never felt pleasure like this. He continued to cry out wordlessly.
Sherlock tapped John's thigh. "Hey."
John reached out and picked up Sherlock's watch. It was heavy. The leather band was soft and thick. If felt expensive. John looked at it for a moment. He turned it over. There was engraving on the back. "WSSH."
Sherlock was startled when John groaned in dismay. He pulled back so he could see John's face. "What's wrong, John?"
"Oh, God, John."
The lights blinked out as the carriage hit a bump in the track. John instinctively tightened his arms around his cane. When the lights flickered back on less than a second later, the man was gone without a trace.
The old woman running the shop didn't speak any English, but John was able to point out what he wanted and negotiate a price nevertheless. He picked up the heavy box of salted pork and walked toward the door. Before he reached the door, it burst open and Sherlock came through as fast as he could on the crutches. He pushed right past John.
He got up and put on an old t-shirt, jogging shorts, and tennis shoes. He stretched a little.
Sherlock looks up, eyes flying open, startled. His hands fall away from his temples.
John looked up at him, speechless.
John pushed her hair back from her forehead. "It's okay, Susie. You're going to be fine"
John brushed his lips gently over Sherlock's and laid down next to him. Sherlock rolled to his side and put his hand on John's hip. His fingers were trembling. He looked into John's eyes and tucked his fingers into the waistband of John's briefs. John nodded, and Sherlock took them off of him, sitting up to get them off John's feet.
I won't."
Sherlock's eyes widened. "Really?"
John was nearly unable to continue, but he took a steadying breath. His knee really was killing him. He shifted and lowered his weaker knee to the ground to ease some of the pressure.
John looked into Sherlock's eyes. The ship tilted dramatically to the port side. John lost his footing and stumbled back against the rail, clutching at it.
"Boring."
"Hamburg."
"Close your eyes. And
Sherlock ran his left hand up onto John's chest, holding John tightly against himself again. He rolled his hips, sighing against John's neck. "My God, John, you're so beautiful like this." His voice was quiet in John's ear. "So responsive. You drive me
As the sky grew darker, they held each other and talked quietly. John found himself telling Sherlock things he hadn't spoken of in years. Things he'd never told anyone else. Sherlock was opening up to him as well. They talked for hours in the pale moonlight filtering in through the windows before drifting off to sleep, tangled together in Sherlock's bed.
about you." He was forced to release Sherlock's wrists as he moved down to Sherlock's belly. Sherlock's hands found their way into John's hair. "I can't get over how
John dragged his hand down Sherlock's neck and over his chest and stomach. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock's cock and held it firmly. Sherlock convulsed in pleasure. His mouth broke away from John's as he cried out loudly. "Oh! Oh, God!
As Sherlock came back to himself, he was mortified, realizing that he had come before they had even taken their clothes off. He lurched back against the door and put his hands over his face. "Oh, God, John, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to -"
Sherlock leaps to his feet and strides across the room, stopping mere centimeters from her.
"Yes..."
John:
John handed Sherlock a travel mug of coffee and kissed him goodbye as he headed out to check on his bees. As soon as Sherlock shut the door behind him, John hurried to the bedroom and shucked off his bathrobe. He dressed quickly but carefully in a charcoal gray suit with a robin's-egg blue shirt.
"Last month's population estimate," Holmes answered without looking up from his search.
John was heavy and warm, halfway on top of Sherlock. Sherlock continued stroking his hair, listening to his breathing become slower and deeper. He marveled at his good fortune and made a silent vow that he would take care of John. Keep him safe. Give him
Sherlock's hand dropped away from his mouth. "Yes, John, of course I will!" he choked out.
"Them knowing you're gay is one thing. You bringing
"Open your eyes, Susie. You're going to be fine. Hold still for me, okay?"
Sherlock looked down at him, a wolfish smile pulling at the corners of his gorgeous mouth. “I have a cock, John.” He moved one of his big, pale hands onto the bulge at his groin and hissed in pleasure. “Do you want me to take it out?”
Sherlock was taken aback. He lowered his hands a bit to look over them. "But - you can't possibly mean that!"
"That's close enough."
Sherlock had already changed his clothes. Mike had brought a cloak and boots as well. Greg's clothes were worn and a bit baggy on Sherlock's lean frame, but they would do.
The noise that came from Sherlock was loud and extravagantly exasperated.
John fidgeted with his hands. "Is he always so... forward?"
Anderson scoffed again.
Sherlock continued running his hands over John, exploring his upper body. The fingertips of his left hand were calloused. He bent down and dragged his tongue from John's pectoral to his collarbone. John arched his back and let out a choked cry. He realized all of a sudden that he didn't want to do this on the couch. Not the first time, anyway. He grabbed Sherlock's head with both hands. "
"Of course, John. If I weren't, I wouldn't be going myself."
Sherlock looked out the window. "Do I?"
Sherlock carefully pushed himself back upright against the wall again.
Sherlock dipped down, dragging his mouth over John's jaw and neck. John's hands made their way into Sherlock's hair as he moved lower. He traced his tongue down and across John's pectoral, pausing to flick it against John's nipple. John gasped quietly. Sherlock kept moving downward over John's stomach. He put one knee on the floor, then the other. He grasped John's waist and looked up. John moaned at the sight of Sherlock on his knees. His mouth dropped open as he looked into the heat in Sherlock's remarkable eyes.
to notice how it felt to have Sherlock's hand on him.) He picked up a crutch and held it up to Sherlock's right side. "Looks like I got pretty close with the height. What do you think?"
John touched Sherlock's arm, halting him. "Why don't we take a break, my darling?" John smiled at him encouragingly, but Sherlock could see the concern in his eyes.
"I'm no one. I'll be gone soon enough." He held the coins out. "Just take the gold and tell no one you saw anything."
John smiled down at him adoringly. "Together." He leaned over to get the lube from the top drawer of the nightstand.
what John was thinking.
"No, not really. I
"Yes, you too," John mumbled, eyes closed, already relaxing into the bed. Sherlock stroked John's hair until he fell asleep.
, Sherlock, that's
tea. If you don't understand the difference between real tea and the appalling substance Americans serve in its stead, then I can't help you." Sherlock stood up. "If you'll excuse me for just a moment, I need to make a phone call." He walked toward the pay phone in the cafe's entryway.
He kissed Sherlock until he was lightheaded. Then Sherlock pushed forward. He tipped John onto his back and crawled over him, one knee beside John's hip and the opposite foot on the floor. John looked up at Sherlock and let out a low groan. He grabbed the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled his head down to kiss him again. Sherlock sighed against John's mouth. John put his other hand around Sherlock's waist and pulled him down. They both moaned, breaking their kiss as Sherlock's weight dropped onto John's body.
Sherlock took John’s face in his hands and claimed his mouth with a heart-stoppingly passionate kiss.
Sherlock leaned onto both crutches. "They're perfect, John.
Sherlock was watching him, confusion and curiosity in those remarkable green eyes as John weighed out what could be their last conversation.
owe you. I'll never be able to repay you for your generosity. But that has nothing to do with what's happening between us." He stroked his fingers through John's hair. "I kissed you because I wanted to. And it's killing me that you won't kiss me back." He tugged on John's shirt a little. "If you don't want me, I'll find a way to deal with it. But I've seen you looking at me, and I think you want me, too."
John moaned at Sherlock's words and pushed himself upright, his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. He dragged his hands down Sherlock's body.
Sherlock groaned. "Not really. Don't want to move."
John was spellbound as he listened to the orchestra play. Twice more, Sherlock played solos, this time sounding almost... playful. John's heart pounded wildly both times. A pretty, dark-haired young woman played some lovely cello solos as well.
Tuesday, September 13th, 1977
John was still nervous. "You're sure?"
Sherlock continued, "You're close already, John, I can tell. The way you're thrashing against me. I can feel you trembling. You're incredible." He moved his hips again, shoving his cock against John's arse. "You feel how hard you make me, John?"
John set the food and the spool of twine on the kitchen table and went through the rest of his things. He packed the potatoes and his pieces of spare clothing.
Sherlock opened his eyes.
John spoke quietly to him. "I'll walk in ahead of you and talk to the innkeeper to distract him. You can go straight through to the back. It's the third room on the left."
John blinked and looked down at the prince's feet. "Let's get that lovely boot off so we can get you into the bed, Your Royal Highness."
Sherlock was in the driver's seat, staring straight ahead.
"Have I ever mentioned how much I love your hands?" John asked.
"I didn't know for sure until today."
John got to work cleaning and stitching the gash on Sherlock's temple. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "You want to tell me why you were in the water instead of safe in your apartment?"
“Yes, I have a tail,” the incubus said, rolling his eyes again. “We did already establish that I’m a demon.” He whipped it forward for a moment. It was long, black, and pointed.
John grinned. He picked up Alice Cooper's new album, "Lace and Whiskey." He held it out to Sherlock, fully expecting the same disgusted expression that the iced tea had inspired a week ago. "I was thinking about getting this one. What do you think?"
John’s heart pounded so hard he could feel it in his eardrums. He squeezed his eyes closed for a moment in the futile hope that he would reopen them to find his world returned to normal.
John had no choice but to go back and wrap up his shift. He walked out of the hospital into the staff parking lot and saw Sherlock's Mustang parked next to his Vega. He stopped walking for a moment, realizing he'd been holding his breath. He steadied himself and approached the passenger side of Sherlock's car. He hesitated for a moment, then got in.
"All right, John."
“Fascinating?”
John kept his eyes squeezed shut. "You're... vulnerable. I don't want to take advantage."
They laid down in the back of the wagon to sleep. John had bought blankets to make it more comfortable for them. Sherlock pulled John close, wrapping his arms around him. John nuzzled his head into Sherlock's shoulder and pulled the blankets securely over them both. "We'll be home soon, my darling."
John was quickly losing any semblance of control in the encounter. Had he really agreed to this? If he didn’t pause this now, he never would. He managed to claw back enough self-control to put his hands on the demon’s shoulders and push him back.
He parked his car next to Sherlock's at Loose Park and nervously checked his pocket as he walked toward the rose garden.
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock!" John leaned onto him, wrapping an arm around him and tucking his head against Sherlock's neck. "It's all right now."
Sherlock:
Sherlock looked away. "That's... half of it."
The bartender, the other waitress, several patrons, and Sherlock were standing in front of the bar, watching. John approached the bartender and waitress. "She's going to be fine," he told them. "A couple of stitches and she'll be good as new." The ambulance drove away.
." Sherlock lowered himself even closer to John. "
"Gorgeous," Sherlock whispered reverently. John watched as Sherlock reached up with both hands and put his fingertips against John's collarbone. "You're absolutely gorgeous, John." Sherlock trailed his fingers down John's chest and over his stomach.
John took Sherlock's plate and washed up. He went to the pile of flour sacks he'd brought from the cellar and arranged them on the floor so that he could sleep on them. He sat down in his chair and tugged his boots off.
think to even talk to me!"
"No!" John denied instinctively. Sherlock pulled back and looked him in the eye. John felt his cheeks flushing pink. "Well... not yet."
John was surprised by how shocked Sherlock seemed to be that John had made crutches for him. How was it that he seemed so unused to people doing things for him? Don't princes have things done for them constantly? There was so much he didn't know about Sherlock.
John moaned, his eyes fluttering shut.
John nodded. "I know. Just... tell me if I do it wrong, okay?"
Sherlock slid his hands down John's back and pulled him forward. He straightened up and pressed their upper bodies together, heedless of the mess on John's body. At first, John instinctively flinched at spreading the mess, but then he readily gave himself over with an indulgent little chuckle. One of Sherlock's hands moved up to the back of John's head and cradled it against his chest. John could hear Sherlock's heart pounding wildly and feel him trembling. Sherlock kissed the top of John's head. "I love you so much."
. I know. I understand. It took me a few hours to calm down. At first I felt... rejected. Like you didn't want anyone to know we were together because you were... ashamed of me."
Sherlock looked over John's shoulder at the horse. "What's his name?"
Sherlock removed the smile from his face as he turned around. John's face was stern. Sherlock suppressed another grin and moved backward to lean against the closest of the pillars holding the storage shelves up.
sometimes forget to look
Sherlock's mouth was next to John's left ear. "Have you gotten some of your strength back yet?"
Sherlock sighed in relief, closing his eyes. "Oh God, John,
without a second thought.”
Dmitri Shostakovich
Sherlock looked down at his own feet.
John kept his voice quiet. "Sherlock,
"Harry, this is Clara." John stood up. "I'll just... go see if Mom needs help with the roast." Neither of the two women looked at him. John suppressed a giggle and went to the dining room so his mother wouldn't see him and shove him back into the living room.
Sherlock smiled at him, more awake now. "Much better," he said. "Starving."
John sat up a bit and looked Sherlock in the eye. "Are you telling me that the great Sherlock Holmes can't deduce bisexuality?"
John shook his head in disbelief. “What must the first three be, then?” he marveled.
Disappointed horror flashed across Greg’s face. He groaned. “Oh, bloody hell. This is the part where you tell me he’s a vampire, isn’t it?” He dropped his head heavily onto the bar and began talking to himself. “It’s always the hot ones. I should have known. Two hot guys, double the ridiculousness.”
John's hands came up to hold Sherlock's face. "Hey, hey," he said as his thumbs stroked Sherlock's cheekbones. "Look at me, Sherlock. Is this too much?"
Sherlock hadn't eaten anything. John put his empty plate next to Sherlock's full one and stood directly in front of Sherlock. "You want to tell me what that was about?"
"It's a common enough response when I reveal someone's secret."
Sherlock took a calming breath and relaxed into John's touch.
. There must be a way forward. Going back was not an option. He would rather die than spend another day under Mycroft's thumb.
John stared down at the envelope in his hand. Fear sat like a stone in his stomach. He looked back up into Sherlock's eyes and saw worry in them. He took a deep breath. "Okay. I'll go."
Sherlock, scrambling to his feet:
"I don't know. All I know is that you are the most remarkable man I've ever met. Please don't leave. There has to be another way."
"Beautiful," John murmured as he bent back down. He started at Sherlock's collarbone, slowly working over Sherlock's skin with his mouth and his fingertips. Sherlock shuddered as John moved over his upper body, gradually making his way downward.
Sherlock looked at John. John's head was down. "John? What should we do?" Sherlock asked.
"It happens a lot?"
John's mouth continued downward across his stomach. "Oh, John,
John, warmly:
John turned fully to face Sherlock. "You can understand them?"
you. You're
Sherlock smiled a little. He reached out and took John's cock in his hand to steady it. John inhaled sharply. Sherlock leaned down and opened his mouth.
John felt his anxiety falling away. "I love you so much, Sherlock."
"Lick it."
"Because I was a medic when I was a soldier. I can help you."
John went home and cleaned up the breakfast dishes. After he was finished, he went to the bedroom to get ready for work. He realized he didn't have his watch or dog tags on.
He pulls his coat and shirt open, revealing a Kevlar vest.
Sherlock nodded, his hand still over his mouth.
"John?"
John was going light-headed. “You know I do.”
"You should actually look both ways, you know." John let a half smile cross his face.
" Sherlock cried, thrashing and arching under him. John lifted his head so he could see the pleasure on Sherlock's face as he spilled between them. The sight of him pushed John over the edge. His vision whited out as he came hard. It was all John could do to hold himself up.
John continued stroking Sherlock's hair, twisting his fingers gently through the curls. "You know, I can see you training Beau when I'm tending to the vines on the hillside."
John's heart was pounding. He let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding. He leaned forward onto the back of the seat in front of him.
John grinned, thinking of the story Sherlock had told him when they first met.
"Yes." Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling their bodies together. His skin was warm against John's. He kissed John deeply for several minutes before pushing him flat on his back. He moved over him, his knees bracketing John's hips and his hands on either side of John's head. He kissed John again, pulling John's lower lip between his own.
Suddenly, Sherlock pinned John's hips to the wall. He pulled off quickly and wrapped his fingers tightly around the base of John's cock.
The stranger sighed again. "Henry."
"I'll be all right, John. We can go tonight. I have to admit I'm looking forward to meeting Mike." Sherlock smiled sheepishly at John.
John opened his eyes. He took a deep breath. "I almost did. Once. We... got interrupted."
"Thank you. I'm John Watson. What's your name?"
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1gDZTah8J2A
When John had finished eating and washing up, he grinned at Sherlock. "I've got something for you outside. I'll just go get it."
"Oh, y-you didn't need to do that on my account," John stammered. His brain had short-circuited a little on that last sentence of Sherlock's. "I'm fine. My shoulder is already feeling better."
John put his hand to Sherlock's cheek. "I should let you get some sleep. We both have work tomorrow, don't we?"
Sherlock took the gold ring out of the box. "My father's wedding ring. When Mycroft died last year, it passed on to me. It would mean the world to me if you would wear it."
Sherlock nodded slowly.
"That I wouldn't let her take it out on you just because you're a Briton."
He led Sherlock through the crowd, trying to keep people from bumping him. He found the ship and they boarded. The ship was swaying slightly in the water. It felt very strange to walk on the deck as it moved under him. He had to grab the rail to stay upright a couple of times. He found a relatively quiet spot for Sherlock to sit behind a large coil of rope. He made sure Sherlock was not visible from the shore. John stood at the rail and looked out over the docks.  After several minutes he turned to Sherlock. "Have you traveled on a ship before?"
John closed his eyes.
"It was no big deal. Just part of my job."
Sherlock was sitting in the back of the wagon with his arms crossed. He glared at John as John reached for his supplies. John paused. He put his hand out to help Sherlock down. Sherlock turned away. John kept his hand out and waited. With a heavy sigh, Sherlock scooted forward and let John help him down. He didn't make eye contact.
Then Sherlock's hands were all over him, pulling at his clothes. When they'd both dropped their clothes in a heap on the floor, they crawled into Sherlock's bed. Sherlock held John close as they stroked each other, coaxing shattering orgasms from each other's bodies.
"You don't have to say that just because I did."
John hadn’t meant to speak, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel ashamed. Not now. Not after everything that had passed between them.
As John watched him walk away, he stretched his shoulder. It was already much better. His eyes drifted down the lines of Sherlock's back. He looked away immediately, scolding himself.
John continued kissing Sherlock, pushing him onto his back. He reached into the bedside table drawer again. He kissed, licked, and nipped at Sherlock's neck and collarbone. He inched his way down the bed, his mouth moving steadily lower on Sherlock's body.
John reached for the leg next to him, putting one hand under Sherlock's knee and one under his ankle. He lifted Sherlock's leg up and started a line of kisses on his shin.
John's POV
. I can't stop thinking about you. It's
John took his hand away, causing Sherlock to make a bereft little noise. Then Sherlock's eyes widened as John put his hand to his own mouth, licking it. John dropped his wet left hand back down onto Sherlock's cock. Sherlock moaned and squeezed his eyes closed, his back arching again. John put his right hand on the bed and leaned onto it, holding his body above Sherlock's and capturing his mouth again in a searing kiss.
Sherlock pulled his opposite arm around John more tightly, gathering him closer. "Yes."
, Sherlock."
"Yes." John rolled his eyes with a quiet groan. "I've told her a million times to stop setting me up, but it's no use."
John cut Sherlock off by rising up on his toes and kissing him hard. He dropped back down. "Don't be silly. Of course I'll drive you."
"I've slept way too late. I need to hunt today, and it's well past dawn already."
Sherlock lifted his head and looked into John's eyes. He was
Sherlock pushed himself up the hill toward the hollow. The ground was much less rocky there, and he began pulling dry leaves down over his tracks.
John had tossed his bow and quiver to the floor and was already throwing Sherlock's pack onto his shoulders. "They're coming! Two guards on horseback! I saw them coming over the hill on the other side of the stream!"
. He went to the living room.
John's voice was tight. "I'll be doing some baking this afternoon. I'll keep as quiet as possible so you can rest."
"No, I needed help to put up the walls and dig the well and cellar. I traded work with my friend Mike. He has a farm near the village. I worked on his farm for several weeks in exchange for his help building this place. I did the furnishings myself, though. Kept me busy for a while."
Finally, John seemed to run out of stories. He grinned sheepishly at Sherlock. "Will you tell me one about you, Sherlock?"
. John slammed the receiver down and stalked out of the kitchen.
. "Right then. I'll, uh, just get the stew."
"Hmm?"
John had been hard enough to bend steel for what seemed like hours. He was desperate to come, but at the same time he never wanted this to end. He’d had partners that were skilled at this.
"Least I can do for my prince."
Setting note:  Loose park is the third-largest park in Kansas City. It is renowned for its rose garden. Christo and Jeanne-Claude's project, "Wrapped Walk Ways," planned in 1977-1978, was installed in Loose Park in October 1978.
The man shook John’s hand. “Greg.”
"I think you may just kill me," John continued. "
"Thank you!" the waitress said, throwing her arms around John. "I'm so glad you were here!"
"It's not even seven o'clock in the morning."
John nodded. "I'll get you some supper first." Sherlock sat up and gave John's cloak back to him. They ate quietly as darkness fell. John repacked their supplies.
"The two of you are so graceful together. It's absolutely gorgeous. I can barely take my eyes off you to work."
Mike and John went to the barn to ready the wagon. They put hay in it for Sherlock so he could lie down. And so he could hide in it if need be. They drove up to the house and helped Sherlock get settled in the wagon. He laid down, wrapped in his cloak with his hood up, half covered by the hay. John climbed into the front of the wagon next to Mike.
"You're welcome."
John took him into his mouth. Sherlock was overwhelmed. He writhed against the pillar, crying out wordlessly. After only a few minutes, Sherlock was on the verge of coming. He whimpered helplessly, trying to warn John. "J-John... oh, God... close, John!" He barely got the words out before he was coming hard in John's mouth. John swallowed around him, not letting go until Sherlock sagged against the pillar, panting.
They were almost on top of him before they separated, each taking a seat next to their target.
." He tipped his head down and pressed his mouth against John's. John immediately yielded, relaxing against the tiles and opening his mouth. Sherlock pressed in, pinning John to the wall with his body and kissing him deeply.
John's chest tightened painfully. "
John wrapped Sherlock's hand around them both of them together, gasping in pleasure. "Oh, you feel so good, Sherlock!" He kept his own left hand over Sherlock's right, guiding him.
"John?" Sherlock's eyes were wide. He looked slightly wounded.
John was taken aback. "Okay, I didn't expect that. A fortnight - that's two weeks, right?"
Even in the dim glow of the streetlights, John could see the fire in Sherlock's eyes. Without breaking eye contact, Sherlock started the mustang. "Back to your flat?"
A predatory smile spread across the demon’s sharp-featured face. “They won’t. No sound will escape this room while I occupy it.”
"Sher-Sherlock," he sobbed. "'Gonna... gonna come." He pulled Sherlock's head back, but Sherlock used his grip on John's ass to take John right along with him, moaning deeply at the pull on his hair.
Greg gasped for air, his dark eyes wide but unfocused. Sherlock used his grip to turn Greg’s head and made an outrageous display of kissing him, leading with his tongue and keeping his eyes open a bit longer than expected. When he did close them, he softened his entire body in a show of bliss, his expression enraptured.
John turned back to Clara. "Have you and Harry met before?"
"We've got to get you away from here. I have a plan to get us to the port."
As John came back to himself, he pushed up shakily, suddenly concerned. "Are you all right, Sherlock?"
John put a confused expression on. "No, sir. Don't exactly get much traffic here. Are you looking for someone?" John gasped. "Are you looking for that prince they were talking about in the village?"
Sherlock grinned at John. "Yes." The held up his left hand. He tapped his third finger three times. "I love you, John."
"John."
John dropped onto his couch and put his hands over his face.
"John."
John broke the kiss and ducked down, nuzzling against Sherlock's groin. Sherlock gasped again. "
12:25am
Sherlock wrapped a rope around John’s other wrist. “I should think it’s fairly obvious. These are your own ropes, after all.”
"I kept your watch in my pocket all day." He looked up at Sherlock. "To prove to myself that I wasn't just dreaming last night."
"I wanted you to know how sorry I am for running off."
John was in the middle of telling Sherlock a story about medical school when their waitress slipped in a spilled drink. As she fell, the back of her head smacked into a table. She dropped to the floor, her tray of drinks crashing down behind her.
Sherlock couldn't hold back anymore. He put his hands over his face and sobbed.
Sherlock nodded and looked down.
. I'm not putting you on the floor. That's the end of it."
The crewmen were beginning to unmoor the ship.
His jade green eyes were fixed on John. As John stared back, the man’s full mouth quirked into a lopsided grin.
Brush creek overflowed its banks quickly and viciously. People all over the Plaza were caught in it. Cars were swept up. Windows were shattered under the weight of the water. Basements and underground parking garages filled rapidly. Shops, restaurants, and homes were inundated.
Mary, scoffing:
"Yeah... y-yeah," he stammered. "I just thought..."
, he thought bitterly. "What time do you need me there?"
John closed the hatch and camouflaged it. He ran back up the hill. Then he ran over the next hill. And the next. He saw the riders. They were covering ground quickly. John sighed in relief. He followed them for another mile to be sure. Then he returned as quickly as he could to Sherlock.
He turned to the page that listed the musicians' names. Sherlock's was right at the top: Sherlock Holmes, Concertmaster. John felt a little rush of pride. He looked for the conductor's name. It was the only one listed ahead of Sherlock's: Gregory Lestrade, Music Director.
John's whole body shuddered. He cried out loudly, breaking their kiss. John gasped for breath as Sherlock attacked his neck, licking and biting at it. He was utterly lost, thrashing against Sherlock's body as Sherlock stroked him firmly.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "I don't want any secrets between us. I want... to confess something."
He narrowed his piercing green eyes and leaned down toward John’s cock.
“Should the mood strike me, I could just as easily
"Absolutely not! You're staying here."
Sherlock shook his head. "No. But it's all right if you want me to go." He still wasn't looking at John.
, John!"
He walked briskly toward the door. The waiter was leaning against a pillar. As John passed him, he spoke, his tone scornful. "Better hurry. Your
John couldn't help smiling back. He turned and went outside. He closed the door firmly behind him.
He smiled to himself.
"Well, then. I'd have to say... since the lab at Bart's." John looked up at Sherlock. His cheeks were now quite pink.
He snatches the gun out of Mary's hand and brings it down on the top of her head, hard. She drops, unconscious.
John put the heels of his hands over his eyes. After a few moments, he forced himself to get up so he could get into bed properly. He put on an old t-shirt and turned out the light.
Mary:
3. The Young Prince and the Young Princess
John's face was clouded with concern. "Sherlock, have you done this before?
"I'll be there."
Sherlock managed to find his voice. "Monday."
He heard Mike saying, "So John comes running out of the barn wearing nothing but a - oh, there you are! Sit down and we'll eat."
John tucked himself back into his underwear but left his jeans unbuttoned. He took both of Sherlock's hands in his. "Come here, gorgeous." He pulled Sherlock up onto his feet and wrapped one arm tightly around his waist to steady him. "I want you on the bed. I want you comfortable." He kissed Sherlock firmly on the mouth and guided him into their bedroom.
Sherlock got into his car.
He took another deep breath. "Do you think it's a stupid idea?"
John parked his car next to Sherlock's in the underground parking across from Municipal Auditorium. He got out and watched Sherlock put his violin in his car. "Thank you for letting me come to your concert tonight."
," he whimpered.
John grinned at him. "Nowhere. I just thought we might not be comfortable sleeping with our breeches halfway off."
“At your service.”
. Six.
John chuckled grimly. "I've been wanting to get behind the wheel of that Mustang, but this isn't exactly what I had in mind. I'll be back for dinner. You rest."
Sherlock convulsed in pleasure, his arms tugging at the shelves. He cried out. "John!"
John opened his eyes and looked up to see tears in Sherlock's eyes. "Oh, God, Sherlock, I'm sorry! The damned thing wouldn't start. I walked here."
Sherlock turned to look into John's eyes again. "Like it was yesterday," he said, his eyes shining ocean blue in the warm sunlight. "That was the most important moment of my life." He moved one hand up to John's cheek. "Until this one."
"One of the other doctors caught me daydreaming about you this afternoon. She said I looked like I was in love."
Sherlock traced one of his hands down John's back before bringing it around to grab at John's belt. John took the hint and pulled Sherlock's belt off, letting it fall at their feet. Sherlock dropped John's belt on top of it.
John didn't respond. He took advantage of having his right arm free, lifting it and putting it behind him into Sherlock's hair. He wove his fingers into it and twisted a little, and was rewarded with a gasp from Sherlock.
..." He put his free hand on the back of John's head and pushed his fingers into John's hair. He leaned forward and kissed him tenderly. He drew back and looked into John's eyes again. "I'm falling in love with you, too."
Sherlock's eyebrows rose. "You never told me your sister is a lesbian."
John pressed his forehead against Sherlock's. "Stop, Sherlock!
"Should we do them back up, or get rid of them?"
, Sherlock grasped John's aching cock and licked a broad stripe across the head. John cried out in relief. Sherlock took John fully into his mouth. John put both hands back into Sherlock's hair and was rewarded with a moan around his cock. As John clenched his fists in the wet curls, he felt Sherlock put his hands on John's hips and go pliant.
"With whom did she fall in love? I thought it was just the two of you and your mother today."
John moved the pack closer to Sherlock. Sherlock pulled his left boot out and set it next to the right. He dug through the pack and pulled out his nightshirt. He looked up at John.
"You were wounded in combat?"
"Once or twice," Sherlock answered quietly, his expression softening immediately. Desire burned in his verdigris eyes as he watched John pour lube onto his hand and stash the bottle under his pillow.
Sherlock kept pulling. "Bedroom. We've just become affianced, and we need to celebrate."
Sherlock grinned against John's collarbone and began to inch backward, working his way down John's upper body with his fingers and his mouth. He glanced up at John's face before running his tongue across John's right nipple. John shouted and arched his back. Sherlock smiled and did it again, this time mirroring the action on the left nipple with his fingertips. John whined helplessly, shoving his hands into Sherlock's hair.
were amazing."
..." He took a deep breath. "I was thinking about
“What’s your name?”
"Yes?"
"I'm really sorry. It's just... you know I have to be careful."
John, smiling indulgently:
He kissed Sherlock lightly, took his hand, and led him into the kitchen. He picked up his spatula and checked the pork chops in the pan. Nearly done. He set the spatula down, turned back toward Sherlock, and leaned against the counter. "How was rehearsal today?"
John's hand moved to his own wrist, lightly touching the leather strap of Sherlock's watch. He smiled to himself, remembering the morning after his first night in Sherlock's bed. Sherlock had approached John as he was getting dressed, taking his hand. He had strapped his own watch to John's wrist, silencing John's protests with a firm kiss. "I want you to have it," he'd said. The look in his eyes had brooked no further objections. John had slipped his hands under his own collar and pulled out his dog tags. Sherlock had pulled back slightly. "I couldn't..." But when John had reached up and put them around Sherlock's neck, Sherlock had looked at him with unmasked adoration. He'd cradled John's dog tags in his hand for a moment before pressing them against his chest.
"Sherlock, it was pure. It was real. It was beautiful. And it was
, John," he groaned.
Sherlock took a tentative step. John stayed close in case he had trouble staying steady on the new crutches. They haltingly made their way out the door.
John blushed more and more as Sherlock spoke. He was speechless.
The man was watching. John didn’t remember him boarding. Surely he would have noticed him. He stood at the other end of the carriage, one arm raised to hold a rail. Jet-black hair fell in thick waves around his angular face, just brushing his shoulders. He was all in black - expensive-looking suit, shirt, long coat - with the exception of the crimson silk scarf artfully draped around his long neck.
John's entire circulatory system was rerouting itself. Sherlock stepped past John into the apartment. John turned, still gaping at him. Sherlock's brow furrowed. "Are you all right, John?"
Sherlock's hand tightened in John's hair. He pulled John's head back. His breath was hot against the left side of John's neck as he trailed his tongue down it. John was panting, struggling to keep from crying out. Sherlock rolled his hips against John's arse and let out a soft, breathy moan against John's neck. He slid his hand out of John's hair and pushed it down his back, around his waist under his arm, and right down over John's underclothes to rub firmly against his already hard cock.
John grabbed Sherlock with both hands - one in Sherlock's hair, the other sliding around his waist. He kissed Sherlock until he was trembling. Then he pulled at the tie on Sherlock's dressing gown, releasing it. Sherlock sat up slightly to allow John to push the dressing gown off his arms. He dropped back down. The dressing gown was still under him.
4. Festival at Baghdad. The Sea. The Ship Breaks Against a Cliff Surmounted by a Bronze Horseman
“I’m extremely skilled,” he added, curling his long fingers against the sheets. “I can give you pleasure you’ve never known. I haven’t been rejected in the last six thousand years or so.”
John turned, looking back to check on Sherlock. He was standing next to their booth and looking at John with wide eyes. When John made eye contact with him, Sherlock's chest rose as he drew in a sharp breath. John refocused on Susie.
The colour drained from Greg’s face. He stared at Sherlock, wild-eyed. “I didn’t tell you my surname.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tilted his head downward and forced his eyes to focus on John's. He shook his head. "No, no,
John laid back into the bed, still tangled up with Sherlock. He lifted a hand and pushed Sherlock's hair off his forehead. "Do you remember the first time I heard you play?"
Feeling the new weight of the ring on Sherlock's hand sent a thrill through John's heart. He pressed Sherlock's left hand into the mattress and moved his right hand faster over them both, watching as Sherlock tipped his head back in ecstasy.
“Sentiment?” Sherlock’s gaze turned cold. “You don’t know me.”
Sherlock lifted his head. "Signal?"
Greg groaned again and sat up reluctantly.
John:
"Don't be ridiculous, John."
Sherlock:
"Your playing was... It was incredible. So expressive. I was transfixed. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, I just... sort of... froze up in front of your door when I heard you. I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have listened like that."
"Are you sure?"
"Hold still for me, okay?"
Sherlock's expression went soft. He began to relax. "John... I love you so much I don't know what to do. I don't want to... mess this up."
John's smile was tender now.  "Close your eyes now, my darling. You should rest while you can."
Sherlock's smile widened. "Playing my vielle. Even the anticipation of it is enough to get me mauled."
Sherlock looked shocked. "
John interrupted. "I won't. I'll miss you terribly, but I won't be coming back."
Location Notes:
Sherlock:
John sighed heavily.
The sun was shining brightly when John stirred, his movements waking Sherlock. Sherlock stretched slightly and nuzzled his head into John's neck.
John shuddered as heat surged through his body.
Sherlock looked down sheepishly. "Of course." Sherlock squeezed his clothes and his left boot into the top of his pack. He folded his cloak and placed it on top.
Sherlock worked John hard. He didn't waste time trying to tease, clearly aware that John was too far gone. John tugged at Sherlock's hair, causing Sherlock to moan around his cock. With a muffled shout, John came hard. Sherlock kept working him until he dropped back against the couch, spent.
. Sherlock closed his eyes and let sleep take him.
"All right," John said.
As soon as John locked the apartment door behind them, Sherlock tightened his grip on him and pulled him toward their bedroom. John couldn't stop smiling. "Where are we going?"
Sarah laughed again. "Okay, John. Whatever you say. If you're done with Mrs. Sheffield, Mr. Cooper is asking for you."
"Some people find them... off-putting," John said quietly.
Sherlock giggled and slumped back down, leaning against the doorjamb. "I was hoping you'd attack me. And you did not disappoint."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sighed heavily. He put his boot into the top of his pack and pushed it forward. John pulled it closer to himself. He put his arrow in his quiver. Then he picked up the gold coins Sherlock had tossed to the ground and tucked them into Sherlock's pack. He put the pack on his back, then shouldered his bow. He reached his hand out to Sherlock again. "Up you get."
