Sherlock smiled at his brother, “You didn't beat me there. I got a bit older than you. But Greg did beat us all.”
And then they didn't talk more about that topic.
An old theory says that gay men can't whistle. Maybe that information is useful, maybe not, in this chapter.
“Turn around, Love”, said John, “I want the first time to be face to face.”
She smiled again, “You could be surprised.”
Hamish rose and gave her a hug, “We never managed to delude them as children. Why should we have been able to delude them now?”
And the he put his head down on his arms and closed his eyes. John smiled and kissed him and dressed in his pants, vest and morning robe and then he went to the bathroom to fetch a damp flannel and the Arnica-cream....and some painkillers. He would prefer, if he could get those pills into Sherlock before he was too deep into his sleep. And Sherlock would need food as well, but right now sleep was more important.
Sherlock couldn't attend the funeral. He was too weak and felt terrible, because he couldn't come.
Greg positioned himself behind Mycroft as 'the big spoon' and hugged him, after helping him into a pair of silken boxers, to prevent too much of the cream to be smeared on the sheets, “But I only like it because you are enjoying it.” , he said.
“Of course you did. Just read on.”
But she found it impossible to forgive Mary, “She could have killed me with that blow to my head. And she killed the guard!”
Mycroft smiled, “I just wonder how I could forget that, because know I do remember all the red fur that ended on my school-uniform.”
Sherlock sat up too and took John's face between his hands and began to kiss him on his forehead, his cheeks and finally his mouth....and then he said, “I do...I do...I do. I fully capable of loving more than one person, John. And no...I don't want to marry Mycroft. I don't want to have sex with him, not any-more. Not when I have you. With him it was a time-bubble. A thing that needed to be done in order to heal us both.”
John almost lost it when Sherlock was sprawled out like that: hugging a pillow, with his long legs a bit bent and spread and the elegant curve of his back and arse just covered in that thin blue silk.
“Mary, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, Lestrade, Anderson of all people and I.....and that is about the persons, I trust right now. Or rather trusted a month ago.”
Sherlock nodded, “My right earlobe and my nipples. But I haven't worn jewellery in the holes for many years. I think the holes are closed, healed. They did fit with my disguise as 'Björn Siegerson', but I removed them at a point. It was too dangerous to flash piercings....and now? I don't know....maybe I'll find out if the holes are still there, later.”
________________________
“It’ll soon be yours too!” mumbled Sherlock into John’s hair.
“Oh...I just came to think about something, you said a while ago...You said:”I prefer my doctors clean shaven”....and you weren’t referring to my face! How did you know?”
And their confession made me think about a confession I have to make too. I would like to write something down when I can still remember it and as long as my computer works. If anyone is going to read this out in the future, if there is going to be a future, I better introduce myself:
And now Sherlock had to swallow a lump in his throat and tamp down his arousal, because he knew exactly which blue item, John had borrowed. And 'old' and 'new' wasn't that difficult: 'old' was the sporran and 'new' was the rest of John's outfit. Bespoke...every bit of it. And John was looking so incredible handsome in it. As Sherlock had walked towards his husband to be, he hadn't noticed anybody else. Just John...And oh...did he have plans for their wedding night!
“I told you that you, within reasonable limits, could ask me anything. As this would not compromise national security....the answer would be “yes”. I made a vow.....a promise. If that could show you how thankful I am, then I’ll do it!”
Sherlock smiled, “Then it was fortunate that we had Mrs. Hudson.....and that you came in time. Seeing it now, I can of course see the utter shitty-ness of Mary's advise. But I couldn't then. It seemed like a perfectly good advise about how to save you. And I would do anything to do that.....even die.....”
“She is. I was told that it was important to keep up her daily routine, especially after Mary first disappeared and then...well 'died' in quotation-marks would be the right word. And after that I wasn't ...in a good position to take care of her. And.....” John paused and he took a deep breath, before he confessed, as he had done the night before, “Sherlock....if Mary had managed to make me let you down so much that......If it hadn't been for Mrs. Hudson.......if I had come to late to save you from Culverton, and you had died....I....I'm afraid that I would have killed myself. Out of guilt.....”
“What is it?”
What a relief to be allowed to touch and Mycroft began in earnest to move his hand faster and faster and Sherlock was watching him. Wearing new gloves.....no he could never have a kink with those. That smell was too much 'hospital' or 'stich-yourself-up-while-on-the-run' (He had been forced to do that a few times in his more than two years away)
“And you didn't return until more than two years later. And my gratefulness for you being alive was showed by beating you into a pulp! Jesus! I did beat a defenceless man into a pulp!” John was shouting now.
Prince William had looked at it and John had said: “It is just a souvenir.....a memorabilia from Afghanistan!”
“And the kiss?”, wanted Sherlock to know.
“And then your mother.....I could almost get the suspicion that it is she who rules the MI6, if I didn’t know better. She can make you and Sherlock dance by her tune sometimes!!!”
Mycroft could almost see the restless, vibrant and impatient energy rippling under Sherlock's skin, and knew that Sherlock's need for pain and submission would only grow, but Mycroft allowed himself the time to look at Sherlock's body, as they walked. Admiring the elegance of his movements and his long and yet muscular legs, the legs of a dancer or an acrobat. Leading up to that beautifully rounded and lush arse. Two perfect globes, with muscles that showed exactly how strong Sherlock was. His slim hips.....not those of a young boy any more, but those of a full-grown beautiful man. Mycroft admired Sherlock's slim waist and broad shoulders, his long neck and that rich tussled bundle of black and burgundy curls on top of it all. And that little extra nape-curl that Mycroft wanted so much to touch. And all that mouthwatering muscular athletic beauty was covered in pale skin, that looked as fragile as porcelain, but was resilient and strong. Otherwise that treatment in Serbia would have left uglier scars. Now they were only faint white lines most of the places. Of course the plastic surgeons in Berlin had done a remarkable job, but even they had been a bit amazed how well Sherlock had healed.
"Puh-blick. People will see you. With me." I make sure he understands exactly what's in store if we go out.
here fishy fishy.
work is boooooring. Can't you just come home?
"Keep doing that baby. If you cum you'll relax and it will be easier to prep you." Leaning up I continue stroking him and use my other hand to lift his balls up a bit and press on the perineum since he seemed to like that so much last night.
Sherlock
I stare at him blankly.
Sherlock
"I am aware." I reply, meeting his glare.
"You promised you'd give this a chance, John," I scold lightly. I look at Greg. "I'm sure you understand my desperation to find this young man, Greg."
"Because I showed up when I did. Ruined your game plan." Myc looks at my cigarette so I take another puff and blow it out dramatically.
"I said,"
I follow him inside and head towards the kitchen to make lunch. "Hey, Myc, c'mere." The kitchen is messier than I've ever seen it. A mostly baked cake is still in its pan on the stove top and the back door is propped open a bit.
I shake my head. “Brother, aside from me, how many people know the two of you are, shall we say, more than professionally acquainted?”
I dig my nails into his chest to get my balance as I slam myself down repeatedly on top of him. "There. That's good." I grab hold of the head board and use the leverage for height and speed.
"I'm high. You got me high." I go grab a honey cake and take a deep breath. "I am very ok with that." I pop the dissected treat in my mouth before flopping on the couch next to the arm chair Martha has taken over.
And they left. To the two big suite of rooms, that the hotel had provided. Not close to each other and a bit away from the guests as well. After all, they had the whole hotel for themselves, for them and their guests. No other visitors.
John frowned, “I see. But that is not fair! Then a serial killer would have so many more lives to live!”
And finally John felt that Sherlock was ready. John thought for a moment to ask Sherlock if it was allright, but gave up the thought. Sherlock most certainly wanted this and he was ready.
And it was as if it totally changed Sherlock as he heard that.
As you can see, this is what I got from Hamish. I haven’t talked to him yet, but I’m deeply concerned. I know he lives with a single parent, his mother, and I know that such children make up fantasies about their father, when they do not have one. But this is more troublesome. His “father” is a hero, famous, rich and is a part of a famous rich family, and Hamish fantasies about a Stradivarius too. Have you considered that he maybe should have some help? And who wrote this essay? I doubt that a 5 year old boy could have written this without help.
“Which they will not test for. It is not necessary. They will just scan for the suggestive-drug..”
John had looked a bit angry as he had said, “Not all high ranking officers were like that! Major Sholto...”
As John had called Mycroft, Mycroft had suggested that they should meet there. Around 4 PM.
So when Mycroft came up the stairs both John and Sherlock were in the living room, waiting for him, dressed in their pyjama bottoms and dressing gowns.
“I want you, John, to wear these garments, together with your kilt. According to the picture included. And notice: just your kilt and socks. Nothing else...apart from these items.”, had Sherlock said.
And William had opened the box and looked at John: “Is it...?”
“One day I might tell you more, John, but not right now. Is that OK?”
(Oh shit.....had Sherlock just said that out loud!?)
As they arrived at John's flat, they discovered that the spare mattress, that Molly occasionally had used whilst she had taken care of Rosie, right after Mary had been shot and Sherlock had been pushed so cruelly away by John, was in no condition to be slept on. A vase had been knocked over unnoticed and the mattress was now rather mouldy. As Sherlock then suggested that he could sleep on the sofa, John had just shook his head and pointed out that they had shared a bed before being on cases out in the middle of nowhere and that they damned well could do that again!
“Dr. Watson” he said and nodded and continued: “I’m Mr. Hobson. I hope that you are ready for a trip to Scotland?”
And John had to use his skills to 'ground Sherlock in his body' at a few occasions where he would use pain and sex or other means to stop Sherlock's brain from spiralling out into the outer space. Apart from that they just had a very nice and a lot of times just almost vanilla-flavoured sex-life.
Mycroft shook his head, “The authorities, the doctors and the scientists, still did agree...in the early 80ties.. that the best way to get a child over a trauma was never to mention it..”
John looked at Mycroft: “But I would have hated to disappoint him and would have hated to say that I didn’t reciprocate his feelings.....because I hadn’t acknowledged them then....”
__________________________
John smiled his dangerous smile and went over to the couch, “Well, Mycroft. That was a surprise! You’ve always tried to intimidate me. Who’d have guessed that you had this other side to you too?”
Since it didn't work as good as Sherlock had hoped, Sherlock decided to use a direct approach.
“Magnussen deserves everything that could come in his direction.” , Janine had said, “He is a bully...an abuser....and he can't even see it himself.”
And Mycroft hurried down from the couch and did kneel before her and looked up, “As I said, Ma'am. I'm still yours...”
He was asked if he wanted to see Mina one last time....and remembering how bloody Mary had been, he asked: “Is she.....I mean....presentable?”
From chapter 17:
“Yes, Ma'am!”
Mycroft smiled back. A smile...but a little sad one, “Yes I have. My armour did melt. And I'm not sure that this hermit-crab can live outside its shell.”
Hamish nodded, “John died earlier this morning and Sherlock called me.”
It was just a silly thing, but he was sure Sherlock would appreciate it.
And then in April, almost 2 months after Sherlock had left, the baby was born. A little bit too early. The 2nd of April. A 3000 grams, 49 cm long little miracle. John cried as he saw her, only 10 minutes old, for the first time. Those eyes.....they looked as if the soul behind it was aeons old.....and in reality it was probably because she couldn’t focus at all! And she was a “Sherlock”....with tiny little ginger curls already. He only wished that Sherlock could have seen her.
“I promise..”, said Sherlock and continued, “There is another box.”
“What?”
And she turned and looked at him, and caressed his cheek, “I really should have married you. This was the best sex, I've ever had.”
“What are you doing?” asked John and had a flash back to a similar situation with Sherlock, just reversed, on John’s stag night.
“Oh God” moaned John as he easily pictured a totally naked Sherlock only wearing that collar and kneeling on the floor with his hands bound behind his back. The things he wanted to do him!
Mycroft paused a bit before he answered, “I was 16 when you saw me the first time. A chubby, almost fat and unhappy teenager, visiting aunt Marjorie, 'M', the leader of 'the secret intelligence'. My mother had not done anything about it. About my over-eating and my unhappiness.....”
Sherlock stopped and looked at John, “......and drugs. Carefully measured amounts. Not enough to affect you significantly. Most certainly not enough to make you high in any way at all. Just enough to spark the process. There is no logical reason to take 'uppers' and 'downers' at the same time, except from using them to spark this trance-state in a trained mind....but my brother never understood.”
“No...not really. Well obviously, since she got pregnant. But I'm as gay as it gets and so is she. She lives in Berlin with her wife...Kate...and has done that for long time. Everybody around them just assume that they had help from a donor.”
John smiled and lifted his glass in a salute, “Since it is able to melt 'The Ice-man'. You have changed, Mycroft. One might even think that you have become 'human', too.”
Sherlock continued to tell how he and John had been drugged and flown to the boat, that was just lying in the middle of the harbour of London, with ships surrounding it and they had been emitting smoke, so it seemed as if the boat was on open sea.
If just the rest of the Augments had been like Khan Noonien Singh, humans and Augments might have been able to find a peaceful solution. After all: the people under his reign in Central Asia, Middle East and India did accept him as their leader and he was a good leader, who accepted humans as equal leaders beside Augments in his governments and vassal-states. There were no riots and no genocides in his empire. People were killed or put into prison, but it was never unjust.
Sherlock smiled back, “You waited!”
Sherlock shook his head, “Household freezers around the 1930ties. Industrial freezers a bit earlier. But for scientific purposes... quite a lot earlier. In the 1860ties. The first devises, that didn't use ice but used a vaporisation system. A devise invented and being in use that early could explain why this man, Victor Baskerville's son, Percival Baskerville, did write this in the late 1930ties. Apparently Victor Baskerville died in 1930 before he could work more on his idea about 'super-soldiers'. Here, let me read this handwritten note for you aloud, because it fits with something I found, while I was on the Baskerville case for Henry:
John nodded. He had an idea where Sherlock was heading, “Go on, Sherlock.”
Mycroft shook his head, “I did let you down a few times. When you were in France on that MI6 job and because of that never finished you education as a chemist.....and when I tried to make a deal with Moriarty. I failed you in Serbia......and I failed to see who Mary really was.......”
Mycroft just looked at him and then he said, “Well, conditioning since childhood, it tends to stay rather persistently in the adult as well. And you very seldom allowed yourself to admit love for a person. Not even for women....so why should you allow yourself to do that regarding Sherlock?”
______________________
And he went to call Mycroft and to tell him that he was invited if he could be there in an hour and a half.
“Nonsense....you have never been young, Mycroft. I’ve always imagined you being born in a three piece suit and with an umbrella!”
“That was why you had to experience those scenes.....”
And time passed and the world slowly changed. Rohan and Eshan did rule the country 'behind the curtains' together with Leuris. Nearly as skilled as Mycroft and Lady Elisabeth had done. Maybe it wasn't fair to compare as the world had got more complicated and still suffered from the void that the removal of 'The Twenty' had made. It might have prevented a war, but for more than a decade it made the world less 'manageable'.
“That was amazing, Sherlock. The best sex I've ever had...”
*BLASTED THAT WE CAN’T JUST PHONE! THAT THERE IS A PARDON ON ITS WAY. MAGNUSSEN HAD A PRICE ON YOUR HEAD. YOUR DOINGS ARE BEING RE-EVALUATED AS AN ACT OF SELF-DEFENCE EVEN IF MAGNUSSEN WASN’T ARMED. AND I’M NOT SURE HOW MYCROFT SAID THAT ABOUT SACRIFICES TO YOU. I SUPPOSE YOU HANG UP ON HIM BEFORE HE FINISHED. MAGNUSSEN WAS TO BE PUT AWAY...SENTENCED....THEY JUST NEEDED A LITTLE BIT MORE ON HIM AND HIS THREATHS AGAINST YOU AND THE ATTEMPTED MURDER ON ME IN THE BONFIRE HAD BEEN ENOUGH. IF YOU JUST HAD WAITED 5 MORE DAYS, SHERLOCK. THAT WAS WHAT MYCROFT MEANT.....AND HE DIDN’T EVEN KNOW ABOUT THE PARDON EITHER.. HE DOESN’T KNOW EVERYTHING, YOU KNOW! JUST YOU STAY OUT OF HARMS WAY AND YOU CAN BE BACK IN LESS THAN A MONTH....*
“At least you were lucky to be able to see him. The day before yesterday, as I spoke to Daddy, the connection did fail from time to time. Most of the time we had only sound.”
John interrupted Sherlock and suddenly he felt so very tired and slumped down on the bed beside Sherlock, “This time I want to know both the 'why' and the 'how'......and how could you do this to me?”
They thought that he still believed them to live in London, but as Hamish talked to his father Sherlock that June-morning, Hamish realised that Sherlock had known for a long time that they had all moved to live in Scotland. In the beginning just for the summer, but since 2067 on a permanent base. London was not a good place to live any-more. Too many things didn't function any longer and a minimum of functioning subways and electricity and public services should work, if people should be able to live and work there.
Sherlock bend forward and kissed John, “I think I'm ready for another round...what about you?”
Mycroft sighed, “Because I sometimes genuinely believed that it was for your own good. I felt that I did harm you more, than I did you any good..and to be honest: because I envied you.”
But it took several more 'experiments' before Sherlock could 'bottom' in their bed, instead of in their living room or in their kitchen and Sherlock would prefer to wear at least a bit of clothing.
And as he nodded and they left, she had said, “I'm dying for a cigarette!”
And then Mycroft continued: ”And.....and if you want it ....there is a place at my parents estate....an initiated burial place......a place for her too, if you so wish!”
“How long have you been here?”, wanted Mycroft to know, not quite being able to deduce the right amount of time, Sherlock had been sitting there.
John looked at Sherlock for a while and he could see the growing anxiety in Sherlock's eyes and kept Sherlock's hand steady in his, stroking Sherlock's hand with his thumb, before he finally spoke, “I did not hesitate to make you nervous, Sherlock. But because I had to think. I made a promise to myself about never hurting you....but..”
The two men smiled at each other before kissing one another.
Sherlock closed his eyes and Mycroft just said, “I'll tell them. I promise. I'll tell them.......and I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much....”
So over the next many weeks...the time it took for Sherlock to at least get so well, that he could manage to move around without the wheelchair and manage to eat on his own, they had time to talk and explain. Not only John and Sherlock, but with Mycroft as a participant too. And Sherlock told about how he had tried to play out different scenarios in his head. The things that his mind had invented and investigated, had been coloured by the things , he had heard whilst being almost unconscious. The old cases, John had read out aloud. The old cold cases, that Greg had brought with him, just to have something to read out loud for Sherlock. The old stories Mrs. Hudson had read for him and that Molly had read too. The things John and Mycroft had talked about. Because during Sherlock's hospitalization, John and Mycroft had become sort of friends, united by their worry for Sherlock's fate. John had learned to appreciate Mycroft's dry humour, so similar to Sherlock's. And Mycroft had learned to appreciate John's intelligence and personality...and they had found, that they both shared a fondness for 'Film Noire' and horror-movies.
And then John told about the events on the 10
Sherlock touched the photos with his index finger and remarked, “It is strange. He looks a bit like me despite all the scars...”
There was an old toilet in the corner closest to another door. One of those toilets with a high tank and wooden seat. That might have been the reason for putting them in this particular part of the cellar. It didn't seem too well planned out, though. Even if the door down to the cellar was of sturdy oak and the windows too small to be used as an escape route. But there were other doors in the room and with Sherlock's skills in picking locks, they would have access to much more....and even things they could use as weapons.
“Because we had planned different scenarios. And as soon as Sherlock had solved the riddle, Sherlock thought that he rushed to her room in order to save you in time. But in reality a lot more time passed...”
Sherlock nodded, “John, it was a mercy seen through his eyes. Do you remember what he said? “Locking you up with your own worst enemy”. Mycroft genuinely believed that being in prison would be the worst for me.....and I'm afraid, that I'll have to agree. And John, I had nothing to fight for. No reason to fight like hell and hold on to life with the tip of my fingers. And Mycroft wasn't sure that this false Moriarty-threat would be enough to convince...hmm...certain powerful people in the government and even 'higher' in society.. to let me go free, even if they would benefit so much from Magnussen being dead..”
Sherlock had noticed too and hurried to explain: “Oh..it is not like Victor all over again! I was wounded by a criminal! John is actually an educated doctor.....and he would rather break a leg on himself than cause me permanently damage. That is why we are here!”
John picked up his new phone....one that Mycroft had given him as soon as they got to Mycroft’s house in the middle of the night after the accident and after John had returned to London from Berlin.
Later after Sherlock had examined every item thoroughly, he wanted to know how John had found out about his measurements and interrupted himself, “Mycroft...and my tailor... of course!”
Mycroft could hear that Sherlock tried for playfulness, but he could hear the tension in Sherlock's voice after all too, and decided that he would give Sherlock, what he wanted....or at least close to his asks.
Mycroft seemed humbled by their openness and acceptance, not the pompous man he sometimes appeared to be.
“Love you, father!”
John closed his eyes and had to remind himself that even if Mycroft had ruined everything then, he had paid a terrible price as well.
“What made you finally discover your feelings for Sherlock, if I may ask?” said Mycroft as he let John go and they went to a sitting room near the intensive care unit.
He had looked at Mary and said “Ginger!?” and she had smiled and said: “Not unusually when a blonde and a brunette make children” and he had smiled at her and said: “I think that you should stop bleaching your hair, then. I like “brunette” better. Your blonde hair deceives no one. A different haircut is a better disguise!”
John looked at Mary with a sudden understanding: “You were my sniper!”
Mycroft nodded, relieved that they understood each other, “I have a few 'hard limits'. I've been tortured for real...”
And Sherlock did leap out of bed and went to his wardrobe, lifted the secret bottom and revealed a low box, that had fitted perfectly into the bottom of the wardrobe.
“But how did he know?”, wanted John to know.
And he had the pleasure of seeing Mycroft blush a bit as they, like English gentlemen, didn't talk more about that topic and just sipped some tea.
The second last chapter...and it is a long one.
“Don't”, said Mycroft and reached for Greg's hand, “That was exactly what I needed. And I'm still sorry that I ruined our wedding-night because of my freakish needs.”
John shook his head, “I don’t agree. I really don’t think those forty-five minutes would have explained the bicycle, the tuxedo and the blue vase, not to mention the sailing boat and the cupboard in the green room. I think those French film-makers are laughing their arses off whenever someone tries to explain their films. They aren’t supposed to make sense!”
John looked at him and finally he believed him, and yet...”No...I'll still call it 'bullshit' when it smells like one and looks like one! If I had died in Afghanistan, Sherlock would have died as that bloody cabbie challenged him to take that blasted pill. If I hadn't shot that cabbie, Sherlock would have died...and he would have been able to give the rest of his life to me..”
John shook his head, “Oh Jesus...did he do that! Saw, James Bond, the Omen, Silence of the lambs....they were there, all of them. Making us feel like we were in a living nightmare.”
He had sighed, “I suppose a lot of people felt like that before WW1. You are aware that we have evidence that some agents prevented the WW1 breaking out as early as in the 1880ties?”
Two days after Mary’s and Mina’s death, Mina was buried at the Estate’s burial place. Greg, Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Harry were there together with Mycroft and his and Sherlock’s parents and Mycroft saw again John’s soldier-personality slip into place. It was John’s way of coping. And as they left the estate and headed for London again, John told Mycroft that “he was working on something that might help Sherlock. If just Mycroft could keep Sherlock out of harm’s way a little longer. Maybe shoot him in the other leg?”
And John couldn't help laughing a bit. Mycroft could really sound just like Wikipedia.
Now it was Sherlock's turn to say, “What?” with a baffled expression.
“Good!”, said Sherlock and laid his head down on his arms again. Now John wanted to check one more time, that Sherlock hadn't been harmed by the rather harsh intrusion of John's not exactly small cock and Sherlock, who was now almost asleep, was asked to spread his legs so John could see if any harm was visible.
___________________
Mycroft had listened to Sherlock's dark chocolate voice and never had he got an erection so fast....not that he could remember, and as Sherlock had told his fantasy directly in Mycroft's ear, Mycroft had made a sound deep in his throat.
“Yes sir!” answered Sherlock. He didn’t know that John hated him that much. And that made it impossible for him to make any resistance....he couldn’t help thinking that he deserved it.
During the dinner after the ceremony in the church close to the old Holmes Estate, John found it very difficult to keep his eyes from Sherlock. John had known that Sherlock would be devastatingly handsome in the full Scottish attire, but not that handsome, that gorgeous and that mind-blowing beautiful.
And now it was time for the bit unromantic part: nitrile-gloves and antiseptic cream and he chose the 3rd sound in the sound-set, he had bought. He looked in fascination as it went easily down his erect cock. He moved it up and down a bit before he carefully followed the urethra until he could feel the sound on the underside of his cock. He left it there...and took it slowly out again. Gasping at the sensation. Then he chose a bigger version and enjoyed the way it looked as it disappeared down his cock. And how it felt as it moved inside him. He would never had thought that this was a thing for him....but it was.
She smiled as she saw him standing by her bed and she reached for him with her chubby little arms, as she said, “Mamm, mammm..”
And here John interrupted as he pointed at Mycroft's hand with the ring, “Again.....”
As Sherlock angled his body and groaned at the sensation, John again had to control himself, in order not to slam his cock up into Sherlock's body in a hard and almost cruel way. So John did let go of all control and allowed Sherlock to decide.
John pushed him a bit and smiled, “You berk! Well...go on. Tell me more..”
When John was wearing the collar it meant that Sherlock was totally in charge. Sherlock’s sadistic and dominant side made him the perfect Dom; mostly because John didn’t have to say anything, ask for anything or do anything except obey Sherlock. Sherlock would deduce and read everything just looking at John. It should actually have been a bit disturbing, but when John had handed over his sovereignty to Sherlock in the bedroom, he found it arousing to be at the receiving end of so much scrutiny. It was nice at some occasions just to let go. To let Sherlock decide everything.
_________________
Sherlock saw it and smirked: “Well haven’t you and I waited long enough for each other? My bedroom now?"
John opened it...and looked baffled as he found out that it wasn’t the Royal Pardon for Sherlock but actually a....knighthood for “Sir John Hamish Watson”. He lowered the certificate and said: “It is not because I want to be disrespectful Your Majesty. But I would rather trade this...this knighthood....for a Royal pardon for Sherlock!”
Rohan smiled as Mycroft came in, and smiled again as Mycroft introduced Greg. And then he looked a bit sad and said, “I've made my decision, Mr. Holmes. I've seen the X-rays and the scans and the deterioration of the bone-mass in my right foot is increasing. The problems originated all the way back to the surgery I had as a little boy. I was given the wrong treatment....the treatment my parents could afford. And it wasn't good enough. All the operations have destroyed the veins and as I grew, my bone-matter didn't get nourishment enough. It got worse as we starved after our uncle threw us out from his house. I've lived with a hurting foot for so many years, and I know the risk of phantom-pain in case of an amputation, but I see no reason for the doctors to mend this mess...”
Mycroft took another deep breath and continued, “Knowing that it was all my fault. That I was to blame for your addiction, your overdosing, your misery.....and to watch you in mortal danger...in Serbia, in the hospital bed, after Mary shot you, you kneeling on the ground after you had shot Magnussen, on the plane......and I couldn't touch 'Mary' because of Magnussen. Knowing that I was to blame, it was almost unbearable, and the only way I could cope was to push you away. To keep you on the other side of my ice-shield. Because if I let my shield down and allowed my self to feel, I would have....
“Oh.”, said John, “Jacqui Stapleton, I suppose.”
“I only make the same mistake once. And it was a huge mistake to shoot you, Sherlock.”, said Mary, “And I think I've made amends by saving your arse afterwards, haven't I?”
John and Sherlock lived in the renovated 221B Baker Street...and 221C. They were solving cases, but not too dangerous ones. Rosie was sometimes at her day-care-family and as she got a bit older, at a kindergarten for special gifted children as well. Mrs. Hudson loved to look after her, and Molly loved it too. And Rosie loved those two women in return, nearly as much as she loved her 'Daddy' and 'Papa'.
“Hmm. Yes you are right. It is just a bad habit to feel that he is to blame for everything, when it is only all that crap with Magnussen/Moriarty that we can blame him...and it was not his fault all of it. My brother isn't omnipotent, but he did a lot of damage.”
Mycroft looked with disgust on the sandwich and put it back on the plate untouched. Then he laid down on the sofa to think everything all over again. He had had time to read the whole manuscript in the helicopter and had time to call Greg and tell him that the arrested woman had just been an actor.....and she had been released as soon as Greg had called the chief of the team of psychiatrists, behaviourists, psychologists, directors and other actors, that had made this huge effort to make a film, that could reach Eurus. In the dark, the police and Greg and even Sherlock and John (but of course they had still been drugged) hadn't noticed that the Musgrave Hall and the surroundings had been film-sets. Well, not the house. It had been real enough and had been chosen because it looked so much like Musgrave, and it had been altered, so it could fit to the ruined-Musgrave-story. The real Musgrave was just a real ruin by now. No house, left half burned down, would look a bit like a house after so many years. It was now just a pile of debris.
Mycroft nodded, “Well. Back to the reason for 'flatmate'. Sherlock needed a flatmate. Not for financial reasons. But for...mental reasons. And you needed the job as well.”
______________________
And that old white-haired lady smiled with a spark in her eye: “Yes....and it is not very nice of me. You could call it a test before I consider a reward. I have sometimes driven a small tour round the county-side with male friends from the Arabic countries, where they think that women only belong behind burkas and bars, just to show off a bit!”
And the Greg opened the gift and showed Mycroft what was inside. It was a black leather-collar of the finest leather. There were buckles for closing and D-rings for attaching chains if necessary.
Sherlock now looked at John and realized that he had never really seen the real John Watson.
Sherlock turned his head away and took his hand away from John's.
Sherlock rose with his usual grace and went over bowed down so his mouth was close to John's ear.
John shook his head, “You are not a monster, neither was the creature. Just look at it as if....You know that book “Ender's Game”? Where people tried to make the perfect general to save humans from an alien race? And they had to try more than once before they made him...Ender. And he saved them all. I'm just trying to say that even if you were made in a laboratory, it doesn't diminish your value. You are important...to your friends. To us! To me!”
And John’s fingers were able to be put through several actual holes in both jacket and trousers.
John moved his mouth away from Sherlock’s arse long enough to say, “Come for me, Sherlock” before continuing to eat Sherlock’s arse out.
It was a man this time and John told him more about his seeing people, who were not there, First Sherlock after he had jumped...
Mary took his hand, “I know what they did to you: Sherrinford, Mycroft …and Culverton. I know. That is why they are all dead know.....”
*WELL..... SOME BODILY OPENINGS ARE!*
First he put in the butt-plug. Not the absurdly big one Lady Smallwood had used on him, but still a version that would 'pulse' in size. His hole was still rather relaxed from what she had done to him, so it was easy to put it in. And then he found the remote and chose a programme. Then he took one of the set of nipple-clamps. A set connected with a chain, that could move a bit and give more sensation. They did bite....and Mycroft hissed a bit at the pain. He leaned back against the headboard and imagined that it was someone else that had put those clamps on him and right now was fingering his arsehole.
And then Sherlock stopped talking and just looked at John.
“Hey...Sherlock...stay with me. Do not disappear into your mind-palace!” John said as he still caressed Sherlock’s face.
And John discovered that Sherlock breath was even and he was sound asleep. John smiled and gave himself time to admire Sherlock's body again. Sherlock didn't look like a man in his forties. His face would give away that he wasn't in his twenties any-more, but not his body. In fact he looked better than John could ever remember. Sherlock had gained more muscles and a bit of body fat and that arse of his! Two beautifully rounded globes that showed that Sherlock's had strong muscles there too. And John knew that to him heaven was to be found between those two globes. No matter what part of his body, he would put in there. Tongue or cock. Both could work taking Sherlock apart and John loved that.
Sherlock looked up, “I was recruited while I was still in University, because aunt Marjorie, known as 'M', knew how good Mycroft had been. And everybody thought me to be like him. A bit slower, but like him. That was the reason why I never finished my education totally. Never graduated and still lack my last exam. I was tied to a chair in France and watched my fellow agent bleed to death at the time my final exam should have taken place...and afterwards I broke down and left the university. But believe me, John, if I had wanted to defend myself, I could have. Easily.”
She begun to have that odd feeling that everything was right and in order and that she had this perfect sub and he should just obey and accept what she did to him. That feeling was known as 'top-space' and it wasn't always that she would reach that.......The world narrowed down to her, the riding crop and that perfect sub in front of her, who grunted a bit at every blow. And courageously accepted the punishment, she decided for him to receive. Time stopped. The universe didn't exist. And as she continued cropping that obedient body in front of her, the tingling did build in her body and....she had an orgasm...
John had ordered take away and Mycroft had to admit that it didn’t taste too bad, and the three men forgot all about sex, rimming and riding crops, they just talked.
John shook his head, “I don't understand..”
was sent to the governments in their countries. Well, not Great Britain, as Mycroft and Leuris had informed the Prime minister of the true nature of those arrested people from the house in Bulgaria. And it was of course noticed how the protest were written and which persons, who protested the most. And they were investigated even more thoroughly, and some of those persons suddenly found themselves in a high security jail. Not all countries were allowed to contain their high-risk-prisoners, because their governmental and public structures had been too corrupted by 'The Twenty'. But other countries were more than willing to 'invite' the prisoners to a permanent stay. And they turned their deaf ear to organisations, who claimed that the treatment of those prisoners was inhuman and cruel. The world would learn the truth...later.
“Oh Sherlock...you told me once that you wasn’t a hero......but you haven’t been anything else!” John’s hand was at his mouth again and he had tears in his eyes again and there was a pain in his chest. That Sherlock had sacrificed his own career and finally nearly his life to make sure that John got what he thought that he wanted.......who was John to be worthy of such a friend? John decided that he would not leave a stone untouched to make sure that Sherlock would be able to return to England free of every accusation. Even if Sherlock would never want to see John again. And John was sure that Mary’s proof of Magnussen’s price on Sherlock’s head would help.
“Oh, on the contrary....I would have anticipated that all the sexual encounters between you and me would have caused the... impossible in real life, but metaphorical so very true...big brain of yours to be fucked out of your ears!”
Oh. She had grown so fast. She wasn't that little helpless newborn, who had fitted perfectly against his chest, with her head in Sherlock's left hand, and her bum supported with his other hand, when she needed to burp. Or a bit later, when she was able to sit up in her baby-bouncer placed in John's old chair and being fed her bottle. Now she was almost able to walk and explore the world around her. Sherlock felt a sting in his eyes and a tightness in his chest. All those months where he hadn't seen little Rosie, after having been allowed to be so close to her. Looking after her. All those months would never come back again. Lost for Sherlock for ever. That had been a part of Mary's plan too. He could see that now, but hadn't been able to see it then.
And then he looked at Sherlock, who gave a tiny little nod: “But if you want to see everything in HD quality you’ll either have to stay in person or have better cameras installed!”
John frowned, “But then Eurus should have been the end-goal. 'Ender'....the one with a brilliant mind and enough empathy to gain friends.”
notice that she wasn't pregnant at all. And she wasn't skilled enough to hide the assassin-items well enough. I just put everything back...wrote her a note about you being shot and that I was staying at the hospital......and then I called Mycroft and told him to protect you and keep and eye on the flat and then I returned to the hospital. I was ready as soon as I was told that Mary had returned to the flat, after she had shot Magnussen. He had threatened her about giving the informations about her: her new name, her job, her address, the way she looked now....to her enemies. And that they would be released, if he should die a violent death. That is why she shot you and not Magnussen that evening. But during the next days she must have decided that her cower was blown too much to be saved and she just wanted to leave the country with all our combined savings and her false passports.
Sherlock smiled and teased, “Who is bossy now?”
As they ate breakfast Sherlock wanted to know when John had promised to fetch Rosie again, if John had plans for the day? Errands? And John told that Rosie should be fetched later that afternoon and that he had planned to spend the time with Sherlock until then, since they hadn't finished....or rather,
Sometimes we don't have an idle moment. And this December some of the Augments came a bit to close to our old village and we've got 200 new refugees. It is a bit crowded now and we'll have to build more shelters into the old ruins scattered around in the landscape of this vast national park. We'll just have to be careful with the smoke and use the solar-cells and the batteries even more. We have look-outs now, if the Augments should come close. But now I'll have a few moments on my own before we'll celebrate a new and hopefully better year to come. I don't have much information from all over the world. We still have the means of communications through the old copper-wires, but people are careful and we are just sort of waiting. There have been rumours about animosity amongst the Augment leaders, but even they can't have so many human genes that they can act so stupidly, can they? Well I know at least one of the leaders to be extremely intelligent and I had thought about leaving England and flee to his empire. But it is too far away and it is just a stupid dream.
“The police would have reached the boy too late, I know. It is just, Greg. It is so hopeless. All the hard work Sherlock did when he was away. All the criminals, that were removed: killed or put in jail. And now....the void they left has been filled with other criminals, doing the same thing, making the same crimes. It is as if all the work had been in vain. Just like my job: keeping Great Britain above the water. Preventing wars and if they can't be prevented then at lest diminishing the damage. But it is as if humanity is hell bend on destroying itself. Greedy business-men ruling the world or just megalomaniac Russian and American leaders thinking that the world is their playground. There are so many signs: so many countries politically turning towards fascism, dividing the world in 'them' and 'us'. People loosing their civil rights all over the world...All the climate changes and no one is doing anything about it. Russia turning towards a dictatorship and the United States as well, controlling the press and oppressing opponents. I feel that I'm sitting on a powder-keg and people around me keep on putting black powder into it. Just like some people must have felt towards WW1. Seeing things happen, and not being able to do something. It is terrible. I might have a lot of power, Greg, ruling England from above...and Sherlock keeping an eye on society from the bottom of it all with his homeless network. Even Eurus tells me, in the way she is capable of, that something is cooking. And I can't do much about it. And I have a terrible feeling that some of it has something to do with that blasted Baskerville Facility and similar facilities all over the world. I know, I can thank the scientists from Baskerville for my existence, but I don't believe for a second that they have stopped investigating in human gene alteration. It is just buried deep within the organisation. Close it down and it will just go even more unnoticed. It is as if humans want to destroy themselves. If we do not learn to work together instead of against eachother, we will not be here in a civilized society in a 100 years. The rats and the cockroaches will inherit Earth after us.”
John nodded, “Yeah...I see what you mean...”
Mycroft was told to lie down and his legs were put in the leg-rests.
Sherlock sighed as he came into the water.....not as hot as he liked it and it smelt a bit of disinfectant....but it felt good. John had put one of the towels on the rim, so Sherlock could rest his head.
“Some of it. We don't kill each other. We don't rob. But there are still hard work sometimes and higher ranking people, who tries to make you do their cleaning. I'm supposed to show you something and to repair a huge mistake, that someone..... not me!...has made.”
Sherrinford cleared his throat and said, “Explain, please..”
John laughed, “I know...but it helped. And I did buy his tailor's illusion.
“Because I haven't attended those clubs for years, then only briefly, and then, after Sherlock returned, not at all...”
Mycroft had smiled, “I'm not sure. I see vague outlines of patterns as well. But nothing substantial yet. Not anything I can put a finger on....”
Headmaster M. Schmidt”
Survive.....well. Only barely when it came to Sherlock. And their chances of getting found in time were diminishing. And his own chance of survival would get slimmer as the time passed. He could get out of the house...and then what? Not knowing where they were and probably not able to drive a car with his injuries, not to mention that he wouldn't leave Sherlock. Not as long as he was still........
Sherlock had huffed and said, “Only an absolution in advance....”
“When did you discover that we were married...and her true name?”
John had just looked at Mycroft and had said: “Why don’t go all the way and implant a tracker in my body too?....Oh....No.....for God’s sake....forget that I’ve even mentioned it!!!”
“OK. What about your father and mother. Do you forgive them...or at least understand why they were as they were?. And Harry....for not being as strong as you?”
Mary listened and then she nodded, “Yes...it makes sense.”
John took another deep breath and drank the last of his cognac, “I think it is time to face the elephants...and there is more than one!....in the room. I love you Sherlock and if I don't keep a distance, I might....I might not be able to stop myself from kissing you!”
“Well, Elizabeth...”
“No....because it was found out by the very people, who wanted it to be a total secret. Mary Shelly died before she had a chance to put the writings in her bank-box. Mary...our Mary...has hacked into systems to find this...and found it. So please, read on.”
Sherlock looked at John...who hadn’t run away...who was back with him again and who had just kissed him.....Did John want more than just kisses?!
Sherlock took a deep breath and then he chuckled, “Do you remember what happened when you were in my flat...and I was Shezza?”
“OK. Well...” began Sherlock and then, just as an afterthought and having apparently nothing to do with the subject 'Mary', Sherlock then asked, “Do you remember Baskerville?”
Sherlock turned his head away and looked out in the bedroom, “I'm not the gorgeous one here, John. I know that.....”
Mycroft smiled a genuine smile, “Sherlock. They are professionals and
His father had said, long before he passed away at the age of 97, that Sherrinford apparently had inherited the best sides from himself and from Sherlock and that without the flaws. Sherlock couldn’t have agreed more, even if it still tormented him a bit to accept a statement from Mycroft without protesting.
John just continued putting on the cream as he explained, “This is going to hurt like hell for many days. I wasn't gentle and after....well... I fucked you hard, I managed to break your skin a few places and give you some extra bruises on your hip. Believe me, Sherlock, even with the cream and the painkillers, you will have a lot of pain to concentrate on!”
As Sherlock woke again he found John sitting on a chair beside the bed.
And Sherlock’s eyes which had been a bit “clouded” as John began to speak was clear and present again: “Yes....I get it John. “Sir” or “captain”....if we stay in the role-play that you initiated with your “Private  Holmes”...not that I mind that at all! And the three usual colours as safe-words! Until I’ve thought of a better one.”
Now Sherlock looked almost hurt, “I’ve done that before!”
“It is either “master” or “sir”! Is that understood?” shouted John Watson.
Sherlock looked at John for a moment and said, “I'm not going to interfere with your wrong assumptions about you and me. Not now. But I'll answer your question. I jumped because I had no choice. Things had got out of hand. Mycroft had played chess with the devil and lost.....and as the man, we knew then as Jim Moriarty, did shoot himself, my options were narrowed down to exactly...one. If certain persons didn't see me jump, you, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade would have been shot by snipers. Or that was at least what would have appeared to have happened, then...”
“I'm not!”, said the angel rather offended, “Your religions have all a part of the truth.....but the 'Devil' does not exist as a person, a being...”
“Well. Some people thought that it was Sherrinford and I, who were brothers and not Mycroft and I. Rudy was a distant relative of my father...a cousin twice removed. And Marilyn was my mother's cousin. So....that could have been the explanation for our outer likeness. But as I said: Sherrinford was cold and calculating and got away with a lot of things because he looked like an angel. No one had ever put a foot down against him for real and he got used to get what he wanted.”
Sherlock let go of John's hands and took John's face in his hands...and John remembered how he had done that during the case with the 'Blind Banker'...and if it hadn't been Sherlock, it could have been the beginning to a kiss. John removed Sherlock's hands...gently.....and said, “My hands are okay, not my face, thank you!”
“But, Mycroft....How could you know, that Sherlock would solve that Musgrave Riddle and find the actress in Eurus 'old room' or the girl on the plane. How could you have known that? It doesn't make sense!”
The façade of the shop was very discreet and first as Mycroft had given Lady Smallwood's card to the concierge, he was allowed inside. Not something Mycroft Holmes was used to. And there he was greeted by a very polite and handsome young man, almost androgynous looking, with light skin and dark brown curly hair and surprisingly green eyes. The young man told him that he had special order from Lady Smallwood to help Mycroft finding exactly what he needed.
And I've tried to live according to that ever since. Yes, I didn't forgive Magnussen, because he was a threat and a growing one. He would never have stopped and had already overstepped the line where he would hurt or even kill people. If Mary and I had arrived just a bit later to that Guy-Fawkes-fire, you would have either gotten severely burned or killed. And it was utterly bullshit, that he had people standing by, because they should have intervened before. This was Magnussen's way of showing Mary, what he was capable of...and she understood. That is why she tried to kill Magnussen and had to kill me instead. Magnussen had the upper hand all the way. Towards Mary, towards Lady Elisabeth, towards Mycroft and God knows who else in the government. No..given the chance, I would kill him again, even if it would cost me my life. But people who are no longer a threat? I do not find it difficult to forgive, because he was right, the abbot. Because it will eat you up to be so focused on revenge. It is not worth it! Look at Ajaj.”
“Nothing. Love. Nothing...'
(Just for the record: The senior cane didn’t get used. But one of the others did, and a lot of other things too.)
Sherlock just nodded, “Humiliated, but not physical damaged. Not there....”
“Selected books were burned and put on the floor. But a real explosion would have torn them apart. The windows were ruined, but the glass-walls to the kitchen unharmed. My violin was unharmed, but the case sodded. The couch survived, but the wall-paper was ruined. My very sturdy coffee-table was ruined, but the glass-cupboard was intact. My leather-chair was just covered in sod, but your chair was burned. It made no sense!”
“......and he died from playing Moriarty.”
And then Sherlock of course wanted to be shown the sleeve. The one that could be used as a butt-plug as well. Mycroft asked to be caned as well, but only a few blows. Just enough to make him 'float' a bit, but not enter sub-space. Then Sherlock had to prepare Mycroft thoroughly, before the sleeve could fit. First one of his long and dexterous fingers, then two...then three. Mycroft moaned shamelessly. The sleeve was put in and then Mycroft rode Sherlock. Sherlock enjoyed the small knobs inside the sleeve and he enjoyed even more to see how Mycroft lost himself in the sensations: first Sherlock's cock up his arse, and that feeling more intense because of the sleeve...and the tug of the nipple-clamps with the chain in between. Every bounce up and down made Mycroft's nipples hurt a bit. It was exquisite! And just as Sherlock, Mycroft came as Sherlock tugged harshly at the clamps. To see Mycroft so lost in sensations and coming in thick spurts gave Sherlock his third orgasm. Not so big...there was not so much left in him.
John interrupted, “Maybe I would have accepted that you smoked, if it could have helped you...”
Sherlock turned his head, “Oh ...Heaven forbid that!”
John hated the fact that she had been able to 'cut him down' with a few words and at the same time, if he did let himself get a bit hurt by it, she could say “Oh dear Lord. I didn't say it to offend you!”...indicating that not alone his doings, but his feeling were all wrong.
The orgasm did surprise him with its intensity and length...and when he came to his senses, he had lost track of time. The programmes in the devises had shut down the buzzing and he just laid there, blissed-out, before he eased the sound and the massager out and first then came he to think of the leather-strap around his balls. That must have been the reason for the extra intense orgasm.
John shook his head, “I love her but she is very ill. It is not only the cancer....but the scans have shown that there is so many things wrong with her. And I'm not a carrier of that genetic disease, so Mary did lie about that too.”
“For deeper sensation', had Leuris explained. And he had suggested that Mycroft bought the 'multi-purpose -sleeve' as well. He had explained, “It is a bit ridged for a deeper sensation for you, but it made such a way that it works like a condom and for anal play it is rather useful if your partner haven't had time for an enema and you want to avoid...'messiness'. You just have to prepare your partner, as it is rather big and just can't be put inside the arse without preparation.”
Sherlock trembled and rested his head against his shackled arms. The floor was cold beneath his feet and he could feel every little stone from the dirty floor.
John protested, “I might have saved you a few times. But I've jeopardized your life so many more times: indirectly forcing you to jump and travel around the world...alone and in constant danger, beating you in to a pulp, leaving you when you needed me the most, Mary shooting you, Culverton almost killing you. Do I need to continue? And yet....you keep giving me life and......”
Sherlock smiled back, “Obviously. But I discovered more porridge in my hair and decided to shower again. And the breakfast...Honestly John. Two mouthfuls of cereal can hardly deserve the name 'breakfast'. I found eggs and bacon and tomatoes in the fridge. Sorry...no sausages. And I've made coffee and tea.”
And now John and Sherlock were close. So close as John could ever have dreamt about being with another human being. Falling asleep together and waking up tangled together in the middle of the bed. As if they couldn't get enough of each other and needed to touch and get touched in return. In his marriage and in their mutual bed, he and Mary had nicely kept themselves on each their side of the bed. Barely never touching during the night.
.......but John had just looked at him, as Sherlock had told everything he had imagined...and that very vividly....in his own mind. John had just shock his head and said, “You utterly madman. There is no way, even with a real baby on its way, that I could and would in any way have been able to forgive Mary. No way. I am a bit disappointed that you would believe that about me...”
Mycroft had made sure that the old-fashioned telephone-net with the copper cables buried in the ground and the 'new' fibre-optical versions buried beside it, were not removed. Somehow people had forgotten about them and those cables proved themselves very valuable later on, as the world changed even more.
Sherlock made an effort to stand still as the knife cut through the fabric of his jacket, his shirt and his trousers and pants. Leaving him naked and with a few droplets of blood where the knife despite his effort to stand still never the less had broken his skin.
“And...”, interrupted Lady Smallwood, “I and your wife, we are and were the exceptions. You have kept the cards close to your body......and I know the view upon gay men, especially in politics. Or rather 'the view that has been'. We have younger politicians, who openly admit that they are gay. We have famous actors....even married ones. So that would not be a problem....”
“But my excuse was that I had been conditioned too. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me”, he said.
And John didn't even bother to think how Sherlock could know that he would arrive at that precise point of time...or how Sherlock could know that it was him climbing the stairs.
When they were going to leave the tarmac at the airstrip after the aeroplane had landed and Sherlock had been hushed into the back of Mycroft’s car, Mycroft came over to where John and Mary were standing close to their hired car.
And who was John Watson to say 'no', when Sherlock begged so nicely? This was not what John had planned, but he wouldn't complain.
John smiled, “I can understand why you were afraid that I would get mad at you, because of this. But Sherlock, even if I have inherited my father's abusive and alcoholic tendencies, I'll fight them every inch of the way. I'll never hurt you....not again. I promise.”
"I'm going to burn your heart out!" Jim yells to Sherlock over Martha's head as her, Sebastian, and myself share tea and biscuits.
At this exact moment everything comes down to this. Just this. My eyes tear up and I can only bring in small gasps of air since his penis is literally large enough to choke me. My nose touches his pubic hair but I know I can take more. Just a bit more and I'll have him completely engulfed. My own cock is weeping in its neglect but that only adds to the used-needed feeling. With one more push I finally have him balls deep in my mouth. From somewhere inside me I release a moan of pure satisfaction.
"Well, fruits and vegetables are better than meat - better at keeping the blood sugar stable. And we need to stay hydrated, as well, though the snow is not a good choice for that - it lowers the body temperature too much."
"Your tall, posh friend is quite safe, my dear," I whisper seductively in his ear. "Right now, you'd rather spend time with me."
“Please.” I watch as Sherlock takes the cups and refills them. When he returns to the table, I ask, “So how did you spend your evening?”
Mycroft
"Ok. Then tell me more about who you are." I head over to the rubbish sink to rinse my hands off and grab a towel for William.
Sherlock
I start to shake with relief. I'm unable to respond for a few moments. "Do you believe he may still be alive?"
I watch carefully as John carves out several choice cuts of venison, wrapping them carefully in cheesecloth and tucking into his bag. "We should go," I whisper to him a bit urgently. "The sun is setting. We'll not find the guard’s camp easily in the dark."
"Jim's not sad about anything. He's angry," I sit at the table carefully as she brings over a cup of tea.
Irene
Mycroft
I step toward him and run my hands lightly up his thighs, my eyes never leaving his.
Sherlock
I bend down behind him and nip the back of his neck lovingly. "Sometime, I'd love to see some of your drawings." I say quietly. Straightening up, I continue. "Fish should be ready to eat in 15 minutes or so. I filled a skin with water, too." Having just disposed of his brandy, I didn't think offering him wine would be a good decision at this point.
Sherlock
"This wasn't supposed to happen." I blurt out in a panic. "You can't be with me. I left to keep either of us from getting attached..."
My heart breaks as I inadvertently overhear much of the conversation between John and his mother.
I look carefully at John.
Is the old woman giving you trouble? What about Brady and Knowles?
Mycroft
Mycroft
"You wanna be helpful? Tell me which pony gonna take it next Sunday. Not that I'd believe ya, but might make me 'member a bit."
"No, I don't think so, John." I huff. "It wouldn't be proper. You have the space - he can sleep in the parlour."
----::::----::::----::::----
"Isn't that the whole point of this party? For you to be able to get to know people for who they are, not what they look like?"
"I assume, then, I owe you my thanks for keeping my identity out of the paper, then." I toss the paper back onto the table. "I'm sure the chatter will fade in a few days." I sigh.
Mycroft
"So long as I have your heart. That is the most important thing to me." I pull him closer. "The rest is... I don't care about the rest. If you need me to have it, then fine."
I move aside the fly of his pants and put my hand inside. "Tell me what you want. Do you just want it or do you need it?"
I think to myself as I quietly close his door.
My cock jumps at his description of what he's planned. I stroke my hands up his arms, stopping at his shoulders and pulling his lips to mine for a bruising kiss.
I lean against some rocks and wait.
Sherlock
"Ok. You -might- be right. Don't rush off to conclusions yet. Let's think about this calmly, rationally, over a cup of tea." I'm more worry about Sherlock doing something rash than I am Mrs. Hudson being a victim of foul play. I simply can't imagine anyone who would want to hurt her.
Mycroft
"Is that the rest of his clothing? I noticed he was... um... missing some when he came home." I hide my smirk as I pour the tea.
"He wasn't embarrassed OF you. He was embarrassed FOR you!" I smack the paper into his chest and go collapse on the couch.
"Your choice - either is fine by me." I slip off my jacket and he does the same.
Sherlock
(3:39pm) *text to SH* Oh. Ok. That makes sense. JW
I open my door a crack. “Is he gone?” I call down the stairs
Nerves... Nerves go to muscles. Muscles to bones. Bones and muscles to bodies. Bodies to— "Molly! It was with Molly."
"What if you get hurt again. Gonna run home and have Mum throw you another party?
I look at him in surprise. "You notice a difference in my sleep after it rains?"
I feel nowhere near as flippant as my remarks.
Sherlock
(7:08pm) *text to body buyer* No. I don't sell, give away, or deliver corpses to anyone. Random or not. JW
My curiosity about the Woman surges, but instead of asking about her, I nod at Greg. "I suppose I am to consider you my brother, as well?" I smile, motioning at the Holmes ring on the leather cord around his neck. "Well, then, brothers, let's leave this place."
"So what do you think will change?" It seems to me he's as insecure about this as I am.
"Yes, logically speaking you're correct." I feel guilty for having forgotten the perils I have put my brother through even for a brief moment.
Seeing my cavemate for the first time almost takes my breath away. He looks as posh as he sounds in the dark. "Morning. I'd offer you some tea but I'm fresh out."
"My poor dear Gregory." I sit up properly so I can switch positions and wrap him in my arms.
Mycroft
"I think it's still a bit chilly for us to sleep outside, don't you?" Not that I would mind curling up naked against him again... I shake my head to clear away that errant thought. "I'm sure whoever lives in that cabin would be willing to let us sleep on the floor for a night."
"I suppose, if you insist..." I shrug. "But we'd make far better time if I carried you." I put an arm around his waist and lean down so he can put his arm around my shoulders.
"Obviously, brother, we were sleeping in it." I roll my eyes at Mycroft, and toss one of my brother's fancy dressing gowns to John so he can cover himself.
I can almost feel the windows of my Mind Palace rattling, like a train has run too close to it.
I stare blankly at Mrs. Hudson, then Jim, then John, then Seb, and back. "I'm sorry, what about a wager? What is this nonsense about Moriarty moving into Baker Street with us?"
"I'm not wrong, John. Trust me." I spring from the ground and grab his arm, dragging him along our previous trail. When we reach the end of it, I walk along carefully - mindful of abandoned traps, as he had mentioned - and he follows behind me. After about 15 minutes of blazing this new trail, I stop and sniff the air. "Now can you smell it?"
The three of us follow normal procedure and remove ourselves to unit B until the storm that is Sherlock and Moriarty moves on.
(4:28am) *text to Blonde* I'm married. SH
"I think that you have been seriously underestimated." The things I could learn from her. Oh goodie!! "Let me make you some more tea."
"Let’s go round to yours and see if he's there? We can get lunch while we're there." I grab my keys and we head out to the parking area.
"Yes. Mum. He's actually quite good. I haven't fallen once." I grab some flutes from a passing waiter and dispense us each a drink.
Mycroft
I turn and shrug. "I just... need a moment. I'll meet you around back. I'd like you to show me how to properly skin that doe." I walk quietly toward the garden, where I take a seat on the bench there. I close my eyes and wander through my memories for a while.
"I saw the wine. What is jerky?" I put out a plate of food for him and a few grapes, and the Brandy, for myself.
"What about him?" I point out a short bloke with yellow feathery fluff.
My breath quickens as I watch him, and my cock aches to be touched. With my free hand, I reach over to the bedstand and grab the half-empty bottle of lube, pouring some into my hand and proceeding to stroke it over my dick with a shudder and a moan.
"I thought you were a smart boy. Of course Jim wants marriage. Love, marriage, family. He needs it." I swear if it wasn't for me none of these boys would be truly happy. "Just talk to him. Right after a good tussle was when I found my Frank to listen the best. He was always a bit more honest after a good spanking." The potatoes done and the veggies ready I start to whisk up some eggs.
I move around so that my head is slightly off the cushion, one leg on the opposite arm rest, the other over the couch. "I'd kill him for you if he was still alive. I would. Honest. And I would do it personally, not just have someone else do it for me." I stretch to reach for a biscuit but it's just out of my reach.
Mycroft
"... everyone."
"Because you're you. You're possibly the smartest person I've ever met. The way you eat peaches is pornographic. The biscuits were amazing and I do believe I was promised a pie."
Moonlight... I jump up fully awake now. "Sherlock, move off." I untangle our bodies and make haste to the front of the cave. "Moonlight, Locky, I can see the stars."
"I can never remember most of the constellations. I can usually find the Big Dipper, but that's about it." I look down to find his ocean blue eyes staring up at me. My mouth is still moving, but no words are coming out.
I wake to a commotion in the room. I sit up, bleary eyed, to see John pinning my brother to the ground. "John, you should probably let him up, since this is his room, after all..."
"Seb Kale. Or KaLay. Does it matter?"
"It's about time. And for what I paid for it, I should hope it's your best work." I scowl at Greg's overly-cheery demeanor. "You may leave now." I wave him off.
"So I've noticed. I don't think I've ever seen you dance so well, John," I take the champagne flute from John and take a sip.
"You look as though you came to discuss something with me. Did you have a particular security concern you'd like me to address?"
Mycroft
"Tsk! No need for all that silliness. John, put that away and help Sherlock out of the bins. Dinner is ready!" I drag Sebastian back inside by the wrist.
I almost kiss him when he gets the fire going. He's trying so hard to learn and do the right things. I stop myself thankfully. "Proud of you Locky. Good job."
"Only you." I did not mean to say that out loud. "I meant, no, I am not a rider. I take the carriage only though I drive it myself." Every time I try to sit up straight and proper I get jarred and too soon my bum is hurting.
His laughter is contagious. "Well, based on what people have told me, she wouldn't be wrong, would she?" I hail us a cab back to Baker Street to await my brother's response.
Sherlock
"Father was frugal. Mummy was not. If I wanted to feed Sherlock, or get him new books, or have such luxuries as clothes or heating or---. Never mind." I start to eat if for no other reason than to stop talking.
"I'm glad." I lean over his shoulder a little. Just then, a crow flies across Daisy's path, spooking her. Mycroft panics a bit as she rears back, but I lean forward into him, pushing him down against her neck so we don't both slide off her. Some gentle words and pats, and she calms down. I slip an arm around Myc's waist as we both sit back up. "You ok?"
Sherlock
"I think for the moment, food is the best thing for you." I stick a slice of apple between his lips. "We can discuss other things later." I cuddle up alongside him.
"What are you saying?" I am not oblivious to the fact that I can be quite oblivious when emotions are involved.
(2:38pm) *text to Mary* Or coffee. JW
"Has it occurred to you that you aren't the only one hoping to enjoy this?" I arch my back and try to continue thrusting into him, but he manages to prevent it.
I feel his lips brush mine again, and lean in to kiss him a little more firmly. His tongue nudges against my lips and I yield, my lips parting.
I think to myself.
Mycroft
Mycroft
"Mum!" I run right past her to shut and lock the door. "Are you ok?" I start patting her down for possible injuries. "Do you know why there's a mob out there? Looking for me??"
I remember something he did, and move one hand off his hip, cupping his balls, and pressing my fingertips against the flesh just behind them. Based on his sudden reaction, I found the right spot.
"How. Dare. You!" My hands are fists by my side. "SEB! Talk some sense into this lady."
I sigh dramatically. "I'm 22, if you must know. Now may I PLEASE have a beer?"
It takes a moment for the thought to reach my lips. "Take me." I say breathlessly. "I want to feel you inside me."
I follow my brother to the small clearing, and sit down on a rock. "I read your letter." I begin.
I chuckle at his quick answer. "I thought it might be." I secure the bedroll on Daisy's back and sling my pack onto her saddle. "Put your pack up there, Mycroft - no sense in carrying it, if she's not carrying us."
The desperation in his kiss sweeps aside all my reserves. I open my mouth to his and lick his top lip until his tongue comes out to play. I moan as our mouths take turns devouring each other's. So needy to keep touching him, kissing him, I don't even let my need for air to stop me. I push his shoulders back and lay half on top of him as we continue to discover the taste of the other.
"Told you, was a bit old to be discharged and only have made it to Corporal. He still has a soldier’s body." Unlike me. "Something just strikes me as wrong." What is it? I rack my brain trying to figure it out. "He was looking for a flat to rent. Gave me his number even after I told him there's nothing around here available that I know of."
"What do you mean? You think he's working for Moriarty? What would a Colonel and a deranged kidnapper have in common?" Seriously! That's a leap even for him.
Mycroft
"Well, I wasn't here, Jim, so I can't say exactly what you said." I shrug, taking my cue from John and focusing on the food on my plate.
"Reading?" I step on his toe, again, but he hasn't yelled at me once.
"An interesting problem. If I were a minor, I wouldn't likely have pointed out the adult who brought me here, allowing me to partake of champagne and other spirits, would I? Law enforcement never looks kindly on someone who contributes to the delinquency of a minor, after all." I smile back him. "But, if that doesn't convince you, you'll just have to take my word for it." I put my hand out for the beer.
Mycroft
John tells me to move, so I do. Unfortunately, I manage to back into one of the bins outside the kitchen. I freeze as the sound of metal against the brick wall tears through the air.
I'm humming happily in the kitchen, peeking at the clock now and again.
"I had no idea we were exclusive, Gregory." I've never seen him get this jealous over something as stupid as me putting my hand on some young man's arse. "Is that what you need of me? My complete and total devotion to you, to the exclusion of all others? I've told you before, I can't promise that." I lean up a bit resting on my elbows. "I won't lie to you and tell you I can."
"Pity that." A smile begins to creep across my lips. "I can do a much better job of that for you."
"I asked you to do one thing! Just one thing Sherlock!"
Sherlock
I drop my eyes, looking a bit sad. "I hope he doesn't quit. He'll be angry with me again."
I grab his hand and give it a squeeze. "Mmmm. No, we should go. We have reservations."
When we get to the edge of the clearing, I take Daisy's reins from Mycroft and tie her to a tree near a nice grassy patch. "Let's go see if maybe the person in this cottage has seen your brother recently." I grab my cloak from Daisy's back and put it around my shoulders, and stride up to the door.
I climb back into the bed beside him, a silly grin on my face. "Would you like a massage, then? Wasn't exactly my plan..."
I shrug. "Don't much matter. Tea is tea. Y'all putting milk in it is just weird. What kinda milk does he like?"
"Oh, dear boy." I giggle. "Nothing so mundane." I shake my head. "Nothing so... above the law."
His teasing, while usually delightful, is not on the agenda right now. "Only if you want me to throw you down on the bed and fuck you." My voice is a husky growl.
"But what about... what about your family? Your mother said..."
I put my hands behind my back and scuff the toe of my loafers against the floor tile. "I can't do that. Sherlock would get mad and never speak to me again."
"I have thought about this a great deal, Mycroft. I have no land or money to pass to an heir. What would be the point?" I shrug. "Besides, I've never considered myself much of a family man. My own family turned its back on me years ago."
I squirm beneath his grasp, and manage to slip my hand between us, wrapping my long fingers around both our cocks as they rub together.
Once at the Castle I part ways from Myc and make my way to the parlor where Lord Watson and his family are waiting.
I sit carefully on the edge of the bed. The twigs and leaves crunch under my weight, and it's lumpier than any mattress I've ever slept on, but I don't dare complain. I curl up on the edge of the bed.
"Cause I'm an idiot." As he straightens up a bit I grab his ankle and put his feet in my lap. "I didn't expect to find anyone, ever, and then I did. I found you. Then I lost you." My thumb strokes up and down his ankle. "And that should've been it. The end. But no, I mentioned I'm an idiot right. Instead I got my hope up that I'd find you, and I actually did. Just to realize you don't want to be found."
Sherlock
"That's a pretty high bar, but I'll try to manage that." I grin. "You still need to eat, darlin'.  Two more slices of apple and I'll let you be."
"What would you have chosen if not a Phoenix?" He strikes me as a majestic beast of some sort. Something graceful. Something rare.
Mycroft
I open my eyes to find myself staring into the depths of his as he repeatedly swallows me with ease. I arch my back with a moan as my orgasm breaks over me, my hand forcing Mycroft down for a few seconds longer as I spill down his throat. Every muscle stiffens, then melts as pleasure courses through me. As I relax, I resume softly petting his hair, letting him come up to breath as I stroke his cheek.
"Nah. Jimmy just said he needed to go take care of his Grandma. He was good like that. Always doing nice things. Really classed the place up a bit. Gonna miss ol' Jimmy Wolfe and his guy." I'm itching to call my bookie and give him my bet. 40 quid on a long shot should do me nicely. "We done?"
Sherlock
"No Sherlock I can't smell your imaginary smoke because it's imagin---"
Mycroft
I open my eyes to see John looking at me, his smile of satisfaction apparent. "That was... that wicked mouth of yours is quite talented." I grin back. I pull him up alongside me, kissing along his neck as I pull him against me.
"No. He was asking about biscuits..." I eye Greg suspiciously. "Did you tell him my brother had baked some?"
When John moves to Sherlock's side in a defensive stance, I assume a similar stance in front of Mycroft.
I slump back into my chair, head in my hands, looking defeated.
"Mmmmm." I arch my back as he thrusts his hips against mine, our erections in perfect contact. My finger curl into his waist as I push back.
I place the bag of biscuits on the table as I head over to the Royal Family. "Quite a mob out there. I think you can safely send at least 95% of them away immediately." 100% actually.
Mycroft
"Your brother works to take care of the land and then cooks when he gets home. Your Mummy does all the other chores required for a house to run correctly. You... tend herbs and read." I see no reaction in his face. "So you see the problem with that?" At home I was running the farm by the time I was sixteen when Da kicked me out after he caught me with--
---::::----::::----
Shut up self, we won't be tempted to lick him either. "Would that work for you?"
Sherlock
Every time I press up into the back of his throat, his moans push me closer to the edge.
I grab the books from Lock and lead him out towards the car. Before we have a chance to get in we are surrounded by press. I gather Lock as close as possible and we finally enter the vehicle. "I mentioned crowds, yeah?" I put the car in gear and head back to the Castle. "Can't wait to tell Mum I found you. She'll have me call Sholto immediately."
Irene
"Which folly are you trying to talk me out of Mum?"
Interesting how he immediately brought up the cops... I wonder what he's thinking...
"Whatever you say love." I focus on keeping my hips planted on the bed so I don't thrust accidentally. "Do whatever you want to. Whatever feels right."
"Sherlock! What the hell is all that commotion?"
"We do?" I lift one eyebrow. "Do tell." I move the food around on my plate and think about how quickly Seb shut down her talk of marriage.
"Now I just need to find someone to handle security. I'm sure you can imagine, it's complete chaos. The man they have running things now couldn't secure a nursery, let alone a bunch of grown men looking to get in close to Lord Watson." I shake my head.
Warmth radiates from him, but I still jump when his arm settles around my ribs. "This is... surprisingly effective." I try to make small talk, try to distract my libido, which has gone into overdrive.
Sherlock
. "I didn't put a lot of thought into my outfit. My decision to comes was somewhat... last minute."
I sit on the edge of the bed, well out of her reach. "Talk. Nothing more." I give her a serious look. "I know what you are. And I want you to teach me."
"No, Gregory," I kiss him on the forehead. "Tongues will wag if I'm seen leaving your home so early in the morning. You do have a bit of a reputation, you know." I wink at him. "Best I leave under cover of darkness."
"Gods, John..." I gasp as he hums around my dick.
I walk up to him with my arms still crossed. "Press, Mycroft. Public."
I move my hand to his hip and rock in to him. "Just trying to live up to my reputation, Mycie." I crush our mouths together as I grab his hair.
Irene
Mycroft
"Mistress? You slept with another man's wife? That is surprising." How did I not see that before?
After finishing my third cup of coffee, I chance checking on my brother. I peek into his room to see him facing the far wall, curled up on the bed, the unopened jar of biscuits on his bedstand, his cup of coffee cold.
Just get it.
Mycroft grabs an umbrella from near the door and starts up the stairs. I make a detour to the kitchen for a knife then follow him.
I walk over to him and stand by his side petting Daisy. "Is that all? That I make you feel needed?" If I was any further away I doubt he would be able to hear me.
I hide my head in his back. "Yes. Ok." I try to relax as I do when I'm riding Gregory. The memory excites my mind and body. I am grateful for the small space between our hips so he remains unaware of my newest problem.
I huff. "It wouldn't have taken much effort to lose me. Even my brother managed it." I pull the blankets closer around us to keep him in bed with me.
I look at him, surprised. "You're teasing me again." I frown.
Mycroft
On impulse, I grab his hand and dive behind the brush on the other side of the fountain. Just as we are adequately concealed, I see my brother, being lead to the bench where we were just sitting... by Greg.
"No!" I pull my sleeve away from him. "I know I smell it!" I walk calmly a few yards further. "I think it's this way."
"You don't get it, Lock. I know how he feels. I do. I feel the same. And I like what we have. I like that we both have other people that fill our needs. That's good." I end up spilling the bit that's left in the tea cup when I try to twirl it on the plate. "Oops. Sorry." I grab a dish towel and wipe it down. "The problem isn't how we feel, or what we do, or who else we feel and do other stuff with. That's the good part. The problem is the -where-. The What, Who, When, and Why are great. The Where... It’s killing me."
"A spy for whom?" I fold my hands under my chin and stare at John.
"He’s working on it love. Says Greg will have it soon.”
"You want me to... masturbate while you finger me?" I consider for a moment. "Why?"
I return with a paddle in one hand and a long sash in the other. "Bad boys get punished. Were you a bad boy?"
The Sun has barely moved when my eyes open. I watch Gregory for a moment. Taking my time to appreciate the physical beauty of him as the perfect reflection of the goodness inside. I see a twitch of a small grin that tells me he's awake. "Do we need to talk about it or can we just move on?"
"Y-yes. I thought you could use a drink."
Sherlock
"I think her attempt at seduction made it abundantly clear what she wanted at first. Beyond that, I think we both proved ourselves useful." I shrug. "Perhaps she was just lonely. I remember what that's like." I say wistfully, taking his hand and letting him lead the way.
At Balmoral John was shown into one of the living rooms and there in a sofa was Queen Elizabeth II sitting dressed in a tartan skirt and a matching blouse and cardigan. John came to a halt as he realized that it was the Watson tartan she was wearing.
And then Sherlock paused and waited and John asked, “You have another child?”
“Oh...John. We had just met! And besides.... you were rather persistent with your “I’m not gay!”
“Then I would have killed myself!”, was Sherlock's short answer.
The note said:
The wedding turned out to be perfect. The weather couldn’t have been better and everything went according to the plans. This time it was Mycroft who delivered the first man’s speech, and to both men....and he surprised everyone.
“Oh shut up. He really tried to repent and he was just a child himself, when all that with Eurus began. He was not to blame....but oh God, the grown-ups around you. They were almost as shitty as my parents. About Mycroft, I think that I have stopped wanting to hit him at any given moment by now. Sherlock, Mycroft was just as much a victim as you....or Eurus. Just not as bad...if you can compare suffering. And I know that he painted himself into a corner regarding Magnussen and had to work hard to make damage control afterwards. I know we suffered because of Mycroft's miscalculations, but he was not the dark villain that I first thought him to be.”
“I did? Such a boring tedious job, I really needed that?”, said John sarcastically.
Sherlock moaned and bucked and he moved his hands, so he was just resting on his shoulders. Arching his back and presenting his arse even more towards John, almost loosing his ability to speak, and his hands moved and helped John spreading his arse-cheeks even more, as he panted, “John...John...please. Use your...Oh God....fin....fingers. Fuck me....please!”
John paused, “And...oh God...I made you fall on your back and made it so much worse...Oh please forgive me, Sherlock.” And John rose and went over to stand in front of Sherlock.
And Mycroft lost the rest of his control and moaned, “Oh God Sherlock. I want all of that: doing it to you. Want you to do it to me. All of it!”
Mycroft frowned, “Whereto?”
“Very well. Come with me. We are going to another part of the house. There is a small room. You will undress and put on the ...implement....I have found for you. It is to make sure that you don't enjoy your punishment too much..”
“That is why they realised that it was a mistake. You'll be allowed to get...well in your case it is no longer a 'second chance'...it is more a '12
And then John realised something. That Sherlock had thought John had been repulsed by the thought that Sherlock was made of the same material as the creature, Frankenstein's creature, whereas John had tip-toed around Sherlock, because he had been afraid of triggering some memories from Sherlock's childhood.
(And by the way: this is fiction. Getting pierced during sex is a bad idea!)
John felt a bit puzzled but answered: “My name is John Hamish Watson. I was a captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, at that time stationed in Afghanistan and now I’m a doctor at a clinic in London, but on leave right now. And right now I’m a guest of Mr. Mycroft Holmes......” and John mentioned Mycroft’s town house address.
He pointed at something in the corner: the water installation and the big heater right beside it and smiled, “......and the beginning of their death!”
Sherlock smiled. Even if he really didn't know if he totally could trust Mary, she was at least so intelligent, that it was a pleasure talking to her....and what harm could she do him? He was dying anyway.
John nodded, “That arse Victor Trevor! I somehow wished that it had really been him in the well. Treating you like that. What happened to him?”
“May I ask you something, Mycroft?”, wanted John to know.
Sherlock shook his head, “I've tried. But in vain. And then I just stopped explaining. As long as I was allowed to do it without interruptions, everybody around me could call it what they wanted. I didn't care!”
“And I’m going to hurt you with my words I’m afraid. For that I’ll ask you to forgive me...because it would be explained later..”
And Sherlock smirked again: “Oh...I forgot to kneel...and the red roses!”
He almost forgot his manners as he said: “You are wearing my family Tartan, Ma’am? I’m sorry...Your Majesty?”
And John read about the terrorist organisation that “Mary Watson” or rather: Amelia Gretha Rossen-Allbress, born in the USA, had been a part of. A part of CIA that had gone rouge but still had access to the facilities of that American organisation. An organisation within the organisation. Their only goal had been to gain power, just for the power alone. How she had chosen to be freelance together with 5 others and had killed people all over the world for those who would pay. When she wanted to leave, the rest wanted her dead. It was those persons....now in custody.....that killed Mary. And this last action did cost them their freedom, as Mycroft’s men had spotted them!
Now Sherlock smirked again, “And you are sure of that?”
__________________________
Sherlock opened his eyes wide, grappled hard at Mycroft's hand and whimpered, “Oh God.....it hurts so much...I.....
John pinched his nose: “You two brothers.....When you do something you do nothing by halves, do you?...No I’m not going to ask you to “kiss my arse”, Mycroft. But I’m surprised that you know the expression.....”
“He did die, Mary.....he flat lined twice......in the ambulance and in the operating theatre! It was a bloody miracle that he survived! He had lost too much blood!”
“But.... Oh...I see. There were daughters as well. Of course!”
Sherlock kissed John's hair, “I told you that Ella said that bad memories would resurface from time to time.” And then Sherlock smirked, “Even if I hadn't imagined it happening during sex.....”
Mycroft looked serious, “And why Putin did try to intervene. A lot can be said about that man and his view upon human rights, but he has no interest in having a moron as president in the United States.....and Pence is even worse. An intelligent idiot...the worst kind. But it takes time to prove the fraud and we can't regrettably not intervene. Not yet.”
Sherlock smiled, “And so was I, but I didn't mind that you were chubby. It felt more...safe like that. Maybe because it was so different from the way Sherrinford looked.”
Last chapter. And it took me longer than expected. You know - real life interfering, but happy ending is ahead.
John snuggled closer to Sherlock, “That is because you are an idiot too.”
That was the moment where Mycroft came into the room. He had heard the last part of the conversation.
It was strange. It was John's voice. There was something important he should remember about John...but it kept slipping away.
who made the decision to have you arrested and interrogated. Me, not him. I betrayed our friendship and I betrayed our trust in each other. So please....don't let my brother pay for my mistakes...He had paid enough for my underestimation of Magnussen/Moriarty and my underestimation of 'Mary Morstan'.”
John paused for a moment before he said, “You risked your life getting Sherlock out of Serbia, even if Sherlock accused you of enjoying seeing him being beaten,...and such bravery and cruelty...it doesn't fit together. You are a very complicated man, Mycroft, but that didn't make sense. You are so powerful that you, by putting a pen to a piece of paper, can start a war and condemn a lot of soldiers to risk their lives. And yet you dry-heaved as the governor apparently shot himself. Why?”
Sherlock had taken his hand and said, “That would imply that we would live forever...which we don't..”
“Did Mary ever, before you began seeing each other for real, by any chance give you something? A gift? Something to drink?”, wanted Sherlock to know.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft with a sudden understanding in his eyes, “That is the reason why you had to burn my flat? To get rid of the drugs?”
But of course both Hamish and Rosie should have known better. After all it was still 'Sherlock Holmes' and 'John Watson' that they had tried to hide something for. Something that they had never succeeded with as children, and they didn't succeed doing that as middle-aged persons either.
That was what made Greg stop dead on his track as he came running down the stairs 5 hours later: the two Holmes-brothers, one sitting up against the wall and one lying on the mattress. There was so much blood and both brothers were deadly pale....and it took Greg a few seconds to realise that Mycroft was breathing...but Sherlock wasn't.
_____________________
Mycroft nodded, “I see that, and you are right. I was married.”
Sherlock bowed his head in shame. When Mycroft said it - it must be the truth, but Sherlock never thought that Mycroft also hated him that much!
And John continued to tell his point of view. His new point of view on their life together before Sherlock had to jump from the roof of St. Bart's.
“But you are not gay!?”
“Come....your bed. We're too old to be on the knees for too long.”, said Sherlock hand lead Mycroft to the bed.
And Mycroft continued: “Please let me continue, John. You had not enough information to make the right decision, and that was partly my fault. I didn’t tell you what I had found out...or what I thought I had found out about “Mary”. When you married her, I knew something was not right about her....and I should have told you.....Instead I blamed you for choosing her and not Sherlock. I blamed you for choosing her.....And in reality you didn’t choose Mary, but the glossy picture she had made herself into. Later you chose her for the noblest reasons.....not to abandon a woman, who was expecting your child. I can’t really blame you for that. And yet I did.....I did blame you for choosing her after she had partly revealed who she was and what she was capable of. And you only did that after a lot of contemplation and almost a direct order from my brother. I confused your high moral standard and consciousness with Victor’s rejection....and that was not fair against you. You still wanted to stay as Sherlock’s friend and I suppose that you......if possible....would have stayed as his friend despite his feelings for you, had he revealed them before.”
I take a shaky breath and bow to the lady. "I am most honoured to meet you, Madame. This gala is a wonderful event." I smile nervously at John.
Irene
(4:50am) *text to married Shit Head* Good on you. I am not married to my work but I have been here for 20 hours and now I'm going home. Good night. JW
"Perhaps someone who has a vested interest in our current investigation?" I raise an eyebrow at him.
"Let's go get them now. I'll distract her while you take what we'll need. We should ask her if she's seen anyone nearby. I'm sure they would've come here first and asked about you." Before I get up I roll him onto his back and kiss him. "I will not ever let anyone hurt you again. Got it?"
"I don't know about cleaning the snow, any more than one would clean other water... boiling is good." I shrug. "And as far as staying warm, dressing in layers is something we can't really improve at this point, given that we have a limited supply of clothing. Keeping our heart rates up a bit, but not exerting ourselves to the point of perspiration."
"I need you to either lift your knees and open your legs a bit, or you could lay on your tummy. Personally, I want to watch your face as I worship you but you may be physically more comfy on your stomach." As I tell him this I rub up and down his thighs with my hands. "Your call, my sweet."
"Agreed. We should take plenty for ourselves but I'm not worried bout what she wants." There's a snap to my voice despite the fact that I don't want to be jealous of the attention he gives Irene.
"Seems nobody has ever seen him or heard of him around here before."
Hmmm "There's a difference between your 'boys' intelligence. I wrote a wee story. For Sherlock I did everything but write down GPS coordinates. For John..." I turn my hand left and right. "Well, you know." For this game to be fair I need to be honest. Oh, how I love a fair game. "They received their clue about two hours ago. More than enough time to get that smarmy brother of his involved."
I burst out laughing. "You lied to her? That's great. Brilliant. She will remember Moriarty as a Saint and you as a right twat." I can't stop chuckling as we stroll down the sidewalk.
I look back at Mycroft for a moment. "No, no thank you, Miss Adler. We need to keep looking for him." I take a step back nervously - something about this woman just doesn't feel right. "If you do happen to see him, can you find a way to get a message to the town magistrate? That's where we'll be heading next, I think."
"Nothing that would scare me away as yet." I take his hand, intertwining my fingers with his. "I even like your snoring."
"Sometimes. When Mummy and Father are late at the shops, Mycroft will make our meals. He's a terrible cook, though."
"Sir, yes Sir," I laugh at his forceful action. I grab the oil and warm some up in my hands. "Remind me to thank Irene for teaching you to make this. It'll come in handy to have lube on demand."
"To peace and quiet in the middle of chaos." I raise my glass with a nod, and take a long sip myself. I return to my seat on the bench, and motion for him to join me.
"I'm not your housekeeper!" Pfft. The nerve! "Jamie and I talked. If the poor boy hadn't been so sad about his friend ignoring him he wouldn't have had to resort to bringing me here."
Mycroft
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I stand in front of him, hands on my hips in frustration. "I will do no such thing." I can see the twitch of his hand. "Give me your flask."
An exasperated sigh escapes me. "The same child that you would have no problem with them living a lonely life as long as it was deemed socially acceptable more than a common happy one that wasn't? How is that living?" I lean in close to her so that I won't be overheard. "Harry is miserable and is drinking herself to death because she married properly. You are painfully alone because you pushed away every possible chance at finding happiness because you didn't think remarrying anyone less than a hero would be socially acceptable. Mum, I love you, but I won't live that life." I kiss her on the cheek. "I leave after brunch day after tomorrow. That's make those happy days, ok?"
He took Sherlock’s head between his hands and kissed Sherlock on his forehead: “Love, Sherlock....listen. You are not a slave...and I do not own you. Hell...this is more about your needs than mine....even it I would not say no to a blowjob. But you can call me my name or “sir” or even “captain”...if we should play a role-play....and I was me who started it, I know. And the usual “green”, “yellow” or “red” could prove themselves useful as safe-words. But forget that arse Victor, whom I suppose to have insisted on you calling him “master”.....do you hear me, Sherlock?”
And now the two men were hauling of laughter, clinging to each other....John still sitting on the bed and Sherlock kneeling between his legs.
And they watched in silence as Sherlock left the room.
And that did take the tension away and Sherlock had smiled and said, “I think that his miserable life that he is living now, actually is punishment enough...”
For about a month things were quiet… Too quiet. John had shifts at the clinic and Sherlock was bored. The criminals were apparently on holiday and not a single interesting crime popped up. Not even interesting cold cases were available.
____________________________
And the answer is: “
Sherlock just nodded.
Sherlock shook his head, “No...he wasn't to blame. I just outlived a fantasy that I've had since I was a teenager and he caned me the first time....And then we did search comfort by each other after we thought we had lost each other for ever...”
______________________________
“Was our dog. Became our dog for many years. Uncle Rudy and aunt Marilyn had asked father and mummy if we wanted her. You were not ...suited...for being with other children, Sherlock. Brilliant, but too emotional. So I was home-tutored and you were too. Maybe because mummy didn't dare to let us out of her sight the first years. And as 'Redbeard' had to be put down, you broke down. At that time I had left for Harrow and you must have been rather lonely. I tried to teach you to make a distance to you feelings, not to care so much...but I realize now that it...it was a shitty advise....”
John had frowned, “It is not that long ago that I had to leave the army....”
It had taken quite a lot of Mycroft's willpower not to put his cock into that very ready an accessible hole of Sherlock's, after he had rimmed him. And now it took all his willpower not to come on the spot as Sherlock went down on his knees, beside the bed, on the padded rug, with his upper body on the bed and turned his head, “Now fuck me, Myke....fuck me hard. So hard that I see stars!” and Sherlock had taken his arse cheeks and spread them, so the end of the butt-plug was very visible.
John nodded, “I'm still sorry. Oh, now I understand why Mycroft accused you of 'being high before you entered the plane'. You had taken a small amount, but how could you know that about Moriarty on the screens?”
Just a lot of sex in this chapter...and a little bit of plot.
Pitlochry, year 2068, July the 31
John’s whole demeanour then altered and Captain Watson emerged, “Bedroom. Now. And you crawl on all fours!”
Just like he had said so often when it came to Sherlock’s requests.
Mycroft frowned, “No..”
They never faced a threat like Moriarty again though. Just normal criminals....which didn’t mean that there were not life-threatening situations.
He too put the nearly empty box down on the table and turned more towards John: “Yes?”
“That very lady. And she found more to me...about those human embryos experiments. It was something you said, John, that made me think.”
“Do you really find that I'm good looking, John?”, wanted Sherlock to know. And John now understood that the question didn't come from Sherlock fishing for compliments, but from Sherlock's deeply buried insecurity and self-loathing.
“Is there a specific reason for you not to want to have sex with me yet?”
“Just teasing...”, Sherlock smiled and turned his head, so they could kiss and then he turned serious again:
And now Sherlock read from the parts of the journal. Sir Thomas *********** had been a scientist and very interested in electricity and all the new discoveries and inventions in the beginning of the 19
Sherlock was sitting in his living room in the cottage in Sussex. He looked at the old box with the old fashioned syringe in. And at the clear liquid in the syringe.
Sherlock paused and then he continued in a totally different tone, “While I was… away… I had to do nasty things to make people talk… To torture them. I had enjoyed being “sadistic” in the club, making people fall apart, making them desperate for release, controlling their orgasms… But to have to actually torture those people from Moriarty’s net… It was terrible. I knew exactly what to do… How to put a bit pressure on this joint, how to break fingers, how to shoot them and still keep them alive… At least long enough to make them talk.”
Sherlock looked up in awe...John never stopped surprising him: “You don’t?!”
“A successor.....a new and improved version. And then she began her plan.....altering your view upon me. She must have known by then that I was still alive. Her boss must have told her...and told her to keep close to you.”
http://mae-jones.tumblr.com/post/159455870863/simpleanddestructivechemistry-aww-man-the-feels
“I noticed...” said John, but even if he wanted to say more, he respected Sherlock’s request. But Sherlock’s words touched him.....did they mean that Sherlock somehow felt a bit like John felt?
“Because our arrangement stopped the moment you moved in together with me at Baker Street. That is, Mycroft 'helping'
____________________________-
John and Sherlock had been taken to a private clinic to be checked for residues of the drugs and effects of the rest of the events, as had Mycroft, and both John and Sherlock would be kept there a little longer to talk with psychiatrists. Without giving away that it had all been false events. That was Mycroft's job to tell. Later.
.....and he woke up...in his own bed in Baker Street. Sweating and panting. But the nightmare sort of stayed with him.....that everybody hated him. That sadness lingered....and as John barged into his bedroom....and turned on the night-lamp.....worried because he had heard Sherlock scream... he was met with Sherlock’s wild eyes, filled with fear and almost no recognition of John. The dream still so vivid that Sherlock actually for the first time in his life feared John.
John could see how Sherlock's rather relaxed hole almost pulsed.
She smiled at him, “I think they managed rather nicely with you and Sherlock.”
The newcomers, that came from Sussex, have settled down here in the village and are doing nicely and I am not quite so busy any-more. Yesterday those 3 young men came to me and told that they had a confession and I promised to listen.
Nothing had happened the first day. Not really. Mycroft and Sherlock had been brought up into the house and they had been interrogated. And they had told that they were Joseph Vernet and William Scott and not two top politicians. They had been bound to chairs and slapped. But nothing worse and then they had been thrown into that cellar room again and left. That was when Sherlock started 'cooking something together' with Mycroft as a watch, if anyone should come down in the cellar. But they were busy upstairs because 'The Twenty' had arrived.
mine. But you see, Sherlock. Mary could drug my mind into almost hating you. But somehow my body told the truth. Mary and I had sex on our honey-moon. But not much. And after? Only at a few occasions. Mary's excuse was nausea because of the pregnancy.....and mine? I really don't know. But I couldn't get it going, even if I liked her. And she was a pretty woman. I knew that I could risk having problems like erectile dysfunctions because of the through-out sepsis I experienced, because I was shot in Afghanistan, but I had not experienced it living in Baker Street with you. Of course I couldn't put two and two together and figure out that it was you, who caused that simmering arousal..”
John nodded as Sherlock offered yet a few fingers of that whisky. This time with a few ice cubes to dilute it a bit.
John could almost feel Sherlock's eyes burning into his back as he did all that, but not a question came over Sherlock's lips.
And then they were finally there......both stark naked and with proud erections. Both John and Sherlock noticed that the other man preferred to have shaved genitals, except from a groomed tuft at the root of their cocks. John’s blond, almost golden with specks of grey....just like the hair on his head and Sherlock’s the same dark brown, almost black colour as the hair on his head. It made a stunning contrast to the paleness of his skin. But then John noticed something....an uncertainty in Sherlock’s expression.
Later both Sherlock and John agreed that this had indeed been a good first man’s speech, but not as good as Sherlock’s, since there hadn’t been a murder-solving involved in it!
And then he took his tea mug and took a sip.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand lightly and turned his head to look at Sherlock’s beautiful face in profile illuminated with the flickering lights of “London by night”...and of course Sherlock sensed that John looked at him and turned his head: “What is the matter? I can actually hear you thinking!” with that nose-wrinkle that John found so endearing.
And John understood. Even if the ring had been on the wrong hand...at least according to English tradition.
Mycroft nodded with a little smile, “Understood, inspector detective Lestrade. May I bring the chips?”
“It is a devise, making sure that I'm the one in charge of your orgasms. With that on you are not able to ejaculate. Not able to have an erection...”, Lady Smallwood explained.
Lady Elizabeth had smiled as she told Mycroft how hungry he had looked, as she had shown him the large butt-plug.
“Have you thought about, discussed, how you want it to be celebrated?”
Mycroft couldn’t help saying “Yes, Sir!” And then he just looked at John.
The next day there were 20 extra passengers on the military trucks heading for Perth. The captain in charge of the transport had accepted it. Mostly because Hamish was 'Sherlock Holmes' and John Watson's son' and Sherlock had helped his father a few times...and there were room enough on the trucks.
“When I first saw you....at Barts, you looked like a model. An angel.....and I knew that you were high above my range. And then you...politely... turned me down at Angelo's and I knew that you didn't want me that way. I know now, that I made the wrong deductions, but....”
“Oh......I would have sent a helicopter for you if we had found out where you were a bit sooner. It is only 15 minutes ago we found out that you were on this train....”
“I was different persons those almost 2 and a half year, John. I couldn't travel as Sherlock Holmes, could I? I was 'Björn Sigerson', a somewhat dubious person from Norway, ready to work for the highest payer, most of the time. But I was 'Roberto Datolli', a chef that worked for the 'Cosa Nostra', and 'Johann Mueller', a German free-lance computer-expert, too, just to mention a few. I wasn't running for my life all the time. It was just near the end of those two and a half year, that things got muddled and I was caught.”
John thought that he easily could get used to waking up besides Sherlock, who had draped himself over John from behind and now was the “big spoon”.....and being even more awake John felt a pang of guilt....how he had enjoyed treating Sherlock like that......having a submissive Sherlock to deep-throat his cock. It had been the best sexual experience for years....if not for ever...and Sherlock had wanted it.....but never the less...it made John feel guilty.
Sherlock was sitting in the living room of the cottage in Sussex. Only dressed in a pair of black bespoke trousers and a white shirt. He was an old man and dressed in an old-fashioned way.
“It was the price I had to pay Mycroft for not having you 'removed', John. That I should let you believe that I was dead and that I should stay away for more than 2 years. You and I were getting too close and they were afraid that you would get suspicious and reveal all their governmental secrets. In my time away I was doing MI6 jobs and not disentangling the network of some insane genius. Just doing Mycroft's legwork. Finally they needed me back here but decided to 'teach me a lesson'. I should have known. But I was sleep-deprived, almost in-coherent because of famine and cold. But a dungeon? Iron-manacles? Whips? Rather old-fashioned. There are so much more efficient methods if you want informations. Water-boarding, chemicals...even the old-fashioned 'nail-removal' or 'finger-breaking' or electricity to the genitals. Nothing like that happened. I was beaten and felt pain....but if I had been severely wounded and if I had in reality had broken ribs, I would have been wounded so badly by you, John, that I would have been in a hospital afterwards. Now it wasn't worse than I was almost functioning after a few days. Even if the wounds did scar, they were not much deeper than skin, hardly into muscle-tissue.“
And suddenly Sherlock could see the further complications, “Oh dear Lord....has the British Government used it?”
Of course both Sherlock and John noticed that the younger part of the family not had the possibility to visit that often...especially as the situation all over the world got worse. And John and Sherlock, who had been so fond of computers and cell-phones and all the information they could find on the internet, they did notice too...of course....that things didn't work so well any-more. Not the internet and not the communication-net based on satellites. But Sherlock and John were old and found pleasure in small things: that they had eachother, that the bee-hives flourished, that the garden bloomed, that there were friends and neighbours to talk to and all the necessary groceries to be bought in the supermarket. Newspapers were again printed on paper and there were plenty of books on the shelves in the library and at home. And they had money to pay for help as well, when they needed it.
John had thought about gagging Sherlock sometimes. Maybe with something like a bit. They had seen things like that on the net and in the club. But he refrained from doing it. He liked the sound of Sherlock’s deep baritone voice too much!
Mycroft smiled and put his paper down on the table, “When you leave, I'll be sexually abstinent...for quite a while. And I'm still on leave for at least 2 weeks more. Unless of course a crisis emerges and in that case, I'll be working from here. So...I want you to pierce me.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and continued, “I told Moriarty once that I was on the side of the angels, but wasn’t one of them. But as I travelled… I was most certainly not on the side of the angels anymore. I was pure and raw vengeance… And I hated every second of it!”
Mycroft looked her directly in her eyes and said solemnly, “I think that I'll have to work harder to earn that privilege again?”
As John came down from his bliss, he couldn't help giggle, “Oh God Sherlock. You made me come too early....just as if I was a 16 years old horny teenager. Oh you gorgeous man!”
John smiled back: “It wasn’t that bad.....only sometimes......and very awkward to be there...well after Mary shot you and after she was killed. But maybe you were right. It was a place to bury myself into something I’m good at, not thinking too much. I’ll think about quitting later. OK?”
“Yes, sir!”, was Sherlock's answer.
______________________
“After Sherrinford died..?, asked Mary.
Mycroft frowned. “How?”
“Oh my good. How very English. The epitome of English-ness. For centuries. Millenniums”, said John a bit mockingly.
In the hotel room John was ordered to stand against the wall.
“Then the same actress played Culverton's daughter Faith in order to give me Faith's real note, so I would begin to investigate Culverton and get into his claws. And finally the actress played your new therapist, that you went to see after Mary's 'death'. Sian Brook had been told that it was all a part of a new show. Recorded with hidden cameras, and it was partly true....you and I were just so convenient drugged, that we wouldn't have noticed even if we had been looking directly into the cameras. A part of my encounter with Faith was something I had hallucinated, though. Mycroft showed me the footage...and I was just walking, talking to myself, some part of that night. Sian had been told that the reason for you and me looking a bit like 'John Watson' and 'Sherlock Holmes' was that we had been chosen for our likeness with those two famous persons and that we had been told to impersonate them for the show.”
John licked a broad stripe from Sherlock's balls, all the way over that little furled opening and up to the place where the lower back began......and Sherlock moaned.
“No..I was fine, when I woke up a bit later. But were had you gone, Sherlock? I was alone?”
“But I have a feeling that there was more, that you wanted to tell me?”, said John.
Sitting in the train on his way back to London John remembered that he had shivered as he had heard Sherlock talking so calmly and clinically about his torture  and injuries and he remembered his own answer: “Of course you should have returned. You saved more than 500 people when you prevented the Parliament to be blown to pieces.....and we were people who were glad that you returned!!!”
John turned his body a bit so he could see Sherlock’s face and took a deep breath, “There is something I have to say to you before our marriage. And just like I previously had to promise you to listen without running away, I’ll ask of you not to either. Not in person and not into your mind-palace! OK?”
Mycroft just smiled.
And John told that he had been in a relationship where he had been a “dom”, so he wasn’t totally inexperienced....and as those 3 people began to...well “interview” would be the right word....but Sherlock felt it a bit like an “interrogation”, John surprised him yet again. No....he wasn’t a total novice in that area.....and the 3 people had to readjust there view of this seemingly harmless doctor. They too now saw the soldier.....and the sadist... that John was too....his dark side.....his dangerous side.
“Obviously...since she is 'Mrs Adler'...or rather 'Frau Kate Adler' now. Well. At a point I suppose that Mycroft would like to adopt Hamish, so he can have an heir...and..”
Now the man smiled at John’s confusion: “I suppose they forgot to tell you...in their confusion. After all...they have been looking for you the last 6 years!”
Mycroft nodded, “I just told her that I wouldn't do that to her, because you still loved her, cared for her as you had done your whole marriage. You worked your...behind...off, to make London a safer place for her and your daughters, and she told me that she had finally realised that. She said, that she did know now, but she had refused to see it then. And then there was the thrill of having an affair. She knew, she was to blame and said that you deserved to be happy. And she didn't want to be greedy and unreasonable. She just wanted enough to make a safe future for your girls..”
“No....they will just go 'underground', more than they already are. You do realise that they work together with facilities and USA, in Brazil, in China, in India, in Australia and in Germany? Even in Russia...I'm not quite sure that Trump or Putin know anything about that cooperation across the borders. Or rather 'under the borders'. Science-people have never respected political borders. And they still have this idea about creating the perfect human species.”
And now Sherlock, a lot healthier Sherlock and a happier John, were back at Baker Street. John hadn't been in his and Mary's flat since she left and he had arranged for it to be sold, including the furniture. He had only brought with him a very few things. Not more than could be contained in two duffle-bags and a few moving boxes. All Rosie's belongings had been given to charity. And now they were here. Sherlock and John...sitting in their old and a bit saggy armchairs in front of the fire. But not everything was 'unicorns and butterflies and rainbows' as Sherlock would have said mockingly. There were a lot of 'elephants' that needed to be seen and acknowledged yet.
The angel just looked at John, “And that treatment of 'different people' just shows how far you still are from reaching a higher level...”
And then John remembered what Sherlock had told him about his homeless network, so he continued, “Oh....I see. One ruling from the top...and the other one from the bottom of society. Brilliant!”
And now John understood, “It is a test.....”
The political situation in the world had grown tense and a lot of countries were on the verge of war. Just...it really never came to that big confrontation. Just 'encounters' and small attacks and acts of governmental supported terror directed at goals on the territories of other countries. The relationship between Japan and China was...strained and complicated. Especially after North Korea did collapse in 2030 after their 4
Then the second blow came......and the third. John could see how the welts formed and he was careful that they wouldn't cross each other. Sherlock dutifully thanked John after each of them.
Greg hurried down and ran to Mycroft and looked for a few seconds at the bloody lump, where Mycroft's right foot had been and then he gently put his hands on Mycroft's arms, as he said, “Hello, Love. It is me.”
“Sherlock....you must know that I....even if I didn’t want to react on it...even denied my own feelings.....find that you are the most handsome man I ever met! Even from the first day I found you strikingly handsome!”
And they kissed again.
And then Sherlock began:
“Yeah. Except from the last time. Prompted by Mary's drugs and her suggestions. And your rejection of me. I just wanted my death to count, bringing down a serial killer at the same time. But then I discovered something. I found out that given a choice, I would prefer to live....even without you and Rosie. Because I had other friends as well. I'm still not afraid of dying, but as Culverton nearly killed me, I found out that I would like to survive...That my abilities and troubled mind was a gift and not a curse.”
“When did you actually find out about that?” wanted Mycroft to know.
Then the waltz. Sherlock had a surprise for the guests and Mycroft and Greg as well and John had approved: Sherlock played for Greg and Mycroft first. A new composition from his own hand and it was and filled with joy and happiness and not filled with bitter-sweet feelings as it had been at John and Mary's wedding. A lot of people had to whisk a tear away from their eyes. At least some of those present, who had been at John and Mary's wedding as well.
*WELL...SOME OF MINE ARE TOO!*
“Brilliant!” was the answer, and Sherlock continued in the deep voice that he knew would force blood to John’s cock immediately, “You should never be allowed to wear anything else...at least in our flat. Oh... the accessibility!”
The worst case happened about 6 months after their marriage. It started out as something one might have thought to be the usual case of a young person running away from home. But at the point where Sherlock was called by the 'Yard', more than 5 young people had gone missing. All from the same school or the schools nearby. The first young boy had gone missing over 3 months ago. None of them had returned to their families. And even Sherlock's vast network of homeless people, who normally could keep an eye on such youngsters, and give words to Sherlock where the young people could be found. Not even that network could find any traces of those young boys.
“Hm....I just can't help wonder. Why did you make Eurus into such an...an omnipotent murderous mind-bending manipulator?”
Sherlock turned on his side so he could face John: “Do you find them repulsive?”
And then John paused and Sherlock smiled and John began to chuckle, “I don't have to be a genius to figure out your thoughts right now, Sherlock Holmes. You want me to perform that on you..right now.”
John carefully dripped some of the lubrication he luckily...and by purely guessing.... had found in Sherlock’s nightstand and had brought out into the bathroom before he had got there himself earlier...on his fingers and gently he touched Sherlock’s orifice between his buttocks and Sherlock moaned a bit.
“Pota-to..po-tato” said Sherlock.
He rose and she could see how his shields went back on, “I'm Mycroft Holmes. I'm never wrong, Lady Elizabeth..”
Mycroft paused and hugged Greg, “And I spoke the truth to Anne. I would do anything to make you happy. Even accept if you would leave me...”
Mycroft squeezed Greg's hand and said with a sigh, “I think that what I'm going to tell you could be a valid reason. So...here it comes: You do know that 'The Homes Foundation' does support a lot of homeless people around the world. In the United States, several countries in South America, in Europe and Australia. We are not that much present in Asia, but we do support some foster-homes in India. The country is rich enough to take care of its own people. They just choose not to.....and that can be said about Great Britain too, unfortunately. Well, back to the foster-homes. We support three: one in Delhi, one in Kolkata and one in Mumbai. Helping street-children, orphans, to get an education and a future. If they show remarkable talents, we might even pay for extra education, even university...”
John shook his head, “How could I forget that 'Molly' was 'Melissa'...”
After the shower they dressed and was again sitting in the bed. Popped up against the headboard. Again Sherlock lying in John's arms. Feeling the security of John's arms being firm around him.
And then John decided that he would visit Sherlock in Berlin despite all Mycroft’s warnings. Mary told John that he of course should visit Sherlock and she promised to make an extra effort to find the proof of Magnussen’s price on Sherlock’s head and she gave John a book that he should bring as a gift. She thought Sherlock would appreciate that, being immobilised in a hospital-bed.
“And have eruptions, but not as big as in 79, but still kills people. And I'm not talking about a force of nature. I'm talking about conscious decisions made by humans....and deeds done years ago that now lead to disaster.”
And again the prostate-massager was used. This time together with a 'parachute' attached around Mycroft's balls and with a cord and a spring to make an even drag. The idea was to give as many bodily sensations as possible and Sherlock 'edged' Mycroft repeatedly. He was prevented from coming, at least some of the way, by the even drag of his balls away from his body. Making it difficult for his body to drag the ball upwards just before the orgasm. This time Mycroft was blindfolded as well.
John nodded, “I see. Continue please, Sherlock...”
From the previous chapter:
John supposed that he looked just as 'off-line' as Sherlock had done, when John had asked him to be his best man. But right now he couldn't seem to make a connection between his brain and his body and say much, except, “Oh God. Yes!” as he remained sitting on his chair.
Sherlock just looked at John and continued with a smirk, “If only the normal lotus position had been the one working best for me, then people might have accepted, what I was doing and seen it for what it was. But my best positions were either prone on my back with my finger-tips touching each other under my chin.....or a foetus-position on a soft surface. The sofa would do just fine...and preferably dressed in something were little constricting. Like an old pair of pyjama bottoms and an old threadbare T-shirt! I think you 'bought' my family's and Mycroft's words for it, calling it: 'sulking on the sofa'!”
John looked at Sherlock and actually didn't like the look of steel in Sherlock's eyes. But why not? 'Mary' had after all tried to kill Sherlock more than once.
A few hours later John returned to the hospital. Bringing some papers with him. Computer out-prints. And facsimiles of old journals from the governmental Baskerville Facility.
John was giggling, “Have you been standing there in that shop and tasted and licked everything to find the best ones in front of the shop-keeper?”
“Exactly..”, said Sherlock, “and everything was carefully and meretriciously made and sorted out, for the biggest outcome. But is is still Mycroft's job to tell the 'why,' as I do not know everything.”
Now the diary did jump almost a year in the dates and Sherlock noticed that, “Why this jump in time?”
Sherlock continued, “Before Sian was killed, she dutifully followed the script Mary had made for her, including making hints to my real sister. Mary knew about...well not everything about my sister, but she knew that she existed and Mary knew her name and used that knowledge to scare you, before your were sedated.”
Mycroft just looked at him and then he said: “I understand that my brother, besides a flesh wound in his thigh, indeed was in a rather healthy state, when you left him?!”
He tried to suppress that thought. Mary needed him now:
Mycroft rose to get the folder: “Then this will not surprise you!”
“Not as a person. Not the man who shot himself on the roof. But as a criminal organisation, it did exist. Not as huge...not as organised, as I had expected. A lot of the work I did was actually MI6 jobs. I was good at it while I was younger, before everything crumbled, before...before I met you...What Moriarty was or is can wait. For now.” Now it was Sherlock's turn to look at his empty glass.
and then he explained further:
And right there John stopped his thoughts. Mary would leave in a short while to go to Rosie's hospital and John and Sherlock would have a chance to talk.
Sherlock rose and began to undress. And then he turned towards John, who had just been standing there looking.
Sherlock snuggled closer to John and explained further on what had happened that day when he was 16.
When Sherlock moaned and sometimes almost mewed, John almost came on the spot.
Mary shook her head, “No...she isn't fairer than some of her cousins. So no....And I told her aunts never to tell her. But that was wrong. She needs her mother and I've missed her so.“
On the churchyard in a small town in Sussex in Southern England there are two tombstones with this standing on them:
Sherlock had been prepared to sacrifice himself for John so many times. Had done so much for other people and the 'thank-you' from other had been bullying, scolding, mocking, harsh words ('Freak') and 'we hated him', slapping (even from Molly) and so much worse: kicking and right out violence from John ...and John could feel tears forming in his eyes.
So now they were sitting at Mrs. Hudson's kitchen table, drinking tea and eating some of her home made biscuits.
John, Sherlock and Rosie settle down at Baker Street. And life gets new routines. But Sherlock has hidden two big secrets from John and he is so afraid that they might ruin everything...
Having John back in his life in Baker Street had been delightful. But with one single problem. Last time John had stayed for more than a few hours, Sherlock had been wounded....in fact by John’s wife....and his libido had, thank God, decided to take a pause. Sherlock’s sexuality wasn’t a steady factor in his life. Sometimes he could go for months without needing a sexual release....and while he had been around the world entangling Moriarty’s network, it had barely shown itself for two years. After university Sherlock had normally gone several months without release with no problems, even as he and John lived together in the beginning....but now, when John was around every day, Sherlock was worried that John might notice that Sherlock got erections....and even more because Sherlock would get erections when John ordered him around. Just like Sherlock had had quite a problem hiding his arousal as John pulled rank way back at Baskervilles. Actually just John’s presence was sometimes enough...so Sherlock had begun to wear what he had worn those two years away...a cock ring. Preventing erections he didn’t have the time or the lust to do something about....and now he wasn’t wearing it. What if he got an erection now?
“And there is no cure?”, wanted Sherlock to know.
“Sherlock...I said that I would listen, didn’t I? So that is what I’m bloody doing. So please couldn’t you just continue?...”
Mycroft looked at John: “I can do that.....most of the time, I think. 10 minutes?”
_______________________________
The situation between the different countries in the world grew more and more tense towards 2067 and the soldiers from the different facilities all over the world were ordered to fight against their enemies...and they were the augmented soldiers from other countries. It didn't take long before they found out that their enemies were not the other soldiers looking so much like them, but rather their creators and thus the Eugenic wars happened in 2069-2070. After that the Augments seized the power all over the world in a very well-coordinated attack, that only lasted a few hours. After all, humans had made it easier for them: 'control the military and you control the country'.
“Well, right....I understood that you wouldn’t mind telling me what happened while you were away.....and I promise you, Sherlock. I’m here to listen....and I’m sorry that I haven’t asked before or not even realised how much I did harm you when you turned up at that restaurant! It was a huge mistake...that I treated you like that....I...” And right there John Watson ran out of courage.
Sherlock had turned totally still as he continued, “I will not go into detail. Just say that our parents were busy with their investigations...their job. Even if it was summer, they still had some work to do. Not household....there were people for that. But science and research. When Mummy says she 'gave up everything for the children', she is not telling the whole truth. She still made research and worked. Just not as much as before and not in a job...... just free-lance. Mycroft and Sherrinford were put in charge of us younger siblings. Sherrinford had a younger brother, Augustin, who was only 2 at this time. A nanny looked after him.And he was never a part of the Baskerville-programme. And Mycroft was rather busy studying for his final exam. So Sherrinford had to look after Eurus and me......and he used the opportunity to....”
Mycroft nodded, “I know. And he paid a terrible price for that...” And then he continued, “But I need you there. To observe.....”
Sherlock admired John’s body as John knelt on all fours on the quilt in the bathroom. John had maintained his position for about eight long minutes, wearing one of his harnesses and with one of the big enema-plugs up his arse. John hadn’t uttered a word and had only moved slightly. He was such an astonishing sight! The dust of blonde hair (and a few grey ones too) on John’s body, on his legs, his arms and his chest, almost invisible in the dim light of the bathroom, was a sight Sherlock never grew tired of. Sherlock could feel them as he caressed John’s body, and he thought of the day when he had taken John to the salon to get his hair in the groin area removed.
John could smell something delicious and the mug with tea looked and smelled like something from heaven.
And Mycroft could have sworn that he heard something burst inside Sherlock. Sherlock gasped a pain-filled, “Oh..!” and went slack in Mycroft's arms and a lot of half-coagulated blood ran out of his body as his muscles lost their tension.......
“Schuss, John,“, soothed Sherlock, “We have been here before and we have sorted it out. You and I are forgiven for the pain and hurt and sorrow we have caused each other. I love you...you love me. Mary, who had staged a lot of this, is dead, Culverton in jail. Eurus has been taken care of. We are here...and Rosie too. We are safe...”
After the caning that had left Mycroft with eight precise welts on his buttocks, he was led to the St. Andreas Cross where he was secured with his cuffs. Lady Smallwood didn't want to use those for his ankles. Not for now.
And Sherlock almost shuddered as he imagined how he could have reached under John’s kilt the whole evening and touched him. He moaned even more as he imagined how he could have knelt behind John, could have moved his head up under the kilt, how he could have spread those muscular buttocks aside, removed that plug and fucked John with his tongue.
John laughed, “I’m sorry to disappoint you, Love. I’ll have to wear pants.The thought of you without pants and in a kilt.....and what I would be able to see if I lifted it and do to you, well that would make me leak as a faucet...and we can’t have that. So I’ve bought the finest quality boxer briefs for both of us.” And he pointed at a bag that was standing beside the bed.
“I can see that” said Sherlock and looked a John’s crotch.
“Please continue...”
The angel frowned , “Why not? My true appearance would scare the shit out of you and....”
As John returned to his flat, he was greeted by a very happy Rosie, who had discovered some new food, that could be eaten with fingers and a Sherlock, who was preparing dinner.
And Sherlock got up from the bed and went over to John and took his hand, “Let me look at you...Oh my...you are so young!”
John hurried to take the tray as it looked heavy and looked at her and said, “You better come in.”
Sherlock hurried to get dressed in his clean pyjama bottom and another T-shirt and the beige morning gown. “Elephants”...yes...but did he dare tell John about the depth of his feelings for him? He didn’t want to ruin their friendship....not now when it apparently was back on track again.
Now Sherlock smirked, “And here I thought that you married me for the money!”
John felt a bit guilty about that, because he had seen some of those old horror-movies on his lap-top together with Mycroft whilst they were sitting next to the unconscious Sherlock, and some of it must have 'bled' through to Sherlock's mind.
He woke by a gentle kiss at his forehead and Sherlock’s words, “Here, John...and dinner will be ready in about 10 minutes.”
“I kept on seeing him. In the flat, playing his violin....sitting in his chair, Sitting by his microscope in the kitchen. That was the reason why I left the flat. I couldn't stand it. And then...after Mary died. I kept seeing her too...”
“Please, John......more pain! Please!”, begged Sherlock.
If you are not into cross-overs, then don't read this chapter. In the previous chapter I gave hints about the world falling apart and super-soldiers. This next chapter, written as a diary, is going to be the first chapter in my sequel to “The Truth?” about Khan Noonien Singh. Because it is a bit strange that Khan looked so much like Sherlock Holmes, isn't it?
Greg bend down and began to apply the Arnica-cream, “You didn't. I got everything I planned...well except from the caning. I love to rim you. The way I can take you apart like that...”
And now John had come to the hospital with the results of Mary's investigations. Some rather disturbing results and so strange that they were hardly to be believed.
Sherlock drank a sip of his whisky and said with a smirk, “Well...I suppose that the lacking year and a half on your CV...the year where you actually worked for MI6, would be difficult to hide from him too, since he was you boss at that time!”
In the bathroom Mycroft obediently lied down on his back on the three white fluffy towels that Greg had placed on the floor and Greg prepared the enema. It was meant as a cleaning-procedure and not as a 'punishment', even if it was a effective method to ground Mycroft in his body, if he was on all fours and fighting the urge to let the water out again. Especially if the water was cold. It wasn't tonight, and it made it easier.
Mycroft's voice trailed off and he looked at John, before he continued, “I've done both of you so much damage. I felt there and then that I owed you. I still do, John!”
And then he had removed his own cock-ring and then John’s cock-ring and had kissed John’s arse hole and then he had fingered John’s hole more open. First with one finger, then two and finally three and then pushed his cock in in one long sliding movement. John had been so ready that he hardly could wait. And that was why they both came after only a few trusts.
And Sherlock had smiled at him: “ No John....not because of your looks, but because of your military training. It is so obvious. Remember......I recognized you as a military person the second I observed you. You can’t hide that!”
“Well, of course I'll do it. Just give me some time, and I'll research, so I can do it safely..” was Sherlock's answer.
“Then begin. Because I can't make any bloody sense of any of it!”
Lady Smallwood smiled again and said, “Those are fair conditions and so much within my own limits. So there are no problems here. And I suppose that we'll use the usual 'green', 'yellow' and 'red' as safe-words? And if I cross a limit of yours, you are allowed to use them...and you'll answer truthfully if I ask, is that understood?”
It took a while. I'm busy with my work (and I am away from home working and commuting more than 55 hours each week), but here it is: the next chapter. I'm not abandoning my story and I know where it goes and ends. I just need the time, that I don't have, to write, so please, be patient. Very patient. I have a week free from work in week 42. I might catch up with some writing then. And I hope that I haven't lost my readers...
And Mycroft could see John put on his soldier-personality. Just as he had done when Sherlock died.
Sherlock nodded, “Yes. It doesn't mean that I trust you 100%.”
“Why on Earth that?!”
And John looked at Mycroft and said: “That is why I lied to her and said that I loved her. I saw her journal and I recognize the signs. Brain damage.....the cerebellum. If she survives......I really do not know what to do. Stay with her and be miserable I guess.....”
decided to be on his own too.
Rohan and Eshan had to stay at the hospital for a few more days before they could make the last recovery in Mycroft's and Greg's house and that was why Mycroft and Greg were lying in their bed later that night, having time to discuss the future of those boys. Apparently both murderers and politicians had decided to go on holiday, because nothing did disturb Mycroft and Greg the next couple of days. And then the paper-work was finished and those two boys were finally adopted by Greg and Mycroft.
“But not for long?”
“Take care and stay safe. I know you have made precautions and you are up North. It would help as well. I love you all...”
“My utterly mad-man.”, whispered Greg as he removed the items. First loosening the eye-let on the 'sound' from the garter, then easing Mycroft's cock and balls out of the ring. Then removing the sound. Kissing the cock-head and sticking his tongue into the a bit gaping slit. The sound had stretched it a bit and Mycroft moaned.
“So there was a reason for everything that happened? Every insane event? And in reality no one died?”, wanted John to know.
And the very honest man....John Watson....who never had told a lie in his life....had to say: “I do not *love* you Mary. I can’t. I’m really working on trying to forgive you. But you almost killed my best friend! I *like* you....I respect you....and there are even parts of you that I might think that I *love*. But you are the mother of our child. She is the best thing that ever happened to me and therefore I can promise you that I’ll never voluntarily leave you. Can you live with that? I have to be honest. I don’t want any more lies in our marriage!”
“No..no the other thing you said.”
(to be continued)
Mycroft swallowed and knelt again, “I think...I think I'm all yours, Ma'am.”
But Sherlock had heard that before...not with Victor....but with others....at the university. The phrase: “It is not you...it is me” and soon followed by: “I can’t do that.....” and a few more empty sentences that all would sum up to: “we can’t continue like this....”...and then people would leave...again.
I huff. "Really, John..." I mumble as I haul myself up out of my chair. "I ask for one simple thing..." I head down the stairs and knock on 221A. No answer. I knock louder. Still no answer. "Mrs. Hudson!" I bellow.
“Don’t know what you mean. Been here the whole time." I gulp down the champagne. "Except for when a Miss Smallwood needed to speak about some security matter." I hand him back the flute. "Which reminds me that I promised her I would go check on something. Security wise. For Security." I make a mad dash for the rarely used tea room and the hidden staircase it has.
Mycroft
Just as the tea is done a nice young man enters the kitchen. "Oh. You must be Jimmy's boyfriend. Aren't you adorable. Tea?"
I grab him before he hits the floor and carry him bridal style to the bed. I grab one of the small decorative pillows and place it under Sherlocks hips. I climb into the bed from the foot area and crawl between his legs. He opens to me freely as I run my hands up from his ankle to groin. "Would you believe me if I told you that you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen?"
I beam at Sebastian.
"I guess you could if you'd feel more comfortable there. I was hoping you'd join me in the bed and we could do a bit more of what we started in the kitchen earlier." I get up from the floor and sit next to him on the sofa. "I don't want to push you. I do however want to continue what we started in the kitchen."
I roll my eyes at his response.
Mycroft
Mycroft
I carefully listen to John's instructions - even though I've read how to do this in several books, and could probably figure it out myself, he seems to enjoy teaching me - and manage to strike a spark into the kindling, and nurse it into a proper flame. In no time, there's a decent fire going. John smiles proudly. Gods, he's got a gorgeous smile. Those soft lips. I shake away the thoughts again.
Irene
Sherlock
(4:06pm) *text to JW* What offer? SH
Mycroft
"Ha! Dear Gods No! You're not the Holmes I'm going to bed." I walk my fingers down his arm to the tray of biscuits. "Besides I said itty bitty thing and I've seen you naked while swimming. It's not itty or bitty."
I lean against the shower wall as his hands spread lather over me, closing my eyes in enjoyment. "My brother eats them all." I mumble in response to his question.
"Yes, all of it. I want to spend time with you, I'm beyond ecstatic that you seem to want the same."
"Johnny, you can't be serious. Stop being so childish." How dare he think he know better than me. It was bad enough when he ran off to join the RAF the first time.
Mycroft
My breathing is ragged as I try to maintain a steady rhythm, rocking against him. I wrap my hand around my cock, stoking in time with his thrusts.
"No. Go on without me. Find him and take him home." I wave him off with my head hung low.
"No, it looks like a simple sprain, actually." I say, mixing some mugwort into the grated potato mixture. I take the bowl over to where he is sitting, and apply the mixture to his swollen ankle, wrapping it carefully in place. "There, we should let that sit for a few hours, and see how it looks then."
I have to keep reminding myself to focus completely on Locky. My dick is throbbing and I desperately need relief. I redouble my efforts on his penis now using both my hands. "Please baby. Let go. It'll feel so good."
I let my head fall back against the headboard with a moan as I feel my cock brush the back of his throat. My fingers curl into his hair as he twists his grip. I struggle to resist the urge to thrust up, deeper into his mouth. He's already managed to take more than most, after all.
The thought skitters across my mind. I groan at his every touch. Pinned to the bed as I am (quite willingly, I might add), I find my clothing becoming overly restrictive, but there's little I can do about it. I pull up on the hem of my shirt and arch my back, trying to take it off gracefully but instead, ending up tangled in it.
--WHO IS PRINCE CHARMING—
"You’re having a go at me, aren’t you. That’s not funny." No... ? "I assumed she invested well or maybe inherited this place."
"Sorry, John." I reach under my mask carefully to wipe away the tears of laughter. "I know the silver fox - he brought me this evening, in fact. I've never thought him the jealous type." I lie.
"The soil is much richer here." I reply as I sort through some of the other herbs for tea.
"You enjoyed yourself a few times tonight already. The blow job when you drove us home and again when I fucked you in the shower. I enjoyed myself as well. Least I was until you tried to slither out of here so that no one would see you leave but you have no problem greasing diplomacies arse in front of Queen and Country." How does this man make me so angry and yet we are both still rock hard.
Mycroft
"Gods... this is..." I'm at a loss for words to describe how amazing, how wonderful this feels.
Sherlock
"I required you to leave Baker St for a while. I need to teach him a lesson about not taking care of his toys. He really needs to pay more attention. Ever since he got with the good DoctorSoldier he hasn't paid much mind to anyone-- I mean anything, else."
Mycroft
I stop our kissing for a moment, so I can gather up some saliva and lick a stripe up my hand. I add my wet palm to his hand pressing our dicks together. It's not much but even the small amount of a lube substance is better than dry. The feeling goes from good to great but we need something long-lasting.
I quietly slide my legs off his lap and get to my feet. Reaching down, I take his hand and pull him to his feet, too. "Join me?" I ask shyly.
In the three weeks since I abandoned my brother to the elements a few things have changed around here. Some good, some not so good, and some, interesting. Mummy passed within a week of Sherlocks departure, I was named sole heir, and I got a new job. The feelings of guilt require more and more alcohol to drown them out.
Mycroft
I roll my eyes in a duh motion. "I know that." Pfft. "Did you hear that Martha? So sad, too bad. You could always stay here. -I- would keep track of you and you can go on all the real holidays you want to."
My fingers curl into his hips as I pound into him, the heat curling inside my gut. "I never... make you wait... too long..." I gasp out, shuddering as I get closer.
