“Hi,” Dean whispered with a goofy grin as he carefully shut the door of the master bedroom behind him.
“Yeah, Jody,” Dean says. “We’ll be there.”
“No, actually, I was wondering if you’d help me bake a pie,” Castiel said grimly.
“Of course, Claire,” Dean replies. “Stay however long you want.”
“Who’s Cas?” Pati asked from the kitchen.
Dean’s face lights up at that. “Oh, thanks. Hey, uh, do you want to come in? I just made some mac and cheese, I have enough to share.”
Dean huffs a laugh. “OK, we’re both dreaming. G’night.”
“You still need sleep, hm?” Dean asks. “You stay with Charlie?”
Rowena turns and glares at him. “Do you want your angel better or not?”
“We need 30,” Dean yelled back.
Sam sprints for the stairs just as metal clangs to the floor in the kitchen.
Dean yells.
They all turn, ready for anything. Two large men face them, their arms crossed, smiles on their faces. The taller one says, “We’re big fans.”
Jody sighs. “Seriously. Impossible to make fun of him.”
“I don’t know why you goad him into judging our eating habits,” Cas says. “He asks about my weight every time I lift with him.”
“We’re not asking you to–”
“I have to ask, what were you doing making oatmeal at 9 p.m.?”
Cas cards a hand through Dean's hair. “Do you want to shower with me?” he asks patiently.
“You told me to make myself at home.”
Dean:
Dean reached across himself to squeeze a bicep, thinking. “I guess I could try to transition into being a bear.”
Dean slowly gets to his feet, stretches his aching back, then grabs a bottle from the shelf above his bed and tosses it at Charlie.
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Charlie asks.
“Millie, keep your nose out of my business. How many times I gotta tell you?”
“And we’ll need a carrier of the bomb,” Cas says ominously. “Someone who can get close to Amara without being killed.”
“Fewer people, not less.”
The line cuts out with a fizzling sound. Dean curses to himself and tries to call her back, but it won’t even dial. He calls Sam instead and tells him to haul ass to the nursing home.
“Billie?” Cas asks.
Dean heads to his room first to change into a suit, but Cas is in there, wearing nothing but a towel around his waist and digging through Dean’s dresser drawers. He turns around and gives Dean a sheepish look.
Dean blinked up at Cas. “Yeah. She was tough, but I loved her.”
The guy’s video was too short, definitely not enough to get the job done, but Renee subscribed to his channel anyway before finding something else. His username was something stupid like HungImpala67. His video would get taken down for violating YouTube guidelines, so she hoped he would move to another site.
Cas sighs again. “Yes. I just worry about your mother. I know it’s odd for her to be back after all this time.”
“Make yourself at home,” Dean says from the kitchen, and Cas plans on doing the opposite of that in this industrial wasteland.
“You need to put restraints on me. Take me to the dungeon.”
“You looked a little lost there for a second, buddy.”
gotten him back, too.”
Dean and Cas go back to staring at each other. It takes Sam physically putting a hand to Dean’s shoulder to get him away from Cas.
Sleep in the literal sense.
“No, no, that’s fine.”
Dean feels like he might puke. He takes a step away from her.
“Oh Jesus fucking Christ,” he said as he impulsively deleted the video.
She turns abruptly and walks away with shuffling feet. He watches her until his phone rings in his pocket.
“He’s 4, Dean,” Sam says.
“Oh. Um.” Dean shifted. “I have a hookup that’s kind of rough with me. Not in a bad way! Like, he doesn’t hurt me. It’s good.”
Dean breathes a sigh of relief. “OK, you’ll be nearby. Good. Great.”
Dean laughs and kisses her temple as they break apart. Charlie turns to Cas then, wide-eyed again, and makes some kind of gesture to him that Dean doesn’t catch. Cas shakes his head in response.
“Sam, snap out of it! What the fuck did you see?”
make a comment about Dean’s weight, but it was always good-natured, always directed toward both Cas and Dean as physical evidence of them being happy together. Dean was eating healthier than he ever had in his life, he felt better, had more energy, improved stamina, but his body took to being chubby like a hungry baby to a tit.
“Well, Cas, glad to see you, too,” Dean says sarcastically.
The kid’s already got him wrapped around his little finger. Maybe Sam’s just – it’s all too much all at once, and he needs somebody to take care of, or to care about. He needs somebody – not to replace all he’s lost, but to maybe fill some of the holes inside of him. Jack could do that for him.
want to help us or not?”
“I want you to not let—”
spend the rest of the day obsessively checking his phone. He had a new hip replacement patient, then did a shower and IADLs with one of his short-term stroke patients, passive range of motion on a worker’s comp long-term resident named Rufus who had been paralyzed on the job, wrote notes during lunch, then he headed across the hall to the independent living facility to see Mildred.
“Well, I’m definitely not gonna do this shit for free,” he said out loud to no one.
Later, Dean is in charge of getting Raven down for the night, Jody is taking a nap upstairs, and Jack and Cas are out picking up takeout for dinner.
“Couple months maybe,” Sam replied. “It’s going so much faster than we thought.”
Amara laughs and shows Dean her brand new teeth, then she loudly says, “Fucking! Fucking pissed!”
Dean tells Sam and Cas what Charlie said, and they all agree to at least make a quick stop at the next promising exit.
Amara cries a lot when they pull her out of bed and stick her in the car seat that she’s very nearly outgrown, but they don’t have any other options. Finding Cas is an all-hands-on-deck type of deal. They track his location through his phone and find that he’s stopped somewhere about a half hour drive from the bunker.
Dean was quick to follow, since Cas’ come anywhere in or on his body always acted as an orgasm-inducer. They lay together uselessly for several seconds after, then Cas kissed Dean’s skin one more time before magicking away the mess with his grace.
He wouldn’t have heard it if the window in his kitchen wasn’t open and he wasn’t at the sink washing his hands right at that very moment. As it happens, it was and he was, and so he easily caught the image of his new neighbor across the street – his face 100 percent
“Cas!” Dean yells as he approaches slowly from the side, his hands outstretched, wishing he could just grab his friend and bear hug him back into himself. “This isn’t you, it’s the spell. You need to let her go. You can beat this. Come back to me, Cas. Come back to me.”
“Amara’s been playing us from the beginning, don’t you get it? You’re not real, Charlie, you’re just here on this stupid fucking chessboard with us.” Everyone is looking at Dean like he’s insane, so he starts shouting. “Amara put you here so I wouldn’t stop her! She’s been manipulating me the whole time! And I’m not gonna have
“The power you have over all kinds of beings,” she explains. “I wanted to experience it firsthand. And I get it. I can feel it, this desire in me to be your friend. You have a unique gift, Dean.”
“No, I’m not,” Cas says in a monotone, flipping his wrist to blow Dean off. He kisses Eileen on the cheek as he leaves the kitchen.
Cas’ scrubs fit better than Dean’s own scrubs. A more relaxed fit, it would make assisting patients with transfers so much easier. He picked out a nice light blue set and was fighting with his hair when Cas sleepily trudged into the bathroom, his own hair a huge mess, eyes half-closed.
She immediately gets up and walks over to him. “Well, we’re getting to know each other now.” She pats his back a few times. “So, show me how you roast these vegetables.”
Sam ditched Dean for a week to go on a hunt with Eileen up near the Great Lakes.
the bed closest to the door.
“I felt wrong in her body, like I didn’t fit appropriately. Like I had lost part of myself and everybody treated me like it was fine.” He looks at Dean again. “Everybody except you.”
Except for one guy, who was clearly still high, and asked, “Is that dude in the trench coat your boyfriend?”
Dean smiled to himself and gave up on his hair, pushing his usual headband up into it.
“I don’t know, but he’s human and he probably knows a lot more about the Dar—Amara than we do. I can track him down.”
little. But I don’t think it was really Dad, just someone pretending to be Dad.”
Dean closes his eyes and curses. Without giving it a second thought, he pulls his phone out of his pocket and calls Crowley.
“Dean,” Cas says seriously.
“The infection is visible though.” Cas shifts his eyes, looking at Dean’s neck and arms and then back to his face. “You don’t have any visible signs of it.”
Dean huffs a laugh and realizes he’s too tired to lie. “No. And it’s not—” he gestures to the bruises on his face, “—it’s something else. I haven’t kept anything down since I lost the Mark. Food, beer, nothing. All comes right back up.” He closes his eyes and rubs the one that’s less bruised. “Everything tastes like shit, and I’m sleeping, like, three or four times longer than normal.”
“So, which of your friends are, what’s the word? LBG—LGBT? Which of your friends are LGBT again? Just so I know,” Mary says from the backseat.
“I ain’t worried about Crowley! I don’t want—we can’t have Lucifer and Crowley fighting
“Sounds good, Cas. Night.”
“Autograph?”
“Sweetie, you don’t do that for you.”
Dean expects Cas to laugh, but instead he turns his head and gives Dean a serious stare. “I know angels that have taken care of their vessels for hundreds of years, that have maintained their earthly bodies through every war and hardship. But most angels...It doesn’t matter what body we inhabit. I thought—I didn’t know I was so attached to this one.”
After striking a deal with Billie, permanently closing off all portals to other dimensions, and convincing Chuck and Amara to go on a holiday to find the balance of the universe, they were left with just regular B-horror movie monsters.
“No, no, I’m fine. Seriously. G’night, Cas.”
He leveled himself with an impatient glare. “No. It’s a C7 spinal cord injury, and it’s really not that big of a fucking deal. I was talking about Cas.”
“Don’t stop,” Cas said, just as tenderly as Dean had imagined a moment ago.
“No, I met him when I was getting takeout after the gym.” Dean bit his bottom lip. “We didn’t fuck.”
“I worry about you, too.” Dean swallowed thickly. “I guess that’s just life.”
He squeezed her hand and pointed her to a chair in her apartment so he could stretch out her shoulder.
Cas sucks in a sharp breath. Dean’s eyes widen.
“Again.”
The first time they stopped at a motel, Cas was surprised when Sam walked off to a single room and Dean threw a key at Cas and said, “You’re with me, buddy.”
“Um, I was just wondering if we could go into town to get one of those phones for me. I didn’t mean to—if you were busy with Cas, we can go later.” She shifts from one foot to the other, pulling at the hem of her t-shirt, which is a little small on her because she borrowed it from Eileen. “Sam said you’re very attached to the car, so I thought it might be nice if you and I took a drive in it.”
Castiel frowned up at him. “I don’t—his other days what?”
“You’re serious.”
“I, uh, saw something in the road and thought I was gonna hit it. I don’t know.”
“Cas actually can’t sleep in my bed,” Sam says as he pulls a t-shirt on over his head. “Unless it was, like, a life-or-death situation, I would absolutely not share a bed with Cas. No offense, buddy.”
“Oh.” She makes a sad face at him. “Is that why you asked me over?”
Chuck casually walks through the door and leans on the banister, looking down at all of them.
“We’re calling Cas a ‘she’ now?” Dean asks, more annoyed than he needs to be.
Dean wanted to scream. Yes, that was exactly it. Yes.
Dean swallows. He did, deep down, he knew that when Amara asked for a few minutes alone that he wasn’t going to see her in that room again. He could feel it.
He has a million thoughts running through his head, most of them blasphemous, so he just sits in silence while Chuck talks. He catches some of it.
surprising.
“I wasn’t trying to invite him over,” Castiel repeated for the fifth time. “I was trying to ask him if he’d like to come over tomorrow to start the second season.”
“Yeah, no. Something’s wrong.” Not knowing exactly what to ask her, Dean decides on, “Who’re you working for?”
Crowley opens a hidden door in the wall, sliding the stone in a gravity-defying way and revealing a vast, empty hole. He points to it and tells Sam he has to step inside to get to the Cage.
Dean just rolls his eyes and tosses the sweater in the garbage. Sam digs it out later.
“He’s your b–best friend. Oh, he’s also an angel.”
Cas just looks at him some more. Dean moves the ice, blocking the view of his face.
Back at the hotel, he gingerly removed his shirt and lay on the bed to assess the damage. He needed stitches in a couple of places around his abdomen, a couple of his fingers were dislocated, and a bruise was already forming from his left clavicle down to his nipple.
The dream world Amara showed him flashes in his mind, but he pushes it down. He’s straight. He wouldn’t do that with Cas.
Eyes glued to his phone, Dean stepped out of Bobby’s way as he propelled himself out of the bathroom and went over to his closet to retrieve his hat.
“Yeah, I can, actually,” Dean says, distracted, as he sits on the bed and puts his fingers to Cas’ neck to check his pulse. He then puts his hand to his forehead to check for a fever.
Sam huffed a laugh and stood, reaching down for Eileen’s hand. “And that’s our cue to leave. Dean, I’m gonna start asking you for money.”
Lisa Braeden gives touches freely, without preamble, with a casualness reserved for mothers and children. Dean grows accustomed to her touches, and he unapologetically reaches for them. Lisa knows that they mean more to Dean than they do to her, that what she does on autopilot sends Dean into overdrive. She reminds herself that Dean loves differently, wholly, with the sort of blind affection that doesn’t differentiate between lover and friend, brother and child. They are all the same to Dean, and she knows that he has no idea.
Barely a minute more passes before Sam appears suddenly, clutching the side of the wall and looking out of breath.
Dean just about loses it. “Engaged in what, Cas? Killing you?”
His phone buzzes. He picks it up and tries to answer it before realizing it’s just a text from Sam.
Friday
“Are you sure you’re OK?”
“Hey, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dean asked as they walked into his house.
Dean:
Sam doesn’t push the issue. Instead he says, "You let somebody take Cas, didn't you?"
Amara starts crying.
Dean took a mental picture of Cas’ face to add to his spank bank.
“Sounds like you’re bi, dude,” Dean added.
“Well, yeah, because it’s super fucked up.”
“Dean, what are you–”
Dean and Eileen laughed loudly from the kitchen.
“Cas, you’ll last...three minutes. Tops,” Sam adds.
“I thought they might be one of your people, Dean, but I didn’t want to pry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His dad is on him in a second, taking long strides across the room and grabbing him by the lapels so quickly that Dean stumbles back and falls against the wall. John bears down on him, breathing right in his face, his hands fisted into the front of his shirt to hold him in place.
Cas huffed a laugh. “I love you, too, Dean.”
He didn’t wait. He pulled Cas up into his arms and buried his face in his neck and said, “I love you, you can have me. You can have me forever.”
Sam does research and stays in close contact with everybody left in charge of controlling the infection. Amara continues to grow and begins to learn on her own, spending more time in her room reading books. Dean and Charlie do some online shopping and order enough furniture to make three new guest rooms, and they watch a bunch of shitty movies together, and they play video games—or, Charlie plays video games and explains what’s going on while Dean watches. Cas calls to check in every day, except on day three.
“If you waited until you were on the brink of death to kiss me, I would’ve killed you myself.”
spoken by Aslan in
“I’m having visions,” Sam says ominously. “And I mean within the last few minutes. I nearly busted the door down, Dean, I thought you had...I don’t know what I thought.”
“Dean, maybe if you asked Cas the right questions, you would learn things about her,” Mary says.
After Mary’s death, Dean didn’t like to be touched. He recoiled whenever John would try to hug him or tuck him into bed at night. When John asked if there was anything he could do to help, Dean didn’t speak. For an entire year, he didn’t speak.
When he gets back to the bunker, he sees a black Ford F-150 parked out front and Sam standing by it with two people Dean’s never seen before. Dean takes his time parking in the garage and unloading all the stuff in hopes of delaying having to meet the new people.
Cas hummed. “I worry about Jack all the time, and it would take the most powerful forces in the universe to kill him. Love isn’t rational.”
They didn’t talk about it.
He lands in the oatmeal. The
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says sheepishly.
“Go to bed, Dean,” Sam says softly. “You’ve been up for 24 hours.”
“Uh, nothing,” Dean replied awkwardly as he put the hat on.
“Yeah. Dad died when I was in eighth grade. Car accident. Mom died a few years ago from, uh, a rare cancer.”
Sam made a pained face and waved him off. “Is this part of your midlife crisis?”
Cas walks out next and stops right outside the door, staring straight ahead at Jack. Cas has both his wrists bent against his hips, hands palm out, straight-back posture making his gut look more pronounced than it already is.
“Dean, listen to me.” Cas’ face fell. “Not everything you do has to perfectly fit inside the parameters of what’s acceptable for gay men in our society.”
Cas took in all the information and felt a lightness in him that was incredibly rare. The Dean that Charlie described was one Castiel definitely wanted to meet.
Pati:
After Dean hangs up, he and Sam are silent for another minute or so.
Dean and Cas’ phones both ping at the same time. Dean is still feeding Amara, so he asks Cas to read him the text since he knows it’s Sam in their group thread.
“Hm. If it makes you feel better, I’m not going to be the bigger person either.”
Dean looks down at his hand and then back up at his face. “No. Uh, try not to throw books on the floor, alright, Cas?”
“What?”
There was a knock on the door around dinnertime, and Charlie went to answer it. She came back to the living room with Cas on her heels, holding a Chipotle bag.
“Yeah, I guess almost dying will do that to you,” Dean says. He scoots back on his bed, tucked up against the headboard, feeling vulnerable in his pajamas.
Nobody says anything for a minute, but then one of the more flirtatious mothers pipes up from the back, “
Dean patted his hair delicately. “What, you don’t think I’m pretty?” he teased.
Amara’s eyebrows raise in shock. Her hand drops. As she stares up at Dean, she huffs big breaths in and out through her nose, building like a bull about to charge, hands clenched into fists at her sides, then her mouth opens and she screams in the ungodly way capable only of teenage girls who are mad at their parents.
Warning that Dean will continue experiencing side effects that include vomiting and grotesque visions for several chapters to come.
It’s raining sheets when Dean drives out of the garage. He hates when the weather surprises him, when it reminds him that they sometimes spend days in the bunker with no windows to direct their routines. Like living in a casino.
“Oh,” Dean says. “I didn’t realize...so you two are…?” He gestures between them.
The last time he had hooked up with someone had been at the bunker. Nobody had ever slept in his own bed with him, but he had just been made human again after being a demon, and Sam insisted that he rest for several weeks before they started working again.
“What are you doing? What’s going on?”
“Is that all you’re gonna eat?” Sam asks when he notices the crust of a single slice of pizza on Dean’s plate.
“How’s Bela?”
Cas looks down at himself, turning his hands palm up and holding them out in front of him. “I’m not genderless.”
“Listen to me, you son of a bitch.” He doesn’t quite know where he’s going with this. “You don’t tell somebody you love them and then disappear for a month, alright? Maybe this is all on me. Maybe I – maybe you don’t realize that I…I should’ve said something. There. I admit it. I should’ve said something, so I’m saying it now. I feel the same way, Cas. I should’ve told you, and I’m sorry.” He pauses, takes a deep breath. “Call me back. I need to know you’re OK.”
Charlie squinted at him. “If we hang out, does that mean I have to have sex with you?”
When Sam didn’t continue, Dean looked down at himself in search of what Sam was talking about. He was wearing new clothes he had bought online with his new money—a fitted white t-shirt and trashy jean shorts to wear in videos. His arms, legs and stomach were all thicker, his body bulky with healthy weight from clean living.
In his periphery, Dean sees Sam getting up from the floor and standing awkwardly over by the table. Dean’s heart pounds in his chest.
Dean takes a deep breath, trying to find his patience. “It’s not dying
“Goodness, I knew you were an organized and regimented person, but I didn’t realize it was
“What?”
think. C’mon, Dean!”
Cas shakes his head, his profile to Dean. “Can I tell you something, um, personal?”
Lucifer’s eyes glow. “I said get out.”
“I can’t balance light and dark without my brother,” she explains. “But I don’t like my brother.”
A beat of silence passes, then, “Through humanity I’ve learned to feel. And think for myself. My world may be smaller now than it was before, but it doesn’t feel any less important. In some ways, it feels more important, being free from the constraints of heaven.”
“You’ve gotta stop lying to people, Dean,” Cassie said when he was done explaining.
Sam furrows his brow and opens his mouth, then changes his mind and leaves. Dean can feel that Sam is itching to do more than sit around the bunker taking care of a baby and waiting for Cas, but Dean is so acutely focused on those two things that he won’t even look at the news, won’t even do a Google search for fear of finding out that the infection has reached other towns.
Dean makes it to the sink just as Sam is knocking on the door. He sticks a toothbrush in his mouth; the door opens.
“Yeah, Charlie?” Dean answers.
They dragged a chair into Sam and Eileen’s bathroom and draped towels around Dean’s shoulders as he looked up reference photos on his phone.
“Well, they could be nicer about it.”
“Yeah, sure, believe the guy who
“I hope you don’t mind my calling,” Cas replied, his voice sounding even deeper on the phone. “I just wanted to explain—I thought you might enjoy those books, and I had them in my truck and passed your house on my way—”
Crowley stepped closer to him, glaring up at him. “Why now? Have you seriously fallen for someone else?”
“Well?” he asks. “Who the hell taught you to be this dramatic, huh? What the hell are you wearing?”
Without looking away from the computer screen, Dr. Novak responds, “Perhaps after your injuries heal. When was the last time you were tested for STDs?”
Clint hugs him, too, and then says, “Gosh, we’ve heard so much about y’all, it’s nice to finally meet you. We told Sam already, but we’re staying the night here, and we absolutely intend to impose. We’ll pay for the pizza.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Stop what? A fifth grader starting the next apocalypse? Yeah, I’m real worried about that.”
Right as Cas’ hand came into frame, Dean stopped the video. Cas didn’t seem to notice, or care, as he pressed his hands to Dean’s hip bones and hummed deep in the back of his throat.
They leave before the sun goes down. Sam asks Eileen to come back to the bunker with them. He rides with her.
“Yeah, and she’s way hotter than you. Get out of here, Bela.”
“Yes, I, um, don’t think it’s worth using my grace to clean my clothes.”
Castiel spent the first few days sorting through the basic feelings of hunger, thirst, arousal, needing to relieve himself, needing sleep, etcetera. More complex feelings, like sadness, happiness, contentment, anger, would come to him over several days of hardship. He found that these emotions were similar to how he felt when he was an angel, but he experienced them so much more intensely as a human, on such a visceral level because he had nowhere to put them. If he was sad as an angel, he could make that sadness into a wave of light or a ball of matter and put that sadness on another plane, in another dimension even, but as a human the only place his sadness could go was inside him and out through his tear ducts.
“Yes, really, so if you want it, you have to agree to do what I say,” Crowley responds, annoyed. He sucks in so hard on his cigarette that the end comically lights up and pops. “I want Lucifer back in the Cage. Forever.”
Sam puts a hand on his shoulder, making him stop. “Hey. Thanks for telling me about Crowley.”
Half an hour into the documentary, Castiel felt himself drifting. He turned the TV off and pressed a hand to Dean’s shoulder, gently rubbing him awake the way he would to a patient to administer their meds in the early morning.
“Cas is worried about you.”
Dean ignores her.
Dean moved his lips while he signed, “Seems like it should be as easy as adopting a pet, like you just walk into an orphanage and pick one.”
On the independent living side of the facility, they meet Mildred. She is a striking woman, claiming to be in her late 70s but carrying herself with such verve that Dean wonders if his perception of old age is wrong. She hits on him immediately, and he forgets himself for a second and nearly responds to her in kind before remembering that Sam is standing right next to him so he feigns embarrassment instead.
“What’s up, Dean?” she asks, not bothering to look up at him.
“Uh, ‘cause you didn’t ask?” Charlie responded in the same tone.
“I feel like shit, Cas.”
On Friday, Dean texted Cas twice to let him know he had broken up with everyone and could they please talk, but Cas continued to ghost him. He accompanied Pati to the doctor and barely processed that he was doing a paternity test.
It was nice having both Sam and Cas home. After dinner, they went to the Dean cave and watched a movie, but Eileen called Sam on FaceTime halfway through and he excused himself and disappeared to his room for the rest of the night. Dean and Cas sat on opposite ends of the couch. Dean fell asleep before the movie ended.
, and he adores it.
“Should we, uh, follow her?” Dean asks.
Cassie:
Except.
“Mm-hmm,” Cesar replies.
“A ghost dog?”
“Did you try–”
Dean ran his tongue along his top teeth. “OK, you are me.” He pushed his wheelchair forward and moved the shotgun from his lap to the table. “And you must be from 2020.”
“Sorry, buddy,” Dean says, grunting as he climbs up the hill to cut the warding. “Lucifer, you know, kind of fucked us over.”
Where did that man go? How have you become so insignificant?”
Dean narrowed his eyes at her. “I know when you lure me with steak. You’re not fooling me.”
“Am I late, or are you early?” Dean asked as he walked up to him, cupped him by the cheek and eagerly kissed him.
“Mm,” Dean grunts, not quite understanding but pretending like he does.
Dean:
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean mumbled as he shoved his lunchbox in the fridge.
"What’s the big deal? We’ve been dating almost two years and it’s weird if I call you pet names?”
Dean drank water and took several deep breaths until he felt his heart beat slow. “I don’t think I’m gonna make it seven miles, buddy.”
“So, how is it, Cas? Lucifer didn’t bang your body up too bad, did he?” Dean asks as he rummages around in the fridge for sandwich ingredients.
“Babe, I used to have washboard abs and posted shirtless pictures all the time.” Dean laughed and reached a hand down to jiggle his fat stomach. “Of course people are gonna comment on my weight.”
The first time they were alone together, it was morning and Cas was brewing a pot of coffee. They spoke in low tones, across the kitchen from one another, about nothing in particular. But Dean said something that made Cas smile, so Dean crossed the kitchen and wrapped his arms around him and held him until they heard Sam coming down the hall.
Somehow, she ends up in Dean’s room with him and Cas.
At the age of 3, Dean spent two months refusing to walk. He would reach up for Mary, and she would hold him on her hip while she went about her day. Sometimes he would say things or ask to be set down to play, but for some reason he decided that his primary mode of transportation was in his mother’s arms. He was very disappointed when she became too pregnant to carry both him and his brother all the time.
“Yeah. I have an extra cassette player, too, if your car doesn’t have one.”
Inside the box is a metal key chain with an intricately twisted design made from blunt nails, bolts, washers and other such hardware. The pattern is beautiful, and it’s held together by some shiny gold material. It doesn’t look like something bought.
Cas squinted at him, tilted his head to the side. “It wasn’t...terrible?”
Dean checks his hip against Cas’, nudging him out of the way so he can wash his hands at the sink.
They lay together quietly for a few minutes. Dean was drawing circles with his fingers against the fabric of Cas’ shirt, and Cas was lying still against his side. Nothing had ever felt more right than this.
“Great,” Dean says on an exhale. “So, you here to help or what?”
When Cas comes back into the classroom a few minutes later, his hair’s a little more disheveled than it was before, and his lips are just a tad pinker.
. You’re acting like me.”
Sam’s shoulders lift with a long-suffering sigh. “Can you suck it up and apologize to him when we get back? Please?”
Dean kills Hitler.
His eyebrows pinched together. He looked up at Dean, searching his face. “No, why would it be?”
“Sam?” Dean asks once he’s left Amara’s room and is walking down the hall toward Sam’s closed bedroom door.
Castiel nodded sweetly before leaning back in and kissing Dean again.
I mean, I’m the one who couldn’t do what Death wanted me to.”
He knew then that the only person he could depend on was himself.
“Well, the visions, they’re just...” Sam clears his throat. “When it happens it’s like I’m not—like I’m experiencing time differently, and then I can’t focus on whatever’s going on in the present.”
“Oh, uh, let me get the guest room set up,” Dean says. “Cas, you’re gonna have to bunk with me again tonight.”
“Yeah, actually, please tell her not to worry about me,” Dean said, purposely not saying Mildred’s name because of HIPAA. “You know how she is.”
The first reason is that he knows Sam’s movements well enough to be fairly confident that it’s just him.
“Hi, Hannah,” Dean greeted. “You got pronouns?”
By the time Sam gets home later in the week, Amara looks and acts about 10 years old.
Button pushes him back on the bed and rolls her body on top of his, kissing him hungrily on the mouth as she moves. After a minute, she pulls away and whispers, “Is it just me, or is there some guilt swirling around here?”
Jody shushes them again.
“You what?”
Her face dropped in horror. “Oh, god. I’m so sorry. You’ve never told
“Since when do you know so many hunters?” Dean asks petulantly.
“You need me,” Adult Amara says casually from the other side of the room. “You know I’m powerful enough to help.”
“I slept in your bed,” Cas says, still lying in Dean’s bed. “I hope I didn’t keep you up.”
“Anyway, let me know what you think of the books,” Cas said casually. “Goodbye, Dean.”
“The day we met.” He smiled sheepishly. “You were so cute.”
“Yeah but neither of us asked him to. We didn’t call him, we’ve got angel repellant carved into our ribs–seriously, it doesn’t bother you?”
“There you guys are,” Sam says cheerfully.
“What, you came to earth and grew up like a normal kid, in the ‘80s or whatever? What about the billions of years before that? Where were you?”
They made out in the kitchen for a while, until Dean got impatient and lifted Cassie up around his waist and carried her all the way to bed. In the middle of eating her out, the Thai food arrived and they took a break to eat, naked, at the kitchen table, Dean in a chair and Cassie sideways in his lap. When they were done, Dean gargled mouthwash then resumed his position between Cassie's legs.
“This is the part where you tell me you’re going to stop me,” she says, a little sadly.
“Would you two lovebirds like to share a dessert tonight?” their server asks, and Dean hides his face in his hands.
right behind him.
When Cas has a seizure, Dean puts him on his side and stays with him until it passes, even though he can hear Amara toddling down the hall and knows the bunker is absolutely not baby-proofed. Something crashes and clangs in the kitchen; Dean cleans the foam from Cas’ mouth.
“Hi,” Dean said with a toothy grin down at Castiel.
“Seriously?” Sam asks.
“I’m pregnant,” Eileen says and signs. She makes a face like she’s sorry about it.
Cas looks like he would eat angel Cas for breakfast.”
“Get out,” a familiar voice says from the other end of the library.
Dean and Cas share a look.
“Yeah.”
“What the fuck is that?” Dean shouts.
One, he can keep Lucifer away from the bunker and all the people in it.
Dean could get it up again. He experimentally touched his cock just to be sure it would respond, then he set up his camera and went live for the second time in one day.
make you come back begging for it, crawling on your goddamn knees, if you so much as consider walking out right—”
“I offered you the world, Dean. And you didn’t take it.”
Now. Now would be the time to tell him. “Cas, I’m not—I don’t really do the whole monogamy thing. I don’t know what it is you’re looking for, but—”
"But?" she cast a cautious look at him, and he shook his head.
“Right,” Dean’s voice grew hoarse. “I’m worth it and if you have any doubts, just remember that we still have a long way to go in bed and even when we go all the way, we’ll need to do it over and over again.”
By seven o'clock, he was in such a nervous state. What the mirror reflected back at him was the image of a man who had somehow lost his way in the pursuit of love. A man who was grasping at straws. A man who was decked out in a blue and purple plaid shirt, a pair of faded blue jeans, and still he felt undesirable. He didn't see anything particularly pleasing about his appearance anymore. Gone were the days when Dean really was proud of how damn good he looked. But now…
The day after, something quite unsettling occurred that perhaps would remain in Castiel’s memories forever.
And Cas…Cas couldn’t breathe. He dropped the plate into the soapy water and drowned like the sponge that was released from his grasp when Dean pressed him forward. It was so damn tormenting to feel everything behind him. Wedged between his rear, Cas felt how hard Dean was inside his pants and he wanted to turn around and kiss him but Dean wouldn’t let him.
"Tell me about this plan," he said finally, sipping coffee from the café and trying to divert his attention from Ruby's leather covered butt swaying from side to side. She was purposely trying to toy with him. Diving into the bag sitting on the pavement to collect more rolls of film.
Castiel felt like he was reaching for something in the dark and couldn’t find it. “Make your judgments from these,” he opened his mobile and showed her the messages.
“Ain’t that peachy. Bringing in a fed who ain’t local anymore because he’s been away for so many years. What the hell would he know about what happened here in the past ten years? Huh? Seems to me like this whole thing sounds fishy. For all we know, Crowley’s got his hands in many more pies.” John dusted some gingerbread cookie crumbs from his dark blue denim jeans and settled into the couch again.
"Oh, you've been watching that, have you?" Castiel's eyes sparkled as his lips stretched into a smile. "You've been perusing gay content just like I managed to do over these past few years. Understandable," he nodded for emphasis whilst his fingers curled behind Dean's right ear, "for research purposes, of course. There is nothing wrong with that except that what you see on television might not be matched to what is experienced in reality."
"No, it's adorable!" Sam insisted with a wide grin. "I like it. I really do but I don't think that telling Cas he has bed sex hair will make him forgive you. You might come off as offensive, maybe implying that he's an angel whore or something. Nah. Go deeper."
"Yes. Dean?" Castiel's warm breath brushed Dean's face and instantly their eyes became clouded by desire, their chests heaving, hearts racing.
Sam threw his hands up in the air. “I’m telling you now, Dean. Can you just get a grip and say congratulations?”
“Yeah, you fucking do, hon,” Renee mumbled incoherently to herself.
“Well, that’s OK,” Dean said, trying to sound casual despite this earth-shattering revelation. “It’s not like we need you to fix anything for us.”
“Buddy, that’s so depressing. We’ve never even hung out outside of work.”
Cas just nods minutely. A line of blood falls from his lip, trickling down his chin.
“But it’s comfortable
He pushed easily into Dean, taking his time and sighing with something like relief, one hand pressed gently to Dean’s back and the other holding his hip. He buried himself deep and then moved, thrusting in and out like they had been doing this all their lives.
As expected, Dean finds Sam in the war room with his laptop open and a mug of tea in his hand.
“No.”
After about 15 minutes, Dean turns his head and cocks an eyebrow at Cas.
Dean leans back, runs a hand up through his hair and then drops it to his knee. “Look, man, you know I ain’t good at this. But you
“I would like to ask your brother to marry me.”
Dean huffed a laugh. “That he thinks you’re playing some kind of fun game, but you would actually kill him if given the chance.”
“Hi!” Pati yelled from the living room. “I’m Pati! You’re very cute!”
Afterward, Sam and Dean eat dinner in a bar and Dean feels better than he has in months. He drinks in celebration, probably too much, but Sam doesn’t do anything to stop him and doesn’t seem too worried about it. Nothing can bring Dean’s mood down.
Dean looks at the people sitting on the porch, and one of them makes eye contact with him then looks quickly away. “It’s weird,” he says. “I’ve been hit on twice. And not by women.”
Cas excuses himself, slipping past Mary and out into the hall, and Dean watches him as his mom talks.
Dean, Mary. He’s my friend, just as Sam is.”
“Jesus, when did you become such a nagging wife?”
“Eileen picked black. I don’t know why,” Cas responds as he pulls his hand away.
Dean clears his throat. “Because, um, I raised her. She came to earth as a baby, a really fast-growing baby, and we took care of her. I was the most attached to her, most like her parent, so…”
Cas spits his own toothpaste into the sink and looks up at Dean through the mirror as he wipes his mouth. “Until the sleeves cut off circulation in my arms, I will keep wearing your shirts to bed.”
Dean slumps to the floor against the wall, as far from Cas’ bed as possible, and presses the heels of his hands to his eyes to try to calm down. He’s not sure how long he stays like that, but when he comes back to himself there’s a hand on his shoulder.
“Your brain feels better now,” Cas says. A beat of silence passes, then, “Sam said you called for me.”
There was a bar down the road from the bunker, and Dean had waited until Sam retired to his room before he went out. He met a thin woman in her late 30s with strong arms and angel wings tattooed across her chest. She had dark brown skin and short, curly hair, and when she stood from the bar to go home with him, they were eye-level. She reminded him of Pamela, with her tight black tank top and confident sexuality. Her name was Venus.
“You’re being defensive for no reason again.”
“You did,” Cas deadpanned. “But I’ll let it slide just this once, and then I’ll bring it up when you’re at your most vulnerable.”
back. Paula get home safe?”
“No! I mean, I don’t know. Both of us are cracking up, which makes me think it’s the same power working against us. I don’t know! Stop looking at me like that, I’m fine!”
“You boys aren’t FBI, are you?” she asks.
She snaps her fingers. The baby disappears out of his arms. He clenches his fists at his sides, but he can’t wipe the smile off his face.
The noise dies down abruptly, but Dean is in his own head so it takes him a second to notice it. He looks up from the stove to see Cas, his tiny body swallowed in one of Dean’s t-shirts and a pair of gym shorts. He’s copied Charlie’s method of using a hair tie around the elastic of the shorts to keep them up, and there’s a hair tie in his hair, too, which is pulled up in a very messy bun. He looks around the kitchen warily, clearly unsure where he should go.
Cas does fine until they get in the garage. He freezes about five feet away from the car Dean picked out for him, his body rigid and his eyes unfocused. Dean gets in his personal space and puts a hand on Cas’ shoulder, moving his head down just a bit so they’re perfectly eye level.
“Why the fuck are you going to gay clubs?” Cassie asked, her voice raising. “Are you bi, Ryan?”
As they walk down the hall, Dean says quietly, “You ripped your stitches, didn’t you?”
“Nah, I have to head out tomorrow morning. I’m meeting up with some guy from the Men of Letters, have they contacted you guys yet?”
“Are you gonna untie me?” Dean asked.
“So, what?” Cesar says, arms crossed over his chest and leaning back against a cracked wall. “We’re stuck here. We have no plan. Nothing you’ve tried has worked against her so far.”
“Get some rest,” Cas says casually without looking up from the book he’s holding. He hasn’t sat down since they got back.
Dean clenches his jaw and ignores him.
“OK, well, what the fuck are they doing here?” Dean asks while he sets Amara in her new chair, which is just a tiny baby seat with a tray attached, so she’s still sitting up on the counter but more safely secured now.
Everybody looks around at each other, waiting for someone to answer.
Billie leans her head back against the seat and rolls it lazily over to look at Dean. “No. You’re just a little bit tragic, and I’m a little bit bored. Don’t worry about the people dying. It’s the way the world is.”
Mary laughs in surprise and asks, “What?”
They stood up together, Dean doing most of the work of pulling Bobby’s pants up and then holding onto the waistband to help him transfer back into the wheelchair.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam said without looking up from his computer.
It’s on the pads of his fingers as precariously as it’s on the tip of his tongue. He could type it. He could ask.
“Mm. Sleepwalking, then.” Dean yawns. “Hey, Cas?”
“I did, actually. He said he was starting to feel better, and I told him he didn’t have to hang out here if he didn’t—”
Sam nods, takes in a deep breath that puffs his chest out, then he walks determinedly over to the door. As soon as he steps in, he disappears into the dark like he’s been swallowed by it. It scares the hell out of Dean, but he has to keep his cool.
“You mean like the wee-oo, wee–”
“Evening, darling,” Crowley said as they let Dean in through the side door. “I’ve made dinner for us.”
Dean rubs his hands down his back. “You sense longing. You hear it like you would a prayer.”
“Play it out loud,” she says.
Cas looks at Amara with a worried expression and doesn’t say anything for several seconds. Then, “What happened earlier? When you hung up on me?”
told someone.”
Calmly, Cas replies, “Mine and Sam’s theory is that she’s using the infection to ‘fuel’ her development. We don’t know how she’s doing it, obviously, because she is a baby, but there’s no other force currently powerful enough to do this.”
During a more complicated hunt in El Paso, both Sam and Dean almost fell for a siren. Dean’s siren, once again, was in the shape of an attractive man that attempted to woo him with beer and easy conversation.
Cas looked hopeful all of a sudden; his shoulders visibly relaxed. “Yes, me too.”
Dean:
Dean looked at him, finding only conviction in Castiel’s gaze. He wanted to reach out, touch him, hug him, but Cas was too far away. It was an insurmountable distance.
Dean smiles gently at her. He checks Cas’ pulse again, at his wrist this time, then he rests his hand over top of Cas’. He leaves it there for a second before remembering the dream and tearing his hand away. He quickly stands up from the bed to cover his error. “I’m gonna check on the kid.”
Cas nods once but doesn’t say anything.
Dean:
“Hmm. Well, uh, at least we haven’t seen another sign of Dad,” Sam says with a humorless laugh. “I’ll take the weirdness with Mom any day.”
Dean finds the angel warding pretty quickly and hopes that Cas has returned to 2016 and isn’t treading open water instead. Dean clears the warding then comes up with a plan to blend in.
After Dean hangs up, Sam says, “Eileen said Crowley and Rowena are being very polite and that we shouldn’t worry about them.”
Sam and Dean share a look.
The first night there, Dean checked his videos while Cas stood outside on the balcony talking on the phone with Jack for more than an hour.
“Did I wake you up? Dude, it’s like 8 in the morning,” Sam says.
“We want the stupid baby, you dummy.”
“You’re making the other guys feel stupid,” Gordon said. “Maybe bring a smaller book next time, something with pictures in it?”
“A lot,” Dean answered.
Chuck’s face contorts into a horrible grin as he vanishes.
“You could’ve offered to cook. That probably would’ve taken less time than Mary picking something up.”
“Isn’t that a good thing?” Sam asked.
Cas and Dean both stare at the table blankly, and Sam swears he sees blush rising on their cheeks.
“You OK?” Dean asks gruffly as he takes a tentative seat perpendicular to him.
“She is, though, Sam. She
“What else do you wanna say, Sam?” Dean asks, attempting to sound patient.
“OK, Dean, you’re going to be sore for a few days and it will be difficult to sit,” Dr. Novak explains as he continues to tend to Dean’s ass. “Fortunately the burns aren’t as bad as they could’ve been, and you don’t need stitches. You’re going to have to change your bandages fairly regularly, but the nurse will walk you through that before you leave. Do you mind explaining to me what happened?”
“You really think it’s a shit life?”
They never even bothered to tell him.
Cas pulled away from Dean and reached for his hands, turning them palm up and looking down at the burns. “Allow me.”
“So, what is it? What makes this other person better than me?”
Dean parks in a secluded area, out of the line of sight, and the three of them sneak around the back of the police cars and follow the noise until they spot a group of cops across the street with their guns drawn on a bunch of people standing in a front yard. The people are screaming and shouting and pulling their own hair out and biting one another, but they all seem like they’re stuck behind an invisible wall between them and the police.
“No.”
They stayed and helped Sam and Eileen with Jack’s future room for the rest of the morning, then they headed out to go for a walk.
As they were leaving, Dean slung an arm over Cas’ shoulders and kept him close to his side and talked his ear off about the parts of the movie he hated. Before they made it to the door, Dean made eye contact with a guy he used to know and didn’t look away fast enough to avoid talking to him.
“God, it’s good to have you back, buddy,” Dean says. “C’mere.” He pulls him against him one more time, burying his face in his shoulder since he can’t rest it on top of his head anymore.
“Dean.”
“Yeah, what she said,” Ash adds.
“It is sometimes, but boring can be good. Gives you time to, like, think about things. Time to reflect.”
Cas gets up slowly, hesitantly comes closer to Dean until he’s hovering just above him. And then he’s squatting, bringing himself down so Dean will look at him. With his eyes on Dean’s countenance, he takes Dean’s hand in both his own and brings his knuckles to his lips.
She took the glass, shock on her face as she now stood in his living room wearing her ridiculously sexy lingerie, wine glass in each hand. “No, no, no, I
Cas looks down at himself, presses his palms flat to his trench coat. He looks back up at Dean and responds, “I think so.”
“You didn’t have to do that, Benny,” Dean mumbled, avoiding eye contact as he took the pizza box and led Benny to the couch.
He was just a day of the week to Dean. He was just Thursday.
Dean shrugged. “It was fine.”
“We let him use the Hand first, though,” Rowena adds. “We summon Lucifer and the girl simultaneously and hope for the best.”
think?” Dean puffed his chest out, pushing against Cas’ hand. “You sure seem to enjoy it.”
“You’re right,” Dean replies easily. “There aren’t words, ‘cause there’s no need. You were under a spell. It’s fine.”
Sam just shrugs. “Online, mostly.”
“Uh, doc said keep off it for six weeks, but I’m sure I’ll be doing ‘as tolerated’ within a week or so. Can’t take a full six weeks off work.”
body first.”
He turns toward the war room and stops. Amara is standing on the lower level, eyes boring into him.
Renee turned toward the other woman and gestured toward Dean. “He has an OnlyFans account. He’s, like, kind of popular.” She turned back toward Dean and frowned at him. “Actually, wait, why are you even here? Surely you make enough money not to need a second job, hon.”
“What?”
“How the hell do you know—”
Dean pocketed his phone and looked at himself in the mirror, trying to get his shit together before going out to Bobby’s party.
Dean is holding T-Rex in his hand and passes her off angrily to Sam when he gets to them. Penelope is pawing at his feet and licking his ankles. “What did I say? What did I say about pets?”
“Yes. Yeah. We’re really close, but, um, yeah.”
He got robbed a couple of times, beaten up more than a couple of times, and busted by cops here and there. He met a lot of sex workers, mostly transgender women, and they helped each other out whenever they could. One woman rescued him from getting in the car with a known creep, and he returned the favor two days later when one of her friends almost fell victim to the same creep. Dean snapped his neck.
“Cas!” he yells. “Castiel, show yourself!”
Dean blushes. He halfheartedly says and signs, “No, I mean, like, when I fall asleep on the couch and he carries me to our bed.”
Everybody looked at him.
Tiffany Jackson is a YA novelist who often fucks with time and characters' perception of time, which is something I did not know until after I had written Dean having issues keeping track of time in this fic. I highly recommend her work and I apologize for spoiling an aspect of it here lmao.
“Fuck me,” Dean said, sounding more sure of himself than he actually felt. It was never how he imagined it, this confidence. He had always fantasized that Cas would be the one in control, taking charge.
“Oh yeah, it’s no problem.” He crossed the room and kissed Dean chastely. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to hurry out like this, I just...”
Sam nods at them as they leave together, both Dean and Cas moving gingerly and hovering into each other’s personal space but not quite touching.
“Why do you talk? You’re so ugly when you talk.” Dean scooted away from her and her billowing smoke. “I hate you so much.”
“You know, I had kind of a thing with Asa,” she says apropos of nothing. “This sucks so badly.”
Cas gave him a rare patient smile. “You worry about Sam, don’t you? You wouldn’t exchange your relationship with your brother for peace of mind.”
Once Cas is in the car, Dean leans over the open door and says, “OK, well. I’ll see you soon, Cas.”
Sam explains. “I think she had to see that we’re not a threat to her.”
“But until then, he’s gonna do insane shit like paint his freaking nails?”
Star Tattoo looked off to the right and made a small gesture with his hand before turning back toward the camera.
Dean tensed up, tried to hold in his anger. “No, Crowley. It’s not possible. But I’m sorry I made you believe that it was. I get—it’s confusing, when you tell me one week that it’s enough and then the next week you’re begging for more. It’s confusing, and I should've just ended it. I’m sorry.”
Dean’s phone rings less than five minutes later.
At a rest stop, they switch and Dean drives the rest of the way. They hit traffic going through the border, then they stop at the first restaurant they pass so they can get poutine. It's late in the afternoon by the time they reach the house.
Sam clears his throat.
“Oh, shut the fuck up.” Dean swallowed. “Let me tell you something, alright? You’re gonna spend a couple months having no fucking idea what to do with yourself, no clue how to cope, so you and Sam are gonna try to do some run-of-the-mill hunts, and guess what? On the very first one you’re gonna break your fucking back after being impaled on some shitty nail in the wall. You’re gonna spend six months laid up in bed feeling sorry for yourself, drinking yourself stupid, wanting to die, praying yourself hoarse to Cas, and Cas is not gonna fucking show up!”
“Everything. Thanks, Cas.” He pecked him on the cheek as Castiel picked up his empty plate.
Dean drops down into a chair across from her. “You know how I figured out that you weren’t? I didn’t tell you, did I?”
“Yeah, two,” Sam replies with a sigh. “But we got to a lot of people right on time, so that’s good. We’re splitting up today to cover more ground, and we’ve got designated leaders in the neighborhoods that are distributing the cure and keeping track of everybody’s movements so it doesn’t spread. I won’t be home for a few days at least.”
Usually by this time Dean would start asking when they would get to the goddamn point already, but his entire body felt electrified, like kissing Cas was the only thing it needed to sustain itself. After at least 15 minutes, Cas moved his mouth down Dean’s jaw, his neck, then he sucked a hickey into his collarbone, expertly placing it below the typical placement of a scrubs collar.
“No, no, no, I have to get out. I have to go.” Dean approaches the door, but as soon as his hand touches the knob the fog seeps in through the crack between the floor and the bottom of the door, and Dean can feel it crawling up his legs and into his organs.
“Maybe.” He shrugs. “I told Sam I thought the bunker was getting too crowded. I really thought I was telling the truth, too.”
“What were you doing just now? What was that thing?”
Charlie scoffs but drops the subject.
“Hello, Dean,” he says.
and I had to talk about it right away. Would you like to—”
The guy ran a hand through his long hair. “Sorry. I’m Sam, his brother. Are you his new Thursday?”
through the wall with a satisfied
Cas took a seat in the armchair perpendicular to the couch and crossed his legs. “Yes, I just needed some time. Would you like some company while your foot heals?”
Eileen leans over and kisses him delicately on the cheek. Sam blushes.
They started sleeping together before they did anything else.
Dean joined Cas on the bed, dropping his head to his shoulder and looking at the screen. It was a full-body side view picture of himself standing on a rock, his hands holding the straps of his backpack as he smiled at the view.
Dean was behind Cas, but he wished desperately that they were face-to-face. “You...forget...sex...exists…? How...the...hell…”
Dean accepted the stack of books and set them on the sideboard. “Sorry, I didn’t have my phone on me. Uh, I have company. I’m sorry, Cas.”
“I haven’t even seen him since he got back,” Charlie says unhelpfully.
“Amara,” Dean says with a fatherly power in his voice that he didn’t know he was capable of. “Amara, stop right this instant. Stop.”
“Oh, come on. You lost your Sunday, right? Ask him if he wants to come over tonight, and we’ll have steak.”
Just as Dean is going into his bedroom, Amara pops out of her room rubbing sleep from her eyes. She looks up at him, blinking awake in confusion.
They both turn, and if Dean had any feeling in his face he’s sure he’d turn bright red right now.
“So, I—I hope I’m not stepping, uh, out of line here, but when did you—when did you know?” Sam stammers. “That you were, you know, God?”
Sam squinted at him. “That’s my shirt.”
Sam’s face immediately changes to concern. “Headaches? What kind of headaches?”
It had taken all of their willpower to get in the car and drive back to the motel, and Dean had barely put her in park before dragging Cas to the backseat and messily stripping clothes off. There wasn’t nearly enough space, so they ended up rutting against each other while making out like horny teenagers, and that’s when Sam knocked on the window.
Dean wasted five minutes typing out a reply, not even bothering to take his gloves off.
They walk in silence for a second, save for Dean lightly humming Row, Row, Row Your Boat.
“I’m unfriending everyone who comments on your weight,” Cas said. “Your brother’s on thin ice.”
Dean says, “New furniture should be coming in any day now, we’ll be able to set up a few more guest rooms. You can have your pick.”
Benny:
On Tuesday, Dean assumed Bela would cancel on him due to the stunt he pulled last week, but she showed up at his door unannounced and tied him to his bed before riding him. She didn’t say a word to him even as she got close to coming and unmounted, sitting on his face to finish, then walked naked into the bathroom and stayed in there for 10 minutes. He was still tied to the bed and hadn’t come yet.
The building begins to collapse around them, sinking into the widening hole in the ground.
Dean is woken up in the dead of night by the sound of someone breathing heavily in the hallway. He rushes to his door and flings it open to find Cas on the other side, looking worse for wear and holding himself up by putting all his weight against the wall. As he staggers into the light of Dean’s room, Dean sees that the whites of his eyes are bright red, and he has blood dripping from his mouth and down his chin. Dean wordlessly helps him to the edge of the bed and then sits down next to him, keeping a hand on his back to hold him upright.
“You’re Jesse and Cesar, aren’t you?” Sam asks.
he said with a laugh.
Dean put his hands on Cas’ hips, rucking up his t-shirt so he could feel his warm skin. “I’m not actually gay. I’m bi.”
“Ow, yeah—um, that hurts.”
“Oh no, should I hide?” Pati asked. “Don’t you have a DNI rule for all of us? I don’t want a repeat of meeting your Tuesday.”
Dean rolled his eyes as he got in the driver’s seat of the Impala.
does he just
“So, uh, Cas. What happened? Why were you in the middle of the road?” Sam asks.
“Yeah, when both of you guys were worried I was going through a midlife crisis and had a secret girlfriend or whatever the fuck.”
Sam is in the corner of the room, by the dresser, shirtless and pulling a pair of jeans on.
“Wow, you guys must’ve been through a lot,” Mary says. “Do you think being confined to a human body makes time seem more linear to you? I saw parts of some angels in heaven. I mean, all I was able to comprehend was part of one limb.”
“Oooh, you didn’t deny that Eileen’s your girlfriend.”
Eileen rolls her eyes. “Yeah, perfect little angel over here has never said a mean word about anybody in his life. We get it, Jack, you’re better than us.”
When no one else is around, she asks him about Dean.
And they knew it.
“No, Dean. I’m not doing this anymore. You’ve been useless the past couple months.”
Dean and Cas ran out of the room and into the hallway, weapons at the ready. Dean made a silent signal to Cas for them to split up, but then a ghost appeared directly in front of them and they barely jumped out of the way as it charged.
Sam shakes his head. “Whoever’s giving me these visions, they wanted me to know this. What if he’s working with Amara and Rowena? We have to find him. We have to find him now.”
Hey, Dean. You did that repair at Novak’s a while back, right? He’s called like 50 times today. What? Yeah, I sent Ash. Dude, chill. What the fuck do you care? Charlie’s going back now. Oh my god, Dean, calm down. Seriously, why is this such a big deal to you? Novak cute or something? Oh shit, he
“Hello, Sam. Nice to see you again.”
He takes a couple steps toward her, closing the distance between them. “You know I would do it if I had to. If you don’t give me a choice.”
Dean excused himself from Cassie’s house and drove straight home.
tagged onto the end.
He doesn’t dream. He doesn’t wake up in a cold sweat. He doesn’t have any horrifying visions.
“OK, this one or this one?”
Dean believed Sam was right long enough to convince him to go for a run, but during mile three Dean wanted nothing more than to stop and never run again in his life. All he could think was,
Dean stares down at his phone, trying to decide what the fuck to do. Everything feels off balance, but not in the usual ways that things feel off balance. He doesn’t feel sick or like he’s dreaming, but just on edge and anxious and confused, like he’s supposed to be doing something but is stuck doing nothing.
It takes a couple minutes for him to come back to himself, the sound of his phone ringing growing louder as the world refocuses around him. He stumbles back to the Impala and digs for his phone. It stops ringing, then immediately starts again. He gets to it eventually and answers a call from Sam.
“What?” Dean and Sam ask.
When Castiel’s alarm went off in the morning, Dean belatedly realized that he hadn’t brought a change of clothes over. He quickly rolled over in bed and accidentally smacked Cas in the face with the back of his hand.
“Uh, I don’t know,” Sam answers. “I guess when you were a demon, I realized how, um, alone I was.”
in order to have some semblance of worth! Can you see? Can you see like I see? Your love—your love is broken, Dean. Cloaked in shame. It’s so cloaked in shame that you won’t even admit it, you won’t even say it, you won’t even tell Castiel—”
Charlie repeated.
They’ve got some onions and peppers and a freaking eggplant in the fridge, so Dean quickly throws together an orzo salad with macaroni noodles since they don’t have orzo. Once the steaks are thawed (in the microwave, but nobody needs to know that), he throws them on the grill, heads back inside and tells Cas to keep an eye on them. He definitely doesn’t waste five minutes passionately explaining to Cas how to make sure all the steaks turn out perfectly medium rare.
Cas stood and looked down at him with a smile. “That wasn’t so bad. I can most likely recover with just a nap.”
“No,” Sam answers definitively. “I know we’ve had our ups and downs, but I can’t imagine doing anything else.”
“I can’t believe your mother’s here,” Jody says, changing the subject. “What’s that been like?”
Billie interjects, “I don’t think that would work.”
And maybe it would be.
“I like women, too.”
Dean puts a respectful hand out, not forcing Billie to stop but asking her to. She does.
That makes Dean turn away from Cas. He glares at his brother. “And Lucifer was…?”
“What, you think I just look like this without putting in some work?”
“You OK, buddy?” Dean asked.
He grabs a change of clothes out of his dresser and goes to take a shower.
By the time he gets back inside, Cas and Amara are no longer in the kitchen. Dean opens the fridge, feels his stomach turn sour, closes it again. He calls Cas’ name as he walks down the hall toward his room. The door is half open, so Dean steps in.
“Uh, yeah, let me think about it.” Dean closes his eyes and leans his head back as Button sucks a hickey against his neck. “Um. Can’t really talk about it now, though, I’m, uh…”
Another beat of silence, then Sam asks, “Did he ever try just being himself? Like, did he ever try to just be honest with you?”
Chuck nods minutely.
“Look, you can’t be mad at me for shooting my shot, alright?” Bucky presses. “You’re Dean fucking Winchester, for god’s sake.”
“Sammy! Get back here and explain to me
“What about Chuck? You said he showed up before.”
“Wait, wait, wait, you don’t know where he is? Or if he’s even alive?”
He leaves the kitchen quickly so he can lock himself in his room and puke into his sink.
“It’s my fault, Sam,” Cas said. “I insisted on making love this morning.”
“She messes with reality, I think. You’re going to need to find a way to maintain a grip on your own reality unless you want to end up like that poor French girl in that Leonardo DiCaprio movie, oh, what was it?”
“Dean?” Jody presses.
And Dean just stands there, feeling woozy, wondering why he doesn’t feel an urgent itch to go clean Baby.
“Dean!” Charlie yells. “I’m at Clint and Ida May’s house, it’s—oh my god, it’s—”
He was stressed, and when he was stressed, he stressed-ate. He skipped the gym after work and went through a drive-thru instead, ordering an ungodly amount of cheat food. When he got home, he went over to Sam and Eileen’s and texted Eileen to let him in.
“Not usually, no. Are you sure I’m not dreaming?”
In a quiet voice, Cas asks, “Will you, um, help me leave today?” This is when he makes eye contact.
Dean moved until he was sitting upright in Cas’ lap, straddling him. He put his arms around his neck and leaned down to kiss him, soft and slow.
Sam and Cas ran back in a minute later and announced that they had to burn the house down.
“No, it’s—”
Dean wants him to look at him so badly that he can feel his blood boil, like Cas is purposely baiting him into his anger. “Well, great, and we definitely know he wasn’t lying, and it wouldn’t have been worth it to, I don’t know, bring him here and try to get more—”
There was a video of him lying on his side, holding his dick in his hand and thrusting his hips back in ecstasy like he was being fucked, and Renee had watched it…a number of times. There was just something about it—the honest way he demonstrated his want, his masculine voice and body juxtaposed with the feminine roll of his hips, the shame he clearly felt. She wasn’t sure if the shame was on purpose, but she didn’t really care. What turned her on in the privacy of her own home was her business, and Star Tattoo wanted her to enjoy him in whatever way he presented himself.
God, he was so hot and pathetic.
the life, worrying about them constantly? No thanks.”
“Well, should Eileen and I give you two some privacy then?” Dean joked.
“Is that—are
Dean doesn’t eat or drink anything else for the rest of the day.
“Wow, who’s that handsome fella?” Dean asked.
“You’re just acting different.” Sam throws a hand up, annoyed, but his nails are still painted so the gesture looks ridiculous. “You’re acting weird around him because he’s in a woman’s body. You’re the only one acting weird about it.”
“I ditched her last night,” Dean said. “She sucks so badly.”
“She’s so used to being on the road, so I don’t know. We’ll figure it out.” Sam took a big bite and thanked Dean for the food as he was chewing it. Then he said, “Has Cas been by? He told me he was helping Jack move into a dorm.”
Sam led Castiel into the living room while Dean and Eileen cleaned the kitchen. Their house, exactly the same as Dean’s but backward, was much homier and cozier than Dean’s. They had an assortment of bookshelves with various organization systems and stacks of books in all directions, an extra couple of armchairs in the living room, blankets and pillows worn and strewn about the furniture, and pictures of family all over the place.
She made a face at him. “I assure you, Dean, you don’t need to explain sexuality to me.”
When Dean turned away from the register, his eyes landed on Castiel and he smiled and winked before Castiel had time to look away.
“I would like to know anything about you that you’re willing to share.”
“She probably cyberstalked you and purposely made a trip to your store.”
What’s not fine is that I have to hear you guys shouting each other’s names all the fucking time, and – oh.”
“Come on, get in here,” Sam continues, a little impatiently. “Glad you’re back, Cas.”
wanted to know who Cas was.
“Cas.”
“I don’t want to hear it, Sammy!” He rubs her back. She rests her head on his arm.
“Yeah. Yeah, he did. After the first time, he got back in his own body and begged. Cried. Said a lot of insane shit and tried to throw himself at me.” Dean shakes away the memory with disgust. “I remember how pathetic I thought he was. I hated him.”
“I hope you find his body soon,” Ida May says. “He was so cute. Paula is a little stern-looking. Too stiff.”
The guy had shaggy light brown hair and broad, freckled shoulders that tapered down into a perfectly trim waist. When he turned to the side to walk down the burrito line, Castiel swept his eyes along his handsome profile and down his tall frame, blinking at the square-shaped muscles of his bare thighs in a pair of slightly-too-short cuffed jean shorts.
“Whoa, it’s OK. It’s OK, Cas,” Dean soothes as he helps his friend lie back against the headboard. There’s blood spreading across the inside of Cas’ white shirt, so Dean gingerly unbuttons it and finds a deep gash from his belly button to his hip. “Angel blade?”
Dean:
“No. I only met him a few days ago.”
“I wanna sleep a few more minutes. C’mere.”
She switched over to Pornhub and clicked around for a bit, looking for something to catch her fancy. She watched a couple of blowjob videos that left her yawning, so she went to YouTube to see if any of her favorite channels had posted anything new.
On impulse, he calls Crowley on his way into town and is surprised when he answers.
enjoyed yourself.”
Dean walks over to the table and takes a seat perpendicular to Cas. “Why’d you leave?”
Sam asks about Mildred, too, which makes Dean blush.
There’s the set-up, now moving onto the plot twist.
As if on cue, there was a knock on Dean’s door.
When he comes back two minutes later and sets Cas’ mug down, he briefly squeezes his shoulder before returning to his seat. Cas stupidly lifts his head and strains his neck up in anticipation of something that never comes.
had to see
Cas looks somewhat confused, but he puts the cassette tape in an inside pocket of his coat and says, “Thank you, Dean. I’ll listen to it.”
Realizing that Dean and Cas are never going to work out their shit if they never get any alone time, Sam starts to conveniently and periodically disappear whenever Cas is around.
When they get back inside, Dean sets a bunch of toys out in the library and makes sure Amara is fine playing by herself for a few minutes while he looks for Cas. He finds him slumped down in an uncomfortable armchair in his room, a dopey smile on his face while he watches some mindless TV show.
Benny scooted across the couch and took the beer out of Dean’s hand and set it on the coffee table. He then put his arms around Dean and hugged him.
It was only two tears, but still. Dean did not cry after sex.
Then, out of nowhere, a figure appears in the middle of the road, lying on their side and lifting their head up just in time to squint in the Impala’s headlights. Dean slams on the brakes and swerves to the side, skidding to a stop just a foot in front of the person. He and Sam both jump out of the car.
“Yes,” is all he says.
Crowley growled but turned on his heel and left. As he drove out of the neighborhood, he threw the food out the window, scattering it all over the street.
“OK, Dean, I think you’re all set,” Dr. Novak says after a few more minutes of silence. Dean could’ve imagined it, but he swears the doctor slides a hand up his bandaged ass cheek as he tells him to sit back up.
“I don’t know dead,” Amara repeats. “You thought often about Charlie, you missed her, you love her, so I found her and brought her here. Isn’t that what you wanted?” Her voice raises toward the end; the lights flicker.
The next couple chapters are a little shorter as I get through some plot stuff, my apologies for unreliable narration and purposely jarring pacing blah blah blah get to the gay stuff already madd
Several seconds pass. Dean waits until calm fills the entire garage, and then he lets Cas go.
“What do you mean relationship? Cas and I don’t –
“Dungeon’s fine,” Dean answers. “Let’s go.”
“Cas was kind of sick, too, wasn’t he? So you guys have been recovering together and raising Amara? Together?”
“Dude, no. C’mon. Why are you nagging me?”
“They don’t actually show it,” Dean replied. “It’s just kind of, like, heavily implied.”
“I have pajamas you could borrow.”
Dean hardly notices that it’s starting to get dark, but then it’s not just dark, it’s also foggy, but it’s not just fog, it’s white mist—
Dean sprinted back toward the fire. “Cas! Cas!” he screamed.
“Yes, I think that would suit you.” Castiel smiled sweetly at him, sincerity in every line of his face.
Dean puffs out a breath. “Shit, I don’t know. I honestly don’t know. Like, I have a sleeping baby on me right now—one of my favorite things in the world—and yet it’s taking all of my willpower to keep sitting here with you instead of going to put my stupid hands all over him.”
he said shyly.
He ends the text with an eyebrow-raised emoji.
“I meant Castiel.”
“Stop!” he shouts.
His hair was messy like he’d been lying sideways on the couch, and he was wearing blue checkered boxers and a soft t-shirt with a stylized photo of Fiona Apple on it. Dean followed him into the apartment and got a good look at his perfect ass.
Mouth full of food, Cas turns his head and kisses Dean’s temple in thanks.
Dean didn’t talk to anyone at work and nearly snapped at Charlie the third time she asked him what was up. He went to the gym in the afternoon and pushed himself so hard that he puked afterward.
Benny was quiet for so long that Dean had time to stress-eat three slices of pizza. Eventually, Benny said, “You met somebody?”
It was dumb, really. Sam had just forgotten to give T-Rex a proper bath in about two weeks, so her smell was more obvious than usual. Dean notices it when he walks by Sam’s room, so he pushes the door open and out runs the teacup Yorkie.
“Yeah, I hear you. Asa’s the second friend I’ve lost this year. Makes me wonder if I should make some friends outside of the life, like, maybe some people with safer jobs.” Bucky taps Dean on the arm. “Or maybe I should be friends with beings less destructible than humans. I bet you don’t have to worry about your angel, do you?”
This is
As the music washes over him, he closes his eyes and leans his head back as well. After a minute, a hand brushes through his hair and Dean begins to hum.
Dean sat up against the headboard and held two mugs in his hands. “If you’d open your eyes you’d see that I have it right here.”
Cas cut him off with a bruising kiss. “No, no, I definitely want.”
Cas wakes with a start, hissing a deep breath and sitting up quickly as he looks between Dean and Amara.
“Yeah, nothing too hilly though.” Dean set his phone down and looked up at Cas.
“Hello to you, too, Dean,” Claire says.
“Here, let me take a look.”
“Dean, I’m beginning to feel as if something is off,” Amara says as she starts changing her clothes.
The next time Cas saw his neighbor was the following morning while he was on his way to work. Cas was opening the door to his Lincoln when there was a loud
After Dean’s second drink, he excuses himself to his room and makes it there just in time before he starts having visions of hell. They’re clearer this time, more like memories than anything else, and the only time he sees Amara is her perfectly intact adult face laughing at him. He keeps his eyes squeezed shut and rocks back and forth on the edge of his bed, scratching his fingers against his thighs to try to stay grounded. He’s not sure how much time passes, but he thinks it’s only a few minutes before Cas knocks on his door and walks in without waiting for a response.
Why his mind had grown so fuzzy. Why he was using the word
From there, the real torment begun when Dean was maneuvered around and his cheek pressed into the tiled wall. His chest was heaving uncontrollably, flattened against the soft blue surface, a color he grew accustomed to over the years but was very prominent in front of his eyes suddenly. He couldn’t see him, couldn’t determine what the older man’s countenance appeared like, whether he was losing himself even more. But one thing was for certain; Castiel wasn’t going to embrace defeat any time soon. And still maintaining a grip on the younger man’s cock, he slotted himself between Dean’s ass and rolled his hips forward until the world around them disappeared.
"No. Had to…come out." He was so close, so dangerously close and his mind was reeling, his teeth chattering. "Cas…Fuck…"
When Ruby gestured for him to go into the room, Castiel rose up, fixed the knot on his black tie and stiffly entered through the heavy door.
He felt like a small amount of weight was lifted off his chest, but then again, the pending phone call still mattered the most. The lack of words and respect on his part, after knowing what the right thing was and doing the opposite was deserving of a scolding that Dean was too tired to receive after three successful arguments.
"Fine," Cas nodded slowly, his face stolid. And turning on the spot, he began to walk away. But whilst climbing the steps inside the bunker, feeling like he couldn't wait to rush outside and scream his anger to the sky, there were rushed footfalls behind him. And he stopped.
“Huggy bear,” Dean startled Castiel after appearing by a doorway. He cheerfully came towards the other man with a warm smile upon his face, fetching a tray that contained fine china cups and a teapot. “Good morning. Did you sleep well?”
The aftermath of the battle left them drained.
“Tell me about it,” Castiel sat down, adjusted his chair and stared at Windows booting up. “Are you done with the reports from yesterday?” plucking his yellow teacup imprinted with bees from the side of his monitor, he eyed the water cooler.
"I don't… but wait, since you've lost your grace, how do you still have them?"
Just when he believed that it would have taken a longer time for the moment to arrive, it almost happened yesterday. When he wasn’t prepared at all, would have cried, broken down and withered away from the question.
“Alright, fine,” when she removed herself and sat up, book parted on his desk, those blue eyes mellowed. “He said that he’s in love with me. That I’m handsome and smart.”
Dean drowned himself in alcohol for as long as the pain was there, and then just like that, one day he woke up and the pain was just a tickle.
Castiel snorted before he erupted laughing, a generous bout of laughter that was like the best music to Dean's ears and as he studied the wave of humor that covered the older man, he fell into the trap too. Doubling over, he gave in and chuckled before their faces flushed red and very soon, after splashing some water onto Castiel's face, he received legs wrapping around his waist and trying to tug him nearer.
"Then what do you want me to do?" Dean's eyes filled with tears. "Keep trying to have a conversation with him whilst he shuts me down? Keep trying to get to know him, keep sharing personal things about me with him so that he could hurt me?"
“I just think you deserve better than me, you know?”
Immediately, the other man tore his gaze away from the distant scenery and blinked at Dean. “Absolutely. A book with pictures and quotes. That’s lovely,” but his tone wavered and didn’t go unnoticed by his friend who stared back with worry. And there it was, the little waves rolling inside Castiel’s mind that Dean could never quite see because he was not privileged to…as yet.
“Tell your boyfriend to stop undressing women with his eyes,” Sally tried directly at Cas, who was staring at her with an unreadable expression. “Or are the two of you into threesomes.”
"You gonna open that?" Sam's voice shoved its way through his brother's haunting memories.
“No,” it was my turn to laugh as I followed the directions and my car nosed its way down the street, “I’m just a down to earth guy who’s been dealt too many bad hands myself and I still remain hopeful. Because if we don’t, then we have no reason to live. And believe me, I’ve been deep down in the gutter for too many years, struggling with depression and suicide attempts. It’s...” I swallowed because too much had been revealed and I chose to stare at the road ahead, feeling cold and clammy.
“Crawled out from under a rock, have you?” Castiel’s breathless voice suddenly startled Dean enough to steal his breath away. “Here you are,” the older man came to stand in front of him and gestured with both hands, “in all your glory looking quite well indeed as opposed to your lamentations on being entirely too frustrated to join us for dinner last night!”
"Why must people place so little faith in trust?" John asked the room, digging into the cooler for another beer and twisting the cap off. "It's when we don't trust each other, that's when things start crumbling."
Scrubbing his eyes, Dean rested his elbows on his thighs and stared at the black night barely sprinkled with stars. Castiel was drowning in so many feelings, from the actuality of the senior convincing himself that he wanted to take him to the prom. And before doing that, Dean was trying to get to know him so that this wouldn’t prove to be a whole disaster. But what if it was a disaster? What if Dean’s friends ditched him and never talked back to him because of what he would do on Saturday?
All of them laughed as the fire crackled and the soft tunes of ‘Deck the Halls’ surrounded them in the comfort of Ellen’s cottage. John was munching on honey roasted nuts and sticking close to the fire because he always hated the chill of winter. He would lament on the cold as snow was his most hated enemy and yet sometimes when a brainwave occurred, he would venture outside in the midst of it and appear equally contented.
"You had whole morning to say something. You were with me since nine and onwards and you said nothing—"
"Like he always does," Ellen nodded and winked at her friend who gazed back with wide blue eyes. "He fixes all sorts of things. He bakes, he cooks, cleans, does plumbing, works on his car, paints, mows the lawn, shovels snow, does shopping…the perfect husband, ain't he, Cas?"
“Cas,” Dean whispered, obviously breathless and dazed by the profound heat emanating from between them, the way their bodies just ignited from the passion burning up like fire.
Castiel nodded, hands clasped behind his back. "Yes, if you would like that too."
"Are you sure?" turning back to the kettle, the older man retrieved it and gently tipped the spout closer to a small teacup. "It doesn't seem like you preferred anything else."
“I don’t have time for this. Get up,” he cut her off and strode to Sally’s desk. She stared at him coming like a deer in the headlights. “You too. Both of you.” By then, Ruby was back to filing her nails with a smug look. “Get the hell out of my sight and report to Ellen. You’re not coming back without a clear understanding of what the fucking chain of command means around here and how important it is to do your damn jobs. Now!” he fired back as one lazily rose up from her desk and sauntered away and Sally hopped after like lightning was firing behind her.
“Really?” Castiel was mildly surprised that someone would actually comply when he was hoping to push in a lot of handsy action before turning eighteen at least.
“You could practice, since perfection takes time. Of course,” rising off of the bed, the older man smiled wryly, “I wouldn’t hold my breath waiting on the frequent use of
It was an estranged Claire, on the doorstep downstairs and very much ravished by tears to even complete her sentences. Her appearance was ragged, red leather jacket twisted and the lapels dangling every single way. Her blonde hair was wild as always and eyes blotched by running mascara and eyeliner when she tumbled into his arms and because he was a little bit familiar with the downstairs of the mansion, Dean dragged them both into the extensive living room.
After he protested against it though, she was left with no choice but to reach out and yank him into the apartment. The security details followed immediately but when they noted that there wasn’t a threat in sight apart from Ruby, approval was sought from
Castiel rolled over at a half past seven the following morning. Groaning, he crawled towards the bathroom, took a shower and went down for breakfast instead of holing up in his room.
“Cas, no,” his husband whined, a cute puppy expressing crossing his handsome face as he pleaded. “Don’t. I need you now.”
"Dean, I…" and Cas stopped because he couldn't say anything else. The things he wanted to say were too private. None of his heart songs required an audience. And because he lacked words in such a crucial moment, he saw the anger flash behind emerald eyes and his face contorted.
After the call ended, Jess was briefly updated as the two of them entertained a hushed conversation in the kitchen and after returning to the living room, they gazed at the sleeping form of Dean. Curled up in a comma, he seemed peaceful if not for the turmoil going on inside his head, evident to Sam who tucked the blanket around him after pulling off his shoes. Then because his older brother did the same thing for him when they were teenagers, Sam collected another blanket from his wife and settled into the other couch with a bucket nearby. He also rested a towel on the arm of the chair and a bottle of water, just in case Dean woke up with the urge to vomit.
All through the day after he walked past us like we were invisible, both of us actually turned to each other and communicated our woes silently. Because on a floor filled with thirsty ears, no one could determine who was on who’s side at that point.
“I’ll have a fruit punch, that is, if you two are finished,” Cas said after clearing his throat. He smiled up at Jo who winked at him openly. To an outsider it would seem as if she was flirting, but she was already spoken for, by a certain redhead that drooled over any piece of technology.
Crowley chuckled as if it was the funniest statement in the entire universe and then he boldly reached out and collected the empty glass from the younger man's grasp. "Self-denial does not wear well on you, Dean. Men like you are too astonishing even to yourselves to realize the truth and when you do realize it, you're living in a cottage somewhere with a boring lass and lots of children."
“Assbutt,” Castiel collected his wit, tugged the oversized grey sweater low enough to cover the empty loops on the waist of his jeans and sighed. “Here goes any chance of me keeping my sexuality a secret.”
“Dean?”
"About us mostly," Dean supplied, flexing his fingers and realizing how in these crucial moments, the circulation of blood seemed to cease through hands that longed to touch. To close the distance. To feel. "In case you didn't notice, I've been thinking about us a lot lately, Cas."
The feeling was euphoric and as much as he wished for them to return to the desk or the meeting room, his knees were too weak to relocate. So the only option left was to fall prey to Dean’s passion that always bubbled over like a fountain.
Dean’s face was so flushed, he could feel the warmth creeping down his neck but laughed regardless. “Oh, I bet one or two of them probably enjoy a good vibrator that’s tucked away somewhere in their nightstands. Man, this is…I thought this kind of place only existed in movies! Look at all this stuff!” he shyly plucked up a box and spent a considerable amount of time perusing the likes of a fleshlight for the first time in his life. “I feel so…uneducated.”
“What?”
When it came time for goodbyes, the silent woman gave Dean a poignant look before she did such a strange thing that Dean didn’t have time to stop her. She reached for the collar of his shirt and yanked it down to reveal his anti-possession tattoo, then she gasped and put her hands over her mouth.
“FOR GETTING LAID.”
“Oh,” Cas breathed between their mouths.
Dean:
Dean folds an entire basket full of clothes before he answers, daring Sam to give up and leave. When he doesn't, Dean asks, “Do you wanna know what happened between me and Crowley when I was a demon?”
Jesse and Cesar have a lot of questions after that, so they spend the rest of the drive catching them up to speed.
*****
“Uh, you got any booze? Oh, right, you don’t drink. Tea’s fine I guess.”
Cas looks at him with a hard expression. Their faces are only an inch from each other. Cas’ eyes flicker down to Dean’s mouth and then back up.
Dean clears his throat. “Well, uh, so Chuck didn’t want me to use that...skill. Which means I
His smile widens. “You’re lucky I’m patient.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I’m better now,” Cas says confidently. “What’s our plan to stop Amara?”
Dean bit his bottom lip, overcome with affection. “Look, man, I like hanging out with you. But I have a lot of other people in my life, and I’m not, uh, interested in giving those people up, you know?”
“Yeah. Yeah, got it.”
“Dean,” Cas says quietly. “It’s fine. Like you said, I can stay awake—”
“Oh. Oh, sorry,” Renee said. “I wasn’t trying to...god, I’m sorry. Thank you for, uh, saving my life in there. Um, could I get a picture with you and Cas?”
Dean’s got a goofy grin on his face when Cas pulls back, and he clears his throat shyly and darts his eyes around the classroom. “Um, sorry, everyone. Uh, just going to – talk to my husband for a couple minutes,” Dean stutters, and it’s perfect.
Silence.
Dean squeezes Cas’ belly and presses long, slow kisses to his neck.
Dean put his hand to Cas’ face, delicately, like he might disappear if he touched him too much. “Cas.”
The memories kept coming back to Dean, the changed timeline, his past self defeating Chuck and immediately telling Jack that he had to bring Cas back because he never got the chance to tell him he loved him, too. Then—still getting hurt on a hunt, still needing time to process and adjust, to give up drinking, learn how to accept Cas’ love and to love Cas properly in return—but easier this time, because Cas was there. Cas gave him space and time, all while loving him and taking care of him.
She was 39 years old and hadn’t had sex in a few years, due to a number of reasons that she didn’t want to explain to a potential sexual partner—most notably bottom surgery, then a cancer diagnosis. Her cancer was gone, and her cunt was perfect, so she should probably get back out there at some point. Until then, though, her hand, vibrator and amateur porn would do.
“Look at me. I’m old, I’m fat. I don’t need to be doing this shit anymore.”
“I’m sorry, you got any better ideas?” Dean snaps. He glares at Sam then heads down the hall toward Charlie and Cas.
“Your mother’s on her way to the bunker now,” Dean says. “She found out about Amara.”
family, so…what you said…it’s not – it doesn’t – you’re not trying to take it back, are you?” What the fuck – that’s not what he meant to say at all.
She turns her head to the side and smirks, almost regretfully. “You never had a daughter, Dean.”
Heat needlessly rises to Dean’s cheeks. “You don’t wanna know,” he mutters.
Dean opens his eyes.
Cas places a gentle hand on Dean’s bare hip and rubs his thumb in circles against his skin. “I just think...I think about how perfect Jack is, and how if I was still an angel and could’ve borrowed a female vessel for a while, then maybe we could’ve…”
Dean pushed his butt back and wiggled it a little until he felt Cas’ morning wood between his cheeks. The first time Cas had said “make love,” Dean had cringed and blushed, but then Cas had shown him with his mouth and his hands and his body and his heart what he had meant by that, and it really was the only way to describe what sex with Cas felt like.
Dean turned sad eyes on Cas, longing to be tucked up next to him on that couch. To Sam, he said, “Nah, I’m gonna stay here with Cas.”
Castiel sat and crossed his legs.
“No. I don’t know,” Dean said. “I’m not giving up any of my other people for him.”
He couldn’t get hard again right away, so he just dealt with feeling horny with a soft dick while he tried to learn some basic video editing skills. He didn’t have to do much to the video because all that really mattered was that his dick was huge and he was hot. His body wasn’t smooth and young like he wished it was, but that didn’t matter so much.
She winked at him then raked her eyes over him. “Take a seat and relax. I need to finish my makeup.”
Cas clasps his hands on the table and looks curiously around the kitchen as if studying it.
Cas stroked a hand down Dean’s face and looked at him reverently. “What I want more than anything is to hold the whole of you in my heart, Dean. Anything you share with me only makes me love you more completely.”
“Terrible.”
“Oh shit, sorry,” Dean mumbled as he sat up. “You didn’t have to—you could’ve woken me up.”
“I would know if he was dead,” Dean says on automatic, no hesitation, even though it’s something he’s never actually thought about until it came out of his mouth. He knows the truth of it even if he doesn’t understand it. “If you hear anything, call me. Please.”
So he does it. Or he tries to. He reaches around Cas’ back and makes it halfway to his shoulder before aborting, choosing instead to give him a few friendly pats and a circular rub against his trench coat and then putting his hand back on his sandwich where it’s safe.
“Cas, are you OK? Did you not—” Dean cuts himself off as he gets to the kitchen and sees Cas, his Cas, sitting at the table. Claire’s sitting across from him.
In the end, they only made it about three miles. Dean was sweating bullets and felt like he had run a marathon, so he figured that was enough of a workout for the day.
Dean got his bottle of psyllium husk caps out of a cabinet then took a ginger seat at the kitchen table. “I think what you meant to say is that you’re super jealous of how awesome my life is. Ow.” He pressed a hand to the side of his neck, trying to find the most painful hickey. “Where’s Eileen?”
“Oh.” Dean relaxed, settling his hands on Cas’ hips. “Um, bottom.”
Dean and Sam share a look. Whatever happened to Cas, it’s making him act weird.
Dean panics. He must still be in a dream, but he doesn’t exactly feel the way he did when he was in a dream, and adult Amara hasn’t shown up yet. He blinks several times in a row, then takes a step back from Cas and tries to play it off like everything is fine. Cas just smiles and
Friday
When they get back to the bunker, Clint is back and he and Ida May are with Charlie in the library figuring out what to do about their house. Sam and Eileen are at the war room table doing research to see if Amara has reversed or corrected any of the chaos she caused.
That is, until one day Sam walks into Dean’s room without waiting for a “come in” and finds Dean and Cas–
Cas replies within 10 minutes.
“Sam!” Dean and Eileen yelled at the same time.
Dean’s heart lurched.
“Yeah, but no more lying.” She gave him a pitying look then reached up for a hug.
Mom, you’ve never seen
She shrugs and reaches up to grip one of his wrists, rubbing her thumb over his skin in reassurance. “I don’t know. I was enjoying the empty nothingness of death, and then suddenly I woke up across the street from here.”
“Go for a run if you want, Dean,” Cas called from the couch. “I’ve got another hundred pages of this book.”
Dean and Mary laugh some more as they navigate around each other to set the table. When Sam comes in and asks what’s funny, they shrug him off.
And then, naturally, everyone breaks off into their own conversations: Sam and Eileen, Mary and Ida May, Charlie and Clint, Dean and Cas.
“Well, that depends on what it is. I ain’t exactly a good confidant.”
“Why are you all here? Did the ghost drag you in?” Dean asked the group as he checked all the salt lines.
Amara crawls over to his lap. He falls asleep before Steve has figured out all the clues.
The day that Cas comes back, Dean is in the garage sweating under the chassis of the Impala. There’s nothing wrong with her, but working on her usually makes him feel better.
Cas blinks, confused, then holds his left hand out for Dean to view.
“Uh, almost a decade.”
“Yeah, sounds good.”
“Well, yeah, but only slightly gayer than he used to act.”
After work, he went to the gym and held up
Crowley nearly gets killed.
He used both hands, one on his cock and the other in his ass. He turned to his side on the bed, and it was impossible to see everything he was doing, but it didn’t matter. He held up a medium-sized dildo and hissed when he pushed it in.
“Oh, good,” Dean said. “Good to see you happy, Crowley.”
Dean just sighs in response, then he gets up and moves to the bed. He sits on top of the covers and leans his back against the headboard and looks at Cas expectantly.
“What?”
was that?” Dean asks like he just saw a rodent.
“Yeah. Good job.” A leaf crunches loudly beneath Sam’s foot. “Except, the one time we fought a siren he wasn’t a hot chick.”
“You don’t have to patronize me, Dean, I know you’re used to—”
Dean laughs as Cas expands his big stomach out and pulls at the fabric of the tank top to make it tight.
“No, we’re fine.” Dean thinks about Button kissing his neck while he was on the phone with Cas. There’s a pang in his chest. “We were totally fine, and then he just up and left. I mean, we had
Like how Chuck really did choose to be born on earth as a person: a living, breathing human being. One hundred percent God, one hundred percent man, and he had to learn everything just like everybody else has to.
“O...K. Bye, Cas.”
“Yeah, she sucks,” Dean confirmed. “Where’d you run into her?”
Dean smiled and kissed him. “Hey, you wanna know something?”
He closes his eyes and sighs. “Family’s complicated. Just because I love my dad doesn’t mean I ever want to—to see him again, to deal with him the way he was when he was...I don’t know. You don’t always have to get along with family, sweetheart.”
“So should I call off my assassins, or tell them to move faster? Which would you like?” Crowley asks.
She smiles at him. “Yeah, I thought so. I’m sorry, Dean. For the choices you’re going to have to make.”
Dean looks at her, surprised. “Can you make it stop?”
“Your what did what?”
While Dean holds Amara in a bear hug, Cas uses his grace to clear enough of the greenery away from the Impala so they can get inside. Amara repeats over and over again that she can fix it, but she lets Dean hand her off to Cas so he can keep a hold on her in the backseat while Dean drives over the broken road and back toward the bunker.
When he wakes up, his head is still pulsing but not unpleasantly so. He’s lying on his side in his bed, and Cas’ face is right in front of him, both of his hands hovering around Dean’s head but not quite touching. He’s kneeling next to the bed with a look of intense concentration, but it wavers once he sees that Dean is awake.
“Guys, you’re going to freeze out here,” Sam’s sleepy voice calls from the motel door.
And Rowena is gone.
He drives too fast, the overgrown trees and brush a blur on either side of him. It’s the middle of the day—he doesn’t know what day, because he was in the 1940s just a few hours ago—but there are very few cars on the road. About 10 miles out from the bunker, he says, “Billie.”
Amara turns back toward Dean and says, “We’re going. I may not see you for a long time.” She reaches a hand out as if to touch him, but there’s too much distance between them and she aborts the movement. Changing her tone, she says, “When I brought you Charlie, I didn’t understand what I was doing. I’m sorry I used her against you, that I threatened to take her away from you.”
Warning for Dean self-harming as a coping mechanism, just a small mention of it toward the very end of the chapter.
“We’re not a threat right now though. She needed to see us weak, I think. I don’t know. The visions are confusing.”
“Hey, we like being around you,” Sam says cheerfully. “Sure, our lives aren’t always peaceful or relaxing, but I totally get where Paula’s coming from.”
“I’m Renee,” she said. “You’ve spent so much of my money on dildos.”
“Whoa, whoa, scroll back up,” Dean says, moving his hand in a scrolling motion.
“Yes, well, hiking is different than running. We can go back.”
Dean gave him a nervous smile. “Yeah, uh, I’ll be fine.”
Sam says, “We’ll explain everything to you.”
“Of course not, Cas.”
Dean peers out the door and spots his mom scoping out the room, taking in the unmade bed.
“What do you want,” Dean says in a level tone—it’s not a question.
And Dean shouldered his way through the closed door and stumbled and fell into the grass outside.
When a knock broke them out of their reverie, they both jumped in surprise. Dean looked around, noticed the angle of the light coming through the window and determined that they had been reading together for at least two hours.
“No,” Mildred says confidently. “The person I saw here wasn’t a ghost. She came back to life.”
“I know I do,” Eileen said. She and Sam were sitting together at the little table by the door.
Dean:
Dean thinks he’s imagining it at first, but then he sees Cas standing outside the window in the middle of the night and decides to go out and see for himself if he’s really there. It’s raining, but Dean doesn’t care.
In his half-sleep, he lost some of his inhibitions. When he woke up at a loud part of the movie, his head was pillowed on Cas’ thigh. Cas was sitting perfectly still and straight, one hand resting delicately against Dean’s shoulder.
They keep makeshift first aid kits all over the bunker, including under Dean’s bed, for exactly this type of situation. Dean uses a curved sewing needle to suture wounds, because it moves with his fingers easier than a straight needle, so he pulls one out and sterilizes it before carefully sewing Cas up.
Dean lived in a townhouse five minutes away from the Chipotle. They lived in a crowded city, but not so crowded that a single man couldn’t afford a two-bedroom townhouse by himself.
“Dean—”
Winchester Wel – carpentry? No, we only do metalworking. I’m sorry, ma’am. Yes, ma’am. Have a nice day.
“Castiel.”
“What? We do?” Dean asks.
After a moment, Cas follows him. He hesitantly gets in on the passenger side and hands the tape over to Dean.
Dean pouted. “Exactly. I don’t want feelings.”
“I could take the bomb, too. I could go with you,” Cas says.
“I mean, right now. Currently. I just—I need some sleep.”
“Whoa,” Dean interrupts. “Oh my god.” He watches as Amara opens her mouth wide and four tiny little white teeth appear out of her gums, two on the top and two on the bottom. “OK, she, um, definitely has some agency. And knows what we’re saying.”
“You felt guilty if you had sex?”
She keeps shouting, but she’s lost some steam. “I offered you everything you want! Why didn’t you take it? Why are we doing this?”
“You two are up early,” Dean says with a yawn as he pours himself a cup of coffee. “Cas, I didn’t even notice you getting out of bed this morning.”
Dean kissed him again and reached around him to grab his ass, bringing their crotches together. He rolled his hips once and bit Benny’s lip. “I’ll get it. You finish your game.”
“I won’t be able to,” Dean’s traitorous mouth says.
Cas quirks an eyebrow at Dean. “I’m very old. And I’m an angel. Sometimes I have responsibilities with other supernatural beings.”
Cas frowned at him, the ever-present sadness somehow growing even sadder. “Jack is only an hour or so from here. I need to stay near him, for strength and because I…”
Dean huffed a laugh. “Gotta be. Going to Mykonos with a few buddies in a couple months.”
needing it. When he gets in it, he drinks in the scent and caresses the wheel. Aside from the radio he had installed, he’s done all the repairs and maintenance himself.
Dean loves cooking. He’s good at it. Not because he was trying to imitate his mom or take care of his little brother – even though those things are true – but because he just loves cooking. And that’s something he can share with his mom, show his mom, because they don’t have it in common.
“Yeah, I’m, like, two weeks late.” She opened Dean’s pantry and grabbed a giant bag of granola. “And I’m so goddamn hungry. At first I just chalked it up to being fat, but this is like a next level hunger.” She shoved a handful of granola in her mouth.
When Sam returns, it’s with a two-liter of coke and a pitcher of ice water. Nobody says anything about it.
Cas picked up the pace, sliding his thumb over Dean’s tip and moving his hand faster, and then thrusting harder and deeper until finally coming inside Dean.
“Hm.”
Dean muttered a “never mind” and changed the subject.
Amara looks at each of them individually. Then she says, “You’ve all been to other planes besides earth. Have you all met this Death?”
Cas groaned. A weapon made a clinking sound against the floor, then Cas’ hands were sliding up the back of Dean’s shirts, fingers digging into his skin to bring him closer.
“Sammy, you’re the best brother in the world,” Dean said stupidly as he and Cas struggled out of the backseat, holding their clothes half-on, shirts and overshirts and jackets in hand and jeans unbuttoned. Dean dragged Cas by the hand up to their room.
“Yeah, obviously not as well as shaking your ass online, huh?” Sam said, his face lit up like it was Christmas morning.
“Amara. This is not OK,” Dean says, staring at her.
“I wasn’t following you around,” Eileen says. “This happened to be the first place I snuck into to try to figure out what’s going on, and in walk you two. Tell me why I should trust you.”
They’re still sitting in the car. Dean puts his hand on the door handle, anxious to get out.
bruise. Fess up.”
At first it was a middle-of-the-night thing, where one of them would sneak across the hall into the other’s room and crawl into bed without waking the other up. Then they’d wake up in the morning, get up immediately, and go about their day like nothing had happened.
“Oh. Um. Go ahead and finish it.” Dean stood and patted Cas’ shoulder on his way out of the room. “I’m hitting the sack. Night, Cas.”
Free will means death and destruction and chaos and pain.” She crouches down and puts her hands to the earth once more. “I can fix it.”
“What the hell are you talking about, Sam? Are you asking me if I’d be banging Cas if he was a woman?”
Dean’s head is pounding, and domestic visions of Cas are still swimming in his vision, and he feels completely hopeless, and he desperately wants to kill something, so he says, “I’m fine.”
“What? Did we—I’m sorry, Cas, I gotta get going.” Dean stumbled up from the bed, looking around the room for his clothes, but he stopped when he caught Cas staring at him. “Cas.”
“Well, not
"God, you're so shallow!" Sam said in disbelief. "Go deeper than that, Dean!"
"Wildly mysterious and sexy as hell," Sam laughed and it was catchy to the other man who smiled from ear to ear. "But nevertheless, you're not what John expects. You're a commoner. You're an American and worst of all, you're a dude."
“Dean, what is it?” Castiel asked softly, as the wind lightly flapped the bottom of his trench coat, brown tie twisted in the wrong direction and not a crease on his shirt or pants.
"Castiel!" he cried hoarsely, dying through every second inside as the worst kind of doubt settled in and poisoned him slowly.
“See that?” Mala scowled at Sam. “That’s so romantic, the way they kiss and hold onto each other. You would rather hold onto your salad than me. And I’m a meal all by myself.”
“That’s the thing though. It’s not about saying just three damn words. We’ve said that before to each other for years now. Back when I was a kid, I used to tell him I love him all the damn time when he gave me books. Now though, it’s more than that.”
“It’s highly possible that it’s been killing these people then stealing their credentials,” Sam thought out loud, trying to do a bit of digging into each of the victim’s personal lives. “Says here that Miranda Smith never showed up for a date at a local pub. When her boyfriend went to check on her, he found her body in the alleyway right next to the pub, stripped of her wallet.”
For quite some time, I remained silent. Trying to mull things over? Was that even possible at that point? The blaring truth was right there all the time. But the more I thought about it, the more I, Castiel Novak, realized that it was better to let it out than keep it in. Our father, Zachariah preached that when we were growing up, the emptier our conscience was, the purer our hearts and lives would be.
Cas makes a confused face before his eyes widen and he walks over to Dean with purpose. He stops right in front of him and smiles softly. “No, Dean. I don’t need anything. Thank you.” He puts a hand to Dean’s shoulder, then he leans forward and brushes a kiss against his cheek.
While Mildred tells them about a ghost she saw several years ago, Sam’s phone rings and he excuses himself out of her apartment. As soon as he leaves, Mildred smiles softly up at Dean and offers him a cup of coffee, then she doesn’t wait for his answer before going to her kitchen and pulling out two mugs.
“Oh. So you two really are just friends?”
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean answers.
Amara closes her eyes. “I touched her neck, petting it, and in an instant I recognized my hunger and I snapped her neck with my hands. I consumed her entirely. And I knew—I know I’ve consumed more than a deer. I’ve killed people. I’ve hurt people.” She opens her eyes; her pupils are blown wide as she looks at Dean with a desperate expression. “But if I could spread, if I could extend myself, then I could take everything in. I could consume it all. And it wouldn’t be death, it would be life.”
“If you want to be a guy who has sex with old ladies, you can do that. Nobody’s stopping you.”
It was 6 p.m. Chipotle rush-hour and Castiel had his drink cup halfway to his mouth as he squinted at a guy currently ordering two burritos.
“Huh.”
“Get the fuck out of here,” Dean commands. “Whoever or whatever brought you here, I don’t care. I don’t trust you. Leave.”
Cas xo:
Charlie looks at him a little awkwardly. “Well, I just spent, like, 20 minutes telling you about the girlfriends I had before I died, so I was asking you if you wanted to maybe talk about any girlfriends you had before any of the times you died. You know, just to balance the conversation out a little bit.”
“I PRN at your SNF,” Cas said somberly. “Not very often, but I saw you there one time and stalked you on Facebook.”
“Yeah, bye, Cas.”
“Cas head out?”
“Are you a lesbian?” Eileen asked.
Dean’s heart constricts at the mention of Charlie; Amara shifts and fusses against his chest. He says, “After what I—you’re apologizing to
“Yeah, we’ll head out this morning,” Dean says quickly. “Text us all the info you have. Bye, Cas.”
“We’re celebrating by painting each other’s nails,” Charlie interrupts again. “Only girls allowed. Mary, Cas, let’s go. Party starts now. Dean, bring us snacks.”
“Well, next time you’ll know what to do. You’re a hot piece of ass, buddy. It won’t be the last time somebody flirts with you.”
“Happy to help, darling,” Crowley responds, smoke billowing out of his nostrils.
“Give me just one second,” Cas replied, thumbing at a pair of socks.
“Fine. I’ll go work out at home,” Dean said.
“—Answers,” Dean finishes lamely. “What the hell.”
“Please don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about. I’m not stupid. You don’t have to keep your relationship a secret.”
It’s all very easy.
“Eileen texted me.” Cas set his things on the coffee table. “What’s your weight bearing status?”
“Oh, like
Dean blows out a ring of smoke and flicks the end of the cigarette, holding it like it’s a blunt. “Yeah, that really hits the spot, I’m not gonna lie.”
Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean puttered around the kitchen while he waited, tempted by the assortment of sugary cereals Cassie kept on top of her fridge, but he thought about Mykonos and was able to resist.
“Hmm,” Dean grunts. He lets Amara walk unsteadily over to the fridge with him.
Dean spends the next several minutes in shock.
At the top of the landing, Dean turns to Sam and makes him stop in the hall. “You were a kid, Sammy. You were just doing what you thought was best for you.”
“Uh.” Sam shifts from foot to foot. “Are you sure nothing’s up with you and Cas? I mean, since she—he’s in Paula, it’s just been…”
“Yeah, uh, that would be great, Cas.” Dean closed the distance between them but stopped right outside of Cas’ personal space.
“Baby, we’re not supposed to scare him, c’mon,” Clint whispers, pushing Ida May toward Sam and Amara.
They smile shyly at each other. Cas eventually moves Dean’s hand up to his mouth and kisses his knuckles. “I’m not too gay for you, am I? My mannerisms don’t bother you?”
Dean only eats two pieces of plain cheese pizza over the span of two hours, and his body is able to accept it without incident.
“Well. I think,” Cas answered. “Jack is enrolling in a community college.”
Dean pulls back just enough to look at his face. Cas’ eyebrows knit together.
“I wish you’d stop watching the bunker,” Dean says. “Don’t you have better fucking things to do besides stalk me?”
“So, um.” Sam cleared his throat and set a mug in front of Castiel as he joined him at the kitchen table. “Have you talked to him?”
Dean feels like he should put up more of an argument, but everybody seems so calm and nothing makes sense after what he and Cas just went through. But then Cas comes out of Amara’s room and even he seems unbothered, though a bit weary and heavy-limbed.
"Cas", Sam began to read in a mocking tone, "I just couldn't do it, could I? I couldn't tell you exactly how I feel because eve I don't understand any of it. First of all," Sam flicked back his hair and supplied a scowl, "he understands every bit of it. He knows what's up since you
to be touched. So much, that I entwined my fingers with his own, folding them over his hand that remained on the door handle. I did it willingly and as my bag slid off my shoulder and dropped to the tarmac. Knowing what I wanted and trying to fight the urge to get it was so nerve-wrecking, but it was there. The adrenaline rush powered me up enough and I guided his right hand lower.
“It’s not funny!” Castiel scolded, poking Dean’s thighs through his hot dog pajamas and feeling nothing but muscle. “You’re quite aware of how I’m tormented by you. Every single inch of you that I haven’t seen as yet. I want to see what’s underneath your damn clothes.”
“You’re such a bossy husband,” Dean tugged the other man closer to him and they both stepped back into the room crowded with people who immediately noticed them and smiled. Gabriel waved frantically and Ruby laughed.
"Because you are everything I ever wanted. You're wise beyond your years, funny, humble, tattooed, domesticated, can cook, likes everything spotless, doesn't drink, has a huge heart…you're so sexy and your cock is beautiful and your ass in jeans turns me on," Castiel thumbed Dean's right nipple and his cupped fingers caressed the deep blush settling on the younger man's face. "You're so talented with a guitar, a piano, writing poetry, prose, kids, teenagers, having mature conversations with fucked up adults. Your belief in the extra-terrestrial, supernatural, folklore, all of it just makes me fall so desperately in love with you."
Quickly collecting his satchel and weakly reaching for his novel, Castiel felt the walls pressing in around him as his boldness still suffocated any feeling of composure.
“Dean,” he sounded so lifeless and really and truly didn’t know how to feel or what to think anymore.
Castiel sighed and sought out Sister Francis' attention before he provided some clarity. "I’m afraid that he has always been terrified of you since he was a boy. He is of the impression that you would come to get him if he ever behaved badly."
Right. Dean inwardly shook his head and sighed. He stared at the wall in front of him and thought of nothing more than forever being considered as the broken mistake in John's eyes. "Thank you."
Dean kissed him like he had promised. He kissed him long and deep until Cas softened in his arms. And then…
Not this again. I wasn’t schooled to blur the lines between my boss and caring for someone who obviously needed help.
"Hello," Cas' gravelly voice greeted from behind.
In that moment though, as Dean turned from collecting a bag in Jess's arms and cast his gaze on the older man, he stopped to admire the softened scene. The warm glow on Castiel's face was too glorious to miss and he was such a natural with children that Dean felt a little pang inside his chest. He couldn’t help it, becoming too familiar of the truth; that he would never be able to gift Castiel with a child of their own. They would adopt most definitely, but just the thought of a baby sharing their genes, created from their union would have been such a beautiful miracle. And now, he would have to learn to be contented with the way things would naturally happen despite the modernized definitions of a family.
, Cas?” Dean gazed at the older man’s adorably frustrated expression as he hung over the counter and awaited the cashier to complete the transaction. “You sure you not missing anything else?”
“Why that one though? You hooked on the plot or is it more like your favorite because of Bilbo, the character?”
“That is quite an injustice.” He could never forget the fire in John’s eyes like a large cobra ready to strike.
“Dean, remind this fire spitting dragon why you dumped her ass,” Benny smiled stiffly. “Wasn’t it because she was cheating on you with Clarke’s brother?”
The warm embrace was deserving because he really needed to ease the tension between them, he wrapped his hands around his friend's waist and tugged him in nearer than any of their other normal hugs. A sense of protectiveness washed over him, knowing well enough that this wasn't familiar but also new. This was phenomenal to be so near to another man and experience the jittery feeling of dipping his toes into soft sand. And in that moment, the pieces were drawing closer together but never quite fitting entirely.
“At least tell me where we’re going,” Castiel’s tone always softened when they spoke. “So that I can dress appropriately.”
What?
“Very funny.” Castiel squeezed the senior’s right arm and smiled.
All it took was one wrong sentence to be strung out and the boat would continue to sink, the possibility of dying out so fast vexed Dean so much that he couldn’t believe how fragile love could become. He couldn’t understand how they could have perfect moments that were suffocating from bliss, promises and dreams and then all of it could die in an instant. All of the times they gazed at each other and believed that true love existed, their songs together, their unspoken poetry of love. And now all Dean felt was his heart racing, especially after the instance of them both resting their hands down on the seat provided enough clarity that the inch of space between their fingers was like fate.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. "Angels don't make deals."
“I know,” Dean sighed, throwing an arm around her shoulder. “It’s just something that I need to handle on my own but don’t worry, I’ll come to you if I need help. Just let’s enjoy tonight. It’s Christmas!” he rushed forward and held out his arms with a wide smile that felt forced rather than genuine. “The best season of the year, Charlie. Can’t you feel it?”
He straddled Dean’s hips, and with their lips seeking a deep kiss again, Cas ran his fingers through the soft feel of the other man’s hair. Wanting and knowing what he wanted. Tasting apples and beer and feeling every single shudder from Dean’s body.
“You don’t have to thank me,” Dean’s voice was uneven as he squeezed their fingers together. “I’d do anything for you.”
But now; his eyes, his hair, his voice and hands? Dean really thought that he could reflect a storm in his eyes? That he had soft hands? Why had he decided to tuck these little things away until now? Why had he even been jealous of Meg when his importance in the angel's life withstood everything else?
Ruby had left to help an old woman not too far away since she was down with the flu. And her aunt was in the kitchen preparing supper and humming to herself.
“We did,” Cas was holding his breath as he sat up too. Why was he feeling so frightened?
“Can we go somewhere else and talk?” Dean discovered that his voice was cracking under a burden of emotions and his hand was acting on its own will, like a moth to a flame. “My dad keeps looking at me like he’s ready to marry me off to you any time now.”
“Heartbreak.”
"Not going to happen. Nope. No way," Dean detached their hands, cleared his throat and pushed open the car door, then he stepped out.
The angel stopped fidgeting and his chest heaved uncontrollably. "Really, Dean?"
“Kind of like Claire,” Jody sighed, sipping her beer and casting a look at Dean, “also never delivering on promises like patching things up with poor Cas. Anyone could tell how heartbroken he is from her decision to just leave again.”
“Mmm,” Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth when the hunter raked his fingers through already disheveled hair.
Dean sat with his feet folded, growing uncomfortably warm in a blue and white plaid shirt with short sleeves and a pair of faded blue jeans. But then the game continued until Bobby listed the two things he hated the most about his father being his awful habit of losing tools and how he sucked at topics for conversation whilst they worked. And John returned that he didn’t like Bobby’s cap at all and his pickup truck was the spawn of the devil.
“No!” Castiel upheld being petulant, bracing his elbows onto the door and pushing back as hard as he could. And when he did, Dean cried out behind him hoarsely, evidently unprepared for the feel of his cock forcefully entering Castiel again.
"Me. I've tested it. You remember when Jess and I first hooked up after you locked us in my bedroom?" Sam waited a beat until the truth settled in, and he smiled from ear to ear. "We went at it for about four hours and then burnt out so much, I think it took a week before we could jump each other again –"
Was he wrong to feel like something was deeply affecting Castiel and why was he so fidgety and in a rush to obtain whatever he wanted in the store instead of taking a little time out of his day for the two of them to actually talk to each other?
By the time they climbed the stairs together, Dean and Castiel were still fueled on adrenaline but the tiredness from the journey rested inside their bones. Then after the kind young man who brought up their bags left with a nod, the two of them studied each other in a deepened gaze that was uncomfortably filled with so many emotions.
It was like coming home, slipping off his boots and warming his feet by the fire or digging into a warm bowl of soup during winter. Everything about that little secretive moment felt so honestly real and beautiful to Dean that he couldn’t deprive himself of it. He
. Their sex life was so mundane and turned into a routine, like an appointment at 7pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays. She never even gave him a damn blowjob and after all these years, he wondered why on earth he proposed. Probably to boast about it to his parents and to show that he could survive without them and he could have a normal life.
“Canada Dry is fine,” I decided that there wasn’t any way I could go anywhere at that point and feared that if I tried to leave, my internship might be terminated. The entire night thus far relied on my good behavior but slowly the attraction to my boss was beginning to eat away at me. And after deciding that keeping on my feet would prevent us from ending up on the couch together, I wandered to the glass wall.
Her willingness to provide information was slightly unnerving but refreshing at the same time. “I did not know that,” Castiel liked the color of her eyes. It was a very rich honey that appeared golden when she turned her gaze out of the window. “How did you two meet?”
"Just like that, huh?" Dean chuckled, rested another folded shirt onto the pile and he walked over to the dresser, pulling open a drawer. The depths smelt faintly of Irish Spring and baby powder…the scent of the new fabric softener Sam was obsessed with.
Dean, on the other hand, was in such a relaxed mood, he simply bypassed the genre of music and settled down next to Alex by the Map Table. She was now occupied in trying to complete a 1000 pieces puzzle of the Eiffel Tower that Sam had been working on for a week. And he hadn't even gone halfway by then.
“Now I wouldn’t sleep a wink,” Castiel sounded so upset and terribly bruised enough to unearth a sigh. He pinched his forehead, head bent and eyes squeezed shut. “This is just too much for me, I’m afraid.”
"It doesn't," Castiel said, his voice barely audible as he suffered through his decision to taunt Dean with insecurities until he wasn't even certain if they were still together.
"Moody, ridiculous, impatient, strange, ignorant, the worst father—" Castiel continued, his voice cracking more as the string of words continued that caused the other man's heart to fall. "The worst boyfriend who doesn't let you drink, or cares too much about you, pays attention to the smallest things, the stupidest things, treats you like a child…"
"I'll make sure he stays warm and he checks in with you," Charlie said, mostly to Castiel who appearing mildly saddened from the thought of being separated from Dean on a special day such as Christmas. "I’ll check to make sure that his phone is charged and we wouldn't do anything stupid, I promise."
"I keep thinking of the cashier's face when she checked out the shirts," Sam said smiling. "Most likely thought we were a couple from the 'I'm Taken' one."
“There’s nothing else in the world I’d want more than that, but sadly tomorrow night I got to head to this party with the guys. And Friday we’re doing a pre-celebration for prom. So—”
“Dean,” Castiel’s tone was quick and urgent, arching his hips and gingerly biting his lips after soft kisses covered his shaft.
“When you tell me those things, Cas,” Dean said softly, reaching up and collecting the older man’s hand into his, “you really shake me up, you know? In a good way though. I mean, all things considering, you’re just so damn good to me. Sharing all your knowledge, good manners, that kind of thing.”
“When you blush, Dean, you are so beautiful,” Cas said smiling.
Smiling wryly, Castiel rose up from the chair and rested a comforting hand on the other man’s back. “You must ignore their directness. Only you and I know the truth.”
"Now you're just teasing me," blue orbs widened. "Really? You're being completely serious with me?" and when Dean nodded, Castiel gasped, "all these years, even whilst we were simply chatting with each other, in close proximity, you were just hanging low?"
And Castiel finally turned around to stare at him, as the Prince kept wringing his hands. The two of them locked eyes and implored something that was beyond understanding but more like honesty in the depth of their connection.
“In what way?” Dean’s refusal to conceal his intrigue never slipped by his friend’s scrutiny.
The silence prolonged so much that by the time the elevator slowed down on to the ground level, I was already suffering from mild discomfort. I couldn’t understand how we would have such a nice conversation once and a while and then other times, there was this pause that was filled with so much tension. I blamed myself for feeling that way because chances were that I alone felt so prickly from being in his company whilst he was merely the composed and quiet type.
“Boss, if he turns you down, we got ya.”
-------------------------
Spectacular wasn't a word sufficient enough to describe the Ball though. With the finest pieces of cutlery and wares. The beauty in the intricate artwork on the walls and columns. The expertise of the band and the many elegant fashions of attires that graced the space. All of it was indeed plucked out of a book.
"Thanks, Claire," he said softly.
“You could never make me sad,” Castiel croaked, pulling his head back a little and allowing their eyes to meet. Blue orbs were wet and mellow, and warm and beautiful. “You are so…precious and deserving of so much love that I would like to give to you every second of every day.”
"Babe, I'm watching my gut," the other woman protested but delicately. "Can't pack on pounds that I can't shrug off like a coat, can I? Where's the birthday boy? I'm not going to ask again. I'll go barging in his room!"
"Can you look at me?" Castiel asked after some time had passed. "Say something to me at least. I don't want to remember your last words as wishing that you never met me."
But Dean wouldn’t allow it as he collected Castiel’s right shoulder into his grasp and kept them apart, allowing his eyes to conduct all the searching he needed to ascertain where the other man liked to be touched. And when he discovered that using his thumb to barely drag across the tip of Castiel’s cock caused him to tremble and unearth a sinful moan unlike anything he ever heard, Dean stored that away for the future. He reveled in that moment, completing the caress over and over again, prolonging the feel of his thumb on the other man’s tip until he was hard and leaking from anticipation.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean stared back, searching the other man’s face. “You’re killing me.”
“I’m…here”, he said, standing up straight, dressed in a black tuxedo and bearing the rings captured in two velvet boxes on each palm with a wide smile.
“I can’t see them. Can I see them?” Dean asked like a small child begging to be handed his favorite toy.
Charlie was well received, and the two of them immediately ushered into the upstairs flat and settled on a sofa in front of the fireplace. At first, Dean misunderstood the mention of the stranger’s arrival until the door to kitchen was pulled open by a familiar face. And when he realized how perhaps five years matured the pretty features surrounded by blonde hair, Dean gasped, sprang up and slowly approached the beaming teenager.
"It doesn't mean she doesn’t love you though…" Dean realized that he was only clad in the long velvet robe and long dark slacks, chest completely exposed and decided that if Claire discovered nothing off about it, then he wouldn't either. "People show love in different ways. Could be that she's scared to give you a chance."
"There's no other way!"
"I am touched. Really," the television filled with the likeness of the woman he had seen on his laptop screen. She was dressed in a bright yellow jumper. "Of all people, I'm glad that the Duke of York finds my song that much appealing. I've been a fan of him as well. He's not afraid to be who wants to be. And that's something that we have in common."
“Cas, I’m in love with you,” he said in a voice that was not his own. “You’re going to hate me for saying it because angels and humans can’t do…they can’t be together. And I know you don’t feel the same about me. Ever. But if this is what it takes to bring you back, then I have to do it. And I have to tell you that I love…you, more than a brother or best friend. I can see the confused look on your face right now. Your…adorable…face,” Dean actually smiled and stifled a sob. “You’re the most beautiful thing that’s ever happened to me. I didn’t believe that miracles can happen until I met you and you saved me and now that I’m completely in love with you, it’s the only reason I keep living and breathing. And if I can’t have you…I don’t need to live a life that’s empty without you. I just want you back.”
“Just…send some line that will satisfy his request and then let’s get out of here,” Castiel picked up his bag from the ground and sounded fatigued. “I already have enough on my plate at home to spare a lot of energy on this right now.”
“Don’t be angry at me, please.”
The brush strokes, finest details of a chaotic scene of a group of young men, draped in sheets in the dark, trying to reach for a door that welcomed a beautiful sunshine afternoon.
Dean…and I'm the one who makes you cum."
“Are you done now?” Meg eyed her with raised eyebrows. “Or do you want me to rip your clothes off?”
“He will do no such thing,” Castiel folded his arms and glared at the road ahead, whilst uncomfortably maintaining just five inches of space between him and the driver who was completely aggravated at that point. “Dean has plenty of studies to focus on and when he’s not studying, he reads excessively. Apart from that, he should not waste his time in the company of a group of old ladies who cannot tune themselves after ten years. Nor should he become their guilty distraction.”
"I can't do this. Dean."
The space brushed him with a beautiful wave of heat though, engulfing his entire body and hugging, protecting him from the winter outside. All around him steam wafted around the silver tiles until Dean pinpointed Castiel's pair of blue eyes so electric from the other side of the Jacuzzi that must have been at least five feet in length and four feet wide. The surface bubbled softly, the interior containing a light blue color and because they were so conflicted from the prior night, they both gazed at each other before Dean decided to break the silence.
There was an abundance of secrets from the younger man's past that drifted towards the surface in the most unexpected ways recently. Benny's lamentations about his admiration towards his friend, openly voicing his feelings and leaving Castiel to wonder whether Dean was aware of the truth many years ago. Possibly. He could have known, chose to digress and moved on despite never relating any of this to his own best friend.
“Okay, darling,” Dean was blushing so deeply, bashful from his decision to use the sweetest pet name. “Please don’t leave me. Try hard not to.”
Castiel lowered his hands onto the younger man's hips and he trailed kisses all the way from Dean's jawline to his lips that welcomed a deep and passionate kiss.
“The very same. Nice to have an American around here.” Benny gestured for them to walk towards the window where another man and a woman with flaming red hair were standing. “This here is the man Donatello who has been tutoring Dean for all these years. And this fine lady is Rowena, Dean’s psychiatrist. Folks, this is the Castiel we’ve all been hearing about.”
Dean, after considering the meeting of their hands, inhaled deeply. “He got it from his partner Alex, about six years ago. They’re still together.”
"I am…obsessed with Jane Austen," Dean continued in a light tone. "I have read her books excessively, probably more than six times." He stopped and gathered himself. The light wind couldn't numb his face further.
Castiel stared back, and couldn’t breathe. “Christ. You keep that up and I’ll tear your damn clothes off, I swear, Dean.”
The feel of teeth grazing harshly over his neck caused Dean to stiffen as he highlighted the railing bracketing off the edge of the cliff from the tumble downwards. Even before he could park the car properly, in a space which was so familiar from his wild nights with Benny and the gang, Castiel was sucking hard enough to leave marks.
Dean's eyes fluttered close and he felt…light. He felt complete. "You don't have to, you know."
But then, wasn’t it only fair that Dean should be allowed to do that? To safeguard himself? To seek his own happiness, especially since he was trying to battle a disorder that could destroy him if he only allowed his mind to win?
The way Cas had touched him. Held him in his arms whilst Dean’s knees weakened and he couldn’t find the energy to stand up anymore. Not after the other man had proven to him how his body had never ever before been able to open up fully to someone else touching him.
"I'm going to kill him," Dean suddenly glanced around, looking for his brother and feeling quite embarrassed. "I am so going to make him regret he ever asked you that. I mean, come on! He just can't help himself. And I don't even interfere with his sex life. So why does he feel the need to jump in?"
“I think you’re talking about Adam and John. When we get married, will you invite your brothers and your parents, Cas?”
“After all these years, Cas was standing right in front of you whilst you frolicked with that Braeden girl and Ellen’s wild daughter. Gender don’t matter, son,” John tapped his temple and nodded. “
have been thinking the same things too? Actually you have, haven't you? Over and over again, you've lamented how I deserve better so was that you self=projecting, believing that
"May I swing on you like she did?"
to concentrate when I’m working? Leaving your scent all over my chair?” the older man captured Dean’s shoulders into his grasp and gently squeezed.
“Thanks, man. And Cas?” there it was again. That soft tone of voice that just melted my heart. “You there still?”
"I know, I know," the hunter gave in to the other man's pleads. "Don't do anything stupid."
"No wonder he didn't want to kiss me. But I couldn't help it."
“Dude, this is one of the easiest ways to my heart. I can’t let anyone else have you, man. You’re far too good at so many things.”
There was another guy and a girl in the backseat that he remembered seeing in school but never in the
and his eldest brother Balthazar placed themselves immediately behind the Winchesters and Ellen, there was only so much inspection laced with humor allowed by Dean. And even if he wished to chuckle with Ellen on the sarcastic sermons delivered by Crowley, Castiel’s piercing stare drilled holes in the back of his skull throughout the service.
“I didn’t but knock yourself out,” Dean rose up and fished the car key out of his jeans then he turned to Crowley who was admiring the scene unfolding with immense pleasure. “You ready to head home, padre?”
If he became Dean's friend, then the wedding would be successful. Annalise would evidently become Dean's wife and just the thought of that made him nauseous. Just the thought of not having Dean's eyes follow him, or never being able to share any more conversations with him about the things they had in common.
There once was a situation which involved no other that Ellen’s daughter Jo Harvelle for less than a year. But that was too tragic to elaborate on.
"Shit," Dean instantly sucked in his humor and guided the Impala down the path until they were rolling past the Novak estate and towards the trail leading to the village. He was slightly thankful that it was the wine, but still very much worried about the ease in which the truth slipped through the cracks and escaped from Castiel's lips. So indeed the feelings had been mutual, the suffocating pain and excruciating tension of being in the midst of everyone and having to forcefully pretend that everything was normal. "Yeah, I overreacted."
“Damn,” Lee was too impressed to even stifle his gasp, and instead, he clamped a hand on his friend’s right shoulder and squeezed. “Keep it burning in any way you can. Just never thought…” shaking his head, still in awe, Webb chuckled and tucked his badge into the pocket of his black tailored jacket again. "I mean, after what happened between us…"
"Not a puppy, please!" the other man provided with widened eyes. Dammit, the bees. The guinea pigs. The hamsters. "Cas, come on. I spend all my time looking after Baby and our lives aren't exactly accommodating for a pet. We're on the road most of the time. I'm not saying that I don't like animals but I know for a fact that once I say yes to one puppy, there will be a lot more to come."
The driver nodded in agreement. “Like groping around in the dark. The OS isn’t that bad though. Just funny to get used to. What type though?”
“I have to leave for a week,” Dean said regrettably whilst they passed through the trees and listened to the leaves rustling. “My flight’s at midnight.”
"Dean," Cas said after a long stretch of time had passed. Tears had clouded his blue eyes. "I committed the ultimate sin by desiring to kiss you from the moment I raised you from hell. When I rebelled for you against Heaven, it wasn't taken lightly because every angel in my garrison knew. They teased me about it. They asked me why I decided to inhabit a male vessel instead of a female one. Had I been a female like Anna, then maybe you would have kissed me without hesitation instead of spending so many years dreaming of the possibility."
Little bites were delivered that were so ecstatic to feel on the receiving end, that curled his toes and turned his knees jelly. He could feel Dean’s hot body on him and how hard the Prince was inside his pants, on fire and no less than promising on inches and perfect. He was so damn perfect and they fitted together blissfully.
“We are…not…” Cas began, frowning deeply and glancing towards Dean.
“I’m referring to intimacy with someone…of a
“It’s not so bad if you wish to remain settled enough to blossom,” Crowley provided, “think of all the dangers out there. In the world. Dangerous crowds of people ready to sink their fangs into your pure, innocent little heart. That would be sinful, wouldn’t it? Being hoarded by all the bad influences.”
Castiel sighed and shifted close enough to bring their shoulders together like old times. “Five days felt like five years without you, Dean.”
“You’re actually researching me? That’s what you’re doing on your phone? Conducting an investigation on me or something?” I tried to sound rather humored than uncomfortable.
“Hmm?” blue eyes were somehow lost in the view of the darkened peaks of the mountains through the trees in Ellen’s backyard.
"I prayed to you," Dean said in an uneven voice as he remained standing. "I told you that I was sorry for the things I said."
The gift proved to be quite an exceptional one containing the likes of a piece from an art gallery that could be worth a fortune. But her harsh criticism prolonged the time spent at the photo study to more than half an hour because she couldn’t choose the perfect one. And even though Dean remarked that all fifteen shots were ideal, therefore choosing one would most definitely suffice, his friend frowned over the whole matter and disagreed.
"Would ever,
Dean wasn’t prepared to face anyone in such a miserable condition though. When he fell ill, there were certain embarrassing qualities that weren’t too pleasing to anyone, well according to him, that is. He became soft and yearned for love, somebody to hold him with an abundance of comfort and those things he was quite ashamed of for many years.
So, naturally, on the first three knocks, Castiel was deprived of having to answer a door that wasn’t his when the old woman energetically rushed to it.
After everyone happened to enter into the house, he really did expect to return to Jess or rather Sam still by the trunk of the car. But lo and behold, it was neither and after being presented with Castiel leaning onto the backdoor, Dean's footsteps stalled, the sparkle in his eyes disappeared and he held his breath. Because of course the older man's intention was to
Leading out into the cold night, the porch seemed rather much bitter to entertain any kind of company until the younger man gestured to the northern corner that contained a comfortable two cushioned couch. Draped in a warm multi-patterned blanket and another one folded neatly, the space suggested a very premeditated plan to bring the two of them together for conversation. And Castiel drew nearer with flushed cheeks, entwining his gloved fingers, he squeezed them together as if trying to generate a little more warmth inside his hands.
After they checked into the Bird’s Nest Motel, the three of them met up in the small café downstairs to discuss the case. So far, what they had gathered was that the shifter seemed to be ripping people off by stealing their identities then withdrawing all the victims’ savings. The last suit worn by the damn thing was a petite blonde with large blue eyes.
“The last time I checked,” Sally said with fires burning in her eyes, “I outrank you. I’m a manager. You’re an assistant so maybe you should show a little respect before I report you to HR.”
"Good to see you again, brother and I was actually dragged along," Benny gestured at Balthazar who was laughing with Castiel next to John's side. "That one's got me hooked on him. I swear, it's the best drug I've had in my entire life."
“He had every right to ask you to stay away. You know why?” Ruby leaned in closer to him and her eyes were fiery. “Because you were trying to set him up.”
“And I’m going to keep on loving you even when you don’t want me to. Sam said that we might do some shopping on our way back tomorrow. Is there anything that you specifically need? Perhaps…another pair of Frozen underwear?” Cas was trying so desperately to change the topic.
Almost until…
"Don’t forget how he's been opening your pants," Sam winked at Charlie and moved around the car. He waved at her as Dean stared back in utter awe. "Swing by tomorrow, will you? Come meet the kids. I know they'll love to have someone else to torture."
“Make sure that he eats and he drinks lots of fluids. Also please ask him to call me tomorrow or text me. I need to hear from him. Can you do that for me?”
"I did," Cas allowed his fingers to play with the ends of Dean's hair that met his blushing neck. "I sat in front of the television trying to concentrate on the movie when all I could feel was your hands on me."
"All I'm saying, is that maybe you're overreacting a bit—"
"Why do you always have to say things that make me so mushy?"
“Four.”
Standing there, who wouldn’t feel like a heartless bastard? I swallowed before scratching my forehead and debated on the consequences of my decision. Staying would mean that we would have to communicate. I’d have to sit there with him and pretend to be normal when my feelings would be raging, clinging to every single thing he said or move he made, just to justify something I wasn’t supposed to be involved with. If I left, then he would label me as an inconsiderate person who was also disrespectful by turning down his boss’ request.
After a month, Castiel was sitting in his office, watching the views on the article climb by the minute. But he wasn’t
Dean:
“I thought you said that you didn’t want me now?” Cas croaked, feeling his throat burn from having doubts.
“I’m just new to this and my mind is just…overwhelmed by him. I feel like he’s playing mind games with me because he’s been hanging out with this other woman and it’s just eating away at me.”
"And I might sound terrible by confessing this," Cas' voice was unsteady suddenly, "but because we were apart for so many weeks, I longed for you in so many ways, Dean. I might be selfish but when I came back that night, all I wanted was everything physical and emotional and when you told me that you didn't want me…"
John’s eyes widened and his fingertips rested on the board, in the process of fixing up a long line of letters.
"I thought you'd never surface!" was John's greeting the following day, after his older son tumbled into the front door, wrapped in several layers of clothes. "He's glowing, look at him, Sam."
I could only turn to stare at her in incredible awe, after posing such a question that clearly defamed me. Not only was she suggesting that I had crossed the line, something she was born to do, but once a rumor like that began, then it would spread like wildfire. And the last thing I needed during my internship was to be labelled as a man whore.
By the time he and Meg pulled up, the front of Westfordshire Palace was busy from a variety of guests and sparkling spotlights. The stony khaki walls rose up to eight stories containing large glass windows with lights glowering behind red curtains.
Dean sighed and ran his finger over the sill of the window. “Cas never talks about it. He’s not really soft to be honest. I think he’s the strongest dude I’ve ever known apart from my dad. But he chooses when to show me his weaknesses and when not to.”
“My dad died two years ago,” Dean sighed and as they reached the car, he pulled open the backdoor, gesturing for Castiel to hop in. “I’m all Sammy has.”
. “Just a moment. Go on without me.”
The phone call last night that felt like a hangover. The thought of him actually sleeping with a woman, someone he picked up last night obviously. Someone he took home and made love to, leaving his scent all over her. Someone he probably woke up next to in bed that morning whilst he watched his name plastered all over the news.
"Was talking 'bout Donald Duck. But okay," Pete offered a wide grin when Castiel turned flat blue eyes in his direction. "But look consider it a good thing that she's handed over to this guy so she doesn't have to call you at two in the morning to ask about how the DOW is doing."
“No,” Castiel said remaining as he was, and awaiting the growl from the other man. “I’m not going to comply like last night.”
"Then honey, nothing else matters," Jenny simply said.
Their argument had obviously ended their friendship permanently and at that point, he was too destroyed by the actuality of it to even doubt the consequences of his actions. A full blown argument like never before, and then a hasty confession that tore them apart, ripped his heart into pieces because he couldn't breathe. Dean couldn't sit in one attitude for too long and gain a sense of peace without literally feeling a searing pain inside his chest quite definitive of a heartbreak that it terrified him in so many ways.
"Right?" Possibly the best part of their conversations was knowing that nothing would escape because of their trust and despite his issues before on whether to let anyone in besides the man he was now entangled with, Dean realized that Charlie would never break that oath.
"I was completely wrong," Dean interrupted, crouched into a comma upon the couch as he chewed on the sandwich slowly. "You have every right to hate me for what I did. I hate me for what I did."
"Dean…"
Dean smiled, melting as he bit his lips.
. Someone or something to be thanked, fate lighting up and presenting another chance because they were real. And he must have latched onto his brother's sliver of hope a little, because Dean still felt like Castiel was
Glaring at that point, completely washed over with the kind of hurt that hung heavy inside my chest like weights, I remained silent. I lowered my eyes to the keyboard, tried to take measured breaths and couldn’t even do something so simple. In fact, the result of the arrogance by this guy caused me to wonder whether I was somebody special at all. Because if I could be there for someone when they needed the comfort, and this was the return, then I didn’t want to try. I didn’t want to fall in love with people anymore. I didn’t want to be talked to like that, like I was nothing, like I meant nothing. And because I was so pissed off, I powered off my laptop, snatched my bag and phone and sprang up from the desk.
When he voiced his disagreement in Charlie’s inclusion being bothersome, she fired up her Harley and followed him the rest of the way. All the while though, Dean entertained the excitement of how easy the act of making friends was for him. He could randomly meet someone and bond with them based on their tastes. And if those tastes varied, then Dean eagerly absorbed new knowledge with the intent of equipping himself with topics to further the conversation.
“It is, but we don’t need to broadcast it to the damn BBC, Dean,” Cas’ voice cracked. “It’s not okay.”
“I’m not stiff!” he heard that part of their conversation clearly though. Their eyes met and his widened, trying to implore reason.
"It's not just sexual. It's so much more than that. I don't think I can explain it."
“Come for me. I’m ready.”
"Like…lore from all other parts of the world. America is a melting pot of people coming from all over and chances are, monsters will migrate…"
All of those things were imprinted in Dean’s mind when he climbed off the bed and blindly stumbled through the cold room, plugging in the heater just near the window and trying to thaw off his toes. He was weak still, mushy and unraveled enough to understand that home could be present in someone else’s arms. Home was always where Castiel could be, where his arms were and his kisses and his smell.
“The weather looks like we’re being promised a storm later,” Castiel wandered to the window and after casting his eyes outside, he presented his back to Dean who stared at him with a pained expression. “I wonder if your father and Bobby were successful in catching just enough fish to last a week or for dinner only. You know, there was once a fishing trip that provided enough fish for a month and after being terribly disgusted with the taste, your father sent the rest over here.”
But when he caught Sam staring at something just over his right shoulder, Dean followed his brother's line of sight, only to discover the glaring pair of blue eyes that belonged to the man he absolutely loved more than anything in the world. And in the moment, he hated that he had to say all those awful things to sway his father's mind away from the truth.
Sighing, Sam raked his fingers through his hair. “Because he’s head over heels in love and he’s become too distracted by his feelings for you that he’s not interested in towing the company line anymore.”
"Yes," Cas yanked another shirt off the hanger; one the exact shade of Dean's eyes with the words 'I'm Taken' on the front in white. "What do you think of these?" he handed over what he had discovered.
"Get your hands off of me. You're fraternizing with the enemy."
It made sense.
"You're not okay," Cas said softly, flattening the lush green grass with his boots as he came around the swing and stood in front of Dean's sitting form. "Are you still worried about Sam and Mala?"
in cursive and it was the first time he ever showed anyone else his tattoo apart from Sam because of his constant attire consisting of long-sleeves.
Castiel's expression matched the older Winchester's own and he still tried to search for answers. "Dean, is everything okay?"
“How, Dean?” Castiel’s voice was gravelly and he suddenly sobbed as those blue eyes focused on green ones and leaked so much tears. “How am I supposed to even believe that when I feel like she’s given up on me?”
"Are we a couple now?" Cas stared at him with eyes as wide as saucers. "We've kissed. Our bodies connected quite…desirously. Why are you laughing?"
In between those years, there were many changes that occurred so tragically and painfully and because he could never embrace these things, he was left to stand around whilst his heart ripped into pieces. He lingered where Dean raked leaves, a tired expression on his face. He witnessed the false love between him and Lisa, wondering if Dean really and truly ever loved him back. He studied Dean’s face all the time whilst he worked and realized that there were spaces in time when he would just stare off into the distance, those green eyes become dazed and lost.
By that time, Dean was already smiling at the fluffy chocolate brown house slippers Ellen gifted him in the perfect size but after the mention of kids, he zoned in on the conversation whilst reaching for another box under the tree.
Quickly becoming consumed by the dire need to flirt, Dean wandered over to the chair and stood directly in front of Castiel, hands hanging down his sides.
End off with Dean and Cas coming in from the concert and after Cas sees the rose petals scattered all over, he realizes that Dean really didn't forget. They make love until they're exhausted and then they both agree that they'll officially take each other's last names.
“You know, in case you didn’t notice, I actually
? Coming to terms with the older man on one knee awaiting his response and the fact that he couldn’t even breathe, that he couldn't stop crying?
Dean sighed. “For most of the time when I was growing up, people thought that my dad’s abuse was the hardest part. But to be honest, what was going on inside my mind was too much already to make his threats insignificant. Sometimes, I would run a high or a low for two weeks straight. And the worst part for me is, when I’m having one of those, it feels like a really bad day.”
Not only did Castiel claim and own the term shotgun, but he once again could not respect Dean’s personal space. He crowded the front seat in a way that proved to Dean why cars were made with the distinct separation in between. And with Crowley in the backseat, he continued to be as bothersome as a petulant child, blocking all attempts of conversation between the Deacon and Dean and highly criticizing the delivery of last Sunday’s Homily.
“You know, if looks could make you pregnant, you’d be carrying Dean’s baby, Cas,” Gabe said boldly, snatching a fluke of champagne. “Which reminds me, are you more of a giver or taker?”
"Maybe he'll stay in Italy for a week," she referred to Dean whilst chewing on her right thumb. Those fiery eyes were fixated on the laptop screen. "Hey, do you know that people are shipping the two of you now? They're referring to you as
"I'm just worried that if you pursue this, and you do end up getting more involved, dad will step in," Sam said regrettably. "And he will do exactly what he did when I was in love with a
Cas wanted Dean too, god how he yearned for so much more. But first, he helped the other man out of his shirt and allowed his eager fingers to roam Dean’s toned biceps all the way towards the firm skin on his back, feeling how those beautiful muscles rippled from every kind of movement. Dean curled into him like a comma, initiating another deep kiss against his will. And Cas moaned so deeply all of a sudden, he didn’t realize why his body opened up so gloriously until the hunter shifted over him. And Cas’ mind spun out of control when Dean reached for him inside of his pants boldly and wrapped his shaking fingers around the one part of him that had become so sensitive to a breath of touch.
"Cassie was as close as. Lisa, meh."
Chest still heaving, blue eyes fluttered open. “My soul is still chasing lightning and rolling after the thunder.”
The rest of the afternoon went by smoothly, although Ruby almost spilled her cup of coffee on some very important documents. Then the edge of Charlie’s jacket got caught in an elevator door and she was rescued by Kevin, admitting that if she wasn’t gay, she’d ride him every night like a unicorn. Apart from that, nothing major happened until five came around and I ended up on a long call with Calvin Klein’s contact manager. He wanted to know why their page location was changed from ten to eleven.
“I’m gone!” Castiel hurriedly retreated. “See you later, Dean.”
"Ten years," Cas admitted openly. Sam nodded and Dean, well he was gazing intently into blue eyes.
Colder. That’s how he remembered feeling. Colder and yet…deep down inside there was a raging fire burning that was threatening to kill him. Because his brother wasn’t alone. Sam came running up to him and stopped about four feet away but in tow was no other than the last person on earth Dean wanted to witness him in the arms of another woman.
Did Castiel even try to visit those areas when he thought of him though? Dean wondered and could never stop himself from feeling a little self-conscious of his importance to someone else. He was never too attached to girls in a way that forced him to imagine what they did with their hands when thoughts of him consumed their minds. But he wanted to know what the older man tried, and if he tried, what happened to his body. Did he open up and release himself gradually?
"I don't do adorable, Sam. But thanks anyway. Cas, I want the damn sandwich," Dean actually pouted when the other man folded his arms over the plate protectively. "Why are you being so mean to me?"
Asked Sorrow.
“Congratulations, you hairless bastard.” Coming in and closing the door, Morales couldn’t help himself. The man was constantly a grinding reminder of Chevy Chase from Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation. “The news must have your breasts so perky now.”
“For your information, this sixteen year old has travelled more than you, gained experiences you may never get and is the daughter of the guy you’re in love with—”
Her words lingered in the air a long time after she left, even whilst Dean stood in front of his closet and debated on what to wear.
“Thank you, for this,” Castiel allowed the crowd to move on a little without the two of them joining in. “And for these past two days away from work. It was more than I deserved.”
“Dean! You should have said you’re coming,” Charlie playfully punched him when they entered the classroom again. “Young ones, I’d like you to meet my brother, the awesome Dean Winchester.”
“Because I can’t live without you,” the hunter continued. “I can’t—"
Immediately, Dean followed, trembling inside from the reaction by the older man and fearing the worst. Castiel, eager to depart, was already halfway to the fence and it was then decided that their friendship was over. This was the moment that would break them forever, permanently too and Dean was far too much in pain at that point to believe otherwise. But after lingering by the door and feeling his heart cry out in pain from the displeasure caused by their argument, the older man turned around abruptly and headed back towards the house.
"Oh yeah, Aiden!" Sam's eyes lit up from remembering. He squeezed the pillow and leaned forward. "Your first boyfriend."
“Very much so.”
An alien, maybe? The weirdest guy out there? Soft with no kind of good looks? I was a hopeless case at that point. Castiel Novak with no middle name.
Little did he know though, that green eyes were barely opened and entirely conscious of every single second that ticked by in the dark. As the rains came down and thunder rolled, as he was pressed closer into the warm smell of apples and fresh linen and Old Spice, Dean’s fingers curled into Castiel’s t-shirt which originally was
"Well, I think that he is handsome," Sam's voice suddenly drifted to them in close proximity. His loud laughter followed.
Castiel however was surprised. “Really? Sam?” The bearer of mischievous eyes and an abundance of humor was exactly the kind to possess a wild side.
Now Dean was
"But you are," Cas tilted his head and offered up a very loving gaze. "I've told you over and over again, Dean. My life would be meaningless with you. Now let's stop before Sam suffers from a stroke."
"Are you though?" Charlie asked the question that was buzzing around inside her mind since earlier.
“Everything works fine for me,” he said with confidence, as if he had the healthiest sex life ever. When all of us were more than aware that his girlfriend had sworn him to wear a promise ring until they got married, casting the idea of having sex off until then.
"And all of that you gathered from the way he smiled at you," Ruby said after they had gotten into the hotel. "Unbelievable," she shook her head. "You know, you really need to stop judging people like books. Get to know 'em. Like me for instance. I'm a nice girl."
