“Congratulations to the happy couple... We wish you a lifetime of... happiness,” Dean reads disjointedly. “Congratulations?” He looks to Cas then who’s hiding his blush behind the champagne label he’s currently inspecting and frowns. “Cas… What’s all this about?”
“Sure, no problem,” Dean said with his best attempt at a gracious smile.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Sammy.” sighed Dean.  “Besides, I said I’d try to make it down for Thanksgiving, ‘member? You that bored without me?”  Dean asked, but he knew the answer.  Dean was kind of treading water without Sam too.
Reaching to Dean’s nightstand, Castiel fumbled around to find the small bottle of lube and condoms he knew were in there.  He found the lube fast, but was coming up short when there weren’t any condoms to be found.
Cas’ nervous energy is replaced by a few flitting emotions, but the most prominent one, the one that sticks at the end, is resignation.  “I understand,” he says, despite not wanting to let this go so easily.  But regardless of how Cas feels, Dean has had a taxing night and deserves to sleep.  “Goodnight, Dean.  I’ll be here if you need me.”
All the heat Castiel had felt seconds ago was quickly shifting south and he couldn’t even remember what had made him so angry in the first place.  Desperately, he clenched his fist and then it occurred to him all over again.  At least this time, unlike the last, Dean didn’t have company.
“Yeah, but you did it!  So, I think that’s something to be proud of, don’t you?”
“Thank you, Dean.”
But before they made to move, the bedroom door knob was turning.  “Whoa,” the man said, covering his eyes and spinning back around to face the living room.  “Didn’t realize we had company.”
“Are you ready to turn in?” Cas asks when the moon creeps in overhead.  His voice is laced with a residual warmth that emanates through the soft curve of his lips. He’s got a familiar glint in his eye that catches the low light when he looks over at Dean from his lounge chair. Dean knows the look well.  It’s still so new to him— so human— that it renders him a little breathless.
“I thought it was pretty obvious, yeah!”
Castiel found his lips stringing together soft, indiscernible words.  The words to an exorcism, the ones he could remember, but he was in a state of shock, and for what it was worth, he may as well have been speaking in tongues.
“Dean!  It’s due next week!”
He cleared the thought and a laugh bubbled up and out of his throat.  A wide, toothy grin spread across his face again and he blinked rapidly a few times, the question finally catching up with him.  “Feel so good,” he slurred lazily, “I’m up.  Definitely.  Like all the way up.”  He turned his sights on Crowley and Meg again, blue eyes almost entirely black and entirely too wide, who were looking down at him with entirely too much concern on their faces.  “Oh no,” he startled, “What's wrong?”
Castiel pondered the question before he met Dean’s eye.  “I find I like just about anyone who’s willing to discuss my art with me.  Most people aren’t willing to be as forthcoming as you, Dean.  It’s refreshing,” he said, “So, thank you.”
It was dark, but Castiel would place bets the poor girl was blushing.  This was clearly Greek to her, and Castiel scolded himself again for the clumsy mental pun.
“Okay, well I ain’t a pro, but I know it would last longer than a few minutes—”  He gasped when she attempted to reach down the front of his boxers again.  “Lisa, I’m sorry,” he tried, “I just can’t tonight.”
“That would be the one, yes.  Though, perhaps not anymore.  I guess I have myself to blame there.”
Castiel approached him from behind, slipping on his pair of white boxers over his hips.  “PB&J sounds perfect,” he replied, settling his hips to lean against the counter.  A warm expression coloring his features.
He bit his lip and forced himself to text Sam instead.  The kid didn’t have anything interesting to report.  Just homework.  He was always doing his freaking homework.
“You’re lying.  It’s okay to be angry.”
Rushing past Chuck and Jo and Ellen, Dean set his sights on the bathroom and locked the door behind him.  He washed his hands, fresh wound stinging under the stream of water, and picked tiny bits of brick from his knuckles.  His blood swirled pink down the drain until he could bring himself to look in the mirror over the sink.  He hardly even recognized himself.  Hair on top of his head longer than he remembered, eyes sunken, cheeks gaunt from forgetting to eat half the time and not being able to afford it the rest.  How could he take care of himself when he spent all his time trying to take care of a family that apparently didn’t even need him?
“Dude.  She has crazy eyes,” Dean states as a matter of fact. The fact does little to iron out that crease between Cas’ eyes.
“Mmh, I do know,” he said, placing a kiss to Dean’s freckled shoulder.  Stopping himself a few inches short of Dean’s lips, he lazily smirked.  “So, what now?”
Dean chews his lower lip as he watches Cas fidget on the doorstep.  He’d feel like an even bigger dick if he turned Cas away, and he already feels like one all the time as it is.He releases it with another exhale.  “Yeah, okay, sure.  Knock yourself out.”
Present.  He needed to stay in the present.
“Congratulations.  Next time, I suggest you read my notes first before accusing me of something so unsavory first.”  Reaching across the table, he snatched the paper out of Dean’s grasp and added it back to the pile.
“Approximately, ten pints--” Cas says before stopping himself.  “That was rhetorical, wasn’t it?”
“I've never seen it.”  How this man was talking about films right now was beyond him.
If he thought he could just pretend Dean didn’t exist and nothing happened whenever he pleased, then he had another coming.
Dean tosses her a look. “Work? What’s that supposed to mean?”
Dean laughed.  “She let her guard down.  You’d be surprised how easy it is to kill someone when they aren’t paying attention.  At Castiel’s silence, he added, “Don’t worry, it was a clean break.”
Castiel thought on it for a second, lips pulling, but ultimately he conceded, “I think so too.”
Thoroughly amused, Dean asked, “Wait a minute here, did I interrupt something?”
Dean reached down for his bag and flung it back over his shoulder.  “I actually have to get goin’, my shift is starting in twenty minutes.  If I haul ass fast enough I can probably make it on time.”
“Have a nice weekend, Professor,” the young man said, practically beatific, not waiting around for a response.  He slapped a palm on the door frame as a parting gesture before leaving altogether.
Whatever the song was, Dean hated it.  It reminded him of something from the club.  He shrugged his bag off and set it on the floor by his feet.  He didn't have much time before his shift at the Roadhouse, but Aaron seemed… nice enough, so he had said ‘okay’.  It hadn't escaped his attention that Castiel had been watching either, but what did it matter?  He wasn't interested.  He was taken.  Dean had reminded himself of that fact as he’d attempted to fall asleep the night before and again when he agreed to this, but it still felt good to know he was watching.  That probably made him shitty, but what else was new?
“You say that about every girl, Ma!”  He laughed again when she looked like she wanted to protest.  “Not plannin’ on gettin’ hitched right after graduation like you guys neither, so don’t even go there.  It’s casual.  We’re just… seeing what happens.”
“Hey, Professor Novak.”
“God, look at you.”  Castiel’s voice came out rough as he watched Dean’s hand on his own cock and without warning he was sinking to his knees at the foot of the bed, palms finding their way back to glide over the tops of Dean’s spread thighs.
And of course, all he said in return was, “Don’t be.”
Dean swallowed thickly, face heating, even hidden. “I’m sorry—” he mustered into the pillow.
“She must have invited it in again willingly.  Called on the connection.”
Demons fed on fear.  That much he remembered.
She called again.
Though, to Castiel, it meant everything.
“Dude, that sucks!  Maybe if you email him and explain yourself, he’d understand.  He seems pretty reasonable most of the time,” said Charlie.
“I am touching you. Maybe you should do what you’re told.”
Charlie practically flipped her laptop onto the bed.  “Professor Roche!?  You’re kidding!  They couldn’t be any less alike if they tried!”
“So I’ve heard.”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut against the feeling, foreheads knocking together.  “
“I don't care.  I'm not here for the ‘sharing is caring’ bullcrap you're fishing for.  The case is done in my book and this isn't show and tell, so just drop it, Sam.  I told you enough.  Go figure it out yourself.”
Out of the corner of Dean’s eye, he can tell that Cas is itching to interject for the first time all evening.  A subtle panic flares in Dean’s stomach at the prospect.
“Well, your shit out of luck, Dean.  I don’t know enough about Art History to write a paper on it.  Make it about American serial killers or something so I can help you out.”
“See the thing is... when I was a kid our house burned down.”  He paused a moment to regain his momentum and when his voice came out again it was quiet and wavering. “There was a fire.  It was my fault,” he admitted with a thick swallow.
“Jesus fuckin’ Christ! You gotta be kidding me! I swear you two are cheating.” Dean glowers at the angels, their letter racks, the drawstring pouch. Anything. He can't figure out how the hell these two are winning when one of them blushes at porn and the other doesn't even know what porn is. “And I swear to god, Cas, what's with all the cock talk? You got dick on the brain or somethin’?” Dean didn't really mean to say that part out loud, but there it is. He is resolutely not projecting.
Dean snorted.  “You’re just drunk.”  He could feel the heat spreading across his face again at the word ‘divine’.  And the notion Castiel thought about him at all.
“I remember what happened...  Y’know... Before.  Being here.”  His head lolled back, eyes upturned to the roof of the car.  Anywhere, but Castiel.  “I remember what you said.”  The muscles in his jaw clenched tight in that way of his.
“Shut up.” Dean shouldered him again. Almost without thinking, he asked, “Hey, you think high school girls will wanna kiss and stuff all the time?” It was something he found himself wondering a lot the last couple weeks and for some reason the idea was still borderline terrifying.
Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean chuckled at him.  “You hungry or what?”
When the hammering didn’t stop, he knocked three more times.  “Mrs. Birdell,” he called out, voice still rough with sleep.  “Moira!”
Now it was Dean’s turn to blush.  “I-- well, I,” he stuttered.
The two engaged in a glaring competition for the ages before Castiel relented first with a heavy, world-weary sigh.
“Oh I know they’re not quiet,” he feels the needless compulsion to say.
Sheepishly, Castiel felt heat rising in his face.  “Yes.”
While Aaron’s teeth worked over his throat, his hands travelled over Dean’s available skin; up his arms, around to his back, pressing desperate claw marks into the meat of his shoulders and trying to pull Dean closer.  However, Dean’s hands remained glued, tangling themselves in the sheets.  The soles of his dirty boots gripped the edge of the bed too, almost fixing him in place.  Telling him to stay put, despite every fibre screaming to get out of there.  Telling him to stop dragging people into this hole he kept digging for himself.
At the end of one of their lectures, Dean even went so far as to drop his textbook on the floor.  Whether it was done with intent or not, remained a mystery, but upon bending over to retrieve it the sheer band of a lacy, black thong creeped well beyond the waist of his jeans.  Fingernails digging into the wood grain of the podium, it took every fiber in Castiel’s being to pretend that never happened.
Dean let out a guttural moan as that same strong hand came to rest at the top of Castiel’s head.  Grabbing the base of his cock, Castiel suckled at the tip to lap up more and Dean couldn’t contain himself.  His head fell back against the driver side window with a thud and he pushed at the back of Castiel’s head, fingers curling to grip his dark hair, as a not so subtle suggestion.
“Dean—”
The idea was maddening; it was niggling at the back of his brain while he scarfed down a sloppily thrown together PB&J and folded his laundry.  Prodding him into remembering anything about why that small quirk of lips on a strange, yet bold, young man triggered something inside him.
He blushed then, suddenly embarrassed about how reckless he always seemed to be around this man, and flexed his sore fingers.  “Yeah, I guess I should explain that too.”
Confused, he asked, “Since when was this a date?”  Sam and Jess gave him a look that just highlighted how much of a doofus he felt like.  One that said he’d been set up before he even got off the couch earlier.  “This wasn’t really about the art show was it?”
“No, I enjoy our talks, our time together. I like being here when you come home. Living with you is the closest thing I’ve had to a family in years,” he expresses so easily, and Dean wouldn’t be so envious of how easy it is for him if his own throat weren’t so tight right now.
“That makes one of us,” Cas muttered to himself.
“Castiel,” Balthazar returned coldly.
“They are, but I think if I eat one right now I’m going to regret it.”
Taking hold of the textbook sitting idly in Aaron’s lap, Dean lazily tossed it over the edge of the mattress with a thump to lie amongst the rest of his mess.  Aaron looked nervous.  While Dean made burning eye contact with him and crawled up the small bed, seating himself in Aaron’s lap, the clicking in Aaron’s throat was audible as he gulped.  Reaching his fingers back to clutch at the cotton fabric between his shoulders, Dean stripped his own shirt off over his head in one swift movement, discarding it on the floor too.  He felt hazy, but he didn’t need to be clear for this.  Didn’t want to be.
She smiled back at him, though he could see it in her eyes it was just as forced as his own.
“Cas—” he started, but the word broke in his mouth.  Fat tears welled up in his eyes and he closed them to keep the tears inside longer.  “Cas, is this real?”
“What happened?”
“Well, I know I could, so what d’you say?”  She held out her hand between them as an offering.
“That’s it, huh?  That what you’re doin’?  Tryin’ to turn my own son against me?  You think you could do a better job?”
Blearily, he blinked over to his nightstand and groaned.  The time on his busted alarm clock read half past 8am.  He struggled to sit up, surveying the floor for his jeans, and pulled them closer once he located them, but of course his cell phone was dead.
Just then Lisa swept around the corner carrying a steaming casserole dish of mashed potatoes between mitted hands.  “Dinner’s ready,” she said.  Voice also overly sweet, she asked, “Dean, honey, could you bring in the roast?”
When the movie ended, Castiel announced that it was time for him to go to bed, despite protest from Balthazar about the night not being over yet.
Before he could reply, Dean’s mouth captured his again in a searing kiss.  The feeling was heady and, with the insistent warmth pressing against his cock, Castiel opened for him easily.  His hands slid up to cup Dean’s sharp jaw as he licked into his mouth.  It struck him then, he’d always been drunk for this.  Even now, despite not having a drop to drink, he was starting to feel a little drunk on the feeling.  In some desperate way, he needed this, needed Dean, more than he was ready to admit to himself while being this sober.
At the seemingly innocuous statement, Dean was involuntarily reminded of the way Aaron’s hands felt on him.  He was reminded of the customer’s hands on him when he didn’t want it and he hardly ever did.  Suddenly, he felt the overwhelming urge to grab his bag and bolt again, but he didn’t have to leave for work yet and Charlie knew that, so he steeled himself and endured, forcing himself to make eye contact through the ringing in his ears.
“Right.  Of course.”  The fucking papers.  How could he forget those?
Dean grabbed at the pile and wrapped one haphazardly around his own shoulders before scooping Castiel up off the cement in a heap.  He was wet and heavy, but he was breathing, small tendrils of fog exiting his parted lips, and that was the best thing Dean could remember seeing in a long ass time.  He just couldn’t seem to remember right now that they weren’t friends, that they didn’t talk, that they weren’t anything to each other anymore and hadn’t been for years.
“I thought I might lay the cards on the table,” Balthazar continued, “That is, before I made my appeal for a better research partner.”
Charlie, for her part, turns back to face him with a smile plastered tightly across her face.  “Why, yes, Dean.  What gave it away?  Was it the flannel shirt?  The combat boots?  Problematic fave, Scar Jo, being listed as my wife in my old MySpace bio?  Or the fact that you’ve met my real live girlfriend more times than I can count?”
“The monster.  Did it come as Lisa?”
Surely enough, Castiel became lost in the motion for the better part of an hour, sketching the waves in front of him with his mind miles away, but it was only then when he was pulled out by the vibrations of the phone in the pocket of his torn jeans.
“Gross,” Sam said with a grimace, and Dean had to stifle a snort.
Coming around the end of the bed, Castiel approached him carefully as not to spook him or cause him to strike, and he drew Dean in by the hips.  “I meant what I said, you know.  This wasn’t just because I’d been drinking.  I’m prone to making stupid choices, but coming to you last night wasn’t one of them.”  He wrapped his arms around him, leaning in to press his stubbled cheek to Dean’s smooth one, and breathed softly against the side of Dean’s face.  “I’ve had dreams about you since the first time I set my eyes on you.  That wasn’t a lie.  I think about you often enough,” he murmured.  “Quite frankly, I’d had a terrible evening and I sought you out.  Seeing you seemed like the most important thing I needed to do in that moment, despite knowing full well I was probably the last person you wanted to see.  Do you know why that is?”
“I won’t tell him you said that; His ego is big enough as it is.”
Lisa pulled at his arm to get his attention.  “Dean, baby, maybe we should just leave him alone.”  She sounded scared.
Dean spit out a bitter laugh.  “Money? You think I want your money?  Jesus.  Well, ain’t that sweet,” he muttered, scathingly.  He plucked at the loose string on his denim jeans as he bounced his knee, clearly trying to contain himself.  “You know, you’re real different when you’re sober.  Anyone ever tell you you’re kind of a dick?”
“Since my best friend would rather pluck his eyes out than get over himself,” he sassed, locking his gaze, before he uselessly sagged against his chair.  He drank from his mug, the very same one Balthazar had given him, and questioned himself.  Since when did Castiel Novak not care about obtaining tenure?  “You deserve the project more than I do,” Castiel concluded meagerly.  “I… I have too much going on, I wouldn’t be of much help to you.”
“What! No!”  Dean retracted his hand and Castiel startled.  “Cas— No.”  He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, and over his face, scrubbing at his eyes.  He could feel Castiel’s soft, expectant gaze on him, but he couldn’t bring himself to meet it.
“Turn around,” Cas ordered, forcibly turning Dean himself when it didn’t register.  And really, who was Dean to argue?
Castiel rolled his eyes.  “I didn’t say that,” he huffed.
After the second dance, Dean collected his things and changed back into his wrinkled street clothes.  He’d counted his cash.  It wasn’t as much as usual due to the fact the first asshole didn’t tip, but it was enough to send some to Sam at least, and that was one the top of Dean’s list of priorities.  He headed up the stairs, cash now securely in his wallet, and left out the rear exit leading to the alley way.
“For the things I said and didn’t say.  For the things I did to hurt you these past few weeks.  I’d say I never meant to, but that would be a lie.”
Of course it was Winchester again, standing in his way of all places, ‘inconspicuously’ perusing the colorful fliers tacked on the bulletin board.
She’s quiet for an uncomfortably long moment, letting the thought that Cas was right fester inside him, before she bursts. She slaps a hand over her mouth to spare Kevin, but her shoulders are still shaking despite her restraint.
Raising his hand out in Dean’s general direction, Castiel flipped him the bird and Dean burst into an unexpected laugh.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the excitement gushing out of her regardless. It wasn’t as though admitting his silly crush changed anything. Dean was still straight. He was still dating Lisa. Castiel was still utterly and irrevocably hopeless.  “It’s not that big of a deal, Charlie.  I just need to get over it,” he tried to reason, but of course, reason was never going to work here.
Sam’s cheeks turned suspiciously pink, but he gave a reluctant shrug and nod anyway.  “Yeah.  That.”
“Gotta warn you, though... Dad’s gonna force me to join football, I know it. It's all he talks about. So as long as you can put up with that, and as long as you come be my cheerleader, I think we’re gonna be just fine.”
There was just something off about him.
Yet at Castiel’s persistently pissy face, Dean smiled.  “
Sam dipped his head window-level to stare expectantly at him from behind the flop of hair hanging over his eyes.  With an exasperated sigh, he asked, “Are you going to get out?”
“Taken, eh?  And how do you know that?”  She wiggled her eyebrows and stared him down, heavy with implication.
Dean shook his head and quietly laughed to himself over the whole thing as Castiel trudged on ahead.  Dean caught up to him though, in a few long strides.  “Hey, can I ask you somethin’?”
If Dean didn’t know any better he’d say the angel sounded slightly abashed.
Dean glances up at him and then back towards the dirty dishes piled in the sink.  “Yeah, okay,” Dean decides.  “Grab a rag.”
It felt like the first true thing they’d ever said to each other.
“Me too,” Dean admitted shyly.
“Guess that explains why you’re so goddamn grumpy all the time.”
“I had a very nice time tonight,” Castiel said, nodding to Jess and Sam in the backseat before settling his sights on Dean again.  “It was very nice to meet you, Dean.”
They’d been assigned to each other at the beginning of the semester and with just one look at him, Castiel knew the guy was a conceited playboy.  He’d been resistant to the idea of even being his roommate, let alone friend, but for whatever reason, after being forced to spend the last couple months together, Castiel’s initially icy exterior reluctantly melted and he found that underneath that cocky facade, the real Dean wasn’t so bad.  He was actually kind of nice to be around when he wanted to be.  Better than his last roommate anyway.  But then there was also the matter of the exceedingly embarrassing crush Castiel had developed practically overnight; He was really hoping to take that one to the grave.  And it really didn’t help that Dean was stupidly attractive either, especially because he seemed entirely aware of the effect he had on people.  Now though, Dean was ripe from the gym, his workout clothes were sticking to him like glue, and he seemed surprisingly put-out by Castiel not pumping up his already inflated ego.
The answer seemed to shock Sam.  His eyes flew wide and he seemed at a loss for words, any and all attempts at a counter argument dying on his lips.  “Well, okay… That’s… That’s great.  I’ll go tell Jess.”
His gut instincts ruled out.
But his lack of conviction did nothing to dissuade him.  Dean wasn't buying it.  Playfully, he countered, “Why not?”
The second Chuck started trying to puzzle together the side of Dean’s face he looked away.  Dean absently watched the burgers cooking on the grill until Jo came pushing through the swinging door like her ass was being chased with a chainsaw.  “Whoa, where’s the fire?”  She didn’t answer and ran towards the emergency exit leading to the dumpsters.  As soon as the top half of her was out the door, she was leaning over the step heaving next to the trash can.  She waited a few minutes in case she wasn’t finished, but when she seemed certain she wasn’t going to hurl again she closed the door and leaned against it looking pale with a thin sheen of sweat on her upper lip.  “What the hell, Jo?  You tryin’ to fertilize the garbage or something?”
Benny smiled, more sincere now than anything.  “Yeah, me too.”
Huffing into his coffee, Dean remembers what he told himself last night.  The bare minimum.  He might as well get this over with.
Benny quirked his head.  “True, ‘cept these days I definitely try not to look if I can help it.  No offense, man.”
When Cas takes a knee, a single tear slipping down his cheek to match, it’s almost like watching a beautiful car crash, but Dean can’t turn away from it. He finds he doesn’t want to.
“Came in late.  Your last name’s too dang long.  Figured I’d just bring it on over.”
“Dad ordered pizza.  It’s downstairs.”
He makes his way down the long, echoing hallway towards the kitchen and flips on the light once he’s there.  It’s bizarre having the bunker to themselves.  There’s no dishes in the sink to clean up, no food left out on the counter, and he can’t decide if that in itself is a blessing or a curse.
Reading glasses now in place, Castiel chewed on his lower lip, preoccupying himself with some paperwork he needed to finish, and convinced himself that reaching out might not be an absolutely terrible idea, but he shouldn’t be the one to do it first.
“Fuck yeah, love me some Molly Ringwald.  Push over,” Dean said, hovering at the edge of Castiel’s mattress.
“Took you long enough,” Cas ribbed. He shined the flashlight down from the opening in the floor, illuminating the cheesy grin splitting his face. “I’ve been here for hours!”
Something was tickling his nose.  And he was warm, warmer than usual, and his shirt was sticking to his skin, but as soon as he recognized the sandy brown cropping of hair he was presently burying his face into as having been Dean, the feeling was gone.
“Hey, the hell you think you’re doin’?” protests Dean.
“I know that,” he said, “I just wasn’t sure if you knew it.”
“That was quick,” Benny joked when Dean appeared again.
“I know that, but I also heard you gave Dean an extension so I figured I'd ask.”
“There’s no money!  I don’t have any fuckin’ money to give!”
One day he would learn their names, probably when it was too late to matter.
Castiel pursed his lips.  However eccentric Moira Birdell was, he still felt the need to chastise those for talking ill of her.  “Sure. Yes.”
“Do I know this one?”
Cutting the rope with a pocket knife, she collapses on the floor in a heap, greasy hair falling in her face, but Jack manages to prop her up against a metal folding chair he found in the corner.  Cas attempts to heal her, but whatever spell or curse she’s under prevents him from being able to wake her up.  Jack speaks the incantation they found in the bunker library to no avail.  She’s out cold.
“Just remember, you have the rest of the year to turn yourself around.  I still believe you can do it.”
“Oh, hell no.  I’m drivin’ home.  You drive like a blind person goin’ to church at night.  I’d like to make it to Lebanon some time today, Grandma.”
Cas pressed on, regardless.  "We both know I'm the one that grades your coursework," he stated.  When Dean gave a slight nod, he continued. "Please don't pretend to be so stupid, when we both know it's not true."  Turning to retrieve some paper towels from the dispenser, he noticed Dean's jaw was ticking.  "Are we finished here, or do you have another question?"
Their room is spacious, airy, with high ceilings and exposed wood beams; a direct view of the ocean. The thread count on the sheets is probably higher than Dean can even count right now and he can’t wait to fall into it later.
“I am yours as you are mine,” Castiel recites as he pulls back to cup Dean’s painted face in his hands, peering through him as if he’s seeing into his very soul.  He dips down to draw Dean’s lip between his teeth, reveling in the subtle tang of his own blood.  “I’ve waited for you for so long.  It feels like a lifetime since I’ve been with you in this way.  Tell me you remember our bond,” he rasps against Dean’s slackened, bloody jaw.
He was going to make Dean dinner.
Reaching across the desk, she offered him a flier and he took it, halfheartedly scanning over the page with a huff.  “Tutoring,” he scoffed.  “Really?  So now you think I’m stupid?”
“Shit, you alright?  Want me to call the cops?”
Wordlessly, Dean jerked his head to refute it.  “No,” he said, “No, it’s not.  You were right, Cas.”
She shook her head as she took a seat in her fancy, swivelling desk chair.  “You know, that’s what I like about you,” she mused.
“Dean,” he breathed, “...What are you saying?”
“So, what’s this about?”  He asked, flipping through again without really retaining anything.
“I’d rather not talk,” the man said, motioning with a single finger for Dean to drop the robe.  “Just want you to get on with the show.”  His speech was slightly slurred, enough for Dean to know he was drunk.
He’d awoken that morning from a dream of him, wishing intensely that the young man had woken up next to him.  Or rather, that he’d never left the cocoon they’d made for themselves, and that he never mentioned anything to make Dean pull away.  That in itself was the real dream.  But this was real life.  How was he going to face him come Tuesday?  What do you say in a situation like that?
“Too big,” Dean managed to relay.  “It’s too big.”
Castiel was frozen to the spot.  “Fuck,” he muttered, a barely audible gasp of breath he wasn’t even sure escaped his own lips were he not the only one in the alley.  “Fuck!” he said louder, kicking a boot into the dumpster.  It hurt, but he liked it so he kicked it again.  How did he manage to fuck everything up for himself in every aspect of his life?  It truly was a gift.
Dean could feel himself blushing and he already regretted the question. “No, uh, nah. Never. You woulda been the first person I told if I had, probably.”
“Don’t even say it, Cas.  I already know I look like a flaming bag of dog shit.”
A tie in his own goddamn home.  For Bobby of all people.
The boy huffed out a short laugh.  “Didn’t know we had a doctor in the house.”
“I’m sorry?”  Castiel had no idea what that meant and it was evident in the tone of his voice.
The sound of a box falling to the floor comes before he gets a response. “Third door on the left, Dean,” answers Cas.
This was a game they played often.  It usually only had one result: Castiel getting high and coming.  Sometimes the opposite.  But the anticipation was killer.
“You killed Benjamin.”  He meant it as a horrific question, but that wasn’t how it left his mouth.  Entirely flat and devoid of surprise.  It hadn’t been the first attempt.
“You do what I say.”  Boldly, he reached forward and cupped the front of Dean’s underwear in a tight fist causing Dean to choke out a gasp and double over.  The man released his junk and placed his grip around Dean’s throat instead.  “I paid for this and I know for a fact you do that exact kind of thing.  Now get on your knees.”
Deciding he doesn’t want to argue about it, Sam says, “Okay, sure, but just one.”
“Uh,” Sam starts, dipping his chin and clearing his throat.  “He and Dean, uh, ‘resolved their differences’,” he says, raising his eyebrows to convey his meaning.  “I guess he feels a little responsible.”
“You must honestly believe me to be a complete moron, don’t you?  I do have a doctorate, you know.  Of which I didn’t obtain by kissing your ass for you day in and day out.  Christ, you act as though I’m utterly unaware of the notion that you keep me around solely to feed your own bruising ego!  Keep poor, old Balthazar on reserve for those days when you’re feeling utter shit and need a confidence boost.  Or even maybe for the night you might decide you’re just desperate enough to come crawling back.  You know, I don’t blame you because I’ve been lying at your feet like a fucking doormat waiting for the same thing!  But don’t worry, Cassie, because I’m going to make this all too easy for you just so you can’t make it harder.”
Most guys would feel threatened.  Dean supposed maybe he should too, but he didn’t really feel much of anything about the situation.  He watched them a moment and shook his head.  “Nah, man, we’re just, y’know, having fun.  Fucking.  It’s casual.”
Detention was a joke.
Hell, there was even cheap beer here, yet still, the more he thought about it, the more he found something was missing, even now.  He was in Heaven and he should be content, but the more he stewed on it the more he found he wasn’t.
Suddenly, Michael stood next to them, appraising Castiel with a critical eye.  “The fuck’s wrong with Trailer Trash this time?”
Dean didn’t hesitate to suck Castiel into the wet heat of his mouth and Castiel cried out for nothing in particular.  Perhaps Dean had done this once before, or he just knew what he liked, because he seemed more sure in his movements than Castiel had been.  The flat of his tongue sliding against the hard flesh of his cock as he sucked it in deeper.  His tongue teasing the slit when he would pull back.
Dean reached out to blindly grasp at his hand hanging limp by his side.  The light touch of fingertips shocked Castiel back to the present.  “C’mere,” was all Dean murmured before he turned over and buried himself further, but god help him, it was enough.
“When the hell did you get so grown up anyway?”
He rolled his eyes.  He should have known better.
“What’s Crowley got to do with it?  He’s the asshole that forces us to give out happy endings in the first place.  What’s he care if I fuck somebody?”
“You didn’t,” he said, “I wanted to leave anyway.”
“Are you going to tell us what happened?”  asks Jack, cutting straight to the point with much less finesse than Cas has ever attempted.
They drove out to the clearing, to their spot, but Dean didn’t kill the engine, he let it rumble.  Maybe he really would turn around this time, he thought, but Castiel didn’t dare ask.
“Thought you said it was small,” he teased, though his voice was wrecked.
“Dean, is this alright?” Castiel slowed his hand and tried to catch a glimpse of Dean’s buried face.  “Tell me what you want.”
What was he doing here?  With Sam of all people?
Reluctantly, Sam took the bill with a small, murmured ‘thanks’.  As he adjusted the hair back over his face and headed for the crosswalk, Dean clapped him on the shoulder and squeezed.  “I’m gonna figure this out, Sam,” he said with what he hoped was a reassuring look.
“I dunno, I still think he’s weird,” Sam mumbled as he sank down at the table and all Dean could do was laugh.
A short time later, Dean got to his feet as well.  He set his sights on the podium and lingered for a moment, trying to communicate something unintelligible with his eyes alone.  Castiel simply quirked his head and frowned, and to that, Dean rolled his eyes and left the classroom.
“Damn straight I was,” mumbled Dean, mostly still embarrassed.
“You come here often, mate?  I’ve never seen you here before,” Mick said.  He was leaning into Castiel’s space, his elbows planted on the bar while he waited for the bartender to come back.
Almost immediately, the man’s guard went back up.  He returned his eyes to his magazine.  “Ain’t nobody here by that name,” he said, purposefully aloof.
With a heavy sigh, Castiel removed the phone with his clean hand and turned it to see the screen.
Dean smirked again as he watched Castiel.  “You better hope that’s true, for your own sake,” he said.
This was real.
“Thank you… But you’re acting strange.”  He was acting jealous.  Of what, Castiel hadn’t the faintest clue.  Or maybe Castiel was just on edge.
“And also with you.”  Dean chuckled.
“Right.  Well, you know where to find us if you need anything.  Night, man.”
The cigarette pinched between his fingers was dwindling to a dull ember so he sucked down a lungful of warm, dry smoke before stubbing it out with the sole of his boot.  He hated the smell and the lingering traces that stuck to his clothes, his skin, his hair, but it was quelling the jitters that always came in the interim.
Cas could say the same thing back.  “How did you sleep?”  He asks instead in an attempt to change the conversation.  Sizing him up with a squint, he says, “You look terrible.”
undressing.
“Fuck,” Dean said, eyeing his cup suspiciously, “And here I thought I’d ordered chocolate.”
“For what?”
“I ain’t blowin’ nothin’ of yours,” snarked Benny.  “Not my fault you lied, brother.  You just better hope Crowley don’t find out.  You’re already on his shit list most of the time anyway, don’t need this on top of it.”
Ash shrugged, but a smile crept up on his face.  “Where else they gonna pay me to get high and look at porn?”
Just as he asked, Cas appears in the doorway.  “Sam.  You’re back.  Where’s Jack?”
Just what Castiel needed.  Two accents having some sort of pissing contest over him at the too-sterile bar on the rich side of town.
It only took a few more driven thrusts before Castiel was hurtling over the edge with him, cock twitching deep inside Dean’s clenching ass as he filled the condom.  And then he just fell on top of him in a heap without even caring they were now both coated in Dean’s jizz.
Crowley scowled at her, but kept talking, “You have to stay here, because we have to carry your stupid arse around.  And the floor is lava so don’t even think about budging.  We’ll be back in a jiff.”  He thrusted Castiel’s bottle of vodka into his flimsy hands just to give him something to do, a cheap distraction, like a hamster on a wheel, and then they disappeared altogether like a cloud of smoke.  Like some sort of fucked up magic trick.
“Sounds like him, but he won’t find it.  I took it with me.”  Sam hooked a thumb over his shoulder where his backpack was hanging.  His very full backpack.
,” he mimicked, voice comically low.  “What, you don’t believe me?  What happened to ‘my impressive intellect’, or whatever?”
“I’m assuming by ‘friend’ you’re referring to Professor Roche?”
Just then, the door to the stairwell swung open.  “Hey! You two,” shouted Vice Principal Adler, and Dean fell back.  Castiel rubbed his sore throat and reluctantly averted his glare from Dean to the bald man currently charging at them like an angry bull.  “Why aren’t you two in class?”
The open road sprawled out in front of him as Bobby’s words rattled in his mind.  The sun was shining high in the blue sky, the trees were vibrant shades of green, and for a fleeting moment he felt contentment.  He lived longer than he thought he would— That had to count for something.  A life like Dean’s, he supposed maybe he was living on borrowed time anyway. And when it really came down to it, he didn’t feel regret about throwing in the towel. He never imagined he’d go out like that, but dying wasn’t new for him. Dying was easy.  Admitting to himself that he was done, that there was nothing for him back there anymore, was the hard part, but as strange as it sounded, he felt at peace with it.
Dropping Sam and Jess off at the Prius, Dean asked Sam to stay behind for a second as Jess got in the passenger side.  “Hey, uh, thanks, I guess.  For doin’ this.  I know I’m not really open or whatever… uh, about that, so just… Thanks.”
Castiel looked between the three of them then.  “Oh, I wouldn’t want to impose,” he said.
“The faster you accept it, the faster you can get over yourself. Just… Don’t make it Cas’ problem. He puts up with your idiocy enough. Dude’s practically a saint,” he says almost to himself.
When he looked up again, Damien was still seated in his lap, looking down at Castiel like he was the most bizarre yet intriguing thing he'd ever seen.  His eyes danced back and forth between Castiel’s, alight with something that Castiel couldn't place, but whatever it was made the confident man in his lap falter.
“Hey, Sam...”  Dean’s voice came out different than before.  He cleared his throat, but wasn’t sure how to continue.
“Probably.”  Balthazar finished his glass quickly and reached for the bottle again.  Castiel wasn’t even half way finished with his own.  “Honestly, you should just confront him head on.  Rip the bandaid off, so to speak.  Tell him where you’re coming from and that whatever he’s fishing for isn’t going to happen.”
The creases in Sam’s brow iron out like the dawn suddenly breaking.  “But you… you shot it,” Sam stammers.  “How is it still here?”
His eyebrows inched towards his hairline, stunned at his flippant tone.  “Or whatever?  What does that even mean?”
“Want you,” is all Dean could quiver out, before Cas was lovingly wrapping his fist around them both, coaxing Dean to his level.
“I can hear you, ya know?”
“Yes, of course, I'm fine.”
Dean groaned.  “Ugh, I know,” was all he said, but he could think of a handful of things he should be punished for at this point in time, so it wasn’t totally off the mark.  He’d be surprised if Professor Novak didn’t fail him on principle.  What’s more, Dean wouldn’t even blame him.  Only himself.  “Have you picked your pieces yet?”
“Looks like Michael found her first, man,” he ribbed and Gordon and him fell into laughter of their own, “What are you gonna do?”
Dean blinks at her and scopes their surroundings.  “Uh, yeah, it’s the computer lab,” he says like it’s a no-brainer. “I need somewhere to do my homework and it has CAD.  Plus, you’re here. Win, win.”
distracting?  I’m trying to study.”
Things like that always made him uncomfortable.  Compliments.  He thought of Castiel saying the same thing, not even an hour ago, and his face was heating up quick.
“Of course I have.”
Jack and Cas took to the basement.  No noises to be heard aside from dripping pipes coming from the long forgotten boiler room, but if there’s dripping pipes it means someone is still running water to this place.  The witch and whatever else was still living in the factory.  The only question is: what were they doing here?
“It’s so late, I couldn’t sleep.  I was starting to worry about you,” she said, “How come you’re home so late?”
“Yeah, I got it.”  Dean shot him an annoyed glare as he got to his feet.  “You’re hilarious, by the way,” he deadpanned.
“What about the garbage?” proffered Chuck.
Smacking his palms against the wet tiles, Dean eagerly widened his stance as he braced himself for Cas’ fingers, but Cas was preoccupied laying gentle kisses across Dean’s shoulders and over the top of his spine.  His hands were taking their sweet ass time to get there too, washing over him, and tripping over his perky nipples just because he knew Dean liked it.
Now, Dean’s seen some weird persqueeter in the past, but none of those girls compared to whatever the hell he was looking at right now.  His face screwed up at the smell of low tide and vinegar.
He knew once Balthazar caught a scent he'd track it like a bloodhound.  He knew Castiel better than most too.  Trying to keep something from him was next to impossible, especially something this humiliating.  He tried though, for a few minutes.  Avoiding his gaze, fidgeting with his napkin, scanning for their food, all to no avail.  His friend was boring into him from across the patio table, expectantly.   “Fine.  I have a new student,” he said, tone terse, trying to keep it to the point.
Castiel kissed him then.
“The Dean that you know is a spineless milksop who wouldn't know his ass from his elbow,” he spat in defiance, “Besides, I never intended to harm the child, I was merely trying to cut him out.”  His harsh tongue emphasized the ‘T’s.
Smoothing out his hair, Sam rolled his eyes. “Shut up, jerk.”
“I saw the envelope just the other day all the way from the big city.  How you gettin’ that kinda money, son?  Huh?  What’s a sorry faggot like you gotta do to make that kinda money?”  He asked, but he didn’t really want to know.  He wouldn’t care either way.  “You must think I’m real stupid.   What, you think I can’t take care of my own damn kid?”
Well, wasn’t he just full of surprises.  “A guy after my own heart,” quipped Dean with a wide grin, grabbing his own beer.
“No,” they say in unison, before cleaning up and departing to their separate sleeping quarters for the night.
“Ok, so you’re still a guy then?”
In practice, there was a lot of blood.
Casting a deadpan stare toward an indeterminate point on the wall, Castiel waited for it to be over, arms pinned down by his side.  “Okay,” he grumbled after a few seconds.  “Okay, Balthazar.  Get off me!”
“I had an appointment with my endocrinologist after class the other day,” Cas sullenly explains to the bathroom floor. “They said I needed to increase my levels. That’s why I got my period. Apparently, my body has decided it didn’t have enough estrogen all my life, so it’s decided to start making more.”
Dean takes half a slice into his mouth without even chewing. “Watch me,” he mumbles out around the hunk of dead cow in his mouth. The three of them stare with a strange mixture of shock, awe, and disgust. “Not literally! We gonna play a game or what?”
“Look at the stupid bastard!”  He emphatically pointed at Castiel who looked a lot like he was trying to lazily swim breaststroke in the grass.  “We’ve been out here with him like this for the last twenty minutes and he’s not coming down so apparently, it doesn’t seem to matter how much, now does it!”
The Impala pulled up along the curb across the street from the Braeden residence.  It was a modest house, not too different from his own, with a porch and a fence and a yard.  The engine was idling almost as much as Dean was.  Idly, he tapped his thumb against the leather steering wheel and cleared his throat.
After a long pause, “No.  I suppose I don't.”  Cas tries for a smile, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes again.
In a whisper, Castiel dared, “And what if I want you to?”  His gaze darted down to the Adam's apple bobbing in Dean’s throat.  Dean’s nostrils flared in contempt as he distanced himself; his mouth a thin, white, angry line.
Hesitantly, Jack asks, “Can I keep the candy bar?”
“You’re bluffing.”
The room spins the more Dean tries to process that information and he feels as though he could topple in the breeze.  His stomach twists as though he hasn’t eaten in days.  “Who are you?” he manages to ask through the mounting nausea.
Sam and Jack make it to the halfway point a little after lunch time and as they drive they come upon a lonely Gas’n’Sip off the side of the beaten road.  Now being as good a time as any, Sam decides to pull over to fill up on gas and allow for something to carry them over till they can stop somewhere to get real food later.
“Same’s usual,” he replied with a casual shrug.  “Not kickin’ him off the team anytime soon, so that's somethin’.”
“I should probably go get dressed for the day,” Castiel said, removing his hand and angling his head towards his bedroom.  “Feel free to stay as long as you need.”  He gave Dean an encouraging smile and a supportive nod to Sam before he disappeared down the hallway.  Dean watched as he went.
Drawing his hand up to clutch at invisible pearls, Dean drawled, “Why, I do declare, Ms. Bradbury.  Are you judgin’ me?”  He fluttered his eyelashes, looking utterly scandalized.
Dean huffed.  “You don’t have to say that, Cas.  I know it’s weird.”
Dean was resolutely cramming his homework into his backpack, only a few minutes left of this mundane form of torture for the day, when Castiel said, “Give me a ride.”  Dean was about to spit a vehement rebuttal, before Castiel clarified.  “My bike’s still missing and Crowley won’t wait around for me after school.  Give me a ride every day after detention and I’ll help you with Chemistry.”
“It’s still there.”  Watching him with suppressed amusement, Castiel asked, “You said you needed my help with something?”
But Dean wouldn’t.  He just smiled, unphased.
“Jesus, Sam, I know that,” says Dean, voice rife with irritation.  “Would you let me talk?  Or I swear, I’m haulin’ ass back to my room and never leaving my friggin’ bed again.”
He shut the car off then and got out. The door closed with its tell-tale rusted hinges and the sound eased him.  Coming upon the rail, Dean allowed himself to simply be present in the quiet moment.  Nature wasn’t something he often found time to appreciate on Earth. He couldn’t help but think maybe camping for camping’s sake would’ve been fun at least once.  Him, Sam, Jack, and—
“What!  You hooked up!?”
Chewing his lip, Dean finally released the strained breath he’d tried to contain the whole way there.  “We can’t keep doing this,” he said.  Running fingers through his greasy, mussed hair, he snorted to himself.  His eyes looked wild.  “It’s just- it’s wrong, is what it is.  I mean, shit, I’m going to be a father.”  He shook his head.  “I have a wife,” he amended softer, as if to remind himself more than anything.  Dean seemed to be having some sort of fit.  He ran a palm over his face to bring himself back.  “And for God’s sake, how are you just sitting there?  How are you so keen on all this?  You’re a goddamn priest!”
When it came to the end of the lecture, Castiel was puttering around the podium, hoping to get a moment alone to apologize to Dean.
“Where the fuck am I?  How long was I out for?”
“Dude.  Not my boyfriend.  Guy can't touch a dick right.”
“There’s a curse that can bind a demon or an entity to the witch that casts it.  In this case, our witch managed to bind a djinn to do their work for them.  To syphon off people’s aura or what, I don’t know, but it’s the only explanation for those two,” he points to the bodies by the far wall, “and the things she is explaining right now.  It was showing her the things she wanted most to keep her complacent and to keep her alive long enough for whatever plans the witch had for them.”
When the head of Castiel’s cock hit the back of Dean’s soft palate, he choked and pulled off, a glistening line of saliva connecting his lips to Castiel’s tip, but he didn’t stop.  His green eyes were shrouded with determination as he leaned in and took him back into his mouth.
“I don’t doubt that.”  Dean chuckled, but had to steel himself for what came next.  He closed his eyes and held his phone to his chest as he processed what he needed to say.  He’d never said this but before.  All those times way back when, back when he was living in fear of his father coming home from a night out, Dean tucked it away and put on a brave face.  For Sammy.  For Himself. But he did it for Bobby too.  Whenever their father came home drunk, Bobby was just a phone call away.  He never asked questions.  He didn’t need to ask.  But he also never knew the worst of it if Dean could help it because by the time they’d met Bobby, Dean had gotten far too good at covering up the ugly truth.
Visibly, Balthazar shrank like a wounded soldier, all fight replaced with something else.  Something unnamable.  He wheezed a pathetic excuse for amusement at Castiel’s venomous words, so obviously meant to sting, and collected himself.  Somehow the truth always hurt more when it was said in so many words.
At the declaration, Dean’s heart jumped  into his throat.
“It’s, um… It’s nice to meet you too, Sam,” Castiel gave a jerky nod before remembering they were still standing in the doorway.  “I’m sorry, I’m being rude.  Please, both of you, come inside.”
Holding his palms up in surrender, Sam doesn’t say another word.
“Hey, Cas, look at me.”  Suddenly, Dean was there, calloused hands cradling his filthy face, crowding his vision, forcing Castiel to refocus on the man crouching within a foot of his life.  When their eyes locked, he had the decency to strain a weak, pitying smile.  “We’ll find another way.  Like we always do.  We’ll turn over a few rocks--”
But somewhere along the way, the air shifted between them.  The nicknames Dean cooked up started becoming more endearing than a nuisance.  He started taking his advice on the spreadsheets and relaying his ideas to the big bosses.  Sometimes, on the mornings he’d needed it the most, Dean surprised him with coffee he’d brought from home.  Coffee turned to food.  Food turned to sharing lunch.  Sharing lunch turned to something weighty and undefinable.
“Okay,” Sam said after a few moments, “Well, I’m here if you want to talk about it sometime.  I can help.”
“Sorry, it wasn’t personal.  I left in a hurry.  Didn’t really get a chance to say much of a goodbye to anyone really.”  The implications settled heavily in the empty spaces.
With a perfunctory nod, Dean continued into Benny’s room, gathering up the bedding off the mattress.  The pillowcases still had subtle notes of coconut shampoo masking the undertones of Benny’s aftershave.  It was an odd combination, but the only thing Dean was thinking about was the way Castiel’s dark tufts of hair had felt between his fingers and the way his mouth felt around his dick.  With a reluctant groan, he stuffed the bedding into Benny’s half-full hamper before he managed to work up another boner.  How he was going to manage to drag both baskets the couple blocks down to the laundromat, he hadn’t the faintest clue.
At the sight, Castiel rolled his eyes.
“Your DVR,” he said with a chuckle.
Dean stroked and squeezed, seemingly enraptured as another bead leaked out.  Tearing his eyes away, Dean smirked up at him.  Speaking softly, he asked, “Shouldn’t you be grading?”
“Wanna make you feel good,” he said it like it was a confession, hushed breath hot against Castiel’s chapped and parted lips.  “Just let me.
Dean cleared his throat and scratched the back of his neck.  “Well, I dunno if I’m passionate about Baywatch…”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas smiled into his warm, wet skin, pressing soft kisses to the nape of Dean’s neck.  His hands skimmed over his sides, landing on Dean’s hips where his fingertips pressed in just light enough not to bruise.
“Look, pal, I don’t know what you think this is, but it ain’t that kind of place.  I don’t do that.”
She stares at Sam, not believing a word he’s saying.  The woman looks to Cas again for an explanation to his existence outside of her mind.
In the same instant, he was backing Dean up against the wall behind him.  Dean let out an “oof” and shuddered when his skin made contact with the cool plaster, but Castiel’s mouth was insistent as it left Dean’s lips and imparted a new path along the edge of his jaw, dipping to collect the water beading down his throat with his tongue.  And so were his hands as they pushed at the damp towel secured around Dean’s hips, a pathetic attempt at modesty.  Within seconds it was coiling at his feet on the floor and Castiel was massaging his palms over the muscles in Dean’s ass, pressing their groins together in a solid line, while his thick thigh nudged its way between Dean’s legs.  Dean gasped at the feeling of the rough denim against his skin, hands grappling in Castiel’s jacket, but his hips acted of their own accord as he ground his cock against the firm muscle there, a low groan building in his throat.  Feeling emboldened, Dean snaked a hand between them and palmed at Castiel’s hard length trapped in his jeans for the first time all night, deliberately digging the heel of his hand in by the tip.
Disbelieving, Dean choked out a laugh and let the bag slip away to the floor, holding onto his brand new letterman jacket.  Soft, black leather sleeves with a maroon wool shell. He held it up for everyone to see and flipped it around in his hands just to turn wide eyes on the word ‘Winchester’ embroidered across the shoulders.
Though, Dean looked far from alright. “If I have to suffer through this shit then so do you. We wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for you, so sit the fuck down and hold it.”
Dean’s friends weren’t so bad, although early on it became apparent that Castiel and Benny, he believed his name was, were set to butt heads on just about everything.  And as much as it pained him to admit it, Lisa, for lack of a better word, was okay, despite her clear distaste for him.  He could see why someone like Dean might like her, even if he didn’t himself.
With a tight swallow, Cas wordlessly gestures to his outer thigh, hiking his black boxer briefs a couple inches higher still.  The prep pad is cold and Cas gasps when it touches his skin, while Dean rubs the spot in gentle, concentric circles. “Just an alcohol wipe, dude. Relax,” he lightly teases.
“Because he could feel the same way!”
me to kiss you?”
He could feel the cold pressing through the back of his shirt; it was grounding him while his mind was swimming through a handful of prominent emotions.  Anger, being at the top of the list.  It felt bitter and familiar.  Jealousy was in there somewhere too.  Part of him believed if he unloaded that burden onto Castiel, he wouldn’t feel them anymore.  And he did make him mad, and who knows if he was jealous, but Dean was still slumped against the wall drowning in his own head anyway.
“And honestly we’re both pretty wiped anyway.”
“Right.  Now that you’ve decided to grace us with your presence, I just wanted to inform you that you’ll be switching slots with Victor this evening.  He’ll be doing the solo dance and you’ll be dancing in the group numbers.”
Coming up to the center island, he asked “Don't talk to who?” as he popped the caps off the bottles.
Shrugging into his trench coat by the door, Castiel grabbed his bible off the dining table and headed out to the driveway.  The chill in the air was biting through his coat sleeves, but he felt odd sitting in the car alone, in Dean’s car, so he waited with his arms protectively wrapped around his middle.
As Dean headed for his locker, the congratulatory claps to his shoulders and teasing towel whips to the ass were enough to coerce a reactionary grimace and a head shake out of him as he removed the helmet sticking to his head.  That game took a lot out of him.  More than usual.  He recounted all the trivial ways he could have done better as he removed his heavy shoulder pads and was already mentally preparing to hear backseat coaching notes from his Dad tomorrow morning over breakfast.  But for the moment, he was lost in thought.  So much so that he almost missed it when his best friend Benny sidled up to the locker beside him and started trying to shoot the shit with him too.
“I’m gonna level with you, Cas.  If you have any good taste at all, the short answer is yes.”  He took a bite of his burger, mumbling around it.  “Am I gonna have to educate you on all the finer points of history or is this just an off night for you?”
“Hey, look at you with the jacket though,” added Benny with a low impressed whistle.  He clapped him on the shoulder as the other’s congratulated him too, and Dean smiled and actually blushed a bit at the unprecedented praise.  Especially since Victor and Gordon already got theirs the tail end of junior year.
Dean cleared his throat again, wet his lips, and gestured over his shoulder.  “Shower’s through there,” he said instead.
It struck him then, the answer to this needlessly elaborate riddle.
“No… Charlie.”
Dean growled in his ear and pushed back to undo his own fly.  He didn’t even bother undoing the buttons of his shirt.  “Turn over,” he instructed, as he kneeled back.
Like headlights, maybe.  Like tiny beams of light.
“Good morning, Dean.  Did you sleep well?” purrs Cas from the armchair in the corner.
“Whoa.  Can’t a guy support the, uh…” He searched the table for a flyer and read it, eyebrows twisting, “The Gay-Straight Alliance?”
And then he was gone.
“Hey, hey, whoa there,” he called out, placing the glasses he was drying down on the bartop.  When Dean gave him close to full attention, he continued, balling up the damp dish rag and drying his hands on the back of his black jeans, “You look like shit, brother.  What’s eatin’ you?”
Time passed slowly while he waited, but instead of beating himself up about it, Castiel chose to doze off as Dean’s laundry dried.  He was woken up by a tap to the foot by some stranger waiting to take over the machine.  With a mumbled apology, Castiel pulled himself to his feet and collected Dean’s clothes, dragging the hamper all the way back up to their floor.
“Uh…”
“Yeah, don’t tell me you never seen one before.”  He laughed.  “Find it hard to believe you of all people’ve never been punched in the face.”  Pulling away from Castiel, Dean flopped onto his back.  “It’s no big deal.”
“Sorry,” he said, “It was nice to meet you, Castiel.”  He gave a small wave and avoided Balthazar’s drunken glare before he scurried off to go find another body for the night.
“I was under the assumption you were straight.  All the girls you talked about…  I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
Castiel stopped the message and pushed the phone away with a skid.  He really couldn’t catch a break this weekend, could he?
“That's not true! He's just... like that.”
“Late,” Cas supplied with a weirdly indicative eyebrow raise.
He’d never been alone with Dean.  Not like this.
“Sorry?”  Castiel’s gaze reluctantly left the sunrise to look back at the papers.  “Oh.  Yes, actually.  I marked yours earlier this morning.”
Grabbing Cas by the front of his shirt, Dean hauled him to his feet and into a sloppy kiss, encouraging him to follow along as he walked them both towards the bedroom.  “C’mon, Cas,” he gasped between enthusiastic rolls of his tongue, “Let’s go test that theory of yours.”
While he waited for the order to cook, Dean removed his hairnet and fluffed his short, spiky tufts of hair between his fingers, trying desperately to removed the lattice hatching from the fishnet.  He grabbed a fresh, black apron from the box in the closet too.  The Roadhouse might not have been known for its class, but nobody needed to see him soaked with dirty dishwater while they were trying to eat.  Taking a glance at himself in the reflective surface of the walk-in door, he nodded at his appearance.  He looked okay-ish besides the bruise on his face being a little more visible as the day wore on and his makeup wore off.  Oh well.  It couldn’t be helped.  He didn’t make it a point to carry makeup with him either and this wasn’t the kind of hiccup he’d planned for.  He’d just have to make the service quick.
“Well, if you’re bringing God into it, maybe you’re tellin’ the truth,” Dean chuckled and Chuck gave a nervous laugh back.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
“Want you inside me,” he prayed aloud, voice coming out hoarse, but it was enough for Castiel to groan deep and pull him in for another kiss.  A desperate one with their groins colluding in the middle, delivering all the added promise of each one before it.  His strong hands came around again to grope and paw at Dean’s ass over his shorts.  The feeling caught fire, but before Dean let it spread, he was breaking the kiss again and resting his forehead against Castiel’s, breathing steadying breaths.  “Not here,” Dean said with a thick swallow and Castiel slowed his hands at the sound, bringing them around to rest over Dean’s ribs while he mouthed a kiss against the corner of Dean’s parted wet lips.
The small distance of space between their thighs felt electrically charged like one of those glass spheres that spark lightning the second your fingertip grazes it.  At least, it did to Castiel.  Dean seemed unphased, focusing instead on trading jokes with Charlie about the latest episode of Game of Thrones and listening to his music.
Eyes never leaving his, Castiel brought his free hand to his lips, sucked two long fingers into his mouth, and led them down to encircle his hole.  He pressed the tip of a finger in and had to bite his lip to contain himself as it slipped in deeper.
“I don’t consider this case finished.”
“Yeah, right.”
He was sinking down there like a lead weight for what could have been seconds, minutes, but felt like hours, and distantly, over the sound of the water rushing past his eardrums, he could hear someone calling out to him before everything faded to black.
Dean gave a lazy nod.  “I do.”
Tugging on the constrictive seatbelt Cas had forced on him when they squeezed into this death trap, Dean grumbles, “Yeah, and what does this make me? Miss Daisy?”
Castiel tossed his head back and forth, weighing his words.  “I call it making the most of an unfortunate situation.”
Breathing a small laugh, Dean forces himself to meet Cas’ concerned gaze.  Sure enough, his previously inscrutable face is now chock full of the stuff.  “I’m fine, Cas,” he assuages with palm raised, willing Cas to stay right where he is despite reaching that level of tired where your brain starts to enter overdrive.  Awkwardly, he hooks a thumb over his shoulder, pointing towards the hall and starts to step back.  “I’m gonna put my shit away and get started on dinner.  I don’t trust any of you near a friggin’ stove,” he jokes, but the edge of concern is still coloring Cas’ features as he leaves the library.
It was then Castiel gently laid his palm to Dean’s cheek and caught his eye.  He ran the tip of his thumb along Dean’s plush lower lip and Dean released it, meeting his gaze.  “It’s late, Dean.  You’ve had a long day and I don’t want to burden you with my troubles.  You should rest.”
For the next couple hours he avoids using the rear view mirror at all.  And luckily, Sam doesn’t bother asking him anything in the car ride home.  He puts his headphones in and listens to some boring podcast about yoga or conditioner or something equally flowery.  He even dozes off a couple times, much to the chagrin of Dean who would kill a guy for a really good nap right now.  But admitting that would just make Sam worry and make Cas that much more annoyed, so Dean says nothing and mentally tapes his eyes open instead.
The grill sizzled as another burger patty was slapped down on the cooktop.  The sharp hiss and crackle of fat echoed past the sounds of the sprayer nozzle in the sink as Dean worked.  He had on those obnoxiously yellow rubber gloves and a useless hairnet strapped over his short hair.  The front of his shirt and apron were drenched with dirty dish water.  All in all, he was a mess, but what did it even matter back here?  Chuck didn’t look any better than he did.
Cas rounds the corner into the kitchen from the library and stands in the doorway.   “Oh, um, they found a case that they decided warranted attention,” he says, but he says it weird.  Overly business-like.
“No problem, kiddo.”
.”  Castiel had never rolled his eyes harder in his life.  “We’ve been torturing each other for months.  We share a room!  If that’s too fast, I don’t want to do slow.”
“Oh,” said Dean sheepishly, because what else could he say?
After Dean wiped his stomach off, he threw on an old Pink Floyd tee from Benny’s dresser he looked like he was swimming in and headed back out to the kitchen.  There wasn’t much, honestly.  Dean scoured the cabinets and the tragically empty fridge in hopes of finding something edible, but the only thing he could find were a few slices of white bread.
“How much blood does the human body contain?”
“I know,” said Benny, in his hushed drawl, “Crowley’s been lookin’ all over for you, wonderin’ where you been.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, but he was blushing regardless.  “I’m glad you’re finally being honest with yourself, but if that isn’t enough of a convincing argument for you, someone could hear us,” he offered instead.
Gripping his fingers in Dean’s crop of dirty, overgrown hair, Castiel tugged his head back, exposing his throat.  “
The street lamps lit the way as the gravel crunched under their shoes.
“You know, I have ways to torture it out of you.  I'm not above using any of them.”
Dean laughed and clapped a firm hand on his shoulder.  “C’mon, Cas, it’s just what guys do.  It’s guy talk.”
The voice cleared its throat.  “Sorry I was late, I was, uh, actually hoping to add your class and need your signature to get it all official,” they explained, throat clicking.
“Sam, listen,” Dean leveled, laying a grounding hand on Sam’s shoulder, “Any other time, any other place, I wouldn’t hesitate to let you stay with me.  You know that right?”
“Tell me what you need or I'm dumping you on the floor,” he warned, voice forcibly even and straining under the weight.  Dean was heavier than he looked.
Dean scowled.  “Because of you,” he fumed, “I missed chemistry and football practice— the two things I can’t fucking afford to miss— all because you’re too stupid not to bring a fucking knife to school!  So really, thank you, Castiel.  I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Dean’s body fell still, slumping his straining neck against the embroidered mattress.  Castiel waited a minute for movement, though there was none, and panic began to overtake him at the thought of anything happening to Dean down here in this dank basement.  Because of him.
“Take all the time you need; I’ll forward you the missed material.”
*****
His opportunity came at the end of Friday’s lecture.  He issued the class a small quiz towards the end of the class period and the students were allowed to leave once they finished.  Unsurprisingly to Castiel, Dean finished within a few minutes.  Dean was a bright student.  This was his moment, though, and Castiel wasn’t going to let it slip away just due to his own stupidity.  But when Dean approached the front table at which Castiel had been seated, Castiel froze.  They locked eyes for a few moments longer than necessary, but as was always the case, Castiel didn’t actually know what to say.  In that moment, a hint of a smirk lifted the corner of Dean’s mouth, just before he took a bite of his apple.  He turned on his boot heel and left the lecture hall looking pretty pleased with himself.
“Send an email, yeah, yeah, I got it,” finished Dean with an exasperated eye roll.
right.  Maybe he well and truly did need to get laid.
Dean hastily delivered an embarrassed apology, but if Castiel was annoyed he didn’t show it.  He just warmly said, “Don’t be, it’s not your fault. I’m the one in the middle of the hallway,” while looking down at his shirt and then carried on with his conversation, hardly acknowledging Dean at all.
“What, where I work?” Dean laughed when Aaron nodded.  “Nowhere good, I can tell you that much.”
“Clearly,” muttered Crowley.  His patience wearing thinner by the second.  He checked the time on his phone and scanned their surroundings carefully.
The rest of Castiel’s weekend was suspiciously unburdensome.  He spent the remainder of Saturday night with the remnants of his bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and his tattered copy of ‘Slaughterhouse-Five’.  Sat in his overstuffed second-hand armchair, he flipped the pages until the blissful throes of sleep overtook him.
There was a slight tapping on his office door as it creaked open on its weathered hinges.  Castiel couldn't lie.  He was expecting it to be Dean.  Somewhere indefinable, he might even go so far as to categorize the feeling as hopeful, but that wasn’t a feeling he would allow himself.  It wasn’t Dean, though.  It was, however, the dean, Naomi, her eyes darting disdainfully around the cluttered space, but face plastered with an insincere, tight-lipped smile.
He couldn't do anything with this number.  Dean was his new student.  Dean was almost assuredly half Castiel’s age.  Dean was a stripper at a seedy gay club.  Dean smelled like strawberries.  Dean had freckles.  Dean was more beautiful than any artwork Castiel had ever seen.  His list of cons all sounded suspiciously like pros.  Castiel was very screwed.
Hiding his blush, Dean hollowed his cheeks and sucked hard, causing Cas to swear under his breath before he was allowed to pull off.
“He put you up to this?” Charlie pointedly took another bite, a sly smile twitching at the corners of her mouth.
“M’ fine,” mumbled Dean, leaning his back against the outerwall of the bathroom stall.
“Wait, he said that!?”  Charlies eyes were bugging out of her skull.  “No way!  He’s always been nice to me.  I mean, he gave Dean one.”
Dean gave the illusion he was deep in thought.  “Maybe I can help with that.”
Automatically, Dean’s eyes flashed to the sad pillow propped against the arm of the couch and the too-thin blanket draped over the back and there really wasn’t much of a decision to be made.  He wasn’t about to announce the fact his bedroom was a glorified second-hand couch.  So he thanked whoever wasn’t paying attention for the good fortune that his pal Benny was otherwise occupied tonight and he swore to no one in particular that he would pay for the dry cleaning tomorrow, before he was tightening his fists into the front of Castiel’s leather jacket and clumsily guiding them both along backwards towards Benny’s room.  Castiel followed, scarcely allowing his eager lips and roving tongue to leave Dean’s the whole way there.
“Hey, Cas…” Dean rests a hand against the door frame and stares at Cas staring at his dress shoes, willing him to get on with it.  He tries his best to avoid direct eye contact as well.
“Do we need menus?” asked Castiel, looking to the three of them in confusion.
“I prefer herbal tea.”
“Or maybe it really was looking for a vessel to contain it,” Cas offers stonily as he noisily gets to his feet.  “If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to check on Dean.”
Dean lifted his chin.  “What about me?”
“I wasn’t sure what to expect. Past experience has taught me to always be wary when opening doors.”
“Yeah, funny you should say that. I mentioned that to him, but it didn’t seem to matter.  Honestly?  Just seemed to get under his skin.”
“I’ve been thinking about you,” his only sort-of girlfriend purred in his ear.
“You’re not gonna kill him, are you?”
When Dean refused to answer this too, the back of his hand landed against the high ridge of his cheekbone. Dean flinched; it hurt, but he held firm. He wanted more. Wanted it harder. Wanted it to hurt. He wanted to be punished for what he did tonight. For what he did last week, for what he hadn’t even done yet. He wanted to feel it even when Cas wasn’t around.
Jo gathered her coat and purse from the hook quickly and went back to the front to tell her mom, Ellen, she would meet her at home and that Dean would be taking care of the tables.  She didn’t seem to object from what Dean could overhear through the din of the speakers and the few diners.  She actually seemed impressed that Dean had offered to do it at all and that came as a bit of a shock to Dean’s system.  People weren’t usually impressed by Dean for anything other than his face.  He was just there.  He wasn’t impressive.  But he allowed himself to have this one moment, just because of how rare it was.
“There are two options in terms of essay topic, for your testing convenience.”  Returning to the front of the room, he said, “When you have finished, you may quietly bring your exam to the front and deposit it on the podium.  Afterwards, you’re free to leave.”
In case your guys forgot this was cracky 😂
Signing the cross over his chest, Castiel sprinkled the holy water as he watched Dean squirm.  “Why Dean?”
Dean shook his head and replied with a fond smile.
talking about Castiel Novak here, right?  The same guy who jerks off to Comparative Literature?”
“I-" Dean swallowed hard. "I love you, too.”
What Dean was typing, he didn’t really know.  He was halfheartedly stringing sentences together solely to get Charlie to quit giving him knowing glares over the top of her laptop.  Gnawing on his lower lip, he’d thought back to the lectures they’d gotten on Michelangelo last week.  About David.  The vigilant boy ready to pick a fight.  It seemed heavy-handed, but Dean knew Michelangelo was Castiel’s favorite.  He’d said so.  It seemed like the easy choice to choose one of his works.  But David?  That seemed almost too easy.  Dean still had the subconscious desire to impress Professor Novak, regardless of whether or not he was taken.  Maybe that was why this seemed harder than it needed to be, Dean thought as he paused to crack his knuckles.
A hand shot up near the back of the room and Castiel gestured towards the student.  “How long do we have to do this?”
His hand snaked below his waistband, brushing his fingers down the trail of hair from his navel to the base of his cock, as his head dropped off to the side.  He planted wet kisses under Castiel’s ear, just above his shirt collar, and Castiel inclined his head to allow him access without even thinking about it.  “
That was the first revelation he’d had upon crossing the threshold to his apartment Saturday morning.  In fact, despite everything, he was feeling better than he had in a very long time.  You know, generally speaking.  He just didn’t care to analyze why that was.
“That’s it?”  Dean was skeptical.  There had to be some other trick.  Anybody could just not do something.
“Is there anything else we can do?”
Reaching for his clipboard, Ash scanned over the sheet for the name ‘Damien’, squinting to see through the red light.  “You got two.  Congrats, amigo.”
"Do it," he dared.
“What, like the Brady Bunch? Sorry, not for me.”
He choked on his wine a little when he saw it, hastily looking around to see if anyone else noticed him making a mess of himself in the middle of the room, or more importantly, if anyone was seeing what he was seeing.  Fortunately, most everyone else was absorbed in conversation.  Everyone except one other guy who looked just as miserable about being dragged out to a local art show as Dean felt.  All brooding stoicism and reclusion.  Dark hair and blue eyes.  A real Matt Brody type, but presumably with a bigger brain.  And he was looking at this bizarro painting that Dean was currently having a conniption over, eyebrows twisting, like he was wondering why there was a big ol’ dick hanging in the middle of this hoity toity art show too.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted in a burst of breath, “I would like to speak with Dean.”  He felt like he might explode at this rate.  “Please,” he tacked on as an afterthought.
“I asked to be here,” he said.  “I was given the choice.”
Before Dean scampered off to the showers, he tugged Cas in for a soft, lingering kiss.  “I’m gonna love whatever you made because you made it,” he murmured against his lips with a fond smile that Cas couldn’t help but return.
“Shit,” he panted out.  His cheeks were flushed from exertion or embarrassment as he realized his error.  “Sorry,” he murmured almost shyly, as he scrambled for the tissues on the side table.  He did his best to clean the front of Castiel’s lap, but Castiel just giggled.
“Where do you even find all these guys anyway, huh? You put out a friggin’ want ad or something?”
“Dean…”  Castiel wasn’t sure what his own voice would sound like when he saw Dean, but he wasn’t expecting it to sound like that.  Defeated.  Desperate.  Pathetic.  He hated it.
After what felt like ages, Balthazar coughed out a mirthless laugh, head hanging loosely on his neck against the wall.  The pavement seemed fascinating by the way he was analyzing it.  “Jesus, tell me how you really feel.”  He kicked at some loose gravel before decisively pushing himself off the wall, stare still focused on the ground.  “You want to know what’s funny, Cassie?  Your life really isn’t half as difficult as you make it for yourself.  You tell me I’m selfish, yet you’ve not once stopped to consider the fact that the only reason I feel compelled to intoxicate myself is because of you in the first place.  It’s the only way I know how to be around you anymore.  And as far as your premature mid-life crisis is concerned, maybe you wouldn’t find your life so painfully dull if you stopped fucking living inside your own head every once in a while.”
Dean furrowed his brows.  He didn’t want to be reminded, but he could tell Ash meant every word, so he swallowed, throat clicking, and gave a lazy nod.  “Message received.  Now you wanna tell me why you knocked?”
was more like it.  School never really came naturally to Dean and he had to work twice as hard to maintain his grades as most of the other guys on the team, but even if he didn’t really care about football as much as his Dad did, Dean could admit, just in this moment, maybe he was a little proud of himself too.
Bashfully, Cas rubs at the nape of his neck, a subtle blush blooming on his cheeks as he avoids Dean’s stare. “Where do I begin,” he wonders with a deep breath. Grounds himself, before letting it out.  Stepping into Dean’s personal space then, he pulls him down to sit on the end of the bed, entwining their fingers in his lap and gazing at them as if they hold the answer to his own question. “Sam and Eileen helped me write a better version of this down on paper before we flew out here,” he admits, “But being here with you now, like this, I think I’m just going to ‘wing’ it, as they say.”
Smoothly, Damien managed to pull himself to his feet in one fluid motion, crowding against Castiel’s knees with a playful smirk on his face.  “You gonna open up for me?”  He nudged at a knee.
“What happened?  Is he alright?  Where are you?  Do you need me to come get you?”  Castiel asked these things as easy as breathing.
Later that night, lying face up in his far-too-empty bed and soaking in the water stain on the ceiling, Castiel realized to himself briefly before falling asleep, that maybe he wasn’t as professional as he’d originally believed.  And maybe, instead of the lack of feeling, he was feeling far too many things at once.
“You seem very tense.”  He turns to Cas then and mutters: “Cassie, you never told me how gorgeous he is.”
The bell jingles again as the man opens his mouth to say something probably none too kind.
Poorly planned apologies and drunken sex counted for a lot in Dean’s book apparently, for someone that claimed it wasn't a ‘big deal’.  That broke Castiel’s heart a little more than it should have in the moment, but he didn’t show it.  Besides, what must Dean think of him?  He was that big of a jealous asshole to be noticed?  To be the cause of this sour mood?
They’d only been asleep for a couple hours now.  It was just before dawn breaking; the sun was scarcely showing itself in the muted sky and the high ridge of Dean’s cheekbone was aglow in the intermittent pulse of the neon sign flashing in the fog.  He looked more beautiful still while he slept.  The relaxed rise and fall of his chest inside the cage of Castiel’s arms.  A warrior at peace for now.  Because Dean had still been fighting up until sleep carried him away, but Castiel expected nothing less.
She was nice and pretty and had long, dark hair. Castiel hated that.
“I still don’t have weird kinks,” he muttered.
“Thank you,” Charlie supplied for him with a bright smile.  “I painted them on him myself!”
“Guess you thought wrong then.”
His arms wove around him, pulling Dean closer, and the only response Dean could muster was a shuddered sigh when Castiel brushed a tender kiss to the nape of his neck.
Just as he anticipated, he hardly slept a wink.
His half-lidded, lust-blown eyes peered up at him from the floor and the sight had been almost enough for Castiel to involuntarily lose his load; that familiar feeling raising in his groin, but he staved off his own orgasm, not wanting whatever this was between them to end yet despite how desperately he wanted to come just like this.
“Yeah, Cas, I got you,” he cooed.  “Don’t worry.”  His hand was massaging Castiel’s ass while he attempted to insert a third finger.  Castiel’s thighs were vibrating as Dean accidentally brushed over that spot again.
Castiel caught up quickly, closing his eyes to it, and Dean was kissing him almost painfully, pressing in against Castiel’s teeth and forcing his tongue in.  He belatedly responded by gripping the front of Dean’s jacket tightly between his fingers, holding on, and breathing against his mouth a raspy, “Dean.”
“Sam, I said drop it,” Dean warned.  “We came here to get you safe and that’s what we’re gonna do, so sit there and eat your goddamn pancakes.  I gotta go make a call.”
“What’s he doing here?”  He heard Lisa mutter to Dean.
“Dean,” he says, tone hushed, “I think it would mean a lot to Jack if we all did something together.” He looks pained. Like he's just saying it because it's the right thing to do. And it might be, but Dean could think of at least two other things he would rather do tonight, both of which uncoincidentally involve Cas, but he doesn't need to know that.
Castiel was on his fifth shot of cheap tequila now.  He wasn’t sure who kept calling it, he just knew when they did he had to take another.  Hastily, he threw it back and gagged as it burned his tongue and throat and reached for the nearest lime, sucking like his life depended on it.  When it was wrung dry, he tossed the rind to the sticky floor and laughed.
He looked down to their clasped hands settled on his lap, to the intimate way Castiel was stroking his thumb with his own, and he found this wasn’t as hard as he’d always imagined it would be.  Maybe it was just the company.
Castiel couldn't look away from how it seemed to swallow the lace band and he wanted nothing more then to slip his finger around it and tug it aside.  It had no right to feel like a gift just for him, but it did, and he dragged his nails over his thighs again to prevent himself from reaching out.  He groaned an acknowledgment to the question as Damien sunk to his knees and arched his ass in slow circles, cheeks spreading on every backwards thrust.  He could hear a light chuckle emit from Damien’s throat as he rolled over onto his back, propping himself up on his elbows.  He reached out a bare foot and toed it along Castiel’s inseam, inching higher and higher.  He pressed it against the heat, eyes locking on Castiel’s own before engulfing the rest of him.
Balthazar checked the time on his phone in frustration.  “The reservations are for ten minutes from now!  We won't make it there in ten minutes,” he complained, holding the time out to Castiel, as he rolled his eyes.
“Thank you, I will.  You have a good night as well,” he waved, though she turned before he was even done with the sentence.  Apparently giving the compliment was just as painful for her as it was for Castiel to receive it.
It was finally starting to catch up to him exactly what transpired over the weekend.  He’d not only fucked his student, he’d lost someone to confide in in the process.  Balthazar still hadn’t sent any texts offering out an apology.  And Castiel really wasn’t expecting one, but he was still hoping for one anyway.  He just didn’t want to be the one to hold up the white flag.
“I’m being serious.”
It didn't escape Castiel how unfair the dynamics of this situation were either.  He wasn't allowed to touch, but Damien could touch whatever he wanted.  Castiel only had so much to give while fully clothed anyway, but Damien found a weakness in his armor.  Castiel’s head met the back of the sofa when nimble hands met his zipper and slowly tugged it down just enough to reach inside.  Damien took him in his warm hand and languidly stroked, smearing precum around the head with his fingers while occasionally thumbing at the slit.  He was rubbing his own length through the lace and what Castiel would have paid for them to meet in the middle right then, he couldn't say.
The room was already full.  He heard the distant muttering of one of his students wondering to another if he were going to be a ‘dick’ again today, but Castiel chose to ignore the muttering in favor of keeping his sanity.  Setting everything down on the front table, he turned back to face everyone, running fingers through his windswept hair to calm his already startlingly frayed nerves.  At this rate, his personal life was starting to feel like it was painted by Wassily Kandinsky himself.  One, big, intangible mess of shattered pieces.  And then, like a calming place for the eye to rest in the midst of the abstract chaos, his sights landed on Dean.
The majority of students clustered towards the door, but when he hazarded a glance in Dean’s direction, he was in the middle of what appeared to be a rather animated conversation with a new friend, Charlie Bradbury.  One of the better students in the Graphic Design department or so he’d heard.  A good student and a nice girl.  The interaction resolved itself in a fit of laughter and bright smiles when Dean’s eyes darted over and caught Castiel’s.  Castiel quickly busied himself in gathering his things, heat spreading to the tips of his ears at having been spotted, but he didn’t miss the spark of curiosity that danced across Dean’s features at the unwarranted attention before Dean focused his own back to Charlie.  Somehow, Dean was even more radiant when he laughed.
The ghost of insecurity danced across Castiel’s features so swiftly Dean almost thought he’d imagined it, but he refrained from answering the question and Dean’s stomach tied itself in a knot.
,” he repeats.
“Hello?
All of a sudden, the ugly floral design around the rim of the plate Dean held had become particularly interesting.
He bit back whatever was left of his pride and lightly rapped on the apartment door with his good knuckle.  The shuffling on the other side ceased and there was a moment before it opened that Dean thought that maybe he should just be honest with Sam and keep Castiel’s hands clean of this whole mess.
After Dean dried off and put a fresh pair of underwear on, he found some questionable leftovers in the fridge and made them his dinner.  It was Chinese.  Probably.  He ate it cold, as he usually did, just because he couldn’t be bothered.  He grabbed the whiskey off the top of fridge and made his way back over to the couch, taking a couple swigs from the bottle and swishing it around his mouth to wash down that mystery flavor.
“Not even a little bit,” he laughed.  “Anyway, I’m washing this stank off me.  I’m sure I’ll see you tomorrow, brother,” he added with a wink and another overzealous slap to his ass.
“Why the hell not?”
That task proved more difficult than it should’ve been.  Castiel blinked hard and willed the floor to stop moving before he looked up.  When he did, Dean did his best at a reassuring smile.
Truth be told, Castiel couldn’t feel his face and he wasn’t entirely convinced he even had one anymore.  That had been the first thing to go, but he knew he was grinning.  Warm all over.  His arms tingled and his legs were a little bit like jello too.  Definitely grape, not cherry.  He couldn’t decide if that was a good thing or a bad thing right now, but he found he didn’t really care yet.  Right now, he didn’t really care about anything and it felt fucking fantastic.
The irony wasn’t lost on him this time.
“Whaddya know, Dean. It's three against one!” Sam emphatically scribbles the points down with his pen and casts Dean a cocky grin. The gigantic bastard.
“What are you saying? You want me to go home?”
“Because if you refuse me, I want to make you suffer.  Rotting away in a claustrophobic prison cell until someone takes mercy on you and euthanizes you.  Just as you tried to do to me.  Best case scenario for slaughtering an innocent family, afterall, Father.”  Dean grinned.  “If I can’t have you no one can.”
Castiel didn’t miss the subtle shift.  “I’ll consider the recommendation.”
Dean swallows and briefly glances to Cas who seems to be fearing the exact same thing Dean is.  At least, there’s that, but it's probably for different reasons.  “Get to the point, kid.”
Castiel turned his head with a curious tilt as Dean lazily lolled his own against the glass to meet him.  At such a close range, in broad daylight no less, Dean’s freckles stood out across the bridge of his nose.  His green eyes highlighted an almost golden hue by the sunlight streaming through his thick lashes.  Castiel may as well not have been wearing sunglasses at all because they were doing nothing to disguise him.  Dean still caught a glimpse of his adam’s apple bobbing thickly in his throat.  Much like that second meeting in his office, Castiel didn’t know what to say.
(See the end of the chapter for
Monday came and Castiel dutifully went to his Figure Drawing class.  He arranged the still life props around the model again which had obviously been moved by the cleaning staff over the weekend and he forced himself to focus only on the task at hand.
No one said anything about it.
“On the contrary, I’ve done so much for you, Castiel.  I did all of it for you.  If only you knew.”  He drew patterns into his skin as he mulled it over.  Skin raising with gooseflesh and turning white underneath the blade.  “The way I see it is, you can either submit to me, or someone else has to go, but I can’t promise you’re going to like the answer.”
Dean’s eyes flicked back to the reflection in the window.  Taunting him.  An impish grin slowly spreading out across his face while he teased the point of the knife across the sensitive skin at Castiel’s side and wiggled his thumb still inserted in him.  Castiel involuntarily shivered under the touch.
Castiel quickly used the soap to clean himself and then he turned around to offer Dean the spot under the shower head.  He didn’t hand him the soap.  Instead, he did that part himself.  With soapy hands and a washcloth, he washed over Dean’s back for him.
Charlie afforded him a withering look as they came to rest in a nice, grassy area under the big tree.  “You’re hilarious, Dean.  Aren’t you gay too?”
“Just my lucky day, I guess,” he joked with barely concealed contempt for himself.
“Dean,” he gasped, clawing for breath.  “Dean, you have to force him out!  Please!  I know you’re in there!  I know you can hear me!  You have to force him out!”
The boy released a long exhale of blown smoke.  “What’s your poison?”
Sam rolls his eyes and comes into the room anyway, closing the door behind him.  He waits by the door, but his eyes are still pleading a little bit.  His throat clicks as he carefully sorts through his words.  “Look, about earlier,” he starts, hand carding through his hair with a huff, “I know it's personal, but you're all we have to go off.  I think there's more to this thing.  Something we’re missing.”
Dean huffed another laugh, wanting to desperately explain why she might change her mind on that, but then, the door to the garage opened and John was heading to the fridge for another round of beers.
“What about ‘em?”
The bartender came back with two very full glasses of beer, foam sloshing over the edge when he placed them on the bartop and as quickly as it had the bartender was there with a new rag wiping the counter off.
“Love you,” he whispered low and urgent against the shell of Castiel’s ear.  “Know you love me too.”  Dean worried the lobe between his teeth and Castiel fought to stifle a groan at the sensations coursing through him straight to the pit low in his stomach.
Castiel blushed, embarrassed for himself anyway.  “Yeah, I guess that makes sense.”
Mary gaped.  “I wasn’t!  You kids and your ‘casual dating’.  I don’t even know what that means and I don’t think I want to.”  She resumed washing, really lathering up the next dish, before bothering to ask, “Hey, you know, I ran into Nancy Novak last week at the store and I was thinking... whatever happened to that boy Castiel?”
“What?  No kiss?”
The flash of the muzzle firing.  The cracking of bone.  The spray of blood.  The overwhelming sense of relief at finding Dean safe.  He remembers those, holds onto them.
“Cas-”  His face began to crumple.  “Cas... I was so damn stupid.”
“He only did a few bumps!  Don’t be so fucking dramatic!”
Irritably, Dean snapped, “What?”
Balthazar just gave a flippant hand gesture as he reached for Castiel’s beer again.  “I didn’t like him,” was all Balthazar had the audacity to say.
“It’s no big deal,” Dean sniffed, putting his plate in the sink.
Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s knee before he simply answered, “Everything.”  He placed a matching kiss on the other knee as he brought a hand up to replace the one working Dean’s cock.  Leisurely, he stroked, pressing open-mouthed kisses along the sensitive skin of Dean’s freckled inner thighs until he found his way to Dean’s balls.  Hooded eyes never leaving Dean’s, he gently sucked one into his mouth and then the other, tongue laving a line along the seam, nosing at the underside of Dean’s cock.  And he moaned around them, like having Dean’s balls in his mouth was the best fucking thing to ever happen to him.  And just as leisurely as he’d stroked him, he licked a long, wet stripe up to the head and he sucked a kiss to the tip.
“Why else would it need to store it’s victims in the same place?”
They traded smiles and Dean walked with him across the living room towards the front door.  They both ignored Benny who was sat on the sofa with his bare feet propped up on the coffee table, noisily slurping a bowl of cereal.  As they passed, Castiel took stock of the lumpy bed pillow propped on one end of the couch along with the quilted blanket folded next to it, but he didn’t mention it.  It wasn’t his place.  As they went out onto the hallway landing.  A muffled, “Bye, Daddy,” could be heard as they closed the door behind them.
“Dean,” he tries again, slightly louder.  “Dean, can you hear me?”
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Dean gasped, canting his hips backwards.  “Keep goin’.”
Dean let out one brief, bitter laugh and shrugged.  “I know what I saw, Charles.  They’re a thing.”  Darling.  Pressing his back against the bricks, he let his head fall back with a dull thud, watching the blinking cursor on the screen, and then glancing back to Charlie’s over-invested expression.  She looked like she was about to shit rainbows or something.  “Why are you so happy about it?”
She tried to glower and pout, but her lips turned up in the corners and she rolled her eyes at him like she usually did.  “Shut up,” she said with a nudge before scooting back to her side of the seat.  She laid her hand on the door handle, fixing to get out, but she sat still for a moment, pondering.  She looked over to him then.  “You know, you’re not like the other guys… Most of those guys on the team, they’re just after the one thing.  That’s what I like about you, Dean.  You’re different.”
“That didn’t sound like a ‘no’, though.”
“Did you see it?”
“Yeah, Cas, of course,” says Sam, smile reassuring, before lumbering into the driver’s seat.
“But what about Dean?  If it’s a demon, can’t we just exorcise it?”
Aaron steeled himself and sighed.  “No.  That’s not it.”
“I mean, I don’t swing that way, but I also ain’t sayin’ no or anything.  Don’t like to leave any leaf unturned, if you know what I mean.”
Castiel’s choices were slim.  Stand there like an idiot and most likely receive another punch to the gut or sit down next to Dean.  The presumed consequences of which didn’t feel much different than the former, but with a brief exhaled, “thank you,” he took the seat.
“Fine.”  With a dramatic huff, Castiel closed his book. He wasn’t getting anything done anyway, not with his mind preoccupied with other frivolous matters. “We were watching something in my bed the other night and, I dunno, I guess I thought we were having a ‘moment,’ but nothing actually
John barely made a peep from the head of the table.  Face as stoic as ever.  “About time,” he said simply.  Maybe a small smile that Dean would miss if he weren’t searching for it his whole life.  He couldn't even remember a time he'd heard his Dad say anything else.
“What?”
“What?  Are we just supposed to be ignoring the fact the man has an erection?”
And yet he prayed.
Castiel gave her a small, genuine smile.  “I think that sounds like an excellent idea.  I don’t know Dorothy, but it’s a wrong that should be righted as quickly as possible,” he teased, gesturing to the drawings surrounding them, “Especially while the Michelangelo exhibit is still in town.”
“I’m busy,” he decided, not without hating himself a little more for saying it.  “I’ll fuck you tomorrow.”
Castiel was propped up on his bed with his nose stuffed in his Molecular Biology textbook, not sparing Dean or his smug grin even the slightest of annoyed glances.  “Hmmm. I dunno,” he boredly intoned, “the possibilities are endless.”
“I want you to look me in the eye and tell me you didn’t do something so completely and utterly foolish,” he demanded.  “And please, for the love of God, Castiel, do not try to lie to me.”
“Really? That’s interesting. Because from where I’m standing, me bringing home ‘random guys’ is no different than having to endure it when you bring women home from the bar.  You think those girls are any quieter?”
“Anyway,” Dean segued with a smirk, eyeing him suspiciously over his bacon, “Enough about my night.  How was yours?”
Aaron hesitated a moment by the door before entering the office.  Cautiously, he took a seat in the ripped chair across from Castiel.  The one Balthazar hadn’t bothered to grace all week, Castiel absently noted.
“You been up there all night,” John noted as he rinsed off his plate.  “Get your homework done?”
Castiel hummed in sleepy agreement.  “I'd be more concerned if you didn't.”
Four texts from Charlie.  The first of which was his name dragged out unnecessarily long.  The second, an ‘I miss you’.  The third demanded Dean leave work immediately and come hang out.  And the fourth confirmed that Charlie was most definitely drunk by way of a shakily snapped photo of her and Dorothy clinging to each other with too-big grins.
“What? Why? It’s just more school.”
Castiel could really get used to that.
So he did.
Next, he made his own bed then he plodded over to Dean’s after to make it properly.  He straightened out the sheets, tucked the comforter back into the foot of the bed, and then reached for the pillows to fluff them up too.
“Balthazar, I know I said some hurtful things to you and I wish I could say I didn’t mean any of it, but the truth is I meant what I said.  I meant it, but I’m still sorry I said it.  I wish I could change it... put it behind us and move forward like we always have.  Even with everything that’s happened between us, I don’t know where I’d be without you in my life.  You’re my best friend and I--”
He was Dean’s professor, he reminded himself for the millionth time this week, he was simply concerned for the well being of one of his student’s, he tried to convince himself.  That didn’t seem to stop his subconscious from conjuring up yet even more dreams still.  They were getting increasingly more creative, having more fuel stoking the fire, and sometimes, they weren’t even sexual.
Reaching over to the knob on the radio, Sam adjusts the station to some light indie music that Dean would most decidedly hate, having once referred to it as “pussy rock”, but Jack seems content enough to eat his candy bar and listen to it and, for that, Sam is grateful.
He’d barely laid himself down before Dean was collecting him in his arms almost as possessively as Castiel had gripped his throat.  More so, the longer he’d held him there.
Dean wanted to laugh.  Honestly, he did.  The notion that John Winchester was capable of taking care of anything including himself was laughable at best, but it hurt too much in his chest to expel any air.  If he could take care of a kid, Dean wouldn’t be the way that he was:  A discarded facsimile of what his father used to be.  A cardboard cut out of a person instead of a kid himself.
Their eyes met and they exchanged equally sheepish looks until Castiel’s sights shifted over Dean’s shoulder.  Dean sucked in a deep breath like he’d forgotten to breathe.  Maybe he should’ve mentioned he wasn’t alone…
“Five dollar minimum,” Charlie helpfully chirped.
“In the boiler room?  Yes, of course, but it was empty aside from the boiler and the water tank and some old, copper piping.  Why?  You don’t think…” Cas trails off, furrowing his brows.
Clearing his throat, Aaron breathed hard through his nose and then he finally blurted out, “I don’t have it,” in a rush of breath.
“This is nice, Cas.  Thank you.”
“He’s just worried.  We all were… Myself especially.”
He debated with himself for a few minutes, staring at the phone out the corner of his eye while he downed the rest of his tea now turned cold by the breeze.  It was slightly bitter against his tongue.  Decidedly, he made another cup, letting it steep on the counter for a full five minutes before returning to his bedroom and retaking his seat on the stool.
“Dean, you need to promise me,” Castiel growled over him, “when the time comes, you'll be the one to do it.”
“Uh, actually, it's me,” says Sam, clearing his throat at the end.
With another sigh, Dean gets in the shower.  He scrubs at the sensitive skin around his nipples, the tender area near his dick, making sure to wash just about everywhere that ungodly monster touched him in his mind, despite knowing it was just that.  It didn’t really happen.  He scrubs at his scalp anyway in hopes that the soap will reach through and wash his brain clean.  He knows he can’t stay in there forever, but he decidedly milks it for as long as possible.  Till the hot water turns luke warm and the pads of his fingers look like prunes.
“Hannah, you in?”  She must have been, her Prius was in the driveway.
Balthazar placed the now finished beer back on the bartop and raised his hands in surrender as he swiveled off the stool.  “Okay, fine, we’ll talk outside.”  It came out dismissive, which just stoked Castiel’s anger all the more.
“Damn straight.”
Chuck caught his heart in his hand and breathed deeply through his nose.  “Jeez, Dean, you scared the crap outta me.”
Something in him must have sounded broken, because Dean did wait, but none of his apprehension bled out.  If anything, it increased tenfold as he turned to face Castiel again.  “Why the fuck are you here?” he asked with a voice as sharp as a razor.
The frozen yogurt cart was back again today and Dean really couldn’t find any reason to turn down an extra helping of gummy worms.  Judging by the dark clouds looming on the horizon, it looked like it might rain again soon.  They managed to nab one of the tables under the overhang to eat together before his midshift at the Roadhouse.
Crossing the crosswalk, Dean lowered himself down on one of the worn benches overlooking the dark water, seemingly entranced by the slow blinking lights across the shore playfully dancing across the surface.  Absently, he calculated how easy it would be to just jump the rail, but he wasn't that far gone, so he laughed the notion away.
Unsticking his hand, the crucifix peeled out of the brand and coiled off to the side.  He waited a moment longer still.  Nothing.  Craning his neck in to hover over Dean, Castiel placed his ear by Dean’s mouth and he could discern a whispering breath.  A reedy, wet sound.  Dean was still alive, hanging on by a thread.  In a rush, Castiel recited the Lord’s Prayer again in closing, before he pushed himself to his feet.  He was scrambling for the staircase, taking them two at a time, and when he got to the top he banged on the door with open palms.
“You have been spending a lot more time here lately, though. Why is that?”
“Love you, bitch,” said Charlie with a light punch to his shoulder.
“Yeah?”  Dean chuckles.  “I dunno, you look alright,” he says with some noncommittal shrug, but Cas feels like blushing about it anyway.  Cas doesn't say anything though, he just waits.
Cas tugged Dean even faster and if it didn’t feel so fucking good, Dean might’ve been concerned about the dick burn, but instead his stomach was churning with the need for release.  It only took a handful of thrusts before Dean was coming all over the wall and their combined fists with a hoarse shout.  His fingers scrabbled at the wet tiles for purchase, but instead he leaned into it as Cas continued to chase his own orgasm.  He was just this side of oversensitive when Cas abruptly stilled and the surge of hot cum filled him instead as Cas growled into his skin, pushing it as deep as it could go.
“Jesus, you’re like an overexcited puppy.”  Slipping her hand between them into her own tight jeans, she came up holding a dime bag pinched between her fingers.  A thick line of white powder settling at the bottom.
The weight of Cas’ words lived in Dean’s head rent free these last few months.  They were hanging over him even now.  He just wanted to say it back, but he didn’t want to freak him out.
Standing from the table, backpack slung over his shoulder and keys to the Impala in hand, Dean cleared his throat.  “You comin’ or what?”
Dean blinked at him as the words caught up to him.  He cleared his throat.  “Hey, Cas,” he said, holding up a greasy brown paper bag.  “Brought you back some food from the caf.”
“Oh, please,” huffed Dean, rolling his eyes.  “I already said I’d go to the laundromat.”  He returned his attentions to the closet, rummaging around for one of his own t-shirts, and he pulled one on while tossing Benny’s Pink Floyd shirt towards the couch where he sat.  Then, he found a pair of jeans and pulled those on as well.
Lifting a hand, he beckoned the bartender over to his end of the bar.  “What’s good here?” he asked, once the bartender reached him.
But that had been weeks ago.  It hadn’t been so easy.
That was what he got for being nosy, he figured.  He knew he shouldn’t have taken his boots off.  He rubbed the foot and let his sights linger.  While part of him was curious to look in the flat file, he didn’t dare.  Instead, he wandered down the hallway with the hopes of finding the source of the roasted coffee he smelled.
“That’s quite alright if you don’t remember.”  He suppressed a smile at hearing the man’s voice, however stilted.  Dean Winchester was a pleasant enough man to be around.  When Dean didn’t say anything further, Castiel prompted, “Tell me of your transgressions?”
“Go to sleep, Dean,” he fondly exasperated, “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean pulled out a flask of straight whiskey he managed to swipe from John’s liquor cabinet from the interior pocket of his letterman jacket.  It was the cheap shit that tasted like gasoline and burned the back of your throat, but free’s free, and Dean figured John wouldn’t miss this one.  He choked back a healthy swig for himself before offering it up to the others, but they declined, knowing full well how awful it really was.  “Suit yourselves.”  He clicked his tongue and took another burning sip.
“Like I said. Just a thing I like to do sometimes.  My ex girlfriend Rhonda got me into it.”
“So you don’t think less of me for it?”  He asked without thinking and braced himself for the answer, but Castiel didn’t have to think about it at all.
Castiel said nothing.
“Your husband, did he say anything to you?” asks Sam over Cas’ shoulder.
Afterall, they were going to have the bunker to themselves; Dean loved nothing more than food; and the prospect of showing Dean how much he meant to him through an act of service was Cas’ exact brand of love language.  The only issue was that Cas didn’t know how to eat, let alone cook, but all the blogs on the internet had told him that this was the most romantic option to spice up a long-term relationship.  And maybe they didn’t quite fall under that category only having gotten together recently, but it felt wrong to dismiss the years of foundational legwork it took to get them here.  So, he counted it, as well as the change in the pocket of his trench coat as he stood in line at the grocery store, and he found he was coming up a few dollars short of the total.
Dean let out a sound mocking laughter and shook his head.  “He called me.  Said he found the money I sent and told me to fuck off.”
Behind the wheel, Crowley grinned back once he spotted the outline of him in the dark and cranked his window down lower.  “Get in loser, we’re going shopping!”
Dean sheepishly brought the bottle to his lips to buy him some time, but after burning his throat, he was no better off than he was before he took a drink. “Um, nobody I guess. Never really thought about it—kissing girls I mean,” he confessed, desperately trying to laugh it off, but Castiel wasn’t laughing with him. He should’ve just made up a name. Any name. But it was too late.
“Heya, Cas.”
Not to mention, the multiple missed calls he’d received again from his sister that morning.  Missed due to the fact he blatantly ignored them.  He was essentially sitting on a ticking time bomb with no one else to help diffuse the situation, but at the end of the day, what was the difference?
Castiel inhaled a shuddering thing and deleted the message, pocketing the phone.  Erased like it never happened.  With an unsteady hand, he brought the tea to his lips and sipped to ground himself.  Afterall, he’d expected this call eventually.
And shit, he really lost a whole day.
Cas is in the middle of fidgeting with the too-long sleeves of his ugly, two-sizes-too-big sweater when Dean has to bite out a harsh laugh.  “Cas, could you do us both a favor and pull the trigger already?  Feel like I’m waiting in line at the slaughterhouse or somethin’.”
What if Cas appeared at his door?  What if that’s just wishful thinking?
“Truthfully?  I couldn’t care less.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“You’re gonna be alright, man.  Let’s go home.”  Carefully, Dean shifted Castiel so that he was bearing his weight for the inevitably unsteady walk back to the dorms. Castiel took the opportunity to rest his spinning head on Dean’s shoulder.  “I got you,” Dean cooed into the mess of hair on top of Castiel’s head.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
It wasn’t as though Castiel could remember, but he found he believed him anyway.  He looked to the asphalt then, nostrils flaring Dean’s to match.  “I need a ride,” he snapped, voice strained.
The chant caught fire all the way up to the nosebleeds and just in this moment, Dean allowed himself to get caught up in it.  He smiled up at his parents and his little brother Sam watching on from the bleachers and he waved to them with the scant energy still stored in his reserves.  They bumped fists with the players from Olathe South, customary congratulations, some not so friendly accusations made on either side, while others met up with people waiting in the wings.
“You know what kind.”  In the distance, the crowd was cheering again.  Another field goal kick.  Must be the fourth quarter.  Accusingly, she asked, “Where even are you right now?”
“No!  No, I’ll take it.”
“Good afternoon, everyone,” he greeted breathless and deflated as he attempted to juggle his things through the door.
After a few minutes of what he considered valiant searching, he gave up when he spotted his best friend Benny and a couple of the other guys from the team taking up space in the living room.
“Lisa, look—”  Trying to focus on where to start, he was startled when Lisa’s hand skimmed over the top of his thigh and inched dangerously close to the center of his lap.  Her lips brushed the outer shell of his ear and Dean’s legs quivered, throat going dry.  “Lis—”  He cut himself off with a low groan, head falling to the back of the seat, and eyelids fluttering closed when she made contact.  He forced himself to breathe evenly through his nose.
“I mean in high school. Do you think we’ll still be friends? Like... say graduation rolls around, are we still going to be up here doing this?”
Balthazar seemed to be considering the options, of which there weren't many, as he hummed into his mimosa.  “I suppose all you can really do is ignore it and hope it goes away.  According to you, you're quite good at that.”  Lifting his drink, he clinked their glasses together, looking all too pleased with himself per usual.  “Cheers.”
He gathered up his robe from the carpet and shrugged it back on.  Heading back down the hall to the changing room, he collected his phone out of his duffle bag and then closed the door to the employee toilet and assessed himself privately in the mirror.  The hits were swelling already.  He looked like shit.  The bastard must have been wearing a ring or something, because there was a raised welt in the center of each hit.
He decided to send off a text to Charlie asking about that party he missed just for something else to do.  Though in retrospect, he really didn’t feel like he’d missed anything.  Last night had turned out infinitely better than he’d originally anticipated, all things considered.
He unlocked his door and went through the same nightly routine of feeding his cat and then himself.  He showered, roughly dragging fingers through tangled, wet hair, and attempted to masturbate, but he couldn’t.  He didn’t want to tonight, he realized with a sigh.  Not bothering with pajamas either, he crawled into bed and stared at that same browned water stain in the corner of the room.
Eventually the others decided just maybe they did want a little of the swill Dean packed.  The air was still hazy and it smelled like weed and cheap alcohol.  The music was too loud to even think about anything else, so they just melted into the leather.  Gallagher’s father was a lawyer or some shit and it showed.
Like a moth to a flame.
The slow grind of their hips moving together was enough for a while, until it wasn’t.  Castiel’s skin was slick with sweat as he attempted to control his pace to accommodate Dean, but Dean didn’t want to be accommodated for anymore.  Dean needed more.  He needed to feel closer.
A slow, processing smile turned the corners of his mouth.  “Thanks, guys.”  He ran the pads of his fingers over the stitching.  Over the letter ‘L’ on the front breast.  Holding one of these things in his hands after studying and playing his ass off after all these years was surreal to say the least.  This had been one of those milestones that John was always harping on him for.
Castiel hadn’t seen Dean in three months.  Not even at Sunday mass.
She looks supremely uncomfortable, albeit still a little amused. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but have you ever considered it might be... something else?”
.  Is that right, Mr.
“Oh, that’s right, I forgot you like to top.”
The cold, comforting aura of fresh sheets surrounded him as he sunk into his mattress with his computer booting up on his lap.  Once it displayed the feline rendition of the ‘Creation of Adam’, Castiel clicked around to find the slideshows he had prepared for this weeks lectures.  They were to be finally discussing Michelangelo this week and, mildly put, Castiel was ecstatic for obvious reasons.  Though the course was based primarily on Mediterranean sculpture, Castiel always made a bit of an exception for Michelangelo.  He wanted to discuss the frescoes of the Sistine Chapel, as well as the drawing exhibition that had been displayed at the museum, he just wasn’t sure how or where to segue the lecture to his sculpture.  And, of course, there was
“I’m sorry that happened to you,” Castiel spoke softly once he had his attention.  It was intimate and genuine and it made Dean all the more uncomfortable.
Castiel’s eyes grew three sizes.  He was glad he was out of coffee, otherwise it would’ve come shooting out of his nose.  “You’re asking me if you look ‘fuckable’.”  It was meant as a question, but that somehow got lost in translation.
“Actually,” Cas says, “I have all the time in the world.”
She rolled her eyes.  “Not judging, just saying,” she parroted around her frozen yogurt, jabbing her empty spoon at Dean.
Grabbing the pillow out of his lap, Dean threw it back in her face.  “No, I’m not,” declared Dean, despite all evidence to the contrary.
Dean snorted and shook his head.  “Just move over, dude.  I don’t bite.”
Tears threatened to well up again as Dean hid his face in his hands.  Hot, steadying breath clouded the space between his palms.  His thumb and forefinger dug into his eyes and he forced himself not to lose his shit for the second time that night as he breathed and, without removing the hand from his closed eyelids, he held the phone up to his cheek and let it ring.
All the houses looked relatively the same, including Dean’s, save for the freshly trimmed rose bush hedging along the fence, clinging to stay alive in the cold.  Lisa had told him once about her gardening over dinner.  He’d added the appropriate “Mhm’s” and nods and asked questions just to fill the gaps and to avoid staring across the table.
Castiel paused to turn the page, unintentionally glancing up, and the two of them made eye contact.  Something dark and dangerous was alight behind Dean’s blackened eyes.
“Uh huh,” Charlie said, but she wasn’t buying it for a second.  Castiel couldn’t really blame her, he wasn’t buying it either.  “You know, it’s totally fine to have a crush, Cas.  It’s not the end of the world.  Even if he is straight— which you have no evidence of by the way because you’ve never asked him!”
Setting his half-drunk tea down on the nightstand, Castiel slipped his warm hand down the front of his boxers and cupped himself with a relieved sigh.  These days it seemed as though Dean was never around; he figured he had all night.  He palmed himself loosely as he browsed, but nothing was catching his interest, he just didn’t want to contemplate on the ‘why’.  Laying there with his dick in his hand, his eyes inevitably wandered to Dean’s side of the room, and his mind wandered with it, supplying him with the image of Dean straining against the confines of a pair of small, pink, satin panties.  The thought surprised him, but it was a good path if his laboured breathing was any indication.  Yet as if by some demented sense of cosmic karma, the sound of the door being unlocked had him rushing to close the porn tab and switching back to his sappy rom-com with lightning speed.  When Dean waltzed in moments later, he was none the wiser.
Dean blinked hard and his fists gripped painfully tight around the steering wheel.  “I’m sayin’ this can’t happen again and that’s all you gotta say?”
He simply asked, “Why?”
Panic flares in his chest, but Cas keeps a calm resolve for Jack’s sake. “It’s not your fault. We’ll find him,” he assures, but that part is more for himself. Cas crouches down beside him to examine his wounds. Fortunately, the wounds aren’t deep. He heals him with relative ease, before turning to Sam and tending to his wounds as well. Sam’s take longer. Apparently the blade wasn't a normal run of the mill blade either, but it mends itself eventually.
“Honey, I’m home,” Dean called as he shut the bunker door.
“I’m not a child, Dean,” he argues, but there’s surprisingly little heat to it. “Though, that is a sweet gesture,” he adds with a slight smile.
“I’m not selling anything.”  Castiel remembered clear as day what Dean could look like when he wasn’t angry, he dreamed of it often even, and he hated the fact the sour expression on Dean’s youthful face was set in place by the things he’d done.  The silence between them hung heavy.  The only sound the muted echo of the music pumping through the speakers on the floor above.  After what must have been only a minute or two, Castiel said, “I don’t want to be angry with you anymore.  I don’t want us to be angry with each other.  Or jealous for that matter, because make no mistake, Dean, I was very jealous, but I realize now I brought it all upon myself.”
Balthazar nodded his thanks to the waiter as Castiel peered over the top of his menu.  “I’m almost positive that's just called alcoholism.”  He didn't argue further as he reached for his drink.  He couldn't argue because unfortunately he was feeling a bit better already.  Castiel continued perusing the menu despite knowing exactly what he wanted.  A Denver omelet with a side of melon.  He had ordered the same thing every time they went out to brunch without fail, always telling himself one of these days he would change his order.  Today wasn't that day.
It didn't take long and were he sober he might have cared, but a few deft pulls, exchanged moans, carefully chosen affections, warm lips suckling his earlobe and he was pouring hot cum into the front of his boxers with a silent shout.  When he opened his eyes, he was greeted by the sight of Damien chasing his own ecstasy.  Shoulders slumping, eyes half-lidded, hips stuttering, and thick ropes of semen coating the front of Castiel’s jeans.
Benjamin was a quiet baby.  He made hardly a fuss, of which Castiel was thankful for.  He was never very good with children as it were.  Quietness made him alright by Castiel’s standards.
Dean ignores him and turns the radio up to drown everything out.  Turning his attention back to the highway, Dean catches a glimpse of Cas in the rearview mirror and he looks just as grumpy as he did when Dean saw him this morning.  Cas’ eyes flicker up to catch Dean staring and Dean promptly returns his view to the open road.
Dean grunts as he wills his body to roll over.  His hair is exceptionally disheveled this morning, more than usual even, and there's dried saliva crusting on his chin.  Wordlessly, he holds out a hand.
,” Castiel gasped.  It was just as hot, if not hotter, in person than in his mind.  He was practically salivating for him.  “I need to suck you off.”
“Can we talk?  Just for a second.”
“Sure thing,
It couldn’t hurt to try it, he reasoned.
Castiel did not miss the play on words, he just chose to believe they were unintentional.  “Yes, I can see that.  Congratulations.”  Clinging desperately to his resolve, Castiel had made the conscious choice not to let someone half his age hold all the power in this situation.  “If you were looking for a gold star or something, I’m fresh out.”  Somehow, that came out in sarcasm, but his weak defenses were palpable because Dean flashed an amused grin at Castiel’s expense, before turning his back on him altogether.  Castiel did not stare at his ass, but he might have stolen a brief glance.
Castiel hummed, taking it in. “Yeah, me neither.”
“Yes,” Castiel half-joked.  “But also because my subconscious told me I needed to find you.  Because it knew being around you, in any capacity, was better than any alternative.”  Castiel let slip a smile against his temple.  “I’m inexplicably drawn to you, Dean.  I don’t much care to figure out why.”
“You're in a good mood,” he noted.  In stark contrast to his own at present.
“I think so.”  Dean’s mouth quirked, unsure whether to smile or frown.  “Is that what you want?  A PB&J?”
Dean scoffed around a mouthful of crackers, crumbs flying out of his mouth.  “Who are you callin’ primitive?”
“Well, if mine eyes do deceive me.  It’s the sad sack from the bar!”  Benny donned a wolfish grin.  “Hittin’ a little below your age bracket, aren’t you?  You tryna be Dean’s new daddy or somethin’?”  Offhandedly to Dean, he added, “Nice shirt.”
“Uh, okay,” Dean cracks. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Sam eyes the bag and looks back to the cramped confines of the trunk.  “That's great, Jack.  Let me, uh, lets just toss that in the backseat, yeah?”  Trunk slamming, they go to the side door and between the two of them it manages to squeeze in.
“It's not a big deal,” he insisted.  “And hey, speaking of being a guest, thanks for blowin’ my cover too.  Really had to make me look like a charity case in front of him, didn't you?”
“I had gotten out to check on you,” he lied.  “Is everything alright?”
Luckily, Dean had seen this dance routine more than once so the impromptu change to the lineup wasn’t a big deal, it was more the money.  And it wasn’t like the customers cared about the show; they were mostly here for the private sessions afterwards anyway.  That didn’t mean Dean didn’t hate this dance.  They made their way up the secret staircase leading behind the stage and waited for the music.  As the opening synth beat to ‘Like a Virgin’ began to play, Dean and the other dancer took to the stage, illuminated by purple fog and glittering lights, while the emcee announced their stage names.  Regardless of how he felt about himself, Castiel, this day, or this shitty dance routine, he really did need the money.  And when he made money here, the money was good.  So fuck Crowley, fuck Victor, and fuck Castiel Novak too.  Dean plastered on his most sincere fake smile when ‘Damien’ was announced and the crowd by the stage went nuts.  Nothing like the illusion of a twink pretending to be a naughty virgin in need of a spanking to get these desperate, horny losers blood pumping south and whipping their wallets out.
Castiel groaned a deep, throaty sound against his skin.  “Bedroom,” he uttered low, leaving no room to argue.  “Now.”  He emphasized it with a nip of his teeth to Dean’s bared throat.
The rag Dean was using froze mid-circle.  She hadn’t asked about him in what felt like years, but must have been even longer.   “Uh, what about him?”
He rubbed back the blurred edges of sleep, before beckoning, “Yes, come in,” through pinched lids.  If he was this exhausted after a week, he had no idea what he would be like come December.
“Hannah?”
Castiel did know.  They’d had this conversation more than once and every time they did Castiel promised “soon”, but it had been months and he was still making hollow promises.  Frankly, he didn’t know what anyone saw in him.
Like a hurricane, Dean left casualties everywhere he went.
Castiel wasn’t sure who Dean was trying to convince because Castiel had never once truly believed himself to be special.  Wished it, maybe.  A black sheep, probably.  But in his family, that was never considered a good thing.
“Don’t fucking call him that,” Dean shouted right around the same time Michael decided to impose himself into Castiel’s space to clap him on the cheek.
“Yeah.  Me too.”
Leaning back in, Dean nipped and grazed Castiel’s lower lip.  “There’s other stuff,” he said between languid kisses.
“I’m right here, y’know,” said Dean, walking over to gather the cheeseburger and salad in both hands.
And Dean was a goner.
Castiel stood frozen in the doorway.
Scratching the hairs at the nape of his neck, Dean blushes when the only thing his puny brain decides to cough up is the thought of Cas’ big blue dildo again. “I dunno, I—” He inhales and releases the rest in the same breath— “I thought I was fine with it, but— man, I dunno what’s wrong with me— but it’s like every time he brings a guy back to the apartment I feel like I’m crawlin’ outta my friggin’ skin.” He doesn't know why it bothers him so much.  Before now, it’d never been a big deal to him, gay, straight, whatever, but maybe it’s different in theory than it is when it’s right down the hall. “Cas suggested it, and at the time I thought it was crazy, but it’s been eating at me all week, Charles, and I can’t help thinking... maybe he’s right, y’know? I’ve never felt like this before. Not even with Mega Bitch. I don’t like it.”
Castiel gestured to his usual broken-in leather chair opposite him, but Balthazar didn’t budge.  Clearing his throat, Castiel gently placed his mug down on top of his paperwork.  “It’s, um, good.  To see you.”  His voice was unsure when he spoke.  Hesitant.  “You didn’t respond to my message.”
Reluctantly, he pulled the phone back to himself when the tea was good and ready.  Only the tea.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and craned his neck.  “Because it’s comfortable,” he stated bluntly.  “And it was my father’s.  Why?”
“A miraculous gift.”  Dean simply scoffs at the notion, though he’s pinned in place like an articulated insect by the weight of emotion in Castiel’s gaze.
“Mmh. No. You were insolent. Just like last week and the week before.  And now you’ve chosen to disobey me, yet again. So, tell me: what makes you think you deserve my cock when you don’t even deserve your own?”
Sam was grinning wide next to her.  “Yeah, Dean!  You did it!”
Benjamin had been born only a few weeks prior, and when he’d answered the telephone last week in the midst of writing a sermon, he hadn’t expected to hear Dean’s warm voice on the other end of the line delivering the news to him.
Well, he supposed he wasn’t wrong.
“You should go clean up,” suggested Cas, “I’ll try to salvage what I can here.”
He should say yes.  He knew that.
“The same,” Cas sighs.  He comes into the library and slumps down at the table across from Rowena.  “He’s still in one piece, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Cas heaves a heavy, put-upon sigh as if he’s told him this a hundred times instead of just the once. “Dean, I’m aware of my sexual history, but I don’t know what to tell you. Sexuality and gender are fluid,” he offers with a shrug. “It’s something I think I’ve known for a while, but never was comfortable enough with my body to explore; women felt safer. Now, though, I’ve decided I’d like to explore my sexuality fully, I just didn’t know how to tell you because I wasn’t sure how you’d react.”
“You need to get laid,” Dean suggested offhandedly, not tearing his sights away from where he was carefully over-gelling his hair into neat points.
Maybe ignoring this whole thing would be easier than Castiel imagined.
Jo rolled her eyes.  “What about the tables?”  Her skin seemed to turn more green by the second, and by the looks of it, she didn’t seem done.
With a roiling groan, Castiel turned and stalked away towards the dormitories only to find, once he approached their dorm room, the telltale sock still affixed to the doorknob and the sound of two intermingled voices.  Any question he had about any laughable ‘moment’ was obliterated by that one dirty gym sock.  He hadn’t realized how much he was leaning on that ‘moment’ until it was yanked out from under him.
*****
Beth was first, naturally, coyly placing hers down with a shy smile before scurrying away.  He noted the name and refrained from rolling his eyes.
“Because someone could come in,” he reasoned.
“Shut up, Dork,” Dean said with a punch to Castiel’s shoulder.
Bringing his own hand back around, Castiel’s attentions flew to his neglected erection drooling precum against the leather upholstery and he tugged at it briskly in time with Dean’s thrusts until, with a whimpering moan, he came over his fist.  His cum splashed across the seat and across the front of his clerical shirt.  But Dean continued to fuck into him, hot breath heaving against Castiel’s back.
Cas’ lips curve, innocently upward at whatever look of sobered realization is dawning on Dean’s face. And Dean knows where this is going. He’s seen enough chick flicks to know that much. He can feel it fluttering in the lining of his stomach, pressing in against his throat. In the way his palms are sweating against Cas’, but he can’t seem to let go of his hands for fear his own will start to tremble.
(See the end of the chapter for
Aaron scratched at his beard and chuckled.  “I guess I'm alright,” he admitted.  “Could be worse.”  There was a pause as Dean sipped on his black coffee, but Aaron didn't let it linger for long.   “So, are you seeing anyone?”
The entire weekend Castiel had reluctantly weighed his options.  He had attempted not to think anything about Dean at all, even went so far as to focus on grading course work and rearranging some lesson plans, but as with most things regarding Dean, that didn’t work.  He had no choice, but to confront himself.  Really look long and hard in the proverbial mirror.  Which was no easy feat, because at the end of the day, Castiel didn’t know the real Dean.  He only had the faintest idea he’d created from one hazy, drunken night and weeks worth of poorly disguised observation.  He had put that golden idea of Dean up on a pedestal from the second he laid eyes on him.  Dean had been an object worthy of admiration and intrigue.  Lust.  Viewed only through rose-tinted glasses.  But that was before the universe decided to play its hand.  Castiel never allowed for the possibility that Dean could be so much more than an idea.  That Dean could be just as much of a mess as he was.  Just as broken.  Just as human.  He realized that now though, looking into his eyes again for what felt like the first time all over again.  An altogether new experience.  A new Dean.  His eyes were vulnerable, but doing everything in their power not to be.  A shuttered window to the real Dean.  And though the lighting in the Roadhouse was dim, the glow of the tacky string lights provided Castiel with just enough light to see the truth for what it was.
“Not too long ago,” he lied, pushing her long, dark hair out of his face.
What did he even want to say here?  ‘Thank you for the sex, see you next Tuesday’?  ‘Sorry I’m a constant disappointment’?  ‘You’re beautiful when you sleep’?  He started to write something, but he ended up scribbling it out just as quickly.  Maybe not mentioning anything they’d done would be a better route to take, but he had to say something.  He couldn’t just fuck and flee like a coward, though that was exactly what his lizard brain was telling him to do.
A crease formed between Castiel’s brows, and his head began to tilt out of confusion, but Dean shook his head before Castiel even said a word.
He never did understand why she insisted on calling him that.
Dean gave a noncommittal shrug.  Honestly, he couldn't remember what they used to talk about either anymore.  Resuming his drying and ignoring that weird feeling settling in his stomach, he said, “I dunno.  He's around, I guess.  Have a couple classes together.”
Meanwhile, Dean and Jack take the stairs towards the office level. The main hallway is covered in peeling laminate faux-wood panels. “Hit the light,” whispers Dean over his shoulder. Pulling out a small flashlight from his pocket, Jack shines the narrow tunnel of light down the hall, but it’s empty. Nothing except illuminated dust particles floating by, but there’s a shit ton of doors lining either side of the hall.
“Hey, actually, before you go, I was wondering if you’d ever want to come take a look at my stuff sometime.  No pressure or anything, just might be cool.  And if you’re down, I got a spot by the basement exit to aid in my ‘higher education’,” he said, wagging his eyebrows.
.  The posterboy of the Renaissance.  The iconic symbol of virility and youthful beauty.  No doubt, the most alluring depiction of David.  At least, in Castiel’s opinion.  Contrapposto carved in marble, begging the eyes to dance along the subtle curvature of the defined musculature.
“Excuse me,” Castiel uttered, without much sincerity, as he pushed past him and headed for the end of the hall.
Dean had to suppress a laugh at himself.  “Fuck off,” he stammered.  Karma was really biting him in the ass right now.
The wave of nausea to wash over him at the contact.  A steady thing that kept happening to him every time someone laid their dirty hands on him ‘by accident’ or simply because they felt they could.  Because Dean wasn’t a person here.  Not really.  That theory had been proven time and again, a hundred times over.  A few of which happened just tonight, barely within the hour.  But he figured at least if Castiel was doing the touching he couldn’t pretend it never happened.  So when he slipped his hand around under the hem of Dean’s tight shorts, he expected it.  He braced himself, eyes pinched shut, for the inevitable wave he could feel threatening to pull him out to sea, adrift in his own sense of self-loathing.
“Yeah! Yeah, I just— Shit, hang on.” Dean sucks up the last of his drink, wiping the perspiration on his swim shorts, as he hastily shakes the sand from between his toes and slips on his sandals.
“Considering the circumstances, maybe the fact you gave me an extension at all.”
“Did that bastard have you working all this time?”
“Oh, could ‘one’?  How convenient for you.”  Glowering at him from across the room, Dean angled himself to lean against the wooden frame of the door like he was giving himself an out, arms wrapping against his chest protectively.  Castiel could respect that.  He hadn’t left yet, afterall.  He was still willing to listen.  “Well, what the hell are you waiting for, an invitation?  Let’s hear it.”
Chancing another glance in Dean’s direction, Dean’s expression was inscrutable as he stared out the windshield, though his wide green eyes were glassy.  Memorizing Dean’s profile in the poor street light just in case, Castiel said, “Thank you, Dean,” as he reached for the door handle.  “For everything.”
Castiel chuckled.  “I might not know you very well, but you know even less about me.  You’re intoxicated.  I think it would be wise not to make assumptions about each other anymore.”
Cas removes his trench coat and lays it on the back of the padded armchair in the corner, but that's all Dean sees before he's slamming the bathroom door behind him.  Cas has taken to removing a few layers when he's relaxing at the bunker lately and Dean noticed, of course, Cas has a great bod, but it never really phased him as much as right this moment.  Not until Dean realized exactly what is hiding underneath the layers. Sagging against the bathroom door, Dean rests his head with a soft thump, squeezing his eyes shut to block out an oncoming image.
He got to his feet with a huff and rounded the end of the bed, locating his blue robe and old slippers.  He slid into both and tied the waist tight as he purposefully marched towards his apartment door.
Castiel blinked at him and smiled, unsure whether it was cuter that Dean knew trivial facts about 80s rom-coms or what he was implying with it.  “Thank you.  That does make me feel better,” he murmured against Dean’s shoulder, ducking in to plant another kiss there.  “But Molly Ringwald is still a bitch.  There’s nothing wrong with nerds.”
Dean stared at him trying to puzzle out what that meant for them when Cas was so obviously standing in front of him in the buff.  “Am I dreaming again?”  He desperately wondered aloud.  “Please, tell me this is real, Cas.  I’ve been praying to you for so friggin’ long, I can’t take it if it’s not.”
Castiel shut him up with a needy kiss.  “Oh, we’re going to.”
Sam purses his lips together at the sight, forcibly not thinking about the fact they still haven’t found Dean.  “That’s... great, Jack.  Good job.”
The diner, however, wasn’t so much a diner as it was a cafe.  Nothing like the places they used to hit up on the road with their dad. Those were more truckstop Americana and less… well, whatever this was.
Two years, seven months, four days later, that dubious feeling is amplified tenfold.  Of course this Ma'lak box idea was his idea just like taking on the mark had been.  He’d thought he could withstand it longer without the full spectrum of human urges standing in his way.  He’d thought… it doesn’t matter what he thought.  Inevitably, his thoughts were taken away from him too as he slipped into madness.
“I don’t want to give you a second chance, Balthazar.  That’s entirely on me.”
” he breathed low, despite all his efforts to remain silent.
“I just need to say I’m sorry, Sam.  I should’ve been there.  I’ve been so busy with work and with school, I never really made time to stop and check in on you.  I didn’t think he’d, y’know, with you and,” he stuttered and amended, “I just didn’t think.  But I- I shoulda known better.  I shoulda been there to stop him.”
“Yeah, well, enjoy the food,” said Dean without bothering to put on the customary smile.
Dean did, anticipation only growing as Cas slicked himself up with it and then he leaned forward, one hand bracing on the wall beside Dean’s the other lining his thick cock with Dean’s hungry hole.
Aaron was fumbling his way through a rather pathetic offer to take Dean across the green to grab coffee from the cafeteria.  Dean seemed to hesitate at Aaron’s offer, turning it over in his mind as he heaved the heavy strap of his bag higher on his shoulder, until he gave a breathy, “Sure, okay, why not?”
He frowned up at the sky, and pressed the phone closer to his ear.  “Uh, may I ask why the fuck not?”
Dean was currently swathed in a loose pair of sweatpants and a sleep-wrinkled tee -- An outfit he’d been wearing for the better part of a week.  Maybe longer.  Hell, he wasn’t even sure now that he thought about it, disturbing as that was, but Sam didn’t need to know that much.  That would just be more ammo for him to bitch about.
“Well, that’s good, right?”
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asks, hand scrubbing over his face, in an attempt to be casual as he pours himself a cup.
Sam groaned out a yawn on the other end of the line.  “Ugh, sorry,” he said, “I was working on my History paper, but I fell asleep doing research.  I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
“I fed myself so many lies,” he trembled, barely above a whisper.  “Just so I could carry on being content with the same old crap.  Because it was freedom, right?  The one thing I said I always wanted.  I tried to be happy for Sam and- and for you, but I- I just couldn’t.”  Another tear rolled down his cheek then, and he fought with himself, but couldn’t hold it in any longer.  Looking into Cas’ eyes again, he knew that now. It was always for love.  “I couldn’t be happy because the only thing I’ve ever wanted was to be with you.”
Minutely louder, another, “Fuck” escaped his lips and then he opened his eyes.
“My name,” he gasped, “I’ll give you a name.”
Castiel willed himself not to blush even harder in front of Charlie just so she wouldn’t use it against him later on.
Sam and Eileen and Jack have long since retired back to their own room. Dean can’t blame them; Sam’s sunburn was worse than the boiled lobster he had for lunch and they’d spent most of the day in the sun. They spent the better part of the afternoon teaching Jack how to build a sand castle and checking out the hula classes too, and if you’d have told Dean maybe ten, fifteen years ago he’d spend that entire opportunity checking out the dorky dude in the salmon colored shorts and the greying sideburns instead of the girls in coconut bikinis and grass skirts he’d have thought you were yanking his chain, but that’s exactly what he did. Dean could actually say he tried snorkeling too. But as much as he loves the concept of a family vacation, this thing with Cas always leaves him wanting time alone— Just the two of them— now that they really had the time. Somehow though, Dean thinks the three of them catch on quick because it hardly took convincing for them to get out of their hair after dinner.
Balthazar scoffed.  A bitter noise in the back of his throat as he leaned his head back against the wall.  “Right, and I’m supposed to believe all of this has nothing to do with that snot-nosed brat you won’t stop incessantly whining about.  Talking my ear off about someone that gave you a shitty handjob once upon a time.  One I paid for, mind you!”
Dean didn’t, actually.  Not even a little.  “I couldn’t find a band-aid,” he stated with a noncommittal shrug and resumed washing.
They were... weird.  And that was being generous.
“Not assumptions,” Dean ascertained, “Charlie n’ me.  We googled you.  Just curious,” he said, raising his hands in a surrendering way at Castiel’s bemused face.  “Your family.  Sure do make a lot of donations to the university, Professor.”
Dean groaned.
Homework.
Dean chuckled as he shuffled through his dresser for a fresh shirt.  “Dude, when did you go to bed last night?”
“Aw, you shouldn’t have,” he teased, “It’s not even my birthday.”
“Boy, get that outta here,” Bobby said, pushing the hand away.  He tugged Dean into a weird, one-armed, half-assed hug complete with manly clap on the back.
“Would you just fuck off!?  He doesn’t know how to swim, you fucking assholes!”  The venom came flying out of Dean’s mouth before he could even think to stop it.   He didn’t have time to care about the weird looks he got just for knowing that kind of thing about Castiel Novak of all people.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “I missed you too, Dean.”
With a swallow, Castiel willfully ignored his intentioned stare.  Pulling the vial from his pocket with unsteady hands, Castiel bestowed himself with the mark of the cross and kissed his thumbnail as he hazarded a few steps towards the edge of the mattress.  No sense dawdling.
“No, Daddy,” Dean rasped. “Wanna be so good for you.”
“I’m younger, Dean.  Not stupider.”
It was dark.  The sky was pitch black and the moon was hidden behind the feathered clouds.  No stars in sight.  Outside, Crowley and Meg were waiting for him in that rusted-up, piece of shit car as the gravel crunched under the soles of his boots.
“The concierge.”
Though, when the movie ended, Castiel couldn’t help feeling like the Duckie to Dean’s Andie and thinking that Molly Ringwald was actually kind of a bitch.
It wasn't the worst outcome, but he could do better.  He had more than once, but sometimes you’ve got to cut your losses.  “Awesome,” replied Dean, “I’m gonna clean up.  Send ‘em on back when they get here.”
Damned if he did anything about it, damned if he didn’t.
Dean stared at him, lips parted and eyes wide.  He felt his lips tugging up to match until it occurred to him again how cold it was outside and just how very naked Cas was against him. “Shit, Cas, you’re probably freezing to death right now.”
“Thanks, Captain Obvious.”
His brain swiftly reminded him of the phone number he found in the pocket of his motorcycle jacket.  Dean’s phone number.  A neatly printed reminder.  Castiel had flushed it, but now that he got to thinking, he thought that tissue could have held the answers to the universe for all he knew.
“Considering you told me you couldn’t come over because you felt like a ‘flaming bag of dogshit’ this afternoon… it matters a little.  Clarence, are you at a party I don’t know about?  Should I be putting my panties back on for this?”
“Yeah, buddy, might not wanna go round sayin’ that to people. Still don't think it counts.”
Slipping one of his palms around, he massaged it into the tensing muscle of Dean’s thigh, inching circles higher and higher.  Dean’s cock was thicker now, almost full.  Castiel didn’t deliberate for long.  He dragged the heel of his palm over Dean’s length and he stroked him once under the golden spandex.  Finally, a stifled groan managed to break free from Dean’s now parted lips, but his eyes pinched shut, face scrunched into something unreadable like a child waiting for some invisible monster to dissipate.  Wrapping a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, Castiel tugged him in, capturing Dean’s lower lip in a slow, wet kiss and it broke whatever spell Dean was under.  He responded in earnest, kissing back with the kind of unbridled energy only an eighteen year old can muster.
Castiel tore his sights off the sea of swaying corn husks to study the profile of Sam’s face.  The jut of his furrowed brows.  The concern creasing his young face.  With a gentle nod, Castiel contemplated.  “It has to,” is what he said, voice unwavering, as he glanced out the window again.  Conviction not entirely devoid of selfishness.
“I’m not ‘jealous’.” Dean sputters, spitting the word out like it’s dirty. “Who even asked you?”
“Why were you surprised?” Dean asked, ignoring the apology, while his knee nervously bounced under the table.
“That's the plan, man.”
The wet gravel crunched under his tires as Dean crept up to the Novak’s trailer.  All the more disparaged and forgotten in the dwindling light of the early evening.  The clarity was striking.  Castiel eagerly reached for the car door handle before Dean even shifted into park.
“Thought I told you I don't need a babysitter.”
Drunk thoughts were true thoughts.  That was another inebrious witticism taught to him once by Balthazar.
“A movie, huh.”  Call him crazy, but Dean didn’t sound convinced.
The door hinges creaked like he was a living out a scene in some grossly predictable horror movie.  Were he expecting the monster to leap out from the other side, he would have been sorely disappointed.  Nothing was different, not that he could tell.  His organized chaos still strewn haphazardly across every available surface.  A place for everything and everything in its place.  Everything except a torn scrap of notebook paper placed deliberately in the center of his desk, weighted down by a shiny, red apple with a bite missing.  How... on the nose.
“That you have to picture her with a mustache just to stay hard.”
“They’re the best because they were baked with
If it looked bad, Mick didn’t mention it.
If Dean was on the bottom both times, that was nobody’s business but theirs.
“I was thinkin’--” Dean cleared his throat and looked towards the front of the room. “Nothin’,” he cracked with a slight shake of his head.  “Just-- forget about it.”
“Hello, Meg,” he replied wryly.  “So, did you?”
If Dean had been asleep, he might not have noticed the subtle shift of light playing across the wall, but as it stood, the early morning sun filtering through the gossamer curtain was enough to convince him to stop pretending.  Rubbing the exhaustion from his red-rimmed eyes, he sat up with a groan and catalogued his surroundings again in the new light.  It was quiet here.  In a way that he might normally have  found unsettling, but instead it just left him feeling... safe.  There was no reverberating music coming from below, no flashing neon signs out the window.  There was no screaming from the other room, no sounds of something shattering.  There were no imminent threats as far as Dean could tell.  Just piles and piles of things.
Castiel’s mouth curved up in vague reassurance.  He thought about how he’d said the exact same thing just last night.  “I’m well acquainted with the feeling.”  Pulling his phone out of his jean pocket, Castiel noted the time and the fact he had no groveling texts from Balthazar.  It was well past his cat’s breakfast anyway that was for sure.  “I hate to say this, but I think it’s time I should be getting home.  Michelangelo has probably resorted to destroying all of my prized possessions as retribution.”
“Like hell I do!”
Castiel stared at it questioningly and then back to his friend.  “I'm also too old to be peer-pressured.  Besides, I don't need to get worked up, I need to relax.”
“And what the fuck is that supposed to mean?”
She practically cackled at that and Castiel frowned at her reaction.  “Well, that’s just simply not true.”
“You gotta.  Wouldn't wanna get caught now would you, Professor?”
Castiel blinked at him.  Surprise shifted quickly into disinterest as his hand gripped the handle tighter.  “Save it for someone who cares, Winchester.”
Cas blushes and scratches the hairs on the back of his neck and Dean just snorts to himself and fills his face with more pizza. “Um, we’ll tell you when you're older, Jack,” answers Sam, awkwardly. Sam levels Dean with a glare just for making him have to deal with this whole thing in the first place.
Dean shrugged, forcing a half-smile.  “Not really up for a party this weekend, man.  Besides, Singer’s coming over for dinner tomorrow night.”
“Mmh, wrong about what?”
Dean shrugged.  “You’ll be mine either way.  As above, so below.  You know how that saying goes.  And don’t even think about killing yourself, Father, because suicide is a mortal sin too, you know.  Or, then again… maybe you don’t.”
“Jesus, Dean, show a little support!  One of Jess’ classmates is showing their stuff too and she wants you to meet them.  Besides, I think you’d really get something from it.  You know, maybe a little more than staring at Pamela Anderson’s rack in slow-motion for the hundredth time,” Sam added, throwing a critical glare at the television screen.
Oh, god.  Dean scrubbed a palm over his face and pinched his eyes shut.  Blinking wide eyes at him, Dean let his hand drop to grip his laundry basket handles and feigned a small smile of feigned polite interest.  “...Mandroids?”  He was kicking himself already for asking.  He had to hold his breath at the overwhelming smell of piss and halitosis while Ronald went on some incomprehensible, nonsensical tangent.
Dean grinned down at him, messing up his already messy hair.  “Amen to that... But hey y’know, off the record, are you really into orgies?”
“Oh, no, don't trouble yourself to get up,” she said, gesturing for Castiel to take his seat again. He did, but she never moved from the doorway, acting as if the office were a death trap and she might catch something from touching any available surface.  “I just wanted to check in to tell you the board is impressed by how well you've handled juggling both your art history course, as well as Gabriel’s studio course.  It is a shame about Professor Speight’s unexpected departure and we acknowledge shifting between the two could be somewhat challenging given how little time you had to prepare.  Of course, I had my doubts placing you in this position, but we're confident now we chose the right person for the task.”
She was staring up at him with those silently pleading blue eyes, one’s he used to get lost in before all he saw was green, and all he had to do was follow through to make them stay green indefinitely, but for whatever reason, he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
In that, he was reminded of that first time Castiel had asked, Are you alright?  Of the time when Dean wasn’t really alright, and how even now, he still wasn’t if he’d ever been alright at all.  People kept asking him that like they didn’t already know the answer by taking one good look at him.
“You lookin’ to get your card punched or something,” he started, “This ain’t friggin’ Starbucks.  The only free thing you’re gonna get here is the clap.”
“Stop!”
Benny rolled his eyes.  “Cuz you just know him,” he parroted.   “Well, if you two are so close, how come I’ve never seen him around then, huh?”
“What did you want, Dean?”  He snapped.
If Dean knew what was happening, he didn’t let it bother him.  He simply rolled his eyes again in fond exasperation, and said “Yeah, I did.  Don’t tell anyone, but sometimes I actually like you.  Sue me.”  He reached over and hit the play button in Castiel’s lap and it took all the willpower Castiel had left for him to keep his eyes trained on the screen.
Cautiously, Dean paused chewing his lip and turned his head to look at him.  He seemed genuinely perplexed and it made him want to roll his eyes and scoff.  The answer was obvious, wasn’t it?
“Shit,” was all Dean muttered.
“Yeah, well I realized I’ve been ‘preoccupied’ lately so I decided tonight I wanted to spend some time with my buddy instead.”
“You’n a hurry to get your ol’ man off the phone, son?  Haven’t seen you’n a long time.”
“Dean?” the voice called again.
The corners of Castiel’s mouth twitched at just how serious Dean was being about this.  “I understand, Dean.  I am a professional, despite all evidence to the contrary, and I will give your paper the appropriate grade it deserves.  No more, no less.”
“I defended you, though,” Sam added which caused Dean to really look at him.
“Dude, it’s August.”
“Yes, Daddy.”
Dean’s gaze followed his tongue.  “I want to...  And it feels like you want me too.”
“Oh, no, it’s totally cool.  Don’t think I won’t ask again, though.”
“Yeah, how’s that goin’ by the way, Dean-o?” Gordon asked, passing the joint across to him, but he missed the question.
Dean lowers the volume on the radio and dims the headlights as they pull up outside an old, abandoned factory that once housed the business ‘Hot Press Games’ according to the dilapidated sign hanging by a nail. The local sheriff’s department got a call reporting some unusual activity here, but claimed to have found nothing while doing a sweep of the building last week. None of the people they spoke with earlier could keep their stories straight either so they aren’t even sure what they’re walking into. Sounded like some sort of witch though based on the descriptions they were given.
Eventually Dean finds his way into the kitchen following the scent of another pot of coffee brewing.  He doesn’t trust Cas to make the food.  Cas never blames him.  His head is still foggy as he digs around looking for something to eat for breakfast? Lunch?
It's one of those blessed, seldom nights where they don't have a goddamn thing to do and Dean is friggin’ ecstatic. In fact, he can't wait to just change into his frumpy sweatpants, pop in a shitty rom-com, veg out in his La-Z-Boy, and devour his entire pizza. Bonus points if he can convince Cas to join him.
He peeled himself away from Castiel’s sweaty skin, and his spent cock unceremoniously slipped out from between Castiel’s cheeks, leaving Castiel to clench and flutter around nothing.  Dean pressed his thumb in to trap his cum and Castiel laid his forehead against the back of his forearm, sighing at the gentle pressure filling him again.
The bus ride home was longer than usual, but it may as well have happened in a blink of an eye.  Castiel sat in an unassuming middle seat by the window and let the vibrato of the window pane shake his mind clean.   The passing lights blurred and morphed into abstract shape and color and before he knew it, he was departing at his usual stop across the street from his apartment building.  It looked dull and grey the longer he looked at it.  A lifeless prison containing all of his favorite things.
Castiel tilted his head.  “Excuse me?”
Dean was noticeably more alert now and after he replaced the glass on the nightstand he paused a moment then he was timidly nudging himself back under Castiel’s sleep-heavy arms.  Dean chanced a hesitant glance at him, green eyes glowing in the early morning light, almost as if he weren’t sure he was allowed to do this in the light of day.  Castiel sleepily draping an arm around his back encouraged him to relax into it.  “I, uh-- wasn’t really expectin’ you to be here when I woke up.”  His lower lip caught between his teeth.  “Glad you stayed.”
“Well, it’s unsustainable, for one thing.  The school year’s only just started.”
“Well, she can just go without me, right?  Won’t even know I’m not there, I’ll bet.”
Castiel casted him a chastising glare, before glancing towards his office door.  They were the only two in the basement at this time on a Friday, but still.  “You really don't know how to stop talking, do you?  Could you at the least lower your voice next time you decide to bring up fireable offenses?  Better yet, why don't you ask Naomi to come back so we can all laugh about it?  God knows she loves a good joke.”
“You sayin’ what I think you’re sayin’?”
The kitchen didn’t have a door, only an empty frame, which was how he could tell Castiel was going to have one hell of a stiff neck when Dean found him slumped over the kitchenette table, blearily grading papers as he took an absent sip from his coffee mug.
He thought of the mess of Chinese takeout they’d left abandoned on Dean’s counter before all this that had probably gone cold by now and he snorted.  “But you wouldn’t ask me to leave.”
“Are you shitting me?”
“You think she’ll like what she sees?”
“Right...” Dean isn't impressed.
With a cocky grin, Cas preened at the pet name and rose to his feet.  “As you wish,” he joked, just to remind Dean never to show him the Princess Bride again, before capturing him in another greedy kiss.  Dean moaned at the taste of himself on Cas’ tongue.  Cupping the sharp bolts of Cas’ jaw, Dean explored his mouth deeper while his thumbs dragged over Cas’ cheekbones, catching on the days old stubble nearly matched between them. He could get used to this feeling. Cas with a beard.
“I’m going to kiss you now,” he murmured.  With a hard gulp, Dean wordlessly nodded along.
The next time he awoke, the orange sun was bleeding through the blinds.  The backdrop of it illuminated Dean’s profile as he propped himself up to drink from the tepid glass of water on the nightstand.  Castiel peered at him through squinted lids, fighting against the light, just to watch his throat work as he swallowed, but Dean caught him peeking out the corner of his eye.  A shy smile spread across his face at being watched.
Cas hushed him again, bending down to mouth at the back of his neck. “Relax,” he murmured against his hot skin, “It’ll be better for both of us.”
It was clear out there from what Dean could surmise in the dark, drenched night.  No noises, except for the pattering pang of heavy rain drops ricocheting off the tin lids of the garbage cans.  Reaching up, he pulled down the fire escape and climbed up the rungs as the weathered soles of his boots squeaked and slipped against the wet metal, but he made it to the bathroom window without incident and he shimmied it open, clumsily crawling inside to escape the rain.  He landed bodily with a thud on the old porcelain tile, but picked himself up fast.
“Hello, Samuel,” Rowena lulls, with hardly a glance in his general direction.  “Took you long enough.”
“Dean, it’s 10pm!  You know Bobby isn’t awake.  I don’t need a bed, I can just sleep on the floor. It’s only for one night!”
Dean gaped at him, eyebrows bunching, before he remembered to close his mouth.  What the fuck was this guy on?  “You don’t say,” he remembered to say.
Cas’ gaze is sharp and Dean’s hesitant to hold it for too long out of fear.  Just as Dean is about to dribble out some poorly manufactured excuse, there's a solid knock on the motel room door that can only be interpreted as none other than Sam.  Dean releases his held breath in a long, drawn out exhale and ducks his chin to excuse himself out from under Cas’ microscope.  Swinging the door open, he’s greeted by Sam and Jack carrying their duffles and a couple extra steaming coffees for himself and Cas.  They must have checked out at the desk and had time to run for coffee.  “Ugh, thank god.” Dean groans reaching for the warm cup Sam's holding out.  “Saved by the bell,” he mutters around the mouth of the lid before taking a slow sip to really savor that backwash flavor.
“But he destroyed the hex bag,” Sam interjects, “Wouldn’t that stop the curse?”
“I’m sorry… dead?”  An unnamable feeling surged through him at the news.  He wasn’t lucid enough for this conversation.
busy!”
Eventually when he snagged another dryer, Dean spent the rest of the wait biding time precariously perched in his seat to take the pressure off his ass and offhandedly watching the staticy television set hung in the corner.  He couldn't remember the last time he watched a TV that wasn't at this pisspoor laundromat.  The intermittent sounds of the afternoon news report crackled and hissed through the speakers.  The news anchor was droning on now about a local business getting shut down.  A Korean nail salon on the other side of town handing out happy endings on the side, apparently.
“More.”  He heaved a shaky exhale.  “Please, Dean.”
Dean emitted a low, impressed whistle.  “Pretty sure you were just invited to a friggin’ orgy or something, buddy, so why the hell are you sittin’ out here with my dumb ass when you could be doin’ at least three other things?”
Scrubbing a hand over his face, Dean gave another empty chuckle.  “Yeah.  Touche.”  He contemplated it for a solid minute, but there wasn’t really much to think about.  “Fine,” he relented, “Lis, you good?  You need a ride home?  I can come back after.”
“Uh,” Dean started elegantly, “Actually, Sammy, me and Cas have some stuff we need to talk about.  Cas, you sure you don't mind giving up the bed?”
“Yeah, you know, like pop a squat. It counts.” Dean takes another mouthful of pizza. “Go ahead, Cas” Cas confidently lays his tiles down with a small smirk. Dean sputters around the pizza he half swallowed. ‘COCKS’ Straight to the friggin’ point and it hit a double word square. It’s far too early and inappropriate for his thoughts to head south so quickly, especially considering present company. “I'll be damned, Cas, you're gettin’ good at this game.”
“A professor, eh?  What is it that you teach, professor?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas is staring again, and damn it, Dean lifts his eyes to stare back just to see what Cas is thinking.  He blinks as though he’s processing the invitation and Dean thinks if he blinked right now he’d miss the almost nonexistent pull of his lips when he says, “I’d like that.”
A fat tear rolled down Castiel’s cheek, but his face remained impassive.  “You’re incapable of the feeling.”
“Fuck,” pants Dean, “This has gotta be a dream.”
“My turn,” he hears Cas gleefully rumble, his voice rough and fucked out, and when the unfamiliar groans of some other guy start to stutter through the drywall Dean considers that the final straw.
She gestured with her chin towards his hand, soaking through the toilet paper plain as anything.  “Care to explain the hand?”
“Your music.”
“Will wonders never cease!  You look better than me, you bloody Casanova!”  Shockingly he'd opted out of his usual revealing v-neck in favor of a modest black turtleneck.
“No, salads.  Got it,” he said, taking a foamy sip of his beer, “Though, for what it’s worth, I was actually going to order a cheeseburger.”
Another.  And another.
“Dean,” he found himself saying again.  The syllable came out barely above a whisper.
Dean awkwardly clears his throat too.  “Yeah, sure thing, buddy.  Just gimme a sec...”
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m not a baby anymore, Dean.  I don’t need you to protect me.”
Almost absently, Castiel noted that he was still hungry.  They served elegant appetizers here, the kind that aimed to look more like they were waiting to be photographed than actually eaten, but they were hardly enough to quell the deep rumble in his stomach.
“Cas?”
Just as he placed the last shirt on top of the pile, the door opened and Dean came in with a rather despondent look on his face.  This changed then to something guarded when his eyes danced around the clean room.  They landed on Castiel then, stood shirtless in the center of the room with his hands awkwardly fumbling for a place on his hips, with an anxious look about him.  Dean’s eyes lingered on his bare chest.
It occurred to him that after everything that happened today, Dean still had homework to do himself.  The thought of that almost made him laugh to himself.  He walked his way over to the couch, now at least with fresh skin and clean sweatpants, and he applied a couple bandages he found in the bathroom cabinet to the cracked skin on his knuckles.
