“Mhm. I have a better idea.”  Sherlock said, and before John could think what he meant, he was being pushed into the ambulance, the doors closing right behind. They were thankfully alone, John realised, as Sherlock gently pushed him onto the stretcher.
John and Sherlock looked up.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I forgot I still had some from when I…”
As John sat down on the bed and began pulling Sherlock on top of him, Sherlock halted, his nerves growing.
When Sherlock returned, John had (embarrassingly) fallen asleep on the sofa. Apparently he couldn’t wait any longer and came sitting right there; his jeans wrinkled and a few tissues on the floor. Obviously running around after a serial killer and then participating in a very heated snog can make him very sleepy. Sherlock wanted to let him sleep, but knew he would rather get cleaned up first.
, John.” Sherlock whispered, smirking.
“Its fine John, its all fine.”
* * *
“I…I should…I…fuck…just...mmm…thank you…for doing what you did.” He finally said, his cheeks heating, no doubt very red now. He kept his gaze on the floor.
“Thank you.” Sherlock said. “For reacting so…smartly.”
John didn’t look up, nor answered Sherlock whose anger only increased.
“Have been planning this, haven’t you?” John said, smirking.
“Okay?” John asked.
“Oh right, I can help you with that. I have a sock index so I’ll need to reorganize everything to make room for your things. Come on.” Sherlock said, making his way towards his-their bedroom. John followed.
“John…”
“Oh, yes, John!”
“I…” John started, but he remembered feeling bored and overwhelmed, and he didn’t want to appear weak in front of Sherlock, so he looked away before speaking again. “I…I was tired.”
“I’m-I’m fine.” Sherlock sputtered out. “Are you?”
It was over so fast. Carl Kent was kneeling on the floor, moaning in pain, clutching what was left of his hand; Sherlock was standing up, texting Lestrade. John still had his gun out, pointed at Kent, his breathing rather even for having just shot someone.
John cleared his throat finally, and spoke, his voice cracking.
John moaned, pulling himself tighter against Sherlock. He nodded and clung onto Sherlock as Sherlock rocked his hips harder into him.
Sherlock was pulled upwards by Carl Kent, a small knife in one hand. A light was turned on. A swift movement and the next thing that happened, a gun was being pulled out and then there was a gunshot.
As Sherlock rode through his orgasm, John pulled off, wiping his red lips and moved upwards over Sherlock’s body, kissing Sherlock’s neck.
"Great, Sherlock…We’ll work with that then…um what about the words?”
“Sherlock?” John went up towards to Sherlock, kneeling in front of him. “You ok?”
“Oh right.”
“I’m very comfortable right now and I would like to continue what we started in the bathroom.”
“I like sex. It…it makes me feel good knowing I can…make others-Sherlock-feel good.” He said, blushing. “And it makes me forget.” He said, sort of as an afterthought.
“I love you too, John.” Sherlock whispered against John’s lips.
“You tensed.”
“Do you want to hear it?”
“Yes.”
“You what?” John’s eyes widened.
John didn’t understand and it was obvious for Sherlock, who then sighed and continued, “He got sick, and my parents didn’t want to spend the amount of money it would take to make him better. I didn’t get a say in it, he was “just too expensive to keep. He could’ve been saved John.” Sherlock said, looking up at John, his voice cracking. “It wasn’t the death that upset me, it was that it was completely preventable.” He finished, taking in a deep breath, his lip quivering. John placed a hand on Sherlock jaw, slightly caressing him.
“Of course I’m serious Sherlock! The mouse didn’t do any actual harm, but I would like to catch it to release back to nature where it belongs, Jesus.”
“I was trying to catch a mouse.”
“How do they feel?” He asked, his voice cracking a bit.
Sherlock turned on the shower and cupped John’s face as it was warming up.
“Do you want to get down from there now?”
“Fine, Sherlock.” John answered, yawning.
John nodded, his eyes glistening. “Could you…I mean…I know you take cases seriously and you crave them…but could you-” He stopped, his breathing growing ragged. “Could you stay….with me instead? I…I don’t think I’m ready to tag along and when you left this morning I felt…unease.” He stopped, looking down only for Sherlock to steer his head back up.
John then pushed Sherlock harder against the wall as he moved his hands to Sherlock shirt, unbuttoning it enough to reveal his pale chest. He then began sucking along Sherlock’s chest as Sherlock held onto his uniform tightly. John latched onto one of Sherlock’s nipples, nipping slightly before swirling his tongue. He sucked at his nipple as he moved his hands across Sherlock’s chest, scratching slightly before going back to his arse, slapping him.
“Quiet.” He said, a small giggle escaping his mouth.
John looked up. “You don’t normally say ‘thank you’ do you?
and her crew made their way through the harbor and into the open waters. Sherlock, much to the surprise of John, was silent for the first 20 minutes of the cruise. He was huddled on the port side of the boat, his stare focused in front of him.
Sherlock huffed, interrupting John’s next carefully constructed sentence. “Oh please John, it’s obvious you want to marry someone someday and have children and it’s not at all having to do with making your parents happy. I’ve seen you with Molly and Lestrade’s kid, I know you want to have what they have and what every other daft human being has John, I’m not an idiot-”
“Look what we have here.”
“Oi! Sherlock!” John yelled as he was shoved into a cab. Sherlock remained silent, apart from barking their address at the cabbie and on the way, sat ramrod straight, tapping his fingers restlessly.
want John!? I’m
“Fuck” he muttered trying to keep a safe hold on the baby while trying to scoop up the other two only to hit his head hard. “F-FUCK!” He yelled, scrambling out from under the sink, loosing the mouse he was holding. He whimpered, rubbing his head gently. He was bruised, sweaty, hungry and completely unaware of the now flushed red (and hard) consulting detective standing in the doorway.
As they kissed, Sherlock tightly squeezed John’s arse as John himself tugged off Sherlock’s scarf, discarding it aside. He easily unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, caressing his skin. He broke apart from Sherlock to suck at his neck as Sherlock moaned.
“Hello, we are here to adopt.” Answered Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded. “You should have.”
John nodded, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s shirt, falling asleep.
“Betrayed, not that I can recall,” Sherlock shrugged dismissively.
“Checking something off our list.” He said, before kissing John passionately. He moved down along John’s jaw, his hands caressing John’s backside.
“Sh-Sherlock…”
“I…yeah I think it could.”
Sherlock smirked, glad John was following.
Sherlock craned his neck to peer at the suspect. His eyes narrowed, and then he sulked back down, resting his full weight onto John.
“John?” Sherlock asks behind the door.
“Oh you beautiful man.” John murmured, placing kisses along Sherlock’s collarbone.
--------
“You’re not that smart as you act like it.” John snapped back to him.
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed, energized. He was now standing in the hallway, which meant the password was on his person. He raced back to the computer. He started typing word after word, mumbling each as he went through his mental note.
“John!” Sherlock’s voice appeared right behind him, starling him.
“Oh my god.” John murmured. “Sherlock.” He said, clearing his throat. “Don’t. You know what your voice does to me—” His voice faltered as Sherlock nipped gently below his ear.
“I don’t think you’re a freak at all.”
“Of course. A man about to kill himself in public ought to have known somebody might call the police. Though you hoped that wouldn’t happen since you timed this to happen in the early morning. You just forgot about the cleaning service.”
“What are we doing?”
“We’re the police. Who the hell are you?”  The woman answered.
“Oh, John, yes.” Sherlock muttered against John’s neck.
He sighed as he looked around the flat, Sherlock not in sight.
Sherlock gets called for an intricate case and brings John along.
Sherlock then practically leapt back onto John’s lap, the bed creaking in response. Their cocks touched and both men let out moans of pleasure. John grasped both their cocks and began stroking them together while they met at the lips again.
“Sherlock,” John started. “Cruella DeVil is a villain from a children’s’ story,
John nodded, knowing exactly where this was going.
“Where-are we going?”
John and Sherlock broke apart but only John responded as Sherlock began kissing and sucking his neck.
“Mhm.” Sherlock hummed, kissing John roughly. “Your arse is on view you know.” He whispered against John’s lips.
“Oh fuck, Sherlock, yes…yes, Jesus,…oh fuck…Sherlock.” John’s moans growing louder.
“No luck?” John asked, a smile growing on his face as he looked over at Sherlock, who was hunched at his seat, glaring at the computer.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” John spat, as he stood up. “
Looking up, Sherlock and John noticed they had drifted closer to the small bridge, and on the bridge was Lestrade and Sally, with opposite looks on their faces. Lestrade, grimly, yelled again. “Get out of the boat you two.” Sally was covering her mouth, trying to keep her laughter contained as Sherlock and John hastily pulled on their clothes, grinning widely.
“Well I didn’t.”
* * *
Sherlock didn’t answer, but averted his gaze to the floor as John was rather close to his face.
Sherlock tensed before answering. He kept his head down as he spoke. “It’s obvious, isn’t?.” He said quietly, before raising his voice and kept it flat. “Your parents pester you about not having a wife, and for the next three weeks after visiting them, you will go out with a few dates, trying not that hard to actually turn any of those dates into a long term relationship and then you’ll give up for who knows why honestly. You’re gonna have to settle on someone John, so just get on with and stop dragging me through it all,” he snapped out the last bit before turning his back to John.
It was well into evening when Sherlock woke up to John fidgeting. Looking down, John’s face was contorted as if he was in pain, and Sherlock gently loosened his grip on John, stroking his hair.
“No, you’re right.” He shrugged. “We don’t know each other…” John trailed off, and took a step back. He unraveled his fists once before clenching them in a tight ball and sat down at the table. Sherlock remained standing, looking down at him and breathing deeply.
John melted into the pleasure, the heat of Sherlock’s mouth deleting all other senses.
“Sherlock, you have to eat something. And here drink this, you don’t want to get dehydrated.” John said, throwing him a water bottle.
“That…was amazing.”
“Come on John!”
No answer.
Sadly, around the same time when John Watson learned and accepted bisexuality, his older sister Harriet, or Harry, had come out as gay, and that she had been seeing her best friend Rosie and after dealing with two weeks of fights and tears, 18-year old Harriet Watson left their home, or was kicked out by their red-faced father, their timid, teary mother silent behind their father. And so John kept his feelings for other boys a secret. And over the next two and half years, the secret got buried, and it wasn’t until his third year in university, living much farther from his parents now, that John let loose that secret and began his first relationship with a man.
It had been an ordinary day, as one is at 221B Baker Street. John had just gotten off work and had gotten home to find it in the usual disarray. The kitchen nearly covered in old newspapers, petri dishes, and the like. Sherlock was still in his red dressing gown, in his mind palace while on the sofa. John let him be as he made tea. He had a surprise for Sherlock, but felt it was best to let Sherlock finish whatever he was doing in his mind palace.
“John!” Sherlock tried shouted, pulling back, his arms coming up to John’s shoulders, pushing him gently but firmly back.
“I…I am sure I just…”
Their lips met again, biting and licking each other, Sherlock’s hands grasping and pulling John’s jeans when John reluctantly pulled away, his breathing ragged, and his hands coming to rest at Sherlock, stopping him.
Sherlock then fumbled again as he pulled out a small bottle of lube.
“No no no,” Sherlock said, waving a hand. “I like it when you’re happy John. But you’ve acted…odd recently. Almost too enthusiastically.”
on the desk John.”
“I’m sorry John, I don’t know what to do. I was going to tell you but there was never a good time…and I never usually wait for a good time to say anything but I knew you needed time…to get used to me….and I didn’t want to scare you off-“
“It’s a humane trap”
John looked up from the newspaper, shocked. “Really?”
“Ready?” Sherlock asked.
When he woke again, it was because Sherlock was trying and failing to climb out of bed.
“Oh, fuck, Sherlock.” John mumbled against Sherlock’s lips.
“Sherlock!” He yelled, ignoring the startled officers.
The two men remained where they where. Sherlock had no idea what to say and spent a considerable amount of seconds determining the best course of action. Finally he spoke, softly and in no way pitiful, “ It’s a bit cold to be outside, isn’t?”
“It won’t work sitting on the table.”
“Sir, I asked you to take me to Regents Park. We should’ve been there by now.”
John gasped as Sherlock bit down, his hands clutching John’s arse.
He walked out of the bathroom, and headed back to the bedroom. It only took a few minutes for him to fall asleep.
“I…” Sherlock eyes grew ever so slightly, aware now at what he just told John. “I did…what do you suppose you could make of that?”
* * *
John abruptly spun around on his heels, and looked up to Sherlock who was standing at the entryway of the kitchen, dressed in only his pajama bottoms and a worn t-shirt.
John groaned harshly against Sherlock, his arms tightening around him. They rode out their orgasms together, completely unaware of their surroundings.
“I don’t know.”
“Mhm?” John said, turning around. At the sight of his almost naked body, Sherlock’s eyes widened, his cheeks flushing. John noticed and blushed too.
“John.” Sherlock simply said, sticking his hand all the way down his pants. He stroked his cock slowly, tilting his head back slightly, revealing his very pale neck.
John hurried home after apologizing to Marie’s family, and accepting the reward money reluctantly. He skipped taking a cab, and once on an empty sidewalk, he began running back to Baker Street.
“Checking something off the list.”
“John…”
“Ugh, John!”
Sherlock gasped, and practically jumped out of the shower, shampoo dripping from his hair as he ran naked to the kitchen where his phone was.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but offered up what John thought was his attempt at a comforting expression. John gulped again.
Thoughts like that began entering John’s mind and he shook his head, a habit he developed before he had gone to the hotel, to clear out those hazardous thoughts that led to him to that balcony.
Sherlock Holmes was bored. He was on a case, but a rather boring one. He had nothing else to do and so that’s how he found himself undercover as part of the cleaning service of some hotel. But to prove the crime-simple money laundering-he had to actually
“Are…you okay?” Sherlock asked, bringing John back out from his mind.
“I made the list.” He said grinning as he shoved a stack of stapled papers into John’s face.
John, having seen the stolen keys, huffed, but his arousal got the better of him and he slid inside.
“Mhm, no.” Sherlock said as sleep took over.
Sherlock lips were harsh, nipping and licking John’s. John relaxed at the feeling, only to be suddenly aware what was happening and where they were. He shoved at Sherlock, tearing them apart.
Sherlock laughed, before kissing John softly.
Sherlock hummed in amusement, and in one swift motion, he picked John up, his hands on his arse, and carried him to the sofa. They both toppled over, John underneath Sherlock. Sherlock dived down, his lips meeting John’s. They immediately began swirling their tongues together, tasting each other.
After his orgasm wore off, John looked up at an amused and aroused Sherlock. “We should do that.” He said, smiling wickedly as he pulled Sherlock down for a hard kiss.
"Marie?"
“What were you thinking about while I was at work?”
Sherlock smirked. “Maybe one.”  He turned around, straddling John’s lap, their naked cocks brushing. He kissed John’s lips chastely, before moving along John’s jaw to his ear. “I do have a very specific one.” He whispered in John’s ear.
“I want you to ride me.” Sherlock explained slowly, pausing to nibble at John’s ear.  He rocked his hips harder against John’s cock. “As we sit in the back of a police cruiser.” He finished, gripping John’s cock.
“Yes.”
“Say what? I…agreed to come here…to make you happy?” John thought aloud, confused.
“Great. Yeah...this is lovely.” John answered, setting his bag full of some clothes and a book down onto the table. He then walked over to the armchair that sat across from a more squared one.
Sherlock stoked John’s cock and soon he was coming, panting hard, his hands clutching Sherlock’s shoulders.
He came without warning Sherlock; his orgasm causing him to arch his back. Sherlock hummed in encouragement, swallowing his come.
John froze when Sherlock yelped. He rearranged himself, pulling back slightly from Sherlock to grasp Sherlock by the jaw, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock scoffed again, however it was lighter. “Why would I feel betrayed by someone I barely know?”
“Sherlock…” John groaned as Sherlock began to suck his hipbone.
“Hmmm?” After a while, John looked up to see Sherlock flushed very pink, a slight sweat gleaming along his brow. “What do you want?”
“I-I am actually. You mind?”
“Sherlock…”
“Yes! I do, Sherlock, I just thought…um…well…Sherlock I really think you should tell me how you feel and tell me about why losing Marie hurt you like it did.”
“There.” He said, grabbing John’s hand and placing it over it.
John paused, confused. “Why didn’t you tell Lestrade?”
Sherlock fumbled with John’s shirt but soon he had it unbuttoned completely and he moved his hands around to John’s back, slightly digging in his nails.
John rocked his hips, feeling Sherlock’s cock brush against his prostate. He could feel his orgasm coming, and it was soon then Sherlock tightened against him. As Sherlock’s orgasm came, his semen filling John, John gasped, his orgasm rocking through him.
“I would like to apologize on behalf of Sherlock Holmes-”
John reluctantly followed the cabbie into the school. The cabbie remained silent and drifted behind John, the gun aimed in between his shoulders.
"Is it a boy…or a girl?"
She quirked an eyebrow. John huffed and looked away. “I’ve been having nightmares. And I…I don’t deal with them properly.”
“Okay?”
John smiled back and then made his way into the kitchen.
“Oh!” John exclaimed, picturing the scene.
John answered with a laugh.
“I think we…like each other in a way—well a lot and we want this to work, but aren’t sure—shit, I um, am not making sense…” He dropped his head and looked up through his lashes only to see Sherlock still looking at him, his face softening.
Sherlock, startled by this, fell backward onto the deck, John coming with him.
John looked up at Sherlock. “Would you rather be sore and look like an oompa loompa?”
Sherlock swirled his tongue before moving to the other one. He then slowly kissed along John’s stomach, before licking up to John’s throat, nipping slightly.
“Did…I mean…would you like to join me on a case? It could be interesting…Lestrade wants me to take a look and I thought maybe…unless you don’t want to then I understand…”
Sherlock, his mouth had gone completely dry, nodded, his pupils dilated and his breathing quiet but quick.
“But?”
Once the two were dressed and their appearances put together more professionally, Sherlock stopped before walking out of the bedroom.
“Do you know
“Well, good morning gentlemen, what can I do for you?” A small woman behind the counter said.
“You will?”
“Bird?” Lestrade looked around, confused.
“Oh, well, I need to see if the professor’s shoes actually match the footprints obviously. They’re the same size but I need to see if he still kept the shoes. There would probably be mud on them along with some blood.”
“John…you should know I’m not great with feelings and sentiment and I don’t…” He swallowed, and took a deep breath before continuing. “I don’t know how to talk about my feelings John. All I do know is that you’ll see me be sentimental about a dog and then you’ll think I’m more of a freak than I already am-”
John fumbled wit Sherlock’s trousers, causing Sherlock to huff.
“Ah, good, you’re here, finally.” Lestrade said, looking grim.
“Ugh, John! What do you want me to say!?” He yelled, jumping out of his chair. The sudden movement and loud noise didn’t catch John off guard however and he merely glared at Sherlock while he kept shouting. “What do want me to say? Uh John? What? Yes, I had a dog and he was the only friend I ever had, well until you of course. But I got attached and he was ALWAYS THERE FOR ME JOHN… ALWAYS, THEN HE GOT SICK….THEN HE…” Sherlock couldn’t finish the sentence, he was breathing heavily and his eyes and cheeks were wet. He looked down at his hands to see them shaking and back at John whose glare evaporated into a look of immense concern. Sherlock, exhausted by all this sudden emotions stumbled forward to John and crumbled in front of him, his head resting in John’s lap and his hands clutching at John. He was shaking uncontrollably, his breathing uneven.
* * *
“Sherlock…” John said, licking his lips. “Fuck it.” He muttered, walking swiftly towards Sherlock, smashing his lips onto Sherlock’s emitting a startled but enthusiastic groan from the latter. They tasted each other, John’s hands in Sherlock’s curls and on his neck, Sherlock’s hands coming to wrap around John’s waist.
John faked a cough, which caused them to break apart quickly, their lips swollen.
“John. Do you think you’re initiating sex at inappropriate times?”
“Oh Jesus, Sherlock! Oh, I’m sorry, I should’ve asked you…just let it out Sherlock. I’m going to get you some gingerale.” John made his way quickly to Greg who was steering the boat through the waves.
“Do you…do you have any…” John stuttered as Sherlock lifted his head, his eyes staring up at John. “Do you have any…kinks?” John said, blushing.
The woman—Donavan presumably—didn’t respond, but tilted her head towards John.
“Oh…John…” Sherlock whispered, his grasp loosening on John’s soiled jacket.
Once below deck, John cornered Sherlock. “What’s wrong Sherlock? You’ve been acting rather odd today.”
“How are you John?” She asked. She was told that Sherlock would attend the session but wouldn’t speak unless asked to. Sherlock sat next to John, their hands clasped together.
“Seriously Sherlock. Lets brush our teeth and you can take care of this for me in the shower.” He said, placing Sherlock’s hand onto his erected cock.
John thought for a moment, and the nodded.
“Sherlock, please.” He whispered, his erection aching.
John laughed. “In a bit.”
Sherlock paused before he nodded, looking away.
"Sherlock! Careful, this is a crime scene!” Lestrade yelled. “And what do you mean you don’t know?”
“Oh, oh fuck, Sherlock. Oh...” John moaned, his eyes closing shut.
John breathed out and then calmly lowering his gun, clicking the safety back on.
They lay their together not long, their sweaty bodies shivering. Slowly, they unraveled, and after a quick wash-up, the two crawled back into bed, and quickly fell asleep.
Sherlock sucked hard, massaging John’s balls.
"A girl, I named her Marie."
Sherlock yelped before quickly burying his face into John shoulders, squeezing his eyes shut.
“You-you said we had to be quiet.” John breathed heavily.
John smiled softly. “Tired, huh?” He asked.
“He was taken from me.”
“Hello.” John greeted him, a smile forming on his face.
It was soon after that the two men came with each other’s names on their lips.
“Oh, fuck John!” Sherlock arched his back as John swirled his tongue around the nub.
“Sherlock…more, I need…”
John thought for a moment. “Both.” He said.
“I need you…to…um.” Sherlock murmured as John moved his kisses along his neck.
Sherlock stumbled as he stood up, pulling his trousers back up as well.
before and look where it got me, sick to my stomach, and smell-
“Sherlock…its like over 30 degrees outside and we don’t have an AC.”
“You…”
John stumbled as he got his jeans down to his ankles. He kicked them off quickly, followed by his pants before completely shucking off his jumper and t-shirt at once. He eagerly climbed over Sherlock’s body, kissing his way up Sherlock, nipping and sucking his nipples.
John licked his lips, his eyes widening. “No seducing, Sherlock…” he said, his voice cracking a bit. “Just…wait until after the dinner, mkay?”
After an hour looking and mingling with the dogs
“I-I live here…why…shouldn’t you have a warrant before you break into somebody’s flat?”
As John deepened the kiss, Sherlock felt his trousers tightening. In shock, he broke the kiss to look down. John looked down at him and a pleased expression grew on his face.
“Who?” Sherlock said, furrowing his eyebrows.
“What, what is it?”
Sherlock blinked slightly before looking up at John. John smiled, turning more to the side so that they were face to face.
John inhaled sharply. Sherlock, who had started shuffling in place, froze for a second, before hesitantly meeting John’s avoiding gaze.
“Its fine Sherlock.” John’s voice was rough. “I want to too—to feel you…inside me.”
“Sherlock! What, oh ow, oh, Oi!” John exclaimed as his clothes were practically torn off, and he was shoved under the cold water spray.
He slowly and efficiently prepared John as he sucked a mark on the side of John’s neck, the doctor’s moans and praises growing louder and rougher as Sherlock fucked him with his fingers.
John grinned at the sudden loss of sight. “Sherlock…” He said, his voice growing rough.
Sherlock pressed his cock into John’s entrance, his hands gripping his arse.
“Very good. I didn’t think you were smart.”
John moaned as Sherlock’s fully entered, his cock just barely brushing against his prostate.
“Uh, the murderous cabbie?”
It was well into late at night when slow heavy footsteps came from the stairwell.
“Mhm...oh right what were you trying to ask me John?” Sherlock said calmly as he turned back from facing the sofa placing his feet at the edge of the sofa, hugging his legs.
“Haven’t figured the password out, I see.
Sherlock and John made their way to the therapist office the next morning. John was nervous, his hands sweating beneath the gloves he wore. Sherlock’s hand in his was the only thing holding him, preventing him from walking the other way.
“Goodnight Sherlock.”
John woke up to a warmth pressing against his cheek. He kept his eyes shut but started taking in everything he was feeling. His throat, for one, was dry, and his eyes felt raw. He realised he was on his side, for his left arm was underneath something solid and his right was clutching something soft and warm. Whatever his head was on was hard, almost bony and when he cracked open his eyes he realised he was sleeping on Sherlock, his head resting on Sherlock’s chest. He blinked against the sunlight streaming in through the window, and unclenched his hand that was on Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock reluctantly handed his coat to John, despite the fact he owned several coats and did not practically mind getting a little seawater on one of them.
“Yep.”
“Sherlock-
John woke up the next morning with a headache and a painfully empty stomach. The too familiar emotions sent panic throughout him, causing him to think for a second that everything that had happened was a dream. The panic subsided as quickly as it appeared when the sound of soft music was heard from the living room. He got up slowly, letting the dizziness drift away before he fully got up and strolled into the bathroom. After washing his face and brushing his teeth, he went back to the bedroom, pulling out clean clothes from his duffel bag he had yet to unpack.
“Shh” Sherlock said at John’s raised voice.
“John is a doctor, was in the army and is perfectly capable at handling murder. Aren’t you John?”
“Sherlock!” John called while he made his way up the seventeen steps of 221B Baker Street.
“Why, because I’m so
The two stared at each other for a few moments before Sherlock finally spoke.
The kiss was turning heated when there was a loud bang against the back of the ambulance.
“You’re not serious Lestrade!” Sherlock barked, kicking Lestrade’s seat.
“Let me kiss you.”
“Oh, fuck. Sherlock.” John moaned as Sherlock inserted another finger.
“Yes…Sherlock…I love you..come for me…” John gasped as his own orgasm hit him suddenly. He bit his own lip hard as he rode out his orgasm. Sherlock gasped suddenly against him, his own orgasm ripping through him.
“No. It… It was just a nightmare…they’re all the same, about the war…about…” He couldn’t finish but was grateful Sherlock didn’t press him to continue. Instead, he felt a hand on his shoulder. They stood in silence for a bit, and then Sherlock muttered something about showering and John was left alone.
“Quiet.” He ordered again, moving his hand away slightly for Sherlock to respond.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him as he wiggled his hips slightly.
“That’s it, love.” John whispered, his other hand clutching Sherlock’s hips so hard, there’d be bruises left.
“Its not.” Lestrade said walking towards them. “The guard recognized your faces when you entered the warehouse and thought you might be here for a case. So he called. I told him to keep an eye on you until I arrived. What were you two doing?” Lestrade asked.
John sat down at his chair, a cup in his hand, when Sherlock shifted, his body relaxing.
I hope everyone enjoyed this : ) it was difficult at times but as I was writing this chapter I felt I could end it here and it would be fine and I think it is.
John looked up at him, after having sat himself down on the sofa.
John scoffed, and rested his head back down. Sherlock nipped at his chin before moving down to his neck as he brought hand between John’s legs. “I need you to…” He said. John wriggled slightly, the feeling of wood against his bare arse unpleasant as he spread his legs. Sherlock poured a generous amount of lube onto his fingers before he began to prepare John. He massaged John open with one hand, as he firmly stroke John’s cock with his other.
* * *
“Sherlock…” John tried again. “Sherlock, there are people staring. We…we need to get home first.”
“I was busy.” Sherlock snapped, pacing across the room, his coat swaying behind him. His eyes landed on John, and his face softened only a fraction as he swept towards John, stepping over the man on the floor.
“Too enthusiastically.” John repeated back.
“Yes—Sherlock...oh!” He gasped, rocking his hips towards Sherlock.
A man dressed in a simple tux, an earpiece in one ear, walked forward.
“Here, just come here Sherlock.” John spoke quietly, sitting down. He wrapped some towels and then as Sherlock sat down next to him, he scooted closer, practically sitting in Sherlock’s lap.
Sherlock spent an hour over the images of the crime scene and came up with one conclusion.
John held tightly onto Sherlock’s shoulders as he slowly sank himself onto Sherlock’s cock. The two men gasped in pleasure, their breathing the only sound in the cell.
When morning came, John felt the effects of last night. For one, his arse was rather sore. His legs too. Stretching, he felt his back tighten. Huffing, he yawned, his cheeks reddening slightly as he remembered in detail of last night. However, the pleasant memories were interrupted by Lestrade yelling close by.
John shook his head as his body shook. He sat up and leaned forward, grabbing Sherlock by his now wrinkled and cum stained shirt and pulled him into a kiss.
Sherlock turned to look at him, alarmed. “What do you mean?” he asked.
“Yeah, yeah of course, here.” He kneeled down slightly to the mini refrigerator, grabbing a can of gingerale.
“Better?” he asked.
“No, but she did collect animals made by taxidermists as well as furs and wall décor of animals that shouldn't be hunted, like that tiger rug in the sitting room.”
Although the tension had left the room, John had one question for Sherlock that would allow John to not worry about his future.
John had been quietly reading a novel while sitting in his chair when Sherlock’s phone went off. The detective was sitting at the kitchen table, immersed in his experiment (something with enzymes?) and John looked over seeing Sherlock step away from his experiment, his eyes wide, listening to a rather exhausted person on the other line. Upon finishing, Sherlock said,
The water around them was sliding back and forth, leaving a mess on the floor, but neither man cared as pleasure erupted through them. John brought a hand to his face, bringing him closer. He kissed Sherlock's swollen lips hard, nipping and sucking. Sherlock's moans hitched as John kissed him harder.
“Yes” John said. “I need to. I just need to cum with you.”
“Not the name, the feeling. Whatever it is you’re feeling, have you felt like that before?”
“I’m fine now Sherlock.” He said, a small smile growing on his face. “Please. I want to”
“Its fine John,
“Sherlock, good you’re here. We really need you’re help—can I help you?” Lestrade said, glancing at John.
“John!” Sherlock ran after him and nearly hit his face on the slammed door. “John!’ Sherlock banged on the door. “John, open up, please, just let me in.” He rattled the doorknob but it was locked.
“John…”
“Leave. Now.” He said.
, could you
John let out a sigh of relief. He smiled, blushing. Sherlock smiled back, his eyes gleaming as he held the cab’s door open.
“I’m sorry-” he started.
“John, I want you to be sure.”
for then?”
“No its not, my coat is covering it.” Sherlock said, trying to keep his dignity in tact.
John’s breath escaped him and he sat up, capturing Sherlock’s lips.
“Just keep drinking Sherlock, okay. And I’m sorry, I should’ve asked you whether or not you get seasick.”
John rocked his hips, before the feeling of Sherlock’s clothed cock became annoying and he broke apart to take off Sherlock’s trousers.
“Oof, Sherlock, I-I need to take my pants off first.”
“Oh, Sherlock, please…” John whined, rocking his hips forward.
Sherlock hummed as John’s hands moved around his neck and onto his shoulders. He was feeling aroused as John massaged further down, brushing firmly against his right nipple.
John relaxed too. “I think its betrayal. We’ve been in each other’s company for two months, but we didn’t exactly get to know one another. We’ve never even gone out on a date.”
John laughed quietly. “Of course you would…” He moved around a bit, finding the small bottle quickly enough and after applying some to his fingers, he began to prepare Sherlock.
“Sherlock.” John finally spoke, embarrassed and angry. He leaned forward, resting his face on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Let me.” He said, quickly shoving his trousers and pants down to his knees. He then quickly unbuckled John’s belt and tugged his jeans and pants down enough to free his cock. John pulled Sherlock back towards him with his legs, their cocks coming into contact. The two men gasped, their lips meeting against much more harshly as they rocked together.
John, having missed the smirk on his partner’s face, looked over the breakfast. The food was still steaming, and so he let it go.
Upon entering the crime scene, John had to take a deep breath, taking it all in. It was a mess, to say the least. Broken glass, other things littered the floor, the body of the woman lying amongst it. But it wasn’t that that had John’s attention. There were red words painted on the wall, above the bed.
“John.” The therapist interrupted.
“Sorry officer.” John tried to speak, laughter still in his throat.
“Look, can you just go please? I’m fine on my own and I don’t need your help or your comfort so please just fuck off.” The man snapped.
“When?” Sherlock said, angrily. “When were you uncomfortable but didn’t tell me?”
Once escorted out, Sherlock and John looked at each and began to laugh even louder, bystanders staring at the two men who clung to each other as they began to walk home.
“Incredible.” Sherlock whispered. His eyes blinked slowly closed.
Once John was fully seated, they took a second and Sherlock nodded. John breathed as he rocked against Sherlock, Sherlock’s hands wrapping tightly against his waist. John burrowed his face into Sherlock neck as he rocked his hips.
“Oh, fuck, Sherlock.” John moaned.
“Explain John! Because I damn well deserve an explanation!”
a drug problem. I’m
"You bought her a dog toy?"
Sherlock ignored him, as he made his way in between two cruisers. He pulled out a set of keys and unlocked the car, opening the backdoor for John.
John’s breath caught, and he let out a rather shaky breath. He kept his eyes closed while he spoke. “I’m sorry about the bed.”
“Sh-sherlock?” John slurred, rubbing his eyes. “Whassthematter?”
“Oh, he’s just someone we consult with for certain cases. Apparently he knew the previous four victims were murdered and hadn’t committed suicide like we had thought and he was rather pissed to find that the case was solved before he could get to it.”
Now it was John’s turn to scoff. “Drugs?”
“Alright. Over the next two weeks, I want you two not have sex. If you have a nightmare John, I want you to talk about it, in detail, to Sherlock. Find other ways to connect as well.”
“Mhm, yeah?”
Once at Baker Street, John was practically carried into the flat and pushed against the wall once they were inside their sitting room.
“John?”
Sherlock blushed. “I…hope you would wear it John. No one will know but me.” He said.
And I will editing/adding tags along the way as I develop the story more
Silence infiltrated the room and neither one of them moved. John had already sat down in front of Sherlock so his leg wasn’t in any pain and he kept his gaze focused on the floor. The silence wasn’t awkward as it could have been, but there was some tension in the air John was too afraid to question. Luckily for him, Sherlock hated the feeling of unease.
“Do you initiate the sex to make him happy?”
“John…I will stay with you. But you should know I don’t sleep every night. And I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. But I will stay with you. Would that alright?
“What do you need John?”
“Okay.”
“Come here.” John said gently, leading Sherlock face under the water spray.
“John…” Sherlock muttered against John's lips. “I'm going to…” He started, biting his lip.
Late morning sunshine shined through the room, waking John up. He stretched and finding the spot next to him warm but empty. Surprised that Sherlock had stayed in bed a lot longer than usual, John got up and plucked one of Sherlock’s robes from the floor and made his way to the kitchen where he found to be clean. Before he could comment, Sherlock, who had been hunched over the microscope, looked up and said, “Mrs. Hudson did the cleaning.”
“This is Sherlock, Sherlock, Bill and Charlie and…” He looked at the brunette, giggling with Charlie’s date, a tall redhead.
Sherlock’s eyes blew wide and he removed his hand as John resumed. He sucked the head of Sherlock’s cock, and then he swallowed down, moving his hands, one to clutch Sherlock’s thighs and the other to massage his balls. Sherlock was squirming completely now, moans of pleasure escaping his mouth. He moved his hands down, grasping John’s hair, stroking and pulling it, which caused John to moan loudly, the vibrations moving through Sherlock.
“Where is she?” Sherlock asked, his eyes roaming the room,
knew it would turn out bad, it’s your own fault you told them how long you’d be staying and so you couldn’t leave because that’s who you are.” Sherlock huffed, clearly angry about something John could really care less about right now, for he was much angrier now.
Sherlock, startled by the sudden emotional state John was in, froze. John’s breathing became unsteady again, his body shaking.
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were men of many things. And now together, they were more than just fine.
Sherlock blushed, leaning down to kiss on John’s lips. “You don’t look so bad yourself…Captain.” He whispered, the last word said slowly and roughly.
Sherlock mumbled incoherently, but sat up. John took one look at Sherlock’s disarray of frizzy curls and his swollen lips and he was in a fit of giggles.
“Sherlock!” John yelled again, opening the door wide and sudden, startling the detective inspector, barley receiving a reaction from Sherlock.
John led Sherlock outside of the ballroom, onto the deserted balcony. The cold air did nothing to him as he pushed Sherlock against a wall, a few vines hiding them from view.
I really hope everything is sounding in-character. I would like to thank my sister maeerin here on archiveofourown who helped me get out of writers block. : )
Sherlock lifted his hips slightly, leading John’s hand to his arsehole.
John ignored her again. He fidgeted slightly, before he spoke again. “Do-er-Do you have to search the whole flat? I mean, shouldn’t you wait for Sherlock? I don’t know if he would like this happening if hes not here.”
“Because it’s too hot out here and I need to think.”
“Wait, well no not exactly. I mean they do just further prove that the killer was against her because of her choices in home décor but why go to all that trouble?”
John was ready, and he sucked Sherlock’s cock harder.
“Yes…John…John.” Sherlock rambled. “Oh…my John…” He suddenly gasped, burying his face in John’s neck as he orgasm ripped through him as he came onto John’s uniform.
He then wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist, bringing their clothed erections closer.
“Sherlock just…go away.”
John swallowed tightly. “I just needed some money.”
“Piss off freak!” He heard somewhere else.
“You don’t need to apologize John.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, his smirk growing as the elevator dinged, and he walked swiftly through the empty hallway. After looking at each door, he stopped in front of one, pulling out a key card.
John moved quickly down, his hands grasping Sherlock’s arse before stopping with Sherlock’s cock right in his face. He began kissing around it, sucking marks on the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
“Hey, its okay. Come here.” John sat against the headboard and led Sherlock to straddle his thighs allowing their clothed erections to come into contact. At the sudden closeness and warmth being so close to John, Sherlock’s breathing to quicken, his trousers grew tighter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“See? Now come along John.” Sherlock said, pushing his way past Lestrade and walking into the bedroom, John right behind him.
“Yeah, alright.” John answered. He would’ve offered going instead—fresh air could do him good—but he had no idea where the closest store was from here. He listened as Sherlock’s footsteps slowly disappeared, followed by the soft click of the door closing. John took a louder deep breath. He might as well get a few minutes of sleep; he planned on having a talk with Sherlock about their relationship.
* * *
When John was ready, Sherlock entered him, his cock stretching John open more. John gasped at the sensation, his fingers gripping Sherlock’s arse tightly.
“Oh John.” Was all Sherlock could said as John became fully seated.
Sherlock huffed, as he pulled the towel around his shoulders closer as he bent down to shuck off his ruined trousers.
“How can someone courteous be with someone so…discourteous.” They said.
John blushed deeply at that and giggled softly before leaning in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s nose. He moved around his face, placing soft chaste kisses along Sherlock’s cheekbones, forehead, and nose before finally pressing a kiss onto his lips. They began slow, copying each other’s movements, deepening the kiss but still at a slow pace. But it soon became rather hot in the bedroom and Sherlock broke the kiss suddenly to peel off his shirt, revealing his pale smooth chest. John, in awe of his beauty, caressed his chest and began placing kisses along his collarbone and down his upper chest. He
John grinned against Sherlock’s neck, before leaning forward to place a kiss along his jawbone.
John nodded. “I will. But I…I need…”
“I’m giving you a choice; you can choose a bottle and take the pill or you can get a bullet in between your eyes.” He lifted the gun. “Your choice.”
* * *
, John.”
“You okay?” John asked, shaking salt water from his head..
“Where are we going?” John asked once they were in a cab. It was getting dark, the streets busy with people heading home from work.
“We’ll be there in ten minutes.” And he was off, and the next thing John knew he was being pulled off the chair and lead to the doorway, his jacket handed to him.
“What’s so funny?”
“I…” Sherlock blushed. “And I for you.”
“Not really…”
Feeling sorry and anger at Sherlock at the same time, John stood up straighter and let out what was practically an order.
John sighed. “Of course, I’ll wear them Sherlock.” He said softly, titling Sherlock’s head up. “Is this why you made me breakfast? And the whole…shower thing?”
“You have nothing to be sorry for John.”
* * *
“But?”
“You alright?” He asked softly.
“Not all the time.” Sherlock paused, averting his gaze away. “Sometimes he lets me fall asleep after I’ve come. I had first assumed he just finished himself off, but when I woke up, he’d initiate it again, and become hard rather quickly.”
“You were brilliant today.” Sherlock whispered against John’s lips.
“Okay?” John looked over at Sherlock’s hand.
, more expecting the sound of glee. John didn’t look towards Sherlock right away. He knew Sherlock must’ve gotten it.
“Ah, good evening John.” Sherlock said, his voice incredibly rough.
“Well you weren’t answering any of my texts, not even to rate any of the cases so I believed the worst, thought you were back to your old habits, and so here we are.”
“No you weren’t. You-you had a nightmare last night and wouldn’t want to go to sleep. Why John? Tell me.”
It was lunchtime, so London was buzzing with people, so John took his lunch to a small bench in the park and sat quietly.
John’s face softened into a look of true admiration and he softly kissed Sherlock’s lips before pulling Sherlock down onto the bed with him.
It was soon when Sherlock was moaning almost incoherently, John’s name repeated until he gasped, coming down John’s throat as he rode out his orgasm.
Sherlock didn’t answer, but merely grunted.
“I mean…I don’t know whether or not you’re flirting and I would like to know if you are so that…I could…flirt back.” Sherlock said, his eyes skittering across John’s face, to the floor, and back.
Sherlock moaned, the noise vibrating against John’s neck.
He rocked his hips, entering into John.
Sherlock didn’t answer right away. “Slow down?” He eventually asked.
Sherlock hummed in bliss as John kissed his temple gently.
“I…” John swallowed, his voice shaking slightly. “I can talk to you but I don’t need your pity or your-“
“Wait, John!” Sherlock exclaimed as John was leaning down to pull the lace underwear on. “John, I…I don’t want to see you…in them yet. I want to
“Anyone can be watching.” Sherlock murmured.
“Jesus, Sherlock, I told you I didn’t want to hear about it.” He gritted his teeth, clutching his mug of tea as he stalked to his chair.
“Its alright John. You were just having a nightmare.”
“Oh…John.” Sherlock hummed, turning his head to capture John’s lips with his own, tasting himself mixed with John. They swirled their tongues together for a bit until John pulled off, a slight grimace on his face.
Lestrade appeared next to them with an envelope and his second cup of coffee. “Here is the fine, you have a week to pay it. Its doubled now because of your extra shag.” He explained before leaving them.
“John, oh John.” Sherlock murmured, John’s cock brushing his prostate. “Oh, my dear John.” He gasped.
“John!” Sherlock let out a breathy moan.
John’s breathing was ragged, his voice too rough for an audible noise, so he nodded swiftly, bending his head slightly to press an openmouthed kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder, nipping slightly as Sherlock slowly began to thrust.
“Are you sure?”
“Maybe…you saw me on the television. I’m…” Sherlock then thought to hell with the case. “I’m not actually part of the cleaning crew here. I’m undercover…maybe you saw me in the paper or something…like that.”
“Everything done?”
“Mhm? What do you think? Both of us blindfolded, relying on our other senses.” He whispered, stroking Sherlock back.
“Shhh.” Sherlock whispered as he resumed undoing John’s belt.
Sherlock scoffed in response, which wasn’t the best choice, for he slightly paled more as the boat went over a wave, rocking in response. He swallowed down whatever had decided to come up at that moment and responded rather quickly,
Sherlock whimpered slightly, and nodded, licking his lips as John kissed them gently before moving along his jaw. He tightened his grasp on Sherlock’s arse with one hand, and resumed stroking his cock with the other, emitting muffled moans form the detective.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at John, and noticed his eyes were sparkling. Without needing to speak a single word, John titled his head. Sherlock smirked slightly before leaning forward, capturing John’s lips. The two kissed harshly, and roughly, a red faced Lestrade trying desperately to maintain to the speed limit.
John giggled softly before kissing Sherlock’s forehead, before he himself began to drift off.
“Sherlock-”
“Sherlock…” John voice was rough, but Sherlock could detect a slight hint of amusement.
Sherlock looked over at John. “No.” He pouted. He looked away; ready to sulk only to spin sharply back around, staring intently at John.
“Wait what,” John’s face turned bewildered as an officer placed him in handcuffs. Sherlock was pushed against the cop car, his wrists handcuffed behind his back as well. He tried to squirm but his efforts failed and he was pushed into the back of the squad car, John right behind him.
“I do.”
“Okay?” John paused, looking Sherlock.
“Sherlock” John whispered against Sherlock’s lips, nipping them slightly. Sherlock was straining against him, trying to keep his behind from being seen. He pushed his trousers and pants down low enough to reveal his aching cock.
Sherlock eyed the life-vest in dislike but slipped his coat off anyway, slipping the vest over his pale blue shirt. Before he could get his coat back on, John stopped him, handing him a windbreaker.
“Sherlock, fuck.” John gasped.
“John.” Sherlock said, his voice hitching as John gently bit down in the mark.
“So one of these pills is the bad pill and the other is not?”
ERROR
John was currently lying on his bed in the small room provided for him by the rehab center. He had been for the past 3 hours since arriving and his future being in the rehab center currently resigned in his mind and that depressed him even more. He was given a full schedule of therapy sessions, leisure time, activities, and chores he was required to do and although he appreciated that he wouldn’t have spare time to let his thoughts get to him, he was afraid—afraid of something he couldn’t quite put a name too.
“Sherlock, yes, like that, perfect, love, that’s perfect.” John emitted as he grinded his hips furiously. “Oh fuck, yes. Sherlock!” He cried out as Sherlock nipped at his throat, a hand having grasped his cock.
“Do you still want me to fuck you?”
“Yes, come fore me Sherlock.” John whispered, rocking his hips harder.
Sherlock’s right nipple and causing Sherlock to arch into the touch and let out a low moan. Humming in pleasure, John moved on to the left one and then moved back up and began sucking his neck, determined to leave a mark.
“A case John! Come on, I’ll give you ten minutes!” He said cheerfully, kissing John’s lips firmly.
Sherlock’s face relaxed and he leaned forward, his lips meeting John’s hard.
“Sherlock…” John simply said, his voice rough. The two men loosened their grasp on each other, John lowering Sherlock to the ground to zip himself back up. When their eyes met, their cheeks flushed, the two men burst into giggles, nearly falling into each other.
“Great! Do you have a particular preference or did you just want to look around, see who you connect with?”
He slowed penetrated John, both men emitting gasps of delight.
“Get it. We may not need it, but its always good to be prepared.”
As his orgasm faded down, John crawled up Sherlock’s body, capturing his lips hard. Sherlock moaned as John kissed him lazily.
“Sherlock,” He began, softly but affirming. “Can I come in?”
“So you were attached to this dog?” John asked softly but relaxed, leaning slightly over the table.
John glared in response, catching the lie.
“Sometimes.”
“Yes, okay…” Sherlock muttered, shuffling to get the lube out of his coat pocket. Once he found it and covered his fingers and cock with a generous amount, he was only able to get a finger into John when John froze.
Sherlock didn’t know what the right thing was to say and that annoyed him.
“Did you…like wearing them?”
John, his hands steady, held the gun at the cabbie, and pulled out his phone, dialing the police.
“No, I’m not going to kill you. I’m going to talk to you, and then you’re going to kill yourself.”
John didn’t find anything funny and so he stood up quickly, no longer under threat and pulled out the gun from his coat, aiming it at the cabbie. The cabbie’s face fell as John released the safety off.
“Why do you initiate sex after a nightmare?”
Sherlock shot his head up, the confusion increasing. “What?”
Sherlock blushed. John took the lube and poured a generous amount on his fingers. “Lift up.” He said. Sherlock lifted slightly, balancing his weight on John’s shoulders. John slowly massaged Sherlock's opening. As he inserted a finger into Sherlock, he sucked a mark along Sherlock's chest, moving to his right nipple. Sherlock gasped as John inserted another finger while sucking at his nipple.
John had been talking to a group of older veterans along with Bill and Charlie when he heard high pitch laughter. Looking around, he saw Sherlock in between Layla and Emily, as well as a few other women and two unknown men. He looked rather annoyed, but was trying to be polite. John threw him an apologetically look, when one of the men leaned forward, and whispered into Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock responded with a real laugh, his eyes twinkling at the stranger. The conversation forgotten, John began to walk forward, jealously growing fast within him as he saw one of the ladies place her hand on Sherlock’s shoulder before rubbing his arm slightly.
Sherlock simply scoffed, diverting his eyes from John’s bare chest to the floor.
“Well, obviously you are not fine on your own since you are sitting in the edge of a balcony with eighty feet below you.” Sherlock snapped back. “And I am not going anywhere, not until the police arrive with the actual help.”
“Yes you are.”
“John?”
“Its all right John. I’m used to it.”
“I…” John started, confused now completely evident on his face and in his tone. “I’m happy if that’s what’s concerning you.”
“Why are you using my computer?” John required.
“Was it abusive?”
Sherlock gasped at the friction.
“But?”
“John-”
“I need you to come with me.”
Molly only giggled and closed the door. Sherlock looked up at John who was still as red as before, but now whose lips were red and swollen, his eyes twinkling. Sherlock smiled back, and pressed his forehead against John’s.
“What?”
Sherlock was currently looking through photos of the murder of Isabelle Delacour, a graduate student in animal behavioral studies. John busied himself looking through information about the victim and at the words painting on Isabella’s bookshelf.
“I’ll go see the therapist again.”
They kissed lazily, unaware of the security guard standing behind them.
“I…okay.” John said smiling, his cheeks reddening as he began to read.
“I…” John’s smile faltered before completely turning into a frown. “I…I like to be close with you Sherlock…”
“Why don’t you initiate sex other times?”
Sherlock hummed in response as John moved along his collarbone, trailing a hand down Sherlock’s spine.
John moaned as Sherlock moved his hand to the prominent bulge in between them. “Eagar, aren’t we.” He whispered against John’s neck.
And yet, here Sherlock Holmes was, standing right in front of him, with an expression somewhere between amusement, curiosity, and worry.
the killer wrote those words. “Come along John.”
John was now right up to Sherlock, their noses brushing slightly. He tilted his head up slightly, silently asking Sherlock if this was okay, and received a slight nod from him. John stood on his toes, brushing his lips softly against Sherlock’s. They stood there for a couple seconds, only their lips touching, not moving any inch when the feeling of John’s lips on Sherlock’s snapped him out of the shy, quiet state, and he leaned forward, his arms wrapping around John, pulling him closer. Their lips began moving together, starting out slow, but quickly picking up pace and they began battling for dominance when John was practically picked up off the floor, and Sherlock stumbled forward, ending up with John lying on his back on the table with Sherlock over him, catching his breath.
John nodded, and they met in the middle, Sherlock’s hands rubbing and grasping John’s arms.
“Have you ever been in a relationship where you lacked control?”
I had ran out of bags…the money I split with this small dealer, so it was enough to get by…” He trailed off, humiliated by his past.
“Oh it was…elementary.” He said, smirking at John before walking into the elevator.
Sherlock started, and then he knelt on the ground, in front of John’s knees.
When John pulled the red lace panties on, he was surprised to how well they fit him. He glanced at himself in the mirror and had to say that they made his arse look rather fine. He took a breath and pulled on the rest of his clothes, a naughty feeling inside him growing as he walked into the sitting room.
“Mhm, Sherlock…” He whispered against Sherlock’s lips. “You—you need to put a blindfold on too.”
Sherlock followed John into bed, discarding their towels.
“Obvious. The guest list says you checked in around 10 pm last night and from the evidence in the room you didn’t bring any possessions apart from the clothes on your back and your cane. You didn’t even bring your cell phone. You clearly put a lot of thought in this suicide with your ID and note on the table in clear view. The only question is…why?”
Sherlock pulled back, only to kneel slightly to pull down John’s jeans and pants swiftly off. He then stood up sharply, lifting John with him, so that his legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist.
When John and Sherlock entered the ballroom, John immediately saw his army buddies, Bill and Charlie. He waved back at them, pulling Sherlock along.
John spent another half hour trying to fit the trap under the sink as a precaution for other wandering mice after safely catching the mouse and placing it in self-made cage on the counter, when he noticed a tiny hole in the far back corner. While he was trying to have a closer look, with his arse in the air, and sweat dripping slowing along his back, all being completely unaware of a consulting detective halted in his tracks in the kitchen entryway, something unexpected happened. Before he could crawl out, a tinier mouse scurried from the hole. He successfully grabbed it only for two more to climb out of the hole.
“Can we…can we do this again?” He asked, hesitantly.
“What do you want Sherlock?” John answered softly, slowly stroking Sherlock’s hair and cheek.
“This isn’t really a comfortable place for
When John went limp, Sherlock pulled off and stood up. He captured John’s lips hard, swirling his semen-soaked tongue with John’s.
Lestrade than sat up and unlocked the handcuffs from John and lead him out of the building with the information for the future therapy sessions.
“I’m s—…I…” he gulped; he hadn’t really interacted with anyone in a while and the connection he and Sherlock had was…a unique one.
While he sat, he ran the words through his head.
Sherlock spun to him, stopping in mid-sentence.
“Why is the freak here?” He heard first from a curly-haired woman.
" Oh, good morning" He said, his voice dry from sleep. "So, a puppy."
Sherlock looked up at John. “I…I like where I am now.” He said innocently.
“Ready to go?” John asked.
“Morning!” He yelled, slamming Sherlock’s cell door open. John listened closely.
John followed Sherlock through the swarm of police officers at a rather posh apartment complex. There were people with cameras being held back by a string of yellow type, though that didn’t stop them from snapping their equipment. Feeling out of place, John kept up the pace, staying right at Sherlock’s heels as he made his way into the elevator. Sherlock remained silent as the elevator took them to the 20
“Sherlock?”
“That…was amazing.” John said, a look of admiration on his face.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade yelled from the side.
A few hours past and then Sherlock blurted out, “JOHN, give me a hint!”
John moved one hand away from Sherlock’s arse, and gripped his cock, stroking it slightly as he began to suck the head.
Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes as he climbed off John. John stood up slightly, smoothing out his wrinkled clothes before following Sherlock.
“Loads.” Sherlock answered. “Can I…”
John moaned against Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock fully entered him.
Sherlock flushed, though that could’ve been because the heat from the jacuzzi. He bit his lip and leaned forward, his lips closer to John’s ear.
He wasn’t expecting
“Sherlock…” John tried to look irritated, but the intense orgasm he just had was making him smile. He looked up at Sherlock as he hailed a cab.
John rolled his eyes. Of course Sherlock wanted to have a foot chase with the suspect. “Well, then come on Sherlock, maybe Lestrade might need us for something else…” John began to sit up, only to pushed back down by Sherlock, the boat rocking a little.
“Ah, John…” He stared, about to introduce John to the people around when he stopped, noticing John’s current state.
“Sherlock, did you know?”
“You know, the
* * *
“You…” the man let out a laugh, catching Sherlock once again off guard. “You were that loud man that I…” The man didn’t finish as sirens began blaring, appearing closer and before he knew it, there were almost half a dozen emergency vehicles down below including an ambulance.
John’s jaw was tense, his eyes narrowed as he was about to spat out a remark when Sherlock’s words were reprocessed in his mind. He sputtered, confused, and asked a question instead. “Why do you care so much?”
“Yes…Captain.” Sherlock said, weakly smirking as John’s eyes widened, his arousal increasing.
you’re wearing them but I don’t want to see them until later. After the case.”
* * *
“Now, there’s no reason to get angry John, but she and I both agree you shouldn’t participate in anything sexual shortly after having a nightmare. You need to talk to someone about them and I agree. So from now on, you can either talk to me, or your therapist.”  Sherlock blurted out.
“Alright, it was. He’d hit me when I wouldn’t want to have sex a certain way and he’d call me names. I ended it after he broke my wrist. I wasn’t just letting it happen.” John said angrily, wiping a few tears away.
And there it was. Hostility. Embarrassment. Sentiment.
John swallowed and cleared his throat. “I do. Have now for a long time.”
John didn’t answer but covered his face in his hands as he began to cry.
“Anything I can do?” John asked.
“Yes,” Sherlock mumbled. He started sucking John’s neck, which only caused John’s breathing to become more erratic. While he sucked, he peeled off his gloves and then began undoing John’s belt. John tensed slightly and tried to hide it but Sherlock was already moving his hands away from John’s belt.
In the shower, John tried not to think about Sherlock and his oh-so warm lips and the feeling of his hands along his backside. He was growing hard again by just thinking about it and he wanted to go further with Sherlock but he was nervous. He didn’t want to fuck it up but then again he really just wanted to cum with Sherlock. He turned the water to cold and after a few minutes, he was able to finish up showering.
“So why are you upset?”
John blushed deeply, looking away as his smirk grew.
Sherlock nodded, still quiet and kept his gaze on the floor.
Sherlock rode John hard, his gasp and moans piercing John’s ears, his hearing enhanced.
“In here.” The cabbie broke the silence, and walked in front of John opening a door, still pointing the gun at John. John went into the dimly lit room and the cabbie followed behind leading them to sit face to face at one of the tables.
“You were
The two laid down on top the table, slicked in come and sweat, worn out. John was the first to break the silence.
. He thought.  It was when he was placing the petri dishes into the sink when he heard indistinct noises coming from the bedroom. He walked to the door, unsure what to do, but when he heard sudden movement followed by a thump on the floor and a whimper did Sherlock hastily open the door. It was pitch black and so he turned on the light to find the bed’s sheets disarrayed and John on the floor at the foot of the bed, his head resting on his knees, his back against the bed. Sherlock walked towards John, who had let out a shaky breath.
Sherlock groaned loudly suddenly, John’s head jerking back up towards him.
Sherlock huffed, but didn’t say anything until he was right in front of John, ushering the paramedic away with a glare.
“How are you feeling?”
And later, much later, as his life changed drastically, and he had met the best, most wisest man he would ever know, and the girlfriends slowly disappeared, John Watson could now be described as fine.
He bucked his hips, and he felt Sherlock move one of his hands to firmly stroke the base of his cock before moving further down. John jerked slightly at the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers at his hole. He briefly noted that Sherlock had pulled off quickly to stick his fingers into his mouth only to place them back at John’s entrance.
“We need to brush our teeth.”
“Do you ever stop during sex? Ever communicate about things you like or don’t like?”
He took his jacket off, followed by his shoes and walked into the kitchen to find it in complete disarray. Huffing, John stalked towards the bedroom, banging the door open.
“Are you flirting with me?”
John nodded, his cheeks turning pink.
"Sherlock…I don’t think…"
“Yeah, I’m fine. But I’ll be cold soon.” He said as
“I…yeah.”
John ignored her. “No offense, Detective Inspector, but aren’t you supposed to have a warrant before you search a person’s flat?” He said, standing up straight.
As they caught their breath, Sherlock relaxed against John. John hummed quietly and when their eyes met, the two men broke into laughter.
“Oh, fuck!” John cried out, bucking his hips forward.
“Its fine John. Sherlock said, kissing him gently on the cheek. “Come John, you need a shower.” He said, walking towards to exit.
Sherlock rolled his eyes before bypassing Lestrade and walked towards the elevator.
Sherlock didn’t speak at first, but then softly responded.
The two men suddenly broke apart at an abrupt knock. John looked quizzically at Sherlock who seemed unfazed as he made his way to the door.
Embarrassed, Sherlock didn’t look up at John, but nodded shyly and got up to follow John.
Sherlock allowed the grin to reform. “Good.”
When Sherlock didn’t respond, John sighed loudly.
Sherlock relaxed against John as their orgasm faded, euphoric bliss still around them, leaving them in a haze.
“Sherlock please.” John said, wiping his face. He didn’t look broken, or scared, but sad and Sherlock didn’t want to see that look on his face ever again.
Sherlock looked expectantly at John who stepping forward, handing the woman a folder with all the essentials.
“What-who are you?” John shouted, clutching his cane in front of him.
“Oh, oh, Sherlock, I’m close….I’m—”
Sherlock saw this and spoke again.
Awkward silence would’ve ensued if Sherlock hadn’t spoken.
“Oh, well…Sherlock and I have some sort of deal. He helps on cases, and on orders from his brother, I make sure he doesn’t relapse, or have any drugs on his person.”
Sherlock smiled in return, and the two made their way back to Baker Street hand in hand with Turing, a young, jack russell terrier trailing right behind.
“John.” Sherlock began mumbling, burying his face into the juncture of John’s neck.
Sherlock froze. “What camera?”
Sherlock Holmes was sitting in the waiting room of Bart’s Hospital as the man, John Watson was his name, was being evaluated. He had been waiting for almost an hour and hoped he would get to see John. He was worried about what this meant for them because there was something he couldn’t understand that he had with the man and he wanted to see what that something was. A doctor walked towards Sherlock, who immediately stood up. The doctor went on explaining John’s condition and how he would be transported to a rehab facility and he was in no condition at the moment to been seen by anyone other than immediate family. Sherlock let out a noise of annoyance but understood and went to set up a visitation time with John.
Sherlock gave him a look before responding, “You’re not seriously asking that question, given what we have done in the past?”
John looked up, his face relaxing a fraction.
After a long shower that resulted in mind-blowing blow jobs, Sherlock and John made their way to Reagents Park, a family of mice in hand.
Sherlock was caught off guard and it was evident on his face, which told John to elaborate.
“I’m fine.”
“Well, I want to catch it alive Sherlock, okay?”
“It matters to me!” John snapped.
John nearly melted when he looked into Sherlock’s eyes. He huffed again. “Okay...be quiet though.” He pulled back to easily pull down his jeans and pants enough to free his cock. It took some maneuvering, but John was able to get his cock in contact with Sherlock, the two men gasping as John increased the friction.
funny.”
John was panting hard now, with only a few words forming on his lips.
“Er, under the bed I believe.”
Sherlock looked up. “I thought it was fairly obvious.” He said, his lips pink and swollen. He bent forward, nipping and kissing underneath John’s chin as he moved his hands to the buttons of John’s cardigan.
Sherlock ravaged John’s lips, which caused John to go limp, enjoying this rough side of Sherlock as he was turned away from the water spray and up against the wall.
“Who?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock bypassed him, and walked into the room, glancing around before looking over at the large window that lead to a view of London. He looked around and then walked back into the room, bypassing the body and blood.
“Well…this is it…pretty much.” Sherlock said, nervousness underlining his tone. It’s a bit messy-“
The elevator binged, but it took the two men a bit longer to notice.
* * *
“Oh fuck, Sherlock…” John whimpered, moving a hand to grasp Sherlock’s damp curls, tugging them slightly. Sherlock moaned against John’s neck, thrusting harder into John. He moved a hand down to John’s cock, and stroked it firmly in time with his thrusts and soon John was breathing loudly.
Sherlock blushed, looking down.
“You don’t have to be sorry John, just promise me one thing, please. Promise me you won’t leave me.
“I’m fine.” He snapped, keeping his eyes shut.
“That still doesn’t answer my question Sherlock.” He said as he placed the carton of milk into the fridge.
“Yeah, of course.” John said reassuringly.
When he pulled away, John smiled softly at Sherlock before kissing his forehead as he began to uncuff Sherlock’s wrists, massaging his arms as he gently lowered them.
They entangled themselves on the sofa, and after a few minutes, both were so hard it was getting frustrating.
Once Sherlock was fully seated, he began to rock his hips, causing John to gasp loudly.
John moved from Sherlock’s neck to his spine, making his way down to Sherlock’s arse, nipping slightly at each cheek of his arse. Sherlock let out a surprised moan as John turned him around suddenly, swallowing down his cock.
The two men stood there, their lives now completely changed and for the better. And as John kept his head up, Sherlock bit his lip before leaning down slightly. John got the hint, stood on his toes and his smile grew wider as Sherlock placed his lips onto his. The kiss was light, but so full of love and promise, both men may have let a few tears escape this time.
Sherlock woke up to a rather unfortunate feeling. Blinking in the dark, his nose stinging, he looked at the sleeping figure next to him and it suddenly became apparent to him that John was having a nightmare. Swiftly, Sherlock turned the light on and began eyeing John. He was sweating slightly, turning his head to the side. His face was contorted as if he was in pain and with no warning, a hand shot up and the next thing Sherlock knew was that he was now on the on his back on the floor, the side of his head hurting. It was then he realised he was woken up from John’s smacking him in then nose.
“I love you,” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips. “So much.”
Sherlock smirked. “I know.” He responded. “And I love you.” He kissed John’s lips lightly before pulling apart far enough to allow John to put his jeans back up. He opened his mouth to say something when a loud bang interrupted him.
John suddenly giggled against Sherlock’s lips.
“I…I thought you were…” He looked away from John for a moment and then back at John, his face shifting, the panic disappearing. “Why-why were you sleeping?”
“So...you’re breaking into his home.”
“You okay?”
“Oh, Johhnn…ohh…”
John Watson was a man of many things. He was a soldier. A doctor. He was caring, kind, passionate about many things, stubborn in many ways and timid about his feelings. It probably was due to his childhood, or at least growing up as a teenager with his sister kicked out after their father found out she was gay. And that was another thing. John Watson was certainly not gay. He kept his sexuality hidden, deep, deep down. And it wasn’t because he was homophobic, no, of course not. He was only 13 when he realised he must be interested in boys and 14 when he saw and nearly fell over when he saw 15 year old Katie McNally. So he thought his interest in boys was just envy, since all the crushes he had on were on older, stronger, boys who always had a girl on their arm at the school dances. It wasn’t until a week before his 16th birthday, he startling fell for Peter Campbell, a new player on the school’s junior rugby team and thankfully, he shortly learned of the term ‘bisexual’ and was relieved to learn he was not abnormal for finding both girls and boys attractive.
After getting rid of the initial pain, John stood up slowly and turned around only to stop suddenly in his tracks to see Sherlock, staring at him in the most lustful way he ever seen the genius. He gulped, suddenly aware he was shirtless, his jeans riding quite low on his hips.
Once John had finished breakfast, Sherlock dragged him to join him in shower.
ERROR
* * *
the hotel, all complaining about indecent noises and an indecent sight from their sitting room window.” Lestrade explained to John.
John moaned as he continued to suck, feeling Sherlock was close as he himself rocked his erection into the mattress.
“You’re welcome. I admit I’m not very good with interacting with people but I felt I at least should see how you were doing.
“Sherlock, what the hell?” John demanded, growing irritated. “I want to go home, and get into
“Ah, John there you are.” Sherlock said.
“No, thank you, I’m fine….right here.” The man said, in a defensive tone.
Sherlock looked at John, surprise on his face. “You think so?”
“These two—they were having sex!” He huffed out, before collapsing down, catching his breath.
“Any luck?” John asked. It had been over two hours since they arrived at Emily Bass’s apartment and John was exhausted. He was hungry and felt a headache coming. But he didn’t want to let Sherlock down.
"This dog is mine. She followed me home. I took care of her. She is mine." Sherlock said in confidence.
“What do you need?”
“Mhm?”
John moaned beneath the bed covers.
“I…I’m pretty sure he does.” John said, blushing. He looked over at Sherlock, who briefly nodded.
Sherlock nodded, happy to be allowed to keep Marie and went over to his bedroom to get dress.
“Okay?” He asked, his voice cracking slightly.
Sherlock looked at him, looking smug. “And why on earth should we? He asked, a gleam of sarcasm in his voice.
“What did you get?” Sherlock exclaimed.
“Carl Kent’s place. His wife was found murdered in their backyard. Nothing was taken from the house, but the front door had been broken down. Seems like an attempted burglary gone wrong. But footsteps found around the body are practically identical to Kent’s.”
“John?”
Sherlock then quickly unbuckled John’s jeans, pulling them and his pants completely off.
* * *
The officers, surprised, remained speechless as Lestrade and Sherlock looked on, shocked.
“Mine was in the kitchen.” Sherlock retorted.
“We…” He started, trying to catch his breath. “We need lube…and…and condoms.”
“Lestrade!?” Sherlock shouted, angry running though his veins.
“I can read people. You are in a depressive state and were on your way to the park to do just that: kill yourself. You probably have a small bottle of something deadly on you. Or a knife. Or were you going to jump off the bridge? Well, it doesn’t matter now. After our little chat, you’re going to kill yourself and those who know you will assume it’s because of the obvious: You’re so clearly depressed with life the only surprise will be why you took so long.”
John moaned as their cocks came into contact, only to then groan at the loss of contact as Sherlock rearranged his position.
“Only about a month or so. A couple of months before we met at the school-”
“What is it?” John asked softly, removing his hand from Sherlock’s mouth.
“Sometimes. Not as frequent, but we did sort of experiment…but the sex after a nightmare is more…simple. It’s more focused on pleasuring each other than just experimentation.”
Sherlock stuttered, his cheeks blushing. “I—I’m happy with you too. But John, you don’t need to worry, these people are just idiots who desperately need my help.”
“Sherlock…” John said quietly, his voice still rough with sleep.
“You are acting cheerful.”
John had just begun to lather shampoo into Sherlock’s hair when there was a loud ring.
John huffed. “We shouldn’t....”
“Sherlock!” John yelled, laughter erupting from his throat.
“Where you've been?” John asked as he lazily kissed Sherlock's neck.
“Oil! What are two doing?!” The guard yelled. He began to fumble with his keys, which allowed John and Sherlock to shuffle with their clothes. When the guard entered, Sherlock was completely dressed, however John still had a few buttons of his shirt left when the guard grabbed him by the arm, dragging him away.
“…Do you want to tell me your name?”
“Oh, John.” Sherlock could only moan as he easily stuck two fingers into John.
John thought.
“Mhm?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You coming with me.” The man snapped. He dragged John away and shoved him into an empty cell next to theirs. The guard then locked the cell and left them.
“Yeah, that’s what I like about sex.”
John mumbled, his face relaxing slightly as his eyes blinked open.
“John.” Sherlock started as soon as they entered their flat.
The cabbie blinked and a small smile formed on his face. He then, without any warning, pulled the trigger, a small flame appearing. John let out a shaky breath he wasn’t aware he was holding. The cabbie laughed quietly.
them…”
“What, no” Sherlock said, as he tried to walk the other way.
John nodded in response and stared at Marie who was currently chewing on what looked like a dog toy.
“Have you ever gone sailing before, Sherlock?”
“You tell me.” John said, his voice not soft anymore, but confident which was striking to Sherlock. Sherlock looked into John’s eyes and saw a slight glint of amusement...and something else that Sherlock was not used to seeing. Without thinking of the possible consequences, Sherlock blurted out, with a slight smirk etched on his face,
Word after word escaped through Sherlock’s mouth and fingertips, each followed by a huff of annoyance. John simply giggled at the sight. Sherlock snapped his head at the giggling doctor. The look on his face, John deduced, was a mixture of embarrassment, anger, and impatience. John sighed, knowing when Sherlock found the answer
*  *   *
“No I don’t but Sherlock thinks so that’s why we’re here.”
As the detective and doctor stood in the elevator, laughter erupted, causing John to pin Sherlock to the wall.
“I don’t know Sherlock! I don’t know…” John snapped, shoving himself off of Sherlock and swiftly walking to the bathroom, slamming the door.
John walked down into the living room of 221B to find Sherlock sitting at the desk, his eyes fixed on not his, John’s, computer.
“Let me.” Sherlock said, swiftly unbuttoning John’s jeans and pulling them along with his pants completely off. John ended up naked from the waist down, his jeans and underpants thrown without a thought to the floor. Sherlock ran his hands along John’s naked skin, emitting goose bumps to form as he then grasped John’s arse, pulling him closer. He kissed John harshly, causing John to moan in pleasure.
John looked at him for a moment, before letting out a sigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll take the gun.”
“Sherlock!” He called again, excitement on the edge of his voice. He went to the kitchen and found it is the exact state he left it this morning; apart from the discarded microscope and broken slides scattered across the table, the floor, as well as something foul-looking sitting in a bowl left in the sink. His mood wasn’t distinguished however as he turned around and made his way to the sitting room to find Sherlock sprawled across the sofa, face turned towards the wall, still has a statue. “Sherlock-” John started again, only to be cut off by Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed, struggling to get comfortable.
“Why would I do that?”
camera in the corner. The red light is on.” He giggled again. “Sherlock your arse is on camera.”
He slowly stood up and out of the tub, grabbing the offered towel.
John cringed. “If I had known,” he began slowly. “I would’ve told you—”
Sherlock stopped what he was doing at the microscope and turned to John. John’s face turned from affection to worry as Sherlock looked afraid at what he was about to say.
“You’re on the edge of the balcony…” Sherlock said, annoyed that
“Oh, God yes.”
,” Sherlock snapped.
John sat up abruptly, his breathing ragged.
Sherlock nodded while staring at the ground, his cheeks almost as red as the panties, though that could’ve been from the hot shower.
“John,” Sherlock started. “I want to help, but I need you to tell me if I’m helping or not. Promise?”
“Why are you smiling?”
“Scared too” Sherlock repeated. “I-I’m not scared John” he said, scoffing at the idea that
could be scared.
“And does he ever climax when he initiates?”
“Sherlock,” John started again. “Is this a…kink you have? It wasn’t on the list.”
Sherlock moaned in response, his hands grasping John’s arse roughly. He pounded into the doctor, and soon both men were moaning loudly.
“I did to make you happy.”
John came home after a dull day at the surgery to find the consulting detective lying on the sofa, a small terrier lying on his chest. The sight was something he never dreamt of. Sherlock seemed to be fast asleep or at least very relaxed while the puppy slept soundly. The sight was so unexpected it wasn’t until a couple minutes did John notice the bulky white dressing wrapped around the puppy’s left hind leg. The idea that Sherlock Holmes took care of another breathing thing sparked something inside John and a new wave of affection and love blossomed for the detective.
Sherlock sucked at John’s neck, leaving a mark. He then shoved off John’s jacket, followed by his jumper before diving down, capturing his nipple.
“Clearly.” The man responded.
Sherlock remained silent for a moment, and then slowly relaxed. “No.”
* * *
“John…I need to feel you here, now, where we’re both cold and wet and-and seeing you…like this…I don’t know…I just—” Sherlock stuttered, his sentence cut off but John placing a finger over his lips.
enlighten me.”
“We do, John. We have a case.” He said over his shoulder, smiling.
It wasn’t until 20 minutes later did John realise the cabbie wasn’t taking him to the park. He knocked on the glass and spoke, his voice cracking.
do.” He sucked in a breath, which caused him to cough violently.
“Sherlock,” The therapist looked at him, “does John focus more on you, or himself during sex?”
She, well, she tries to kidnap the puppies for their fur.”
“I-…What?” Sherlock gaped at John who was looking at Sherlock in a way Sherlock’s never seen anyone look at him; an emotion etched on John’s face that was unknown to Sherlock.
Sherlock gasped at the sudden friction, only to wince when his hand landed on a stapler.
“What makes you think that?”
“Sherlock?” John asked softly.
“Was that Detective Inspector Lestrade?”
He pulled back to see Sherlock’s face go through a series of emotions. First he was smirking, then he was genuinely worried, and then a small smile formed on his face.
“What did you do?” He asked carefully.
John sat back in his chair, feeling even guiltier. “I betrayed you.”
“You have nothing to apologize for.” Sherlock said. “I...I never apologize but I think I should…I’m sorry for what I had said…I probably got you into trouble with the whole gun thing…didn’t I?
Sherlock didn’t respond, but made his way below deck. John, his worry bubbling, threw Greg and Molly an apologetic glance, and followed Sherlock.
John’s eyes widened brightly, his smile growing at Sherlock as he walked to the kitchen. He sat down the groceries gently, took off his jacket, turned the kettle on and then walked to his chair, sitting down in front of Sherlock.
“John Watson, was it? Aren’t you going to let me in?” He said.
John was dumbfounded. “I...Sherlock…” He paused, trying to put his words together carefully. “I don’t want to leave though.”
“It is, she adores her.”
“Where are we going?”
“Well, perfect, do you have the proper paperwork?”
“Oof, Sherlock what-”
“Oh—hello, uh I’m Detective Inspector Lestrade, this is my team,” Lestrade said, “And you are—?”
-----
“I…I know.” He replied, his voice shaking as a few tears leaked out of his eyes.
“Mhm…yes…” Sherlock said.
John gasped, shocked at the result this whole
a drug addict. His head was hurting, his stomach still empty, his body exhausted but his mind buzzing with energy. He couldn’t sit still, or divert his attention to anything, so he paced.
Sherlock lowered the panties slightly enough to see more of John’s cock, before licking a strip from base to tip.
“I’ll be honest, but I need you to be honest back.” John looked up and met Sherlock’s softening gaze. After a second, Sherlock nodded in agreement.
Sherlock didn’t respond but turned and went back to whatever the hell he was doing before. John continued on trying to find the mouse
Sherlock then began to laugh as well, resting his head against John. He then rolled his hips, his cock still in John, it now brushing John’s prostate.
“John…?”
John looked up startled by this. Sherlock was looking away from him, his right hand still on John’s jaw, the other on the bed, clutching the sheets.
“Are you sure?” Are you okay now? You did have a nightmare…”
“Better?” John said, patting Sherlock’s eyes with a dry towel.
clothes-“ His sentence was cut off by Sherlock’s lips crushing against his.
Sherlock hummed against his neck, before placing a soft kiss on his cheek.
Sherlock, although cold, was feeling John’s naked skin against his and couldn’t help but get slightly aroused from the contact. And to his embarrassment, John noticed.
“John.” He said calmly.
"Yes. And food. And I took her to the vet; none of her bones were broken but she did have a cut on her hind leg that the vet took care of.
“I want you to fuck me.” He whispered.
Sherlock was confused by answered, “Yes, I was…”
Sherlock was seen with Lestrade in the conference room, Lestrade sitting at the table worn out and Sherlock standing still, staring at the white board.
“There was a complaint. From THREE sources.” Lestrade barked, his discomfort growing. One from upstairs, one from this hall, and one from
Sherlock blushed slightly as he spoke quietly. "I need to take you home now. I need to
Once the paper work was done, Sherlock rushed John out of Scotland Yard.
“Of course. I’d love to…go further with you.” John said, smiling up at Sherlock, trying very hard not too blush.
“You okay?”
“And why didn’t you consult me?” Sherlock said, pouting.
“OH! You’re blushing,” Sherlock deduced, “which means it must be something not repeatable, something that should be said in private-“
“John, I…I’ve never…been in a relationship like this before…and I…I have come to realise that when I was with you for the past two months alone I was relaxed, comfortable, happy…but when I’m not with you I am rude, obnoxious and I found that you wouldn’t want to be with someone like me.”
“John!” He yelled, as he saw the boat begin to slow down and turn back, Molly at the wheel as Lestrade ran to the railing.
He gently wiped Sherlock’s eyes, brushing the shampoo out of his hair as well.
“Sherlock, hey, its okay, we don’t have to talk now, but just be a bit more open with me yeah?”
John let out a soft laugh as Sherlock spilled an excess amount onto his fingers before moving his hand down to John’s entrance.
Sherlock shook that thought from his mind as it reappeared. He shrugged off his coat and scarf and went into the kitchen to prepare.
“Yours should be fine,” he replied, smiling. Sherlock smiled back, relief evident on his face.
“Sherlock? I…I want to be with you. You have made me feel much happier, its just overwhelming.”
Sherlock didn’t know if there was a right way to handle this situation but he hoped that John would accept his attempt. Sherlock stood up and held out a hand for John, who had glanced up at the sudden movement. He saw the hand and cautiously took it, pulling himself up. Sherlock then pulled him into a hug. John was caught off guard at first but once he was pressed into Sherlock’s chest, the closeness and comfort brought back the tears and he clutched at Sherlock’s shoulders has he let it out. It didn’t take long and when Sherlock believed him to be done, he slowly loosened the hug and led John to the bathroom.
John began to stroke Sherlock’s cock with one hand, the other holding him tightly in place. Sherlock moaned against John’s shoulder, his hands clutching John’s uniform jacket.
Sherlock huffed, blinking his eyes open. “Coming.”
“Sherlock?” John asked softly. He said it. He finally told Sherlock he was in love with him and now the git was startling frozen, not moving, not even facing him. “Sherlock?” John said again, growing more and more anxious as seconds ticked by.
It turned out really easy. Borderline idiotic. The killer was an intern who had worked for Emily Bass and despised her. He and his girlfriend, Isabelle, wanted to ruin her. But when he had devised a plan to actually kill Ms. Bass, Isabelle threatened to tell the police, so he killed her by hitting her in the head. He then scratched her back with knives. Then he killed Ms. Bass. Really idiotic Sherlock had thought. The only unique aspect was the killer’s odd obsession with Disney songs.
John shook his head, and sat up with Sherlock straddling his lap.
“John.”
“Ah, Lestrade, what can I do for you?” Sherlock asked.
“Mhm?” John looked up from the sofa, setting the newspaper aside.
“Quiet.” John whispered, placing his hand over Sherlock’s mouth. He rocked against Sherlock, kissing his neck. He sucked hard, determined to leave a mark on his pale neck when Sherlock moaned against John’s hand.
John minutely flinched, startled.  “No, I—it would have been tempting, so I’m sorry. I’m sorry for embarrassing you—.”
John huffed in annoyance. “We don’t have to stop snogging you know.”
“I just want to make you come John.”
John looked at the cabbie and then at the gun and then did he realise he too had a gun. He gulped and carefully observed the cabbie and the way he held the gun. It was then rather clear to him that the cabbie’s gun wasn’t real. He knew a real gun when he saw one and he felt rather stupid for not noticing it first.
“But she didn’t kidnap any puppies!”
“What?” Sherlock eyes widened slightly.
“Leave it.” Sherlock breathed it. “Just unbutton it. I want to feel you and we have about 5 minutes until a guard comes around to check on us.”
“Yeah, thanks.” John replied with a small smile and made his way back to his bedsit.
“Sherlock.” John said again.
“I want to fuck you.”
Sherlock nodded, threading his fingers through John’s hair as John began speaking, unsure at first. He told Sherlock about his nightmares about the war. Soon the two were relaxed, John slowly falling asleep.
John emerged from the bathroom that night and ran straight into Sherlock.
Sherlock smiled at him, the moment broken by an awkward cough behind them. Looking around, John gasped as a rather large group of people were gathered along the balcony, many having not noticing the two previously shagging men, but a good handful had noticed, their cheeks red from holding in their laughter.
“Okay.” John said, and made his way out of Scotland Yard, and to a small café only a few blocks away.
“He’s with me.” Sherlock said before John could answer.
“Sherlock.” John greeted him, settling back. He heard a huff, followed by the sound of clothes being thrown around. The water surrounding him suddenly shifted, and he peeped open his eyes to see Sherlock not so gracefully entering the jacuzzi.
Sherlock finally found one. Within 10 minutes, the paperwork was dealt with and Sherlock began leading their new puppy out the door when John stopped him.
“Sherlock…” His voice shook and before Sherlock could react, John was on top of him, their lips crushed together. John’s left hand was treading itself through Sherlock’s hair as his right hand slide in between them, stroking Sherlock’s clothed cock.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but was confused and he looked at the bed. It took him longer than he would admit, but when he did notice the slight dampness in the sheets and the slight acidic smell did he realize what had happened and John must’ve realized when he figured it out for he placed his forehead onto his knees and let out a muffled sound-something between a whimper and a hiccup.
“I—I really am sorry Sherlock-”
Sherlock made his way to the side door of the house, and pulled out his lock picking tools.
“Overwhelming?”
“Ohh, Sherlock, I’m sorry.”
Finally, Sherlock moved and slowly sat up, facing John.
When the tea was made, Sherlock brought it over and the two sat together.
John then spun around without seeing Sherlock’s face contort into a look of shock and walked determining to the kitchen for the medical kit.
“I want to talk to you.”
“Thank god for the gum.” John muttered, before placing a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s cupid’s bow.
John began to suck a mark on Sherlock’s marble skin as he brought both of his hands to grasp Sherlock’s arse, emitting a gasp from the detective.
Sherlock groaned as his own cock was becoming eager.
She was smart, and beautiful. Her wounds look like they could come from a beast. It’s just like the recent case. I think the killer—”
“Yes, you are.” John said, smiling.
John and Sherlock headed across the docks to Greg and Molly, who were standing by a beautiful, 95-foot sailboat, apparently named
Sherlock smirked which only caused John to crash their lips together, nipping at Sherlock’s already swollen lips.
“It’s fine…er…did you want to sleep in…my bedroom...I…do have a spare bedroom upstairs if…”
John licked his lips again. “We cant...we really can’t...” He tried to say, stepping back slightly. “Oh fuck Sherlock...we...cant...we need to be quiet.” He said under his breath as he nearly sprinted to Sherlock, crashing them both onto the cot.
John giggled as he kissed Sherlock’s pout slightly.
“Mhm, not yet.” Sherlock said.
“Sh’lock?” John said, his voice rough from sleep.
“Sherlock-please.” Was all John could say.
John led Sherlock back up to the deck to find Lestrade and Molly in a…similar situation.
John blinked, completely not expecting that and although he believed it to be impressive, was rather pissed off at the mention of the gun and with a rush of anger, he punched the tall man sending him to the ground. Before two officers could swarm in to detain John, he grasped the man off the ground by the lapels of his coat and whispered, “Just because that was impressive does not mean I am not going to hurt you.” The tall man looked surprised at the word “impressive”, but before he could respond, John shoved the man back to the ground as officers swiftly lead him away.
Sherlock, having finished the song and upon hearing the kettle, placed his violin down and walked towards John. He placed his hand on John’s shoulder, squeezing it and in return, John turned, two cups of tea in his hands, with a gentle smile on his face.
“What’s that freak done now?!” One yelled.
John easily made his way down the stairs to the lobby of the rehab hospital, his bag in tow. Although he was feeling unease in the pit of his stomach, he knew it was just nerves. His mind then shifted from his nerves to Sherlock, who was standing near the front desk.
John swallowed as much as he could. He stroked Sherlock’s thighs as he gently pulled off. He was still rocking his hips into the mattress when Sherlock let out a breathy moan.
“The victim,” John started explaining once the song ended. “Her name was Isa
John grinned. “I did actually. Felt very…naughty. Where did you get them? I was surprised they fit so well.”
“Johnny!” Bill exclaimed, pulling John upwards into an enormous hug. A brunette stood politely behind him, her cheeks flushed, as she looked John and Sherlock up and down.
Sherlock, upset but trying hard not to show it, shook his head. He reached over gently and took John’s hand in his and squeezed lightly. To Sherlock’s relief, John squeezed back and kept his hand there.
* * *
“Would you ever join me?”
Lestrade watched the two men walk away as an officer walked next to him.
Sherlock awoke to the smell of John, and stale tea. He tried to get up but the puppy was still sitting on his chest staring up at him. Sherlock cocked his head to the side and the puppy slowing and oddly got up and stretched it’s non broken limbs and made its way off of Sherlock. Once on the ground, the puppy looked up at Sherlock who took a minute to realize that the puppy was probably thirsty again. Sherlock made his way to the kitchen to get the puppy water when his foot bumped something on the ground: a bowl filled with water. Sherlock smiled slightly, happy that John wasn’t like Mycroft and despised dogs and lead the puppy to the water. As the dog lapped up a mouthful, Sherlock heard John slowly make his was down the stairs.
“And do you think that is the best thing to do?”
“Sort of…yeah you did…I was required to take therapy twice a week…”
Sherlock blushed slightly as John kissed his cheek gently.
for that matter.” Sherlock snapped back.
Sherlock grasped at John’s hair as he sucked and licked. He sucked and licked and smiled at Sherlock’s cock, emitting moans of ecstasy from the detective.
“Sher…” John tried to speak, as his eyes wondered along Sherlock’s body. He noticed Sherlock’s hands were handcuffed to the bed frame. He was flushed pink, his eyes staring hungrily at John.
“Yes, I was there, and you were too. What were you doing there?”
“No need to apologize. You clearly were convinced that I had made everything up, that I didn’t mean what I told you when you…were on the ledge.” He said, glancing around the room and then taking a seat at the small table.
“John, please, I’d rather we continued on kissing rather than just to use words to explain what is obviously happening here.”
Sherlock moaned loudly against John’s neck, gripping his arse tightly as he too came, riding through the pleasure.
“Because I wanted to…?”
came closer.
----------------------------------------------
The two men quietly made their way through the dark house. Soon, Sherlock made a triumphal noise.
John hummed. “Well, maybe we should get some other things there…”
“Sorry.” John giggled as he captured Sherlock’s lips, sucking slightly at them.
He blushed, embarrassed to have forgotten there was an actual person here.
John made his way into the sitting room. Looking at himself in the mirror, he adjusted the collar of his uniform, it being quite a while since he’d worn it. He tugged at the navy coat, trying not to fidget as much, when Sherlock walked in. John looked at him, only to take a double take, his mouth going dry. Sherlock was dressed in a sleek, shiny black tux, his hair lying perfectly around his face. John felt all the blood in his brain go to his lower abdomen, his uniform trousers tightening slightly. Sherlock, having noticed, raised an eyebrow and smirked. John blushed at being caught and shook himself briefly before going up to his partner, placing a kiss on his cheek.
* * *
Sherlock remained silent, but sat back down next to John. He observed him, noticing his breathing was still fast, his hands and jaw clenching.
“Why are you on the floor?”
“Ah, good morning John!” Sherlock exclaimed, drying his hands as he walked forward, placing a kiss on John’s cheek.
John followed suit, and soon the two were dressed. John smiled up at Sherlock as he pulled his down for an adoring kiss.
John smiled and tilted his head. Sherlock took the hint and leaned forward, placing his lips on John’s, hard enough to emit his promise. That whatever happens he’ll be there for John, as he is for him.
At the bedsit, John sat on his bed, a gun in his left hand and an almost empty bottle of whiskey in his right. The hand with the gun shook slightly, the tremor going through his whole left side. He took another gulp of the burning liquid. After ten minutes, John got up slowly and then placed the gun back in its drawer, and threw the now empty bottle away.
The two men barely made it to their home.
“Sherlock, you might get sick again being below deck.”
“The man you punched for us all.”
John kept glaring at Sherlock for another 5 minutes before Sherlock huffed in frustration.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John focus. What did you buy?”
“The nightmares.”
“You guys alright?”
“Mhm?” John licked his lips, his pupils growing with lust.
John was honestly surprised that Sherlock answered right away. He expected him to be more closed off; to be snappy and hostile.
“He does. It’s strong; he was working in his study with a student. Going over a past exam.”
“Oh, John!” Sherlock’s eyes widened. “Oh, I’m close John! John!”
“When did I …”
John followed Lestrade out, to see Sherlock slowly walking out of his cell.
“Oof, sorry.” he said, looking up.
“Oi, we’re here!” Lestrade yelled from the front of the squad car. Startled, Sherlock and John broke apart, their faces red.
“You need to be quiet Sherlock.” He ordered.
“Er…sirs, I was asked to escort you both out of the building.” The man said awkwardly, having been told about the two men being publicly indecent together much earlier but did not have the courage to interrupt.
Sherlock’s face grimaced slightly. “Me.”
John looked back up at Sherlock, confusion growing on his face. God, he was so easy to read.
am just astounded that I missed this. There’s always something.”
Sherlock stared at John for a moment before bouncing off the couch.
“You like adrenaline, evident in the last case. If I just took cases from clients then you’d be at the flat while I sulked and then neither of us would be happy—”
Sherlock paused for a second as he grabbed the blindfold, and tied it on.
They stood in silence facing each other, John’s eyes focusing on the floor, though he could feel the knife of Sherlock’s stare on him. He waited, waited for Sherlock to speak because god knew he wasn’t going to, not first.
“Are you alright Sherlock?” His voice cracking against his wishes.
“John…” Sherlock started, his voice cracking.
“Don’t you want to shower now?” Sherlock said, amused.
“So, the killer thinks that the victim is like Cruella DeVil.” John said.
“Choose.”
At that last word, it was clear Sherlock had found it. John walked back to the kitchen, ready for the embarrassment that would come along with the awkwardness is will put between him and his flatmate.
“John?” Sherlock voice whispered thought the wall.
Sherlock simply nodded not wanting to talk about Redbeard. John, bless him, noticed the change in Sherlock’s face and didn’t press further.
“I prepared myself before we left.” He whispered as Sherlock spread lube on his own cock.
“John! Wake up!” Sherlock shouted from the sitting room.
Sherlock pulled back, shifted slightly and then lifted John slightly higher.
Sherlock, his eyes closed, in the position John had been before, shook his head; his damp curls still stuck to his forehead. “No.” He whispered.
“Sherlock?” john said. There was a pause, and then Sherlock’s deep laughed entered the cell, causing John to laugh back. He laughed with Sherlock, lying down onto the cot.
“Okay, I’m pretty much still loose so sit up Sherlock.” He said. Sherlock sat up and the two men sat chest to chest, John’s knees bent as he sat in Sherlock’s lap.
John woke with a start; he had been sleeping relatively peacefully only for the loud bang of the door leading to the hallway to bring him to complete alertness. He got up quickly, grabbing his cane, holding it up over his shoulder as he easily made his way through the bathroom and out into the hallway. He peaked from the bathroom, not seeing anything for it was late evening, the sun having already gone down, and no lights were on. He heard whispering from the sitting room and made his way along the wall very quickly but quietly. He saw a shadowed figure peering at the kitchen table and knew he had to do something. With a burst of adrenaline, John stalked out of the shadows, bringing his cane down hard onto the intruder’s back. He then swung again, smacking the stranger in the face, emitting a choked sob from the man, as more voices appeared from the front of the flat.
John giggled.
“Oh, okay. Then I’ll meet you in the sitting room. 5 minutes.” John said, grabbing his towel and the lace underwear before going into their bedroom.
“Its for a case. I did tell you.”
“What Lestrade. What is it?”
John looked away, embarrassed from the events of last night, but nodded, quietly responding, “Fine…I feel fine…”
“That’s terrible. So, we’re going to…?”
“Mhm.” John wiggled his nose as Sherlock brushed it slightly.
“Sherlock, you are going to go sit in the bathroom while I get the medical kit and I am going to tend to those cuts. And then we will talk, is that clear?”
“Do you see anything Sherlock?” John asked, squirming underneath Sherlock. They were in a small boat, floating along the river in the park, spying on a suspect. It wasn’t a very important case, but it was enough to get Sherlock out of the flat, as it had been two weeks since their last case.
“Yes, I think it is.” Sherlock responded, a small smile forming.
“Oh, yeah, sorry, you’re busy, I can tell, lying on the sofa really calls for a lot of focus.” John responded sarcastically.
“Johnnn”
Sherlock smiled. “I love you too John.”
would be the one embarrassed, and probably regretful. He only changed the password to stop Sherlock from using his laptop. He didn’t believe that Sherlock would try so hard to get into a computer when there already was one, unlocked, sitting a few feet away.
“Hey! You do too!” John said back, a smile on his face as he followed Sherlock.
“Go to sleep John.”
John locked eyes with Sherlock’s and noticed that his were glistening.
John sighed as he tried to wrap his river-soaked clothes closer to him to keep any of the brisk morning air from seeping in. He glanced at Sherlock quickly, seeing the detective’s cheeks flushed, the rest of his visible skin very pale and slightly gleaming, his curls dripping with water as he tried to resist the temptation to huddle over. John took pride in this; for once the detective can deal with this mistake, having miscalculated the suspect’s strength, which caused Sherlock and John both to be pushed into the river.
“Oh fuck,” John moaned against Sherlock’s lips as Sherlock moved his right hand to John’s thigh, hitching it up. Sherlock then grinded against John, rolling his hips.
“Have you continued to do sexual acts that you are not comfortable with but continue them to make Sherlock happy?”
“He was a dog, John. And I was a child. Nothing more John. I don’t…I don’t want to talk about his anymore John.”
Sherlock and John walked swiftly into the parking lot of Scotland Yard, where the police cruisers were parked.
“The suspect was arrested.” Sherlock pouted.
“Sherlock-”
“If you want me too.” John replied, smiling at Sherlock.
“Oh fuck...” He whispered.
“Why do you have that in your coat?” John said, craning his head up slightly.
The rudeness was not what John expected from professionals, and the cold expression on Sherlock’s face was beginning to upset him. He knew Sherlock could be blunt and cold to others, but its not as if these people were nice to him to begin with.
“Just after I graduated university, before I signed up for the army.” He whispered.
The detective and the doctor sat in shock as Lestrade drove them to the station.
Sherlock enthusiastically complied, and soon, the two were in bed wrapped up together.
Lestrade looked on, and merely replied. “They just…belong with each other.”
John spent the rest of the day doing his normal routine; tea, groceries, lunch, tea, newspaper.”
"Yes, Sherlock...fuck..." John moaned against Sherlock's lips as Sherlock rocked against him. "Yes, love...oh you feel so good." John gasped as Sherlock bit his shoulder. He licked the mark before sucking John's skin, determined to leave a mark. "Oh love...oh...Sherlock" John whispered. He nipped as Sherlock's throat, moving a hand in between them.
“Oh don’t give me that look Sherlock, I am
“Not yet.” Sherlock whispered harshly, craning his neck to see, but at the same time remaining somewhat hidden.
“Do you think Sherlock enjoys the sex after a nightmare?”
“Oh, don’t you worry sir, I’m taking you to exactly where you need to be.” The cabbie replied, pulling up in front of what appeared to be a school. John’s defenses went up, but he didn’t know what to do as the cabbie swiftly got out and opened John’s door, aiming a gun at him. “Come along now.” The cabbie ordered.
John was taking deep breaths, massaging Sherlock back as Sherlock loosened his grasp from John's shoulders.
John looked into his eyes as he spoke. “Rather nicely.” He licked his lips, watching Sherlock’s pupils grow bigger.
“You thought what I did was impressive.” Sherlock stated, in shock and annoyed slightly at himself for not remembering that
“Alright, Lestrade, I get it. Can we go-o?” The bite in the snap lost due to the sudden stutter in Sherlock’s voice as he became more aware of how cold he was.
“Impatient much?” John looked up at Sherlock.
John blinked, and after about a minute for the room to gain clarity, he made his way to the bathroom.
As John rested against Sherlock, Sherlock said quietly, “Mycroft’s men stopped by with the rest of your belongings. We could…I mean I could help you unpack tomorrow if you want?”
John was seated in the armchair with a cup of tea when Sherlock walked in, dressed in his usual clothing. He was pulling on his coat when he turned to John.
“Its two words.” Was all John could say. He accepted the fact that Sherlock will find out, and with this John’s started blushing extremely. And of course Sherlock noticed.
“Oh!” John exclaimed, his now naked cock pressed against Sherlock’s abdomen.
are angry and exhausted and then you do it all over again 6 months later.”
Sherlock nipped at John’s lips in return, and then moved his lips along his jaw, down his neck and stopped at his shoulder. He began licking and sucking while he moved his hands along John’s backside. He was already loving John’s naked body and wanted to see him more. After a clear love bite, Sherlock pulled back, and looked into John’s eyes.
* * *
“You. Inside of me.”
Sherlock’s eyes ran over John’s features and then he felt something hard pushing into his stomach. He looked down and then back at John who was still keeping his gaze away from Sherlock.
John smiled, taking a swift drink of tea before grabbing the small bag from his pocket and following Sherlock.
“Um…I would love to Sherlock…but I don’t think that’s a good idea…my therapist said to start easy…she didn’t think that me moving in was a good idea but my progress was good and so…I think I should start slow with the newness of all this…” John answered quietly.
“You look stunning.” He whispered against Sherlock’s cheek.
“No, wait, Sherlock!” Lestrade yelled after them.
“Enough Sherlock. You and John will just be locked up for the rest of the night, and there will be a fine as well. Nothing to worry about.” Lestrade said, basking in this accomplishment. “Maybe this will teach you to not be having sex outside your flat.”
“A new friend?”
“Well….maybe you just need a friend.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, never actually looking at John while he staggered back to his feet.
“And,” John continued, “You can still go one cases. I don’t want to hold you back. That one time I just…couldn’t be alone. But you could go on cases.”
Sherlock attempted to glare at him. “This is re-really n-not the time, John.”
“That was amazing.” He said, smiling as Sherlock’s grumpy expression relaxed. “How did you know?” John asked.
irritated him. At least not to the point of ignoring said flatmate as he listen to Lestrade yell at Sherlock for being “stupid” and “running off to fuck-knows where”.
John was currently sitting in the comfort of their hotel’s jacuzzi tub, the steam relaxing his sore legs. They just finished up a case after four days with barely any rest and food and John was finally able to relax. Sherlock was…somewhere John wasn't sure, the heat fogging his brain.
After he was dressed, John made his way to the kitchen. Sherlock was still standing in front of the windows, softly playing his violin. John smiled at the peacefulness as he made his tea.
that Sherlock was –
John giggled. “Sherlock, we should go before anyone sees you with your arse on display and my pants around my ankles.”
“I still need to unpack…um…”
“This isn’t funny.” The security guard snapped. “The police are on their way.”
“Mhm. Yes.” Sherlock said, kissing John on the lips before springing out of the shower. “Come on John!”
you.” He spoke in John’s ear.
“Mhm…great…uh…the bedroom is just through there,” He said, pointing down the small hallway to the left of the kitchen. “And the bathroom attaches to it. I’ll have my brother move your belongings from your old flat here tomorrow morning.”
John woke up the next morning, with a terrible headache and a painfully empty stomach. He sluggishly made his way to the bathroom to find himself staring back at him through the mirror and the sight was not what he had expected. The man in the mirror was unpleasant-looking, with dark circles under his eyes, his skin paler than it’s ever been, and his cheekbones and chin were jutting dangerously out. His depression, anxiety, and nightmares were etched across his face. Before realization dawned on him, his stomach cramped and whatever was left in his stomach made its way up causing John to be sick into the sink. After a few dry heaves, John rinsed out his mouth and without a second glance at the mirror, he limped his way back to bed.
He tossed his duffel bag near the door, hung up his coat, wiggled out of his shoes, and proceeded to the kitchen to get some tea made. Sherlock only made the slightest movement, simply by turning around to view the sitting room and glared at John for having been gone that past three days.
“Oi!” Lestrade shouted outside. “Get out of the fucking car you two! I know what you’re doing!”
John didn’t respond, but sat on the edge of the bed, his hands clasped together tightly, his eyes still on the floor, his jaw clenching.
Lestrade signed and nodded, waving them away. Sherlock didn’t waste any more time; he grabbed John by the arm and lead him to one of the parked police cars.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, though John was looking down, placing soft kisses along his neck.
“…How did you know that I timed it?”
“Ready?” He asked, his voice wavering slightly.
John burst through Scotland Yard, out of breath and his cheeks flushed.
Sherlock interrupted John but crushing their lips together. John immediately relaxed into Sherlock’s hold and he snogged back relentlessly. Their lips moved beautifully, sucking and nipping at each other.
Epilogue (Sex)
“Oh.”
“I…yes…I do, I really do…” John responded, the tension suddenly disappearing. “I have to admit I was…uh afraid…that you didn’t want…to…”
“You…are mine….” John said, his voice wavering slightly as Sherlock licked his neck before nipping slightly.
John sighed loudly. “Okay, then…but I don’t remember writing ‘have sex in a warehouse’ on our list.” John said.
Soon, John was aching, and he stopped stroking. “We need lube.” John whispered, as his arousal increased from Sherlock’s panting.
John made his way into the bedroom but when he got into the bed, Sherlock remained by the door.
“Lestrade!” The woman called instead of replying. Soon after her shout, a familiar man appeared behind her.
“Yes, oh jesus, Sherlock, oh fuck”
Sherlock relaxed in his seat and remained silent, his face concentrating in thought.
John let a small grin form over his face. “No, we can still share a bed. If you want,” he replied gently.
Sherlock didn’t need any more asking. He tore off his shirt and bottoms, reveling his erect cock, glistening with pre-cum and sweat. He slicked himself with lube, and pulled John up forward, so he was sitting up  at the edge of the table. He lined himself up, and slowly made his way into John.
“Mhm, yeah.” John whispered back, blushing deeply. He kissed roughly back, nipping and sucking at Sherlock’s reddened lips.
“You have shampoo in your eyes don’t you?”
John didn’t know why he was reacting this way, but his face grew hot as he eyed Sherlock who no longer looked annoyed.
“I’m yours.” Sherlock responded. John rolled his hips, feeling his orgasm coming soon.
John didn’t think twice about what he did next. He walked swiftly up to the officers. “Oi!” he said. “Don’t call him that!”
Sherlock moved his other hand from John’s hips to his mouth, clamping him shut.
“I just don’t understand why you put up with them.” Sherlock spat out, falling back down onto the sofa. “It’s just so idiotic of you. How can you just let them pester you and pester you until you are exhausted and then when you come home we
“Are-are you sure this place is abandoned?” John asked, his forehead gleaming slightly,
One day later
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock finally looked at John, and responded, “You’re serious?”
“I don’t want your brother to take care of it.”
“Come along John.”
John flushed slightly and muttered, “It's stupid.”
“Sherlock-“
“Sherlock…” John said, warningly, wincing slightly as the paramedic clean his head wound.
All he could hear were the sounds of the keys. And then the slightest sound of ---
“Here, let me,” he said. He shucked of Sherlock coat, followed by his suit jacket.
Lestrade looked at John oddly, but whatever he was going to say was interrupted by the slamming of the door, footsteps pounding the stairs as a disgruntled Sherlock entered the flat.
“What—what did the police do?”
“Sherlock, how many times—” he began to yell, only to have his voice completely falter. His eyes widened at the sight of Sherlock lying on their bed, naked, his erect cock flushed and leaking on his stomach. He was looking up at John, straining his neck.
John’s hips bucked forward, a muffled moan escaping from his throat. There was a loud knock on the door and some shouting but John couldn’t do anything as Sherlock began to suck the leaking head of his cock.
Sherlock blushed as John rocked his hips against Sherlock’s, his nearly full hard cock brushing John’s. He nodded, and John smiled widely this time, his eyes gleaming with…relief? Sherlock wasn’t sure but any thoughts he would’ve had disappeared as John’s kissed Sherlock’s lips very quickly before sliding down, kissing down Sherlock’s torso.
John didn’t even want to know why Sherlock kept lube there.
John paced back and forth in the sitting room, clenching his fist as he tried to think of what to do. Sherlock had been taken by Lestrade, under arrest for possession of an illegal drug-cocaine they suspected- and John had no idea,
Sherlock didn’t look up from the floor, but quietly responded, “2 years. I was only 8 when he….when he died.”
They sailed for about fifteen minutes, the sun reaching high and Sherlock had shucked off his windbreaker, complaining about the heat.
“The professor?”
“I can’t…can’t believe we just did that.” John breathed out.
“God, I love you…” John whispered.
Sherlock looked at John, who, despite his eyes being raw and still wet, and his nose runny, and frankly looking like a mess, was smiling.
“John…I…I don’t know what to do.”
The next time John awoke, it was due to the lack of warmth. He opened his eyes to find the back of the sofa in his view. He glanced over his shoulder to find Sherlock sitting in his chair, slightly plucking at his violin. John then turned over and stretched, his back unhappy with the night spent on the sofa. Sherlock snapped out of his mind palace to see John awake and he caught eye contact with John, who could see that Sherlock’s eyes no longer were red. John stood up and walked over to his chair and sat down, ready for Sherlock to open up.
Sherlock moaned at the touch and resumed kissing John, his lips growing red and swollen. Their kisses turned enthusiastic quickly, and soon enough John had dropped his towel and moaned at the feel of Sherlock’s hands clutching his naked arse.
“Go away John. I don’t want to talk about my feelings.” The last word said in such a disgusted tone, John cringed.
“Sherlock, how long did you have Redbeard?”
But after the heartbreaking relationship John developed with his commanding officer, Major James Sholto, John tried to just date women and hoped he could find a wife who would tolerate his nightmares and his limp but that never happened. And after returning home one last time after being shot and seeing the demons of war, he slowly fell into depression until that a particular day in late January.
“Sherlock?” He said quietly. The DI glanced at him as Sherlock continued on ranting about some bad photographs being taken at a crime scene.
I am currently writing a much longer fic that takes place after reichenbach (not to do with this story at all) and will begin publishing that soon, so subscribe if you want to be notified : )
But being cold never
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows in disbelief. “Why should it? We barely know each other!”
“Of course I’m okay John, lets go.”
Everyone turned to where the sound came from, seeing a member of forensics walk out, camera around his neck, and a gloved hand holding a small bag of white powder.
“Of course it was.” John replied. “It was quite extraordinary.” He smiled at Sherlock, who laughed in return, and gently pressed a kiss to John’s kiss-bitten lips, silently promising for more.
“You have to be quiet.” He ordered.
Opening it, there stood Lestrade looking uncomfortable.
“Oi! Sherlock, hello.” Lestrade said.
“We don’t have to talk about our feelings,” John added. “But I think it’ll help if we state what we like, and what we don’t; what we’re comfortable with and what we’re not, whenever the situation asks for it. I think—I hope, that after a couple of weeks we’ll know our way around each other and…could start with that.”
“John, its alright-oof” Sherlock started, falling onto the bed, with John clutching him in a tight hug.
“How long did you deal?”
That was all it took for John to come right there, pleasure soaring through him.
“That’s okay. You can just join me…when you’re tired.” John said, understanding written all over his face. “So…I’ll see you tomorrow morning then?”
“Have you felt this way before?”
John didn’t answer.
John grew embarrassed and looked at Sherlock who was smiling and smirking at the same time. John huffed a breath, laughing a bit as he and Sherlock followed the security guard out of the party.
The two kissed lazily, their lust increasing quickly. Sherlock moaned against John’s lips as John moved his hands to Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock took a sip of gingerale, but instead of keeping his eyes on the horizon he merely glared at John.
“Sherlock?” John sighed as he was pushed surprisingly gently into the car. Sherlock followed in afterward, slamming the door behind him.
“Something’s wrong.” He stated.
The “case” Lestrade had called them about wasn’t at all as interesting as thought to be, but more of a serious lack of intellectual people working for Scotland Yard.
John followed, adrenaline and uncertainty flowing through him.
“Yes, oh god, yes.” John whispered, reaching for the lube that was strategically placed on the nightstand. He fumbled slightly, but was finally able to get enough lube on his cock and on his fingers.
John moaned as quietly as he could, biting down on the palm of his hand as Sherlock began to bob his head, taking in more of John’s cock.
“Inform him of course.”
John made his way through the park. He just had a conversation with his old pal Mike Stamford and he was currently in a rather depressing mood. Seeing Mike brought up many memories of being a med student and having the ability to use those skills. Now, he was a 32-year old crippled man who was jobless and alone. John continued his way back to his crappy bedsit, dangerous thoughts growing in his mind.
“Wait, John!” Sherlock said, wrapping one of the blindfolds across John’s eyes.
* * *
“Its for a case.”
John moaned in response, his breathing growing more ragged.
John trudged his way up the seventeen steps and entered the flat. He was hoping Sherlock had a case, for the detective had been on edge for the past two days.
“Well, thanks Sherlock.” He said smiling as he began to eat.
Two Months later
Sherlock nodded, his pupils dilating more. John removed his hand from Sherlock’s mouth to his trousers. He began unzipping Sherlock’s trousers as he placed his lips back on Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard. Sherlock withered beneath him, legs trembling slightly. John shucked Sherlock’s trousers and pants down far enough to reveal his aching cock and plump arse. He grasped Sherlock’s arse, slapping it slightly, which caused Sherlock to gasp loudly. John pulled back, covering Sherlock’s mouth again with his hand.
"I’m perfectly capable of caring for a dog John. I’ve had one before."
“Mhm, looking forward to it.” He mumbled as John snuggled closer.
Sherlock looked at him, startled.
“Will this help?”
“Hello.” Sherlock responded, eyes roaming across John’s features, taking everything in. Though they had just seen each other last Saturday, Sherlock could now see even more on how John’s improved within the last two months. He still looked tired, but the gleam in his eyes was alive and never fading, the laugh lines around his eyes and mouth ever so noticeable. Sherlock was brought out of his mind from the feeling of John’s hand pressed in his and he looked down at their conjoined hands and then back up at John.
John didn’t mind the cold. Sure, it could be irritating when his flatmate/partner forgets to tell him about the heating bill, and he’s stuck for two days with no heat and he has to sleep in three layers of clothing.
John scoffed. “Of course not, I…” His face suddenly contoured into a look of worry. “I…”
“Er, are you sure?”
John hummed, his cock growing interest as Sherlock slightly rocked his hips.
John moaned in pleasure bucking his hips up for more pressure. Sherlock broke apart the kiss to pull his trousers down enough to reveal his aching cock. John worked miraculously quickly at undoing the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt to reveal a pale chest covered in goose bumps. John began sucking at Sherlock’s collarbone, moving a hand down Sherlock’s chest, skimming over a nipple, which caused Sherlock to gasp and buck his hips, his free cock coming into contact with John’s. The two men gasped in pleasure. John continued to move his hand down to Sherlock’s arse as he spread his legs as wide as he could with his trousers and pants down at his ankles.
He then slowly entered Sherlock, biting his lip hard to prevent any noises from escaping.
“Sherlock.” John whispered, following him swiftly. The street was practically empty, a few homes dark and others with a light or two on.
“John…you should know…I don’t sleep….regularly. I only need a couple hours, four maybe five at the most so…-“
“Mhm…oh, I…don’t know…exactly.” Sherlock muttered, trying to make his way out of the bedroom, only tripping over some of the shredded blankets.
“John—John Watson. I live with Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock didn’t respond right away, but merely glared at John before deducing he wasn’t going to be able to get away from John until they talked. He rolled his eyes and without looking directly at John, he responded,
“Why are you shushing me? I thought this place was
John scoffed. “Shouldn’t you be jumping off the walls?” He said teasingly.
“Why did you do that?”
“Why are you panicking?”
Sherlock nodded, relief evident on his face.
“Oh, she’s with Sally, she’s very distraught Sherlock—”
“Murder, the victim was a public figure or something. Come on John. The game is on!” Sherlock responded, bouncing down the stairs.
“Hey Greg, do you, by chance, have any gingerale?” Greg looked at John confused, then at Sherlock, who was clutching the railing rather hard. At the sight, his eyebrows rose, and he responded,
Sherlock Holmes always thought that he couldn’t get attached. Not after Redbeard. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t appreciate the beauty and loyalty that was always found in a dog. And then one day he found a little terrier following him from Bart’s. He assumed it was a hungry stray and started to head to the local pet store. But it wasn’t until he noticed the limp and tattered fur did he gently pick up the dog and carry it home.
He brought John to orgasm quickly, the doctor nearly going limp against Sherlock. The two stood under the warm water for a good five minutes before John stood back slightly, whispering about getting the sunscreen washed off completely so he can truly taste Sherlock.
“Sher-Sherlock.” John tried to scold.
John hummed, rocking his hips slightly.
Without hesitation, Sherlock swallowed John’s cock, causing John to emit a loud shout, throwing his head back against the pillow.
“I…I initiate sex with Sherlock.”
Sherlock and John looked at each other before dissolving into giggles. Sherlock hastily buttoned his shirt and picked up his coat. “Come on John!” He said, pushing open the door quickly .
John's breathing grew ragged as Sherlock lowered himself onto John. The two men gasped as pleasure erupted through them. Once Sherlock was seated fully on John, he wasted no time. He rocked his hips, instantly feeling John's cock brush his prostate.
Sherlock nodded, capturing John’s lips chastely before going under the water spray.
“I would like to do more too John.”
“Forget what?”
"Yes John. Very observant."
John’s eyes widened, realizing he had said that out loud. Before he could come up with something to divert Sherlock’s attention, Sherlock leaned forward, capturing John’s lips.
“Look,
“Yes.”
“But, although the student can count for Kent’s alibi, its flawed. He was having an affair with Kent. Kent wanted a divorce, but his wife wanted to work things out. So he killed her, made it look like a burglary gone wrong, told the student to lie for him. Promised him a passing grade.”
“Oh like that’s going to stop us.” Sherlock said lightly, grabbing John’s hand and sprinting through the guard, knocking him down.
“We have to be quiet John.” Sherlock said as he slid inside.
“You have no idea how much I have been wanting to hear you say that.” John said quietly, his voice cracking.
“Sherlock.” He said, his voice rough.
“John.” He said, his voice rough. “I would like you to wear this, while we’re out.” He handed John the black bag.
“We should pick out a name for him first.”
“You okay?”
John withered beneath him.
John smiled as he sat up, wrapping an arm loosely on Sherlock’s shoulders.
John and Sherlock made their way hand in hand through the crowd, Sherlock leading John by tugging him left and right, clearly in a hurry.
John climbed in and after Sherlock had given their address to the cabbie, he turned to him, smashing their lips together.
“Its alright. He’s not going anywhere.”
“John.” Sherlock said clearly, slightly nudging John.
“And, here, put more sunscreen on, or you’ll burn.” He said, handing him the bottle. He then leaned over, kissing Sherlock’s cheek.
“Its great-perfect, Sherlock really.” John replied, smiling at Sherlock, who blushed slightly.
“Mhmm?” John groaned quietly, rubbing his face. “Sh’lock?’ He turned to Sherlock, his face wet. “I…”
John sighed, growing frustrated as Sherlock’s body pressed into him.
John opened the door and clutched at Sherlock’s shirt, pushing him against the wall.
“Oh, Sherlock, I could never even imagine leaving you.” He said, pulling Sherlock into a tight hug. “I care for you and love you too much to ever even imagine life without you. But promise me something too, promise me you’ll be more open about what you’re thinking and feeling, okay? Not all of us can read minds.” Sherlock let out a breath of laughter at the joke and nodded.
“Sherlock. Please. Just let me in. It’s going to be all right. Marie will be fine. They obviously love her and care for her-”
John waited, giving Sherlock the right to speak first.
“John. Its alright.”
John laughed softly. “Come on,
“Alright, Sherlock, look at me. Sherlock.” John waited until Sherlock looked up and then he continued. “Was it the “dying part” that upset you or was it something else?”
John rested his cheek against Sherlock pink chest. “Sherlock…” He started, titling his head up. Sherlock's eyes were closed, and after a second John realized he was fast asleep. Smiling, John turned slightly to turn the light off before resting back against Sherlock's chest, sleep enveloping him quickly.
John entered the flat, two bags of groceries in his hand. He looked around the flat to find it in the same state as he left it. Sighing, he entered the kitchen, only to run into Sherlock.
Once there, the two were seated in the waiting room and soon they were in the office of John’s therapist.
Before Sherlock could show John, a blurry of movement happened, and time seemed to have slowed down.
After breakfast John sat down at the table between the windows with Sherlock on the other side, determined to keep his focus away from John who had ordered them to talk about Marie. It was Sherlock who suggested John have breakfast first before and thank god that worked. But now they were sitting across from each, the silence stretching on until John, annoyed but worried more, broke it.
“A store…that sells lingerie for men.”
Silence followed, but it wasn’t as awkward as it should’ve been. At least for John. He was comfortable for once in a very long time but Sherlock felt tension and he didn’t understand why.
“John?” Sherlock said in a worried tone. John took a deep breath and looked away has he wiped his eyes. When he looked back up at Sherlock, his lips were quirking up into a smile, and Sherlock let out a breath, relieved.
It took a couple seconds longer for Sherlock to realise that John was in front of him, and had asked him a question.
” Sherlock started, only to be interrupted by a hiccup, causing him to blush slightly.
After what seemed like ages, Sherlock slowly backed away, leaving John out of breath and his lips swollen. John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock was eyeing him, and then he smiled. John smiled back, the tension he held in his shoulders sank away, and the two laughed.
The two men laid there, Sherlock’s arse now in full view. Sherlock looked at John, and when their eyes met, they both burst out laughing.
John breathed deeply before responding. “Well yes-yes…but why-why don’t we get back to the flat first…” He gasped slightly as Sherlock finished unbuttoning his cardigan and shirt, his cold hands dragging along his chest, sending shivers throughout his body. He could feel his cock become fully erect and knew Sherlock’s was too for the detective was breathing faster now, his fingers slightly scratching John’s back underneath his clothes.
“You. Your mouth on my cock.” Sherlock moaned out as John rocked his hips ever so slightly against Sherlock’s aching cock.
?-relationship and he hadn’t been with a man since university. He didn’t know Sherlock as well as he should, but the man was an enigma; somehow not only talking him down from a ledge but also actually taking an interest in him and no one’s done that in too long of a time. He took a deep breath, but any worries blooming in his mind are interrupted by a soft knock at the door.
* * *
After they rode out their orgasms, Sherlock remained on top of John, uncaring of the sticky mess between them. He rested his head right below John’s chin and listened as John’s heartbeat began to slow back to normal. John was stroking through Sherlock’s hair and was humming in pleasure when there was a sound from downstairs.
“John. I enjoy working cases.” Sherlock responded. “Lestrade is the only detective inspector who can stand me. I like the puzzle and waiting for clients isn’t ideal. For Mrs. Hudson, the flat, and now for you.”
“Okay, so—“
“John.” Sherlock said, more clearly, standing up, placing a hand onto John’s shoulder. “John, you need to wake up.” He spoke, ready for another hit but relaxed slightly when he noticed John’s breathing was slowing down, his body relaxing.
John eyed Sherlock, his red cheeks, and his eyes glistening with tears as he shook with amusement. When their eyes came into contact, John saw predatory lust fill Sherlock’s blue eyes. He licked his lips, desperately wanting to lunge forward onto Sherlock.
“Oh, god, John! I need more. Now.” He said, his hands gripping John’s shoulders.
“Here, wear this instead. We can store your coat below deck to prevent any damage.”
“Yes.” John said, his voice not shaking one bit as he moved a hand towards Sherlock’s clothed cock.
“Ok?” John was so close to Sherlock, their noses were brushing. Sherlock could feel John’s warm breath on his face, his lips tingling with the disappearing sensation of John. Realizing John had asked him if this was okay, he quickly nodded, his breathing quickening, as he blushed deeper.
John’s smile grew slightly at that reassurance, and shyly looked at Sherlock, who smiled back.
“John!” Sherlock said suddenly, surprised and upset.
“What the hell are you two doing here?” The man yelled again, his flashlight shining directly at them.
John giggled. “Don’t get any ideas.”
“John,” the therapist turned back to him. “Do you think you initiate sex to make Sherlock happy so he’ll stay with you?”
“Oh, John.”
“Turing.”
“Oof!” John said, laughing. He continued to nibble at Sherlock’s neck, moving closer to his lips.
Sherlock stood abruptly, and walked forward until he was directly in front of John. John’s breathing was faster, louder, his mouth tightly closed.
John, still feeling light from the orgasm, sat down on the cot.
John took the bag and peered inside. He gasped at the sight of bright red lace and looked back at Sherlock, who was looking away.
John spoke more loudly this time. “Sherlock…are you…are you seasick?”
And before John could express his worry, the boat lurched over some waves, causing John and Sherlock to ram into each other before falling, John underneath Sherlock.
As the white hot bliss faded, John looked up at Sherlock, a smile growing on his face.
“Jesus, John!” Lestrade exclaimed, having nearly fallen out of his chair.
“What the hell is going on?!” A woman’s voice appeared behind John, who swung around, stumbling backwards. He placed his hand on the wall, finding the light switch. After turning the lights on, John could make out the intruders. There were at least six of them, including the scrawny one lying on the kitchen floor clutching his bleeding nose. The woman was a slim woman of color, her cheeks flushed.
“Oh, I told them it was just my emergency stash, and I hadn’t used, and since I was found clean, my brother took care of it. Though I was banned from crime scenes.”
John accidently laughed at Lestrade’s shocked face, quickly trying to cover it up. Sherlock smirked at Lestrade.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance. “It’s rather simple Lestrade, even you lot couldn’t miss this. The victim was killed by a single blunt-force trauma to the head. The murder weapon is what remains of that bird over there. The apartment is luxurious, obvious—”
“It was the doorman. His ex is the victim. He has access to a key that can open any door in this hotel and the murder weapon is in the laundry mat in the basement. Thank you for wasting my time.” Sherlock said, his cheerfulness completely diminished.
Sherlock held back his response. He noticed the man was clearly agitated and so Sherlock held back his cold response and decided to say something safer.
“I was just worried, Sherlock. Seeing you broken up over Marie made me realise you don’t get attached easily and I wanted to be careful and take things slow. Obviously that didn’t happen but I’m not complaining, last night was….was just perfect Sherlock, and I would like to do that again…more often” He looked up at Sherlock who had blushed a rather deep color at the mention of last night and the idea of doing that more often.
“I…I just don’t want you to leave.”
“I see,” Sherlock answered. “Change of plans, John. We’re going to Scotland Yard."
“Sherlock…” John said, his tone oddly strained, his face somehow turning redder.
“You…” Sherlock cheeks reddened slightly at the memories. “You have been much more…sexual in the past few weeks.
“I had a dog…growing up.”
Silence took over a moment before John spoke.
“Now, Sherlock, I think we need to talk about Marie.”
Sherlock hummed against John’s hip as he pressed open-mouth kisses around John’s cock before swiftly sucking down.
would know who she was.
“You almost ready, Sherlock?” John asked, as he fiddled with his collar. He was invited to attend an event for previous and current members of Britain’s army. He felt he should go, but was quite surprised when Sherlock agreed to go as well.
Sherlock Holmes was a man of many things. He was obviously clever, and had known that since he was five. His parents knew that too, and although they seemed rather ordinary, they cared for Sherlock and allowed his to grow into the man he is today. He is a man of science, logic, reasoning, sentimental only deep, deep down, and although he’d rather deny it, he does love. He loves his parents. He loved his dog, Redbeard. He will most certainly deny that he loves his brother Mycroft. And of course he loves Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock Holmes was a man of many things and rarely kept anything a secret, having ousted all the secrets his cousins and aunts and uncles at a Christmas party when he was nine. He told his parents he was gay when he was thirteen, and they told him they
Sherlock held his grip on John, easing him through it, swallowing as well.
Lestrade was seething at Sherlock as Sherlock calmly explained what happened, ‘forgetting’ the part of them breaking in. John stood by, calmly watching the officers do their job.
John sighed. “I’m going to get some lunch, if that’s okay. Do you want anything?”
John sucked at Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock turned the taps to warm up the water. They were standing in their shower, aroused and still cold from their little swim in the Atlantic.
“You know what I want.”
As their laughter died down, John and Sherlock caught their breath and quickly fixed their clothing. Sherlock eyed John up and down and before John could do anything, Sherlock crashed their lips together. John smiled against his lips as they kissed, swirling their tongues together, nipping each other’s lips. When they broke apart, their clothing was back to being rumpled, soft laughter escaped their throats. John kissed Sherlock gently, his eyes twinkling.
* * *
Sherlock smiled, his eyes bright as he stepped back slightly to pull up his trousers.
“John.” She said, urging him calmly to answer.
* * *
“Because it makes me forget. I already said that.”
“You agreed to come to therapy to make Sherlock happy?”
John jumped slightly, and sat on the edge of the desk only to wince.
John smiled slightly more. “Because we’re idiots. We’ve only known each other for two months and yes they were very complicated months and we did spend almost every minute together in a rehab center and we do have this…well I ‘d like to think we have this connection, but we forgot to talk about it. You just asked me to move in with you when I said I was being discharged. We didn’t even talk about it or how it’ll affect me, the new change in…everything. We just did it. And I’m glad we did Sherlock. But I think we need to slow down….”
“I sat on the stapler.” John wiggled slightly, moving the stapler and other office supplies away.
John’s breathing was growing ragged, his cock growing as well. “Sherlock...” He whispered, trying not to sound as lustful as he was feeling.
“John…” Sherlock spoke quietly, watching John, who had turned over, curling up in a ball.
“Touch me Sherlock.”
and even though John thought he should pay attention to what Sherlock was going on about, the words he heard thrown at the detective were getting on his nerve.
He followed Sherlock to the elevators and once they were waiting for it, he looked at Sherlock.
“Well, clearly the therapy didn’t work,” Sherlock pointed out.
“We need—”
“I…I had punched you.”
After all that, John sat on the bed, his gun in his hand. He sat there, and after what must’ve been over 30 minutes, he let out a sob, throwing the gun aside and curling up, his body shaking as the tremors and the tears left his body. It wasn’t until his tears were all gone did he wipe his face and limped his way out of his bedsit, gun tucked in his waistband hidden by his jacket and on his way to Regents Park. He knew this was the thing he had to do. He didn’t feel alive and wanted it to end and believed doing it in a more peaceful setting would be better. And if he did it in the park, he would be found sooner than if he did it in his bedsit. The smell would probably cause alarm if he did it that way. John called a cab and entered it, giving the cabbie directions.
“Well, I don’t, so can
“John.” Sherlock said once inside the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.
“Oh that was ages ago, it hardly matters—.”
“Hang on, Sherlock…” John said quietly, viewing the words.
“Explain.” Sherlock snapped, his voice quivering with anger and betrayal.
The man let out a soft laugh. “No it didn’t...and I honestly can’t tell you why I’m here…I just feel so...alone.” The man finished, giving up on holding back his tears.
“What makes you say that?”
“Yes we’re…we’re fine. Everything’s…fine! We’re fine, Molly.” He said as Sherlock began biting his neck and sucking to soothe the bite.
“John.” Sherlock said slowly rolling his hips against John. At the sudden friction and surprising hardness John’s gaze snapped to Sherlock whose pupils were dilated, his breathing faster and heart rate increased. John let out a small gasp, his pupils dilating more.
Sherlock, confused slightly by John’s cheerful demeanor, narrowed his eyes back at John.
The victim was young, and very beautiful, and also very smart. She had just begun graduate school at 22 years old. John looked through family statements, finding nothing suggesting Isabella had any enemies. She was born in France, to a French father and an Italian mother. She was found by her friend, Garret, in the hallway with large lacerations on her back. She had been paralyzed, not killed until a single blow to the head, the only similarity to the recent case other than the words found written on her books in black paint. What could’ve caused such large, messy lacerations was unknown to John, who looked up at Sherlock, only to see the detective intently reading the case notes. John sighed, stretching his back, and pulled out the words that had been painted and tried to see if there was any similarity to the recent case.
“I thought you wanted to see me
John clearly could see Sherlock was stuck in his mind so he reached over and gently placed his hand on Sherlock cheek. The touch didn’t startle Sherlock, but to Sherlock’s surprise, he slightly leaned into the touch, his eyes fluttering down as a soft pink blush started creeping on his cheeks. The sentimentally of the situation oddly didn’t bother Sherlock, nor did it bother him when John slowly leaned in and placed a soft kiss upon Sherlock’s lips.
“I doubt we have.”
“But why aren’t you wearing a shirt?”
“Who?”
Sherlock nodded, and held John up slightly to align his cock with John’s entrance.
As the morning fog began to clear out,
The man, clearly surprised at the relaxed tone Sherlock was using, didn’t answer right away. He let out a shaky breath and when Sherlock thought he would answer, he didn’t.
“What is it?” He asked, alarmed by John’s face.
“What kind of person moves in with somebody they barely know?” Donavan said, sneering at John.
Sherlock, having removed his hand from John mouth, moved it around John, bringing him forward. “I’m close John.” He said. “Cum with me.”
“John..” Sherlock said again, at lost on what to do.
“Okay?” John asked softly.
“No John. Let me in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John giggled before kissing Sherlock's jaw chastely. “Prepared aren't we?”
“I need to talk to her.”
“Yeah.” John whispered, his voice growing rough.
Sherlock didn’t say anything right away, but spun John around, shoving him gently against the clear window.
“Wait, Sherlock.”
“Oh…right, yeah. Sorry-”
Check me out on tumblr : ) heavenlymindpalace.tumblr.com
“You think I would have used.” Sherlock interrupted, his gaze suddenly piercing with accusation.
“Do you like experimenting?”
“John.”
“Yes. Fine. There’s too much stuff on the desk.” Sherlock complained.
Sherlock spent the next 3 hours at the table in the kitchen working on an experiment that he was slowly losing interest in. After ruling this experiment tedious, Sherlock began cleaning things up silently.
Once home, John jumped the stairs, taking two at a time, and burst through the front door to find the living room empty. He rushed to the kitchen to find Sherlock’s experiments in disarray; broken beakers scattered the floor, unknown liquids across the table and chairs. John sprinted to Sherlock’s bedroom and gently but swiftly knocked on the door.
Sherlock was taken aback.  “Why on earth—why would you go to selling drugs? You’re a doctor—.”
“Sherlock…” He choked out. “Oh, fuck…Sherlock…” He whispered.
“John-” Sherlock tried to speak, but John was lying on top of him, their nakedness completely ignored, and he was clutching at him rather tightly.
“I…do you want to?”
“Were you ever going to tell me?” Sherlock asked, his voice suddenly low and calm.
“Yeah, I gave up when I
“Johnn..”
John stared at Sherlock. “Really?” He asked, bewildered.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “What the hell is an oompa loompa?”
“Because, you look unsure. As if you, the great Sherlock Holmes, are uncertain about something. But don’t worry about it, Sherlock. I’ll always be there for you.” John said confidently.
Sherlock hungrily kissed John, pressing his clothed erection against John’s, emitting a groan from the doctor. He quickly wiggled out of his water soaked coat, throwing it behind him before he moved a hand from John’s bare chest down to his thigh and then to his arse, squeezing it hard.
where I need to go!”  He shouted, the tall man stopped in his tracks. The man turned towards John who was leaning heavily on his cane. The man’s eyes swept down John as if examining him and without hesitance began yelling his observations rather quickly.
“Oh fuck yes.” John moaned against Sherlock mouth, allowing himself to be pushed back against the desk.
rooms. He pouted silently as he made his way from room 800 to 805, the next room on his list of checked out rooms. He knocked first, had learned that mistake of not knocking in room 609, and waited. There was no sound so he assumed the guest had gone down to an early breakfast. He unlocked the door and made his way in.
John hummed in response, and made his way to the kettle, pressing a soft kiss upon Sherlock’s head along the way.
Stretching, John reluctantly pulled away from Sherlock. He wanted to remain where he was, asleep, but his stomach was painfully empty, and his appetite seemed to be returning. He made his way out of the room, down the hallway, and into the kitchen. It was reasonably clean, but half of the table was cluttered with a microscope, some petri dishes, other scientific things and papers. He began making some tea and toast when he heard a rustle, and looked over his shoulder to see Sherlock enter the kitchen.
Soon John had reached Sherlock’s cock and began licking and sucking the head, causing Sherlock to emit rather loud moans. He quickly placed a hand over his mouth but John looked up and said, “I…I would like to hear you.”
“I’m-I’m sor-(hic)-ry Sh-Sherlock…”
“I don’t want to talk about it Sherlock…not again.”
John looked at it confused, then back at Sherlock. “Okay…?”
John laughed as Sherlock went limp, emitting a sigh.
Within 5 minutes later, Sherlock was rushing out, John behind him.
When Sherlock was fully inside him, he paused to let him get used to it all. “Okay?” Sherlock asked gently, his face resting on John’s shoulder, their chests pressed tightly together.
“Okay, fine, here.” He tossed Sherlock the little bag.
John whispered as he was tending Sherlock’s cuts. Sherlock sat in silence, with an occasional wince when John pressed too hard. He had over 10 small cuts all over his hands and arms, and 3 deeper cuts on his palms that needed a few stitches.
“Where did you get that Sherlock?” John asked seriously.
The two men’s panting enveloped the room as John relaxed against him.
“Sure.” John said. Sherlock went slowly as he pulled off John’s jacket, followed by his jumper and the button up underneath, leaving John in a white t-shirt.
John remained silent, his lips turning up into a smile. He looked away to conceal it but his efforts weren’t needed for the security guard came puffing behind them.
Sherlock stopped midway from getting up and slowing sat back down. John was glaring at him but he looked more worried than angry.
The two men gasped at the feeling of each other’s skin against their own and as Sherlock rutted against him, John arched his back, his head into the pillow as his arousal bloomed within him.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“Mhm, patience my dear.”
John paused for a moment. “Okay...hold on.” He sat up, pulling his pants and jeans down a bit lower. He maneuvered slightly, inserting a finger into himself.
John sighed, worry growing on his face,
John smiled. Their list had grown, he himself adding a few of his own kinks and fantasies.
John swallowed, embarrassed but understood and nodded in response.
“You-you want more?”
The constant stream of abuse was getting out of hand now and John stepped forward, tapping Sherlock’s shoulder.
.” Sherlock snapped.
“Oh…John…now, please…” Sherlock whispered, his voice hitching as John’s two fingers brushed against his prostate.
He pinned Sherlock under him, their breathing fast as he fumbled with his shirt.
“Why do you want to...why did you kiss me then?”
“John!” Sherlock started, but stopped at the look on the therapist’s face.
“Why?”
“Fine, just, you need to
“Oof, ow, Sherlock…get off.”
“John, do I need to remind you I have a finger up your arse.” Sherlock said, his breathing hitching slightly. He moved his finger inside John, brushing slightly against his prostate. John squirmed as small amounts of pleasure erupted through him.
John and Sherlock were lying comfortably in bed, John resting his back against the headboard, running his hands through Sherlock’s head as he rested it John’s shoulder.
He took another sip of beer and glanced downward at the empty street. He then looked up at the sky, which was slowly turning from dark blue to early morning gray as the sun rose. He had booked a hotel room on the 8
“Sherlock, you have no idea how long I’ve been wanting to do that. Seeing you caring for Marie and seeing you obviously- don’t look at me like that it was rather obvious that you cared for her and how obvious it was when you were heartbroken made me feel that I couldn’t tell you how I felt. I….I was afraid you’d see it has too sentimental and I just-”
“Come here John.” Sherlock stood up quickly, dragging John behind him towards the sofa. He laid down, bringing John with him, so that Sherlock was on his sofa, John on his body, chest to chest, his head resting over Sherlock’s heartbeat.
The two men continued talking until a nurse came to tell Sherlock visiting hours were now over and he could come back next Saturday to visit. Sherlock was reluctant to leave John, but John reassured him he would be fine and he looked forward to his next visit. And with that Sherlock left John, both men looking forward to a much brighter future.
“…Right, okay, that’s fine…I’ll just see you…later.” Sherlock said, and after a brief glance at John, he was gone, and John was left alone in the new flat.
He was in John completely when John gasped, freezing against him.
“What’d you think?” John asked quietly.
I kiss you and initiate sex after a nightmare? Because if I focus on you and on pleasuring you then I will forget the nightmare. I’ll forget the blood, and the screams and I always am able to sleep afterwards. I know that’s not what I should do, but it’s all I
“John, oh fuck, don’t stop, yes, oh fuck, John!”
As the two men relaxed against each other, Sherlock kissed John’s bare shoulder gently. The peaceful state they were in was disrupted however when there were footsteps growing louder and before either could remove themselves from each other, a loud yell erupted the cell.
“Ready?” John whispered against Sherlock's lips.
When Sherlock broke for air, his eyes were stinging. Blinking and breathing rapidly, he looked around him for John.
John shook his head confidently. “I don’t mind.”
“John…” Sherlock started, and was about to turn away when John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, pulling him forward.
Sherlock’s moans were growing faster as John stuck in two more fingers.
Sherlock froze. “I…I just need to get-” he paused as John squirmed, brushing his body against Sherlock’s half-hard cock.
“A case.” Sherlock lied.
“Yep. Come along John.” Sherlock said, jumping out of the cab, a few houses a way from their intended destination.
Sherlock, however, sat in front of John’s computer, typing, then grunting, more typing, followed by more grunts of frustration. Every time that happened, John couldn’t help but laugh of how ridicules this situation was. Sherlock could easily ask John to get his computer from the kitchen, but no, Sherlock had to prove he could figure out any password.
Sherlock reached over the edge of the tub, grabbing a bottle of lube.
“Nightmare?”
Police had surrounded the school. John had just explained the incident to a curly haired female officer when noise and loud yelling came from behind. The cabbie was already detained and in the back of a police car and nearby where all the yelling was occurring, was the senior detective (John could not remember his name) being yelled at by a tall, skinny man in a long coat.
John and Sherlock huddled together, their body warmth engulfing them.
Once at Scotland Yard, John found himself surrounded by noise and people, and he was beginning to feel unease. Sherlock was bickering with the detective inspector—
* * *
“What a freak! He’s the reason my relationship ended!”
“Erm, yes?” John insisted gently.
“John, oh fuck, John!” Sherlock shouted, rocking his hips towards John. His arms were straining as he looked down at the sight of himself fucking John’s mouth, John’s face red with pleasure.
Sherlock went and sat next to him, worry and fear etching in his mind.
Sherlock glanced slightly at John, who was looking at the floor.
I'm so sorry for the wait, but here you go. I've now published everything I've written so it may take a bit longer in between updating.
Huffing, John swiftly finished unpacking the groceries before following the detective.
“John.” Sherlock started, his voice beginning to shake as he spoke. “I don’t….I haven’t done this exactly ever...I mean...I...I don’t think I have ever felt this way before until now…” He paused, becoming frustrated with the stammering and stuttering and grew worried at John’s worried face, his eyes looking at the floor now. “John.” Sherlock said clearly. “Look at me John.” He said softly.
The song played as the three in the room gathered around the computer.
“We can’t...Sherlock...” John tried to say, his voice shaking slightly as Sherlock sat up. They had to give their coats to the front office, and so in rather quick time, Sherlock had unbuttoned his rumpled shirt, discarding it to the side. He kept his eyes on John as he stood up, leisurely unbuckling his trousers. He kept them on however, only to allow the head of his erect cock to peak from his pants.
“Okay?” He asked gently, sitting in Sherlock’s lap.
“In my jacket…pocket…” Sherlock whispered. “when I was getting ready…I knew…”
Sherlock mumbled, rolling his eyes. John removed his hand, combing it instead though Sherlock’s hair before tugging slightly as he leaned forward for more.
“No, I think everything’s fine.” John said, his relaxed face contouring into more confused.
“However, we are issuing you to attend mandatory therapy sessions by someone we’ve worked with before, given that you were suicidal and do currently suffer from PTSD.”
John looked away. “I’m sorry, its just...its not what they should be saying.”
“Oh for Christ sakes!” Lestrade yelled. John walked to his door to take a glance, only to see Lestrade appear in front of it. “You two had sex didn’t you? I warned you guys. Jesus.” Lestrade rubbed his face. “Its too early for this. “ He muttered as he unlocked John out.
“Yes, that bird.” Sherlock said, pointing to the remains of a taxidermist bird, hidden under some torn blankets. “It was a hawk, stuffed and placed on the bookshelf in the hallway. The killer grabbed it and stroked Ms. Bass, killing her. The killer is someone she knew, someone against animal cruelty. This apartment is filled with animals from taxidermists and there are at least 4 animals skin rugs, and two stag heads, one in the main room, and smaller one in the hallway. Ms. Bass was a collector. The killer tried to make it look like a burglary, that’s why this place is a mess but there’s no sign of force entry. Look at her business partners, someone who knew Ms. Bass well, and would benefit from her untimely demise. Check with the daughter, she may know those her mother had disagreements with.” Sherlock finished.
Sherlock grabbed John’s cock and stroke in time with his thrusts. His orgasm came to him in a surprise, and overtook his mind until all he was seeing was white and all he could hear was John’s shouts as he too came, his come splattering between him and Sherlock.
“I…oh god, Sherlock.” John whispered, moving hastily to the foot of the bed to stare at Sherlock’s entire body.
“Sherlock…” John said, holding out a towel.
“When you initiate sex John, do you do it to prevent Sherlock from leaving?”
“Exactly. Isabelle. She was French, like the character. And Emily Bass. She collected décor made from animals. Like Cruella De Vil.”
Lestrade led them out of the car and through the precinct. “In here.” He said, indicating them into a cell block. “Not a word. No snoggging. Please. You are being held here for public indecency. You’ll both be out by morning.” He said, his voice showings signs of lack of sleep. He uncuffed them and not so gently shoved them into the cell.
Sherlock looked at the horizon, his arousal deepening. John smirked at the reaction he was emitting from Sherlock and continued to tease him, slowly massaging his chest, before he too became aroused, and suddenly he kissed Sherlock’s jaw bone, moving quickly behind his ear, nibbling slightly.
“I believe we have a serial killer here.”
“But although you and I have done…sexual acts quite a bit in the past few weeks, whenever you have a nightmare, you immediately initiate one. And I want to know why.”
When their moans and whimpers were beginning to grow louder, John burrowed his face harder against Sherlock’s bare neck. He moved a hand from gripping Sherlock’s shoulder to Sherlock’s mouth, silencing him only slightly.
John looked up, his eyes wet too now, and Sherlock thought his heart was going to leap out of his chest. “I...I believe I’m in love with you too.” He whispered. John’s eyes widened, and began to glisten sharply.
John rolled his eyes as he dropped his soaked jumper-the striped one which happened to be Sherlock’s favorite-and moved onto his jeans. “You-You need to get out of those damp clothes. You’ll warm up qu-quickerr.”
“Sherlock—” John started, but was interrupted by Sherlock’s hands undoing his belt. “Sher-Sherlock!” John exclaimed only to be quieted by Sherlock’s hand covering his mouth.
* * *
The two rocked together, riding out their orgasms.
“Oh, alright, I will.”
“Say that again John.” She said calmly.
As their lips met, the boat took a sudden turn and before either could prepare, they rolled off the deck, under the railing, and into the water below.
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed, appearing from their bedroom.
Sherlock aligned his cock with John’s entrance, lifting John’s arse up a little.
“Shut up.”
“John, no that’s not what we should do.”
“What is so funny?!” Sherlock shouted, anger and frustration growing on his face.
Sherlock nodded, bucking his hips to gain friction against John’s.
John took a few seconds but responded with a cracked voice. “Yeah.”
In case anyone is unfamiliar with taxidermy, its a practice that involves a dead animal (should have been already dead, but hunters do get involved by selling their killings) and the animal is arranged to look alive and is stuffed and placed sort of like a trophy or just for decoration (like a mounted stag head).
“Fuck, Sh’lock.” John mumbled, his voice coarse. “I’m sorry…” He hiccupped.
“Sort of.”
Sherlock huffed, and prevented John from saying another word by grabbing his face and bringing his lips towards him. The two kissed roughly, nipping and sucking, their arousal deepening.
“I…” Sherlock started. He really wanted to go further but didn’t know if John wanted to at the moment.
“What is it John?”
The next few chapters will be a bit short, but I will try to make them long. Apologies for such "interesting" chapter titles
After leaving some dry towels and blankets down next to them, Lestrade and Molly left them alone, blushing slightly.
“I…” Sherlock started. “Think I understand. I know what you are on the outside but need to know what you are on the inside.”
“The words…Cruel, Evil, Devil…its like Cruella DeVil.”
“I don’t know…I don’t recognize all that I’m feeling.”
There was then a knock at the door, which startled him out of his thoughts, and he slowly got up, grabbing his cane and then made his way to the door. There was no peek hole so he couldn’t be prepared for whom he saw after opening the door.
